“Castiel,” Castiel replied, grasping his hand in a shake.
“Why does she keep calling you that?” Dean interrupted, looking at Castiel.
Dean tried to flash a disarming smile, obviously used to getting away with a lot just through his charm. Castiel could relate. But it wouldn’t work on him. “I really wanted that reward?” Dean tried.
This was… not the first thing Castiel expected in reply. “You mean right now?”
“What? Going back to college?” Castiel frowned.
Castiel interlaced his fingers with him and practically dragged him back. Once the door behind them had closed and they were in private, Castiel used the momentum to crowd Dean against the door. He cupped his cheeks with both hands and held him still before leaning down for a bruising, hungry kiss.
Dean rolled his eyes but finished off with a smirk. “No, you’ll share this one.” He pushed the plate a little closer to them. “But…” He held up his finger. “Cas gets the lion’s share.” Dean winked.
“Castiel, oh!” She placed her hand on her chest, obviously spooked herself. “What are you doing here?”
“Cas is my friend. I’m not just suddenly going to hook up with him,” Dean protested. Besides, he was pretty sure that he would definitely not be able to keep it at a one night stand. Once they’d open that box… He licked his lips and shifted his position.
After their first set, Dean stuck around and didn’t head for the VIP area. Instead he checked backstage, curious what Castiel was doing before the encore. He found him pacing the ground, stopping and jumping up and down, before pacing again. It reminded him of a caged lion, back when zoos were shitty and kept them in tiny cages. But it was mesmerizing to watch.
Dean nuzzled into Castiel’s palm and placed a soft kiss to it. Castiel was balm to his soul, but he had no verbal way of expressing it. “You said you had plans?”
“I know,” Castiel winked at him. “That’s why you’re the best friend I have. And ever had, come to think of it.”
Dean sighed, eyes closed and resting his forehead on the mat. “You made it look so easy.”
Dean put down his mug and cupped Castiel’s face in both of his hands. “Stop. We’ve been here before. It’s all gonna be fine. These are just formalities and then we can leave for Costa Rica.” He implored Castiel with his eyes. “Yes?”
Dean seemed surprised at first, but then he buried his fingers in Castiel’s hair to keep him close while their tongues slid together in a sensual dance until all traces of semen were gone. With a last nip to Dean’s bottom lip, Castiel reluctantly pulled away. “Come on, it’s time to get ready.”
Just as he was filling some of the more potent mix into a bag for Dean to analyze, Mildred surprised him by entering the pantry herself.
Castiel conceded. Love and care, huh? He’d assumed many things about the ruthless pirate Captain Dean Winchester before actually meeting him. Being a big cuddler in bed was definitely not one of them. “You did and you’re right.” Castiel smiled, throwing a leg over Dean’s and snuggling closer, holding him tight.
“Uhm, a community,” Dean quickly corrected himself.
“Of course.” Dean points towards his nametag. “I’m a professional.”
The doorbell rang again and Castiel quickly pulled on the shirt Dean had been wearing and padded to the door to accept the delivery, accepting the food in his boxers. The guy had probably seen worse. “Thanks,” Castiel told him, tipping him some change which he’d kept on a shelf near his door for exactly those reasons. It also housed his mail and keys.
Castiel couldn’t hide his grin and he waved her off. “No, please. I believe you are quite right.”
“Just get comfortable and I’ll bring it right on over,” Dean promised. Cas took his mug and settled in his usual armchair by the window when Jo came on out with a fresh batch of cookies. “Oh, perfect. Cas is gonna love these.”
“But you have responsibilities,” Dean concluded. He took a deep breath, finally calmed down. “And I should go help feed your people, too.”
“Eventually at college, yes.” Cas replied. He raised his eyebrow and gave Dean an intense look. “You’re asking if we had threesomes.” It wasn’t a question.
“Made what?” Castiel asked, looking at his salad and deciding to put it away for now. He was suddenly feeling sick.
Dean came back with fish, fruit and a random assortment of berries Castiel should hopefully be able to check for safety. Pregnant wom… people needed vitamins, right? The whole thing felt so surreal. But here he was, shacking up with an alien on an alien planet, so what even was his life anymore?
“I’ll arrest him.” He pointed at Castiel. “If you’re attached, I figure that will trap you there as well. Maybe I can find someone to exorcise you, too.”
Dean’s breath came out in tiny hitches, almost like he was muffling sobs. Gaining back some control, Castiel carefully untangled Dean’s leg, helping him set it down. He slipped out and wrapped his arms around Dean until Dean followed, burying his face in Castiel’s neck again and holding on tightly to his body.
“Oh, Dean. You have no idea,” Castiel said, biting his lip. “You’re delectable. And I would love nothing more than to lock that door and show you a few more
Dean ruffled his hair, taking any contact he was allowed and then plopped down across from him. “I got the laptop back.” He held it up again, in case Cas had missed it in lieu of the panini.
“No, definitely!” Castiel traced Dean’s lips with his index finger. He still couldn’t quite believe he’d found this man. “I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t mean to insult you.”
“Sorry, Charles, it’s just…” Dean looked around, his eyes landing on Castiel’s and lingering. Then his features visibly hardened. “Let’s get this done as quickly as possible.”
His dread was alleviated when he saw no immediate danger lurking, and Dean seemed more angry than alarmed. “...the fuck ordered the course change? We’re on a deadline, here. Literally!”
“Dean!” He realized there had been more shots fired and he quickly stepped over the shooter, running towards Dean, who was also lying flat on the ground. But Dean twitched and sat up just as Castiel reached him and could see that he was wearing a bulletproof vest.
“Fine.” Castiel couldn’t help his smile at seeing his boss get excited over pickles. “I assume you don’t want fries with that.”
Dean placed his hands on Castiel’s cheeks. “Look at me. This is non-negotiable. You go, I go.”
They only moved apart when they could hear sirens coming frown down the street. Apparently, a neighbor had heard the shots and called it in, so it was time for official police business.
Castiel bit his lip. This was his chance. “Not if you’re still here, Sir.”
Dean held up his free hand. “Shut up. I can take it. I wasn’t offended.”
There was nobody else left on their floor and Castiel wouldn’t be surprised if the whole building was empty besides them and the night guard. This was getting ridiculous. Castiel got up and knocked on Dean’s office door, not waiting for a reply before marching straight in. “Mr. Winch…” he cut himself off. “Dean,” he continued, pleased to see Dean smile at him. He’d only recently asked Castiel to call him by his first name and it was still taking some getting used to.
Castiel rubbed his hand over his face. “Dean, I don’t understand… if you… if you know I’m not… not all that innocent, then why am I here? Why did you arrange this deal?”
Castiel grunted, thrusting into Dean’s nimble hand. He’d been close before but would’ve been ok to let it simmer out. “Mmm, Dean,” he hummed, feeling his arousal quickly return to where it had been before.
“All mine,” he mumbled when Castiel sank down on his cock and slowly started moving.
“Hey, it’s ok,” Dean soothed. “Everything went well. You’re gonna be fine, Cas.”
“No, you’re done.” Castiel kissed him behind the ear. “My turn again.”
handsome and well-groomed, and so far, he didn’t seem at all like the ruthless captain his superiors had made him out to be.
“Ok, my turn.” Castiel announced. “Where did you grow up?”
Dean interrupted him before he could start to apologize. “You think I’m stunning?” Dean sounded surprised. Like this was something he wasn’t told all the time.
Castiel shrugged. “No idea. She’s just always used that dumb nickname.”
“Oh, fuck,” Dean cursed, probably knowing where this was headed. Even Jimmy finally tore his eyes away and gaped at Castiel.
Castiel frowns. “I don’t think I want a bunny. Though I guess that would definitely avoid them producing offspring.” He hesitates. “Right?”
Putting his mug down on the counter behind him, Dean took a deep breath. “I know this place means a lot to you, Cas, but someone is stealing money off of your members.” Castiel faked a shocked gasp and Dean held up a hand to continue. “I also think they’re specifically chosen for being wealthy.”
“Sorry I don’t have anything fancy. I didn’t expect to make breakfast,” Castiel apologized.
“Winchester,” Dean replied, steely gaze faltering a little. “Dean Winchester.” He glanced down at Cas with a silent question and Cas rolled his eyes in reply before giving a subtle nod. Jimmy could have the notebook. He wouldn’t find anything on it. And it would do no good to have Dean actually implicated in whatever Jimmy was trying to pin on him this time.
He was just happy that Castiel had taken it as well as he did. Falling asleep together alleviated most of Dean’s anxiety and he’d been able to get a good night’s rest. If he wasn’t mistaken, Henriksen should be coming by for his drop-off tonight, so Dean could set things in motion and focus the attention on Meg.
“Next time, Chaos.” Jimmy ruffled Cas’ hair and stopped, opening his mouth to say something else, but then he decided against it and grabbed his clothes on his way out.
“Even with the crazy hours?” Dean asked.
“Shh, don’t startle,” Castiel whispered and Dean could feel him suddenly a lot closer, his breath brushing against his lips with the last syllable. And then Castiel’s lips were on his, kissing him soft and gently, his tongue brushing over Dean’s bottom lip before Dean opened up to give it entrance.
“You have an answer for everything, don’t you?” Dean snarked.
Their shirts were already off and Dean was just working on Castiel’s boxers when there was a knock on the door. “Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Castiel cursed and Dean just groaned.
None of them had kind words about Meg. Even if she hadn’t been as blatantly mean to any of them as she’d been to Dean when he first arrived, most found her cold and calculating, seeing her as a necessity to help Castiel run the Farm. Because apparently the “poor guy” was just too “out of this world” to “deal with real life issues”. All of those had been phrases used when talking to Dean.
“No,” Anna shook her head. “Not that I know of?” She frowned. “No, I meant you’re alone on a planet that’s full of predators. Also, you could’ve fallen and broken your neck.”
“Right.” Castiel bit his lip. “You’re so much better at this than me.”
Castiel huffed a laugh, his body finally relaxing. “I’ll hold you to that.” He pointed a warning finger in Jimmy’s direction but then followed him to his car.
As soon as Sam had left, Castiel started undressing Dean, throwing the drenched clothes behind him. “You’re a goddamn idiot, you know that? Always jumping head first into danger,” Castiel scolded, but had to admit to himself that it was part of Dean’s charm.
Jimmy chuckled. “Uhuh.” Dean was acting way too innocently to have anything incriminating on his phone. “What? You watch your porn on your phone instead of your laptop?” He guessed, considering they hadn’t found anything on his computer and they
“She,” Castiel supplied. “She is.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “I guess I can always read more later.” The longer he needed, the longer Dean couldn’t go get himself killed. If it didn’t happen tomorrow, in Port Fairhaven. Fuck. Castiel was going to have to help him there, too, wasn’t he?
And he was pathetic.
Castiel’s smirk vanished. “This is my family.” He made a gesture, indicating the whole crew.
Cas just snorted in reply. “Never.”
“We’re not breaking in,” Dean explained. “Unless we have reasonable cause and then I don’t need one.” He shrugged. “But he is a potential victim and the only other person in this picture we could identify. Would you rather wait till tomorrow and find another body?”
Dean whimpered before he could help himself. Shit. He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t have this conversation like this. He quickly scrambled out from underneath Cas and sat up instead, making sure to keep touching Cas to let him know he was ok with the topic but hopefully he’d understand that Dean needed more clarity and not reply in the throes of passion.
Castiel sat back and cocked his head. “We should find shelter. Close to the water, preferably.”
Castiel smiled, pleased, but kept his gun trained on Sam while they made their way to the boats. The officers had moved far enough away that they could climb into the boats safely, Castiel, Sam and Dean last.
“Very funny.” Castiel glared at him. “And not by those floozies. I just...” He took off his shirt and threw it behind him. Dean stared at his bare chest slack-jawed. “Nevermind.”
When he was almost done with his Americano, a girl made her way over to him. He’d seen her before. She was a barista as well, if he remembered correctly.
“That’s awesome,” Dean exclaimed.
Castiel held up his hands. “Alright, I’m sorry.” He got up. “Couldn’t resist.” He smirked and got another cup of coffee, placing it in front of Dean. “Peace offering.”
He put on his ‘I’m nervous’ mask again before he went back outside to where Dean was waiting. As expected for this time of the day, nobody else had come down the corridor. He still wordlessly grabbed Dean’s hand and quickly led him away, not stopping until they were outside of the building.
Dean had declined to hire two other men, on the grounds that they had children, and life on the Impala was too dangerous. Castiel wondered about that, because life on any pirate ship was dangerous. And while Dean was among the most notorious captains out there, he didn’t have a reputation of going into battle against his fellow pirates. In fact, he only went toe to toe with the Navy, and not much was known about his plundering, either.
“It’s Commander Novak,” Castiel replied haughtily. “And that’s none of your damn business…” He made sure to look down at the guy. “Ensign.”
Then the door closed in his face and he had to trudge back to his own room. Alone.
“What? But…” Castiel faltered. He didn’t think it was that important.
With a start, Castiel recalled why that was against regulations. Their armor included a failsafe that would instantly kill them and self-implode in the event they were captured. Castiel had always found that barbaric and had tried to lobby against it but, like everything else he had lobbied against, his protests had been shut down. The torture their enemies would inflict upon them would be horrific if they were captured. Death was the more humane option. Or so they were told.
Dean was still awake enough to hold up his middle finger for Jimmy, and Castiel’s smile only grew. He really was the luckiest. He leaned over and claimed a kiss from Jimmy, then settled in for sleep, cocooned between the two men he loved.
“They’re gonna drench it in dressing at those kinda places. So no.” Dean looked apologetic though.
Dean nodded, smiling serenely. He ducked his head and kissed Castiel’s cheek, then rolled away before Castiel could think of keeping him close and maybe cuddling some more. “So,” Dean asked, swinging his legs over the bed and facing the wall. “Breakfast?”
“Can we take your car?” Castiel asked, tugging Dean towards the elevator and unwilling to subject Dean to the public bus while he was still emotionally raw.
Dean looked at the slowly forming line in his shop and then checked his watch. “It’s ok,” Cas decided for him. “Go back to work.” After squeezing Castiel’s thigh on his way up again, Dean joined Jo behind the counter. Castiel finished his spiked coffee and got ready to leave, himself. He had an early shift the next day.
Castiel must have felt new eyes on him, because their gaze met and Castiel’s face actually lit up. He raised a questioning eyebrow and Dean gave him a thumbs up. Castiel grinned and pushed away from his admirers to join Dean.
“Would you feel better if you prepared your own food?” Castiel offered finally, still holding him.
Before he could sneak out of the coffee shop however, Dean caught him by the door and wordlessly wrapped him up in a long hug. Castiel sighed into the contact and melted against him for a minute before letting go.
However… was that Dean’s car that he saw parked right in front of his building? He didn’t have to wonder long, because just as the shooter broke down his bedroom door, he could hear “Freeze, police!” coming from inside his apartment. The shooter turned around towards the voice, gun raised, and then there were shots fired and the guy trying to kill him keeled over, shot in the shoulder and in the chest.
“Just get me to my room.” Dean sometimes wished their bond would transcend to telepathy. But then he remembered how much time he spent thinking about Castiel in a maid uniform and him sprouting tentacles, or the other way around, depending on what he felt like and yeah… bad idea.
Castiel startled and Dean seemed to pause himself as well, flushing red all the way to his neck. It would be more adorable if Castiel wasn’t so shocked at discovering Dean’s apparent distorted self image. “Dean, have you looked in a mirror lately?”
“Yes,” Dean replied, but he could feel himself flush a deep shade of red. “For, uhm, for the cuffs.” He scratched the back of his neck, feeling awkward and turned to get them their coffees instead. And there was something else… Right. Cupcake.
Hidden in a cabin Anna had constructed in the woods after Castiel’s punishment—just in case anyone else in their family needed sanctuary before it was too late—Castiel, Dean and Mary hid out for a few more months, only visited by Anna. Then one day, Jack came along and Castiel had judged him right. He would be a benevolent ruler and his first priority was peace.
Castiel clenched his hands. Dammit. Dean’s charm
He kept it up until he could add a third and Dean was crying out into the sheets. Castiel tried to keep his eyes on Jimmy, but it was hard. He’d much rather just focus on Dean. “Are you getting a good show, Jimmy? Can you see how open Dean is? How much he can take?”
Rowena arrived the next day. She took one look at them and smiled. “Well, first of all: Congratulations, boys. I hope all the pining paid off and it was a satisfying communion.”
Dean gripped one end of the net and he and Sam got as close to the Kraken as they could, avoiding the tentacles until they threw the net over him. Sam shouted another spell and the net lit up in a golden glow, falling down around the Kraken and keeping him momentarily trapped, tentacles at his side.
Meg kept going through the files unperturbed, pretending he wasn’t even in the room. She usually only shared info about potential recruits with Cas after she pre-screened them, so that was nothing unusual. No reason to worry yet. He’d just have to come back later.
“Oh,” Cas stopped mid-bite. “That was fast.”
Dean was so startled that Castiel was able to push his tongue in right away. Catching on quickly, Dean moaned against his lips and gave as good as he got. Their tongues danced and battled, teeth clicking and just as Dean was wrapping his arms around Castiel trying to pull him in, Castiel pulled away, taking three steps back.
Dean winced and took a careful sip of the tea. “That’s really good tea again,” he mentioned.
?” Castiel stressed again.
“Yes, there is.” Dean held on fiercely. “We’ll find a way. Call Jimmy. We’ll make a plan.”
“I’m not stressed.” Castiel narrowed his eyes, immediately alert and… stressed.
Dean gave Castiel a surprised look and flushed. “Thank you?”
“I wonder if she was…” Cas paused because his voice kept cracking. He cleared his throat. “If she was telling the truth.”
And that’s how he knew they’d work with Jimmy. They would be happy either way, but Jimmy just brought a little more love to their already overflowing pot.
“What?” Meg parroted back. “What the fuck indeed, Clarence. I thought the plan was to break him and spit him back out. Yet here you are, coddling him!”
Jack comes over and cups his cheek and it’s Amara again. This is definitely fucking with his mind. “Trust me. You want to be here.” He… she smiles.
“Too late?” Castiel questioned. “Is Michael also on his way?”
“Usually I go for a run and grab a bagel on my way home,” Castiel explained.
“What’re you thinking?” Cas asked, head tilted.
“No, I really couldn’t.” Jimmy stressed and Castiel lowered his hand. Oh. So they were at the surveillance stage of whatever operation they were running. Good thing he wasn’t stupid and kept no illegal devices in his trailer.
Jessica sighed. “Well, I guess it’s good you never joined us or else you’d have a target on your back now as well.” She leaned forward again. “If we survive this, I promise I’ll help you, ok?”
Yeah. So he’d definitely be caught. He wasn’t stupid. Hearing her actually admit that she’d set up the account told him that she’d definitely disabled his bugs. She was anything but stupid. “I don’t think I can do that.”
Castiel closed his eyes and blew out a deep breath. They’d been
Castiel lowered his arm and allowed Dean to come closer so he could pat his cheek. “I know. And you’re very cute. But tomorrow you’ll start doing yoga with me,” Castiel announced, finally having come to a decision. “You’re obviously better, so you can join me. I’ll even be your personal trainer.”
The message popped up on his screen and Castiel frowned. What the fuck? He quickly executed a delete history command and closed all his tabs minus one just as the doorbell of The Good Bean jingled, announcing a new customer. Castiel didn’t turn around to check who it was but sure enough felt a shadow fall over him a minute later.
“Well, yeah. It’s me who’s on stage when it doesn’t work. So I better roll some heads before that happens.” Castiel winked. “I guess you could say it’s my important pre-show ritual.”
“He seems pretty ok so far,” Castiel chuckled, passing on the joint. Dean hesitated but then accepted the offering. They spent a few more moments in silence, before Castiel spoke again. “I’m glad they hung you out to dry while you still had this.” He looked at the now almost extinct joint. “Couldn’t calm down tonight.”
Dean paused, fumbling in the dark until he’d reached Castiel’s cheek. “Yes. Maybe not in this location, but yes.”
It didn’t have the desired effect and Castiel drooped. “For what? Becoming a snitch after all? You would be proud of that, wouldn’t you?”
“Dean still happy and obedient?” Meg asked, sounding conversationally.
Jimmy waited for Castiel’s shift at the docks to end and intercepted him before he could get on the bus home. “Come on,” Jimmy tried to lure him. “I’ll drive you.”
Castiel started eating his fruit and moved a little closer, relieved when Dean held out one arm and he could move into his side. As soon as they made body contact, she was glowing happily again and Castiel knew they’d be ok.
Dean closed the car door before she could launch into that story of hers.
“So, what? My saliva got you pregnant? Holy fuck. So you’re some weird, alien lady?” Dean wondered how their males looked, if Cas was female. With his deep voice and everything. Shit. Did they even have females? If kissing got you pregnant, maybe they didn’t need matching body parts to… couple. Dean shuddered a little.
“I brought you coffee,” Jimmy tried to bribe him.
However, Dean’s face crumbled when Castiel walked into the office with the two takeout bowls and before Castiel could even say anything or make a joke, Dean just started crying. Shit.
Ruby slid out from under his arm and raised an eyebrow. “Well, I definitely deserve it. Not sure if I should call you lucky though. Castiel is kinda gross. All those man bits.” She shuddered. “I don’t get why you like it.”
After a particularly sharp spike of pain, he realized that this was the best excuse to meet with Castiel again. To get more information out of him, of course. Not because he simply wanted to see him. He inquired about his whereabouts and apparently he was teaching a yoga class now, but should be done soon. Then he’d wander the grounds.
She looked at Jimmy expectantly but Jimmy only shrugged.
Dean peaked down at him over his shoulder. “Knocked you off,” he whined.
“No, it’s literally yours. Did you not see the name?” Dean pointed at the card.
“I like
He stayed for the concert and went to the VIP area afterwards, intending to talk to some of the other band members or at least setting up dates for formal interviews. This time however, he was accosted right away as soon as he came near the room. At least three girls were crowding him, asking how he knew Castiel and would Castiel be interested in a threesome, but also, now that he already had Castiel, could he please just fucking leave and let the others have their turn. Dean didn’t even get a word in to his defense. After a few minutes, he pulled out his crew badge and waved it.
Dean snorted. “That’s why you’re spending half your day in my coffee shop now? Fighting crime?” His eyes raked over Jimmy’s chest and arms and he noticed that he had fewer muscles than Cas, though not by much. For that, he was better fed. Which made Dean feel bad again, knowing why Cas didn’t eat more.
Dean let him go. “Yeah, ok. That’s preferrable.” He looked stressed.
When the food arrived, Castiel entered Dean’s office again. He had also ordered them two beers, knowing Dean might decline, but in that case he’d just drink both himself. It was Friday night after all.
Dean could see how touched Cas had been by the gesture and he still smiled whenever he looked over and saw the two of them working together without any of the usual tension between them. It was a seriously shitty situation they found themselves in, but… Small favors.
Castiel raised his eyebrow. “You want to rephrase that, love?”
She always vanished with Cas in his room and Dean hated her with a passion. But he was happy Cas had a friend. And he really, really hoped she was just a friend. Though if Cas turned out to be bi, too, Dean was the last person to say anything. He just… didn’t like having competition on both sides all of a sudden.
“We gotta keep at it,” Dean yelled back. “It’s him or me.” He slashed at another tentacle and succeeded in slicing it off. Castiel focused his next bottle at the wounded tentacle and this time, the Kraken shrieked and retreated back for a few seconds, as if that had actually hurt.
“Join me for dinner?” Castiel requested before they parted, and Dean nodded, looking pleased with the invitation.
Castiel stared after him, open-mouthed and confused at the sudden hostility. Charlie touched his shoulder after Dean stormed off. “Iron and rock salt. So grab a poker and let’s see if there’s any guns left…”
“Are you feeling better now?” Dean asked as he straightened himself up.
“Are you asking if this is required of you?” Dean frowned. “I thought we were past that.”
Jimmy looked panicked but he nodded. He still hesitated to physically comply, though. “Can I… may I…?” he tried.
“Eat something,” Dean prompted. “You’ll feel better.” He nudged the plate again. “I even left you some bacon.”
Castiel didn’t mention that Dean would have to quit his job and he already had plans on where they’d go next. Instead, he pulled Dean in for a long hug once again, his chest suffused by warmth. Yes, he’d played Dean and this was exactly the outcome he’d wanted. Dean by his side. A loyal partner. But he had underestimated how much Dean would come to mean to him. How deeply Castiel would care for the other man. How much he already
“Ok, so, I know you’ll be upset at first, but please hear me out before you do something rash, like send me away.” Dean looked fearful.
“We don’t trust you, ok?” The guy from dinner the other day, Cole, informed him harshly. “Go feed the chickens.”
“So you can go where?” Dean asked. “You’re the witness to a murder investigation and you just got shot at. I don’t think you want to leave my custody.”
Jimmy sat back and twisted his hands. Communication. They had to get back to sharing. “Chaos,” he started and stopped himself. But Cas inclined his head, so he continued on. “I’m never gonna become Assistant Director, or hell, I’m probably not gonna become team leader either. It doesn’t matter where I sit. But I like my job. I just would like it a lot better if I could also have a private life again. Come see you. See Dean. Hang out here and drink coffee.” Jimmy shrugged.
“Hi?” Dean waved his free hand awkwardly. “So… he’s with you all the time?”
“I know.” Castiel sighed, slumping against the countertop. All of his carefully laid plans. He should trust in his own abilities to implicate Meg. It was basically bullet proof. Not much longer and they’d be able to leave scot free. He just… he hadn’t expected to be put on trial. For all anyone knew, he was the innocent victim here. He shouldn’t have to prove that in court.
It just wasn’t worth it anymore. The whole thing had started to feel tedious. He couldn’t actually do much for these people. They were all still selfish pricks deep down, only here to feel better about themselves, not to help anyone else. They definitely deserved to come out with less money than they went in with. They’d land on their feet.
He swirled his tongue around the head of Dean’s cock, savoring the taste, before he loosened up to let him in again, proud that he could take him a little further already. He sucked and repeated the motions, eventually trailing up a hand to press into Dean’s perineum and massage his prostate from the outside.
Dean couldn’t help but melt into it, clinging on. “Cas, I…” He tried, but couldn’t continue.
“Honey?” Dean asked, looking around the kitchen, presumably for a fork, so Castiel pointed him towards the correct drawer. “But honey isn’t a dead animal?”
After a few minutes Dean even snaked his free arm around Castiel’s body to place it on his belly.
“But I like taking care of you,” Castiel pouted. But he could take a hint. Dean wanted exercise. “Do yoga with me later. Maybe you’ll like it.”
“The Pearly Gates.” It was the best cover story. The Navy had sunk it a few months back and nobody should still be alive to prove he didn’t.
Castiel stilled, interlacing their fingers again and nuzzling Dean’s neck for a while. Neither of them said anything, but it wasn’t needed. Castiel’s gentle touches prolonged the warmth spread all throughout Dean’s body and he sighed happily, once again so relaxed, he felt melted to the soft sheets.
“Let me think,” he stated, pacing back and forth in the small room.
“Uhm, sure.” Castiel frowned again, but stepped back, about to comply with Sam’s dumb request.
Dean made a note on his notepad that simply said ‘not a diva’. “How’d you meet Meg and Anna?”
Ana shook her head, cradling her injured arm. “I’ll be fine,” she muttered and Castiel could swear there was a faint golden glow coming from her arm. Hopefully it wasn’t the poison still injuring her further.
.” His voice dropped an octave. “No fucking way am I letting you out of my sight with that book. Now sit your ass down and make yourself useful before I decide to call Rowena back and let her have you, after all.”
Castiel stopped him and laughed. “Dean. Stay. I was just joking.“ He stroked up and down his arm with a soft smile. “But nice to know you would‘ve done it.“
“Yes, it is.” Dean protested.
“Dammit, Dean,” Castiel chastised him, but he didn’t sound mad. “Deep breaths.” He kissed Dean’s shoulder and rubbed soothing circles over his back until Dean could feel something give inside of him and all the tightness left his chest and consequently the rest of his body.
“I didn’t veto it, Dean. Don’t think I couldn’t have had you thrown out on day one.” Castiel shrugged.
“He gave me his word. And the word of a pirate is binding,” Sam yelled. The officers again looked at each other in confusion.
Castiel put his hand up to his lips, still faking shock. “I… I kinda realized most of them were well off, but I just thought that’s the kind of people who can allow themselves to take a break, to come here and find peace of mind. I always wished I could help more of those struggling,” Castiel went back to big shiny eyes, hoping to look stricken. “I can provide them with everything they need right here and they wouldn’t have to work too hard to earn their place. But they just… they don’t apply?” He touched Dean’s arm as if he was desperate. “You’re saying they were purposely kept out?”
“Hey.” Castiel knew he was trying to cheer him up, and it was working. “Animals are friends. And meat production is causing a lot of carbon dioxide emissions…”
Castiel looked at the floor and nodded. Dean pressed the dictation machine in his hands. “Make sure she doesn’t get out anytime soon,” Dean instructed him.
Dean stirred and turned around in his arms. “Stop thinking so much,” he mumbled, placing a quick kiss on Castiel’s lips.
Dean blew out a breath and tried to relax, but his whole body was tense. And now he felt just a little bit worse because he couldn’t even obey Castiel’s command.
“There could be,” Jimmy stressed and for a moment, Castiel shivered. But then he shrugged it off. He knew Odin. She wasn’t a killer. And this really wasn’t a movie. And they had absolutely nothing or Castiel would be having this conversation from a jail cell.
“Glad to keep you entertained,” Dean replied, knowing full well that he’d probably been a handful for Castiel since yesterday. Or all week, even.
“Besides avoiding them at all cost?” Ana replied, mouth grim. Then she sighed. “My momma always said to have my silver dagger with me when I go swim, in case I get eaten.” She patted a slim silver dagger hanging from her belt. “Gave it to me for my tenth birthday.”
“Inias, your bandmate?” Dean was surprised. He didn’t know they knew each other for that long.
Jimmy had already been hurt thinking Cas would leave him to become independent. He was way too ready to believe this, too. He’d been so stupid. And in the end, it had been him who’d blown up their bond. It definitely had been Castiel’s right to explore other options. See other people. Gain more independence.
Dean chuckled and got up, giving Cas a quick kiss and tangling his hands in his hair as soon as he was close enough, messing it up back to its more natural shape. “Better,” he decided.
“That’s not what I got excited about,” Cas grumped and Dean reached over to squeeze his hand.
“Worth a try.” Dean shrugged and lit a match. But before he could throw it, the wind blew it out and there was suddenly a massive ghost behind him, raising what seemed to be a very real sword.
“Are you sure?” Castiel had finished his burger and looked at the door that led to the rest of the bunker.
“I won’t,” Castiel frowned.
It all escalated to a full blown fight in June that ended with Cas giving a long speech about how he definitely wasn’t interested in Dean that way and could Dean please treat him like he used to without fear of Cas thinking it was more. Heart crushed, Dean forced himself to go back to how it used to be.
“Yeah, right you are,” she laughed. “Even changed up your voice.” She nodded appreciatively. “Didn’t think you had it in you. What gives?”
“Tell Admiral Roman that I’ll be in touch as soon as they set me free. Otherwise, go find the Impala and sink it once and for all, to avenge me.” Sam shouted.
“Yes,” Castiel replied, dropping his head to lean his forehead against Dean’s. He took a few deep breaths and then sat back again. “This is… stressing me out. You know what will help with that?”
“I heard the palm readings are really quite accurate.” Castiel shrugged, then he sighed. “Couldn’t get it out of my head, ok? I really didn’t expect to see you here though. How’d you even find this place?”
She winked at him. “Not yet, I didn’t.”
“What do you mean?” Dean cocked his head.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel pushed a few strands of hair out of Dean’s face. “You ok alone for a few minutes? I really think my tea will help you.”
“Like what?” Castiel frowned, licking his suddenly dry lips.
Castiel whistled and was even nice to Meg when she came to join him after he was done with the important things and pretended to check the finances and google a new type of legacy apple they could grow to gain more local support and larger sales. Of course, he would no longer be here by the time any sapling even grew roots, but Meg didn’t need to know that.
They tried to keep it hidden, but a little prompting caused them to quickly open up and tell him horrible stories of Meg bringing several members to tears. A few of them actually left the Farm again shortly after their arrival, not having been able to fit in, or rather, “fleeing from that awful woman,” as Mildred called it.
Dean squinted at him. “You’re just saying that so it’s easier for me when you leave.”
Before Dean could say whatever it was he was about to, Castiel slid out of the car and slammed the door shut. Without looking back to not make this any harder, he stomped away towards the Sandover building, Dean passing him by in his Prius after only a few steps.
Castiel hesitated. They should talk, but probably not here. “Ok.” It was nice to know Dean considered him one of the crew, though he still felt anxious and didn’t trust his words yet. Just a few hours ago, Dean had not believed him in the woods and had almost gotten killed over it.
Henriksen must have seen it in his expression, because he loosened his stance. “Anything you wanna tell me, Dean?”
“Thank you, Dean.” Castiel took one of Dean’s hands from where his arms were around his torso and kissed it, then he settled back down in Dean’s arms and fell into a peaceful sleep.
Jimmy shrugged, at least having the decency to look guilty this time. “You got yourself into the mess. I wasn’t gonna let you drag me down with you.”
Dean nodded. “She let you go after me, didn’t she?”
“Oh please. Just tell him you want him to push you up against the next flat surface. He’s gonna take you up on it and maybe you’ll both be a little happier.” Balthazar suggested.
“Eh,” Castiel shrugged. “Whatever happened, it led me to where I am now. And it’s not all sunshine and roses, but I am generally happy. I get paid well for doing what I love. And if one day the people don’t love me anymore, I can always still take classes.”
“Well, I uhm…” Castiel bit his lip. “When I knew they’d send someone I read everything of yours that I could find. Had to make sure what kind of author you are before I allowed you on.”
Castiel frowned at his own burger. “Are you fat shaming me?”
She let go of Dean and proceeded to climb up, making it a little easier on the both of them. Dean instead just held on with one hand, the other still clutching his sword while the three of them pulled him up the rest of the way.
“You have hamsters?” Castiel asks.
Once they got back to the apartment, Castiel had checked in with his team at the Bureau and gotten out an arrest warrant for Frankie. Better safe than sorry. A full debriefing would happen the next morning, so he still had a few hours to come up with a story for why Dean had had Castiel’s gun in his hands. Glancing over at it on his nightstand, Castiel added the knives he‘d hidden in his right boot and the small pistol from his left. His new kit was already buried under some clothing deep in the nightstand, along with his ring.
“Dean…” Cas started, but his voice broke. Along with Dean’s heart. He pulled the other man into a hug, holding on tighter when he felt Cas’ shoulders start to shake and heard distinctive sniffling sounds.
“Why now?” Castiel decided to cut straight to it.
Dean frowned. “I don’t know how.”
“Yeah,” Dean breathed, getting up and walking around the desk. He took a hold of Castiel’s hand and pulled him up to his feet.
“No, I can’t. I hear noise. I think it’s all the ghosts still lingering around. And it’s just when I’m tired or drained. It’s… it’s tinnitus, that’s all it is.” Castiel wrapped his arms around himself.
“What do you mean? You saw it, too. You’re a witness to this. You better come give a statement and help with the sketch artist.” Dean knew that only minutes ago he wanted nothing more than to have Novak gone, but this… whatever the fuck just happened... it was definitely out of Dean’s comfort zone.
“I’m sorry.” Dean pulled him into a quick hug, fingers losely playing with his hair. “You know my past wasn’t all that happy either. But I was, uhm… sexually at least, nothing traumatizing happened.”
Castiel opened his mouth to yell at him, but realized that actually? He did. The darkness that had come over him had been temporarily chased away by passion. He closed his mouth again and didn’t say anything.
Dean nodded, pointed at one of the chairs opposite his own on the other side of his desk. “If you don’t mind. I’d rather not let the book out of my sight.”
“So you decided it’s better if it was just me?” Castiel accused him. It was an old argument, but one they haven’t had in years. Because Jimmy had given up and wasn’t coming around anymore. Until now.
He rolled over Castiel and leaned down for a kiss. Castiel could still faintly taste himself and pulled Dean closer to lick him clean. While they were kissing, Dean kept rutting against his leg and Castiel ended up rolling them over until Dean was underneath him. Their legs still dangled over the side of the bed and he rolled off, sliding to his knees to fully undress Dean.
So he took a detour to a small Naval supply post he knew because he’d picked up a uniform there before, back when he’d been rapidly climbing the ranks. Holding his head up high, he strolled straight in before the guard could catch up with him. “Castiel Novak, 2nd Division, Blue Squadron, reporting in from an assignment. But please don’t let me face my superiors in these filthy rags.”
“You’re welcome,” Dean replied, when Castiel pulled back.
“And you need him to sit next to you at dinner for that?” Meg narrowed her eyes.
Jimmy paused. “That’s his usual order, isn’t it?”
“Clarence,” she greeted him, sounding suspiciously calm. “Anything you wanna tell me?”
Dean frowned but then pulled Cas closer again. He had stopped shivering, but there was no rush to leave.
“I’ll try and do better with my next tea,” Castiel promised instead.
“The what now?” Dean paled.
Castiel was transported to the local police station and put in a holding cell, same as Meg. As much as it hurt Dean, he kept up his professional facade, not touching Castiel or whispering any sort of goodbye. Castiel would understand. It could only hurt the both of them if anyone ever found out just how close they’d become in the last few days.
When he came to, his Angel was kneeling next to him, one hand on Dean’s cheek and the other on his shoulder, looking deeply concerned. “Dean!” Castiel exclaimed. “There you are.”
Castiel watched him curiously and wondered if it was some kind of important ritual when suddenly, a small spark appeared and Dean blew on it gently until it spread and grew into a small fire. Dean turned at him and grinned. “Yes!” he exclaimed.
“Indeed,” Castiel agreed. Especially since yoga was not even a punishment. And he was sure Dean would enjoy it in no time.
And she turned out to be right.
“No.” Castiel replied.
Dean thought about it for a second. This was a test, wasn’t it? “She did say that Castiel was using her to be the fall guy.” He thought back on it. “Oh, and that his real name was Clarence Allen.”
“He’s a good friend to you,” Jimmy explained. “I’m glad.”
Dean had to admit that it was a smoother slide and he smiled proudly, happy he’d pleased Cas. He threw his head back on a blissful moan when Castiel squeezed a little harder, speeding up his movements. “Cas,” he mumbled. “Castiel, please.”
He rolled on his back and stretched, happy to be in a real bed again. He’d never expected to get used to things like a comfortable bed to sleep in, but it had been too long since he’d slept on the street and that prison cot had been awful. Additionally, it had only been a holding cell, so it was noisy and lit up all night long, with new people being admitted.
His espresso machine roared and he didn’t hear their reply, but when he turned around, they were both grinning at him. “It could be?” Cas offered.
“Mhm,” Castiel hummed non-committedly. Where else would he be? He still had a job to do. Speaking off, he forgot to get Dean’s Dell. He should go back and get it. But speaking of Dean… “Stop hitting on Dean.”
It didn’t sit right with him, so he pulled the old files from back at MIT and re-checked those conversations and in retrospect… it seemed to be the same case. Unless Castiel got sloppy when he was drunk, or, back then, high, it wasn’t actually Cas who’d sold those missile plans after all. Just like Cas had been trying to tell him. But he’d been too afraid and too up his own ass to believe him.
Castiel stood back up and pushed the beads back in as far as they would go. Then he reached for the discarded plug, thankful that it was one of their smaller sizes, and used it to plug Dean up and keep the beads inside, mindful to keep the string outside.
He closed his eyes and allowed himself one last moment to enjoy this, then he sat up more fully. “Dean…” He hesitated and took a sip of the coffee. It was very good coffee, of course. “I don’t think you’ll call me adorable after this.” Dean opened his mouth to reply, but Castiel held up a hand. “I was going to sneak out last night, actually, to maybe make this easier.”
“So, you don’t want us to share?” Cas asked, sounding unsure enough that Dean could tell this wasn’t about the cupcake. Dean squeezed the bridge of his nose. They’d talked about it. Multiple times. Initially they’d decided it was too early to mess around. Their relationship had only just started and they had a lot of lost time spent pining to make up for. Adding Jimmy had just seemed too messy. Besides, he could tell that Cas himself wasn’t ready yet. But it’s been months. The twins seemed to be on great terms. They should have the talk again.
Ruby laughed at Dean’s crestfallen face, but then she slapped Castiel’s chest when he’d reached them. “Do you want him to get murdered? Geeze.”
“No, thank you. Your Whiskey is not quite my style.” Odin stretched out on the rickety chair, taking up more space. And casually mentioning that she’d snooped through his place. Of course. She’d probably also found the bugs or knew about them. Castiel was screwed.
Castiel pulled back with a slight frown. “Don’t worry, I’ll find something.”
“Then I’ll just dose him higher,” Castiel lied. “Trust me to know when someone is high and when someone is just pretending. Drugs are my specialty, after all.” Meg didn’t know much about his past life, but he’d told her enough.
“Look at me,” Castiel repeated, putting more command in his voice.
“Are you sure she’ll let you?” Jimmy asked.
“Sweet boy,” Castiel crooned. “I started this family because I realized so many people needed my help. It pleases me to see others thrive. You, however…” Castiel stopped as if he was considering his next words carefully. “You have seemed so miserable since arriving here. I am sorry for neglecting you. I think Meg…” He trailed off.
Mildred, usually calm and somber, at least during the tea ceremony, was downright chipper when she poured them their tea tonight. Dean really wanted to ask, but Castiel subtly shook his head, so he concentrated on his food instead. He ate his soup as quickly as he could, so they could leave again and
Dean didn’t mention it, either, but when Castiel laid down to find some rest, he couldn’t stop shivering. He didn’t like it and didn’t know what to do until Dean stepped in, wordlessly laying down behind him and wrapping the blanket around the both of them before gathering Castiel up in his arms and providing him comfort.
“Priorities,” Dean replied, reaching out and messing up Castiel’s hair. Though Castiel had a feeling it was already pretty messy before he got to it. “Though I guess all is lost on that mop of yours.”
“Why would I need a PR guy?” Castiel frowned. “You’re here to interview me.”
“What did you do, Clarence?” Meg got up, crossing her arms in front of her chest.
An hour later Dean was looking at the ceiling, absentmindedly drawing patterns on Castiel’s shoulder, while the other man was snuggled into his side. He wasn’t so sure how he‘d handle losing this and they only just started whatever this even was. He was really fucked.
“Just wait till I get my hands on a computer. Or a smartphone. You’re dead. Buried.” Anael’s hair had fallen into her face when she was cuffed and she blew it out of her face angrily.
“So I can stop reading this?” Castiel pointed at his book.
Just as Dean wanted to inquire more, two other members of the Farm passed them, looking at them curiously but bowing their heads in greeting. Castiel stepped away from Dean. “I shouldn’t have said anything. Sorry. You’re new here. You needn’t worry about anything other than becoming your best self.”
“He’s not gonna take you with him when he leaves though, right?” Charlie tried to joke, but it still came out concerned.
Castiel stood in front of the bar and hesitated. Balthazar had a lot of good advice, but also a lot of really shitty ideas. He just couldn‘t decide which category this one fell under. His palms started to sweat and he loosened his tie, suddenly having the need to get more air.
With a shiver, Castiel sat down and opened the book. When he saw Dean reach for a book himself and settle down, he dared to open his mouth again. “Could I maybe get something lighter than rum? It’ll make the Latin easier.”
“Well, you do now.” Dean decided, snuggling in. “How long can you stay? Here with me, I mean.”
Castiel hesitated. “I admit I’d feel better helping you bathe and making sure you don’t slip…” Dean started to protest, but Castiel held up his hand to stop him. “But that would be inappropriate of me. So if you promise me that you feel well enough today…?”
When she gets back in, Sam is still just sitting on the bed in the same state she’s left him in, fully dressed, looking numb. Eileen sighs, her heart now breaking for both of the brothers. Poor Dean. She knows he’d just decided to apply for the Lawrence Fire Department. It feels so unfair. Here she was on a second life and Dean was…
“Alright,” Dean conceded. “I’ll stay and be your good boy.”
“I thought I did,” Castiel grunted. Waste of a lot of money, that’s all that’s been. Same as all the other trinkets and protective charms and blessings and curses. Nothing could cure him of his disease.
And was that
After examining his leg, Dean came to the same conclusion. “Sorry to say, but it seems broken.”
Castiel raised one eyebrow and gestured with his mug for him to get on with it.
Bobby nodded, arms crossed in front of his chest. “You single?” Dean confirmed, a little confused. “Gay or straight?”
A snort came from his left and he realized Anael was sitting close by. After he nodded his head in greeting, her scowl softened a bit. “Sorry for these assholes,” she said. “They were mostly joking, but if anyone tries anything later on, you come tell me.”
Jessica bit her lip. “I’m not sure. But we know he’s after our community. He’s killed quite a few of us already.”
“So I understand if you don’t want to risk it. If you show me where the office is…” Dean offered.
people, Meg. Don’t forget the mission.”
“Sit down, Cole, you ugly bastard,” the second guy also got up and Castiel gulped seeing how big and burly he was. Castiel was by no means small, but this guy could definitely hurt him. And he really didn’t need that kind of trouble on his first day.
Castiel looked at him, keeping the close contact between them by touching his wrists. “Oh?”
“I’m going to tell Henriksen to rush it,” Dean promised. “But maybe it’s best if you stay in public places or with me for the next few days.”
Dean raised his eyebrow. “We’ll see. But for now, I need you to read up on the Kraken for me. Specifically on how to find or summon him.”
“Hug before we left, huh?” Castiel asked, pressing the copy into Dean’s chest in accusation.
Cas made a face. “Masturbation is a sin. You go blind from that.” At Dean’s raised eyebrow, Cas shrugged. “We couldn’t really use that as justification, is what I mean. But at some point we just stopped caring. It felt good. We didn’t hurt anybody.” He trailed off, getting a faraway look. “It felt
“No, I’m serious.” Castiel passed his hands through his hair. “I’m a marine biologist. I’ll go study deep ice specimens and hopefully find endangered or even new species so we can get the whole area protected.”
When they pulled apart, Castiel’s eyes zeroed in on Dean’s lips and Dean licked them unconsciously. They were two different species, but most of their anatomy seemed to align. He wondered, not for the first time, what else they had in common. Deciding to take his chances, Dean closed the space between them and placed a soft kiss on Castiel’s lips.
Bobby laughed at him and patted his shoulder. “Ah, hell, kid. You ain’t seen nothing yet. Don’t come to me crying for help. I warned ya.” He grinned and led Dean over to one of the tour busses, introducing him to a few crew members and helping him settle. Before Dean knew it, they were hitting the road on route to their next gig.
“Och, what are you even talking about?” Rowena frowns and touches his arm, then she recoils back. “Oh, Dean.” Her expression softens. “Oh, honey.”
working. “You got ten minutes to get ready. Afterwards, I’m leaving without you, and you’re going to bed without dinner.”
Dean took one look at him and wiped his hand, then he pulled up the sheets and wrapped both arms around Castiel. “Sleep, then shower,” Dean suggested.
“Meg’s not gonna hurt me,” Castiel protested. “She’s not as bad as you might think.”
He was left alone with Castiel and unsure how to act, hands still held out in front of him awkwardly. Then Castiel took a step closer and reached out to him.
Dean rubbed at his eyes and when Castiel loosened his arms, he rolled away to stretch his whole body, wriggling in bed until he felt fully in his own skin again. Cas had a way to make him forget and feel like he was wrapped up in a peaceful bubble. “How long was I out?” Dean asked.
“To collect it. But not to install anything on it once we realized it was clean. Because we’re still the FBI. Can’t just go and illegally spy on you.” Jimmy tapped his fingers against the mug. “We’re not the CIA.”
And now he would quit because Dean had abused his position. Or worse, he’d quit because Dean hadn’t fulfilled his expectations. Cas probably didn’t expect him to be so needy. So snivelling. Begging so easily. It wasn’t what someone like Cas truly wanted. He’d hit on his boss, so Cas was most likely the one who wanted to be laid out across the desk and be taken, not be forced to do all the work, and because Dean was such a fuck-up he had just immediately rolled over and offered his own ass.
“That’s still…” Dean started but Castiel shut him up with a kiss. Dean wrapped his arms around his neck and leaned down, their tongues tangling languidly, no rush behind it for now.
They both went under, but Dean quickly resurfaced, slashing at all parts of the Kraken he could find until the Kraken stopped wailing and the sea around it was drenched in his blood. Even then, Dean kept slashing away until eventually Ana approached and placed a calming hand on his arm, whispering something to him that Castiel couldn’t hear. Dean stopped and turned around, letting Ana lead him back to the boat.
“Cas, be careful,” Dean warned him and Castiel rolled his eyes. Of course. He didn’t actually want to fall and test his suit’s protection.
“And who are you to make that call?” Dean snarled.
Cas shook his head again. “No. She’s too powerful. I have to…” He bit his lip, looking down. “I have to leave.”
“Shit, Cas,” Dean yelled, trying to pull off, but Castiel had anticipated this and followed his movements, staying firmly locked around Dean’s cock, ready to swallow his seed. “Goddammit,” Dean cursed, spilling into Castiel’s waiting mouth.
“Oh, uh, sure,” Cas replied a little too quickly, avoiding Dean’s gaze. “Of course. Don’t worry about me.”
Of course, it didn’t take long for the unit to catch up with them. Castiel was the first to spot them, since he was the only one who kept turning around, but when he tried to alert the rest, Cole whacked him over the head with his gun. Now disoriented, Castiel stumbled along, watching helplessly while the Marine officers spread out strategically while Dean was still focused on leading his crew forward. By the time the first bullet started flying, Dean’s crew was almost fully cornered.
Castiel laughed and Dean peaked at him through his fingers. His head was thrown back, exposing his throat and the three day stubble that covered his skin. Dean licked his lips, trying and failing not to stare. “Oh, Dean.” Castiel looked at him, eyes twinkling. “Then that’d probably be me lying here, all dehydrated, needing to be taken care of.”
“Thank you,” Dean beamed when Castiel dropped it off in Dean’s office. “That’s perfect.”
“And a vanilla cupcake,” Cas called, leaning onto the counter and eyeing the pastry display.
Castiel smiled into his cup as he drained it. This was exactly what he’d been hoping for. He had it on very good authority that five of Dean’s crewmen had recently gotten arrested, same as he knew that Dean would be reported to the Navy very soon. Hell, he had already been reported as most likely coming in today. But almost every time the Navy tried to arrest him, Dean had slipped out in the ensuing scuffle. And the handful of times they had managed to capture him, his crew had always come to break him back out before his sentence could be carried out.
It looked equal parts powerful and peaceful. And easy. “Why didn’t we start with that?” Dean asked, approaching him. “I can do that.”
The first time he’d seen the Adelie penguins, he’d snapped a selfie and promptly sent it to Dean.
“Because you’re more motivated since we kissed?” Dean chuckled. If Castiel started accompanying him on supply runs again, they could kiss a lot more often.
“My ex back in college?” Dean started, phrasing it as a question. “He’d get real mad at me sometimes. Saying I’d made him look gay by hanging out with me, because I was too, well… I looked like a twink.”
“I don’t know why my dad picked you back then…” She started, looking out the window. “Probably random. But that job you went down for? He’s the one who framed you.”
Maybe it was good that they’d brought Dean in this early, so they could get in front of this and keep an eye on him, in case anything else popped up. Castiel should keep close to be able to provide him with a plausible alibi for anything that might surface next, and Dean did have valuable connections. So far, Dean hadn’t really ratted anyone else out, but Castiel was sure self-preservation would win out over old loyalties, especially if Lilith had thrown him under the bus first.
Dean hummed. “And there’s no way to get rid of him?”
“I have been a model employee for those stupid bastards. More than. Even though they never really let me code, because oh, a hot girl like me definitely shouldn’t be in the hole down with the ugly nerds,” Odin ranted and Castiel had a feeling that was a direct quote. “I’ve still helped as much as I could. All the while looking like this.” She pointed at her beige coat, black dress pants and flower-print blouse, then lifted up a foot to flash her Louboutins.
Dean turned towards the deep voice and couldn’t help but feel a rush of warmth spread through him when he saw that Castiel himself had come to his rescue. He’d been told that it was a high honor if Castiel talked to you directly. So far he’d definitely noticed Castiel watching him, but other than his initial welcome, he hadn’t yet been graced with his presence.
His warning caused Dean to look at him instead of behind him though and from what Castiel could see, the sword had made contact with Dean’s shoulder. Dean winced and fell to the side. Ana yelled and fired at the ghost, kneeling down next to Dean.
“Just call if you need anything, ok?” She assured him. “I’m only fifteen minutes away. If the walls start caving in on you, call. We can meet outside. Balthazar doesn’t have to know.”
, if he said nothing. “If you go, I wanna go with you.”
didn’t just seduce me to get access to my chambers.”
“Right,” Dean frowned. “Because in the office I’m your boss.” He remained on his side.
“I don’t understand what that has to do with anything,” Jimmy interjected. “I’m not down in the hole either.”
The next day, Bobby greeted him as soon as they stopped. “Castiel scheduled an interview with you today. Hope you came prepared, it starts in 30 minutes.”
And that’s when the snake launched its first attack. There was a big bump against the hull and they stumbled but remained standing. Dean quickly checked on the rest of his crew, then faced the sea again. Another bump, and another, but the ship remained intact.
Odin rolled her eyes. “What? You want me to throw in a fake passport, too? Access your account and buy your own.”
Jimmy smiled but shook his head. “Maybe next time.”
They still didn’t seem too convinced, so Castiel decided to add a little guilt and mention his Zoom. He addressed Dean specifically. “Unless you want to dress up as my sex kitten and parade around my screen for my students next time…” Castiel trailed off when he noticed Jimmy’s raised eyebrows and Dean’s sudden flush. He groaned. Wrong tactic. “You would, wouldn’t you? Forgive me for forgetting about your exhibitionist kink for a second.”
In reply, Dean got on all fours on the mat, flattening his torso and sticking out his ass. “Like this, right?” He asked coyly.
“Oh man. If I wouldn’t have had twin fantasies before…” Dean joked, a little confused when they didn’t laugh with him but instead Cas immediately shut down and Jimmy started squirming in his seat. “Uhm, sorry. Bad joke?”
That night, he was exhausted. He’d made trips to the forest twice and then went back down to the trees to collect the fallen fruit and Castiel’s helmet. As soon as Castiel had it back, he put it on and touched the herbs Dean had found and brought back on good faith. From what he could tell by now, Castiel’s helmet could actually analyze them somehow. After a while, he found some leaves that apparently pleased him and he started to chew on them.
, leader of the Farm. Dean blinked the sleep from his eyes and suddenly startled. Castiel, the leader of the Farm. He was here on a mission, not to get cozy with his target.
His smug feeling didn’t last for too long. They’d gotten lucky and discovered Jessica hiding out at Garth’s place. But before they could even begin to question her, bullets went flying through the window and Dean pushed him down to the ground. “Stay!” Dean barked and pulled out his own weapon, aiming for the window.
Funny enough, they were all extra happy to talk to Dean and hoped he could help take care of Castiel, so maybe he wouldn’t need Meg around anymore. Dean was a lot nicer and Castiel smiled more now that he was around. Dean tried to not let it get to his head, but he couldn’t deny that it felt good to hear. He could’ve used that kind of trust in his first few days here though, when nobody would really talk to him.
Castiel quickly slid off to the side to get away from her and the door simultaneously. “Of course,” he said, trying to sound steady.
“Just say it,” Castiel prompted, when Jimmy had still not started.
“Alright,” Anael concluded. “Try that Winchester guy. He’s too much of a blank slate for comfort and we couldn’t get a warrant for his place. So go and kick up some dirt.”
Castiel turned on his heels and was halfway out of the alley when Dean caught up with him. “Wait. What about the girl?”
“As long as we don’t actually use me,” Castiel shrugged. It had some potential. Anything to boost Dean’s traffic. But pictures of himself definitely wouldn’t do that.
He even knew that Dean hated small talk this early in the day. It had only taken him three days to stop asking him any further questions until mid-day. He sighed. “Thanks, Ang… Mr. Novak.”
Dean made a derisive noise, but he smiled ruefully. “If you ask my father, yes.”
“Gotta trust you, huh, buddy?” Dean remarked, but took the offered fruit and bit into it. It tasted really sour and didn’t smell nearly as good, but whatever. As long as it was nourishment.
Still chuckling, Dean patted Castiel’s cheek and Castiel scoffed. It was… condescending. He liked pliant Dean a lot more. “You better drink all of the tea I made you. And now I regret that I didn’t make it taste worse.”
charming.”
Cas shook his head. “It was stupid, really. I had written a code and was just trying to see if it would work. I thought Odin would get a kick out of it. I didn’t realize just how secret her identity was. How secret it had to be.”
Dean passed a hand over his face. “My supervisor is gonna have my ass over this case.” Maybe he could get around to disclosing this little tidbit. He looked at the tea again. “Thanks though. Now I have something to hand over when I meet Henriksen…” He glanced at the clock. “In an hour.”
“You,” Dean replied. He didn’t even care how.
“I’m sorry you got kicked out for helping me, Cas.” Dean couldn’t even promise he’d make it worth his sacrifice. There was nothing he could offer.
Castiel rolled his hips sensuously, promising more, but after a few more minutes, he pulled away. “You make me forget myself,” he whispered huskily, then looked up at the sky. “If we’re quick, we can make it back to my room and still get to dinner on time.”
Castiel shrugged. Yeah. Alfie’s dad was a state senator. It had been a risk, but they were estranged and his dad would not have tried to get him out, unwilling to risk the scandal. Apparently it still worked in his favor now. “I don’t know how to thank you, Dean.”
“I guess I was… hurt,” Jimmy finally admitted. “You took something private and you made it public. It felt like just one more sign that you were pulling away from me.”
After the visit to the disturbing sweat lodges, Dean and Castiel went to dinner.
Dean couldn’t comment on that, but he hoped it was true. “Did you tell anyone about your money problems? The old Odin?”
“Was that a question or a demand?” Jimmy asked with a grin.
Dean surreptitiously glances in Charlie’s direction and glares. If this was the last time Castiel comes by because she’s spooked him, he’ll never forgive her. “Getting a pet is a commitment. I get it.” Dean is still holding the pig and petting him himself now.
“Well, it’d be a lot harder to isolate in the Florida Keys.” Castiel joked.
“Oh, fuck, you’re that guy. Ana told me about you.” The girl shielded the chicken in her arm even more.
“No, Cas,” Jimmy bit his lip, playing with the label on his beer bottle and peeling it partially off before smoothing it out again. “I enjoyed myself, too. I just… I guess I got insecure.”
Castiel wrung his hands together. “I… I can read clothing. There is no clothing here.”
Just as he’d reached it, Dean entered the cave again, carrying firewood and two fish that hung from the end of a long stick. “No, Cas,” Dean chastised him immediately. “Keep the pressure off your leg!”
Dean grunted. “Your brother came by again.”
“Dean, I…” Castiel hugs him back, but it turns stiff after a while. “I‘m sorry. I thought this was what you wanted?”
Castiel ended his session in a handstand, tilting his legs in various ways, and Dean could do nothing but stare. It wasn’t just amazing how long he could stay in the handstand, but he didn’t even wobble when he moved his legs. Castiel’s shirt had ridden up, exposing his belly and abs and with a jolt of jealousy Dean had to realize that he was not the only one staring. Quite a few of his students had given up on following Castiel’s poses and were just openly admiring him.
“Are you sure?” Charlie asked, giving him a look he couldn’t place.
“We were on a break!” Dean interrupted her.
Alfie was a chipper trust fund baby. Rich, old father; his mom left them when he was still little. Or rather, his dad had exchanged her for a yet newer model but kept him because he was the only heir. He’d been looking for connection his whole life, finally finding it when he’d found a flyer for one of Castiel’s private spiritual guidance sessions.
Dean gave him a soft smile and slid under the covers, lying down next to Castiel and moving into his arms. Castiel moved in, nuzzling him and stroking his cheek, simply caressing him languidly without initiating a kiss. Dean closed his eyes and leaned into it, hand clutching at Castiel’s shirt.
Cas’ look grew more heated, calculating. “Yes, we shared.” He nipped at Dean’s lips and Dean figured he was off the hook for now. Now he knew and… could fantasize accordingly. But Cas kept talking. “Is that something you’re interested in?”
Dean grumbled but put the recorder back in his bag, getting out his laptop instead. He could type fast.
sorry that it led to Castiel lavishing him with extra attention now. “I think… I think I’ll do ok in the kitchen now.”
“Don‘t worry,“ Castiel patted Dean‘s thigh. “For what I have in mind, I just need you to lie there.“ He winked and got up, grabbing two bottles of water out of the minibar before making his way to the bedroom. Dean just watched him go, only following when Castiel called, “You coming or should I start without you?“
Dean’s face contorted and Castiel bit the inside of his cheek. A well paid desk job was the dumbest cover they could have given him, seriously. Not only was his body way too muscled for that, but it didn’t fit his whole personality.
Jimmy subtly glanced at the clock, wondering if he should stall Anael a little more. Did they have enough to convict? One of Castiel’s hacker friends had promised to do a deep dive once she was distracted and in their hotel room. She also hinted she’d take care of that account under Castiel’s name in the Cayman’s. Jimmy didn’t want to know more about this, neither did he want to know who the person helping them was.
By the time Castiel came back just wearing lounge pants, Dean had slid back under the covers. He perked up when he saw Castiel though, realizing that last night he’d been way too out of it to really appreciate Castiel shirtless. But now he looked his fill.
“Can I get a cupcake too? Vanilla?” Jimmy batted his eyelashes. “Cupcake flavor is the only time that I prefer that.
Dean touched his shoulder. “Thank you, Cas. I wouldn’t have been able to solve this case without you.”
“You’re magic with those, by the way,” Dean remarked. “I felt awful last night, and it usually takes me much longer to get over a cold, let alone the flu.”
“Lonely,” Jimmy replied. “I mean, the job is good. The money is good. But… I really fucking missed you.” It was a risk, but Jimmy decided to be honest.
Shit. How the hell did Meg know? “I have allergies,” Dean quickly lied. “I’m afraid of having a reaction and inconveniencing you.”
. And taste. And… He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. When he opened them again, Dean was staring at him, dazed, swaying on his feet. “You ok?”
“My point is, you’re both adorable kittens,” Charlie added. “And I get to say that, because I’m a lesbian.”
“Told you not to flash that,” Ruby chastened and stuffed Dean’s crew badge back into his pockets. “After that stunt Cas pulled last time, I’m surprised they didn’t claw your eyes out. Especially Lisa over there.” She nodded towards the girl Cas had been talking to two nights ago, if Dean remembered correctly. “Did he not warn you?”
“Safe,” Castiel said, smiling encouragingly.
They went back to the bunker and the next day, Dean cut himself shaving and it bled all over the sink until Castiel kissed him better, which led to Dean fucking him up against the wall. But he’d always had the strength to do that, so everything was fine.
With a nod, Dean snuggled back under the covers. Castiel watched him and then was about to go settle in the chair, but Dean was patting the bed, looking up at him hopefully. “Still cold,” he tried.
The next day, they went out for breakfast as planned and Dean had his egg white omelette while Castiel devoured a stack of pancakes. Afterwards, they went grocery shopping together, making steaks and veggies for a late lunch, because Castiel had still wanted to bend Dean over the couch and coming back from the store was apparently the perfect time for that.
“How about you?” Dean asked. “You poor? People at home you need to care for?”
“But if you gave up Odin?” Charlie asked.
Castiel closed his eyes and nodded. “I think they have eyes on you. Odin warned me you were coming just before you entered the coffee shop. If they know you’re investigating them and are trying to use me to take them down, they’ll strike first.”
“Can you… not receive?” Castiel asked. “No egg for you?”
Jimmy closed his eyes and took a deep breath, clearly biting back his reply and counting to ten in his head. Castiel was a little proud of him. He’d only had all of their lives to learn that tantrums would not make Cas cave. But he still forgot. Often.
“No,” Dean protested. “I want you to just sit here, remember?”
Castiel started rambling into the pillow when Dean refused to speed up his thrusts and Dean smiled against his neck. This was the best way to wake up and he tried to prolong it as long as possible. When he finally gave in and went as fast as the position allowed him to, they were both sweating and writhing on the sheets.
“I love you, too,” Dean interrupted him. “I just… I didn’t think you… or anyone…” He sniffled, looking away again.
Cas had meant to slowly lead them on, one part of the allegory at a time, but a quick glance up confirmed that Dean and Jimmy were still going at it, and he knew he wouldn‘t be able to concentrate well enough. Dammit. They should know better than to mess with his lessons.
Castiel walked into the interrogation room carrying a ridiculously large file. He had no idea why this Dean Winchester guy was still walking around freely and not doing time, but he was here to change that.
“Tell Sammy…” he started again, then realized that even if he was heard, there were so many people in this battle, they probably didn’t even know who
It worked better than he expected and Dean’s breathing evened out in no time. The poor boy really must have been exhausted. Castiel got as comfortable as he could while cuddling with Dean and listened to his even breathing until he could follow him into dreamland.
“Sounds wonderful,” Castiel smiled encouragingly. “Go take your shower, then we’ll pick something.”
“I know who you are,” A second officer replied. “What assurances do we have they won’t kill you anyway?”
Adding two slices of toast for each of them, Castiel served their food and took a seat in the other high chair across from Dean. “You look good in my clothes,” Castiel remarked unexpectedly.
“What did I do?” Dean frowned.
“Do we have to
Castiel shakes his head and hands the pet back reluctantly. “I shouldn’t have come in here. I’m not ready yet and now it’s gonna be harder.” He sighs.
Castiel was surprised by the follow up. Dean could see it in his face. “I fired my stylist,” he replied dryly.
Refocusing on Dean again, instead, Castiel sped up his thrusts. When he felt himself getting close, which was regrettably too soon because it really felt fucking amazing, he angled the vibrator to push straight against Dean’s prostate and then kept it there while Cas’ cock continued to piston. Which meant that on every stroke in, Dean was stuffed full.
“What? No!” Dean clutched at him. “No.”
Castiel sat down across from Dean and watched him eat. If that stupid man would not take care of himself, then Castiel would. He just cared about his boss too much at this point. Which was dumb. Dean was
Jimmy grinned, mood lifted, and Cas sent him a soft look. “I’ll make sure he never forgets it’s my cupcake and that won’t ever change.”
“Who’s taking care of you?” Dean prodded. It couldn’t be Meg. He had initially thought they were a couple, but they were much too different. Meg was way too mean for Castiel. Dean wondered why she was even here.
“Oh, fuck no.” Dean’s eyes widened. “Brother.”
Dean frowned, shaking his head. “No, not fat. Twinky. More than now.”
“Uhm.” Dean almost dropped the bean he was about to pop in his mouth. He stared at Castiel with big eyes, but then closed them, taking a deep breath. “Yes. Thank you, Angel.”
had been Dean’s reply along with a bunch of heart eye emojis.
“Ah, but it isn’t anymore, is it?” Odin tapped her fingernails on his small table. They were long and painted a dark red. He wondered how she could even properly code with those. It required fast typing.
“Couldn’t hurt,” Dean replied, uncurling a little. “Don’t wanna get rug burn on my ass.”
She nodded. “Nothing but a bruised ego left, for now.” She smiled, but it seemed tired. Looking a little closer, Castiel spotted deep bags under her eyes that hadn’t been there before. Maybe Dean wasn’t doing too well after all, and she was very worried.
“Why are you in here, anyway? Who are you?” The person petted the chicken comfortingly and Castiel finally took a closer look, realizing this was yet another red-headed girl, but she had short hair like a boy. Maybe it was to be better disguised.
“Don’t worry about it, Dean. You’re our newest recruit. It takes a while to get into the flow of things,” Castiel reassured him. “Besides, this way I have an excuse to keep you in my bed.”
“What?” Cas pulled the card back and sure enough, it was sporting his own name. “You signed me up for a credit card?”
Afraid to ask, Castiel stroked Dean’s cheek instead.
“Seriously?” Castiel frowned. “I’m sorry he’s harassing you.” So far, Jimmy was always gone by the time Castiel arrived, but that kind of made it worse. He didn’t want him in his spaces. He definitely didn’t want him near Dean.
Jimmy sniffed and tried to turn away, but Castiel held him steady, searching for eye contact. Eventually Jimmy returned it and nodded a bit. “I know,” he sighed. “God, you fucking suck so much.”
. You are… the best thing that‘s ever happened to me. You…” He swallows again and would like to avert his gaze himself now, but he can‘t. He needs Cas to believe him. “You‘ve changed me, too. I didn‘t fully realize it until you were just gone. Again. But this time you left me with hope.“ Dean reaches one hand down, clasps Cas‘s hand. “I thought you were this ethereal being and I could never… could never have you in the way that I wanted.“
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Oh please. This is not a crime movie. You make it sound like there’s a hired assassin on my tail.”
When they made it up to the room, Dean raised his eyebrow towards the bed suggestively, but Castiel held him back. “I wish we could just stay in and spend the next few hours in bed, but Mildred might need me tonight. I can’t skip dinner.”
It was, but ever since Castiel’s earlier confession about the song, Dean was fantasizing about Castiel on his knees. “How about
Castiel swallowed hard and looked at him again in that exploring way of his. Once upon a time, it would have warmth spread all through him. Now it just made him nervous. “Do you?”
Once they’d been far enough away, Dean couldn’t hold in his laughter anymore. “Dude,” he exclaimed. “That was awesome.”
Castiel almost ducked his head, but instead he stood a little taller. He looked good in his uniform though. He knew that much. “Listen, I’m not going back, but I am proud I made Commander. I earned this uniform.”
She nodded. “You think they’d get you for your… other activities?” In that regard, she knew a little more than Dean. She worked in IT support, but she wasn’t a coder. She definitely wasn’t a hacker, but she wasn’t stupid either. She could tell that most of the charities or causes she mentioned suddenly had spikes in their funding. They never talked about it, but he noticed she’s stopped mentioning them so much. Probably trying to keep him out of trouble.
“Uhm, nobody. And it’s not a club I was keen to join.” He slumped in on himself. “And you must be mistaken. My powers are shit.”
Castiel nursed his ale and tried to avoid the eyes of the suspicious bartender. He knew it was unusual for a pirate to drink as hesitantly as he did, but in his defense, he’d expected Dean to be here by now, and he couldn’t afford to get drunk and botch his assignment.
He was saved by Ruby stepping in between them and shielding Dean with her body. “Ladies, ladies... and gents,” she added, looking at the small crowd gathered. “If you rip him to shreds, neither of you gets their pass. Look at him. You’re scaring him off. One at a time, please. And thank you.” She rolled her eyes and grabbed Dean’s hand. “And I’m first.”
Cas bit his lip and nodded. When Dean was almost in the bedroom, he called after him. “Bring some towels, too.”
Next, the ghost was aiming for Ana, who gritted her teeth, suddenly looking eerily otherworldly herself. Dean raised his pistol with his good hand and fired, but not before the blade struck Ana.
Dean frowned. What the fuck? “I don’t know if I should be offended because you keep insulting me or sad because you apparently met a lot of assholes in your life.” Dean handed the joint over and stood up. “And I don’t have to declare myself to you, but for the record, I’m bi but receiving isn‘t my thing. I do, however, really enjoy sucking cock. Too bad you’ll miss out on my skills.”
“Fuck,” Dean tried to muffle his voices against the pillow. “Your tongue.” It felt even longer than when they had kissed. But just as dextrous and magical. When Castiel added first one and then two of his fingers as well, Dean was humping the pillow beneath his hips, knowing he shouldn’t come too soon, but unable to stop himself.
“And it’s not over yet.” Castiel added, mostly meaning himself, but Dean’s face lit up. Castiel couldn’t help but smile back.
Dean didn’t make it easy for him, face blank. “Me and Cas, what?”
Rowena pats his arm again, this time not flinching back. “Not like I wouldn’t enjoy some company, and having a Knight of Hell by my side could actually do me some good, but…” She looks around and leans closer, whispering. “I was always rooting for you and I’m not gonna stop now.”
Castiel stole another kiss, then he sat back in wonder, unsure if he’d got this right. “You’re really going to wait for me for three months? Even though we just met?”
Dean held his gaze, his eyes looking for something. He must have found it, because he brightened up a little and nodded. “I’ll… try.”
“Fuck that,” Castiel tugged on his hand to keep moving. “I haven’t seen in you in two weeks. You can have a quicky in the car on the ride over to our hotel.”
He didn’t see much more because the ghost came back with a roar. Dean and Castiel fired at the same time and it bought them a little more time. Another quick glance back saw Ana dipping the handle of the sword into the puddle of rum, then Castiel was forced to turn back to fight off another attack.
“I’m sorry for hurting you,” Dean whispered. “I wanted to tell you sooner, but… I was just really afraid.”
After breaking it off with Jimmy, he barely had time to take a deep breath before Cas was in his lap, claiming his lips for himself. Cas was pulled off of him by Jimmy, who dragged Cas in by his hair for another kiss between the brothers. And just like that, they had forgotten all about the initial rules they had set and no more commands were necessary.
“Not. Safe.” Castiel pronounced more clearly. “For Dean.”
After Micheal, Dean didn’t have relationships anymore. It had broken him. He just couldn’t go through it again and he was convinced that anyone else would leave him anyway. If
Castiel growled before he could stop himself. His mind had never been clearer, never more focused. “You’ll find out, I guess.” He couldn’t just turn around and storm off like he wanted to, so he logged into his computer and checked emails, then continued his senseless research on those legacy apples until it was time to leave for his yoga class.
It was his last thought before he crashed into the enemy fighter and lost consciousness, missing how both ships tumbled down together to crash on the nameless planet below.
“Yeah…” Castiel still pretended to be sad. “And I know you said you want to stay with me wherever I go next, but what happens if they send you on another undercover assignment?” He placed his hand over his heart. “I would be so worried for you, Dean. I couldn’t stand the thought of not being there to take care of you, to
While he was browsing the menu, deciding on a Caesar’s Salad and two kinds of sandwiches for later, Castiel realized that Dean had probably seen the last site Castiel had opened, which had been for a therapist in the area specializing in food disorders. Shit. In any case, Dean hadn’t mentioned it and he didn’t look too thrown. Maybe he didn’t have time to read and thought Castiel was looking for a therapist for himself.
“I should have seen it.” Castiel sighed. “I always prided myself on being able to see auras and read people. And I wish I could have built it all up myself, but I am just not good with numbers and forms and the whole business side of things.”
Od1n: Don’t worry about it.
Cas stopped eating again and Dean felt bad. Maybe he should wait until he was finished. “Is that what my brother said? Too clean?”
“No fucking time, ok?” Dean yelled back. “Lighting up the mast will work. If the ship burns they’ll vanish with it.”
He shouldn‘t. He knew they‘d only just met and their lifestyle didn‘t bode well for a relationship, but… right now Dean didn‘t want to think that far in advance. Castiel was half laying on his stomach and half on his side and when Dean pulled down the blanket a little, his perfectly shaped ass was on full display.
Dean felt a lot better than last night. His headache was mostly just a dull throb in the background and his stomach felt queasy, but not like he needed to empty it. Hopefully he’d just need to put some food in it instead. Castiel’s tea blends apparently really did the trick. Dean shouldn’t praise him too much though or he’d have to drink what was basically flavored water all the time.
Jimmy frowned. “No, you did no…” Wait. He’d just always assumed. Jimmy could actually not remember a single instance of Cas using either pronoun, because he didn’t pay attention to it at all. Now if he’d ever used the female form, yes. That would have rung a bell. “I didn’t get it, sorry,” he amended.
Dean nodded. “Can you help?”
“Nonsense,” Castiel protested. “I’m here to listen to whatever you have to say.” He reached for his quilt and wrapped it around Dean. In response, Dean pulled his legs up on the couch and turned so he sat with his back to Castiel’s side. This felt unsatisfying and Castiel propped up a few pillows for himself before he laid down as well, legs around Dean but Dean back in his arms.
.” Castiel said simply.
He kept saying shit like that. And Dean meant it, too. He was way too good a person for Castiel to come and corrupt. “Have I told you lately, how happy I am that we met?”
Dean flushed and looked down, picking up his own spoon. “I’ll tell you later.”
Castiel stood up quickly and shooed them again, but that caused them to screech and attempt flight, which didn’t work in the closed-off cabin. But the flapping wings caused a cloud of dust and feathers, and Castiel sneezed a few times in rapid succession. Apparently that scared the chickens even more, and one of them tried to outright attack him.
Dean shivered, feeling a little weak in the knees. He wanted to do
They’d hired Jimmy, after all. And while his brother had some skills, he’d never been as gifted as Cas. Which was why he’d also never been a real suspect, back then. It had always just been Cas. Cha0s. Because he’d been infatuated enough to use the dumb nickname his brother had given him as his actual handle. Because he’d loved to be Chaos.
Castiel was nowhere to be found and Dean couldn’t resist. He found an empty spot and joined in himself, relieved when everyone just smiled at him. He joined in on the next song, getting a little more confident until he was harmonizing along with Inias, not even realizing the others had gotten quieter. When the song was over, Inias smiled at him, holding out the guitar. “You wanna take the next one?”
?” Dean’s voice had risen an octave. “Seriously. What the hell? Maybe I’m a crook, ok, but I’m not a criminal. I would never…” He trailed off, appalled. “Some of them are just
“Ah. Should I remind you of the specifics of our deal, then? Perhaps we start by taking that cute new crew member of yours?” Rowena stated, her gaze suddenly on Castiel and Castiel gulped.
Castiel tilted his head. He’d only just gotten back, he wouldn’t have left again so soon. Unless it was vitally important. And now that he thought about it, he’d had to leave a lot in recent weeks. He silently vowed to be more hesitant to accept new missions.
“Are you sure?” Charlie asked. “Because if they know you’re what’s keeping them from jail…” Castiel realized she had picked up on his use of pronouns a lot quicker than Jimmy, who still used ‘he’. But that was probably for the better.
“I am,” Castiel huffed. He sank down on his elbows and rubbed his nose against Dean’s, sinking in a little further. “You feel so good, Dean. So tight and warm.”
Castiel scowled and grabbed his towel, then he flinched. “Did you… peek in on us?”
“It would be my pleasure,” Dean replied honestly, accepting Castiel’s offered hand and feeling giddy when he was being led out of the kitchen. As soon as they were out of earshot, Dean had to ask though. “What about Meg? Isn’t she pissed you keep choosing me?”
“Yes, just like that,” Castiel told him. “You’re doing so well, Dean. You make me really happy.” He pressed a little on his lower back to get him into a deeper stretch. “And you had a point earlier. Soak in that sun. Feel it fuel up your body with renewed energy. Just like you’d soaked it up from the Earth through your feet, you’re now absorbing it through your skin and with your breaths.” Castiel made sure to breathe deep and evenly, so Dean could follow.
“In the shower,” Castiel told him. “But… I didn’t really masturbate a lot before you got here either. It just…” He shrugged. “Wasn’t high on my list.” Castiel was telling Dean the truth. He never had experienced too much sexual desire. It seemed to be exclusively tied to the right people and so far, there’d been only three of them, Dean being one of them.
“No, I mean it,” Dean leaned back in his chair. “I do trust you. You’ve been pretty good to me so far.” Dean’s eyes widened and he flushed. “I mean…”
Meanwhile, they all risked getting breakfast in the diner across the street. They’d leave here soon enough and not come back. Dean got into an argument with Garth, who vehemently refused to go with anyone he didn’t know. And he didn’t trust the police in general. Dean tried to convince him and even threatened him, because as witness to a crime he wasn’t allowed to leave state lines, but Garth countered that there had been no crime and he wasn’t pressing charges and he’d deny everything.
Dean held his breath, waiting for Castiel to wake up, but he seemed dead to the world. With a smile, Dean slid down on the bed, peppering Castiel’s back with featherlight kisses. When he reached his destination, Dean spread Castiel’s legs carefully, pleased when he rolled fully onto his stomach. He carefully slid a pillow underneath Castiel’s hips, amazed that he had still not woken up. Or if he had, he was very good at pretending to still be asleep.
“That’s certainly a plus,” Dean agreed, already missing the touch. He considered putting down his sandwich and demanding more skin contact, but instead used the promise of more to motivate him to finish eating his dinner.
“There’s my good boy,” Castiel crooned. “Let me see you fall apart.” His movements had gotten even more slippery due to their combined pre-cum and he used it to undulate his hips, thrusting his cock into his fist and having it rub against Dean’s own trapped erection. Meanwhile Castiel’s thumb was still playing with the head of Dean’s cock, applying more and more pressure, and even though it was smooth, his skin was still callused and rough and Dean just couldn’t hold it in anymore.
“Dean, what did you do?” Castiel asked, climbing back into bed. He had to process this.
Castiel tilted his head. Did she know he planned to turn them all in to the authorities? But then she pointed at the chickens and he relaxed. Oh. “What do I do to make them less… angry?”
Dean flexed them experimentally. The bandages were pulling in places where they were probably crusted with blood, but otherwise they felt better. “Ok.”
“It’s the Fallen Angels’ tour.” Castiel replied. “And yeah he can. He’s Bobby.”
“Could have told you he wouldn’t help.” She sighed, wrapping her arms around herself. Guy Two turned to comfort her, but she suddenly froze up, her eyes turning white.
look for a table.
His afternoon yoga session went a bit better and he was almost completely lost in the movements, feeling energized and refreshed when he was done. He bowed and looked over his followers, biting back a smirk at the exhausted faces some of them were wearing. Yoga was hard work when you were starting out. Wearing them all out was part of the program. Exhausted minds fell asleep fast and didn’t think too many dangerous thoughts.
“I don’t need you. I never have.” Castiel didn’t even raise his voice. He didn’t have the energy to get properly angry. Besides, they had had this conversation countless times in the past already. “So can you please just go?” He finally faced Balthazar, who looked back with so much pity, Castiel quickly averted his gaze again.
Feeling incredibly relieved, Castiel placed the bowls back on his table and pulled Dean further into his side, watching the documentary with him. He wasn’t sure if either of them actually paid attention, but it was quiet and cozy.
Dean reached out to touch Castiel’s chest. “Thank you for trusting me.” It might be a problem for some of his followers. While they all had a hippie vibe around here, free love wasn’t quite the same as following a gay leader. Most of the people at the Farm had conservative backgrounds, for all Dean could tell. That’s why they were so drawn to it. It was different from their normal lifestyle, most of them never having had to do menial labour in their lives.
Dean nodded and sat down next to him, drawing him in his arms and making him lie down. “You just gave birth. You should rest.” The time for the both of them to sleep at the same time was over, though. Dean would most definitely stay awake and watch out for their egg.
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel nodded eagerly. “I will try my best.” Since they were his books in his safe, it would be easy enough. He’d already prepared them accordingly, hiding the money he planned to keep and funneling everything else into accounts under Meg’s name.
“Presumptuous,” Castiel scolded him with a chuckle, scratching him with his stubble again. “Maybe I would like to see your ass all red.”
Castiel smiled and took it from him. “Can’t deny that I’m a little excited. But is it ok? Or will the next agent coming around confiscate it right from me?” He technically wasn’t allowed to have it, after all.
Dean cut him off. “I know, I know. Spare me the vegan lecture.”
Dean looked over at Castiel with worry. He’d liked it a little better when he’d been pressed up against him instead of on the very far side of the car. He checked the rearview mirror for the other two passengers again but they just glanced back in mistrust before huddling together on their own.
“Oh,” Castiel pulled himself up and further away from Dean. “You’re right. Let me put that oil away and make you more tea instead.”
He glanced longingly at his couch but then gestured towards his kitchenette. “Let’s sit down.” Castiel would rather be opposed to him than right next to him for whatever was to come.
left, after Dean had changed so much just for him, did everything he said, took everything, every bad word, every “accidental” bruise…
Cas chuckled, probably at whatever crestfallen expression must be gracing his face. “For what it’s worth, I hate how you found out, but I’m glad you know. From this point forward, I want to be fully honest with you, Dean.”
He should have had more restraint than to look again, but it was compulsory. Jimmy had pushed two fingers in alongside the plug, and Dean was biting his lips bloody trying to keep the noises in. He really was such a good boy. Jimmy, on the other hand, was a little shit. Castiel surreptitiously moved in his chair and adjusted his pants, very happy for the crappy, close angle of his laptop’s camera.
“Hey,” Castiel crawled up with him, cupping his cheek and stroking his hand down Dean’s neck. “I was referring to this morning, just so you know.”
“That’s awesome, Sammy. I am proud of you.” Dean closed his eyes and squeezed the bridge of his nose. Now what was he going to do in his too big apartment all alone? He could hear Sam take a breath and probably prepare for a longer speech, but Dean couldn’t take much more right now. “Listen, I gotta go. Talk to you later, ok? Merry Christmas.”
The night before, he’d stopped by Castiel’s place once more. He wasn’t even really sure why. Call it instinct. Or maybe he’d realized just how fucking inredibly much he’d missed him that he had decided to speed up their re-connection process a little by bringing him his very own computer so he could continue his work, even when he had left The Good Bean. They were on a clock now and it would also be a show of trust. At least he’d hoped it would be received as such.
?” He didn’t expect Castiel to actually do it, but he just disentangled himself and dropped to his knees without another word. “Oh fuck!” Dean cursed as deft fingers opened his jeans.
Dean half turned, then quickly whipped back around. “By which I did not mean you should be the one to leave! If you want me to throw him out, I will.”
Once he’d gotten rid of Dean’s pants, Castiel slowly kissed his way up Dean’s legs. Then he stood back up, swinging Dean’s legs over until he was lying fully on the bed, and climbed on to join him.
It was a rough affair, but Dean couldn’t say he didn’t get off on it. His cock was probably the one leaking the most and after rubbing his hand over both of their cockheads a few times, collecting the precum, Castiel was able to move his hand faster.
Finishing his coffee, he decided to call it a day in here and do a deep dive on the owner of The Good Bean.
Dean looked at him cautiously. “I don’t understand why you want me to eat.”
“So, what? I’m going back to jail?” Castiel tried very hard not to get up and pace. His palms started sweating.
Castiel stayed where he was for a minute, just looking at Dean and hoping he would change his mind, but then he gave up and went back to his own desk with a sigh.
“Let’s get you into bed,” Eileen orders and Sam just looks at the hand she’s offering for a few seconds before taking it and letting her lead him into her bedroom. Once he’s sitting down on her bed, she quickly fetches him a bottle of water.
“I’ll top that up for you, yeah?” Dean asked, already grabbing Castiel’s coffee mug.
She was right. They would not go down together.
“What?” Dean demanded to know.
“Right,” Dean’s mood shifted a little. Cyber crime. He was here to pin something on Cas. And maybe even Dean himself. He turned to make the Americano but halfway through he realized something. “You never asked for my wifi password.”
“You’re so good to me, Cas. This feels so good,” Dean praised, placing his hand back on Castiel’s head. He was just keeping it there, a comforting presence, not meant to direct or force him.
“You did so good for me, Dean.” Castiel nuzzled him, their hands interlaced with Dean’s arms stretched out in front of him. “You held out, just like I asked. You were such a good boy for me.” He kissed his cheek. “I love you so much.”
Dean mumbled something unintelligible but continued brushing. He was a lot more snarky like this. Castiel was partially amused but also a little taken aback at the disrespect. He wasn’t used to it anymore—from anyone other than Meg anyway—but he had
So they mostly chatted in the one hour Castiel would’ve spent reading before going to bed with a few random chats in between. It worked out fine. And since it was late enough for Balthazar to not randomly open a video chat and check in on him, they could even progress in a more naughty way to use their video chats. - Castiel refused to ever again talk about the one time they were getting there and Balthazar did a random check-in in the first week.
Castiel gratefully accepted and took a large drink, calming his nerves. Then he remembered that he didn’t have the highest tolerance and last night had already been almost too much for him. “Am I reading it… here?” He asked.
“Since you pretended you knew anything about hard labor, nursing your one ale with those delicate hands of yours.” Dean explained.
“No, you’re not,” Castiel quickly reassured her. “Meg is. Or, well, we suspect it.” He waved the bag again. “Dean is gonna give it to a lab for testing? I don’t really know how it works. I’ve never had to deal with…” He lowered his voice even more. “
Castiel smiled and finally let himself relax, sinking back into the seat. They didn’t talk for the rest of the drive, because they were not alone, but it was also just nice sitting together quietly, hyper aware of where their fingers touched.
“No,” Castiel rasped. “But I found another clue and it shouldn’t be long now.” He got up and walked towards the brothers. “You’re hurt.”
“Jesus fuck,” Castiel couldn’t hold it in anymore. “Dean I am so sorry you obviously dated an abusive asshole.”
Dean looked down, biting his lip but staying still, waiting patiently for what Castiel was about to do. With a wink, Castiel licked a long stripe along the underside of Dean’s cock. He decided to tease him a little and continued with kitten licks all around his cock, avoiding the sensitive head until Dean started trembling and had to put his hands on Castiel’s shoulders to steady himself.
“They should,” Castiel replied gratefully. “Thank you, Dean.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, voice a little stronger. “You’re ok. We’re ok.” With a heavy sigh, Castiel rolled over, pushing Dean until Castiel was hovering above him. “What does it take to quiet your mind?”
“It sure is,” Dean informed him haughtily. He actually wasn’t so sure, because he hadn’t taken anyone home in forever. If the itch had gotten too strong, he usually just had anonymous sex in one of the health clubs with a back room for these kinds of hook-ups.
“The shooter came from that side of the street. If we’re lucky he’s not fast enough packing up his sniper gear before we get into my car.” Dean explained, already herding them into the stairwell.
“What for?” Sam frowns.
before.”
“Isn’t that just for marriage?” Castiel asked, not as alarmed as he probably should be, because Dean
“I’m sorry, Dean. I don’t know if I understand those words yet, but… we had sex?” He tried the last word. “Last night? Don’t you remember?”
Castiel bit back his reply that obviously, he
He wasn’t sure which of them leaned in first, but next thing he knew, they were kissing. It started as a violent clash but then Dean’s hands came up to fist in Castiel’s hair and it made Cas moan and press a knee between Dean’s legs and press closer and the kiss turned deeper, more a tangling of tongues than a clash of teeth.
Castiel had expected this question. “None like you,” he reassured him. They had reached the lodges and Castiel pulled Dean behind the building, so he could back him up against the wall and touch his cheek, like he’d been craving to. “The others got spiritual guidance,” Castiel explained. “You’re the only one who gets private yoga lessons, the only one who ever got to stay in my room, and
“Yes, thank you. It was very gratifying,” Castiel replied and Dean flushed even deeper.
“When do you leave? Maybe that might also be a great start to brighten my mood.” Castiel got out a mug and watched his coffee trip, hoping if he ignored him enough, Balthazar would vanish. Sometimes it worked.
He got out on the ground floor to take the bus home while Dean stayed to take two more levels down to get to the parking garage. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Dean.” Castiel said, just as the doors were closing on him, finally answering the question from earlier. Dean smiled in response and gave a quick wave before the elevator dinged and continued its descent.
Dean grinds his teeth and decides to swallow his pride. He literally has nothing left to lose. “He’s in there, because of me. And I can’t…”
“Let’s check the food.” Castiel was quick to answer, leading the way back to the table. He opened one of the plates and quickly closed it again. “Fuck’s sake, Donna.” He covered his face in his hands.
“Or you can just come visit me. You don’t have to be sick,” Castiel added.
“I love you,” Castiel said, kissing him again.
“Oh, honey.” Mildred gave him a pitying look. “Because that door would not stay still with people offering to care for Castiel if I had told them he was ill.”
They organically found their way into the bedroom, getting undressed on the way, and after some back and forth, Cas was on his knees, getting fucked by Jimmy while his head was buried in Dean’s crotch, Dean’s cock down Cas’ throat. Dean was sitting up against the headboard, petting Cas’ hair and doing his best to let him take charge and not just thrust into his throat like he desperately wanted to while he watched him being taken by his twin.
. He kissed Dean softly to bring his point across. “I want to take care of you and I want you to just feel good.”
“Dean?” Castiel continued to move on autopilot while Dean shook against him. He tried to pry his arm away, but Dean just shook his head. “Dean,” Castiel repeated, phrasing it more like an order.
“You know we don’t go against hacktivists,” Jimmy felt the need to defend himself. “We catch serious criminals. Maybe if you wanted to come see, work for us…” That deal had never been on the table, but Jimmy had a little sway. Maybe he could pull something.
Castiel gestured for him to come closer and positioned Dean in front of him, hands going to his waist. “That is why you’re ultimately here though, right? My guidance?”
“Yeah, that will really make a difference,” Castiel deadpanned. “I’ll save so much money, not having to get you your own yoga mat.”
“No job is perfect.” Castiel remarked. “Who would you like to see, if you could choose.”
“And now that you’re here?” Castiel prodded.
However, when he finally arrived, he discovered that his pod had exploded and was still burning out. Fuck. If he’d still been in there…
“He’s dreamy, isn’t he?” Joanna smirked at him when she put down his new ale.
Castiel flushed and let himself slump backwards, covering his face in his hands. “Fuck.”
Dean held up his rum in toast to that and downed it. Just as Ellen refilled his glass, a lanky guy had joined Dean’s side and Castiel silently cursed. He should stop watching and take action.
His screams turned to wails and soon enough he had shrunken down to almost nothing, all his tentacles seemingly burned off. He wasn’t quite dead, though, and the mermaids came up again, trying to attack. But the Kraken was almost completely bundled in the net by now,  and Ana seemed to be the only one to really come close.
“That’s my job,” Jimmy replied, sadly noticing that this made Cas pull even further away from him. He really wished he could stay and talk this out before it began to fester again, but he had to go and finally report to Roman.
“Oh?” Dean asked, gathering Castiel in his arms and holding him close. Castiel was avoiding to look at him and that just wouldn’t do.
Castiel blinked, suddenly flustered. “Of course, Dean. You’re important to me.”
When he joined him, Dean had already found a picture with Jessica and the victim in it as well as the other people from the time piece along with a few more faces. They were standing in front of Jessica’s shop, smiling.
“Grumpy,” Castiel scolded him, but he sounded amused. He interlaced his fingers with Dean’s and then used his hips to pull out and thrust back in, swiveling them just so and it rubbed Dean just the right way.
They stood still, facing each other, and breathing in sync. A sense of peace fell over Dean like he’d rarely experienced before. He closed his eyes to feel it even deeper and his lips morphed into a bright smile. Dean might now understand why Castiel liked this so much. It was… serenity.
“You really don’t want to push me.” Castiel wasn’t in the mood.
Four days later, Dean was feeling really itchy. He couldn’t quite explain it, but something was thrumming under his skin and he had this absolute need to drag Cas into his room and do dirty things to him. Which, to be fair, he always low-key wanted to do that, but now it was an urgent
Castiel shook his head and tried hiding again. Instead, Dean wrapped him up in a hug, mindful of his leg and let him tremble against his shoulder. It was about time one of them had a breakdown. He rubbed soothing circles on his back until Castiel had calmed down a little.
“I’m a pirate now,” Castiel replied, taking off his belt just as Dean reached for his pants.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Dean refused, wrapping his arms around himself and moving his head so Castiel’s hand fell away.
Dean looked at him for a long minute, sucking his bottom lip between his teeth, seeming to contemplate something. His face changed to an apologetic mask and Castiel knew where this was going. “I can’t. If I don’t finish this spreadsheet, it’s gonna haunt me all weekend.”
. His rules.
Castiel tried very consciously to relax. “You got us. We were just debating if we should draw a mustache on you or a penis.”
Dean cocked his head. This actually made it a little easier. Not because he didn’t trust Cas to stop anything if he said no, but this way he could keep an eye on Cas and make sure he was really ok with this. Because he didn’t want Cas to do anything he was uncomfortable with just because Dean was horny. “Yeah, ok,” he agreed.
Castiel smiled. “If you need me to go with you, or pick you up after, or come over, or anything else…”
Castiel was left with his mouth hanging open, sword limp at his side. Did the snake just… Did it eat Dean? He looked at Ana, who was focused on the sea and suddenly the snake reared up again. Castiel clutched the sword and crept closer, ready to strike if it attacked once more, but the snake flopped back on the surface of the water then reared up and contorted its body like it was fighting something on the inside.
“Dinner?” Dean looked at his wristwatch and flinched. “Sorry, Angel. Go home. Don’t let me keep you.” This was another new thing Dean did. Calling him Angel. Coming from anyone else, Castiel might be offended, but Dean didn’t make it sound sleazy. He sounded grateful. And Castiel just ate it up. Dean probably didn’t even realize that using the phrase made it impossible for Castiel to leave him now.
“Hey Cas,” Dean replied, moving in for a brief hug. “How was your shift today?”
“No way!” Castiel was the character on their knees? That made it even better. Dean beamed, happy he was right that it was about two guys. But then Castiel mimed sealing his lips shut and Dean looked at his lips, catching up with the message here. And fuck. First his thick thighs and now his sinful, plush lips? Dean moved forward in his seat, trying to hide his growing erection. As he was struggling to come up with the next question, he realized Castiel had bested him again. He was too distracted to think of a good follow-up.
Dean waited, but Cas didn’t elaborate. “Tell me what?” Dean snapped, imagining the worst, of course. Tell him that he was going to go back to being only with his brother? What?
When Dean had gotten out of the shower that morning and found the tea Castiel had left for him, his whole body had tingled with warmth. He’d been tempted to hide back under the blankets and breathe in Castiel’s scent, but then snapped himself out of it, got dressed and went to work. He wasn’t that far gone yet.—Especially since Castiel would know he’d stayed in and Dean would have to explain why he didn’t go to work and the embarrassment would just be too great.
Cas glared at him, but continued. “Of course we managed to sneak a peak in some forbidden magazines or catch ‘impure’ movies.” Cas added air quotes around impure. “But... I don’t even really know how it started, since we’ve always been close. Always tactile. Because our parents never were and… well, we did have each other.” He shrugged.
“Perfect,” Castiel said, happy Dean had stopped protesting. “Next I want you to do a plank. You might already know that one?”
A spark lights behind her eyes and she smirks. “Why, Dean, what would you want in that drab place?”
But the second his mouth was full, Benny, who was sitting next to Dean, interjected, “Besides, if anyone gets dibs, it’s our Captain here.” He nudged Dean and Castiel almost choked on his rum.
“You could be snuggling with us right now, but instead you decided to interrupt my lesson.” Castiel shrugged and opened the buttons of his slacks, reaching inside to finally free his aching cock. “And I know you were gonna prepare Dean for the both of us.” He waited for Dean to get into a better position before he reached out to spread his cheeks. “And look at how open our boy is, Jimmy. So ready to take the both of us.”
“Yeah?” Dean asked, trailing his fingers over Castiel’s arm.
“No touching myself, or you’ll know,” Jimmy finished for him, giving him the middle finger and leaving the room.
“Oh fuck, yes.” Castiel put his cup away and made grabby hands. “I’m not too proud to admit that I definitely missed those.”
Burying his head in his hands, he tried to take a few deep breaths to calm himself. Castiel would surely help him calm down with one of his teas or just his soothing voice combined with his gentle touches. But Dean couldn’t go out there and explain.
“Dean will be in charge whenever he wants to,” Cas announced in an authoritative voice, looking from Jimmy to Dean. He missed the filthy wink Jimmy directed Dean’s way as soon as he’d turned away. Jimmy was right. Dean would probably not want to be the puppet master next time. He wasn’t sure how he felt about Jimmy being able to read him so well. He should be glad though, seeing how they were about to actually make this a thing.
“But cute,” Castiel replied.
When Dean released Castiel’s hand, Castiel leaned in for another hungry kiss, sharing what was left of their combined taste.
The next morning, Dean was up before him and woke him with a steaming mug of hot coffee at his bedside. Just to make this even harder than it already was. Castiel bit his lip, sitting up a little and reaching for the mug. He inhaled deeply before he looked at Dean over the rim of the mug. “Good morning.”
Ana turned it over, examining it. “Don’t let the ghost near it,” she instructed Cas, reaching for her belt and handing him her pistol. Then she knelt down next to Dean again, who was also keeping his pistol trained, and reached into her pockets.
The sixth bead took a little more effort. Castiel threw the lube at Jimmy and made him squeeze more at Dean’s pucker. But he wasn’t allowed to rub it in; that was a privilege reserved for Castiel. Jimmy looked equal parts enraptured and miserable.
Castiel shrugged, conceding. “I thought that was what we both wanted. If you didn’t… you could’ve said?” Wait. Had he coerced Jimmy to participate in those threesomes? He couldn’t even remember if Jimmy ever really slept around without him. Castiel had been a little too drugged up at those parties. He’d always just assumed they’d both had their fun, even when they ended up in different locations. “Did you not want to? Did I…?” He couldn’t say it out loud.
“Yeah, I was informed that a few members of our congregation have fallen ill,” Castiel told him.
a federal agent,” Anael replied, straightening herself. “And this is a travesty. You should arrest the real bad guy here. His name is Castiel Novak and I can testify to his crimes.”
“Yes. A snickers isn’t bacon,” Dean defended himself before it obviously clicked for him. “Oh.” He shrugged, chagrinned. “I was hungry, ok?”
“I don’t know,” Jimmy admitted. “Not by us, but… Cas. We’re at the point of better being safe than sorry.”
“So I can come?” Sam asked hopefully.
“You’d know this better than me?” Castiel asked, coming up from where he’d been nestled in Dean’s neck.
Castiel draped the pelt against some stones and secured it best he could, then cut off a hunk of meat, ready to zap it with his gloves. It would take a lot of his suit’s energy, but after the short time charging it in the stream this morning, he should be fine. However, before he could do it, Dean joined him and put the meat on a sharp stick.
Dean swallowed a joke about Castiel counting the hours, because it was kinda sweet. “Exactly,” Dean replied. “And I don’t want you too wiped out to properly welcome you back.”
“Your guess is as good as any.” Charlie shrugged. The kid’s body was unnaturally contorted but there were no scrapes or bruises to indicate a fall. The bruises might show up later though. They’d had to wait and see. “Might be a broken neck, but I can’t confirm until I’ve run some x-rays. For all intents and purposes, this body is in pristine condition.”
Dean pretended to consider it. “At least the police won’t be able to see my browser history when they search for my killer,” he replied after a brief pause.
“The whole week has been overwhelming, huh?” Castiel tried again and Dean finally nodded, his shivers subsiding.
The atmosphere between them felt strangely charged, all of a sudden, and Castiel decided to change the topic. “I’m almost done with this book. Do you have another for me to look into?”
Castiel surreptitiously glanced around the café. Dean didn’t have any security cameras, but she could’ve accessed any other device. He wouldn’t put it past her. Ever since he hacked in on her, she definitely returned the favor.
“Even so, does that give you the right to go hook up with her arch-enemy?” Bela lowered her arms and crossed them in front of her chest instead.
Dean glared a little when Cas took up the lead, but seeing how he could only raise a gun with his left hand, he didn’t say anything. They fought their way over to the Impala; the ghosts no longer rematerialized when they were hit, but there were still so many of them, it didn’t make much of a difference.
Maybe he should sneak away once they’ve docked. Try telling his supervisors what he’d learned and get Dean off the wanted list. But fighting sea monsters didn’t change the fact that he was flying the pirate flag, and Dean had had quite a few altercations with the Navy, even sinking a few ships.
“Maybe I like twinks,” Castiel teased him, trying to lighten the conversation. “And what does that make me anyway? A bear? Are you saying I need to shave, Dean?” He rubbed his chin across Dean’s neck. It was only a one day stubble, but it caused Dean to let out a choked laugh.
Castiel was all alone, partially lit up by the stage lighting but mostly in the dark, his energy barely contained. He jumped again and Dean couldn’t help it, he got out his camera and snapped a few pictures, if only for his own private collection.
Castiel snorted. “Not gonna give you any more of my shirts if you keep mistreating them.”
Dean chortled and Cas threw popcorn at his brother. “It’s never the time for that.” Jimmy looked like he was about to protest and Cas held up a finger in warning. “Never.”
Jimmy nodded, sweeping the place again. “It’s cozy,” he remarked.
Castiel cocked his head. Jealous of which one of them? A day ago he would have bristled and probably gotten up to leave, but he just kicked his brother under the table conspiratorially. “I’m glad you’re here,” he told him.
Castiel took a sip of his now-cold coffee, wondering if he could bother Dean for another refill without overstaying his welcome. He glanced up at the man behind the counter chatting happily to another customer, hips subtly swaying to the music as he packed up a few cupcakes, and realized he was being silly. This was Dean. He’d happily top him up for free all day and still thank him for coming around. Dean was just too good for this world.
“Why not?” Dean replied stubbornly. “Do you… not want me to?” The last was added in a quieter voice, because… did he
Castiel dozed a little, but Dean was still asleep when he grew restless. He carefully extracted himself and slid out of bed, finally disposing of the condom washing up with a washcloth. He looked at himself in the mirror and realized he was sporting a dopey smile. It only made his smile grow further and he wetted the washcloth with hot water, going back into the bedroom to clean up Dean.
She raised a perfectly sculpted eyebrow. “That’s a damn shame. Who else are you willing to take down with you this time, Chaos? Your brother got off easy last time around. I don’t think he’ll be so lucky now.”
He was about to roll to his side, but Dean tightened his arms. Apparently Castiel wasn‘t too heavy then. “Shower?” Castiel suggested.
Castiel was delighted when Dean snapped and pushed him up against the wall to claim a heated kiss. He took a hold of Castiel‘s hands and pinned them against the wall over his head so he‘d stop teasing him. “You want another round or a hot burger?“ Dean asked.
“You know of my mission?” Castiel had assumed it stayed with his immediate superiors.
Castiel looked towards Dean gratefully, surprised when he was beckoning him over to his table. Once he’d reached it, he didn’t dare sit down, but Dean raised an eyebrow and pointed at the barrel across from him. Dean himself was sitting in a real chair.
“Clarence.” Meg’s voice carried a clear warning. He couldn’t push her further.
A slow smirk appeared on Dean’s lips and Castiel tried to steel himself. “Actually, I was wondering if I could help you… destress a little.”
“Is there something wrong?” Castiel cocked his head, looking concerned. “Meg has told me you’re not eating well. Anything I can do?”
Castiel chuckled and tried loading the image attached to the second text again. The connection was there, but slow. He smiled brightly when it finally showed. He’d expected a lot, but Dean snuggled under a warm blanket, holding one end up while snapping a fully clothed selfie was not it. He quickly saved it and made it his new lock screen, because it was adorable.
him. But then he thought of his burned-out ship and how the Tin Can had let him go earlier after possibly saving him, and… before he knew it, Dean aimed for the vines and fired.
Castiel stayed in the car. Which was a good sign. He didn’t say anything though, just continued to look at him. Finally he nodded. “You gonna drive me home, or what?”
“But you just don’t want me around too much?” Jimmy guessed.
Castiel nods. “That must be hard for you.” He cocks his head. “So you really care for the animals?”
Dean chuckled and punched Castiel lightly in the shoulder. “Seriously though, how do you masturbate?”
He could feel Dean’s chuckles reverberate around his dick and it made him whine. Dean didn’t tease him for long, he went right to taking him deep, using just a hint of teeth on the upstroke before sliding his cock between those velvet lips again, all the way back down. Castiel could feel himself start to shake and buried his hands in Dean’s hair to get some semblance of control back.
Sam is offended. “He was the son of two hunters. Did you want me to leave him defenseless? Besides, we encouraged him to explore his options. He chose this. To honor…“ Sam bites off and Dean knows he meant to say ‘you’. It‘s too early for this. They‘ll talk about this later. Maybe when this new Dean joins them.
“Refill?” Jimmy asked and Dean nodded.
“Let’s,” Cas agreed and tugged on Jimmy’s hair, angling his head in such a way that Cas could devour him and still give Dean a show. With a gulp Dean realized that this was even hotter in reality than in his fantasies. He reached down and opened his jeans to relieve the painful pressure against his dick.
Dean considered for a moment, then he cocked his head. “That errand this morning? So… my brother is the assistant D.A. And I put in a good word for you.”
Castiel made sure Dean was fast asleep before he grabbed the documents and left his room, depositing them back in the safe in their office before Meg would notice anything amiss.
Castiel closed his eyes. “Dean…”
The blinking chat window reminded him to not lose track of where the fuck he was when he was using Dean’s computer. He closed the chat on Odin and looked for a few cat videos to send to Charlie instead. If those relaxed him as well, it was just an added bonus.
“Ugh,” Castiel groaned. “How are you a writer? That was cheesy as fuck.” He kicked out, lightly hitting Dean in his thigh.
He wasn’t sure if Anael had known they were recording or if she just wanted to rile Cas up against him, or maybe she wanted to blow up his relationship with Dean? Either way, he’d make sure she wouldn’t succeed.
“No, it’s ok, Dean. I should’ve asked you to stay away from the other tea,” Castiel replied.
Balthazar jumped in front of him, facing Castiel and held up both hands. “Ok. Do what I do. Now!”
“Hmm, Dean,” Castiel hummed, nuzzling into Dean’s cheek. “My sweet boy.” His hair was tickling Dean, but it just felt too nice to move away.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Castiel informed her. Then he tilted his head. “Well, he is not stupid, that is true. But he’s predictable. And if he won’t drink the tea, well I’m not stupid either.” He raised his eyebrow, letting Meg come to her own conclusion. It wouldn’t be the first time they’d spiked a bottle of water. Or the whole batch that Dean had stashed away in his room.
Dean shook himself out of his trance but put his gun away. The alien was still just sitting on the ground looking at him, making no move to kill him. So he decided to trust him. For now.
“Pleeeease?” Sam tried his best puppy dog face.
“No,” Jimmy tried again. “I really am his twin brother.”
Castiel nodded and applied a lotion to Dean’s hands, carefully rubbing it in but keeping his touches light. “I hope so.” He reached for fresh bandages. “If not we’ll find something else.” Castiel stopped, cupping Dean’s cheek with his free hand. “I want you to flourish, Dean.”
Dean could even tell himself that he had to stay for his job. That quieted the voice inside that told him to flee down a little. After all, he wouldn’t quit his
“Jesus,” Castiel cursed. “I’m gonna call the EMTs. I should’ve done this right away, but I saw you lying here and just…” He trailed off.
Dean scratched the back of his head sheepishly. “Sorry. Didn‘t know Anna had a girlfriend.“
“No, it’s…” Dean paused upon seeing Castiel’s concerned look. Dean was being a selfish asshole here, wasn’t he? “Nothing. I’m sorry, Cas. How are
The next day, Jimmy came over to watch a movie, but the atmosphere was charged and neither of them really wanted to decide on what to watch. In the end, they just turned on the TV and chose a classic channel, which happened to play Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. Dean and Cas were sitting on Dean’s couch, close, but not really touching, and Jimmy was in the armchair.
The reaper just looks at him with a raised eyebrow. “Honestly, Dean? Most of us were betting on alcohol poisoning or at least killing yourself by passing out and cracking your head on that map table.” She shrugs. “I personally thought it’d be your gun. Shame for that pretty face, though.”
Benny turned out to be the cook and he put Castiel to work immediately, peeling potatoes. After he was done with that, he was led to the cabin that housed the chickens to acquaint himself.
“It makes sense,” Dean replied. “You told me she does all the bookkeeping. She’s the one recruiting. You said she wanted the sweat lodges. I think she’s been using you just as much as she’s been using everyone else on the Farm.”
Castiel could feel goosebumps rising and dammit. Dean was using all of his own best tricks on him. “How do you feel about the beach?”
Finally there was a knock on the door, and Castiel whispered, “Showtime.”
Dean reached up, playing with Castiel’s hair thoughtfully. “You’re really not mad that I’m going to shut down the Farm, are you?”
Once in Dean’s quarters, Sam dumped him on the bed and then excused himself, telling Castiel to call him if he needed any help. “We did it, Dean,” he whispered to his brother, before he left. “He’s dead. You did good.” Dean slowly seemed to be more responsive and he returned his brother’s gaze. “You made her proud.” Dean smiled a little at Sam’s parting words and then slumped back onto the bed.
“Jimmy. To what do I owe the unexpected…” Castiel trailed off casually. “I wanna say pleasure, but we both know I’d be lying.”
His brother smiled at him and reached over to squeeze his hand once again. “Alright, let’s look at apartments together.”
“Dean,” Castiel moaned, kissing him again. “Dean…” He couldn’t finish and dove in for another kiss. Finally, he pulled back and rested his forehead against Dean’s, breathing heavily. “We should move this to the bedroom.”
Castiel laughed, pleased. “You didn’t have to prove that you actually ate it, but I appreciate it.” He smiled and cupped Dean’s cheek. “Well done. I am proud of you.”
With nothing really to do anymore, Castiel made his way back below deck. He was still on kitchen duty, he assumed. He ran into Ana on his way and she stopped for a moment and clapped him on the back. “Thanks, Cas.” She lingered, about to say more, but apparently deciding against it.
“Oh, I didn’t know you’re familiar with yoga,” Castiel said and it took Dean a second to get it. Positions.
She quickly caught herself and glared again. “Yeah? Well maybe you’ll get shot in the back during the inevitable raid.”
Next, Castiel placed a pillow under his hips and Dean turned his head to the side, closing his eyes and letting out a deep breath, sinking further into the mattress, silently happy that it looked like he wasn’t expected to perform right now.
Lost in thought, Castiel hadn’t noticed Dean approaching. When the other man placed a hand on his shoulder, Castiel reacted without thought. He grabbed the hand to shake it off of him. But in touching the detective he instantly opened the connection Balthazar had been hoping for.
“What would that entail?” Castiel asked, reaching for his coffee again and clearing his throat.
“Nothing, actually. As soon as I’d started explaining the situation, she seemed cheerful and said she’d be on her way.” Sam shrugged.
Dean stopped and frowned. “How can the baby make it better? Shouldn’t it suck your energy? You need to be more careful”
“What?” Castiel’s eyes bulged. “But if he was your ex… he was gay?”
“Punishment,” Castiel repeated, steeling himself. It would be punishment for the both of them, but more so for Dean. Castiel knew what was coming, Dean still seemed disoriented, lips shiny and swollen.
Castiel reached down to fist his cock but Dean denied him and snatched his hand to join his other above his head. “No, Dean,” Castiel protested. “I need…”
“Alright,” Dean sighed, glancing back behind the counter. Being his own boss should come with perks like getting to hang out with his friend more, but sadly the responsible side of his brain won out. “Enjoy, I’ll come back later.”
Castiel audibly sighed. “I wish. But the first time I’m going to enjoy you,
Dean was surprised that it was a very pleasant experience. Flavors were more pronounced and the texture of the mashed potatoes against the roof of his mouth as he slowly chewed was nice. He closed his lips around a carrot and just held it there, his mind immediately reminding him of other things he could put between his lips and he moaned around the vegetable before he fully comprehended what he’d been doing.
“Impressive, Dean, but not what we’re going for,” Castiel told him. He waited for Dean to get back in the plank and then he righted his posture again. “Straight back, build up tension here.” Castiel touched his stomach. “And breathe.”
Dean nodded, stone in hand and carefully examining the suit, familiarizing himself with the structure. He hesitantly touched Castiel’s thigh again; the suit didn’t zap him so he kept investigating with his fingers until he was satisfied. Then Dean took aim—from a lot lower than Castiel had been about to—and carefully smashed the stone into a crease.
A glance at his watch showed that it was almost time, so he straightened his tie and logged into Zoom. He’d given up on a jacket because he was at home, after all. But that was as far as he was willing to go, even if his students teased him about it. He was still their professor and this was still an official class. Virtual or not, there was decorum to uphold.
The next day, Dean got up early, sneaking out of bed and leaving a note for Castiel. He had to talk to Sam and his brother would likely be in his best mood when the day was just starting and nobody else had ruined it yet. Dean would probably be the first one to do so on this particular day.
They went home a little later and after a day of Cas mostly staying in his room and not unpacking anything, he finally came out of his shell on Christmas Eve. Apparently a friend of his parents’ had caught him kissing another boy and his very religious family had kicked him out right away. They told him he might ask to come back once he’d straightened himself out - literally - but Cas was determined to never go back.
Dean bit his lip. “Nothing to be curious about. I just need it for, uhm… phone calls.”
“You speak three languages?” Jimmy asked, a little dumbfounded.
And it worked out really well. Dean had stayed with the Fallen Angels for the rest of their tour. He had included a candid photo of him kissing Cas outside next to the trailers which Inias had taken in the article subtly, neither his headline nor his article screaming of a coming out. He’d discussed it all with Cas beforehand, of course. It was the most organic way possible and they’d both received praise for it.
Dean came to with something tugging on his leg. He groaned and tried to get it to stop because it fucking hurt—until his brain kicked back in and he realized that while he wasn’t dead, he definitely wasn’t in his fighter pod anymore. Blinking his eyes open had him reaching for his gun in the same breath, because a Tin Can, one of
“Thank you, Cas. I’m sorry that this will probably be the end of your Farm,” Dean said, biting his lip.
Castiel shrugged. “Yes, please.” Initial decision out of the way, he would’ve gone for a caramel frappuccino and a chai latte, but he felt like he owed it to Dean to make that choice for him. Besides, he was curious what he’d pick.
“Is it Jimmy? Has he…” Dean trailed off. “Are you going to jail again?”
Castiel woke up from his nap feeling a lot more awake than he had earlier, when Dean’s squirming woke him up. He couldn’t complain though. They had found a great way to get back to sleep. With a smile on his lips, he looked at Dean, who was still softly snoring on top of his chest.
Castiel and Dean looked at each other and Jimmy noticed Dean squeezing his brother’s hand encouragingly. “Could you, uh, turn on your scrambler if you have it with you?”
“Practising wiccan,” Castiel explained. “Though I wouldn’t be surprised if she’d been able to turn people into frogs.” Rowena had been something else.
“Rest, Dean. You need it.” Castiel ordered but when Dean was about to get up and go to his own room, Castiel pushed him back down with a firm hand. “No, stay. Let me watch over you until I’m sure you’re better.” Again, he made it sound like Dean would be doing him a favor by staying.
Castiel got up, brushing his hands down his trenchcoat. “That, Detective, was a time piece. I found it best to bring you along before you wouldn’t believe me.”
“I’m so sorry, Dean.” Castiel leaned in further, resting his head against Dean’s and watching the cartoon with him now. Dean put away his own salad bowl. Castiel was happy to see that he’d eaten all of it and he turned his head to kiss his cheek.
By the end of the day, Castiel couldn’t taste the coffee anymore. Dean was still protected against injuries. But they didn’t find any significant leads.
Castiel let out a deep breath and banged his head against the wall. God dammit. He had to reign in his own temper. The last time he’d felt this out of control was years ago. But he hadn’t just been teasing Dean for days now. He was denying himself, too and by now it was probably getting to him. And on top of it all, he’d have to come up with some bogus punishment for lying, instead of lavishing Dean with all the rewards he had thought about.
Then Dean was sent on another profile piece just as Castiel recorded his album and started a subsequent new tour to promote his album. And so far, it still worked out fine. They relished being cooped up together, but the both of them also needed to be on tour and work. And they were never really alone these days, with text and Skype and flights being cheap enough to spend a few days together in between.
“Mhm?” Cas replied, looking confused. “Oh.” He bit his lip. “Yeah. Was talking to the sandwich there, sorry.”
Jimmy smiled and leaned closer, as if he was telling him a secret. “Crime never rests, so neither can I.”
Dean did as he was told, doing his best to wet Castiel’s hand as much as he could. He already tasted like pre-cum and it helped, because his mouth automatically watered. What did it say about him, that this was a Pavlovian reflex? Castiel seemed to enjoy it though, going by the intense look he gave him.
“Dean.” Castiel didn’t say anything else. Just his name with utmost annoyance.
Dean immediately sat back. “Too fast?” he asked.
“You can tell the time by looking at the sun?” Dean frowned, distracted enough by that fact that he dropped his leg and followed Castiel without trying to prolong their make out session right now.
“The fuck?” The shooter yelled. “They didn’t tell me you had practical magic. But that won’t save you for long.” He pulled into his pockets and got out a weird black powder which he blew in the direction of his invisible shield. It disintegrated in front of Castiel’s eyes.
Dean gave him a crooked smile. “Sorry, buddy. I don’t know how it works on your planet, but have you never broken a bone before?”
“What? No, of course not.” Jimmy bristled. “I found it thirty minutes ago while I was doing another sweep. I can tell you it’s a new account because it definitely wasn’t there when I checked you last week.”
“She could’ve made them just for you?” Dean suggested.
There was more yelling and he followed the sound, hopefully towards Dean. A ghost slashed at his arm with something sharp and he hissed, briefly wondering why he was doing this and not hiding below deck on the Impala. Or letting Dean get killed. It would solve a few of his problems, but the mere thought hurt him.
“Tell me I really shouldn’t be doing it.” Dean winked, finishing his sentence. And Castiel just melted. Goddamn handsome, charming bastard.
Castiel hoped he wouldn’t suspect it wasn’t the flu after all. “See? You should trust me to know what’s good for you.” He smiled at Dean. “Like yoga.”
In reply, Castiel just thumbed off the safety, secretly glad that Dean had left it on. The gun could have gone off in the scuffle and hurt the wrong person. Or any person. His FBI-issued Glock, on his first undercover sting, fired by the suspect.
But it was too late for a lot of things. They’d never give him any higher positions. He couldn’t be trusted with real secrets. He wasn’t as good of a coder either to make himself indispensable. He was still a good agent and he had great instincts. Usually. He’d been blindsided by Anael, but he could work on that. Rectify his reputation.
“Yes? What did you expect? For me to die in a more glorious battle?” Dean asks, and to be honest, that would have been a much nicer way to go. But then he couldn’t have said goodbye to Sam. Dean’s pretty sure he’s not coming back from this one.
Jimmy was waiting for Cas and Dean in front of Dean’s place after Cas had called him with a cryptic message. He was glad he’d called him first, because ever since last night, Jimmy had been in inner turmoil.
He took a sip of his tea and unmuted his microphone. “Welcome to another remote Applied Ethics class. The good news is still that this whole fiasco should give you a lot of fodder for your upcoming theses.” He got a few chuckles in reply and smiled. Alright. Good start.
At this, Dean pulled back and cuffed him in the shoulder. “No, you ass.” Dean wiped at his eyes, struggling to get himself back under control. “You… you
Dean groaned. “You suck.”
“Do I look ok?” Dean groaned mostly into the bowl, but he turned his head to give him a baleful look at the end. “Goddamn flu.”
“Mhm,” Dean hummed. “Looking forward to getting under the covers and getting even warmer.”
So far, Dean had succeeded in cutting off two tentacles, but there were just too many. They’d counted on the firebombs having a bigger effect, and now it was too late to change tactics. They could try a hasty retreat and do more research, but Castiel had a feeling Dean would never forgive him if they stopped now. Besides, they’d read all the books they had already. There was no more research to do.
He squeezed around Castiel’s cock and Castiel grunted, biting down again, now simply rutting into Dean until he reached his completion as well. “Ugh, fuck,” he mumbled, letting go of one of Dean’s hands to touch Dean’s shoulder instead. “Sorry.”
Castiel nodded. “I just… I gotta sleep.”
Castiel put on his own boxers, not bothering with a shirt and went in search of his phone. While Dean was still occupied, he sat down on his couch and did a little more research on eating disorders, quickly closing his browser when Dean came back out, hair still dry.
“Do you want to be court martialed for having the great Samuel Campbell killed, or would you rather have another chance to capture Dean Winchester later?” Castiel tried.
She dragged him off into the room and only then did Dean realize there was an extra bouncer watching the entrance to where the food and booze was. That explained why this room was far less crowded now.
Castiel shrugged, pulling on the shirt. “Yes and no. It’s part of the ‘Castiel wants to keep you around’ experience.”
Balthazar smirked at him. “Like I said. No fun. Let me talk to the Detective a bit.”
However, when he entered the office, he knew immediately that this wouldn’t go smoothly. Most of the office was trashed, papers strewn everywhere, and Meg was sitting behind the computer, looking extremely stressed.
Billie gives him a look, then rolls her eyes. “I’m not taking you to the Empty.”
When they entered the hotel room, Dean didn’t know if he should laugh or be creeped out. Maybe he should start by saying the suite, because there was a couch area, a kitchen nook, a separate large dinner table and he hadn’t even seen the bath or bedroom yet. The thing was, there was also a bottle of champagne in a cooler, a dinner set up with fancy silver plate covers - and a lot of rose petals strewn across the room, leading the way to the bedroom.
Castiel blinked, able to snap out of his head. He took a deep breath and placed his hand on Dean’s arm. “Thank you, but I won’t know what I’ll find. Let me do this on my own. If I need help, I’ll get you.” He walked into the bathroom to clean up in the sink and Dean followed him.
The alien stumbled more frequently than Castiel and was walking closer by his side, the darker it became. His dull eyes probably saw less well in the dark than Castiel’s, he realized. What an unfortunate species. Yet the aliens matched them pretty well in battle. Just as the night noises grew a little too close for Castiel’s comfort and the temptation to reactivate his full suit became almost overpowering, they reached the edge of the forest.
Most of his cases had been drug related and he hadn’t seen any changes. They would arrest one person and another came along, taking their place. But building something in Costa Rica with Castiel? Helping the impoverished get back on their feet and have a better future? Or simply feeding the hungry? Worthy causes.
Dean shared that he himself never got a chance to come out. His mother died when he was four and he was bisexual, so in high school he played it safe. And before he gathered up the courage to come out to his dad, John had a heart attack. So when Cas shared his plan to defer college for a year and work to have a few savings until he went back, Dean told him he’d done the same. Which was why he would still be attending college at the same time as his younger brother. But apparently not at the same college anymore.
