'Obviously.'
Barney was floated, as he was an adult by then, and Clint was put into that tiny jail cell.
The Romanoff girl was talking to her quietly in Russian, trying to soothe her. Thor admired the redhead's nerves. He knew that no one in the camp would have done what she did to the delinquent who died from the acid burns. It took courage and an ability to remain emotionally stable, both of which most of them lacked.
He went over to Steve, who was looking through the supplies. 'Hey, this is pretty sweet. More knives, clothes, a lighter, is that a tent? Awesome. Water bottles - yeah, that's going to be pretty helpful - alright, this is actually really good for us - hey, Tony,' he said, finally realizing Tony was standing next to him.
Alas, fuck Steve, the mom friend who knew exactly when someone was unhappy.
'No, it's not. Don't even start. You don't know who I am, where I'm from, what I've done - you don't know anything about me, so don't start making assumptions or whatever -'
'Yep. Not anymore, though. After I pulled off that stunt with getting Val down to Earth they found me ineligible for the position and kicked me off. Even though it turned out to be for the better good.' Her voice was bitter.
He realized he could hear the conversation happening above them and he tried to listen while looking for the wires.
'Clint?' a familiar voice asked joyfully. It was feminine and definitely belonged to the girl holding his hand.
'What?'
'Are you serious? Did my motivational speech have no effect on you?' Bucky grumbled.
Thankfully he'd already walked half the distance to camp when they spotted the storm. They'd started running but it was faster and the front line caught up to Clint maybe six hundred meters from the camp, and he'd screamed so loudly he was pretty sure the others in the bunkers could hear it.
The heart of Mount Weather, or so it was called, was not bare like the other buildings they had seen on Earth. Its walls were made of concrete and steel, that was true, and electric lights were set into the ceiling above their heads, but otherwise it was completely different from the abandoned ruins of the others.
She paused and waited for that to sink in.
Thor hefted the hammer over his shoulder. 'It deserves a name.'
Steve heard violent protesting from inside the drop ship in Tony’s muffled tones, and then he heard a thud and all was silent. He heard someone punching buttons and then slowly the drop ship door ground open. Everyone tensed and Steve held out his arm to push back the other delinquents.
Someone was screaming for help and the others were all clamoring together. A crowd had gathered outside the drop ship. Steve furrowed his eyebrows and jogged over to the chaos. A girl was half-sobbing, half-shouting as she explained what was happening to those around her.
'Fuck you, Stark,' Clint shouted, but Romanoff pushed him aside and closed the hatch firmly.
When they all fell silent, he continued in a lower pitch.
It turned away and scampered higher into the foliage.
'You did say it was gorgeous, though,' Steve reminded him, and he grinned.
Behind him was Valkyrie, looking exhausted but extremely happy as well.
'That's great, then,' Tony said, smiling widely.
She jerked her chin towards where the massive blond was holding Rumlow in place, shouting something indecipherable from their distance. 'I don't get it. Why would anyone be so idiotic?' Bruce frowned. 'Yeah, none of us get it, either. Sometimes I feel like the human race got what was coming to it,' Pietro said unexpectedly.
'Okay, your disastrous love affair aside, do you wanna come with me and Clint? We're going hunting again, but this time deeper into the jungle. I think Nat's coming too but I don't know,' Bucky questioned.
Loki gave a short laugh, but there was no humor in it. 'You really don't get it, do you, brother? They hate me. The only person who ever loved me for who I am was Mother, and she's dead. Father wishes he never took me in, and Hela? I don't even think she knows I exist,' he said bitterly.
Thor raised an eyebrow. 'So, these patterns are visible to us at night?'
She had good news, though. All of the Helicarrier's mechanics and engineers were on working on the second Exodus ship - the bigger one - to get it ready before the oxygen supply ran out. Maybe if they could coordinate with another space station and send maybe a thousand people out of the Helicarrier they could get it done quicker and faster and could come down to Earth.
Tony tried really hard not to think of Clint bleeding out from his wounds. That spear had gone right through him. He wasn't a doctor of any kind and never claimed to be, but even he was pretty sure that was almost fatal.
'No, no, it's fine. Bruce needs to rest,' Clint told her quickly, and she relaxed a bit in her chair.
Tony crawled out of the bottom level of the drop ship and went around the side to where the doors were. There was a lot of shouting. He picked out Steve's as the loudest. He shoved through the crowd that was around the doors and managed to stumble inside.
im so happy \(´ω`)/ im going to go jump off a cliff, see ya on the flippity flip~
His excitement was infectious and Steve was laughing along with him without even thinking about it. Tony dug in his own backpack, pulled out a packet of nuts and he tossed some to Steve. 'Eat up, wonder boy, we got boxes to unpack.'
He'd looked down and he realized he'd been impaled.
He tried to think who would be holding his hand.
'That's not the only reason we got to stop Rumlow,' he reminded them, but they all looked confused. 'What do you mean - there's more?' Bruce asked.
'How did I not know about this?' Tony demanded, all of his snark gone in the face of this horror. 'My father must've known, he was right there in the inner circle - and he never told me! We were slowly dying out and he never told me!'
'Talia,' James said quietly, falling back to whisper to her so the others up ahead wouldn't hear.
They peered at the place she was pointing at. Sure enough, on the control board there was a chunk where the radio was supposed to be, torn wires poking out.
'I don't really know much. I was an outsider. They call themselves HYDRA. I think they came down to Earth around twenty years ago. They're working to take down SHIELD and the other nations in space. They used to live in the Helicarrier, but stole a drop ship and came here. There's still agents in space, though.'
'Great, the one time you're sassy it's to me,' he muttered, but his voice was fond.
He sighed and closed his eyes, sitting there in silence until somebody tapped him on the shoulder. 'Hey, you hungry?' a female voice asked. He opened an eye. 'Maybe.'
'I know,' he said softly.
Sure enough, there she was, with her cheeky smile, dancing eyes and wavy brown hair, gaze focused on his face, her fingers entwined with his. Behind her was Bruce, sleeping against the wall, with another girl Clint couldn't quite place - Betty Ross, he remembered.
'Hey.'
'Fuck,' Steve swore, taking it from Sam. 'This will take at least two days to fix.'
'Those were the bodies of three hundred people,' Valkyrie said soberly, and everyone turned to look at her, a hush falling across the camp. 'The flares didn't work. That, or we were too late. They did it. They opened the chamber. Three hundred people were just thrown into space.'
He heard one last thud and then angry yelling from Steve.
'Listen, I was talking to Rumlow, and he said that the only way HYDRA would be able to come to our camp is by crossing that bridge. The river is too deep and too violent in other places. They're most likely going to attack from there. Their main base is across the river and they have some outposts on this side, where Loki kept Stark, but the outposts don't have enough guards for a full-fledged attack,' Bucky said, his voice rushed.
'I mean... kind of? Depends on your definition of okay,' Steve told him, accepting the bottle he was holding out and gulping down the water.
Steve was setting up a launcher for a rocket flare when Tony sauntered up to him.
Tony smirked as though he knew the effect he had on Steve. 'Do I just fire now?'
'Why not?'
'HYDRA's inviting us to talk to them?' James asked, confused.
Thor scanned the other delinquents. They were all fucked-up. He knew that, they knew that - it was indisputable. But who was fucked-up enough to kill somebody... with no exterior motive? Most of the kids in the camp were there for theft, or petty brawls. He didn't think any of them were in jail for murder, but then again, he was no one to decide.
All bullshit.
'Pretty much, yeah.'
Steve gaped. Behind him were Thor, Bucky and Rhodey.
'There you go. You're a certified dumbass. Hitting you is part of the job description.'
'Tony, that's... that's terrible. I'm so sorry.'
'Guys?'
'I suppose I'll stay with my brother,' Thor finally said, swallowing the meat. Clint's eyebrows rose. 'You mean that kid?' He jerked his chin in Loki's direction. As if sensing he was being talked about, Loki looked up, saw Clint and Thor, narrowed his eyes and went back to doing whatever weird thing he had been doing.
'No.'
He opened a box and found blankets. Thick, coarse blankets, sure, but they would keep them all warm in the winter. 'There's blankets here!' he told Tony, a bit more happier than he was a few minutes back.
'Fuck you,' he replied angrily.
'Yeah, that was a few days ago,' he told her, and she reached over to smack the back of his head.
Valkyrie.
Exchanging a cautious glance with Jane, Thor peered into the drop ship and gasped.
And clearly almost a year in the jail cell had changed him more than he'd like to admit. He no longer joked around flippantly, no longer smiled at every opportunity he could, had frown lines on his face, almost constantly had bags under his eyes and generally looked like the delinquent they thought he was.
'Oh, yeah? And how are you going to stop us?' Tony asked him coldly.
Loki looked uncomfortable and Thor was about to step in for his brother when Steve said calmly, 'What's done is done, Buck. Not much harm was done. I'm okay now, aren't I?'
'Sure,' he told her, and her eyes lit up. He scooted a bit so she would have space and she sat down next to him, holding out the can. He peeked into it and saw squares of meat. 'Are you sure we can eat this without getting - y'know - poisoned? It's been there in the bunker for a century. I thought it would be rice, or something - not meat,' he said doubtfully.
He was dizzy. Very, very dizzy.
'I'm sorry, but I can't... I can't be in a relationship. It's not working out. For me. I can't do this, James, I'm really sorry, but -'
She was quiet for a few minutes before finally saying, 'James and I kissed again.'
'I mean, like - about Howard and Maria. Steve told me you saw them after you ate the jobi nuts.'
The not-darkness turned out to be a small underground shelter. It was quite homely, much to Tony's delight, with couches, a bed, a kitchen and a bathroom. There were signs of human habitation - plates in the shelves, broken toys on the floor, boxes full of supplies - but everything was covered with a thin layer of dust.
Something was off about it. It seemed to go in circles, its ears pricked up, but they hadn't made any noise. Maybe it had sensed them, somehow...
Which either meant he was hallucinating, dead or kidnapped.
Steve hissed in pain as they roughly pulled him along behind them. He could see kids around him fighting with the guards, crying and shouting, and their parents equally as crushed, but all of their efforts were in vain. He wondered if they would fight so hard if they knew where they were going.
Sometimes she really hated Clint.
'So make sure he doesn't get found out,' Bucky said matter-of-factly, and Thor turned on him as well.
'Take him to the drop ship,' Steve ordered, his words icy, his eyes hard. It was obvious he still hadn't gotten over the death of Mrs. Barnes. Bucky, who looked even worse, seized Rumlow by the arms and dragged him over to the drop ship, ignoring his yelps and whimpers.
i changed the name of the previous chapter and gave this one its old name so please don't skip this chapter, it's a new one
'That's terrible,' Bruce said quietly.
He may die, but he would die happy, and that thought was stuck in his mind as he returned fire.
'Hey,' he said quietly, placing both hands on Steve's biceps, turning him to face him.
'Not my fault you're a pussy, Barnes,' he mocked, and Bucky rolled his eyes. 'Says the only virgin in the camp,' he taunted back.
He didn't remember much at all. He knew he had been stalking that antelope - and then Natasha had called his name? He had been turning to look at her when suddenly his insides felt like they were on fire.
'I mean, we kissed,' he said, muffled, into his palms, 'and we're holding hands and are officially boyfriends.'
Steve said nothing. Tony, further angered by his lack of response, kicked at a barrel and it fell to the ground with a crash, spilling out grease, oil... and assault rifles.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
He was looking up at the sky when he saw something blazing its path down the ink-black darkness.
Either way, she wasn't going to break Thor's heart by forcing him to watch his brother in pain.
'You'd better come with me. We found another dead body, and it's not the acid.'
Steve shrugged. 'It's highly unlikely that there's a colony of well-functioning, spear-wielding assassin chimpanzees, so I'd say it was humans.'
He was working too fast. He accidentally sparked a few wires together and they made a sizzling noise, startling him and making him fall back onto the floor with a clang.
'I'm sorry.'
However, Steve still didn't know what the fuck he was going to do with Tony.
'Knowing isn't enough. Now it's too late. Rollins and Sitwell are dead, and the rest of your little friends will be, too. HYDRA's too strong. You can't stop them.'
'Yeah, right,' he said, much to her disappointment. 'I don't know, Romanoff, but there's a lot you're hiding.'
She blearily opened an eye. James was standing in front of her, looking excited.
He held out his left hand cautiously, looking at her from underneath his dark lashes. She sighed and took it, giving him a small smile, which he returned with a grin of his own. Natasha decided she needed to do something before she ended up like a heroine in a cheap chick flick, sobbing her heart out because some boy broke up with her.
Bruce nodded, arranging his meager possessions beside his makeshift bed. 'When you're done with that, do you think you could help me find and fix that radio Romanoff was talking about?' Tony asked, after a few moments of silence. 'Sure, why not?' Bruce replied, and he could've sworn Tony sighed in relief.
He was shirtless.
Steve's eyes scanned the crowd and they alighted upon a familiar face - Mrs. Barnes. He began to frantically call out to her and she turned to his voice, running towards him. 'Mrs. Barnes, what's happening? Where are they taking us?' he demanded, trying to shake off his captors' firm grips.
They continued sharpening their knives, but this time in companionable silence. 'I did mean it when I said I recognized you,' Clint told her, holding his knife up to check if it was sharp enough. 'Really?' she asked him, not giving off a single sign that she recognized him as well. 'Yeah, I do. You definitely aren't from around here, though. I'd've known you otherwise. I used to be Fury's watchdog. Before I got into jail.'
She'd reported of the situation in the Helicarrier. Most of the people were weak from lack of oxygen and the very young and the very old were already dead. The catastrophic damage from the untimely drop of the first Exodus ship was nowhere near fixed. Fury had been talking to the other space stations but they were either unwilling or unable to help, seeing as none of them had space for around two thousand people.
Betty approached more cautiously. She smiled at Bruce and then crouched next to Clint, whose shirt had been cut away in order to access the wound better.
They trooped out, James and Tony still staring at her wrathfully, but Thor gave her a weak smile, which she returned with a nod.
They froze.
The camp had been in uproar. Pepper had told them what had happened and how Rumlow had gotten his hands on a gun in the first place. A delinquent had been guarding him while Tony was upstairs, working on the walkie-talkies. Apparently the delinquent didn't tie Rumlow's bonds well enough and Rumlow managed to wriggle out of them and overpower him.
Bruce had been in the makeshift med bay, treating a scratch that one of the delinquents had gotten while out hunting. It was a long scratch but it was shallow and looked worse that it actually felt. He just needed to clean the wound, put antiseptic and then wrap a bandage around it, and the delinquent would go back to normal activity.
She smiled at him. 'That's totally okay. Just - if you really believe he's the one for you, don't let him get away, yeah?'
'Can't get a clear shot, too many trees,' Clint mouthed at her, and she gestured for them to go back a bit.
He picked up the bomb and inspected it. Thankfully there didn't seem to be much damage but he would only see if there was actual damage once it was set off, and then it would be too late. By some miracle, the hydrazine was still intact and so was the gunpowder and ignition. The three-part bomb wouldn't be devastating, but it would do a great amount of damage.
'Just
'Okay, so I'm Valkyrie. I'm from Asgard, but then I managed to get a spot as a mechanic on the Helicarrier. I'm the one who tests spacesuits and goes on routine spacewalks along the side of the Helicarrier. Thing is, they think you're all dead.'
So, he made four walkie-talkies. They weren't very effective in long-range communication but they were very useful during a border patrol, or when a hunting party was sent out.
'Okay, we're a functioning society, that's a lot more than we were a few minutes back,' Betty remarked, appearing out of nowhere.
'You have mastered the art of conjuring light!' Thor exclaimed excitedly. 'Either that, or they've set it on fire,' Bruce told him, and Thor deflated. 'Don't be so morbid. We found the light switch,' Steve explained. 'Ugh, that's boring,' Clint complained. 'For once I find myself agreeing with one of your ridiculous notions, Barton,' Thor commented, and Romanoff smirked.
'Don't bother. It's fine, Rogers. I don't really care.'
Clint was only alive for this long because his wound had been treated by whatever had taken him. The spear had been removed and the injury had been cauterized and patched up with some sort of poultice that none of them recognized. He had been unconscious the entire time.
He shrugged. 'At least I'm not surrounded by thick-headed twats.'
familiar to her.
'That's not a shooting star, it's a drop ship!'
'Do you think I care if you tell that oaf what I did?' Loki snapped, and then his voice got smoother. 'You can go ahead and tell him. I'm sure it won't affect me as much as it would affect you if I blabbed your secrets to all your little friends.'
He'd put her in the prison cell where she'd spent nearly a year and a half.
That was Romanoff. Romanoff's kick would definitely hurt like a bitch.
'Stop,' Mrs. Barnes told the two guards firmly. They did, much to his surprise, and she took his face into her hands. 'Sweetie, I tried so hard, I really did - I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry this is happening. I should have argued harder, but they made the decision,' she told him gently, her hands shaking and her eyes filling with tears.
She went off on an angry tangent as everyone else stared in shock and disappointment at the drop ship.
The next day, everyone was assembled in the middle of camp, eagerly waiting for Valkyrie. Steve was talking to Bucky, who was flipping a knife in his hand. Clint and Natasha were sitting nearby, both of them focused on Bruce and Valkyrie. Natasha looked uncharacteristically anxious. She kept glancing at Clint, whose expression was unreadable.
'Oh. Yeah. What about it?'
Tony immediately rolled to his side, ignoring the pounding pain in his head. His arms and legs were shaking and he felt liquid sliding down his face and knew it was blood. Was this how Steve and the others felt all the time? It was horrifying. He couldn't even walk properly, his legs were aching.
hey, darlings, new chapter! sorry it's so late, i was really caught up today. not much to say on this chapter. rumlow's back, and that's definitely a bad thing. loki's somehow keeping to his double-agent status quite well. hydra is finally getting off their ass and attacking the delinquents with biological warfare, as you do. bruce and thor are as soft and wholesome as always. people are bleeding from their eyes, noses and mouths and that's frankly quite horrifying but i'm sticking to the plot sooooo... deal with it, i guess, lmao
She'd been sitting next to Clint's bed for the past day, not moving, not even for food and water. Bruce, who had been taking care of him, hadn't moved away either. Steve came in occasionally, his eyebrows furrowed in concern, and had given them plastic cups with water and some bread from the drop ship, which neither of them had touched.
'Hey, I heard Wanda wanted to bury her brother, can I help?' Steve asked, appearing out of nowhere.
Was that
'Thank you.'
'Wanna find out?' Steve asked him, already heading in the direction of the footprints.
Tony ran out and tried to go around to the side, but there were too many people in his way. By the time Steve and the others reached, they found Tony staring up at a hole in the second level of the drop ship which opened out to the woods.
Soon she was asleep and Bruce collapsed on the couch.
hard!'. She handed Steve a crudely-fashioned spear made with a long, relatively sturdy branch and sharpened metal from the drop ship, and threw him a wink and a quick gesture to Tony's direction, to which he sighed, accepting the fact that he was going to forever have pink cheeks.
He was awestruck every single time he learned about someone new, and every single time he learned something new about someone he already knew, and it made his day to just listen to people talk, watch the little things they did, like tuck their hair behind their ear or adjust their glasses. He loved watching them think, plan and create. Hell, he loved accomplishing something himself and then getting that realization after - like, wow, I just did that, that's awesome.
“She's right, Steve. I don’t know why I didn’t pick up on it sooner. But your scent has changed. It’s taken on a gentler tone. Doesn’t smell as chemically as it used to,” said Natasha. The smell of his distress was overwhelming at the time it was all she could pick up on.
“I’m scared.”
The alpha was stunted mid-sentence by Steve's purrs. His mate blushed. He smirked.
“We made some mistakes along the way. Some, very recently,” said Fury.
Tony woke a few hours later, cocooned in blankets. His arms were wrapped around Steve. The omega's soft purrs relaxed him to the core. He left the nest, refolding the blankets around Steve. The separation instantly caused the omega's purrs to stop. Tony took Steve's shield from its place on the couch and leaned it against the edge of the nesting couch.
“He was,” she said.
Kevin nodded. Jeff felt some minor level of pity for the creatures sedated on their tables. It was best to think of them as subhuman. Any feelings beyond that spelled trouble. That’s what doomed the last pair of techs given to Dr. Zemo.
Sorry, this chapter took so long. Hope everyone had a good holiday.
Even with what he saw in the wormhole, he didn't want to erase what he had here. This was too good. Yisen was right; he had nothing before. Now he was getting closer to having everything. They stayed on the beach for a while longer before returning to the house.
“A hundred or more?”
“It’s wrong,” she whimpered.
“I prepared a flight plan. This was the locations,” said Jarvis.
“But you don’t.”
“I’ll get Natasha and Clint,” said Steve.
“How do you know?” she asked.
“Can you explain these flying monkeys?” he asked.
Those brown eyes opened.
“Who?”
“I’ll have to call you back something magical is happening. Tony Stark is in my van.”
“We have her location.”
Tony stifled a laugh when Steve struggled to reach the cookies on the coffee table.
"That brat really you up messed. Decades of being an emotionless hunk of meat and you're finally feeling something. Who thought you could be so easily undone?"
“And what is that?”
“Tony is your drinking in check. I won’t judge. I’ll drag your ass to rehab, but I won’t judge,” he said.
“You’re referring to Mr. Stark,” he said.
He nodded. The door shut behind her. He touched the cool metal surface but didn’t try to open it. Even if it was unlocked, he wasn’t permitted to step out.
“That’s not the goal of this exercise,” said Lena.
"It's my ass on the line if you pull bullshit like this."
"Why haven't you picked up?"
A confused man dressed in a brown suit beat up suit came into view. Dr. Banner. Steve smiled at the sheer out of placeness of the man. He had thick black wavy hair. For all the strength and aggression hidden within him, he had gentle brown eyes. His scent was strong for a beta. Normally, their scents were muted. It was earthy with hints basil, but there was something off about it that Steve couldn’t place.
“No.”
“Heard the last bits of it. Surprised you didn’t do worse”, said Clint.
"Do you remember what it felt like?"
“Come now, Piper, get to your feet,” said Lena.
“Are you going to say I’m a child again? I know my limitations.”
“I’ll be fine,” said Steve.
He chugged several energy drinks and made his way to Miami.
Hours later she woke in a more stable state. The room was no longer spinning. When she tried breaking out of Theodore’s hold he only pulled her closer.
"If I don't make him eat he won't at all. You scientists become so easily lost in your work you forget to eat," said Steve.
"It was only a suggestion."
“Museum,” said Steve.
She nodded.
Lena slowly pulled away. “I love you more than anything in the world, Carl. You know that right?”
The penthouse was empty. He went to the elevator and went to the lab. Tony was asleep at his work. Mark 5 in process of being repaired. There was no anger. Tony needed this part of himself. His mind needed to be constantly worked.
Her hand slid away from it. She frowned. It was where she was from. But it wasn’t where she belonged anymore. Where did she belong?
“Picture?” asked the owner.
"I can’t lose you. Almost did," said Steve.
Steve sighed. He enjoyed being here. There was likely a task waiting for him.
“I’ll replace those pants”, said Steve.
“Depends on the artist. Any idea where this is,” said Tony.
"It was nothing. Peter, you should listen to your aunt and not wander off," said Tony.
"Where you going, beautiful?" Tony smiled, warmly.
January 5, 2016
“Steve?”
“I’ll slow you down,” he said.
“Why aren’t they moving?” said Pierce.
Steve looked over Tony's shoulder, smiling at the photo.
“There’s a great diner not far from here,” said Steve.
She hurried to the bathroom. As always, he turned his back to her, giving some sense of privacy in their glass cell. She washed her hands. Then grabbed the tray of food bringing it to the center of the room. She was surprised to see a deck of cards and a box of crayons on the tray. Theodore sat across from her as they ate. Maybe she get could some kind of response out of him today. If not, at least now she had something to do.
"It isn't nice to tease, honey," whispered Steve.
Sparks flew as different pieces of armor crashed through the lab.
“Has Coulson asked you to sign his Captain America trading cards yet? He’s been trying to build up the nerve to ask you for months,” she said.
“Of course.”
"You worked the entire night," he said.
"Is your gun up?" asked Rhodes.
Tony winced as Steve pinched his arm not holding back on the strength.
“This is great, Tony. Thank you,” he said.
The child tensed. Someone was coming. Piper pressed against his side, and his arm wrapped protectively around her. The door opened. A beta with a tray of food entered their surroundings. Winter moved his arm away, the man wasn't a threat. The beta slid the tray through the slot and left. Winter pulled the tray to him and sat in the center of the room. The child was waiting for him to do something. He tasted the food, making sure it was safe for the child, before pushing it toward her.
“You have to learn how to give up control, Steve. You’re used to being in command. I understand how stressful this is for you.”
*****
"Okay, kid, I'll have to walk you through rebooting Jarvis's speech drive, but not right now. Harley where is he really? Just look on the screen and tell me where he is."
"I have to do this on my own."
“Fuck!” It was a reaction born out of the pain of likely breaking several fingers. Tony leaned against the wall; his back turned to his mate.
“Only the date of the procedure,” said Wu.
“I love you,” said Tony.
Tony was working on at the table. Steve wrapped his arms around the alpha’s waist. He purred. Steve nuzzled his neck. Tony turned around kissed him. He pulled away and yawned.
“Painting,” said Steve. He heard Tony put something down.
“You didn’t have to do that,” said Steve.
“May the Lord bless these rings, which you shall give to each other as the sign of your and fidelity.”
“No,” he said, shying from her gaze.
“Why?”
He could smell scrambled eggs.
Steve got dressed, hurrying to the kitchen. He caught Piper in a hug when she came out. She cuddled against him.
“Something to do with Capsicle,” he said.
“Fine, it was just a couple of pictures. Can I go play now?” she asked.
Winter turned away. He couldn’t answer.
"I wasn't going to say anything."
"You know what you're getting into, Hill. We don’t know how much Hydra screwed him up.“
“Why are they keeping you?” asked Tony.
“Yeah, you take a minute.”
There was no relief to his agony. Pain medication would do nothing for him. All he could was clench his jaw and fist the blanket.
March 12, 2016
Steve turned around kissing his mate. “You can go.” Steve knew Tony only left the lab for him.
“Satisfied?”
"All I care about is if it's healthy," Steve said. He didn’t care if the child had super soldier abilities. He would love it either way, but he wanted to know what to expect.
Two hours Steve spent whimper on the cold floor because of her. He forced a calm expression when he entered the meeting room.
“I’m Isabella.”
He gasping when he heard Tony’s voice.
“You're allowed to be attracted to someone, Steve. It's natural. There’s something thrilling about someone so different from yourself,” she said.
"Let's go, Piper."
“How’d you enjoy the spa?” he asked.
The alpha wouldn’t give him the privacy he wanted. Steve unwrapped his hands and decided to head home, pausing when he noticed Fury had a file.
"I can't let you go out there. No shoes no clothes you'll freeze," said Matt.
“Can I ask -” began Matt.
Piper slowly raised her head, nodding.
“Duh,” said Rune.
“I don’t have to give you anything. By Rhodey," said Tony, hanging up.
He would visit later. It was clear he’d lost Tony’s focus. “Tony, I think I’ll go."
He wiped Tony’s mouth clean then drained the tub. The alpha tried to stand but fumbled forward into his arms. In one arm he braced Tony in one arm and wrapped a towel around the alpha's waist with the other. He lifted Tony out of the tub and set him on the floor next to the toilet. Steve cleaned up the mess, not wanting the bathroom to smell of vomit. He shoved the dirty clothes in the hamper and changed into clean clothes. He took a pair of sleeping pants from Tony’s drawer. Steve went into the bedroom and gathered a few pillows and blankets. Steve returned to the bathroom. He dried Tony before dressing him in the sleeping pants. There was no point in putting the alpha in a shirt, he'd likely get sick again. He set Tony’s head on the pillow. Steve took a seat on the floor next to him. It would be a long night. Steve never left the alpha’s side, always checking to make sure Tony’s airway was clear. Around six in the morning, he felt safe enough to close his eyes.
He was exhausted. All he wanted to do was huddle up in bed with his alpha and sleep. Pepper took a bottle of mouth wash from her purse.
“Open it, J." The suit unlocked. He sat up, breathing in the crisp air. “Ah, that’s brisk."
“The baby came.”
Steve wanted to get away, but his omega had kept him close to Tony. He was still in Manhattan.
He pushed his hands into his pockets. “She's a bit forward."
“Happy?” called Tony.
“It’s handled,” said Natasha.
“Already taken care of,” said Tony.
"What about smells?"
Steve’s body would burn the sedative faster than an average person even more so since he’s terrified. “Take me to him."
“Sorry, sir.”
She took out a folder placing it on the table.
"Then it will be quick. Thanks, for the coffee."
Steve doubted Tony would be friendly. The alpha would at least be civil. Steve let her in.
“Where’s Maria?”
The emotion was nearly overwhelming. Tears leaked free. Tony only broke free of the shock when Steve wiped them away. Tony kissed Steve's hand.
“Bob.”
“What are we having?” asked Steve.
“Like her namesakes,” said Tony.
“Happy take my car and get some lunch. We can pack up. I’ll call you for pick up,” said Tony tossing over his keys.
"Piper this is your Aunt Piper. I'll be right back."
“Wanted you well-rested,” said Tony.
“How do we do this?” asked Natasha.
. He scooped her up, letting her settle on his lap.
“Goodnight, Steve.”
Lena took a chessboard from the desk, setting it on the floor. Taking a seat on one side of it, she set up the pieces.
I will be updating when I can. I'll try to publish it as regularly as possible.
How long had he been running after her? Sweat wet his skin and he was panting. His hands fisted. “HOLD STILL!”
“You’re having a little girl.”
“I could have been fooled from that display,” said Kate.
“Check my heart,” said Tony.
Piper reached for him. He snagged her from Tony desperate to avoid the conversation.
“I don’t want your apologies. I want results.”
“Don’t you want to know about your parents?”
Steve took a breath.
"Kid, why are you doing this?"
“No-”
It really wasn’t.
Tony kissed him on the forehead. “We’ll get through this.”
Piper jumped back putting a good amount of distance between them. Her wrists were aching. She jumped at the crack of thunder. The loudness was disorienting. The lights flickered. Threads of whitish-blue electricity circled around him. When his eyes glowed white, she realized her distraction too late. He crashed into her, slamming her into the wall.
“I’ve got this,” he said. He took an arrow from his quiver, notching it in his bow. The arrow drilled through the eye of one of the bears, killing it.
“Isn’t it obvious?”
Tony’s eyes widened when he saw the large knife trapped in Steve’s legs. He braced the omega. “What the hell happened?”
“You’re a terrible liar,” said Clint.
“Remarkably stable. He’ll likely call you soon to set up Piper and Rune’s first appointment.”
“I am.”
“Sir.”
Steve took the first aid kit from the drawer. He cleaned and bandaged Tony’s bleeding knuckles.
“So they sent you all the way from New York to check on me,” said Tony.
“I’m sorry,” said Steve.
“Do you want me to prepare a bath?” asked Jarvis.
“Nope.”
Winter watched as the pup walked away with the woman. He couldn’t follow. Every part of him wanted to, but he knew where he wasn’t allowed. Winter sat on a weight bench trying to think of what to do. His body became alert when someone entered the gym. His hand fisted when saw it was Rumlow. The alpha had spent far too much time at this base, lately.
“That’s where you want to have the baby?” Steve nodded. “I’ll start moving blanket and pillows into our room.”
“Maybe five percent.”
“I’ll know it when it happens,” said Tony.
"I'm not home much of the original frame we'll be able to keep," he said.
“I have to meet with the board,” she said.
“Hey, Thor."
She took a small step backward allowing him to slide in the tray.
“Steve, you got to open the door,” he said.
Steve wrapped his arms around Alpha. He nosed against his throat, breathing his scent. Alpha tucked him into the nest beside him.
“I have to ask why, Stark?” asked Clint.
“Isn’t that a bit childish, Jeff.”
“It’s really not that complicated. I’ve got red in my ledger, I’d like to wipe it out,” said Natasha, getting up from her chair.
“Where are you going?” asked Hill.
It was an idiotic fresh-faced alpha who most likely wouldn’t make it through basic training, best to ignore it. Steve brushed it off. He’d heard worse before. They’d have to try harder than that to get to him.
September 2, 2012
"It's easier without shoes. Walk toe first and slowly shift your weight back to your heels," said Winter. His gate had permanently altered to walk silently. "But, you're not learning today. Focus on the bells."
“Stay back.”
"Home."
They’d slowly edged closer together, both happier at the proximity.
"Tony, you must let finish," he said, pushing back the alpha. Steve quickly finished cleaning the wounds. “Better?”
“Twelve pounds,” said Steve.
“Sweetheart,” tried Tony again.
“She was scouting new talent. I refused,” said Matt. He let Foggy in. The omega huffed.
Tony sprung from the bed as Steve writhed. He tried comforting him through it the best he could. The episode passed. Nurses came in placing ice packs on Steve to help keep him cool.
Tony called the kid.
He relaxed. It must be terrifying to lose something so essential to their person. His wasn't anything special. It was a coiled rat nest of violence, nothingness, and near nothingness. Being erased again would be painful now that emptiness was filled with memories he cherished. He patted her head.
“Tony,” hissed Steve.
Steve glanced at his large stomach.
He picked up the slight nervousness in Steve.
“Can you show me a visual?” Even though the feed was old, his network had access to any connected mic or camera.
“Every day."
January 31, 2016
"Then you have nothing to lose," said Steve.
She nuzzled against him and purred, pressing against him.“Papa."
"Don't worry about me."
"Yeah."
“Look me in the eye and say you have been doing the same.”
“I’ve got you.”
Steve bared his neck. Screaming when Tony's teeth pierced his neck. His vision blanked with pleasure. Steve went limp, completely sated. All he could do was purr. Their new bond sparked alive, bringing warmth, safety, and reassurance that he would never be alone. It was so right. His tethered to this world. Whatever remaining strength he went to milking his alpha’s knot. Steve lost himself to the bliss.
“I didn’t need to know. Didn’t ask,” said Clint.
Steve nodded. He followed Tony into the kitchen and helped him put away the groceries. Once done Steve took found the jar of pickles he set aside and helped himself.
“Why?”
"Sweetheart, that's not going to work," said Tony
“That’s right,” he said.
Their baby being a super soldier meant there was extra power. The pup had no control over its strength so kicks could range from gentle to bone breaking.
“Let me out!”
“Jury is out,” he said.
She smiled.
“Uniform? Aren’t the stars and stripes old-fashioned?” he asked.
"What are they?" asked Tony.
"Tony, wake up!" No response. All he could do was watch as his mate suffered. "I'm sorry, Tony."
Rune shook his head. “I’m not going to pretend I play the same mind games. You and that guy can.”
He couldn't keep it at bay much longer! The pressure built as his inner alpha fought for dominance. He needed Steve awake. That was the only way he wouldn't lose out to his other side.
“Almost.”
“Do you think she’ll really do that?” asked Steve.
“It was all in the contract. And I thought the great Tony Stark could handle it. Was I wrong?” said Fury.
“It took her a year to get one. And she had to ask,” said Natasha.
“Yeah, a little bit,” said Rhodes.
“I never asked you to do that.”
"Hopefully, in a few hours."
“Why not?” asked Steve.
“She’s just a little girl,” said Tony, cradling his daughter closer.
Piper's case was unique to Lena's others. It wasn't as simple as erasing a memory or greasing the mind to act out of its normal behaviors with her. No, this was creating an entirely new persona within an already existing one, without allowing one persona to overwhelm another. The goal was a perfect balance between the two sides, allowing for intellect to stream through, but mandated control to remain.
Hulk smiled before jumping onto one of the nearest buildings. Everyone was at their positions. Thor's lightning caused the alien army to pile up at the portal.
“What did we do to deserve her?” said Steve.
“Sound for the moment. The doctors aren’t sure how much longer he’ll stay that way," said Clint.
"A nightmare." A non-answer would dig deeper into the conversation he was trying to escape.
His mind struggled to put together the pieces. Then it clicked.
“You’ll have Avengers Tower all to yourself,” said Tony.
“And me?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“It was nice meeting you,” said Steve.
"I would have followed you willingly," said Tony.
“I was wrong for reacting that way,” he said.
“It’s an honor to meet the two of you. Shall we get started?”
He changed the channel back to the news. It was a nice change seeing mostly positive things about himself on the news. Steve woke around dinner. It was simple only pasta with the first sauce Steve found in the pantry.
“Oh, yeah that’s awesome. Give me a suit okay?”
“Yeah, A I saved you first. B thanks sorta. And C if you do someone a solid don’t be a yutz play cool or you come off grandiose,” said Tony. He unlocked the car.
They were slow to part. Tony tried coaxing his omega to their den. He whined, backing further into the corner, shaking his head. Their nest stunk of fear. They'd rebuild here. The location was preferable. It would keep the omega out of plain sight. There was a secret exit if they need to escape. He got to his feet. Steve grabbed his hand and whimpered. He nuzzled the worried away. Wordlessly promising he'd be back soon.
“My parents!”
"It's fine, my husband owns the gym. Sit."
“Steve!”
“I found a ring,” he whispered. Natasha smiled brightly.
“My parents, are they okay?”
"Currently, they are downstairs. Piper has successfully breached its dummy firewalls you’ve set up.”
“Greet our guest.”
Steve caught him staring and blushed. “You’re making me blush.”
"I suppose things don't ever move fast enough for someone like you," said Steve.
Steve’s anxiety lessened, but it was still there nagging at him, refusing to let him truly relax. The elevator dinged, and he stepped into the penthouse. Tony was waiting for him.
“What kind of conspiracy?” asked Steve.
“What’s your answer?”
“What are you doing?”
“I know I can,” he said.
“Yes.”
Steve growled as he circled closer.
“Let him go,” said Maya
"I'm sorry you had to hear that. Sometimes we bring the worst out in each other," she said.
“You know him,” said Natasha.
“No, you can do much worse,” he said.
“How many fighting styles do you know?”
“Of course you don’t,” said Fury with a shrug.
“Well, look on the bright side he’s gone now,” she said.
December 31, 2012
"Your monsters are gone."
“There we go. All better,” he said drying her tears.
"It shouldn't take long I don't have much," said Steve.
“Only once.”
Tony took the empty seat beside his husband. Steve instantly leaned against him.
Rune’s gaze darted toward the alpha in the room. His aura was unlike any other he'd encountered before. Dangerous in a way that was different from those he'd met previously. It made him shiver. Piper hugged him.
"It's a piece of shit I know, but I thought we could rebuild it together. Do you like it?” asked Tony. Steve didn’t answer.
“Yeah,” said Tony.
“What is Captain America type?” asked Clint.
“It's what happened on the train. I hacked into the S.H.I.E.L.D. database. I gather all the information from that event. In short, all those numbers mean it wasn't your fault, Steve. The strength of the metal, the speed of the train and other variables point out that it wasn’t your fault,” said Tony.
“Toy!”
"I will have to talk to them, Tony. We have to run tests, have scans done,” said Bruce, pacing as he thought of the new data.
“No,” he said.
“Do you think you’re ready?”
“Alright, Steve I’ll wait."
“The way Steve is acting. He has difficulty trusting scientists,” said Pepper.
“Winter?” Her voice was groggy with sleep.
“Shit, Steve I-
Tony ejected from the armor, missing the heated hand that would cut through his heart. He was sprawled out on the platform below. The sound of an incoming suite caught both their attention.
"I don't care what he's done! He's my friend, nothing you say will ever change that!"
"Your grave is a tourist attraction."
“Piper, it’s time to go,” she said.
“He’s waiting for us to make the first move,” said Piper.
Piper sniffled quietly, but regained herself. “I don’t wanna play.”
“WHY?!”
“Nap time.”
"Are you sure, Steve?"
“You were an art student before joining the army,” said Tony.
"James after Bucky," said Steve.
“If you’re going to be a dick dictator-
“You haven’t.”
Steve didn't care. No, omega unapproved omega was allowed near his alpha. He rubbed himself against the alpha covering him in his scent. Every omega would this alpha was taken. Steve snapped out the instinctual state of mind.
“That leaves room for flexibility. Chemistry, physics, engineering doesn’t have that. What do you think of the human body?”
Steve's heart raced.
“Steve?”
"There's nowhere else I'd rather be."
“Where did you serve?” asked Matt.
“Cramps,” he said.
He was never informed of her academic progress, but he was sure it was equally remarkable. Every day, after class, she told him what she learned. Most of it went over his head, so he politely nodded along. She added sign language, French, and Dutch to her repertoire. The only thing the pup was unfailingly terrible at despite frequent training, was lying. She couldn't lie if her life depended on it. One day, it likely would.
“So I approval to go forward?” she asked.
"I pity the cop to pull you over," said Tony.
“Told you he could, Bethany.”
“Patch me up,” he said, handing her a suture kit. “I can’t." Showing his broken fingers. "And you need to learn."
“You’re back.”
“Sit with me.”
*****
“Tony.”
“Nat didn’t say.”
"Bye."
Steve drew closer. Tony was a man who enjoyed figuring out a problem, making sense of the seemingly impossible.
“I forgive you, Tony.”
“Winter.”
“My mate isn’t dead!” he yelled.
“Mmhm,” he said before falling asleep.
“Maybe.” Piper Stark was far from the average child. Those close to her seemed to forget that. It was a mistake to underestimated her. Or maybe he was overestimating her. “If anyone could get through to her, it's you. Your story could have been hers.”
“Winter?”
“Rune?”
“That’s not what I’m asking.”
“All I packed was a toothbrush,” said Bruce quietly.
Steve sighed. “What’s wrong?”
"We should get them to bed," said Pepper.
"An omega pup came running up to me a the store and hugged me, thanking me for saving them from the aliens. He'd run off from his aunt to see me. Had to help him find his her," said Tony.
“That makes it simpler,” said Tony.
"Jarvis will watch her."
She rolled her eyes.
Steve pulled away when the cramping passed. He turned around gently kissing Tony. "I'm going to bed."
“Tony, I’m-
“And I’ll read all about it,” said Bruce. This had been a unique experience but he was more than ready for it to be over. And he'd rather leave before it turned for the worse. Either at his hands or Loki's. The sooner Loki was dealt with the better.
“This isn’t optional. Our children are lethal. Can’t speak for what Rune has done, but I’ve seen my daughter kill.” Steve forced hating how they hung heavily in the air. “You will keep this on you.”
Tony stiffened. He'd recalled them. They hadn't found any signs of Winter.
Tony growled. It wasn't over. There was a present threat to his omega. Steve grabbed his hand tightly, whining.
"Alright," said Steve.
“Bad people are here.”
“I’ll be there.”
He wasn’t giving up, not when he was this close! Steve ran to the stairs. The doors were reinforced only set to open in case of emergencies. Forcing it to open would set off an alarm. Steve returned to the elevator. He pushed open the emergency door in the ceiling and pulled himself. He grabbed the cables and scaled up. Only ninety-three stories. He jumped to the penthouse entrance, forcing the doors open. The penthouse was dark. His boots crunched on glass.
“You aren’t a killer, Tony,” Steve said gently.
Steve bit his lip trying to force back the tears.
Steve turned red.
“Mmm, don’t stop that feels nice,” said Tony.
The woman's eyes widen.
He nodded. Winter moved behind her and carefully combed her soft dark brown hair with his fingers, gathering and twisting it into a bun. Winter wished he could do more. His first attempt at pigtails ended up comically uneven, but it got him a laugh from the pup.
“WHERE IS SHE?!”
Tony sat at his lab table, flipping the envelope over in his hand. It had given him nothing but questions. The only thing Jarvis could tell him about it was it sixty to seventy years old.
“He sold fruit,” said Piper.
“Can’t sleep?”
to get to Tony and apologize.
She sighed.
She’d been locked in the room with the man for hours silently studying him. He hadn’t even flinched when she entered the room. Torture would be useless against him. A master was immune to the craft. He was more famously known as the Surgeon. The man had a talent for knowing the exact amount of pain a person could take before dying. She had seen his victims.
“Doesn’t seem all that hard. It’s just three words. You made your own element, so saying sorry shouldn’t be all that hard.”
“That will be fifteen dollars, sir,” said the cashier.
"I could have done worse."
“Steve?”
“Can’t make easy for me can you?”
“It’s nothing. I’m like you and Piper. I heal quickly. Go back to sleep,” said Steve. He pulled the blanket comfortably over the pups.
“Don’t get up."
"Will he be alright?" asked Pepper.
“That standard control unit can reverse polarity long enough to disengage mag lab and-
“This is different, Tony. You aren’t doing this because you’re obligated. You’re doing this because you want to. You like this, person,” he said.
"I can't wait anymore."
"It's Pepper."
Steve left once it was done, leaving Tony and Edith alone.
“Piper is located in a transarctic mountain base. There are likely cameras hidden among the mountain range,” said Hill.
“You haven’t aged a day,” she said.
Steve went to sit up front with Natasha. His hand moved instinctively toward his stomach.  Hours later they arrived at the helicarrier.
"What about it?"
He hung up. Tony was caught in a hug as soon entered the room. Steve may not be having his heat this time around, but he was still craved contact. He didn’t have the security of going through heat with him. Steve grabbed his shield, tucking it into a garment bag. Being taken on vacation with to foreign country. His mother would be thrilled. Not so much that him still not being married.
“I’m sorry about Phil he didn’t deserve that,” said Bruce.
“Did you know about this?” asked Bruce.
Neema just glared at the rest them. “Follow me.”
“Why do you have it?”
“My job as an alpha is to protect and provide.” Steve bristled at this. Tony didn’t usually cater to, or even acknowledge typical social roles. “My
He landed at his tower. Mechanical arms removed his armor as toward the door. Steve lay on the couch working through a nightmare. He carefully approached. Tony caressed the omega’s cheek.
“I don’t wanna.”
“Tony.”
“I do,” he said.
Tony looked for what could be wrong. Steve grabbed him by the arm, bringing him into the nest.
Currently, the pup was waiting for him to finish breakfast. She kept peeking at his tray to see if he'd finished but refused to rush him. The pup had little to no tolerance for being in their enclosure, unless for rest or meals. He set the tray aside.
“She’ll be happy to see you.”
"Why am I unsurprised? Should I assume most under your employment have you in some state of undress," he said.
They went to the bathroom. Steve undressed. Tony stopped, taking notice of the fading fingerprint-shaped bruises on his hips. He brushed his hand along the mark.
"He left earlier this morning," said Jarvis.
“Think, Steve, whatever useful information he has Romanoff would have gotten out of him already. His egotistical asshole who only wants to piss you off, so you might kill him. He knows he's trapped. You’re his way out.”
Steve laughed, blushing deeply when he realized Tony was serious.
Before Lena could add to the conversation her phone rang. Pierce's number appeared on the screen. “I have to take this. I’ll be right back,” she said.
"Steve, I'm the expert at getting super soldiers to rest when they don’t want to. But I don’t think it will be that easy in the future. How have you been sleeping, Steve?”
“Dr. Star, why don’t you join me in my lab,” he said.
"Once I do, I'll be right back to play with you."
"In an undisclosed location. Don't bother breaking into our system, Stark. You won't find her," said Natasha. She'd taken precautions against Stark. It pained her to do so, but it was necessary.
“Steve, calm down what’s happening?” The panic rising in his own voice.
Steve got up, helping the alpha set out the food.
. Once she got older, she would be allowed the level of privacy she deserved.
“He’ll be fine. We can tell him now if you want,” said Tony.
*****
“Good, doesn’t mean safe.”
"I'm doing it all over again," said Tony.
Maria gulped. Piper could not see the heartbroken glares her innocent actions had just earned Maria.
“Okay.”
"You don't."
"Steve, you're in the first stage of early labor. The slow phase," said Edith.
"I've been puking my guts out for several hours. Do you think I'm good?" said Steve.
He couldn’t help staring for a brief moment. Before now, he’d never met a female doctor, let alone an omega. A majority of doctors in his time were alphas and betas, all of them male. She seemed so young.
“Me too," sighed Steve.
The newly formed Avengers went for shawarma. Steve sat next to Tony. He was starving. During the battle, he'd burnt off so many calories and they needed to be replaced. Steve spared a curious look to the food placed in front of him. It smelled good. He took a hesitant bite, before digging in. Steve wasn’t the only one who was ravenous Thor and Banner shared his appetite. The restaurant owner kept on supplying them until they were full.
“Thanks.”
“There’s no need to be afraid of sleeping beauty.”
“Asleep,” said Steve.
“It isn’t intentional.”
“I can get rid of it,” said Lena.
He left.
Lena turned the computer monitor toward her. A video appeared on the screen. Piper recognized herself in the still frame. Lena hit play. Piper watched in absolute horror of her own actions. When it ended she realized she’d wet her pants.
"I think it's more than that," said George.
“The barrier is pure energy it’s unbreachable,” said Jarvis.
"I am."
"Natasha won't forgive us if we don't send her a picture," said Steve.
"Close your eyes."
“Jarvis time.”
“There’s my little girl!”
“You sound disappointed."
The boy took his hand.  Tony didn't pull away. Might as well get used to this.
"Sweetheart, we have to talk."
“The alpha says no,”
Tony savored the image before him. Running his fingers over the blue harness top. The color brought out the blue in Steve's lust-hazed eyes. He was yanked into a kiss. Tony moaned as Steve's hand tangled in his hair, keeping him close. His fingers dug into Steve's hips when the omega rolled them against him. The scent of slick leaked from Steve's clothes, darkening the fabric of his sweatpants. Tony pulled away, moving down Steve's stomach. His fingers grasped at the waist of Steve's pants. Steve raised his hips. Tony moved the loose fabric down the omega's long pale legs. He ran his hand down Steve's hip, enjoying the sensation the omega's soft skin and lace. Tony placed a small kiss on Steve's hip before moving up.
“Fuc!”
Piper used a blanket stitch. After the first one, the rest weren’t so bad. Soon, there was only the cut on his forehead to stitch. Her hands trembled.
“Mm, Tony?”
"I'm more interested in what you're thinking than breakfast," said Tony.
She shivered not liking how the woman said her name.
Steve whined as they broke apart. The separation was only long enough to remove the clothes between them. Tony moves to his knees peering down at the beauty laying underneath him. He pushed Steve's legs apart, licking gently slick slit.
"What was it?" Maybe it could help her too.
“You want to me, wait here?” asked Happy. His fingers nervously tapped against the stirring wheel.
“Things have changed Steve those places don’t exist,” said Barny.
“That’s Happy,” said Steve.
Rhodes took them from his pocket, handing them to the priest.
There was another deep sigh again. It was her husband’s most common way of displaying his disappoint. Before the promotion, it was a sound she so rarely heard.
“I could use your assistance on a mission,” she said.
“Said they give me more. And they gave me things. They give me this palace. They gave me plastic surgery. They gave me things.”
He caught the omega in an embrace, bringing him into a kiss. His hands snuck into Steve's pants, moaning when he touched the lace.
“Come on,” said Steve.
Tony sighed. He would be hearing a lot more of that in the future. He prayed she wouldn't be half as rebellious as him. Shit, he put his mother through so much when he was teen. He glanced down his baby daughter playing. It was almost impossible for him to believe she’d ever grow up. Why couldn’t she stay this way it would make things so much easier?
The two spies left. Steve would have liked them to stay longer. They didn't look to him as an oddity. He hoped to get to know them better. Steve sighed. There was that omega instinct again, urging him to connect and build a pack. The Howling Commandos were his pack. Now he had to make a new one. All he wanted now was to be alone.
“My Papa and Daddy. I’m not good enough for them,” she said.
Steve rubbed his hands nervously against his pants.
"Too much information Clint," said Steve. They camped in the plane.
Race was never an issue for Steve. It was what made a person that mattered to him, not the color of their skin.
"If he kills her, you deal with the shitstorm from the higher-ups. Do you know how much time and resources have been put into getting her?" said Rumlow.
“What?” asked Tony.
"Why not?"
“They were treating me like a baby.”
Steve smiled when Tony fell asleep against him. Their bond helped him. His nightmares and anxiety issues became less frequent. Those issues may come back when he gave birth. His body was forced to relax for the safety of the pup he was carrying. He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. His alpha had the same issue. That was something they could share to make the trauma less overwhelming. It would be so much worse if they didn't have each other. His fingers traced over the arc reactor. He would be there to help Tony every step of the way.
“Thank you.”
He hoped some wisp of the only good he’d committed would remain. If it could even be considered that; training a child to do acts not meant for the mind of one so young. But it was the closest he'd ever come. Even the remembrance of the feeling would be enough for him if he couldn't recall the circumstances.
“You couldn’t wait until after the two of you were married,” she scolded.
“Only a day.” It was Winter’s turn to be surprised
He let go of her. She left as if nothing happened. He would have to tell Steve and Tony about it.
“I don’t think I could.”
"Yet, there still seems to be a heavy burden on your shoulders," said Barny.
Steve bit his lip. “I need time, Tony. This is big.”
"I figured out what you've broken. Can you come here?"
“Thank you,” said Steve.
“Thank you, Piper.”
“You knew him?” asked Steve.
“You’d know if they did that. That pain is the only memory it leaves you with.”
Winter jolted was from a peaceful trance when the pup started screaming again. Her hands covered her ears. He placed his hands over hers.
“Sorry,” he said.
"I should start cooking." He got up from the couch, putting grocery bags on the counter. "What the timeline for your surprise?"
“It works the same way as the glove,” said Tony.
“Will you tell sir today?” asked Jarvis.
“Your brain is something special, not like mine."
Winter rubbed the back of his head.
“A casual version of the glove. Tap the face,” said Tony.
He did know if it was the recent orgasm, but he somehow felt relieved. A weight had lifted from his shoulders, and he was calm. He hoped it wasn't a post-sex haze of bliss. They nuzzled. Tony led him into the shower. As they bathed they exchanged gentle kisses. They changed into a clean pair of pants. Piper was asleep. She would be out a little longer.
"I saw Smith's body. It's unlike you."
“Clint has been comprised,” said Phil.
Tony tensed. Did she not remember that Jarvis passed years ago?
There was a kid. A young alpha armed with a potato gun.
“A semi-retired army captain at least for the moment,” he said.
“How much of the rage was meant for me?”
She’d lightened the entire painting, only allowing dark colors to creep along the border. The figure wasn’t alone; two others were with him. At the heart of each was a yellow and white orb. There were splashes of white and yellow throughout the background. Its message was clear, you're not alone. He might just have to hang this one up. Steve cleaned up his set up. He didn’t want to talk with his mate, but he to. They needed to move forward but didn’t want to let go. He wanted to face those responsible for what happened to their daughter. Steve went to Tony’s workshop. The alpha was talking with Bruce. He’d come back later; they were likely discussing something important.
“It may be able to close the portal,” said Selvig.
Winter waited for a guard.
"They want to see you. If you need me, call me."
Steve felt both excited and wary.
"In a way. You'll be in a structured setting where you'll be the focus of your educator's attention."
She took it. There were burns along one side of her face. He was staring.
“You were horny,” laughed Tony.
“ALPHA!” he cried.
“Harley Keener.”
"It's okay," said Steve.
"Let me tell you about myself." The pup nodded, staring down her with those intense light blue eyes. "I am thirty-three years old. And you're correct am the head of Psychiatry at John Hopkins. I have a mate Lara and a little boy named Jack. Do you want to see them?"
Piper weakly rose to her feet. She raised her hand, a bright light forming in her palm. It shot off, hitting the wall.
“Free for a training session?” she asked.
The envelope was simply addressed, Steve. He traced the familiar chicken scratch handwriting. “What does it say?”
"Why?"
"Friends and family. Your grandfather and granny Peggy made me feel human. And then I met your father. He made me feel like an omega but also treated me as an equal. People love you. If you let us close, we'll be there for you to make you feel human. Let us show you how much we love you.”
“Thank you,” she said.
Clint kept to the back of the room, not wanting to risk challenging Tony. If Laura just recovered for such injury he wouldn't want anyone near his omega. “You know the nurses were fighting over who would give you a sponge bath," he said.
"The people who take care of you and love you." There was no understanding in Rune's gaze. And she was too tired to explain further. "What happened?"
“I need to finish this.”
“Is this the first time you lost a soldier?” he asked.
“Jarvis, get the bath ready,” said Tony.
“Yeah, there’s a lot of things Fury doesn’t tell you,” said Tony.
"A gift is something you can give back. I'm not allowed that. You've made that clear. So, stop making it sound like I have a choice."
Natasha led them to control station. A giant glass window revealed a blue sky spotted with white clouds. His hands fisted. He shook away the building tension. This hadn’t been an issue before. Steve looked around the room. At its center was Agent Hill and Director Fury.
“I want to get to know you, Piper. I don’t have the right to dive into the bad until you feel you can talk to me without worry.”
"It's normal considering how recently you were bonded. There's nothing to be ashamed of. We have to take precautions we wouldn't want to risk anyone getting upset," said Bruce.
“Tell me what you were going to say!” snarled Steve.
“Tell him I’m not in,” said Tony.
“Can we get this over with?” said Steve.
“That’s all?” asked Tony.
“All the parts could be used in other pieces of tech. It makes it impossible to track,” said Tony.
He continued through the building with little issue. Cautiously, he pushed open a set of double doors, with his weapon drawn. He pulled off his glove and moved further into the room. The monitors set up bared the Ten Rings’ symbol. One of the screens was frozen on an image from a recent attack.
“Hey, Steve," said Edith.
“It’s nice to meet you, Jarvis,” said Thor.
Before he could think it over, he was already nodding. He moved forward, making room for Tony. Steve leaned back against Tony’s chest. The cool metal of the reactor touch against his skin, sending a small shiver down his spine.
He nodded. Tony pushed down his mate’s shorts, tossing them to the ground.
Gary laughed.
“Our biggest guns couldn’t touch it,” said Steve.
“They are orange because they contain an organic pigment, carotenoid, which gives them that color," he said.
“Why?”
Peggy walked them to the door and kissed all three of them goodbye.
"Check, Mark 5. The little miss has always shown interest in it."
“Alright, that will be out soon.”
“Coming Daddy.” Piper went down the slide, where Daddy was waiting for her at the end. “Do I have to go?” Piper hit him with puppy dog eyes.
Pepper wanted him to change in ways he couldn’t. She didn’t understand that he and Ironman were on in the same person. He managed to keep on good enough terms to still trust her with running his company.
Steve twitched as blue gel touched his skin. She moved the wand around his lower stomach.
He started softly singing to her.
“Load them in.”
“Your dad’s in the lab. And your papa is in the gym,” said Jarvis.
“No.”
“Why are you sleeping on the floor?” asked Tony.
He carded his fingers through Steve’s damp hair.
“Fucking perfect timing!” growled Tony.
*****
She quickly washed her hand and brushed her teeth before coming out. Rune was still out. Piper threw a stuffed animal at him. He huffed and threw a pillow at her, eyes still closed but aim perfectly.
He struck her. She went quiet with surprise, processing the dull pain spreading across her cheek. Blood trickled down the side of her face. Never had she been hit. She cried - mostly out of shock- not knowing how else to react.
Steve laughed. "Always looking for an excuse."
It was a whimper of a sentence, but it earned a reaction.
“You asked me about the first thing I remembered. And that was getting yucky meatloaf for breakfast,” said Piper.
“But I don’t think you intended to scare her as much as you did.”
“I don’t like the vagueness,” said Steve.
Tony thrust into the omega without restraint, giving into his inner alpha. All he could hear were the pleasured sounds of his omega and the rapid beating of his heart. His knot was rapidly forming at the base of his cock. He wouldn’t last much longer. Suddenly Steve clenched tightly around him. He groaned lowly, pushing deeper. A powerful basic instinct urged him to push further.
Steve nodded.
“What if she’s not okay?” asked Steve.
“Rumlow,” she said.
His muscles were tight. He didn’t know what to do. There was a child sleeping on his chest! It was ridiculous. It took an hour but he finally managed to relax. His eyes started closing at 24:00.
“What time is it?” asked Steve.
“Hawkeye.”
"I wanted to."
“Oh, and Steve is pregnant.”
*****
“1,000 feet.”
“Slow down, Pipes. You’ll give yourself the hiccups,” said Tony.
"Sorry, Steve. They want you, boss."
“I hope so.”
Steve ran his fingers through his hair, his posture relaxing.
He was melting to Tony’s touch. Those hands are so perfect.
The pups woke early.
“Fury."
Before he even had the chance to act on the omega’s demand Steve tore off his pants. Steve raised his hips, so the alpha could pull them down. Tony didn’t hesitate to follow the request. Steve’s legs wrapped around his waist, grinding their arousals together, causing them both to moan. The omega’s slick soaked through his briefs creating a wet friction. Tony moaned into their kiss.
Lena forced in place a gentle smile. Internally she was fuming.
"Want anything before I go?" asked Tony.
*****
"We just got here," said Steve.
“Would be the same be the same if I were having a boy?”
Tony instantly went to bed, out as soon as his head hit the pillow. Around eight he relieved Bruce of nanny duty. As soon as Bruce left the crying started up again. The quiet was nice when it lasted.
Steve pressed his cheek against the cool metal of the suit. He loved flying with Tony. The moment of peace was too fleating.
“Will you be joining us at the castle?” asked Steve.
"It does?"
"I'll be there after this episode," said Steve.
Steve groaned dropping his forehead against the counter.  Signing a cool touch of the granite counter against his skin. Tomorrow his alpha left. His body was speeding up things to tempt the alpha into staying. “Let’s hope for two."
For at least the hundredth today Steve caught Tony checking his phone. They were supposed to be enjoying dinner.
“As long it's there, I knew you were safe. A sure, easily recognizable sign that you're okay. It wasn't only my fear of losing you that made me uneasy about the surgery, but my fear of losing its security. You are still you without it. It was ridiculous and selfish. And I'm sorry."
“We’ve made some modifications to your uniform. I had a little design impute,” said Phil.
They went to the kitchen. It wouldn’t be long until Steve would be driven to sleep or hit by another heat wave. He made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Tony pushed the plate toward Steve. He glared at it. Steve’s lack of appetite bothered him.
Bruce wrapped his sweater around her, swaddling her in it, holding her tightly against his chest. “Just listen to my heartbeat. I know you can do that.”
"I don't think she's ready for even that," said Steve.
He rested his head against Tony chest, trying to focus on keeping his breathing steady. Tony offered him his hand. He held it tightly. Steve took to counting down the minutes in his head to focus on something other than the pain. By two in the morning, his water hadn't broken. The urge to bared down push was becoming overwhelming. The cramping agony left him gasping for breath. He questioned if he had the strength to push the pup from him. Edith wanted to wait to break his water, wanting to give it another few hours for the process to happen naturally.
“Hey Steve,” he said.
“Thank you.”
“What have you discovered?” asked Steve.
“Yes.”
Steve nodded. She dropped her clipboard as she turned around. Steve caught it. Her cheeks turned red.
Steve threw off his shirt, revealing his near-flawless skin. Natasha noticed the shimmering silver necklace gracing Steve’s neck. She took cotton swaps from the first aid kit and started cleaning the wounds.
“I know you can’t hear me, but I already love you,” he whispered. Steve left the shower. He towel-dried and put on a pair of sweatpants, then headed to the living room.
"It's nice to see you, Natasha."
Sorry about how long this chapter took to get out. Hope you enjoy the chapter.
She found the nearest circuit, breaking into Jarvis's system from there. It took her about ten minutes. Jarvis's system was far more complicated than anything else she had worked on. Daddy would have to update Jarvis's firewalls. Holographic screens showing every room in the house, except the bathrooms, surrounded them.
“You don’t have to do that,” said Steve.
Their conversation was calm. They returned to base.
This was all new to Steve and Tony. They hadn’t asked, fearing she may shut down. Maybe they had underestimated her.
“Could be six hours or more,” said Tony.
Steve huffed. “He’s a friend. Tony, you need to focus,” he said. As he opened the packet they were transmitted into the air and uploaded onto Jarvis’s system. “You have work to do.”
“My entire wardrobe smells of sex. And you seemed to enjoy the view."
“Jarvis, play the Wizard of Oz,” said Steve.
*****
Tony took a moment to stare at the beauty. It was so rare to see his flirtatious side.
Steve watched as another Mandarin message. The phone went unanswered and shot the poor accountant in the head. His hands fisted there was nothing he could do. He'd made a promise to stay safe. He had to. It was too late and he was too far along to be truly part of this fight. He bit his lip.
“Sir, you are wanted in communications.”
His face seemed so familiar. She couldn’t place where he saw him.
“Is there a problem?”
He shrugged.
"Hair tie," said Tony.
"Goodnight, Steve."
“As you wish. I’ve voiced my concern,” said Jarvis.
“It makes sense,” said Tony. His mate was in denial.
Carl smiled.
"Thank you. I'd be honored to work with Dr. Banner on this project," she said.
“You mean your science,” said Thor.
“You get the same combination with chocolate,” said Clint.
Rune hid behind Maria’s legs.
“This isn’t a trick, Piper.”
They were on the last day of December.
"And he forgave you?" asked Piper. It seemed impossible.
Tony looked it over. The imaging was poor, likely due to the shelter's location, at least a hundred feet underground. If he attempted to send a signal to activate the door remotely, it wouldn’t make through such thick layers of snow and earth.
"Not bad at all."
“No, if you want to talk to me take off the mask,” said Steve. He wanted to see his face. Steve wanted to make sure this was real. He couldn't do that if the alpha's face was hidden from him.
Steve was in the master bedroom trying to get things. There was sharp cramping pain in his lower back. Then he realized what his making. The startings of a large nest stood before him. No, these had to be Braxton Hicks contractions. He went to the kitchen normally when he ate false contractions came to an end. The cramping returned. Instinct urged him to return to his nest making. He was certain he was entering the early stages of labor.
"I suppose so." Steve doubted Tony would tell just anyone what he told him. He would keep it to himself. Tony was vulnerable at that time.
“The game its from May 1941. I know because I was there,” said Steve. Her gentle expression faded. The woman’s smile turned into a firm line. He rose to his feet, approaching her. “Now, I’m going to ask you again. Where am I?”
"Nothing that needs to be discussed further," said Steve.
Steve looked over his shoulder.
“What the hell?”
“Sir?”
She smirked, sticking her tongue out him.
“You should be able to. If you want to have a fertility test performed, I can order it,” said Edith.
"Tony, I never said you'd be a bad dad. You're a good man, and I think you're capable of raising a child with Steve's help, of course."
“So be it.”
“Use that super-soldier elbow grease,” said Tony, which earned a giggle.
“Steve?”
“The predicted start date of Captain Rogers next is January 25, 2012,” said Jarvis.
“That’s all I ask. A relationship is good it will help you build further connections to this era. Maybe one day if you're comfortable we can bring him into one of your sessions,” said Barny.
He tackled her, growling, canines sharpening as he bared them. She could’ve easily escaped his hold but didn't. Rune wasn't even using a fraction of his strength. After a minute of staring awkwardly at each other, she got fed up. Instead, she caught him in a bear hug, pinning his arms to his sides, refusing to loosen her own hold until he relaxed. His arms slipped free and wrapped around her. Her face was hidden in his chest with him being so much taller than her, but she could still feel him cry.
Steve put it on. “I feel ridiculous."
"What?"
“Killian?”
“Oh, sorry,” said Steve.
“Something Rhodes said got to me. He reminded me that every part me is enhanced including the pheromones I release when I’m with a person. I was worried that it was the reason-
“I don’t know, Tony.” There were advantages to getting it removed. It couldn't be healthy for shrapnel to be rattling around Tony's chest. The risk was of him losing Tony was too high for his liking. “I thought it couldn’t be removed."
September 1, 2012
“Sure, I’m flying into New York now,” said Tony.
“He’s not going anywhere Stark. You might as well sit down,” said Fury.
“How was your run?” asked Tony.
"Antarctica."
“I’m fine, Tony. You would never hurt us."
“It’s okay, Winter. I’m not going anywhere.”
"Set a reminder for Tony to come to bed."
"It isn't like to be in such a rush. Does have anything to with what may be waiting for you at home?" said Natasha.
"Wha?"
The comment caught Tony off guard. It also revealed a great deal of how Steve was used to being treated. Shit, what had he gotten into? If he backed down, Steve would take it as a rejection. But his inner alpha was already infatuated with the beauty. The omega bared his long to him. Tony brought his nose to gorgeous, exposed flesh. His eyes dilated at the scent. A mixture of honey and vanilla. Nothing had ever smelled so alluring. Any other omega's scent was foul compared to Steve's. Tony nearly lost it when the fresh scent slick reached his senses. It was this good in preheat what would be like when the time came. He tensed briefly when the omega nosed against his throat but allowed the motion.
These weren't things he had thought of before. They
“What's the age difference between the two of you? Fifty years,” said Clint.
Steve packed up his bag ready to go to the airport.
“About?”
“Would you go over my spelling?”
“I don’t like being handed things,” Tony said.
“You may be seated,” said the priest.
Tony smiled as Steve closed his eyes, enjoying the feel of the sun against his skin. Sunlight picked up on the blond highlights in Steve’s hair.
Piper frowned. “A session with you for an hour.”
The elevator door opened on the garage floor.
*****
“I could have hurt her,” said Steve.
“It’s good to see you again. I know you aren’t thrilled to see me, though.”
There was nothing she could do from here. She was strapped to a bed and helpless.
"It's Piper or Pipes, not pup," she murmured. Her eyes were starting to close.
Circular robots came out of their hidden slots in the wall and started working on the mess. Tony brushed the glass from his clothes and hair. The smell of gin, brandy, and whiskey clung to his clothes. He showered. Then he went out to the beach. Steve was sitting at the shore. His shield rested beside him. Tony cautiously approached.
Steve was patient with the clumsy yet kind doctor, even when it took three tries for her to hit a vein.
“We have value. If we didn't, and we did something that went against them, they’d kill us instead of tolerating us. So, what did you see? Tell me everything even the most seemingly unimportant detail.”
“That’s great, honey. You can go.”
“I’ll be waiting in my office when you’re ready,” said Edith.
"I love you."
Be slow in approach, let him decide if he wants you close. Tell him if you’re going to touch him. Wrap him in something and let him scent you if he wants. And keep talking to him, and purr. Turn off all other sounds,” said Rhodes.
“How much have you had?”
He tossed the man a fortune cookie.
“What?! Why?” growled Tony.
"That would be improper. Do you wish me to ready the bath?"
“Only one more thing,” said Phil.
Fury stepped foot on the lab floor. He was hit by the distress emanating off of Captain Rogers.
While Tony cooked he looked over the groceries. A jar of Nutella caught his eye. It looked like spreadable chocolate. "What's this?"
The pup lost all interest in food, favoring the books. Even once he finished his share, she was still uninterested. He didn't understand. Why were books more fascinating than food? She whined loudly when he took them from her.
He smiled. It was never Uncle James or Rhodes. It was always Rhodey. The smell of pizza and birthday cake filled the air.
"To be fair, sir, you're still very much in bed."
“It’s good to have a reason to feel better,” said Steve.
“It burns you to have come so close. To have the Tesseract, have power, unlimited power and for what? A warm light for all mankind to share. And then to be reminded what real power is,” said Loki.
“When?”
“Who won?”
Winter didn't want her to go but didn't want her to stay either. The selfish urge to keep her near so he wouldn't be alone would make the
“We should go to my office. I have to remove your birth control and run some tests,” said Edith.
"Fifty no. And for maybe Hazel, Piper, Laurel," said Jarvis.
"You'll drive yourself crazy with what-ifs. There are no signs that anything is wrong. Even if there were we would find a way to handle," said Tony.
Tony shook his head clear.
“Oh, I’m starting to want you to make me,” said Tony.
“Their ages vary.”
Harley nodded.
“I’ve finished my work,” she said.
"You've already reached your snooze limit, Sir."
Steve nodded, handing his shield over.
Steve was waiting for him in the kitchen with a large first aid kit. He sat through Steve bandaging his injuries. They ate quietly.
"Please don't tell me there a twelve-year-old kid waiting in the car out there. That I've never met," said Tony.
The alpha showed him the guest and master bedroom. Then to the gym.
"Next to time, you'll need to be clear."
Steve scowled when a familiar floral scent touched his nose. What was she doing here? His frustration lessened slightly when she hugged them.
“You didn’t lock the door. You’re lucky I wasn’t, Stark,” she said.
He instantly stopped. It wasn’t easy for him to get to the level of anger required to growl.
“A distraction,” said Matt stepping into the boxing ring.
Tony smiled, kissing her head. “It’s a term of endearment,” he explained.
“You have to get him calm,” said Hill.
“You know I love you.”
Steve took off his shorts as soon as he got inside.“I don’t want to get sand in the bed."
“Okay,” groused Piper.
“They made us fight.” He turned his head. Rune didn’t think the girl was lying. What had the bad woman done to her memory?
“I wouldn’t call it a newsworthy story,” said Steve.
“Are you sure?” asked Thor.
Steve didn’t want to know what Nat would do to Kate if he told her. He may not be fond of her, but she didn’t deserve Natasha’s vengeance.
“How do you know that’s where he’ll be?” he asked.
“We aren’t having sex on the plane,” said Steve. But it was more of a temptation than he thought possible. He took a breath, trying to remember there was still a pilot on board.
“Working on a project,” said Tony.
Steve rolled his eyes.
Piper went to her room packing up her backpack. They took the subway there. Piper sighed dramatically when he dropped her off. She had her father’s sense of drama.
“How’s he been?”
“Dum Dum’s idea. He told me every great bike deserved a name. He had a thing for Doris Day, and the name stuck,” said Steve.
Steve nodded.
“Oh, and Martha Stewart volunteered to help with your wedding planning,” said Pepper.
“Still trying figure that out,” said Bruce.
Turner picked up on the slight on hesitation, but today wasn't the time to push on the issue. Today was meant for him to get a general feel of where Steve was.
“What?” Again, Lena’s voice was uninflected.
“We’ve got civilians trapped,” said Clint.
"I'm going to tell you this now it was your fault. Because I know you'll find some idiotic way to blame yourself."
Steve kissed him before going to the bedroom. Tony went to the couch and pulled his most recent hologram blueprint and started fine-tuning it. Piper kept trying to reach them. She was so fascinated by images.
He spent an hour with his aunt before giving Happy a call. Aunt Peggy insisted on walking him to the door.
"Soon," said Steve.
“Could you help me with something after breakfast?” asked Tony.
Tony rubbed his eyes. He could already feel the weight of the future sleepless night bearing down on his shoulders. He was a human living with two super soldiers. Tony kissed Steve one more time before leaving. He quietly went downstairs to the basement.
Steve only has six pairs of shoes. Tony tossed him a shirt and a pair of shorts.
“Steve.” He raised his head. “Do you want to know the story behind this?” asked Tony gesturing to his arc reactor.
Steve whined, raising his hips. Tony slid his underwear down his legs, tossing the garment aside. He spread his legs, whimpering.
“You went too far. What if something happens? You're supposed to protect our family!"
(New York is 17 hours behind Antarctica)
“Piper.”
The coast guard was searching the water underneath his home. His gut told him they wouldn't find Tony. He called upon their bond, hoping for a response. There was none. But the connection was present.
He put Piper in the playpen. She whined, pressing against the mesh barrier of the enclosure. "It will only be for a little while, Piper. I need to make dinner,"
Steve grew impatient around ten. He wasn’t thrilled about this. This wouldn't be easy for him either. And his curiosity was starting to chew away at him. Just a few minutes the alpha. He had to know what he missed.
Gary raised his sleeve revealing a poorly tattooed image on his forearm.
“And you never lied to your parents?”
Tony hit the floor as bullets flew past him. His armor wrapped around him, protecting him from the fray. He went sliding toward the cliff's edge.
“I can!" he said.
Tony got into bed. Steve huddled close.
Steve showered toweling dry his hair. He stopped in front of the mirror. He ran his fingers over the small bump. It wouldn’t be much longer until they knew the gender. After their honeymoon, Bruce would reveal what he learned from the samples they sent. Tony hugged him from behind. The alpha had been all over him since he started showing. Not that he minded the extra affection. Tony started licking his neck.
"Sir is awake."
gave his mate a heart attack. It was all he could think about. There was a knock on the door. He’d hoped it would be the doctor, but it was just Pepper and Happy.
Steve went to their room. He was so tempted to follow Steve, but he needed space. What had Rhodes said? He wanted to ask his friend but Steve would tell him in time. It pried at his curiosity, but he pushed it down. He had to refocus on his mind on something else.
Lena was impressed. Piper got Winter speaking for the first time in a year. And they were only introduced 48 hours ago. She hadn’t believed Winter would respond so quickly to Piper.
Steve growled.
“What’s scaring you?” asked Tony.
Pepper sighed heavily. "She's an extremely well-known talk show host. Going on her show will introduce you two formally as a couple to millions. She's respectful and appeals to a wide range of viewers."
“Four. I'll teach you all of them." Winter pulled a fighting dummy from the wall before continuing. “You pack a lot of power for being so small, but taking down a larger opponent, especially a highly trained one, will be difficult. Until you grow a bit, you’ll have to focus on the weak points. The throat, eyes, neck, groin, and gut," said Winter striking each point on the dummy.
“Better clench up, Legolas,” he said grabbed Clint before flying up.
“My alpha doesn’t enjoy the company of most omegas. It doesn’t matter if they’re in heat or not. You and Pep are some of the few it seems to like."
Steve’s jaw locked; nope, he was not falling for that bait. “We’re leaving now!”
“Already putting you to work. Why not travel the world? Go back to school?” asked Tony.
Steve sat next to the toilet. After two days of no morning sickness, his baby was getting revenge. His stomach was empty, but he kept dry heaving.
With tweezers, she managed to fish out all the tiny pieces of glass. She gulped sinking the needle into his skin. It was warm and slippery. She swallowed back her first instinct of throwing up, and took a deep breath once she was sure wasn’t going to vomit.
“Follow me,” said Natasha.
"I am safe. I'm not defenseless," he said.
“What?”
“That guy is a friendly?” said Steve.
Tony could think of something to do to pass the time. What would sex be like with Steve outside of heat? Steve laughed.
“A Nobel prize is among your vast list of awards?” asked Steve.
“Of course, we want you to wear a fetal monitor,” said Edith.
“You're not the only one. I’ll have to be constantly on guard,” he said.
“We’ll explore this later,” said Steve before placing a quick peck on Tony’s lips.
“You have to learn faster. I’ve been failing in your training,” said Winter.
“Please hurry.”
"To my lab. I'll be back when you need me."
"Is talking to me so painful? I promise I can be a wonderful company if given a chance," said Barny.
“What would Piper say if she saw you like this? You’re wasting away.”
*****
Rune nodded. He was shivering he couldn’t bare took even look at the man.
“If that’s true, Piper. We’ll make sure he gets the treatment he needs,” Steve repeated, unconvinced but also unwilling to argue to point.
Piper groaned.
"We have to tell each other when we see we're a the point. So please trust me when I say if you do this it may lead to a mental break. I don’t want to see our family more hurt than it already is if I can help it," he said.
She joined them at the kitchen island.
“Nothing I couldn’t handle," said Jarvis.
"Where will you be?" asked Steve.
“So you were outside?”
She felt sorry for him. With all, he lost he had the added worry of heat. She couldn’t imagine what he was going through. He was willing to give up one of the few alphas he was compatible with so it wouldn’t upset her. Guilt formed in the pit of her stomach.
Out of all the places in the world,
His hair looked like it hadn’t been cut for years. Same for the beard. When they finished their meal Theodore wiped the jam from her face.
Natasha took a small field computer from her pack. She plugged the binoculars into it. The images caught in the lenses were run through the S.H.I.E.L.D database. “Hm, doesn’t look like anything high level. Some low-level mercenaries."
Russia,” said Tony.
“I love you," said Steve.
Rune offered her a cookie. Taking a bite without looking. Frowning when she tasted oatmeal and raisins. Oatmeal was one thing, but
“A semi-retired army captain. What about you?” asked Steve.
Helmut scooped her up in a hug, kissing her. “That’s amazing news.”
“I believe it was. His grades were outstanding, but he was constantly getting into trouble. The only thing that kept him from getting expelled was Howard’s donations to the school. But I got to see him during the summer. Jarvis always brought him. Every day with Anthony was an adventure,” said Peggy.
Steve nodded.
Steve was at his desk, reading over the mission report. It posed too high a threat level for agents of average ability. Two S.H.I.E.L.D. teams visited abandoned Hydra base in the Carpathian Mountains and hadn’t returned. Fury wanted to know why. This may turn into a rescue mission, but Hydra didn't leave survivors. He put down the folder. Steve grabbed his bag and started unpacking. His fingers landed on a soft piece of unfamiliar fabric. He pulled out a red pillowcase.
“A key?”
“What?”
Banner smiled not paying him any mind. This joking communication was new to him. It bordered on annoying, but it was refreshing. But there was work to be done.
“Five hours. Sure, you don’t want to consider moving?” said Tony.
“Dr. Star.”
“Yes.”
“Why did you do it?!” screamed Rune.
“Tony!”
“Fine, you caught me," she said, tossing them back.
to tell me if you could?"
Steve nodded. Tony lead him to the shower. The two soaked under the hot water. Steve pressed closely to his mate, seeking security in his touch. Tony thoroughly washed him.
"Yes, Aunt Natasha and I are going to play." Steve emptied a box of Lincoln Logs in front of her. "Be good."
“You know stealing is wrong,” he said.
He thought she’d keep the public interest longer, but everyone in the outside world was moving on. Only he and Tony were trapped in the ongoing nightmare. All he could compare it to was the Lindbergh Baby. His disappearance never failed to be mentioned on radio or papers until the tragic discovery of its corpse. But that was a different time. Now, Piper, the now famous missing child, was already fading into the background and a new trial of the century.
Lena smirked. Piper’s bravery seemed dependent on wanting to protect someone.
Piper woke up a few hours later, knowing she wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep. But she gave it a try anyway, only to toss and turn for several wasted minutes.
"What do you have for me?"
Steve shed his clothes, wrapping a fluffy black towel around his waist. The tub filled with water. He eased himself into the water. It was the perfect temperature.
*****
“My sweet alpha what have you done to yourself.”
They spent the rest of the day together.
*****
Tony sat on the couch and patted the empty seat next to him, but Piper opted for the far end of the couch.
“They were dating two years-
"You need to eat, Steve."
He looked down. She joined him on the couch, offering him a pair of briefs and pants.
"Clint is guarding the room. He'll be fine. Now drink that."
Piper whimpered. Why was he yelling? Had she done something wrong? She'd try to do what she was supposed to do.
"This way we can control the narrative. Pepper will figure something out."
“You enjoyed it?” asked Steve.
*****
“Testing her startle reflex. In the first month of life pups instinctively spread their arm and legs away from their body at loud noises,” said Bruce.
“Go to the corner, Piper,” Lena said.
"There might be a fake one somewhere in the tower," said Tony with a shrug.
His brow furrowed, clearly not understanding something she said. All the words were pretty simple, Piper thought, except maybe regret.
Piper was stunned when he hugged her, cradling close to his chest. This was the first time he'd ever hugged her. It was almost painful, but she didn’t care. Piper hugged him back just as hard. She wanted this comfort so much. Piper buried her face in his chest and started crying.
“Take care of it."
Steve made his way down the steps, shield in hand. Tony hurried over to the woman.
“Winter?”
"Why are you here, Rhodes? If it's to tell me that the military has failed to find my daughter you've wasted a trip. If you knew anything new, I'd know it hours, maybe even days, before you."
“Take care of him,” said Rhodes.
“It’s like calisthenics. You might have of missed a couple of things while doing time as a Capsicile,” said Tony.
Tony paused at the pet store next to the bakery, staring at the goldfish displayed in the window. The story of Steve's goldfish came to mind. It might earn him some points. It would at least get him through the front door.
“Let me explain!” he begged.
“I decided to follow your lead and enjoy myself. You can join me if you aren't busy."
"Who are you sleeping with?"
“Paris or Amsterdam, but we wouldn’t be left alone there. I know you've always wanted to visit Louvre and Vincent Van Gogh Museum. But the other place I found is nice and secluded .” But it also had Wi-Fi for him.
Steve shrugged his shoulder and burrowed back underneath the blankets.
“No!” She couldn't be that vulnerable. Out of control, completely in the hands of someone, she didn't trust!?! If she didn't control it they would, Piper remembered what Winter had said. Lena didn't care about what she wanted. Lena wanted to take control.
“Tony, that’s a one-way trip.” He kept his voice strong. This had to be done, but the price being given would forever take a toll on him and their child.
“Dr. Zemo is going to kill us," said the tech.
Tony followed, marking Steve’s stomach with his seed. The omega went weak in the knees, leaning fully against him. Tony barely kept them standing. He lowered the two of them to the ground. Slick and Steve’s cum marked in his skin. The omega rested his head against his shoulder. It had been too long since it was that intense. The intensity must be due to the potency of Steve've heat pheromones. The levels must be heightened from long-term hibernation. That has to be it.
It would be faster to destroy the child's mind completely, but it would take years for Piper to recover. Edith’s record for turning an adult into a quivering puddle was twelve hours. A tough one could last eighteen hours with her.
"I won't."
Piper charged, hitting Winter with unexpected force. His back struck the wall, severely fracturing the glass. The pup hobbled back, panting heavily. The blue glow faded from her eyes as she collapsed. Alarms went off outside the cell.
"Never thought it would be easy," he said.
“Fortify the room."
“What? Look, I got a real job, you know. What do you want?”
“What’s on your mind?” asked Steve.
She nodded. He sniffed himself unable to pick up on any change but trusted there was a difference. With the sheer amount of sex they had, it wasn’t surprising that he carried the alpha’s scent.
"Already?"
“You have fifty missed calls."
"And you didn't go into heat after?"
"Let's turn to what happened last night. What was the triggering event?"
Steve nodded. "No one else."
"We should get going," said Tony.
While his mate slept, he stared at the ceiling. He was so tempted to leave. His hands idly twitched. Sleep something he needed but didn’t want. Those hours could be used better in his lab. Fuck, what kind of husband was he? He used to love the peacefulness of sleeping beside Steve. That joy was stolen. Sleep brought darkness and unknowing.
“Tony, you can’t hack into military systems. That’s treason.”
Piper could play for hours alone in her own little world and didn't seem to mind solitude at all. They'd tried introducing her to kids her own age but she showed little to no interest in them, preferring to be by herself. Every person invited to her birthday party was an adult.
A deafening silence filled the gap. He hated it. It was too quiet. Nothing filling the space.
Tony guides himself into the omega. Both gasping when he was fully seated. Steve’s arms wrapped around him hugging him close. Tony dug his fingers into the mattress collecting his control. Steve was frozen underneath him, trying to readjust, moving their hips together when he was ready.
“And I’ll make sure he gets it,” said Tony.
"It's the right thing to do. Do I need more reason than that?" said Matt.
“Are you sure it’s all right?” said Tony running his fingers over Steve’s stomach.
“Alright." She quickly took two samples.
Tony woke up to the image of Steve watching him. "Watching me sleep?"
*****
Before Steve could act the omega tackled the alpha. His moves were swift easily dodging the slow moves of his opponent, striking at his joints.
Steve’s breathing calmed.
Steve nodded. He moved away the alpha could remove his shirt, revealing a beautiful glowing blue circular light.
He placed it back in front of her so Piper ate the rest.
“There’s nothing to be afraid of.”
“Congratulations are in order,” said Thor.
Steve burst into the room. “What’s wrong?!” Forcing his voice into a calm, he started again. “Sweetheart, tell us what’s wrong so we can make it better.”
"I'm so sorry, Tony."
They worked through each exhibit. Half of them Tony couldn’t understand. He enjoyed Steve holding his hand, leading him from exhibit to exhibit. That smile so frequent as Steve tried to explain the artworks to him. They finally made it to Starry Night. It was a beautiful painting, but after, seeing he was ready to move on. He preferred something he could tactilely interact with. Steve seemed to see so lost in the painting.
“Are you a dog or cat person?” asked Steve.
"Comes with the territory. I suppose you can relate."
“I can’t. And they marked you,” said Winter.
"I don't want to be here. Tell me who they are, and I can leave."
“Then whose is it?” asked Piper. She'd like to know who to blame.
"The glass is specially made. It allows one to look out at the city without being seen,” said Jarvis.
“That will be more than enough,” she said. Five minutes would feel like an eternity to Piper.
Natasha was already halfway to the door. She took one last glance at the seaweed and then nodded. 'Yeah. I'll go and get it.'
Steve, Bucky and Tony hung back, allowing Clint and Natasha to scout ahead and look for animal tracks. He remembered an incident when Clint had actually found panther tracks and they'd immediately changed direction, heading the opposite way as fast as they could.
Thor placed both his hands on his brother's shoulders. 'I believe you, okay? I believe you. Do you want to tell this to everyone else, too?'
The voice was so heartbroken and desolate that Bruce didn't even have to look to know it was Thor.
'Yeah. 'M fine.'
Loki shook his head, his mouth twisting into a humorless grin. 'Why? Why should I answer that, brother? Do I really need a reason? It doesn't matter now, does it? I killed him, and you're going to kill me. Rumlow's right. Where's your justice now?' he taunted, but he was doing his best to avoid looking anyone directly in the eye.
'Steve's fine with me,' Bruce put in, and Thor nodded. 'He is fair. I am pleased with this arrangement.'
Steve nodded, absorbing all the new information.
'Am I seriously that obvious?'
'Really, Rogers, I thought we were past that stage. We both know you think I'm sexy.' Tony went back to tugging at the spring contraption which helped the launcher take off.
Natasha was afraid.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
'He's only fourteen, Barnes! He's just a child!'
Rumlow had managed to get the gag and the bonds off with the help of his sidekicks.
'Shit's fucked up, isn't it?' Tony said, his dark eyes watching Loki as the fourteen-year-old trailed after Rumlow. 'I think it's safe to assume that we're a pretty screwed-up gang,' Bruce told him, and he nodded, exhaling sharply.
Natasha's boots reappeared and she looked down at them. 'It's fine, you can come up, just be quick about it,' she told them, and gracefully pulled herself out of sight.
He took a gasping breath, furiously wiped at his face and whirled around.
'Any new developments?' Steve asked casually, and Bruce stopped a few feet away, brushing off Betty who'd come to ask him something.
'Nat - please, just calm down - we'll find him, okay? We're gonna find him, he can't be that far, whatever took him should be just there,' Bucky told her softly, a hand on her shoulder. 'Just breathe. You're a tracker. He's injured - so that equals blood trail.'
'Prince Thor, Miss Foster.' T'Challa's voice was just as courteous as Thor's. 'You have come at the right time. We are planning to send a scouting party to the drop ship, to see if there are any survivors. Do you wish to come?'
'Yeah. Bucky. Bucky is a ridiculous name for anybody, really, and I refuse to call you that.'
Steve's voice was crackling but he could hear the indignation in his words.
The wound on the animal's leg was made by a knife.
'How dare you? Bob is a
His head began to spin and he froze.
They pushed past him and down into the trapdoor. There were stairs, but it was musty, dark and smelled horrible. Natasha tried her best to breathe through her nose as they made their way through HYDRA's outpost. The stairs led them to a long hallway with several hallways branching off from it. Loki, who seemed to know the place quite well, held a finger to his lips, went ahead, peeked through a doorway and gave them the thumbs-up.
woah, i wrote this chapter so fast i'm pretty sure there must be around a hundred mistakes in both grammar and spelling, and i'm too lazy to edit. oof. if there's anything wrong please tell me, i guess. also - steve's a certified self-sacrificial dumbass. but he's also a cinnamon roll, so i can't be mad at him, but still! ugh. i don't know why i do this to myself.
'Should I call -?'
'Thanks, I woke up like this.'
And she liked it that way. The Widow works best alone.
He arched an eyebrow. 'I call bullshit.'
Tony tried to tell her she was wrong, and that he was free to do as he liked, and being gay was who he was, not a choice and he couldn't change it, and that sometimes he wanted to die because of how they treated him, but he couldn't get any words out.
Tony was about to say something snarky in reply when he heard Thor yelling something.
now that's off my chest i can now say that my dialogue skills are terrible and i want them taken away and i don't know why i started writing a multi-chapter fic which involves so much social contact when i prefer writing monologue and long descriptions in one-shots anyway.
Ah, yes. Speaking. Now if only he could remember how to do that...
Thor froze. He looked at Tony's panicked expression and then slowly backed away from the pink liquid.
He sighed and rested his head against the tree he'd chosen to lean on. He didn't know where Loki was, but that wasn't uncommon. All of the people he'd grown close to over the past three days - Clint, Steve, Bruce - were either out of camp or, like in Steve's case, sitting with their childhood buddies, and Thor didn't want to intrude.
What were you doing? Why didn't you let me do the speaking?' Natasha snapped.
She took a deep breath, looking around her. In the morning when Bruce had woken her she was so awestruck by the scenery, the view, the animals, the plants - everything. The happy light in her eyes reminded Bruce of how much those in space were missing and why they had to try and communicate with them as soon as possible.
'How? I mean - we're, like, the only humans on Earth, everyone else is in space.'
'He walked away before I could.'
yeah, lots of angst in the next chapter. anyways, that's all from me, have a great day, see you tomorrow and lots of love,
She'd been so close. So very, very close. Natasha's plan had been near perfect. She'd managed to get onto the Helicarrier without detection at all, a stowaway on a craft that had gone to the Russian space station to trade supplies. Her escape route had been planned as well, another craft heading back to Mir, but this time for political reasons.
'Yeah, why?'
'Wow, I really am loved,' he said, trying an attempt at a grin, and then wincing when bolts of pain shot through his body.
'I am not having this conversation with you right now. Stark, get up before I kick you.'
'I'm fine, Pep, but Steve isn't, and we need to get him back,' he had said urgently.
Steve, who had Clint's quiver slung across his shoulders, gave Tony a swift glance and then followed her. Tony tried not to think too much about that and went after Natasha.
Thor watched Loki out of the corner of his eye.
'I'm honored,' Loki replied sardonically.
The scene at camp was oddly domestic. He could see Bucky and Natasha sitting together in a corner, talking quietly. Wade and a blind delinquent called Matt Murdock were sparring in the center of camp, Matt somehow beating Wade in almost all the matches.
'I don't think we're going to survive more than a few nights,' she remarked, hoping her statement was morbid enough to distract him. It was. 'Why would you say that?' he asked curiously, 'We seem to be doing pretty well. At least they didn't send us down without supplies. We've got three boxes of knives and preserved food and tarp and other stuff. We could make it.'
Steve wondered when it happened. He'd always thought his first kiss would be Peggy, his first love. It shouldn't have come as a surprise when he fell for Tony, though, considering the fact that he'd loved Peggy so much for her soft brown curls, her sharp wit, her slim hips, her broad shoulders and her ability to kick ass. When she had to move away to her home space station he'd been devastated.
Fifteen minutes later, all of Thor's friends were gathered in the drop ship. Steve had been allowed to come up because it was important. Bucky, Natasha, Wanda, Bruce, Tony, T'Challa, Valkyrie and some others were standing in a circle around Loki, who had finally allowed Thor to clean his wounds.
'Yeah, yeah, keep gloating over my pathetic fate,' Steve mumbled, but he was smiling too.
'A what?'
'Me?' he squeaked.
'Yeah, it's about those other people. We know who they are.'
'She was in a drop ship. We were stargazing and we saw her pod land,' Jane explained.
He was home.
Then suddenly the entrance to the underground whatever-it-was lit up.
'Hey, have you seen Tony?' he asked Scott, who was passing by.
'Hey, what the fuck? That's cheating!' she cried, following close on his heels. 'Do I look like I care?' he yelled back at her.
'Not to my knowledge. What's so secret?'
Natasha.
'Does he know exactly when HYDRA's going to attack?'
(See the end of the chapter for
He walked around the room. Hopefully Loki wouldn't come back and see him free from his bonds. Or maybe he should. Then Tony could take his revenge. Being gagged and tied up by a fourteen-year-old was utterly humiliating and he couldn't wait to get out of there and never think about it again.
'Fine. But if you die I
'Yeah, he's fine. He's in that other bunker with Stark and they'll be okay as long as they don't do some stupid shit like open the hatch. Clint, however...'
Bruce was about to leave as well when Rumlow began coughing blood.
Morbid, but everyone agreed that if they needed to kill some secret murderous organization to stay alive then they would do it.
Tony was now circling the drop ship, looking for an area where the soil was softer and easier to remove. He was breathing fast and trying to walk as quickly as he could. Bucky arrived with shovels and their other friends, all of them with tight, anxious faces.
Tony sighed and sat down next to him. 'I mean, what are we going to do about us, Steve?' he clarified. Steve froze.
Thor's little brother, Loki.
She gazed down at her arms in horror as red welts began to appear.
Natasha wanted to stay and watch, but she knew that if she were to go out and look for the ingredients of the poultice she would have to conserve her energy. Also, the wave of relief that washed over her was so strong she felt herself tearing up and immediately looked away. When James tapped her on the shoulder she followed him with no arguments at all.
Natasha's eyes widened and she placed down both of the cups she'd been holding.
'Really?'
'They did it on purpose, they knew he would come here,' Steve muttered, mostly to himself.
'You're not, because you're going to collapse any moment. Both of you literally haven't eaten or drank anything for the past twenty hours. There is no way you're staying here.'
Huge trees towered over him, their foliage dotted with pretty white flowers. Tall, delicate flowering bushes swayed in the wind, the sky was the color of cornflowers, and the breeze smelled earthy and fresh. The sun warmed his skin for the first time in his entire life and he dropped to his knees, running his hands over the ground, whooping. Behind him he heard the remaining ninety-eight kids stepping out of the spacecraft, making similar sounds of joy and surprise.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
He ducked and rolled, trying not to get shot and nearly shitting himself in fear, but he was internally grinning. Friends. He had friends, people who joked with him, not about him, and teased him with no malice and didn't beat him for getting teased back, people who cared.
Ignoring the jibe, Clint darted to the Asgardian's side and gaped at the collection of bows. If he thought the arrows were heaven, then the bows were definitely God himself in weapon form.
For the most part, she ignored Barnes. He was handsome and he knew it, but she knew that she wasn't lacking in the looks department either, so that gave her a boost of confidence. They'd both been eyeing each other up - Barnes, especially, he clearly didn't know the meaning of being subtle - but she didn't expect that they'd both be holed up in a bunker together.
He took one of the shovels himself and began to plow away at the dirt, clearing out a section large enough for them to go underneath the ship. He knew that there was a small bottom level in the drop ship, beneath the seats, where all the wiring and the battery and the other technical stuff which couldn't be included in the walls or control room were located.
'I'm bow-shopping. She's planning how to first blow my brains out and then castrate me. Nothing out of the ordinary,' Clint told him, his face deadpan.
'Wow, you're full of surprises today, Rogers. Don't act so cocky, that's my thing.'
She was turning the knife over in her hands, Pietro's blood still on it. Her jaw was clenched and her green gaze was cold. Barnes slipped to her side and looked down at the knife - and his hands curled into fists. 'You don't think...'
'No problem.'
'It's highly explosive hydrazine. It can cause devastation in its raw form. Watch.' He got out a water bottle, tipped out its contents, filled it with the hydrazine and threw it.
'I'm telling you, man, I
'Why not?'
Thor stood up. He didn't think he could bear sitting in the same room with his brother anymore. He headed towards the hatch, eyes downcast. Loki didn't say anything else. Thor hefted the hatch open and placed his foot on the first rung of the ladder when Loki called out to him.
But even though Loki was a murderer Thor still loved him. Something had gone wrong along the way but Thor still believed that Loki was a good person, underneath all the lies and the trickery and the deceit.
'Nothing. I guess I'm just tired, is all.'
If you had more than one kid you were floated and anyone who helped you conceal the other kid would either be put in jail or floated as well. Wanda and Pietro's mother had twins, nothing she could control, but she hid it from everyone and only presented Pietro to the world. His younger sister Wanda was hidden - no one knew she existed until she snuck out of her family's cabin and was caught by the guards.
Bruce looked back at the bloody carnage outside of the drop ship. The clever ones had made a run for the lookout posts and were sitting up there, far from the sick delinquents. T'Challa was ordering everyone to stay in camp and to not go to the bunker because they didn't know if the Grounders were lying in wait or not.
Those qualities weren't very helpful to him but he never needed to talk much anyway, since he had spent most of his life studying and in the laboratory. He never thought he'd need them. Of course, he had been wrong.
The mood dampened considerably after that announcement, and everyone chose corners to sleep in without further gossip.
But everyone unanimously agreed that putting children on death row was inhumane, so they got to be put in holding cells instead. And once they turned eighteen, they were floated - tossed into space. That punishment was non-negotiable. It was a waiting game.
Bruce shook his head. 'I've never treated acid burns like this before. I don't think there's anything we can do now.'
'Loki, no!' Thor said angrily.
Everyone had a little beauty in them. You just had to look for it, and once you did, you really couldn't tear your eyes away. Human beings were so strong, resilient, stunning - they may be a bit damaged, but they overcame all their challenges and rose to the top, and Thor really couldn't get enough of that. He just couldn't wrap his mind around it.
'You'll die!'
She gave him a look so scornful it would have put Stark and his holier-than-thou attitude to shame.
'What?'
Everyone trooped out, except for Clint, who had to stay in the bunker - doctor's orders. She hung out with him for a bit, waiting for everyone to leave, and then she climbed out.
A twitching delinquent lay on the ground, covered in burns, her eyes clouded over. She was trying to speak but nothing came from her mouth except for a gargling, indecipherable string of noises. Her hands clawed uselessly at the dirt and her legs were kicking slightly. She was dying.
The next thing he knew, he was tied to a tree stump, gagged and unable to move, his wound somehow cleaned but still throbbing in intense pain. He'd looked around, tried to free himself, tried to call out his friends' names - tried to do anything, really - but eventually fatigue and distress took over and he blacked out again.
'Muh-jol-nir? Weird.'
'What's going on?' he asked her, puzzled.
Steve raised his eyebrows. 'Woah, there's nothing to get so mad about.'
(See the end of the chapter for
'Hey, don't beat yourself up, man. Sometimes we can't help who we're related to, or who we love. We just gotta deal with it but we shouldn't give ourselves a hard time, either. Because once in a while, holding on hurts more than letting go,' Clint said easily, and Thor turned to look at him. 'Sometimes you say deep, meaningful things like that and the other times you trip over your own feet. Choose a side, Barton,' he said firmly, and Clint laughed.
Steve let out a sharp exhale and caught sight of Bucky and Natasha. 'Hey, Buck, Nat. As you can see, that was an absolute shitshow.'
As soon as Steve had entered the drop ship, Rhodey and Pepper had removed his gag and bonds. His friends had immediately crowded around him, speaking in low voices.
They'd been walking for around half an hour? Maybe more?
If Clint knew Fury, he would be none of those things.
It was actually pretty good.
Steve's eyes darted to the direction Rumlow pointed in, keeping the other boy and the barrel of the gun in his peripheral vision at all times. Rumlow had indicated the far left corner of the drop ship, which wasn't cluttered by any supplies or seats. It used to be a living space for the delinquents before Steve moved them all out to make space for the sick.
He knew it was a bad idea - he was already weak from the sickness and he had been poisoned and stabbed a few days back, but he wasn't about to let Tony go out there alone and set up the bomb. He wanted to be there with him.
For the second time in two days.
Not one, not two, but three people told Clint to fuck off at the same time.
They both looked at the smoking spacecraft, damaged from both the short free-fall in space and the rocky landing.
'Yeah, right. You don't have to hide everything, Natasha. Sometimes it's better to just let it all out.'
Steve was the first to greet them, his blue eyes flicking over the trio.
Tony whirled on him. 'Nothing? Are you dumb, Rogers? The entire world is out to get us and you're saying it's nothing? Not everyone has lived the happy-go-lucky, perfect American life you've had, okay? Stop acting like dumb shit like this is going to change anything. We're screwed and that bald dickhead in space is doing nothing to help us!'
'He'll be fine,' Bruce said finally, and she swore that Tony almost cried.
He knew then that Steve was still okay and was fighting. He needed to get the doors open.
'Buck, we're not like them, okay? We aren't going to gun them down, it's not what we do -'
'No, it's fine. Listen, James - I wanted to talk.'
Then Rumlow called out, his voice muffled by the walls separating them, 'You can't get the doors open, don't try!'
'Nothing much, really -' began Steve, just as Thor said, 'We're going to confer with HYDRA!'
Tony didn't have time. He had to keep moving. The sun was already rising and they would all likely die if he didn't get this damn bomb on the bridge.
Steve wheezed and began to retch again. Angrily, he held up a hand, signalling Bucky to stay back, and stumbled into the drop ship, where Bruce and Betty were caring for the sick delinquents. He hadn't felt this bad since the old days, when he was a skinny scarecrow with asthma and around ten other disabilities.
He knew it and he hated it.
Clint recognized her as Darcy, the girl Thor said had a crush on him. Well, if a pretty girl who liked him was offering to share food with him - he didn't see why he should decline.
The girl seemed to collect herself and turned to Steve. Bruce recognized her as Pepper Potts. She wiped away her tears and faced them with steely eyes.
He grinned. 'Not very good, but progress is progress.'
'The lander activated,' Tony said into the silence. When they looked at him, he clarified, 'The lander is a brace of parachutes, it's designed to activate to help our landing. We're fine now, it's working.' He heard the sighs of relief go around the room.
Immediately he heard people unbuckling their seats and getting up. He did that as well, his legs slightly wobbly, and pushed through the crowd to get to the two bodies on the floor. He crouched beside them, eyebrows creased, and checked their pulse. Both were undeniably dead.
don't really have much to say other than yea, i killed off pietro. y'all knew it was gonna happen eventually. i've even put it in the tags. he's destined to die. sorry, pietro, but it is what it is ✌(-‿-)✌
She smirked. 'If you tell me which one is the antidote, I won't go around spilling all your secrets.'
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥
'Sorry, sorry!' he yelped, reaching out and steadying her. He'd had to do a lot of steadying today, he realized. Maybe it was a quality of his - bump into people and then steady them because you're way taller and bulkier and therefore have as much of a chance as falling over as a tree.
'Just like being a mechanic was?' He nodded to Valkyrie's direction.
Bruce and Betty didn't count. Clint was grateful for them, obviously, but they could still go out in the open without having at least three people scream, another six berate them incessantly, and around nine pick them up and physically carry them back to the bunker.
'That's Barton,' he told her, but she was already sprinting to the ladder. She knew.
Strapped in a seat, with blood on her forehead and her eyes closed, was Brunnhilde.
'Yes, but there's complications,' butted in Tony. 'Is this wire tapped? Or broadcast? Or can anyone else listen in?'
'No violence yet. At least for Thor's sake,' she told him, glancing at Thor, who hadn't spoken a word since they'd captured Loki.
She was right. The squirrel's face was oddly proportioned, but it was looking away rather than looking right at them. Clint picked up a rock, aimed, and hit a branch underneath the one the squirrel was perched on. It immediately turned to look at the source of the noise and everyone gasped.
'Is not wanting to see you a good enough reason?' he asked innocently, and Steve reddened.
Behind him were two other HYDRA agents. They were wearing headgear and face guards, so Natasha could only see their eyes. She felt the effects of the whiskey she drank kicking in, but it was just one glass. She could handle a lot more. She wasn't worried. James and Natasha stopped
'Who else?' she asked him, her voice flat.
The delinquents stepped into the tunnel and carefully shut the door behind them.
Natasha was eyeing Loki. She looked just as hesitant as Thor. When she looked up to meet his gaze, he saw his own uneasiness reflected there, and he was glad to know he wasn't the only one watching their backs. As much as he loved his brother, Loki was calculating and cunning from a young age. He always had an ulterior motive.
He looked up and nearly had a heart attack.
he told himself,
insult Bob.'
'Are there any more? One gun isn't going to be very helpful in a camp of ninety-eight delinquents,' she remarked, and he was about to reply when he was cut off by a scream.
'Great, that's a fucking miracle. Blankets. They're saving our lives, blankets,' he said bitterly.
'Because it's easy to get away with.'
He wasn't ashamed to admit he'd openly sobbed.
'No, that's not what I meant. See, what's the point of letting them cross the bridge in the first place? If we could set up a bomb using that hydrazine stuff then they won't be able to come over, and that'll delay the attack,' Bucky said earnestly.
Thor said angrily. 'Fighting is accomplishing nothing!'
awesome. When you think it's me, no matter how much I protest, you still beat the shit out of me. But here you have a confession and you're not even going to acknowledge that? Where's your justice now, Wilson? Weren't you kicking me in the dick just a few moments ago? What's wrong, Rogers?'
'I'm trying to help you! Killing someone isn't the answer to everything, Wade!' Peter said, panicked.
Barney had gotten his father's rage and his addiction to drinking, so by the time Clint was thirteen he had two tormentors in his life.
'Yeah, well, clearly not. I don't know, maybe they holed out in more of those bunkers?'
Natasha rolled her eyes. 'You're drunk off your ass, Clint. Ever stop to think about the fact that you nearly died a few days ago?'
Tony began to work on the wires. He knew if he had to hot-wire the doors open he had to find the circuit for the buttons and manipulate it so he could get the doors open manually, or at least deactivate the circuit so Barnes and the others could break down the doors.
Natasha still didn't know what to think of him. Sure, the kiss was nice. It was more than nice, if she was being honest. They hadn't fucked, or anything - they'd just sat up in the bunker for most of the night, talking about anything and everything. He'd told her how he lost his arm, she'd told him about her hard life growing up - but she never mentioned anything about the KGB or how she was an assassin from the Red Room.
'Bunker. You were out for almost a whole day. Natasha and Bruce were sitting with you the whole time. Natasha left maybe six hours ago with Bucky to get herbs for the poultice,' she said, and Clint could definitely detect the quiver in her tones.
'What do you think almost killed me? I need to get them back,' Clint said matter-of-factly, narrowing his eyes at the blood on the bedspread.
There were nods and noises of assent.
'We know who they are but we believe they're in cahoots with someone important in the Helicarrier. Someone on the Council,' Steve explained.
He arched an eyebrow. 'Is it so bad to want to talk to a fellow delinquent?' She shrugged. 'Depends on the delinquent.' He grinned at her and held up his own knife. 'Mind if I join you?' She did mind, but before she could say anything he moved closer and sat on a rock just a foot away.
He raised an eyebrow. 'Natasha Romanoff both stuttering and in shock? I'm at a loss for words.'
Loki seemed to be getting into his stride.
Loki and the other two whirled around and disappeared into the forest.
'I was... taken,' Rumlow rasped, prompted by Wade prodding him in the side roughly with a boot.
'I'm as okay as you can get if you're carrying a bomb to blow up a bridge in the middle of nowhere while slowly dying, I guess.'
'What are you on about?' Bucky began, but then caught sight of the drop ship hurtling through the sky.
'Can you teach me how to?'
Steve hesitated. 'I've reconsidered.'
whipped,' he told her, and she grinned.
And he must've known about the whole 'send them to Earth' thing, because a mission like that couldn't be planned in just a few weeks. It took months of decision-making, voting and careful plotting. Which meant she owed him her life, much to her chagrin. Her instructors had told her better dishonor than death or else all their hard work would go to waste, but she would rather die than owe somebody something.
'Don't bullshit me,' Rumlow said angrily. 'You know damn well why this is happening, and you can't lie your way out. Get over there, now.'
Maybe Tony wasn't so bad after all.
'It's almost night. I wanted to show you the stars,' she told him.
Okay. No smiling.
'Of course I do, dumbass. I won't for much longer if you keep making smart remarks, though,' she warned, but there was a teasing glint in her eye.
They ran for another five minutes and then Clint had to stop, wheezing, his stab wound sending sparks of pain throughout his body. They walked back to camp from then on, not saying a word to each other, resolutely staying silent the whole way.
Already there was a crowd gathering at the gate. Steve and Bucky were outside, guns at the ready, and behind them the crowd followed. Other delinquents emerged from their tents, wide-eyed and scared.
She noticed the change of her name. 'I'm sorry,' she repeated quietly, standing up.
Clint was going to murder Loki any day soon.
He took a careful bite.
'You'd better go speak to your brother,' she told him, as she followed Tony and James. 'He's hurt, too.'
'Deal,' Steve said, grinning.
He quickly punched in the code to the door, which he only knew because of his father, pressed a couple of other buttons and the doors slowly ground open.
Clint wrinkled his nose. 'Wow, your family's obsessed with Norse mythology.'
Finally, Steve said, 'Thank you, Loki.' He said it sincerely, and Loki gave him a tentative smile.
Steve ignored him and stepped closer, holding him up. He reached for Bucky to try and support him as well but he began to gag and he stumbled.
'What's wrong? You haven't been talking much at all.'
Tony groaned and tried to lift his head.
'Okay, do it fast,' Steve said impatiently, tension in his shoulders.
He took one step forward, tripped, and fell.
Fucking nature.
Steve took the lead again, going in the same direction they'd chosen before, towards the hill. Everyone was much more comfortable with each other and he heard quiet conversations going on in the background as the delinquents got to know each other more. Bucky jogged to catch up with him and they both walked together in amicable silence.
'All of you need to calm down. It's a horrible thought, sure, but if we go back there and scream that everyone's loved ones are dying it will just cause panic and confusion. First we're going to need a radio, or something to message the Helicarrier with, because I don't think they're going to come down after their system interprets - what, ten casualties? More?'
Stunned, he stepped out of the spacecraft and onto the ground. It was springy, and green, and blue, and oh, so beautiful.
She'd aimed the sniper rifle at him when he was giving a speech to the residents of the Helicarrier, in order to create the chaos that was instrumental to avoiding detection. She'd taken her shot - and it had hit the mark - but she hadn't escaped the eye of Fury's guard dog.
'That is all I have to say for now. Be sure to broadcast the Unity Day celebrations. Remember to build walls around your camp and investigate the emergency aid depot. Stay safe.'
'I'm not staying here any longer, I don't want to die,' Loki muttered, turned on his heel, and stalked away.
Tony heard muted gasps and squeals of excitement. Everyone leaned forward as Fury began explaining what they were going to do on Earth and how they were going to survive, and how brave they were for being the first to step on Earth in a hundred years. He didn't explain why they were going, much to Tony's frustration.
'I don't underst - oh, look, there's Darce. Bye, Nat!' Clint stood up, almost fell over, but still managed to walk over to the brunette, who gave him a smile and handed him another cup.
'It's fine, I'm just not used to it, I guess. So, anyways, my father thought the arc reactor made me weak. It just made him dislike me more. When I got older it got worse. He used me as his own punching bag. I still have bruises from like, three years ago, I think.'
Steve, Bucky, Natasha and Tony had all stood up and made to run towards Clint at the same time, but all of them were too late. Clint was yanked up into the air and simply disappeared.
Thor did see it. It was vague, sure, but he could make it out.
Okay, that was better.
Ah. Welcome back, Steve's old and forever-by-his-side companion, the so
He didn't want to see the flares. He just wanted to get away from Steve.
aight, first chapter out, it's like 5 am and I've gotten like 15 minutes of sleep, so bear with me if the plot structure is terrible and the setting is an absolute mess. my hoe ass really can't think straight right now.
'Hurry up,' the other boy snapped, clearly getting impatient. He cocked the pistol, as if to remind Steve that he could kill him at any time, but Steve wasn't convinced. Rumlow would've shot his brains out long before he could even open his mouth if his main objective was to just kill Steve and be done with it.
Who?'
what Stark's building. He came over to ask me for gunpowder and ignition. By the way, what's your relationship status? How many milestones have you crossed?'
'Darcy?' he croaked, finally managing to blink open his eyes.
'Not interested, Barton. I came because you were blabbing something about a hunting trip and I'm
'I brought back something for you, brother,' Loki said, before Thor could say anything.
When they were outside and she shut the door behind her, he turned to face her with the same charming smirk.
'That is very true,' Bruce agreed. 'Do you have any idea why they're fighting?' Wanda nodded. 'Rumlow and his gang wanted to remove their wristbands, to convince the Helicarrier they were dead and therefore the planet was unsafe to live on. He was holding some girl's arm over the fire to give the impression that she was suffering and then he cut off her wristband so they would believe she died of natural causes. I don't think it would do much, seeing as we have been living here for a day now and we're fine, but who knows? And he managed to get Thor's little brother Loki to follow him, which is why Thor's pinning him to the ground now.'
Steve popped the nuts into his mouth, still smiling.
James arched an eyebrow at Tony, clearly surprised at the sudden change of heart in Tony Stark, fuckboy extraordinaire.
Steve and Tony were left facing each other. 'Are you really not hungry or did you just miss me?' Tony asked, his smirk growing wider. Steve flushed. 'I had a lot yesterday -' 'Yeah, right. Pretty sure all you got yesterday was a knuckle sandwich, which thankfully didn't mess up your pretty face,' Tony scoffed.
Thor didn't say anything. He was just standing there, looking at Loki, who looked right back at him, his gaze still burning with defiance, daring him to say something. Thor didn't take the bait and turned away, walking in the opposite direction, his head bowed. Loki watched him go with an emotion akin to regret in his eyes, but when he saw Bruce watching he immediately steeled his expression.
It was cold, disgusting and Steve frankly couldn't bear it.
Clint nearly choked on the piece of meat he'd just eaten. He spluttered for a few moments while Natasha watched unperturbed and, when he finally swallowed, he stared at her in shock.
'Steve, wait!'
'I will stab you.'
'Greetings, T'Challa,' Thor said respectfully.
'No shame in admitting you did.'
Clint was walking with Natasha, who had decidedly been avoiding them for the entire journey - Bucky especially, he realized - when they finally reached the end of the tunnel.
yes! I called it!'
'Steve, you have to shoot now!' he whispered harshly into his walkie-talkie.
Steve told him all that Loki had said. Fury's eyebrows rose progressively higher during the tale and when Steve was done, Fury's eyebrows were so high up his scalp Bruce was sure that if he had hair, his eyebrows wouldn't be visible at all.
They all came running over and Tony purposefully kept his eyes away from Steve as they took a look at the blood.
Hours later, Clint was woken up by Darcy prodding him in the side. Blearily he opened his eyes. 'What the fuck is happening?' 'The storm's over now. I think,' she said. He sat up, rubbing sleep out of his eyes. Most of the other delinquents on the top floor of the drop ship were awake.
Steve exhaled softly, trying not to think about that too much. Tony was a bad influence. From start to end, he'd been nothing but trouble for Steve. Now if Steve could just accept that fact and be done with it, his life would be a lot more simple.
'You know, maybe that prison cell wasn't so bad after all,' Bucky muttered, lying facedown in their makeshift tent.
'I didn't - never mind,' he said, raising his hands in surrender. 'Just - be smart about what you hide and what you give away, because all that's going to come and bite you in the ass later.'
He definitely did
'This is your fault -' began Bucky, but Steve cut him off.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Don't be. You?'
Darcy sneaked a quick glance at him, the edge of her mouth curling up. 'Who exactly did you leave behind?' He smirked back. 'Steve and Tony, in one bunker, and Bucky and Natasha in the other,' he told her, holding back a giggle. Her eyes widened. 'You little shit. You clever little shit. You're evil, you know that, right?'
It was made by a human.
He turned to Bucky, whose face reflected Steve's thoughts.
'No problem, man. They're setting up the flares now, they're almost done, Valkyrie says we should light it up now or else we may be too late.'
'Oh, you do care about me,' he said cheerfully, and she smacked him lightly.
'I knew him, Thor. He's the son of Commander Odin, everyone in Asgard knew him,' Valkyrie commented.
The two of them made their way to the Wakandan prince. Thor connected with T'Challa on many levels. Firstly, they were both from foreign space stations that weren't officially joined with the others on Unity Day. Secondly, they were both royals - sons of Chancellors, carrying on a legacy. Thor knew T'Challa had been thrown in jail when seeking revenge for the death of his father.
Another round of flares were released.
And just like that, it hit her.
The three of them ducked out of the tent. Steve called over Valkyrie, who was sitting next to Okoye and sharpening a knife, and then turned to Tony and Bruce.
But who knew? Maybe he was willing to do some good, for a change.
'Yeah, we can,' Tony had interrupted, realizing that Barnes was right. 'We can go under it but we can't break through the floor. We'd need saws and drills and it'll take a long time, not to mention Rumlow'll probably hear it. I think if we get under I can hot-wire the drop ship doors open and we can storm Rumlow.'
Tony could hear the noise now. Horse hooves, footsteps, metal clanking - he heard an engine, too. His anxiety heightened and he could hear his breath coming in sharp exhales. There was blood dripping onto the ground but he couldn't care less.
Once his hands were free, he got rid of the rope around his ankles, stood up and went over to the door.
Steve and the others shadowed Natasha as she carefully followed the animal tracks, which Steve could barely see, but if she did, who was he to say anything? She was frowning slightly as she went along, though, and the tracks got more clearer and clearer, even a few blood drops appearing. The animal was clearly injured.
He nodded. 'The god of thunder is my namesake! I will honor him in both character and choice of weapon,' he declared.
Against his will, Tony sat up straight and looked directly into the eyes of Howard Stark.
'Get out and get ready,' he whispered to Barnes, 'I'll get these doors open.' Barnes nodded and crawled back out. He heard him relaying Tony's message to the others.
‘I have a gun here, and I’m gonna blow your boy’s brains out if you try anything funny,’ he warned.
'I don't think that prattling could be considered a speech, let alone motivational.'
'You have to believe me -'
She nodded. 'Who we are and who we need to be to survive are two very different things, Banner,' she said softly.
He sat in a corner by himself, furiously rubbing at his arms. Occasionally he thought of Natasha, who he'd purposefully left with Barnes, and wondered if she was stuck in the storm or had the common sense to stay inside. He also thought about Fury - whether the old man missed him, if he was okay, and if he was monitoring Clint closely.
If they got into that area they could find the wires to manually open the drop ship door. If only they could tell Steve that he needed to distract Rumlow as much as possible.
'The radio's working! And he connected the screen from your drop ship so that's working as well! We're gonna talk to the Helicarrier, they're gonna come down!'
'Alright, start digging here,' Tony instructed, 'and try to make as less noise as possible.'
Steve arched an eyebrow. 'Oh, really? She'd have to change her plans, then. Not sure if there's anything to blow out. Or castrate, too.'
'People don't change, do they?' Bucky agreed ruefully. 'What do you think happened to those kids who removed their wristbands? Did they manage to convince anyone else, or...?'
She played with the hem of her shirt, unsure how to proceed, and then decided to be upfront.
'Who told you to come? With guns, no less?'
He stiffened. She saw him tense and she internally winced, but it was too late to take back her words.
He saw a gorgeous redhead, a blond boy with a cheeky grin and hair sticking up everywhere, a fifteen year old girl with long brown hair, a quiet-looking dark haired boy with glasses, and a heck ton of others who he'd never seen before, before he found Rhodey and Pepper. Pepper was just a few seats away but Rhodey was nearly on the other side of the craft.
She turned to the two others, who were still glaring at her, and she set her jaw, a steely glint in her eyes.
Steve closed his eyes for a long moment, and then opened them. 'Stay here until you feel better, and then get out or else I'll let those two shoot you in the head,' he told Rumlow flatly, and then stalked out.
'I know Steve is important to both of you, but Loki's fourteen. You can't be suggesting torture. All three of you, leave the room.'
why me?' Clint groaned dramatically, falling onto Natasha, who smacked him away with a disgusted look on her face.
Tony seemed awed. He was completely in his element, excitedly darting from the morningstars to the shiny belt buckles, shuffling through all the notepads and the papers and the material left by whoever used the laboratory last.
Tony stared at him with wide open eyes as Steve collapsed to the ground. The angle at which Loki was standing - he would have hit Tony in the back, directly in the chest, ruined the arc reactor - and Tony would've been dead in minutes.
'It is wonderful!'
He loved being a bad influence on people.
He propped himself up on his elbows. He was in someone's tent, lying on the mess of sleeping bags and sheets they had inside. He wasn't wearing anything except for his boxers. Was he really that drunk last night? To be fair, it was Unity Day. He was allowed to have a little fun, right?
Even if it were it would be impossible for long-range communication, especially to someone in outer space. Something went wrong with the radio signal - either when we entered Earth's atmosphere or when we landed.'
'Closing yourself off from the rest of the world isn't going to help you at all, Natalia, and trust me, I should know. How exactly do you think I lost my arm? In a fucking battle. And I know everyone's different and you probably have been through a lot worse, but just try, okay? There's a lot of things better in the world than solitary confinement.'
'Let's go, shall we?' she asked, and the two of them made their way out of camp.
'Where - where are the others?' Clint asked her.
Maybe it was the fact that her recent emotional breakdown over Clint had opened up old wounds and reminded her of her sister. Maybe it was the fact that she'd started killing long before Loki and something about him reminded her of herself - a broken, haunted child.
'I don't think so. What would your brother say, Laufeyson, if he knew what you were up to aboard the Helicarrier?'
'Do I have eyes?'
The panic really set in, then. Screaming and shouting, the delinquents fought to get away from their sick friends, T'Challa trying his best to calm them down to no avail.
'Do not worry. Even a hammer as mighty as this one could not make a dent in a skull as thick as yours,' Thor teased back, surprising himself with the ease at which the insult was delivered. Mocking was Loki's forte, and he'd never been good at it, but there was a first time for everything, and Thor was proud of himself.
Yet he still wasn't convinced. There was something off. He decided to stay and listen to Loki.
Who would've known that his first kiss would have been the boy with the smart mouth and the chocolate-brown eyes, who he'd despised the first time they met?
'Since we're very much alive, how do we tell them that?' Steve asked, tension clearly visible in the way he set his jaw. Everyone was glancing at each other, thinly veiled panic and horror in their eyes. Most of the kids still had families or people they loved on the Helicarrier.
Sure enough, he caught sight of the quick brown animal, darting through the leaves. 'It's there,' he whispered, and everyone looked where he was pointing. 'Woah, I've never seen one before,' Steve commented, and Bucky grinned at him. 'None of us have, Stevie, that's the whole point,' he snorted, and Clint and Tony snickered.
'No, it isn't that -' Steve said desperately, but Tony was already turning away, his haughty mask back in place.
As if he'd been summoned by her thinking about him, James wrapped his arms around her waist from behind and she closed her eyes, leaning back against him. He was holding a cup of whiskey and he offered it to her. She mulled over it for a moment, and then took it from him and chugged it bottoms-up. He laughed against her neck.
Natasha gave him a sad half-smile. 'Of course, Rogers. You and Thor here just need to find something to dig the grave with.'
'Yeah. I know I can,' she said.
'I'm not going to!'
Not now. Now was a very, very bad time.
Basically the opposite of hanging out with people like Tony Stark.
A small smile tugged at his lips, even in his dirty, disheveled, bloody state. 'I know you, Natalia Romanova. You may try to hide your past from them but I know all about you. I even wanted to be in the Wolf Spider program, but it failed, much to my vexation.'
'To see you.'
'Hey, you're Bruce Banner, aren't you?' he asked, stopping right next to Bruce's little corner. Bruce adjusted his glasses nervously. 'Yes, I am.' Tony's face split into a wide grin and he sat down next to Bruce. 'You're the one who studied gamma radiation, aren't you? They gave you a PhD for that.'
Valkyrie gave him a thoughtful glance as everyone began to scour the river, looking for the missing radio.
Sure enough, the fibers of the rope began to fall apart and he easily snapped it. His head still hurt like a bitch and so did the cut on his leg, but at least he could move around now.
'Anthony,
Natasha had chosen to keep watch. She looked around at the bodies of her friends, their chests rising and falling in rhythm. Steve was snoring softly, Tony was curled up in a ball, Clint had decided to sleep in a tree, Loki was lying on his back, looking like he was dead, and James - James was nowhere to be seen.
He pulled out his flashlight and shone it into the nothingness. The ray of light illuminated the worn steps with puddles of water. The ceiling was dripping and Steve didn't want to know why. He pulled up the hood of his jacket and gingerly stepped into the emergency aid depot.
'Shit, don't be so loud,' he muttered into the dirt.
Thankfully Tony didn't catch him staring. He was engrossed in assembling the launcher, the smug smirk gone, replaced by a look of intense concentration. His face was quite pretty when he wasn't wearing his arrogant mask. It showed a softness, a kind of openness that he'd never seen before, and Steve couldn't take his eyes off him.
A girl with wavy brown hair and a crooked grin was standing there, holding out an open tin. 'They're giving the cans you brought back from the bunker you found, and I don't think I can finish this on my own, so you wanna share?' she questioned.
Betty came over after everyone cooled down, her eyes troubled. 'Rumlow's got a strong argument going. He's managed to convince some other kids to throw away their wristbands as well. He says that if they come down, they're not going to forgive us. Habits die hard and they're gonna reinforce their rigid control over us - which obviously didn't go down well, not when we've just had our first taste of freedom,' she said in a rush, twiddling her fingers.
Then again, he didn't know why he did a lot of the things he did.
I'll kill you.'
When Bucky and Natasha had come back and brought with them the news that yes, there were other human beings on the planet, yes, they were armed and dangerous, and yes, they actively wanted to get rid of the delinquents and wouldn't stop at murder, Steve decided that they needed to set up a guard and a border patrol.
'That was last time.'
'I mean, she'll live. I just hope she'll cope with it in a healthy way. Right now she's still grieving but I bet in a few hours, when reality sinks in, she'll be obsessed with finding his killer.'
He was standing in the middle of the room, holding a gun, a huge smile on his face.
After a few minutes Tony finally managed to connect the right wires, disable others and change the circuit, and he heard the familiar grinding noise as the doors of the drop ship began to open.
Natasha shrugged and Bruce nodded. 'Yeah, that's not a bad idea at all.'
Bruce nodded and was about to go when a commotion from the other side of camp stayed him.
Tony curled up into a fetal position and closed his eyes. He could feel the world flipping over. Why was it flipping over? Why was everything so insane?
'Oh, you'd care very much, I think,' Loki continued, 'especially if I told that Barnes boy. Don't think I didn't notice the way you looked at him. It's adorable, but it won't last for very long, will it?'
James was standing in the doorway, leaning against the wall, his blue eyes unreadable. He was wearing a jacket even in the heat and had his hands in his pockets. She wondered if it was deliberate or an action which he naturally did to avoid strange looks.
'Careful, my friend,' Thor rumbled, steadying him and then clapping him on the shoulder, which then resulted in Thor having to steady him again.
Steve nodded, pulling out his water bottle and taking a swig. 'So we'll watch from that direction. What else?'
Rhodey arched an eyebrow at him but before he could say anything else the bridge came into view.
The pressure increased as the spacecraft began to shudder and pick up speed. He heard another vicious crack and when he opened his eyes he found out that the other kid who'd been floating around had hit the wall as well. Out of the three kids who'd removed their seatbelts, he was the only one alive and unhurt.
Everywhere.
It was strange. She enjoyed being matchmaker and she could read people like books. It was easy to solve people's relationship problems, get others to start dating, seduce somebody and then murder them - that was all fine.
'What do you gain from doing this?' Steve asked Rumlow, hoping to buy himself time.
'Don't lie, Rumlow. You're a murderer and you're just trying to worm your way out of this. What's next, you lost the knife the day before the murder? A spirit in the woods picked it up and stabbed Pietro? It just walked over there and ended up in his chest?' Steve's words were vehement and icy.
Again that name. Bruce would have to ask Loki about it.
Everyone cautiously looked around.
Loki had told them about HYDRA's attack plans before they left for Mount Weather and Thor ran it through his head again. HYDRA was not going to attack them for a few more days. They'd bought themselves time by bombing the bridge but HYDRA would soon find another way to cross the massive river.
'Woah, what happened there?' Sam asked, appearing out of nowhere next to Steve.
'I am, yeah,' Steve said dubiously.
, her mind added.
He was going home.
'Guys, I found something!' he called out.
'I love meeting people from other space stations, too. I haven't the vaguest idea of astrophysics, but I was training to become the next Chancellor, back in Asgard,' he said genially, and Jane opened her mouth to say something when another girl barreled into her.
'Everybody shut up.' Natasha's voice was quiet and commanding.
'They might, you never know. What if they trip onto a chainsaw? Or into a pool of lava, or some shit like that? It's game over then, boys -'
'Fine, then. You tell me what information you got and then I'll decide if I slit your throat and call it self-defense,' the rough voice growled.
So far all they'd gotten from him was that there was a hurricane incoming, and the Grounders were preparing for it, so the delinquents started battening down the hatches as well.
this was interesting to write. poor clint :( but it had to be done~ finally i can move ahead with my plot, let's see what the fuck i'm gonna do because i'm making this up as i go along, i'm just as clueless as y'all lmao
'Yeah? Kind of. I think it was more of my fault, really.'
'You're going to take my head off!'
T'Challa, Nakia, Okoye and another boy Bruce knew as M'Baku were laughing together. Wanda was smiling at something Vision said, Peter Parker was excitedly talking to T'Challa's adopted sister Shuri, Rhodey, Pepper and Happy were all clustered around Tony and Bruce couldn't help but smile.
Excited chatter filled the Quinjet and Tony rolled his eyes, slouching in his seat. He let his gaze wander over the other kids in the spacecraft with him. They were all clearly juvenile prisoners, with the same hunched shoulders and haunted, faraway looks in their eyes. To his shock, some of the kids looked barely twelve, while others like him were seventeen.
'Can't hurt to check,' Bucky told him, already wading into the water.
He'd gotten a chance to meet them once, because even though he was in jail, the son of Howard Stark got special privileges. He'd yelled at them and then broke down, and they'd comforted him and firmly stood by their decision, telling him that he was the reason they'd had such comfortable, happy lives until then and they would stand by him forever.
'Alright, he's alive,' the voice announced.
Unless Earth had been taken over by aliens.
hello, my lovelies~ new chapter! lmao thor finally got mjolnir. i stressed a lot on mjolnir because mjolnir is a poor baby who deserves more respect and recognition, change my mind. the plotline is going off the tracks - i know none of this happened in the actual show BUT it's my story, even though i own neither marvel nor the 100, so i'll make it go off the tracks if i want to :) also i forgot about rumlow and just realized he existed maybe half an hour ago so i had to give him a dramatic moment, sorry not sorry~
'She's right,' Bruce agreed. 'If we somehow make it to that bunker Fury was talking about there's got to be some sort of system to communicate with the Helicarrier, which was why Fury had chosen that specific bunker to land beside. Also, communicating directly with the Helicarrier is a more suitable way to convince them to come down than to crudely hint at survival with our steady ranks or whatever.'
The sound of gunshots filled the air and he guessed that the delinquents were taking aim at HYDRA, who he still couldn't see, which was good. If he could see a whole ass army charging at him he would actually curl up and cry.
They watched the fight commence in silence after that. Thor successfully held down his little brother and knocked out one of Rumlow's goons, too. Steve, Bucky and Clint dealt considerable damage to Rumlow and the other kid - Jasper Sitwell, Bruce remembered - but they weren't unscathed. Clint's lip was bleeding, Bucky was wiping away blood and Steve was clutching his stomach where Rumlow had hit him.
'Because I do what I want, Buck.'
Winnifred Barnes had been on the Exodus ship. When Steve and Bucky heard the news, they broke down. Bucky hadn't talked to anyone ever since the declaration. He was in Natasha's tent, where she was sitting with him, and Thor could hear quiet sobs from within. Steve had sat in a corner of the camp, his eyes blank and his shoulders stiff. He wouldn't look at anyone and the only person he even acknowledged was Tony.
He turned on his heel and fled, running in a zig-zag pattern like how Romanoff had told him to do, hoping against hope that he wouldn't get a bullet in him.
Everyone froze and looked at Steve, who looked down.
He turned and immediately went towards Rumlow, thinking there might be some sort of internal bleeding which he needed to treat quickly, when Rumlow looked at him and Bruce saw he was crying.
Loki had somehow persuaded the residents of the Helicarrier to take him in, but he didn't stay in their good books for long. He was caught hoarding and smuggling supplies which were vital for other people and he was thrown into jail. Thor hadn't been as lucky as Loki at convincing the guards he would be a good citizen and he'd been put in the cell beside his brother's.
Tony whooped and immediately hit the release button of his seat while Pepper glared at him furiously. He shot her a smirk as he drifted away from his seat, completely weightless, floating through the spacecraft. Two other kids saw him and immediately unbuckled their seatbelts as well.
As Rumlow shoved a box under his feet and began to tie a rope from a hook in the ceiling, Steve focused his mind on Tony's warm hazel eyes and his wickedly tilted eyebrows, his charming smile and his way with words, his deft hands and sharp wit.
'I get it.' His voice was quiet. She arched an eyebrow at him.
'Thanks, Rogers.'
'What?'
'You being an idiot.'
When nothing happened, he approached it carefully, spear raised. Jane followed him.
Natasha gave him an apologetic look. 'I'll tell you all about it later!' she called, following Steve and Thor.
'Killers get what they fucking deserve!' somebody yelled, and everyone cheered.
Explosive arrows, arrows with specially designed arrowheads that could carry messages, carbon-fiber shafts, arrows with narrow spines, barrel-shafted arrows, footed arrows, target arrows, safety arrows, broadheads, steel tips - it was all he dreamt of and more.
The two of them stopped and stared.
Clint was about to comment on Steve's oddly placed expletive when he realized the cause for Steve's swearing and spat out a curse himself.
kiss? Fuck? Elope? Am I an uncle now?'
'Yeah. Is there a cure?' Clint asked, too worried to be snarky.
'There's a hatch,' she whispered to them, 'with a lock combination. Loki, do you know it?'
Tony had been having a great day, because nothing screams fun like bleeding from three orifices at once, worrying over your sick, unhappy, reckless boyfriend and then building a bomb - IED, whatever - to kill a couple dozen people.
'So are you! And the rest of us!'
'That's just the way it is, Barton. Somehow dark humour is actually funnier. If I go to Hell, at least I'll go laughing.'
He put his face in his hands so he wouldn't have to look at her sly smile.
'Stevie,' Bucky said, appearing out of nowhere. He looked weary and he had blood on his face, but he still managed a grin.
If only he wasn't about to die.
Steve made it to the far left corner and waited. Rumlow moved forward, finally letting the pistol drop to his side. Steve immediately began to scan the drop ship. With the threat of the bullet no longer keeping him frozen, he could look for an object to possibly overpower Rumlow with.
'This is for you, Natalia,' he whispered to her quietly, tucking the flower behind her ear, and she smiled weakly.
'Everybody calm down!' Steve said firmly, in a loud, carrying voice.
from inside the drop ship and then came Rumlow’s maniacal laughter. ‘What would I do with you, Potts? My justice is not delivered. Save yourself the time and just walk away. You can’t do anything.’
'Holy fuck,' Bucky muttered, echoing Clint's thoughts.
Rumlow, with cuts all over his face, so bloody and covered in mud that they could barely make out his eyes, was thrown in the center of camp. He collapsed on the ground, on his hands and knees, tried to get up, and then fell back, panting.
Her lie was partially based on the truth. She had told Clint a bit about what she did in Mir, but she still hadn't told him about the whole I-almost-killed-you-and-your-boss thing. And she'd spoken with James about her life as a child, even though she completely avoided bringing up the name of the Red Room.
'Yeah, they were done, but you just missed the whole point. They wanted you to sleep so you wouldn't pass out from exhaustion later on, Natalia,' he chided, and she huffed impatiently, already opening the door to the room Clint was in.
He scrabbled at the dirt around the gap. As he'd expected, it was very loose and came away easily. There were rocks as well, and he pulled them out, praying that the ceiling wouldn't collapse on him. It hurt like a bitch, partly because of his insane headache and partly because widening a hole wasn't the most easiest thing he'd ever done.
They walked for a bit, careful not to go too far away. Natasha speculated that the other human beings - the Grounders, the delinquents called them - were territorial, which was why they didn't attack until Clint and the others were deep into the jungle.
Natasha never had love. Sure, her parents must've cared for her but they died before she could even talk to them properly. And when she was in the Red Room, no one loved her. They all cared about how useful she was. Yelena Belova was maybe the only person who even gave the slightest fuck about her after her parents died, and when Yelena died too, she didn't have anybody.
There were muted gasps, cries of shock and people clapping their hands to their mouths in horror. Some of them looked on the verge of tears. Steve was sickened. He felt nauseous. Just because someone had torn out a radio three hundred people were killed.
'You can get your stuff and go now. Take just one knife,' Steve said firmly, and the four delinquents trooped off to the drop ship, Rumlow and his gang muttering in hatred. Bruce sighed. They were supposed to be the good guys, weren't they? Yet somehow Rumlow had nearly died for something he hadn't even done.
Rumlow went pale. 'I swear, I didn't do anything, you're just blaming me because I'm the most convenient to blame -'
At that moment, Mantis, who had been on guard duty, yelled at the top of her lungs, 'The trap's set off! There's an intruder in the camp!'
'Someone fucking say something!' he roared, so suddenly that Bruce jumped.
'They're sending you to Earth, Steve! They're running out of supplies, they can't hold so many people anymore! Find Bucky and stay together, I already told him! I love you!' 'I love you too!' he shouted back desperately, trying to keep sight of her, trying to understand what she'd just told him, but she faded into the crowd.
Tony crawled into the cramped bottom level of the drop ship. It didn't even count as a level, just as a small storage-type compartment.  He could barely stand up straight and he was short compared to his friends. When Barnes crawled in after him, he had to crouch.
He looked around to see if anyone else had noticed. Sure enough, Rogers' blue eyes were focused on the three delinquents. Thor looked back - and nearly had a brain aneurysm.
After the quarantine was over, he needed a place to put Rumlow before he sent him on his way, so he'd shoved him in the drop ship and no one had objected. The drop ship hadn't been cleaned and there were splatters of blood everywhere. Besides, he know some of the delinquents thought it was cursed. They had unanimously elected to use it as a temporary prison cell.
Vision, Wanda and Clint carried Pietro's body to the grave. Before they put him in, Natasha delicately pulled the knife out of his chest, closed his eyelids and then arranged his hands so they covered the wound. When they laid him on the dirt, it looked like he could be sleeping.
You'd better remember that.'
So Natasha wasn't the only one who'd figured that out.
Okay, but you're dying.
Tony lifted his head off the ground, trying to gauge where he was. The cave was quite small. Was it even a cave? It looked more like an underground room - with dirt for the walls and floor. There was nothing in it except for, well, him. He saw a door - wonder of wonders - but he would bet his sunglasses that it was locked.
Loki brought out lockpicks from a pocket somewhere in his gear and made short work of the lock. Steve pushed open the door, which creaked and groaned, and stared at the cramped, winding hallway. It looked like a sewage tunnel Natasha had seen pictures of, except without the sewage. It was dimly lit by naked electric bulbs that hung from the rounded ceiling.
'Yeah, kill him!' another voice shouted. 'He did Pietro in, he deserves the same thing done to him!'
Bruce tried to catch sight of the HYDRA agents' faces, but he was too afraid to wiggle into a better position for fear that they would see the bushes shaking and investigate. Instead, he focused on the conversation happening.
'Well, it seems our business here is wrapped up, unless you got something else,' the smooth voice said, and Loki must have shook his head because the voice continued, 'Alright. We're gonna take this to Pierce and you can run along back to your little friends.'
Thankfully, everything went uphill from Rumlow's and Loki's banishment.
'What the hell, Stevie?' James protested. 'You're going to go out there with no weapons and you aren't even taking me with -?'
Tony grinned. 'There, that wasn't so hard, was it? I
'Woah,' Steve mumbled. He turned to Bucky. 'Your mom's coming down, Buck!' he said excitedly, and the two of them broke into wide grins, all enmity forgotten.
'And that's the Little Dipper. Ursa Minor. Two stars from the cup. You see that bright star? That's Polaris, the North Star. It's at the end of the handle of the Little Dipper.'
Natasha was actually from the Russian space station, Mir. What most people didn't know was that although the Soviet Union was a thing of the past, the KGB still existed. Members of the KGB flew under the radar, and rarely made an appearance, but they were a tight-knit group and were strong in their beliefs.
Steve shuffled to his right so Tony could work on whatever he'd been doing wrong. He found himself gazing at the other boy's wicked dark eyes, long eyelashes, tousled hair and lean frame. Tony wasn't thin or soft by any means. He looked slim and short in stature but he had ripcord muscles from all the engineering stuff, probably.
'Also, they have a fuckton of weapons,' Bucky added.
'So... you were working with them to save your life... and they killed Pietro but you took credit?' Steve said slowly, and Loki nodded.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
'Loki, wait!' Thor called, as his brother stalked out out of the camp.
'No, not like that. I've read that from Earth, you can see stars in patterns called constellations. The ancient Greeks named them. They really are quite beautiful to look at. From space all you see is little blobs of light in the darkness.'
He heard footsteps behind him, probably drawn by Darcy's scream, and then he heard gasps and shrieks as the others saw the girl as well. Jane pushed through to Darcy's side and the two girls clung to each other. 'Can - is there any way we can save her?' Clint managed to get out, crouching beside the dying delinquent.
'But we are going to have to punish you,' Steve continued, ignoring Rumlow. 'We never meant to hurt anyone. We just wanted to find the killer. I don't know why you did it, but I hope you understand that what you've done is sick and fucked-up and we really can't have you in the camp anymore.'
'What? Why? I thought you liked him. I know you like him, even though he's a jackass, but no accounting for your taste, because you like wearing flannel and that is disgusting -'
Up until the day he came out as gay to his father, got his ribs broken, his hopes crushed, his pride shattered, and then built a robot programmed to make Howard Stark's life a living hell.
Tony clearly wasn't sharing his optimistic view of things.
'Well... I think I'm fine, anyway.'
He walked towards them, grabbing an energy bar from Peter on the way and a glass of water from a disgruntled Wade. They were talking quietly but when they saw Clint they all straightened up and plastered smiles on their faces.
Thor was going to go crazy.
'Be careful,' he told her, and he heard her scoff, but he knew she got the message.
Steve sighed. 'No. I already had this conversation with Bucky. First - you're injured, you're not going anywhere. Secondly - it's just us three, okay?'
'I hope they can,' Steve replied, eyebrows creasing.
Bruce was currently tapping his fingers on the barricade of the lookout post when something flashed by at the corner of his vision.
Thor stood up. 'Of course. Did you happen to find a shovel in the bunkers or...?'
They ate in silence after that. It was ridiculously quiet in the top floor of the drop ship. Everyone was either whispering or contemplating life. Clint didn't like it. He enjoyed chaos, reveled in people screaming and laughing and basically making noise. Silence always made him feel tense and on edge.
'I want you to feel what I felt,' Rumlow said roughly, 'and I want you to die.'
'I mean - why would you want to see me?' he stuttered.
'Go ahead, we'll wait here,' Rhodey told him, 'and we're not done talking, okay? Be careful.'
Romanoff and Barnes had been making their way back to camp when they stumbled across Pietro Maximoff's body, stabbed to death with a knife. He had no signs of acid burns and the cause for his demise was just the weapon they found, and everyone realized the implications.
'Steve - Steve was my only friend from childhood, for
'For years? Unlikely.'
They had also contacted the Helicarrier, although help from space was very unlikely. Carol Danvers was their go-to for communication. Nick Fury was almost always busy and Maria Hill would only talk to them if it was something important or something concerning politics, so the blonde girl would dutifully stay in the communications room and took almost all their calls.
'Stand on the box,' Rumlow snarled. 'You're going to hang yourself, and I'm going to watch. You better do it or I'll go out there and put a bullet in your pretty boy's head.'
'Loki, there's people who still care about you,' Thor told him intensely. 'I do. I do, Loki. I love you too, brother.'
'Let's go, then, Barnes.'
'I saw my parents. My old butler, some people who didn't like me very much and some who did. But it didn't seem like it. When I saw them.' Tony was gasping again now.
She felt the other side of the couch sink down and when she peeked through her eyelashes he was sitting right there, his gaze trained on her, sprawled against the armrest and the smirk still firmly in place.
He hurt everywhere and he couldn't do anything about it.
'Did he - did he just disappear?' Bucky asked incredulously, already by Natasha's side. 'What in the actual fuck just happened,' Tony burst out, his mind still trying to process what he'd just witnessed. 'Where did he go?' Steve called out, craning his neck upwards.
'I hope you will increase guard duty and be more vigilant. You're a good leader, Rogers. I have faith in you. We are all very proud of what you have accomplished on Earth by yourself,' Fury said seriously.
'Jane, is that what you call a shooting star?' Thor asked, interested, watching the foreign object in the sky.
He opened his mouth to snap at Barton for smirking when Tony emerged from Steve's tent, his dark eyes tired, his hair sticking up in all directions, but he smiled at them weakly.
'Steve?' he asked quietly. 'Steve, what the fuck?'
Fury came back on the screen, his face glitching, his voice nearly static. 'Keep calm - atmosphere - seatbelt on - space junk -' was all he said before the screen went black and the screaming intensified. 'Everybody shut up!' the blond boy shouted, but the younger kids were absolutely horrified and they
'Well - that's only if they don't do it first,' he got out through gritted teeth, and she looked towards the door, concerned.
Loki didn't reply, but he met Thor's gaze, and there was so much anguish in his eyes that Thor died inside.
'Clear the area,' T'Challa instructed, after a moment of silence from the delinquents, 'and be careful while you're doing it.'
Natasha knew it would take days of walking to reach Mount Weather, even though there was a minecart system at one point. They'd stocked up on supplies and all of them were carrying backpacks. Loki had assured them that the tunnel had rest stops which led outside and they could refill their water bottles and hunt but they weren't taking any chances.
Maybe that was part of his emotional conflict. No notebook and pencil. Without art, how could Steve survive, really?
As the girl's spasms slowly faded and her eyes closed shut, Natasha kept humming, a beautiful song Clint had never heard before, and only when the girl went completely limp did Natasha remove the knife and stand up.
'So... continue as planned, then? No dramatic reveal and no mass panic?' Tony asked. Everyone nodded. 'Shame, that,' he said under his breath, and Clint snorted. 'Wow, our humour's dark, isn't it?' he remarked, and Tony shrugged.
And it's
'It should be!'
She needed to do something about that.
Natasha had already taken off. She sprinted towards the forest in a zig-zag pattern, followed closely by Steve and Thor. Both Bucky and Clint were returning fire as the Grounders began to shoot. A spear went flying over Clint's head.
Acid.
'What?'
'Your father's right, Tony,' a soft voice said, and one of the faceless people behind Howard stepped forward, revealing the blonde hair and sad eyes of Maria Stark.
