"Why would anyone want to ruin such a beautiful place?" He breathed out, and a hand on his shoulder snapped him out of his trance with a solid jerk.
Castiel nodded frantically, and waited as Dean paused his ministrations, only to reach up and loosen the rope binding against Castiel's lips. The moment he did that, however, Castiel let out the loudest whine.
"Yeah, I was worried you wouldn't get enough sleep since we stayed up so late."
She took a few steps towards Castiel, and at last, Castiel let himself relax as he walked over to meet the woman, Mildred.
It was strange, how their movements synchronized as Dean surged forward, pulling Castiel in, and Castiel came pliantly, throwing his arms around Dean's neck as their lips met and Dean swung him off the ground, pressing him into the tree as their bodies fused together, lips slick and exploring the corners of each other's mouth with enthusiasm and a hundred unspoken, unsaid words. It wasn't gentle like their first kiss, it wasn't testing and hesitant— it was firm and passionate, and seeping into it were a thousand emotions: the tears Castiel wept each night, the smiles he feigned, the laughs that never quite reached his eye, the hurt he carried in his heart, the relief at having Dean in his arms— everything bled into their kiss, and somewhere between their kiss Castiel tasted salty tears, either his or Dean's, it didn't matter anymore. They pulled away a few, long moments after, only to regain their breaths, and Dean chuckled strangely, the way people did when they felt thrill wrack their body, and Castiel supposed he couldn't blame Dean for it.
Castiel stared at her.
I’m not worth it, Cas.” A hiccup accompanies Dean’s words, muffled when it drifts across the wall, but Castiel hears it in the utter silence between them.
"I am, yes."
Castiel huffs and furrows his eyebrows, narrowing his gaze at no one in particular, as he reaches for the pegs. He tightens the first peg, only to find it tuned right, and moves onto the second one, once again grinning smug to himself when it's on the right pitch, and moves to the third—
"A little," Dean admits with a snort, "Alright, uhm, what colour are your eyes?"
"You should some time. There's this play at the theatre downtown, about a queer man struggling with a new relationship and the ghosts of his past, and although the plot seems bleak, the monologues, the direction, it's all simply beautiful. You could watch it someday, if you ever want to watch a play. It's a truly moving story, if you ask me."
"Your book. I got it. I love it."
The paint-brush lies forgotten to the side as Castiel presses his lips to Castiel's neck, holding his wrists in place, while his other arm snakes up under Castiel's shirt and glides over his bare, warm chest. Their eyes flutter shut as Castiel feels his husband's large palms slide over his electric skin.
pain and then, nothing.
"Wha— Dean, I have never set anyone up. Besides, I only introduced Dorothy to Charlie, their relationship was their own doing, I had no part to play in that—" Castiel sighed, walking through the crowd, dodging people and squeezing through them, focusing on his breath as he pushed down the nausea in his gut. It felt strange, as if he was trying to swallow down a still-beating heart, trying to suppress the needles piercing through the walls of his gut, and he realised, for all it's worth, he was jealous. Jealous of an angel.
Dean is in the bedroom. Fast asleep. He'd fallen asleep quite early the night before, considering the fact that out of the two of them, Dean was the one who'd been facing issues with his insomnia. Of course, Castiel wasn't complaining. The weight in his arms was something he never knew he'd crave so much.
"Dean," he whines, surprised at the neediness in his voice, as he leans down, meeting Dean halfway into a soft, languid kiss. The dry touch of Dean's lips against his own isn't by any chance, new, but considering the time they've spent apart, his lips feel foreign, inviting and tempting, and somewhat different. Dean tastes of whiskey,
Sam laughs and Dean finds comfort in the familiar sound. He puts the phone on speaker and sets it on a rack above to ensure he can hear clearly.
"I, I don't know, please, touch—"
"You don't love me."
The intrusion at Castiel's hole thrust up wildly, and Castiel gave out a loud scream as it pushed up
"Don't bother, Green, really. Just please get some sleep. Am I going to have to use my nurse voice on you?"
Was Mildred right? Was Castiel too tired? It wasn't impossible, in fact, Mildred seemed much more intelligent now than Castiel did. It was simply a sleight of his eye.
"'Kay."
Normally, Dean's scent had traces of pine, leather, petrol and something unique and untraceable, but right now, with Castiel's body begging to be filled and fucked and
"It's better that way, don't you think?"
Castiel falters at the man's words.
"Fuck," Cas moaned, her raven-black hair splayed under her head and across the pillow as she bucked her hips and rode her fingers. Deanna felt her panties soak with arousal, and at once, she needed to touch her mate, satisfy her, feel her— anything to be close to her.
"Alright." With that, Castiel shuts his eyes and sucks in a deep breath.
"Your change," the cashier, a thin, middle-aged woman says, and beams up at Castiel, her eyes falling to the enamel pin on Castiel's black canvas jacket, a pride flag pin, and her smile broadens.
"That for me?"
"I feel better. When you're here," Castiel says, and at once, an uncertain silence washes over the room, drowning both Dean and Castiel with it. For a moment, Dean can only hear his own thoughts. And right now? They're too damn loud.
Dean, who once was nothing more than a mere interruption in Castiel's life, but has now become a part of Castiel in ways he finds himself unable to explain.
But the next second, it was gone, and reality came crashing through the roof, weighing him down like an avalanche, and he found it hard to steady his balance as he staggered back, the smile on his face vanishing. Dean seemed alarmed by Castiel's sudden reluctance, but he didn't voice it, and Castiel turned away, clearing his throat to push away the tension in the air.
"Sure. Hey, uh..." Dean's voice has changed, in the way Castiel knows it does when he's trying to change the topic of their conversation. Castiel braces himself. "
"Thanks for the dinner, Blue," he says, as he settles down into his chair. There are a few peanut shells lying on the floor and Dean makes a mental note to clean them up later.
"Then you'll tell me why you didn't talk to me for a week? Didn't answer my calls, didn't text me back, even when I was just checking in on you?"
"It's a deterioration spell," Dean starts, swinging his legs onto the bed, and curling into Castiel's side. Thin, nimble fingers brush against his scalp, and Dean steals a glance up at Castiel, who seems to be staring at the wall in confusion.
"I didn't know what I'd say."
"Lonely? A bit empty? A bit gloomy? A bit scary?"
He's smart, he's wise, he knows not to get too attached to people who will be gone soon.
A glance at the clock in Castiel's living room, he realizes it is half past three in the afternoon. Jesus Christ, where the hell has the time gone? Castiel remembers bidding his student goodbye at eleven a.m. that morning, and all at once, it's three? Surprising.
" Castiel sucks in a hesitant breath, before continuing, "
"Now, I've been nice to you. Be nice to me, or I'm going to have to be mean to you, and I
Eventually, Miracle licks Castiel's face for the final time, before hopping off the bed and curling up at the corner of the room on his own, small purple bed. Castiel watches Miracle, Dean watches Cas.
cock alone.
"We're gonna' make all of that pain go away, okay baby? But first, I'm gonna' have to punish you. Dirty little omegas need to be punished, don't they?"
Castiel, Dean can't place his finger on it.
"Yeah, but—"
"Please—" Castiel gasped, and Dean pulled his fingers out of his hole. They were slick with spit, but he couldn't be less bothered as he pushed himself up to his feet and stood towering over Castiel, who was still bent over the counter like a whore, his hole gaping and swollen, ready to swallow anything that slid into it.
Dean smiles, a gentle, knowing smile, and Castiel finds himself fascinated by the way his cheeks light up with red. He wraps his fingers around the hamburger, which seems to be oozing with butter and spices, and braces himself. He parts his lips, glances up at—
But she'd never been the one to watch Castiel walk into a lake, his body wracked with Leviathans, and she'd never been the one to hold the trench coat to her chest every night she went to sleep.
Silence follows Dean’s words, before he hears Blue gasp, quite audibly at that, and then, in the sincerest, most wonder-struck voice Dean has heard, tone filled with childish curiosity, Blue asks, "How do you do that?"
Dean hated each second spent in companionship of no one but himself.
"Why did you say that?" Castiel whispers, trying not to show his covert affection at Dean's brazen display.
Dean doesn't wait any longer, walks overs to where Castiel is sitting at the edge of the bed, and simply falls into his arms.
"Cas..." he hums again, and hears Castiel sigh beside him, giving in at last, and covering his hand over Dean's on his stomach.
It's the most Dean has said to Castiel since they've met in person, and Castiel stays silent for a long second before responding.
Castiel doesn't seem appeased by Dean's answer, as he grumbles something to himself and pouts, leaning back down when Rowena touches his forehead. He shuts his eyes, and Dean sends him a final glance before walking out the door with Sam following behind him. The passageway sounds eerily silent, and it prickles under Dean's skin as the door shuts behind them.
"I need you to understand my side, Cas."
"I thought you'd like it," he admitted softly, his voice on the verge of breaking, hoarse from disuse, and he watched as Lisa soothed a hand over Dean's back.
Before Dean can speak, Rowen interjects, and steps forward, putting a hand on Dean's shoulder and pulling him away. Dean grumbles, but acquiesces, and stands back as Rowena leans down over Castiel.
"That they are."
"Do what you want," Castiel growled, and snatched his notes out of Dean's hands, turning on his heel and walking away.
"Sam?"
"I'm sorry, Cas,” he sobs, “-I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to, I just, I'm so sorry, Cas—"
The stern, demanding tone of Dean's voice only had Castiel slicking faster, and he pressed his palms into his face to suppress a sob.
Dean groans and doubles over, pressing his palm into his knees as a tear slips down his face, over the thick, jagged scar under his eye, and down his chin. A sob shakes his body, and he squeezes his eyes tight, wringing another stream of tears down his face, chest heaving with a shaky breath.
"Bold coming from a guy with no sense of humour."
"So, this room right here," Garth started, and motioned towards a large, oakwood door a few feet away from them, "—one of the few rooms in the house with an en-suite bath. I've already had the room cleaned and freshened for ya', so you can rest for a while before dinner."
“Give it a while, Castiel, you’ll be forgetting all about me.”
, or ‘
Dean's eyes shut, and his mind brings to him memories of the explosion. The thunderous sound, as if his ears would bleed at any moment; the fire, spread out wide and rising up higher; the vague shape of something in the air, flying closer and closer to him; and then
In front of his brother and the witch, Dean is compelled to push his feelings down, to forget about the bond he shares with Castiel, because there are too many people in here. Had they been alone, Dean wouldn't have blinked once before slipping in next to Castiel.
The bow slides against the strings, and a note, heartbreaking and morose, unfurls in the air, breaking through the silence. Dean wants to shut his eyes and immerse himself in the sound of the violin, each note better than the previous, but his eyes stay fixated on Castiel, on Castiel's face, the furrow of his eyebrows as his intense blue eyes move along the strings, the parting of his lips as he sucks in a silent breath, the slide of the bow, the curve of his fingers on the neck of the violin.
"'Cause I know you were jealous of her."
The silence. The pitch-black darkness. The emptiness. The hollow, empty sunken feeling in the pit of his stomach.
Mildred grinned, and turning on her feet, commenced her walk towards the corridor at the far corner of the manor. It was a moment later that Castiel considered stopping her, and called her by her name.
I just don't make it a big deal."
and oh, well, it's almost a minute left to go, which means Jack must be on his way up.
"Jesus, Blue, what are you? Some kind of
In response to Dean's question, Rowena only laughs.
"Michael and Gabe aren't here, they'll be coming home late. I need to watch the house."
"Twelve hours is a lot, Cas."
"Dean?"
and the melody is steady, soothing to the ears, and right as the crescendo nears—
“It’s an easy question, Dean, why didn’t you tell me? You’re leaving. In a week. And you’ve known for a day, or two, I guess. And you were supposed to tell me as soon as you could, because you know how much it would hurt me
Dean glances down at his duffle bags, then up his own chest, before facing Castiel with an amused grin.
"Or," Dean mumbled between a kiss, "-we could keep this going."
"I'd like that." Castiel smiles, and Dean turns, his shoulder pressed to Castiel’s in the lightest touch, eyes averted, and cheeks heated. All at once, Dean feels like a young boy standing in front of his high-school crush, speechless and awestruck.
"Green."
He knew he was in love when he talked to Castiel through the wall. But the moment he laid his eyes on him, Dean was nothing but
Dean dropped Castiel home at four in the morning, after they'd spent hours meandering about the grove, their hands entwined and their bodies pressed flush together. Standing at the porch of Castiel's house, both boys still riding the high of the events from a few hours ago, the sharp winter chill finally crawled down his skin and a shiver ran down Castiel's spine as he gave a little sneeze,
Dean quirks his bottom lip. The answer to the man's question is quite transparent.
It's a whisper, and Dean sighs, eyes shut as he simply drinks in the scent of Castiel, the scent of his fading laundry detergent, the scent of the grass he'd been sitting in a few hours ago, and the scent of something so
"No thanks, I'll pass." Castiel rolls his eyes, before narrowing them at Jack. "Also, mister, we’re in the middle of a session. So, less chatter, more music, yes?"
"Oh, not for long. I'm moving out, three months from now."
There's a concern in Castiel's eyes, so genuine and unconcealed, it warms something inside Dean's chest as he gazes into Castiel's baby-blues, squeezing his hand around the angel's.
"Must be the unpacking."
Dean laughs and pulls himself up, dragging Castiel with him as he turns them over on the bed until they're both laying on their sides. In the silence, he reaches out for Castiel's warmth, and at once, buries himself in the crook of Castiel's neck, breathing in the plain scent of soap.
"Cas, it's just," Dean breathes out a sigh, before folding his hands over the table. "-He's in a world of his own now, he's happy. He has a wife, has a kid, who I have a picture of, by the way, she's really cute, and he's got his hotshot job. He's got the apple pie life. And part of me just..."
It had taken Dean no more than an hour to knock Castiel out with a baseball bat, strip him naked, tie him up while he was unconscious, and drag a knife down Castiel's smooth, tanned chest, all the while reveling in the pained, agonised pleas of Castiel begging for mercy.
Quite touching indeed.
He recalls waking up in a white, bare room, his back on a foreign bed, an insulin tube in his wrist, and, most glaring of all, the large, white plaster over his face. It hurt, son of a bitch, it hurt. There had been a flurry of people around him, some whom he knew, some whom he didn't. Nurses, medics, his army friends, talking to him about shrapnel, and blood, and God, and miracles. He recalls, just as vividly, staring at himself in the mirror for the first time after the surgery, the urge to hide his face, to scream, to wrap a cloth around it and never see it again, the emotion rising in his mind, his heart beating faster, the tears spilling over his face
, and usually, in an obnoxious English accent.
“Cassie. Why, is something wrong?”
Dean touches his face, now covered with a band-aid on his forehead, and ointment on some other cuts on his body, and Castiel rises, grabbing the waste and stepping back, only for Dean to grab his wrist.
"Oh," Castiel says, his eyes wide and eyebrows raised, before a soft, red blush spreads across his cheeks, "-is it...uncomfortable?"
"Aggressively motivating, huh?"
you love the most, begins to deteriorate to death."
Perplexed, chest heavy and breath held, Castiel turns. The bed is empty. On the pillow, however, is a box— a tiny, red box.
Blue laughs, loud and real, and Dean feels a sliver of pride in his chest at making the man laugh.
"Of course. If you'd like it."
For a second, Dean can do nothing but stare at Castiel.
"No, I'm simply saying that
"There's things I've done, Blue, things you can never imagine doing."
as Dean ducks and laughs.
"So what?" Dean prompts, and Castiel shrugs his shoulders with a deep sigh, leaning back against the counter with his honeybee coffee mug in both hands.
"Dean? C'mon."
"Mr. Winchester,
flooded Castiel's nostrils. His eyes fluttered shut, and he felt himself sway right into Dean's arms. Dean, on the other hand, tightened his arms around Castiel's waist, and nosed at the scent gland at Castiel's neck, a growl rising at the back of his throat.
"I wish too," he whispers.
"We have to start somewhere," Dean says, as if what they should talk about is something obvious, something Castiel is already supposed to know.
Dean felt his heart squeeze and he smiled, stealing a quick peck off his catboy's lips, before pulling aside his panties and thrusting a finger into Castiel's tight, young pink hole. Castiel cried out for a second, gasping Dean's name as he held onto Dean's shoulder, feeling Dean twist and plunge his finger deeper inside him.
An unexpected laugh rumbles past Castiel's throat, and already, Dean can see the way Castiel's eyes are twinkling. His eyes are gleaming, his smile is pinker, and the colour has returned to his face. They’ve been tangled within the sheets for hours already, simply speaking— Dean explained to him the concept of collateral spells, of the curse, of everything Rowena taught them. Castiel listened with rapt attention, only asking questions when Dean paused. But here, lying beside him, Dean has always known Castiel was handsome, but seeing him right now, he's
Beside Dean, Sam snorts, and Dean sends him a side-eyed glare, before rubbing his hands over his face.
He said Lisa wanted it. Said she had seen the other couples share letterman jackets. Said it was a special thing, and Dean had mumbled a
And pups? Castiel had never thought about it.
"Dean, calm down, it's alright, it's not a surprise to any of us. Things happen, feelings happen, you can't control them–" Sam starts, but Dean doesn't let him finish, already biting back.
In the blink of an eye, there are soft, somewhat chapped lips brushing over Castiel's and broad hands wrapping around his hips as Dean guides them to the side, until Castiel's back is pressed against a wall, Dean's body, although by a mere inch or half, towering over Castiel. Dean's lips are eager, and the way he moves around Castiel at the moment, his hands soothing down Castiel's back, holding him close, his lips kissing with soft pecks, his forehead barely touching Castiel's, as he dives in deeper— it’s intoxicating. The movement of their bodies jostles the jacket in Castiel's hands, and he pulls away with a gasp.
Unable to answer, Castiel hung his head and waited for Mildred to speak, which she did, with quite a change in her mood. "So, I'll get dinner going. You could wake your mate too, I'll get you boys one of my favourite stews, have ya' feeling fit as a fiddle."
"I'm exhausted. How 'bout we catch a nap for a while? Be good for the pup too."
"You have a nurse voice?" comes the response, voice now laced with amazement and a new-found vigour.
"You won't leave?" he finds himself asking, over and over again, still shaken, still in awe of Dean standing in his arms, unbudging and firm, his lips kissing each inch of Castiel's face.
Eavesdropping into a person's private life, offering his absolutely unsolicited advice on how to tune a violin, as if Castiel's experience as a professional musician for the past twelve years is worth nothing,
"Dude, you just need to brush your hair and get some coffee. You're good to go. Besides, we're having so much fun at my place, it feels weird you not being there."
"Impossible."
The way Dean says it, in between fits of laughter, only prompts Castiel to roll his eyes harder, and he pouts, huffing at Dean’s words.
. Although he did take up law. One of L.A.'s most sought after lawyers, my brother."
"I've told you, it's not the tuning. Show me the sheet." Castiel snatches the sheet, eyebrows furrowed as he reads along the notes. He flips right to the marked page, the one they are in the midst of learning, and compels himself to read through every single note, every single instruction, even though he's written them down himself.
Dean simply sighs.
Castiel believes they can work something out. He doesn't know what, but he knows they can. Dean however, doesn't sound as hopeful.
"Dean, Dean please—"
A single tear rolls down the side of Dean's face, and he squeezes his eyes shut, bringing his hands up to bury his face in his palms, as his shoulders jerk with the sobs in his throat.
Dean's eyes light up. He lifts his foot to step around— only to stop himself with a deep breath.
Dean had been almost too hard to resist, but Castiel urged him to sleep.
"So, you're saying," he starts, fixing Rowena with the same wide-eyed expression he fixed Dean, "-because the witch cursed Dean, Castiel is dying?"
Dean laughed, and the First Blade fell at his feet, as he stalked forward, step after step, and ran a broad hand down Castiel's chest, reaching up to wrap his hand around Castiel's jaw, and brushing his fingers over Castiel's cheekbone, as he compelled him to hold his gaze, Castiel's weak, bleary eyes staring down into the demon's cold, bright green ones, which dripped with vulgarity and obscenity, and somehow, it excited Castiel to know what the demon would do to him with his broad, crafty hands, and yet, part of Castiel loathed his own self for having fallen as low as craving a demon.
"Gosh, my pretty little omega, so greedy and selfish. You want to come, don't you? You've got such a cute cock, it'd be a shame if I couldn't see you come," Dean whispered into the silence, and without any preamble, wrapped his other hand around Castiel's tiny omega cock, stroking it and jerking Castiel to completion. With the three fingers fucking his ass and one jerking his cock off, it was inevitable for Castiel to spill out his orgasm.
He brings a hand up on instinct, rubbing his eyes as they spill more tears.
"I'm close—" Dean grunted, and Castiel whined. Dean watched the catboy's hand disappear under his skirt, and usually, if they were much more prepared, Dean would have reprimanded Castiel for getting himself off, but the boy needed it, and so Dean decided to focus on his own arousal as he continued to plow into Castiel's swollen, greedy hole. The pressure of an orgasm built slowly in his gut, and Dean grunted as his thrusts lost pace and rhythm, and before he could warn Castiel, before he could let out another word, he came with a loud groan on his tongue. Castiel cried out, a tiny, whining cry, as he came too. Both of them stood idle for a moment, before Dean pulled out, watching as a large, thick white load of come dripped down Castiel's gaping, red hole.
Faster and deeper.
"Are you dating someone?" Sam asks, and Dean rolls his eyes at the sheerness of it.
"So, you're not going back to Lawrence?"
"You got your ears on?"
"I know you're not sure of what you feel right now. And I get it, if I was in your place, I'd be scared too. It's strange, being in love. Giving yourself over to someone. But this isn't some ordinary dating thing, Dean, and we're
Now, however, their relationship is different.
No response.
"Oh," is all he says before silence descends upon them.
Between them, Dean's kept palming his cock, occasionally teasing the slit, and every time Dean would hiss at the pleasure, he'd stare up at Castiel with feral eyes and a twisted smirk. Castiel
And each night that week, Dean fell asleep, eyes teary and passive, and only one name on his lips.
"I'll see you soon, sweetheart."
"Did you check your e-mail?" Sam asks, rising desperation in his voice.
Alright, before we get into the story, I have some things to say. First off, this is my first time participating in the DCBB and I'm super stoked about it! I've really put in a lot of time and emotions into this story, and I hope you guys like it as well.
"Well, if I don't find anyone, guess I'll just be stuck with you."
There is something so inscrutable about the expression on Castiel's face, as if he's at odds with himself. Part of him, still in awe, wants to smile, Dean can see that, but part of him, still coherent, knows where they stand, knows how things have been between them, and it restrains Castiel from smiling. He's angry, yes, but there is affection lacing his emotions, and God, it's almost too easy to see the adoration in his round, blue eyes.
In his mind, he can only see blue. A vast, calm lake of deep, rich blue, where he sits at the edge of the land with a fishing rod in his hands, and beside him, Castiel, smiling. The sun gleams off his eyes, and it feels like staring into an ocean.
Right as Dean is grabbing the unopened bundle of newspapers on the coffee table, a knock draws his attention to the wall. Before he knows it, a grin has crept to the corners of his lips, and he changes course, walking over to the wall he shares with the man next door. He pulls up a chair and settles down, knocking once against the plaster to signal his arrival.
A single tear rolls down his cheek as he stares at Castiel. Castiel's eyes track the movement of the tear, and yet, he doesn't speak.
"Hey."
"Inside— knot me, fucking knot me and come inside me."
Castiel settles down next to him.  "It's alright, I understand. We can take it from the top, yes?"
"Don't leave."
"Well then, you lost your chance, grandpa.”
"Yes. On Tuesday night."
"Jack."
The rift moves closer.
I lash out at people when I'm angry at them."
A pause, before the strange man speaks up again. "Never said your tuning was wrong, said the violin's tuning was wrong."
"But it is. I can't tell you how much it hurts me to do this, Castiel, but I don't have a choice. And trust me, everything you've done for me, standing up for me in the discussions, helping me with an alibi, watching over me— I will never forget your compassion," Dean whispered, his breath hot and ghosting over Castiel's lips as he leaned in, his eyes fluttering shut as their faces inched closer, "I hope you can forgive me."
"No, but out of the billions of quotes and phrases in the world, how do you always know the one
"You're gorgeous, the best thing I've seen in a long while, and man, I have seen some pretty things," As if being struck with an idea, Dean's eyes widened, "-if I untie your mouth, will you beg for me, baby? Will you let me hear your pretty little moans when I fuck you?"
"Yeah, but what if something exciting happens?"
"Oh yes—" Castiel moaned,
"... Hey, I'll call you soon, 'kay?" Dean mutters into the phone, before slipping it into his pocket.
His eyes stay wide open for the first few seconds. Watching. Vigilant.
"You want a sandwich, baby?"
It's Sam again.
In truth, Castiel wants to know more. What was so scarring? So gruesome, even for Dean Winchester, who tortures people and watches them bleed every single day? What could possibly have incited a reaction like this in Dean? A reaction where he's crying, mumbling, hiding? Castiel wants to know, but he knows better than to linger upon whatever is troubling Dean. He can't pick at the wound, so he simply wraps his arms tight around Dean's shoulders, leans down and presses a kiss to his forehead.
A long moment seems to pass before Blue speaks up.
Dean froze for a moment, before pulling his hands away and snapped backwards.
His hand now dips between the Prince's knees, and Castiel's eyes flutter open to settle upon Dean. The prince whimpers— an obscene, erotic noise at the back of his throat as their gazes lock, and the prince spreads his legs in the slightest. A pretty pink blush spreads across Castiel's face, and Dean finds himself smiling at the sight of that.
"I'm alright. It's you I'm worried about."
As Castiel changes into his sweats in his bedroom, the itch to ask Dean troubles him all the while, and he tries pushing the thought away, instead focusing on the present, on what he can do with Dean today, but his thoughts keep returning to plague him.
Dean said he had green eyes.
A brief pause, where Dean hums before speaking.
Dean grins at the last bit, leaning back against the counter as he swallows down Blue's words with a sip of beer.
"Besides," Dean said, "-it always did look better on you than it did on me."
, she drops to the floor, lifeless, a pool of blood coursing down from the three bullet holes at the side of her head.
If there was anything Castiel anticipated, it was the slice of the First Blade on his flesh, somewhere in his his body, and he shut his eyes, hoping the blow would come, but it didn't. Instead, there were thick, nimble fingers at his chest.
"Za— Zachariah—"
"Oh. Well alright. I guess I'll take the liberty of saying I'll miss you when you leave."
has this effect on him. Always catches him off-guard.
"How did you know I was an alpha?"
And now here he was, in Dean's room, which had been locked but Castiel had in a fit of rage broken the door knob, needing some semblance of an alpha scent to calm his nerves and put him out of his misery, but soon enough, once he'd spotted the messily made bed, he hadn't been able to restrain himself, and like an unhinged beast, he'd thrown his slick-soaked underwear to the floor, hopped up on Dean's bed, where Dean's pure alpha musk flooded his senses, and began fucking himself on his fingers, rubbing his ass over Dean's bedsheet, promising himself he'd do the laundry later.
"Five more minutes, Cas. Just five."
At once, Castiel untangles himself from within Dean's tight grip, and steps on the floor, dragging his hands down Dean's shoulder to link his fingers through Dean's.
Dean watches for a moment, awestruck, as Castiel opens his eyes and straightens. They glow bright blue for a second— the way they always do when Castiel is using his grace— and Dean finds it hard to tear his gaze away from the sight, but then Cas is pushing down on his fingers, and Dean realises— something slick and wet coats his fingers, and he snaps his eyes up at Cas in question.
"I'll see you next week, ma'am. Have a nice day."
"Why don't you go check in on him? I'll get us all some coffee. Lord knows, that angel is
"Here," Castiel says, grabbing one of Dean's t-shirts and shorts, "-these are fresh. Make you nice and warm."
and Jack pauses. Castiel opens his eyes
“Blue, I’m,”
“I have time,” Blue says, and the smile at Dean’s lips broadens.
Because he'd been sitting there, unmoving, for hours at an end, simply watching Castiel sleep. Funny how it would be Castiel who'd say he'd watch over the Winchesters as they slept, and now, it's Dean watching over him.
And in the morning, after Castiel had cooked him a hefty breakfast, he'd put his scratchy leather boots on, kissed Castiel on the forehead, and left, with a promise of coming back soon.
Dean pressed a thumb to rub the back of Castiel's ear, watching as Castiel recoiled and purred, grinding down on Dean's fingers, a picture of raw sensuality, as Dean grunted to himself and shoved his fingers in deeper so they brushed against Castiel's prostate. The catboy gave a loud, needy whine and arched his back, squeezing Dean's shoulder as he rode Dean's fingers, hips rocking rhythmically as he let out a loud, high-pitched noise, straight out of a pornographic film, and Dean's cock perked with interest.
"A hundred and one percent. It hit me. But we killed her, I mean, Sam killed her." He shrugs, "-so, we just naturally assumed the spell died with her. Why? What's that gotta' do with Cas bein' sick?"
Castiel falters, "Oh, uh, it's probably the new neighbour. They moved in recently.”
"I'm great, Dean. I’ve missed you, by the way. Mary misses you too."
"Why?" Castiel asks softly, not quite expecting Dean to pick up on the words from across the wall, but he does hear it, and is quick to respond.
"Yeah...?" Dean asks, narrowing his eyes in confusion as he sprinkles some salt over the eggs
"All was well. Nothing could separate the two. They lived for each other, they would die for each other. Nothing but pure love, trust and forgiveness prevailed in their hearts. Eurydice loved Orpheus to the ends of the world, and Orpheus, in turn, loved her enough to
"And what made you think that, mister?" Castiel asked, crossing his arms over his chest as he lifted his lips in the slightest of a smirk.
"Why aren't you asleep? I thought I made it clear that you need seven hours of sleep at the most."
"We do have a lot of 'stuff' to talk about it."
"Dean? What's happening?"
The last fifteen days had been a flurry. Dean had forgotten Castiel existed, and Castiel was trying to do the same. But he couldn't. It felt strange, hearing his name on Dean's lips after what had felt like an eternity, but warm nonetheless, warmer than any jacket would ever make him feel.
But sadly, it only remains a glimpse.
Dean's smile widens, and he grabs Castiel by the nape of his neck, pulling him up until Castiel is crawling into Dean's lap, his clothed ass brushing against Dean's cock, "-did you watch it?"
Sam glances at Dean, who can do nothing but stare down at Castiel.
"I'm trying really hard to keep myself together because I don't want to ruin this day for you. But you made a choice. You chose the house, you chose Lawrence, you chose your past because you're scared of what you could have in the future. You want more, you want new things, but you're not willing to give them a chance."
Castiel gasps.
"Oh, Dean," Castiel moaned, spreading his legs wider and bucking his hips so they rubbed against Dean's bulging crotch. Dean, however, seemed in no mood for foreplay, when his mate, his
"Promise me, Dean."
"You can change things, Dean. I don't know to what extent, but we always have a choice. You said I was your first choice, but you're obviously wrong."
It had to be a lie.
Pain unfurled through Castiel's body at having the large tip shove into him with no lube or slick— completely dry and rough, but goddamnit, he needed it anyway he could get.
days for all they can be? And it’s not just the fact that Dean is his friend, it’s the fact that Castiel feels something different for Dean, something stronger, so much more than a friend should.
"Hey, baby, it's alright. Look, Claire's been excited about this for months, ever since we told her. You know she's gonna' be super stoked, yeah?" Dean assured, brushing his knuckles against Castiel's cheek, and Cas leaned into the touch without a thought, his broad hand rubbing up and down Jack's small back.
"Mhm."
"That's stupid. Oh, oh, you could set us up. You're great at that, Cas, remember the time you set up Dorothy and Charlie?"
With hesitant hands, he reaches for the light panel on the side of the wall, and by touch alone, drifts his fingers over the different switches, before pressing one. A dim orange, light in the corner of the room begins to glow and drowns the room in a dull, yellow illumination, and at last, Dean can see the contents of the room as they are, but what catches his attention the most is the body on the bed, wrapped up in thick, weighted blankets with its back to Dean.
Castiel whines at Dean's coaxing words, and nudges him back until he's lying back on the bed, wide green eyes peering down at Castiel, who kneels between Dean's legs, sliding his boxers down until his cock springs free, nudging against Castiel's parted, spit-slick lips.
Dean doesn't even feel the same way towards him.
"You definitely hit the bullseye with the passion though." Dean laughed, earning him a shove to the shoulder from Castiel, who gazed up at Dean, wondering somewhere in the back of his mind, what Dean was thinking of him.
Castiel found himself relaxed under Dean's insistent fingers, and he watched with hawk-like eyes as Dean hooked his fingers under Castiel's waist, and in a single, fluid motion, picked him up, much to Castiel's surprise.
Maybe he would always have Dean.
Deep green eyes.
, if anyone wants to check it out!
Right as he reached for the railing of the staircase, a soft creak pierced through the silence of the manor.
"I'll be right there with you,” Dean assures. “Get some sleep."
Silence lingers between them.
It's been so long since I played for someone, especially with them watching me."
“Oh, any’s fine. Just want to hear you.”
“Cas, I didn’t mean to hurt you, please
Ever since the three of them returned from the witch hunt in Colorado a week ago, Castiel has been acting strange. He stays in bed some afternoons, doesn't insist on searching for hunts or cases in the newspaper, doesn't pester Dean for PB&J sandwiches at four in the evening, and doesn't join Dean when he's watching Dr. Sexy MD, a show Castiel has warmed up to in the past month. And yes, it shouldn't be strange, maybe the guy just wants some space but hey, have you met Castiel? He likes talking. He likes socialising. He likes being with Dean and Sam, so his odd behaviour this past week is something Dean picks up on in seconds.
Castiel thinks, beginning to inspect the violin. Right as he reaches the second peg—
“Dammit.” The twang rises again
"Look, man, seriously, I don't give a shit about the tuning. I'm just trying to catch a nap for a while. So, please, get it over with."
"There are seven billion people in the world, Dean. There must be someone. You'll find them one day."
Enraged, Dean turns away, eyebrows furrowed together as he glares at some speck on the countertop.
They start in tandem and pause in tandem. Castiel simply stares at Dean for a moment, before Dean speaks, "-You first."
About four minutes later, he notices three white dots on the screen.
"You've got such pretty nipples, sweetheart, mind if I bite one? I've been craving for a taste for
gorgeous."
"Hey, you met my boyfriend yet?" A wide, shit-eating grin spreads over Dean's face, and Castiel blushes under Dean's praise. "-He's cute, ain’t he? A lil' grumpy right now, but that's 'cause he hasn’t had nothing to eat."
Passive green eyes stare off into the distance with a cold, frigid glint. It's unusual of Dean to remain so silent, especially after they make love, or find themselves in the midst of it. But Castiel is nothing if not devoted to Dean, and he knows Dean, better than Dean probably knows himself. He knows what every twitch of his lip means, every shallow breath means, every passive stare means.
"Wha— I — how did you— how did you find me?" Cas asks, his hands pressing against Dean's face as Dean rests his forehead against the Angel's, "-I thought the Empty—"
"Come on, Cas, let's be happy today, 'kay? I don't want my last day with you to be sad, I wanna’ make good memories with you."
Castiel shuts his eyes and allows the chords to the first verse of
"Or some Paganini."
The prolonged silence in the air ends with Dean sighing, and then warm hands slip under Castiel's arms, snaking over to lace within his fingers. But Castiel doesn't meet Dean's eyes. He gulps, and continues to stare at their linked fingers.
glowing with youthful exuberance, before Castiel is turning back to Dean.
"He ain't moving out in a month
"I'm sorry if it's a little off at some places, I haven't played in a long time."
If he has to move back to Lawrence in two weeks, he'll have to repack his things by the end of this week. Not to mention having to book packers and movers to send some of his furniture and items back to Lawrence. The other items he won't need, he could sell them on eBay. He'll have to end his sessions with Missouri, tell her he's moving and worst of all…
They ascended the rest of the stairs in an awkward, strange sort of silence, and only when they had reached the top did Garth speak again. It seemed his enthusiasm hadn't wavered, despite Dean's incessant pestering and harsh tone. Dean had his reasons. Castiel knew. He wouldn't let his mind wander down the rabbit-hole of the
"My, my, my, what a dirty little slut I've got here. Say, you ever sucked cock, baby? Ever been fucked?"
"Rowena, erm," Sam starts, "-could we please just have the cure without the dramatics?"
On the browning, frayed pages of the book, Castiel found—
"Remember you by? But you're right here?"
It was a man, with short, spiky blondish-brown hair, a chiseled face, bright apple-green eyes and dusky freckles. He was dressed in a plain, crimson-red plaid button-up, paired with dark-washed jeans, and his figure was firm. Muscular arms and bodies which screamt of his strength, and held in his right arm, a blade. Not just any blade. The First Blade.
"It was okay," Green says, a dull tone to his voice, which prompts Castiel to shoot a glare at a blank wall.
"You sound weird."
"Told her I was sorry. Told her she could never be you."
Castiel digs into the pocket of his jeans, retrieving a bunch of keys, one of which he shoves inside the keyhole to his front door. Dean pulls away for a few brief moments as the door creaks open and allows Castiel to lead the way.
"Is that why you married me, Cas?" Another finger jabs at Castiel's waist, and Castiel can't contain himself anymore, as he lets out a chuckle, "-'cause you hate me so much?"
Distinct mischief laces Green’s voice.
Silence.
As soon as the last drop of coffee leaves his cup, Castiel crumples it and chucks it into the trash can. He's right about to leave the break room, when his phone vibrates in his pocket. He digs it out of his scrubs and taps on the dark screen.
"Born with it." Dean quirks his bottom lip, and Castiel refrains himself from grinning wider, shaking his head. Dean sets each of the duffle bags onto the ground and the sight of the packed bags tugs at something inside Castiel.
Castiel sends the text, and quickly adds the contact to his device.
Dean rolls his eyes, huffing out a sigh before looking up at the ceiling. Beside him, Castiel noses against his shoulder, and he feels his body tense up at the different possibilities their little
"Hey, c'mon, I need you to stay awake for little while. You can keep your eyes closed, but don't fall asleep," Dean instructs, but clearly, Castiel hasn't heard much, since he's been staring behind Dean's shoulder since the minute he woke up.
He pulls the mug away, and throws a brief glance towards the grandfather clock resting against the corner of the living room.
." Castiel emphasizes his words with finger quotes, and Dean snorts, before allowing Castiel to continue, "-So, live up to it."
"I just hope it isn't too late."
"You apologized to me already. In Purgatory. I heard your prayer, Dean." Castiel smiles, and takes a few steps forward, his hands in the pocket of his trenchcoat as he moves closer to Dean.
"Must be." Castiel shrugs.
"Morning, Mr. Kreschner, what are you reading?" Castiel smiles, pausing to regard the elderly man whose childish attitude and optimism never failed to bring a smile to Castiel's face.
"I've wanted this for so long," Castiel whispers against Dean's skin, and Dean nods.
"You gonna' say somethin'?"
"Mhm. What do you think?"
"Mr. Winchester, you're drunk."
is a handsome, young man, glowing with a radiance enough to outshine the moon above them.
"I'm far from an angel."
Rowena's words are a bucket of ice water on Dean's skin, and at once, he feels his chest constrict, his breath quicken, and tears sting his eyes.
"Well, I'm curious now."
"S-sorry, I'm so, so sorry, I made you uncomfortable, uhm, I just meant—"
The cocktail had ended hours ago, the drive from the central City to the outskirts, where his condo was, had in itself been tiring. The alcohol in his system hadn't subdued, and he knew he was in for a long night when he pushed the keys into the keyhole and twisted the knob. The door swung open, and he stepped inside, only to be met with the appetizing scent of black coffee, the way Dean brewed it, with a hint of sugar and a spoon of cream— he could distinguish
"I'm close too," he gasps, and Castiel whimpers, burying his face in the crook of Dean's neck as he rides Dean to his orgasm, and before he can warn Castiel, he's pumping a load inside— hot, thick and sticky, but Castiel takes it all with a loopy grin.
"After everything I've done for you," Dean started, and distantly, Castiel could hear the clinking of a belt, "-this is how you repay me."
"I felt happy, for the first time in a... in a very long time. But this past week... I haven't been alright, Cas. I know, I know, we said happy memories, but—"
"Eggs," A pause. "
For hours, as Castiel slept through the carriage ride from London to Somerset, Dean had held him in his arms, watched out for any directions to give to the coachman, and compelled himself to stay awake, despite both of them being exhausted from the air travel. It was Castiel's first-ever trip on an airplane, although Dean had been a few times before already for his work. Pregnancy had rendered Castiel weaker than before, at least when it came to his body. He'd tire sooner than before, and his spine had begun to ache at times. Of course, the omega-medician had advised Castiel to not let it dim his spirits, since his pup was as healthy as could be.
Castiel pauses. He doesn't hang up.
"Awh, baby, you think I'd ever let you fall?" Dean asks, his voice lively and his eyes bubbling with mirth, and with such a beaming expression on Dean's face, Castiel finds it hard to remain cross with him.
He hasn't even seen the man, for crying out loud. Besides he seems far too old for Castiel's tastes. Well, he's not really that old, but it doesn't matter anymore. Mr. Green is obviously,
"Dude, I love it. Hold on, I need to grab a fork."
"O—oh. I uh, I don't know what came over me when I wrote it." Green's voice is soft now, not dejected, but a little shy, as if he's been put right on the spot.
to sink his teeth into that ass.
"Tasty," the demon growled, and pulled his lips away with a
A desperate knock startles both Jack and himself
What a slut for me, Cas, want me to come in your ass?"
Her mother nods, returning the pleasantry before turning away, the girl’s tiny hand in her own. Right as she's turning away, however, she pauses, and turns back to Castiel.  "Mr. Novak?"
"What were they doing?" Dean asks sweetly, murmuring against Castiel's ears as he rubs his finger over Castiel's hole, feeling it flutter under his touch as Castiel clenches his ass, undoubtedly finding it difficult to accustom himself to the foreign touch, but Dean is gentle and persistent, and he rubs his middle finger around the dry, tiny ring of flesh and he realises—
Castiel's breath falters, and his eyes prickle with tears as he gazes up at Dean's tall, broad frame.
He walks out his bedroom, making a detour through the kitchen to grab himself a mug of coffee, before knocking against the wall in the living room.
"So, I'll meet you Tuesday, teach."
"Sam–" he calls out, as loud as he can, hoping Sam can hear him. On the bed, Castiel trembles, his eyes shut and lips parted as he breathes in deep, heaving breaths, and Dean sits back on his haunches, his hand over Castiel's forehead, which hurts to touch with how hot it is, and the other gripping Castiel's shoulder, as Dean once again calls for Sam.
And this morning, when Castiel had stepped out of his car and followed Dean into the abandoned shack in the forest, unwittingly he'd stepped right into Dean's trap.
A pause.
"Fine, I'll... I'll send over some documents. Please make it quick, Dean. And if you get calls from the council, let me know. Also, for God's sake, check your goddamn e-mail."
"Was that enough physical contact for the curse to cure?" A teasing tone laces his words, and Dean cracks into a grin before draping himself over Castiel and pulling him closer against his chest.
Dean’s mind acts on instinct, pulling Castiel closer with a hand on the small of his back. He rests his head against the juncture of Castiel's shoulder, dropping a soft kiss on the smooth skin there as he feels Castiel shake under him with shallow sobs.
"I," Green pauses, "-don't know. Alright, uhm, what if I were to run out of milk? Who would I ask?"
Dean sighs, and his hands fall from Castiel's back down to rub his waist.
The voice draws Castiel out of his thoughts, and he turns to find Mr. Kreschner standing right next to him, his cane held in both hands as he leans back against the wall.
"Mhm, alpha please," Cas moaned, and wrapped her legs around Deanna's waist, grinding their hips together as Deanna brought her lips to one of Cas's nipples and suckled on the nub, creeping a hand down between the depths of Cas's thighs, sliding lower and lower, until her fingers dipped into slick, wet, heat, and she pushed them in, until the tightness between Cas's thighs swallowed Deanna's fingers. Their lips met, and their kiss grew heavier, more intense than before, laced with passion and love, and Cas nipped Deanna's lips, earning a groan from the alpha, until her hands wandered up towards the hem of Deanna's bra, and cupped her breast, stroking a thumb over the nipple to harden it.
"Why do you have to go?"
He shifts his gaze up to meet Dean's eyes.
It’s simply the ease at which we speak that amazes me.”
"I said—"
"And your erection is pressing against my thigh."
"Can I say something?"
"Fine," Dean says, exasperated, as he throws a glance at Castiel's door, before turning away and towards the kitchen.
"But then, why am I deteriorating?" he asks, tilting his head, his lips parted and his eyes narrow as he stares at Dean.
"Why? S'our home. We can do anything we want," Dean mumbles, nibbling Castiel's ear lobe between his teeth as he noses at the side of Castiel's head. His fingers graze over one of Castiel's sensitive nipple, and Castiel lets out another moan, arching back into Dean's touch, mouth dropping open in pleasure. As if on cue, Dean brings the hand inside Castiel's shirt out through his collar, and hooks his thumb over Castiel's bottom lip. His narrow, lust-hazed eyes track every moment of Castiel's body— the heavy contractions of his chest, the twitching of his fingers, the furrowing of his eyebrows, and most of all, the sliver of his pink tongue that dashes out Castiel's lips to swipe a lick over Dean's thumb, showing just how aroused he is by Dean's touching.
"Dean—" Castiel breathed, gasping and letting out another string of choked moans as Dean's cock fucked into him, stretching his hole to its limit with how fat it was.
I know it's too soon. And I hate it just as much as you do, but I don't know what I'll do here. Back in Lawrence, I can take over my uncle's garage, work on cars, the things I love. It's quiet, it's reclusive, it's what I've wanted for so long after duty. I don't know what my purpose is here. And if I stayed here, I'd have to sell the house, sell the garage, get all my furniture here, look for a better flat. It just... It wouldn't work."
In the void constricting around him, he manages to ground himself down, manages to remain strong, to keep fighting, for Cas, for himself, for Jack, for Sam, for love.
"Better late than never."
Castiel huffs, so
"Hmm."
of being untouched? God, I could smell you from miles away and knew you'd got a hole that's never been filled before. Don't worry though, I'll keep the fucking for later."
Castiel grins, and scoots back on the bed.
A silence, before a soft, meek voice speaks up.
, throbbing and curved, and in the back of his mind, Castiel finally realised what it meant to be
"I'm alright, thank you."
Both brothers chuckle at Sam's comment, and Dean's laugh subdues into a wicked grin.
"Dean," he gasped, eyes slipping shut, as he felt Dean hum and press his lips to Castiel's neck. His hands were slow but firm as they plucked Castiel's coat off his shoulders, and let it fall to the ground. Dean pinched the tip of his fingers, and slid his white, satin gloves down, before linking their fingers together, and dragged his nose against Castiel's nape, pressing a trail of kisses to his skin as Castiel gasped and curled into his touch.
love is stronger than the love Orpheus had for Eurydice. The conditions remain the same. Castiel shall follow behind you, every step of the way, but one glance, even a tilt behind, and the angel remains lost in the depths of the Empty forever. However, if you make it to the portal, the two of you together, the angel is yours. Forever."
Rowena turns around, fixing Dean and Sam a dry look as she says, "-I see you're picking up on the Winchester lingo, eh? Not a problem– now, angel, I'm going to figure out what's wrong with you with a wee little spell, and for that, I need you to lie down, shut your eyes, and concentrate on your breathing. Can you do that for me?"
Alicia stops, the brown curls on her shoulder bouncing as she turns to him, a glint of surprise in her eyes.
"We could have done this sooner," Castiel says, mischief lacing his words, as Dean noses against his cheek.
"Like what?” Sam scoffs, much to Dean’s displeasure, “-Do you have a job? Do you have friends? What?"
"That was..."
Pants and gasps fill the room as all three men rush over to each other. Dean gives Castiel a hand, and pulls him up, before tugging him towards Sam, whose chest heaves as he stares down at the body on the floor, the gun in his hand lowering.
Their eyes meet. Castiel's blank, reticent eyes pierce into Dean's glassy, wet ones.
"Right around the corner."
"You have a brother?"
Dean paused for a moment, and Castiel bit the inside of his lips to refrain the laughter bubbling at the back of his throat. Dean's green eyes went comically wide, and his mouth dropped open. Castiel couldn't contain himself any longer as he let out another laugh.
"Oh, Blue. You're real cute, you know that?" Heat spreads across Dean's face, and he listens as Blue falters over the phone.
"Mh, you're gorgeous angel,
Soft, warm fingers touched Castiel's chin, urging him to look up, and so he did, albeit confused by Dean's sudden, gentle tone, only to find his face inches from Dean's, whose expressions were virtually unreadable to Castiel, even in his current state of mind. Although hesitance rose up at the back of his mind, with the tender, kind look in Dean's eyes, Castiel found himself helpless before Dean.
"Y-yes Master," Castiel mumbled, pink face turned down.
"Yeah. Like Uncle Sammy is to Daddy. You're gonna' take care of him, won't you, Claire-bear?" Tears lined Castiel's eyes as he stared into his daughter's wide, awestruck eyes.
"Exactly, I was surprised too when the manager called. So, you should go check it out, yeah?"
"Then don't," he says, voice barely audible, wet with emotions he's trying so hard to suppress.
"Possessive? The fuck? Why would I feel possessive?"
He hates himself in that moment. More than he ever has before.
"Well, at least I don't speak like a truck driver on some abandoned Alabama highway,” Castiel scoffs, dropping his voice lower, and attempting at a drawl as best as he can,
"It's alright baby, I'm right here, I'm gonna' help you, okay?" The gentle tone, paired with Dean's gruff, deep voice sparked another wave of arousal within Castiel's gut, and he ground his hips over Dean's bedsheet, trying to get some semblance of friction against his hole, when—
Now that tugs a wide smile at Dean's face, and heat rises in his cheeks, although he wouldn't admit it.
"Yeah well, have you met me? Do I look like some kind of fancy hotshot to you?"
,” Dean hisses, pressing the back of his hand to Castiel's forehead, feeling the angel's exasperating heat seep into his own hand, and then he shifts it to his neck, where once again, his hand begins to heat up in tandem with Castiel's neck.
Garth hung his head, obviously dejected, but obeyed any way, and dashed out the door towards their luggage. Castiel turned his head towards Dean, who pushed his suit jacket down his shoulders, and folded it across his arm. He unbuttoned the cuffs of his sleeves, and with a sigh turned to Castiel.
"It's okay, Cas, I'm right here," Dean whispers, and Castiel's breath quickens, chest rising and falling in shallow jerks, as he adapts to the intrusion inside him.
Silence follows his words— a heavy silence, where Castiel has things he wants to say, and he knows Dean must be curious too, and yet, he can’t convince himself to speak. It frightens him for a moment. This bizarre hesitance. Why can’t he say anything? He’s read Dean poems before, various poems, so how is today any different? There’s a sudden, he doesn’t know how to explain it, a sudden
Dean groans, and turns away. His mind, although present here and listening, is lost in distant thoughts of Castiel. He hears Sam speak to Rowena a few feet away, and yet, he can't help but think of his angel.
"No. S'comfy."
Somehow, with the coherence in the alpha's words, it seemed Castiel was the only one so heavily affected by the lingering tension between them.
"We should meet before you leave," Castiel ventures.
"This is what you were working overtime for?"
"Then why aren't you doing anything about it?"
A sob rips through his throat, and he bites down on the back of his palm to refrain the cry that slips past his lips, instead muffled by the hand at his mouth. The sound of teardrops hitting the paper with a pop captures his attention, and he looks down at the slip of paper, smudged with ink and tears— a poetic moment, he thinks, if it weren’t for the urge to tear the paper apart and burn it. The pen falls from his hand, and so does another tear. He swallows down another sob, the wet sound of it echoing through the room, as he reads out his words from the very start.
Dean smiles, nodding to himself.
Dean is going to miss this. Miss the buzz of a city, the noise of the people and the cars, even at the most reclusive times in the night. He will miss the chill in the air, the mingled aromas of spices and smoke lingering in the air, and Dean breathes out a staggering breath. A glance forward shows him the garden is empty, save for a man sitting near a tree, clad in a bright yellow cardigan, his head resting against the tree, earphones plugged in.
"Around seven in the morning."
The door to the bathroom clicks open, and Dean settles Castiel down on the floor, but not without dropping a soft kiss over his head. Castiel smiles, and without a word, shuffles into the shower, checking the water before letting the water spray down from the shower head. Castiel steps aside, noting how Dean slumps back against the tiled wall, eyes distant and veiled thinly by a sheen of tears.
"Very," the catboy mumbled.
His head buzzed with the remnants of wine in his body, and he sighed as he dragged his feet up the marble stairs at the entrance of his condo. His suit, apart from being slightly rumpled, seemed to itch at his skin—
"I was scared. I'm sorry, Cas. For every time I could have done something, but didn't," Dean admits. Castiel's hand travels up to caress his face, and he leans into the touch.
, it felt
"Then come is all you're gonna' get," Dean laughed, and threw his head back with a relieved moan as his hand wrapped around his cock, and he stroked himself, masturbating with his tip buried inside Castiel's hole. Castiel dared to push his hips back, but a sharp pinch on one of his cheek's had him mewling, and he learnt his place, now staying put on his knees as Dean huffed and groaned behind him, jerking himself off, thrusting only the tip of his cock inside to torture Castiel, and Castiel whined, before he heard Dean curse frantically, and a moment later, something warm and wet flooded his hole, and he jerked, arching his back as he felt Dean's come coat his insides with its thick texture.
A pause. Silence lingers in the air.
At once, Dean blinks aimlessly, slumping back into his chair, pulling his shoulders in, not wanting to be seen by Rowena and Sam's inquisitive eyes, wanting to hide away from the world. No, no, no, what he shares with Castiel is not some random, one-time tryst, what Dean shares with Castiel, it's inexplicable, it's irrevocable, it's exceptional, it's– it's–
“Alright, let me go grab a book.”
"Dean."
Dean freezes.
The worn-out tone of Green's voice draws Castiel to hitch a breath, and he swallows thick, leaning against the window as he answers.
Castiel had fleshed out his routine ages ago. Sleep, eat, teach, cook, eat again, work. But ever since Mr. Green became a part of his day-to-day life, Castiel found his routine had changed. For almost a week now, his routine has been- sleep, eat, teach, blabber, blabber, blabber, cook, eat, work.
"Cas, I told you already, I'm moving. I told you I'm staying here for only a month or two. And I know we have this friendship and it's—"
and still hurts me
The Empty is dark, to put it simply. But even yet, a strange aura lingers in the air. Peace, quiet, too quiet— as if it were the calm before the storm. Dean can't see where he's going, can't touch anything, can't hear anything, can't feel anything. He feels blinded, and his hand flaps around as he tries to hold on to something— anything, but in vain. Even when he trips and falls over his own foot, he isn't hurt. He feels nothing. It's as if he never fell in the first place.
"I don't mind—"
before returning his small smile.
"It's huge. And thick. Does it grow bigger when you're aroused?"
Being true mates was no game.
"Dean," Castiel mewled, reaching back to pull his ass cheeks apart, allowing Dean a clearer view of his small, pink pucker which quivered in tune with Castiel's breaths.
’, not off." A soft chuckle rises up and Castiel feels himself go red upon having his error pointed out.
Confusion and fear coursed through Castiel. What a terrifying combination, no? When you don't know what the next second might bring, when every nerve inside you is lit on fire with fear and uncertainty, and yet, all you can do is watch. Terrifying indeed. And so it was with Castiel. Nor could he kill himself, nor would the demon kill him. It was a pity.
"Is that what you've been telling yourself? This entire time?"
"Missed you."
"Because you what?" Dean asks, but Castiel only sighs. He shakes his head, dismissing Dean's voice, and his eyes go numb. The tears stop, and he wipes away the ones already spilt.
"I don't know. Does three hours of sleep count as well-rested?"
, that noise. Simply prickling under Castiel's skin.
"I just… whatever,” he says. “-I don't want to talk about it. There's a month left, and that's enough. What do you think?"
"You're gonna' stay right here with me," Castiel says, nipping at Dean's jaw before dropping to nose against his neck, "-no one's going to hurt you. All mine. All mine, every day and every night. Gonna' keep you all to myself," he mumbles, rocking back against Dean's dry fingers.
"Aw, 'kay, good night. Wait no, it's no good night for you."
"Meg."
"Really, so innovative."
"Well, I'm going to save it. Besides, it's not like you can come in here and take it away from me." Castiel bounces a shoulder to himself, a teasing edge to his voice. He's testing how far Green wants to go with his promise of remaining anonymous.
"No, Cas, I didn't know you'd be here."
"Sorry, I just..."
"And you won't even meet me? Why not? I've always tried to be respectful of you, I've always tried so hard to, to respect your space, and I've tried so, so hard to be a good friend. Now that you're leaving, won't you meet me, not even once?"
Being inside Castiel felt like nothing Dean had ever felt before. It was tight, suffocating, wet, warm, fleshy— Dean couldn't get enough. If he had his way, he'd have Castiel sitting on his cock every second of every day, but for now, he focused on setting an easy pace, thrusting in and out, watching as Castiel's hole budded and sank in along with Dean's cock, and how Dean's cock plunged into the depths of his tight, wet heat, over and over again.
"Eh, I don't want to talk about it."
Castiel gave it back that evening.
His mind is troubled, his thoughts disarrayed; what will Rowena find? Does it have anything to do with their hunt last week? Could it be something else? Could it be his grace? The angels? The demons? What could it possibly—
So, he writes. And writes and writes and writes. Writes until his fingers are numb. Until the page isn't enough. Until he's struggling to find words.
"Oh, you can come in. You don't have to be so formal," he says, and Dean nods. Thankful for the heat inside the house, he zips his hoodie down, pushing it off his shoulders to bundle it in his arms as he walks into Castiel's kitchen. He feels a little shy in the back of his mind, but the moment Dean is in the small room, Castiel is regarding him with a soft smile.
"Thought I told you already. At eleven." Dean's voice is gruff, and Castiel knows it's not the way he wanted things to go, but he sits up anyway, fidgeting with a fingernail. He doesn’t bother responding to Dean, because, hey, he doesn't have to be
Castiel paused, and Dean felt him give up on pushing Dean away. He stood rooted to the ground for a few minutes, and Dean drowned his lungs in Castiel's fruity scent. Somehow, it seemed as if Castiel was contemplating something, considering something very deliberately, but Dean couldn't be less bothered.
Dean staggers a step back, as if repulsed by the very notion of Castiel’s words.
And Dean decides, screw it. Screw everything that's been holding him back, every doubt, ever fear, every insecurity. He isn't doing this for himself, no, he's doing this for Castiel. Dean
"I'm sorry,” he quickly amends. “I didn't mean to cross a line, that was really rude of me—"
One more step, and he will be closer to the light than he was before.
"Welcome home." Dean laughed, and Castiel sat up.
Castiel laughs.
Dean pressed his lips into the flesh of Castiel's ass, sucking the soft, taut flesh into his mouth to leave a glaring, red mark. He thrusted another finger into Castiel's greedy hole, and it sunk in at once. Castiel groaned, rocking back on Dean's fingers to feel every inch of his fingers splitting his flesh open. Dean pulled away, a string of spit dripping down his lips as he studied the mark on Castiel's ass. Red and deep.
“What makes you think I’m not hurt, huh? That I didn’t try to do everything I could about this? If I could stay, I would stay. Castiel, if I had to choose between you and everything else, you know I’d always choose you. You know damn well, what I feel,” Dean pauses, “-what’s between us. And it’s pathetic, that we both know what we want, what we need, but neither of us are making a damn effort to get it.”
"Cas? Buddy? Hey, I need you to wake up for me? Just for a little."
carefully to what I'm about to say. Any questions can be kept for later. Clear?"
He knew he would
as possible." Green snorts, and Castiel smiles.
"Dean," Castiel gasps, his thighs aching from the strange angle, and his hole burning red. Dean presses his lips against his forehead and runs a hand through his hair to soothe him.
” Castiel starts.
"Dean, what the
"G'day, sir, m'Garth. I take care ov' the manor, ya' must be the Winchesters, yes?"
Castiel's breath hitches, and he swallows the lump in his throat, before setting the waste down onto the stand next to his bed, and turning back to Dean.
Dean's eyes soften and wander down to the ground as he sighs, evidently crestfallen.
"So, you want me to what, take a day off so we can wait on an imaginary cat that you think will climb up five flights of stairs in an enclosed apartment building for absolutely no reason at all?"
"You're so cute."
"What do you want me to apologize for?" Castiel asked at last.
"First of all, there's something known as minding your own business, and second of all," Castiel gulps, shrugging a nonchalant shoulder, "there's nothing wrong with my tuning?!"
"Cas."
A glance at his wristwatch shows Dean it's almost half-past three in the afternoon. Sam had called Rowena at around nine in the morning, and she had been a few cities over. Of course, she agreed to come at once, something Dean was truly grateful for. However, her oncoming arrival did nothing to soothe Dean’s restless mind.
"Mr. Kreschner?" he asks, mostly to himself as Kreschner pats Dean on the shoulder and envelopes him with a hug when he turns towards him. For a fleeting second, Dean's eyes meet Castiel's and Castiel's breath hitches in his throat, before Dean turns his gaze back down.
"Cas, we'll figure it out, alright?" Dean says and rubs a hand over Castiel's jaw.
"What?" Dean asks, momentarily confused.
It's been five days since Dean last heard from Cas.
, I would've banged you right then and there, fucked you and filled you up good."
"You look beautiful like this, sweetheart," Dean said after a few moments passed between them. Heavy pants filled the silence, and Castiel looked up at Dean, gasping for air, tears pooling at his eyes.
Something tugs at Dean's mind, something familiar, and at once, it clicks.
to be filled with a demon's cock. To be depraved, to be corrupted, to be tainted by a demon's touch.
"Was it too harsh?" he finds himself asking.
"You just did."
"I can tell." A gentle smile lifts the corners of Dean's lips.
A short walk (and a lot of groping) later, they ended up at the side of a deserted alley, with a big, black car parked at the corner, and in a moment flat, Castiel was pressed up against the car door with his legs wrapped around Dean's waist and Dean's mouth nibbling at his scent gland.
The door swings open behind him, and loud pants fill the room as footsteps patter across the floor.
Come to think of it, Castiel does find it very unlike Dean to have hung up so soon.
"No, I— Cas— sonovabitch— why'd you have to be so— so—
for it, but hey, give a guy a break.
I'm saying, being with you, it's like a Saturday."
"I don't want to hurt you, Cas."
"I love you too, Castiel."
And how did Dean know?
I don't
The sincerity and hurt in Castiel's voice resounds within Dean, and he pulls Castiel close against his chest, wrapping his arms around the younger boy.
"It won't open."
Dean's fingers run down Castiel's shoulder, sending a slight shiver through his skin, and he swallows a lump growing at the back of his throat.
"Cas, this is exactly what I'm talking about here," he says, highlighting his words by waving a hand between them. "
"You know what?" Castiel's words break into a laugh, and he grins, trying to refrain his amusement from hindering his speech. He presses a hand to his mouth to muffle his laughter.
"Dean?" Castiel gasps, and turns around, watching as the Impala, black and mighty in all its beauty, roars, it’s engine screeching to a halt a few feet away from Castiel.
So, on some mornings, when Castiel comes home from work at around seven, he'll hear a knock on the wall, and with the obedience of a third-grade child in love with his English teacher, Mr. Green will yell out a ‘
"Really?"
"I'm going to need silence. I will need focus. As I mentioned before, this spell requires utter concentration, and only when I'm at my best focus, will I be able to detect any smaller changes."
"How?"
Castiel froze.
So, I'm so happy to share with you one of my rare multi-chapter fanfics! This is one of my favorite stories so far, so I will be updating it soon. I expect about 10 to 15 chapters, but I can't be sure yet. This is a new genre for me, since I'm not a huge horror writer, although I am a huge horror/mystery fan.
Dean cuts him off, a little agitated.
The familiar timbre of his catboy's voice drew Dean out of his reverie, and he blinked back to the present, where his catboy stood with a rag and a feather duster in his hand.
Castiel nods and pulls a chair out. Alright, yes, he admits he isn't the most amicable person on the entirety of the third-floor night shift staff. And yes, he doesn't mingle much during the breaks, but he does help people when they need something and he’s always polite with others.
’ escapes past Castiel's lips as he twists his fingers around the loose peg.
Castiel's eyes shot up to meet Dean's, and a beat passed between them, neither boy saying a word, simply searching for an answer within each other's eyes, and it was enough for Castiel, enough answer in itself, when he saw Dean's face tint red, and his eyes wandered away.
"Sit down."
"It's enough for me."
"Mhm, in a while."
Dean shakes his head, but puts Sam on speaker and scrolls through his G-mail account, dozens and dozens of unread e-mails filling his phone screen.
in Dean's arms.
Dean often wondered what a void would look like.
"Try harder–" She urges, but Dean punches his fists down onto the table.
saw my face."
There's something so oddly affectionate and mischievous about Blue's voice, something so childish, and it tugs at something deep inside Dean's chest.
"Just please," he called out, hoping Dean could hear him, "-go away Dean. Leave me alone. You're not thinking—" Before he could finish however, Dean was walking over, no, he was marching over to where Castiel was standing, and in a split second, he grabbed Castiel by the front of his t-shirt, and pinned him against the tree, their faces close enough for Castiel to lean in and taste Dean's lips again, but the cold, rigidity of Dean's gaze had Castiel rooted to the ground.
You and I, we're different people. You're young, sweetheart, you have so much ahead of you. You, Cas, you'll grow, you'll discover. You're not even thirty yet, for crying out loud." Castiel's lips twitch with annoyance, but Dean continues, "
met Castiel's nose, and he let out a deep breath, reaching up to press a hand against his chest, where he felt a slight ache, as if something had been punched into his lungs. If Dean were to find him, he would surely admonish him for scaring himself in his state.
"On my life," Dean whispers, and his lips press against the side of Castiel's head.
"No contraceptives, no condoms, no protection, and an omega in heat— hope you're ready to pay kindergarten fees, alpha." Castiel laughed, as he felt Dean lay down on the bed, cautious of his knot inside Castiel, and adjusted himself until they were lying on their sides with Dean's arm draped protectively over Castiel. With his foot, Dean nudged the covers, no matter how stained they were, and spread them over his omega.
Dean massages his fingers at Castiel's sides, and in the silence of their night, the only noise being there heavy breaths and the slick smacks of Castiel's wet ass over Dean's cock, Castiel can hear the helplessness in his own voice, the raw, unsheathed desperation, and part of him pities himself at the sound of it.
be Lisa.
Dean raps on the door, before allowing Castiel a moment to respond, after which, he twists the doorknob, nudging the door open, and peeks his head in. As he steps inside, the dim orange light still illuminating the room, he finds the bed empty, with the blankets ruffled and flung over as if in haste.
Blue's words are like a sip of hot chocolate on a cold, grey winter's night.
to him with every passing moment, and Castiel wants to say something, ask him something, but he's paralyzed.
"And?"
And inside the box, Castiel discovers— a small, thin, silver ring.
you?" she asks, and Dean nods, a bit taken aback by her sudden enthusiasm.
"Whatever they are," Dean cleared his throat, and Castiel caught him sending Garth a forbidding glare, "-they're not of import. Garth, could you bring our luggage inside?"
Jack was around two now, and between their paperwork, the couple would always come meet him and play with him, ecstatic over the thought of bringing him home one day. But bringing him home wasn't as much of a fest as Castiel had thought it would. Because Claire.
"You don't know? Come on, there must be some reason. You don't just come to New York without a purpose. Or at least that's what I've heard."
"Life's unpredictable. I did attend one of her shows. She was quite a brilliant actress."
"Yes, please..." Castiel says, voice soft, and Dean grins, pushing himself off the wall as he walks into the kitchen. He scours the fridge and grabs some eggs, whistling as he works, as if everything is the way it's always been, as if he didn’t cry a mere few minutes ago.
When met with silence, she sighs, and her eyes flicker between both Dean and Sam expectantly.
"You can come closer and scent me if you want to make sure..." Castiel suggested.
And another.
"’M gonna’ miss you and your stupid quotes."
"Eh, it's nothing. Would've sang a mean duet if I wasn't feeling low."
Dean watches, rooted to the ground, dumbstruck, as Castiel lays back down, bending his knees above the sheets, and spreading his legs apart. Dean's eyes remain fixed onto the sight as he watches Castiel's silk robe fall open and expose his smooth, golden flesh. Flustered, Dean shifts his gaze away, towards some mundane space under the bed, and continues.
"The real world isn't like high school. People have jobs, and bills and other things to attend to. Dating becomes more of a secondary need."
Truth is, Castiel hasn't had the time to check his phone all night, so he doesn’t know if Green has responded yet. But his smile? It stems purely from the thought of speaking to Green again. Their conversations play on repeat in his mind, the banter, the discussions, the laughter. It makes Castiel feel light. Like a feather floating in the breeze.
The woman behind the counter tugs the plastic glove further on her hand as she digs inside to retrieve them. Castiel smiles as he shuffles to the cash counter of the bakery and grabs his wallet to pay for the sweets. He was walking back home from the hospital when he was met with the soft aroma of warm, fresh bread and pies, and he followed his nose down to the new bakery across the street from their apartment building. At first, he'd been enraptured by the sesame buns, but the moment one of the workers brought out a tray of tempting little pie slices, Castiel had at once thought of Dean, and of the excitement in his voice if Castiel left pie out for him.
Because he knew if he did, he wouldn't be able to resist Dean again.
He will have to tell Castiel.
With a sigh, Dean composes himself, and knocks against the large, ebony door. A few seconds pass, allowing him to steady himself.
"Dean—"
Something entered him. Something vile, something strange, something
"Hmm?"
"Not much. I'll practice the keys. It's been quite a while since I sat down at my piano. I'll watch a little television, read a page or two. I'm not sure. What about you?"
"It's not a quote, no, it's from the Bible.
"I didn’t mean to hurt you, Mr.Green.”
He opts for the stairs over the elevator, and jogs down, slipping into the jacket and pulling the hood on to hide his face. The night-duty guard tips his head at Dean, and Dean sends him a brief smile before walking out the back of the building, and into the garden with the jogger's track. Wide expanses of green meet Dean eyes, and a soft wind howls through the bare branches, making them sway back and forth. The grass under him is a bit slippery, so he decides to stroll for a while.
A chuckle slips past Dean’s lips unbidden. "You make me sound like a Greek god."
It stops and Dean blinks his eyes open, drifting them up to Castiel, who seems to hesitate for a moment, before looking to Dean, expectant and waiting.
Dean pauses, his words laced with helplessness and annoyance, and Castiel regrets ever bringing up the sore subject.
Jack makes an indignant noise around his mouthful of pie. "It's alright," he says, gulping it down. “I got a new video game last night, although I don’t play much of those.”
Anger, hurt, sorrow, disappointment— Castiel expected one of these emotions to rise through him. But they didn't. Instead, he felt numb. You know that feeling when you hold a cube of ice in your hand for as long as you can, and for a few seconds it stings, but eventually, your hand is paralysed, you can't move it, you can't lift a single finger, you can't feel another thing— that's how it felt. But instead of holding a single cube, Castiel felt himself being buried in a pit of ice.
"Hey, I love you." Castiel mumbles, nipping at Dean's jaw, before lifting his eyes up to meet Dean's gaze.
"Son of a bitch," Green sighs, “-whaddya’ want?”
"Whatever," he said, and turned away, picking up his feet as he began to walk away. But somehow, he found himself wanting to return to the alpha's presence, and yet, he couldn't get himself to stop.
"Okay, that's too much."
Castiel's mouth drops open, and he leans back, an offended spark in his eyes. "I'm sorry, have you ever played a violin before?"
"Wanna' clean it up for me?" Dean asks, a smirk playing at his lips, and although Castiel is still riding the high of his orgasm, panting against Dean's chest with his eyes narrowed in exhaustion, he somehow manages to send Dean a glare.
"Is it a big house?" Castiel asks in turn, as he leans back against the railing.
In the solitude of his room, on the pages of a diary, he keeps hidden away from the world, Dean allows himself to exist as he is. The pages of his diary spew only the truth, no lies. A crude, unpolished
before.
"You're unbelievable."
With a heavy sigh, Castiel pushes his phone away, only for it to vibrate with a loud buzz on the wooden table. Alicia throws him a glance at the sound of the vibration and Castiel swipes the phone back into his hands, staring down at it.
"Yes."
A soft ‘
For a moment, Castiel pulls away and tilts his chin up to meet Dean's eyes.
"This feels different, doesn't it? I mean, I know it's you, I can feel it's you, but you're here, and part of me finds it so hard to accept that."
The ropes dug into Castiel's skin where they wrapped tightly around his body. At his wrists, at his ankles, his thighs, his lips and his neck. One of the thicker ropes suspended him from the ceiling, and he hung in the air, tears staining his face and blood trickling down his collar bone from the sliced cut at his neck. A dark chuckle rose from across the room, and a glint of metal shone against the floor.
It was wide, tall, and seemed firm, just as heavy as the front door of the manor. Could it perhaps be a back door? Leading out into the woods?
"Alright."
"Explosion," Dean says, and hopes it's enough to satisfy Castiel's curiosity. Castiel being Castiel, however, he pries further.
"Personally? Page."
The air rung with the sounds of Castiel moaning in a string of soft
you’re actually leaving, would stop me from being upset, wow,
For a single second, the warmth of Dean's arms was all Castiel would ever need, for the rest of his life.
Dean finds himself speechless, not for the first time that day, not for the first time ever, because Castiel
Dean breathes, and although Castiel knows it's him speaking in his arousal induced haze, he can't help but feel a rush of warmth course through him.
Castiel whimpered, eyes slipping shut as Dean ripped the white shirt off his chest, and ran his nails down Castiel's chest, barely grazing past his nipple, before moving down to tear Castiel's trousers open. The sound of fabric ripping filled the room, and piece-by-piece, Dean stripped every layer of clothing from Castiel's tanned, supple body, not sparing his boxers either, which Dean tore apart and tossed behind. The chilled air in the room pricked Castiel's skin, and he felt a shiver wrack his body as the cold seeped into his bones. But there was heat coursing through his body from the shame he felt in those moments, hung from the ceiling— a piece of meat for a demon, bare and naked, with his nipples and his cock twitching, never before had Castiel felt as repulsed by himself than he did in that moment.
He says, albeit rougher than he expected to, and Dean's demeanor shifts, his shoulders going lax as he droops his gaze.
"Master?"
Sam quirks his bottom lip, leaning on his elbows over the table as he shrugs.
He nodded his head as tears— fat and round spilled down his soft, young face, "-it hurts so much, alpha."
Two hours later, when he was awake and brewing himself a mug of coffee, the doorbell rang.
"You think?"
"Dean, we can't do this here."
of a cock inside his ass? It would split Castiel into two.
"No. Never."
Cas was perfect.
Castiel answers, and walks into the dark kitchen to grab Dean a beer, cautious to remain silent, lest the sound wakes Sam. He has a history exam the next morning, he needs the best sleep he can get.
Castiel's hole is just as exquisite as the rest of his body. Tiny, pink and glistening. It quivers with every breath Castiel takes, and the rim is a gorgeous flesh-coloured ring with a deeper red nestled inside.
"Dean? What is it?" Castiel asks, and feels Dean's hands slide around his bare waist, pulling him closer, squeezing him so tight, as if Castiel might disappear any second. Tears roll down Dean's face, and he shakes his head, but the quiver of his lips says otherwise.
"Is it sensitive here, my love?"
"Could you give me a minute to breathe?"
Dean settles back into the soft cushion of the sofa, and his hands settle in his lap as he watches Castiel, whose eyes are focused and determined, his cheeks still stained with drying tears. Taking a deep breath, Castiel positions the violin on his shoulder, fingers wrapped around the thin bow, and Dean braces himself for the first note, only for Castiel to snort and slump over, shaking his head.
A voice— deep and warm.
"Not really. I just wanted to bake something, brush up on my skills. Thought you'd like it."
, as fast as a drumbeat in his chest and his head, and his throat had dried up. Every time he tried to speak, all that would come out was a whimper. He had to leave. He couldn't stay here another minute, no, he had to leave.
Softly, Dean cradles the Prince's foot in his palms, and begins pressing his thumbs into the Prince's ankles to massage them. Their eyes meet.
"Feels nice," Dean mumbles, and presses closer to Castiel, who threads his fingers through Dean's hair, massaging his scalp. Dean gives out a relaxed sigh before a mighty yawn has his lips falling open. He feels Castiel staring at him, his round, blue eyes fixed onto Dean's face.
"Cas?"
to speak to him. He doesn't believe he can go another moment
"S'exactly what I plan to do, baby," Dean slurred, and Castiel cried out, gripping the counter harder as Dean fucked two fingers into him. Castiel recoiled and gasped, grinding back on Dean's fingers, a picture of raw sensuality, as Dean grunted to himself and shoved his fingers in deeper so they brushed against Castiel's prostate. The younger man gave a loud, needy whine and arched his back, squeezing the marble under his fingers as he rode Dean's fingers, hips rocking rhythmically as he let out a loud, high-pitched noise, straight out of a pornographic film, and Dean's cock perked with interest.
"Yes, please."
"You said it would be quiet," Castiel all but yells, and Dean leans in closer from the seat across Castiel.
“I thought you were leaving on the thirtieth, Dean. I
They have about thirty to thirty-five minutes left until practice ends, and during the course of the practice— where Jack, thankfully, plays the song quite well
With that, Dean pressed his lips to Castiel's, and Castiel whimpered, expecting Dean to pull away, instead—
"No, it's not. Just wear it, and don't take it off."
Dean's hands retreat from him, from his face, from his waist, and at once, Castiel yearns for the touch, only to be met by Dean's disgruntled huff as he rolls over onto his back.
With a deep breath, Castiel turns towards the wall, recalling his past experience with the woman who lived next to him. She worked as a theatre actress, and although Castiel had greeted her a few times, he'd never really heard much shuffling or thumping from her side of the wall. Maybe it had to do with the fact that she stayed out for long hours, only returning home at midnight, a time by which Castiel had already left for work.
A knowing smile graces Kreshcner's lips, but Castiel finds it hard to understand what it is about. His shoulders slump, and he turns back to Mr. Kreschner, a defeated glint in his eyes.
"Okay, I'm confused. Are you in love? Did you get a new pet? Did management approve your leave, what? How are you so, no offence, so happy today?" She asks, as she settles down at the round little table and looks up at him. They've got about half an hour until their shift starts again, so Castiel indulges in a little pointless chat.
"Mhm. Better than Sundays. 'Cause you can relax, be unproductive, waste time, and you still get a token day after to make up for being lazy."
Oh, son of a bitch, let me grab my phone."
“We can’t.”
"Dean, look, I'm sorry for nagging you, but listen, we have to make a decision soon. Either you put the house up for rent or lease, or move in."
As Castiel walks up the stairs to his apartment, his mind races with confusion. Maybe Mr. Kreschner read the dates wrong. Maybe he didn't. Maybe Dean
Dean gasps.
A few moments pass before Castiel hears the distinct thumping of footsteps on the floor boards, and he falls back against the wall, hands tucked behind him.
This time, it's Sam who speaks up.
"Me too."
"Naw, naw, you're getting me wrong, buddy. I'm not ashamed of it." Dean lets go of the few peanuts in his hand, drops them back into the bowl as he speaks. "
Dean shuts him up with a kiss.
"Yes, of course." A pause, "-would you like to hold him, honey?"
With a calculative, measured breath, he holds the nib of the pen to the paper, but drops it and slumps back in his chair. The song comes to an end and he pushes his headphones off, setting them down on the desk next to his notebook.
Sam sucks in a breath, before speaking up, "Dad's house, the one back in Lawrence?"
"No ‘
Fuckin'
Two can play at this game.
"I am." Dean nodded, and Castiel smiled wider.
, he's aroused alright, and the moment Castiel's fingers brush over his cock from outside the fabric of his jeans, Dean loses his will-power, inch by inch, and threads his hand through Castiel's hair.
"Ye— yes, h—he was our agent—"
"Hmm?"
"Alright, well, why don't you play something for me? Something nice? Who was that violin guy you told me 'bout? With those freaky fingers?"
Glassy green eyes peer up at Castiel, lips trembling and hands drifting across his thigh, and Castiel leans down to press a soft, lingering kiss to Dean's face.
But it was moments like these where Castiel felt them the most.
A soft shake of his head from Castiel only worsens Dean's fear, and he pulls his hand away, grabbing the blanket and tugging it up on Castiel's chest. He slips his hands under Castiel's back and over his stomach, urging him to lie back down.
Castiel smiled to himself.
Praying.
, before composing himself and turning back to Sam.
"Mhm, beautiful down here too, sweetheart. Such a pretty, little cockslut," he cooed, and Castiel hissed, head dropping back against Dean's shoulder, ignoring the burn of the rope on his wrists and ankles as he felt Dean's broad, strong arms lift his ass up until his cock brushed against Castiel's taint.
Truth is, Castiel wants to know what this is. But there’s no one to tell him. And he’s too scared to ask himself.
"I'm sorry, was that too rude?” Blue asks. “I'm really sorry, I shouldn't have—"
With his head thrown back and eyes wide, Castiel gave out a long, pained scream.
Castiel scoffs.
Castiel squirms out of Dean's hands, and sits back on the bed, rummaging through the drawer next to him until he finds a small bottle of lube. He decides to forgo the condoms, needing to feel Dean inside him exactly the way he is. Dean, who gets with the plan in a few seconds, lies back on the bed, eyes fixed on Castiel, who is the only one to move, even when he lifts his hips and pushes his underwear off before tossing it off the bed. In a swift motion, he's on top of Dean, straddling Dean's thighs, brushing his ass against Dean's straining cock.
it's not like he didn't. He knocked on the wall each day. He called out to Castiel, tried sending him pictures, tried to go back to the way they were a month ago.
: the touch of Castiel's soft palms on the side of his face, his lips, passive at first, then guiding Dean into a more vigorous, fervor-filled kiss, their bodies swaying against each other as if drawn by the wind.
And here Castiel was, basking in Dean's affection and praises as if they were lovers.
one Dean assumes must be for Castiel's music
"How about you feed me some of your
"Oh—?"
Dean snorts. "We might be curing it right now."
"What is it, master?" he asked, and Dean wrapped his arms tight around his soft, petit figure.
"Well, that's very sweet of you to say."
"I promised I wouldn't ditch you. I'm not gonna’ ditch you."
Alicia reaches into her pocket for her phone and sets it down at the table, tapping away at it. The action prompts Castiel to do the same, so he digs his own phone out
"Forget it. Let's get some food."
How could one alpha manage to drive Castiel to such extents of mindlessness? Surely, it had to be a
Castiel pauses, shuts his eyes and sucks in a deep breath.
"Yeah? Which ones?"
"It's just Lawrence, Cas. I'll come meet you sometimes."
— Master—" the catboy moaned, and Dean decided to tease his boy a little longer when he pushed in a third finger inside Castiel's soaked, leaking hole.
"You said you've been dreaming of me for months, didn't you? So have I. Every goddamn week. So you're fired. Move in with me."
, Castiel thinks.
Searing white pleasure bubbled through Castiel's gut, and he felt his cock twitch, before finally, the pressure in his gut erupted, and he came in thick, clear splatters all over the metal door.
Their eyes linger upon each other for a few moments, before Castiel's eyes move along the thick scar running down Dean's face. Slender fingers reach up to graze over the thick, rough skin where once, Dean recalls, a thick, gruesome gash had been.
She’d never been the one to find Castiel dead at a reapers house, an angel blade pierced through his chest, and she hadn't been the one to breathe the biggest sigh of relief when he did come back to life.
Blue chuckles on the other side, and although he can't see Dean, heat spreads across Dean's face in embarrassment. He fiddles with a fingernail, his words hanging in the air between them.
Something about the way he recites the verse prickles under Dean's skin.
bothered by something so menial. A teasing tone laces Dean's words as he steps closer to Castiel, watching his blue eyes deepen with a darker shade of azure, and tugs him closer with a jerk, settling a hand on his waist.
Dean pauses, setting his knife down as he grabs the phone in his hand, eyes throwing a furtive glance at the stove.
"I'm not sure yet. But it's a bit—" Finding a word apt to describe what Castiel felt— a dim, strange longing— proved to be much more difficult than he'd thought, and he let his words trail off. Lucky for him, Dean caught on, and began rattling off a list of adjectives, much to Castiel's amusement.
"You're the most beautiful person I've ever seen."
"Get to work," Dean ordered, and who was Castiel to deny such a request?
"I see," Castiel nods sincerely, and sucks his fat, bottom lip into his mouth as he grazes a fingernail over the tip. Dean winces at the sensitive, feather-light touch, but it draws Castiel's attention to him.
"C'mon, take my hand," Dean smiled, his eyes blinking black in a split second as he held his hand out to Castiel, "-let's go sin some more,
"I tried to be brave for Sammy, but I should have been brave for you too. All this time, you kept thinking you were alone, all this time, you kept thinking you couldn't say anything to anyone, m'so sorry—"
Shaggy, brown hair greets him, hazel eyes peering up at him from under, and Castiel smiles.  "Good afternoon."
It's a small reassurance, but Dean tries to find comfort in it.
And yet, he doesn't.
Lastly, thanks to the moderators for being so approachable and for putting up this big bang, which mind you, takes a lot of effort and time, and especially with the pandemic going on, kudos to the moderators for being with us every step of the way!
"I guess…" Castiel mumbles, and Dean smiles, tugging him forward as they resume walking
"What were you doing snooping through my porn, angel?"
And now, with his angel in so much pain, crying, groaning, shivering in Dean's arms, Dean can do nothing but lay with him, and run his hands through his hair.
"To the right," he says, followed by, "-mind if I grab one of your fries?"
"It's going to be lovely, Dean, I can tell already."
It's the dejection in Castiel's voice that gets to Dean.
, and Castiel's eyes snapped over
, Castiel scurries into his bedroom and pulls his closet open, releasing a bundle of clothes poorly folded tumbling to the floor. He pushes them away, back into the closet, before grabbing a pair of jeans and a sky-blue tee-shirt, one Jack had once complimented him on. He'd said it matched Castiel's eyes. Without another moment wasted, Castiel changes into his clothes, splashes some water on his face and brushes his fingers through his hair in an attempt to pass as presentable, before grabbing his wallet, keys and phone, and stuffing them into his pocket. He downs the remnants of his now lukewarm coffee, and, as expected, around half-an-hour after Dean left, a knock echoes on the wall in the living room.
"You're a demon, you know that?"
"Obviously not. You need at least seven hours, or six at the very least, to let your body function. That is unless you’re a superhero, in which case I'm sure you don't."
"I couldn't take it anymore. You and Lisa. I hated her, but I hated myself for hating her because she's an angel. She's everything I'm not. And every time you were with her, your smile was brighter than I've ever seen it before. I thought it'd be better if I wasn't around."
"Let's go home," he mutters after a while.
A hand snaked around Castiel's waist and over his cock, stained red with blood, and it stroked Castiel's cock in a hot, tight grip, until the sensations became too much for Castiel, and he orgasmed, his come splattering against the wooden-plank flooring, and his cock went soft and limp. The cock inside his ass— Dean's cock, slipped out with a wet squelch, and thick, white come dripped down Castiel's ruined, red hole. It quivered and gaped for a moment as Dean pushed some come back inside, before another stream of come slipped out.
"Do I have a choice?" Dean asks, voice heavy as he clicks on a few unread mails from the neighbourhood council, cringing at the sarcastic tone of the text.
The footsteps stopped. But then, Dean was smiling— no, smirking, and his fingers reach up to loosen his tie. With thick, deft fingers, he popped off the top button of his white undershirt, and at last, his hand fell to his belt.
Castiel shuts up at that, and drops the towel on one of the chairs in his bedroom once they're both dressed. Dean looks clean, fresher than he did a few hours ago. And yet, his eyes are passive as ever. Emotionless. Castiel nods, and simply grabs their dirty clothes and piles them up at the corner of the room. Dean in the meanwhile, changes the sheets, as Castiel fluff up the pillows and grabs a large, warm blanket from the shelf. A glance at the clock show's it's almost five in the morning, and he decides to go into work a little late. Besides, the restaurant doesn't open until noon.
"Then, erm, would you like showing me around the city? I've never been to Hood River before."
"I guess,” Dean trails off, "All the pining we could have saved if we'd just, gotten our heads out of our asses."
"Mhm."
Dean all but chokes on his own spit.
Roaring flames of hell. The pungent odours of rotting flesh in purgatory. The torture. The blood. The screams. The pleas. The victims they couldn't save. And... Castiel.
The strumming of a guitar.
"Alpha," Castiel purred, his lips in a soft pout as he watched Dean pull away. He was a strange, and yet absolutely arousing sight— dressed in a rumpled blazer, a disheveled undershirt with the buttons popped off, and absolutely no pants at all. Dean's short, spiky hair had been mussed, undoubtedly from when he ran his fingers through his hair, and his chest glistened with sweat and flushed pink with heat.
"We do." He scratches the slight stubble on his jaw and steals a glance at Castiel, who seems preoccupied with peeling the cardigan off his shoulders. With a sigh, he pushes it off, revealing a threadbare maroon tee-shirt, one Dean finds his eyes lingering on more than they should, one that frames Castiel’s broad shoulders and stretches taut against his biceps. The cardigan flies over Dean's head, before landing on a small, two-seater dining table behind him, and Castiel mumbles a soft
, that Dean can't get enough of it. He licks his tongue over the seam of Castiel's lips, prodding and nudging, until Castiel's mouth falls open with a moan, and his tongue slides against Dean's, wet, hot and heavy: everything Dean expected it to be and yet, it catches him off guard, his legs wobbling under him, and he has to clutch onto Castiel to hold himself up. Right as they're venturing into a heated, sensual territory, Castiel pulls away, and his thumb strokes over Dean's cheekbone, grazing over the end of his scar.
Dean asks, his voice soft in a manner Castiel knows is only reserved for him.
Every muscle in his body goes lax as Castiel leans against the wall, his hand pressed against the wall as he grins, his face warm as he tries to calm the excitement thrumming under his veins.
Silence.
A considering hum comes from across the room.
"Once upon a time, centuries ago, lived a musician. A poet, a prophet and above all, a lover," The Empty starts, and Dean watches, perplexed by the sudden disintegration of Castiel's face into the void. Once again, nothing surrounds Dean— pitch blackness, and yet, the Empty's voice echoes through the void as it continues, "-a man whose music moved the hardest of rocks, grew the smallest saplings into the largest trees, swayed the Heavens to pour rain upon them, called upon the thunder and lightning, spoke to birds and insects, and most of all, won the hearts of every person he ever met. Orpheus. A hero. Loyal, brave, determined, and yet. Broken. Reminds me of someone I know," The Empty sneers.
Green says, and Castiel imagines a grin stretching across stubbled cheeks.
When the silence persists, Castiel continues.
"What makes you say that?"
Dean's nerves have been twitchy all day and now he snaps, "-Bold coming from someone who hasn't visited his father
"Fuck, Cas, I need to go get Sam, he can help–"
Castiel steadies himself, and glances up at the mirror. His eyes are red, rims puffy with tears, and his lips are quivering. Hating the image in front of him, he runs the tap and cups his hands under the gush of cold water before splashing it across his face, until the red of his eyes has faded away. There's a faint, crimson mark on his neck, one he knows Dean left the night before during one of their heated kisses. He runs a finger over the mark before grabbing a paper napkin from beside him and dabbing his face dry. Deep breaths, in and out, as he composes himself, and then he opens the door.
Silently, Castiel grabs a clean wash cloth from behind Dean, wets it under the warm water, and drags it down Dean's chest. His green eyes flutter open at the touch, and fix onto Castiel, whose eyes follow the movements of his hand on Dean's chest.
This time, Castiel had refused Mary's invitation, much to her dismay, and when she'd asked him what it was that was bothering him, with her voice tender and nurturing, and her hand so soft on Castiel's shoulders, he hadn't been able to refrain the tears that poured down his face. Something in his heart told him Mary knew already. That with the way she pulled him into a hug, and kissed his forehead, and whispered, '
Castiel recalls, clear as day, the moment he first saw Dean. He'd been ferocious, ruthless, the guns in his hand spitting bullet after bullet as they hit Michael, the owner of the bar Castiel had been working at. Huddled against a corner, praying for his life, Castiel had buried his face in his hands, and he'd heard the bullets get louder, closer, and he'd only wished for one thing. Mercy. But then, a shadow fell upon him, and the gunshot had stopped ringing at once. Curious, Castiel had opened his eyes, trying to back into the wall the moment those livid green eyes met his. And for a moment, when Dean reached his arm out, Castiel thought, this is it, this is the end, but instead, Dean had offered him a hand to pull him up. Buried in Dean's warm, big hands, Castiel found, for the first time in his life, a meaning to his baseless living, and in an instance, a single glance had been shared between them, worth a thousand words, and Dean had taken him home, fed him, and made love to him all night. They'd spent the early morning hours speaking of life and hopes, of aspirations and expectations, and Castiel knew in a single moment, he'd fallen for Dean, irrevocably and irresistibly.
"Aw, we're not?" Dean asks, his voice so weak, but somehow teasing at the same time.
Perhaps he did. There he goes again. Preaching to people.
"What do you want me to say? It's two in the morning, you're back at my doorstep, after three months of being MIA, you reek of blood, which I know for a fact is not yours, and you're here to spend the night. What can I possibly say?"
"You okay?" Dean asks, and the sound of his voice draws Castiel out of his thoughts.
Mary Oliver? He recalls reading a few of her poems on the internet, and he has been meaning to buy one of her collections for ages, and this? This is precisely what he needed. A wide grin spreads across his face as he flips the paperback open, a peculiar urge inside him compelling him to hold the book up to his face and fill his lungs with the scent of the used book; the scent of the browning pages.
"Ketchup?"
"Alright, Dean, Rowena, cool it," Sam waves a hand between the two of them to diffuse the rising hostility, before clearing his throat and continuing, "-alright, back in Colorado, about a week ago, we went in for a routine witch hunt. Everything was alright, we got the lead on her, we showed up at her house, she put up a fight, basic hunt stuff. But then, she was mumbling this spell when we were fighting, and I think she was going to target it to Cas, before Dean stepped in,
At least Dean hopes so.
With his back still on the leather seat, Castiel can only see a glimpse of what is happening outside. As he sits up, Dean rolls the window down, and a breeze of cold, chilling air swarms in through the open window. For a better look, Castiel climbs onto Dean's lap, settling there for a while, his arms looped around Dean's neck as he stares out the window.
"Then I'd be more than alright with
"But as all love stories go, the lovers were met with a terrible fate. On the eve of their wedding day, a day they'd confessed their love to each other, promised each other their souls, a day whereforth, they'd be together forever, Eurydice stepped into the nest of a snake, and the snake bit her foot. Before Orpheus could even
are unbelievable.”
"What's wrong with both? I mean, aren't both of ‘em right? You're my buddy, and you're my..."
"Indescribable,” he settles on. “-I mean, it was, it was beautiful, Cas, I think listening to this has taken me a step closer to achieving self-actualization."
"Hey," Castiel smiles, trying to digress from their conversation as he grabs a bottle of shampoo and squeezes some out on his palm, "-you remember that time we went on that road trip? With Sammy? The one where he lost his shoe?"
"It's not a big deal, buddy. You think of me as a friend, and you don't need to see my face for that. We talk, we laugh, we have fun in our own way, right?"
"N-no."
A pause lingers between them before Green speaks up, his voice resolute but soft.
"Yes, and you stepped in my way, and blocked me. The curse hit you, and yet, you kept saying you didn't feel anything. What about it?"
and tests to study for.
Castiel browsed through the section of pieces of vinyl stacked in front of him. Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, Metallica, and such. The pieces of vinyl were glossy, undoubtedly kept clean at all times to gain attraction, and yet, Castiel, who was at the record store for a reason— that reason being his recently earned bonus— he was looking for something else. Perhaps a cassette. Yes, that would do. He was in dire need of music to play on his stereo back home.
Castiel hadn't taken the chance to study the house, but with the way Dean gazed into his eyes, excited and
Each day, the tools got sharper, his skin weaker, and his blood thinner as it poured to the ground.
"Bess?"
"Hey, baby, it's okay. Do you know how freakin' lucky I feel? That I was your first kiss? And it's not like you won't get better at it. Especially with me around, I'll make sure we practice each and every second."
"Fuck, Cas, my knot—"
Not a text, not a call, nothing.
your sexuality under years of internalized bi-phobia?"
, it can only end one way.
"Did he, I-don't-know, sleep in or somethin’?"
"You don't wanna' say?" the demon continued, and Castiel grunted, "-alright, how about this angel, if I tell you mine, will you tell me yours?"
Dean's eyes harden, lips twitching in a frown at Castiel's tone. They don't touch their half-eaten burgers then, because Castiel feels his eyes cloud with tears the moment Dean's lips tremble.
"O-oh alright," Blue says, his voice dejected.
And Dean? Dean doesn’t even care. No, he doesn’t have a single clue. But that doesn’t mean Castiel is going to tell him. Because the moment he tells Dean what he’s feeling, he’ll just make it worse. He’ll ruin the friendship he already has with Dean and he’ll make it painful and awkward for them both, more so for him, since he’s the idiot who is in love with a man he’s never seen, never met, only heard, only
"Because somehow I feel at ease knowing I’m never going to see you. Makes talking more comfortable, yeah?"
"Alright, alright," The alpha sighed as he held his hands up, prompting Castiel to chuckle, "-you win, omega. But," His eyebrows flew up as he held the first cassette behind his back, "-I'm still not letting you have this."
"No."
"I don't know, I'm playing the note on the sheet, teach, maybe it's the tuning—"
"So that's all I have? Twelve hours?"
"Oh, way better than never."
"Just checking."
"Dean?" Castiel croaked out, shock dripping from his voice, and from a few feet away, came a dark, patronising chuckle.
"But it isn't enough. It's just not enough," Castiel argues, clutching tight onto Dean's shirt, pressing his face into Dean's neck, where he feels Castiel's lips quiver on his skin.
It is a beautiful winter's morning in the city of New York. The trees are bare, pavements filled with dried leaves, and a chill lingers in the air. In the early hours of the morning, the sunrise paints the city as if it were a blank canvas waiting to be spilled with an array of colours. Although the breeze flowing in through Castiel's window is cold, sharp and distant, a peculiar warmth surrounds Castiel. A warmth that bubbles inside him, a warmth that twinkles in his eyes and graces his lips in a wide, unbudgeable smile. There's a skip in his gait, a hum in his throat, a song in his head, and an ardour in his spirits.
Then, there is the firm, crushing press of lips to his own. His eyes slip shut, and only once there's a pair of broad arms sliding around his waist, can he move, and the first thing he does is pull Dean closer to himself, suck his lips until they're swollen and their breaths are stuttering, until there's not a single inch of distance between them, until Castiel's body all but melds into Dean's.
"I know you will."
"Why do you say so, sir?"
Castiel considers it for a moment.
"Yeah, uh, I don't remember if I mentioned her to you. She's my car."
"Because... I could scent you? I still can?" Castiel replied, much more hesitantly than he thought he would need to, and yet, Dean's expressions remained unchanged.
"You must miss them a lot."
"You're not allowed to hate me,
"You, erm, you've been weird these past few days."
"Castiel's a nice name, kind of cult-ish, but cute. Suits a guy like you."
"You didn't answer my calls."
"What's that from?" Dean asks, voice a whisper.
Castiel asks, a slight smile at his lips. He zips his backpack, slinging it over his shoulder as he grabs the key to his car.
"Master, more, please."
"Oh?"
On the other end, Green is silent for a few minutes.
in pain and pleasure, as he fucked himself on his fingers and breathed in the scent of Dean's pillow.
Part of Dean wants Blue to know his name, wants him to know who he is.
"Just kill me."
"I'm not gonna' go anywhere, Cas, gonna' stay here with you. Forever. I'll get you a ring. Promise. You don't gotta' wear it, but I'll get you one. You'll be mine, forever. All mine."
"Sex, they were engaged in sexual intercourse—"
It slips seamlessly onto his finger.
"Heya Cas."
"M'sorry," he mumbled, feeling his heated skin burn even hotter with shame and regret, "-I just— I couldn't stand it— it hurt too much— I needed something, someone— an
"What I was looking at, boys, was a deterioration curse," She enunciates, and Dean turns to Sam, his eyebrows knitting deeper as he licks his lips, and glances back at Rowena.
"... Hey, wait—"
Castiel heaves a deep sigh, the silence between them thick, uncertain. Painful.
"Sweetheart? Talk to me?"
For Cas, he keeps fighting.
Dean began to push.
"You can keep moving. A little more effort and you can grind on it. Like this—" Dean hooks both palms under Castiel's ass, lifts him up, and shoves him down on his cock— repeating the movement once again, until he notices Castiel's eyes sparkling, and his mouth hung open, a sliver of pink tongue swiping around the roof of it, as Castiel digs his hands into Dean's shoulders, and braces himself. He's a quick learner, Dean observes, as he lifts his ass up and sinks it down on Dean's cock over and over again, several times, before letting out cute little moans, ones which feel heavenly when paired with the orgasmic expression on Castiel's face.
Castiel whimpered, and Dean pushed his legs up until his knees were bent, earning a loud groan from Castiel. Dean pressed Castiel's ankles into Castiel's hands, and spread his legs open wide, "-sluts should stay sluts. Don't need them being bossy."
"If I pup, I pup. I don't care. I need your seed in me."
Castiel's eyes snapped open at once, and before him, dressed in a tight, dark-green coloured space-suit was Dean. His green eyes studied Castiel with a strange, inscrutable expression, one Castiel knew held pity and pride, but even so, Castiel couldn't find it in himself to believe his own eyes.
"What a delicious angel," Dean growled, and licked his lips obnoxiously, showing Castiel his long, pink tongue.
Rowena sighs, and slumps back against the chair. "That's... exactly what I've been thinking about all this while. Before I tell you, however," She starts, meeting Dean and Sam's eyes with a stern, schooling expression, "-I must educate you about a few witchy things. Alright?"
Castiel paused for a moment at Dean's words, but eventually, turned around to wrap his hands over Dean's neck and pull him down into a kiss, before mumbling, "-If you promise to keep me full of your come every day, maybe I'll consider it."
Even if Castiel had been able to answer, he wouldn't have, because before he could even consider Dean's words, a set of sharp teeth began nibbling at his perky, pink nipples, a wet, warm tongue licking through the blood and rolling the bud between his mouth. The knife in Dean's other hand trailed up the side of Castiel's chest, before pausing at Castiel's collarbone.
"I love you too, sweetheart. Can't tell you how much. So much it hurts me. And I was wrong. I chose to go back, 'cause it was easy, 'cause I wouldn't have to change anything. But now you're here, and I love you so much, and what I feel for you, what
He walked in further, tip-toeing carefully, dropping his suitcase on the couch and loosening his tie. A soft hum floated from the kitchen into the living room, and Dean paused, having realised at once who the sound belongs to.
Castiel knows the answer already. In two, meaningless hours, Dean Winchester will be leaving.
"Oh, it's a collection of poems, by Percy Bysshe Shelley."
"Oh, right, uh, it's nothing. It's just, my mother knew about it, I mean, she's my mom, she knows me in and out, so she guessed. Dad overheard us speaking, and he just… lost it." Blue sighs, and the sound tugs at a string in Dean's heart.
Castiel just wanted to make Dean happy.
Their eyes meet, something unspoken dancing between their gaze, and Dean smiles.
Right as Castiel swallows his bite down, Dean digs into his own burger, groaning obscenely, making Castiel laugh. They eat in silence for a few minutes, simply ravishing the taste of the food, before Dean grabs a paper napkin to wipe his fingers and glances up at Castiel, who he catches in the midst of a big bite.
The vent.
Dean laughs at the reference, tilting his neck aside to massage a crick away.
"Hold on, did we pay them extra, or what? 'Cause that's a pretty big house, Sammy, how the hell did they finish it in a month?"
"Are you stupid? Or are you deaf? Or are you blind? Can't you see it for yourself? How much Cas wants you? Can't you see it in his eyes? In his voice?"
Dean pulled away a few minutes later with a smile on his face and laughter bubbling in his throat. He ran a soothing hand down Castiel's back as he laid his omega down on the seat as gently as a flower.
He recalls with vivid description, the first moment he'd heard Dean. The low, husky tone of his voice, the embarrassment Castiel had felt, the strangeness of the situation, the snickering of Jack in the back... Part of him can't believe it's been more than two months already. And every single day since then, Castiel has only found himself drawn closer to Dean.
"I don't have a condom."
"No, Sam, I have things to do here, I can't just drop everything and leave."
"Alright–"
"And I hate you for doing that," Castiel groans, shifting closer once Dean has retreated his hands onto the steering wheel.
"Need a hand?" Castiel asks, only for Dean to brush him off.
"What?"
It's not too harsh, but a warning all the same.
Dean shrugs, breaking the thread off his trousers as he answers,  “-Eh, nothing much, I've got some documents to go through. Sam called a while ago. Was tellin' me to check my e-mail and stuff— " The sound of his cell phone ringing through the kitchen catches his attention, and he stands up, "
