Slicking himself with lubricant, Tony gave no warning as he took Steve by the outer thighs and wrenched him back, burying his girth inside the blonde swiftly. That sudden tight heat of his love left Tony to cry out a raspy moan, shutting his eyes tight and forcing himself to focus. If he didn’t, and let the sensations and sounds coming from Steve get the better of him, Tony wouldn’t last thirty seconds.
, in awe of his beauty. The reality of Steve saying ‘yes’ to Tony’s proposal was still dumbfounding to him. Tony understood
On a cool evening, Steve decided to catch up on some reading, a journal in hand so he could scrawl some notes down. He was sitting in his living room, reading about the political system of the Nautical Exploration Age. He read the book with great interest, writing down ideas and thoughts in his notebook. The super soldier was a few chapters in however, when two names came to his mind, two names that were not in the book at all. Steve needed to write the names down, and suddenly he found himself writing down a story involving those two gentlemen in Rococo France. Steve muttered the words as he wrote, almost reliving their history...as if he was being consumed by them.
“When I was young, I had a hard time sleeping. Whether it was from an asthma attack or fever, I had many restless nights,” Steve said, watching the twinkling stars against the darkest of blue skies. It was like diamonds sprinkled upon black velvet.
Oh, but how times had changed, Tony thought, mind wandering.
“No, no I want this. Want you Tony,” Steve assured him with a soft smile. And Tony smiled too, massaging small circles into Steve’s lower back.
Near Tony’s walk in closet was a wall length mirror panel, and it reflected everything with absolute clarity. Tony had Steve stand in front of it, wrapping an arm around his trim waist then. “I would really like to make love to you in front of this, Steve. I want you to see how gorgeous you are as I take you, to see how beautiful and desperate you become,” Tony explained, his hand lowering to caress the cut line of the blonde’s hip.
“That is not some creature I’ve battled before,” Thor stated, twirling Mjolnir in a meaty palm.
Feeling Tony’s teeth bite into his skin, while his penis pressed against his prostate was enough for Steve to climax shortly after, his own come dirtying the sheets around him. His body was bent taut like a bow string against Tony, his moans loud and filling the room.
“Yes.”
“We don’t have lube,” Steve whispered then, leaning back to look at Tony whose expression held nothing but adoration for the blonde. He watched Tony smile brightly then, an arm still wrapped around Steve securely as he leaned forward to grab the chocolate sauce his boyfriend had set there minutes before.
“Tony,” Steve moaned out as the brunette inserted the seventh bead in, the pressure ripe, his hole taut from the growing bead size.
Tony stared at him with a surprised expression. “Well, Captain’s orders,” Tony couldn’t help but say, grinning hard at his corniness before he grabbed up his wine glass. Steve just shook his head, smiling too. The blonde slipped his hands into the elastic waistband of his sweats, slowly working them inch by inch down his body. Tony didn’t dare look away, his breath quickening with each pull of the fabric, with every new patch of his boyfriend’s skin being revealed. Steve even swirled and shook his hips a little bit, as if he was a stripper, laughing at his own ridiculous moves.
“Well, no,” Steve started. “But since our date got interrupted because of this mission, I didn’t feel like changing,” he admitted.
Tony was beginning to collect their dishes when Steve scooched himself up a bit so that he was sitting up then, and he quickly embraced Tony. He felt Tony tense from the surprised touch; they had not been affectionate really, even though they both yearned for it, for that true unity and connection of their soul bond. But Steve was just too sick, and Tony was too busy tending to him and both Avenger and Stark Industry matters. Steve felt Tony wrap his arms around Steve though too, and he melted at the man's warmth.
sat before him. He was caught in a mass of rope, his arms and hands twisted in the strong twine, his tail thrashing and causing him to tangle himself even more. The merman’s wet blonde hair fell over his brow unkemptly as his big cerulean eyes darted around. It was all too clear that the being was purely terrified.
“Steve, can you come sit with me a moment,” Tony asked, brushing his hands over Steve’s bare shoulders lovingly.
“Hmm, Obi is thoroughly convinced that this company is what will get our business flourishing in the European market,” Tony muttered, tapping his finger on his lower lip as he pondered. Obi, or Obadiah Stane, was Tony’s chief advisor and old partner of Tony’s father, Howard, whom had started the Stark family business. Stane and Tony never saw things in the same light, and Tony figured Hydra Energy would not be any different. Pepper watched him, used to seeing that expression on her employer’s face; the inventor was leery.
already.
“Well, if someone has to know, at least it is her,” Steve said with a grin. “She won’t say anything,” Tony nodded and smirked, his fingers sliding up from the lace to the perky, hard nipples of his boyfriend, loving how much Steve pressed into his touch. Lowering his head, Tony grazed his lips along a pebbled peak, hearing Steve gasp a breath. Slowly the genius darted his tongue out to lap at the pink nipple, swirling it around the hard nub, only to then suckle on it gently. All the while, Tony moved his thumb in a circular motion around Steve’s other nipple, appreciating the sensuous energy their foreplay induced between them.
They were both here now thankfully. And Steve closed his eyes, smiling at the knowledge that he’d be able to sleep by his love’s side without any meetings or urgencies for a long time to come.
“Mmmm, you’re the only one who does,” Steve said in a hushed tone, cheeks reddening by the second. He felt Tony lift the back of his slip so that he could play with his bum some more, only to stop when he felt the fabric of the panties.
,” he begged, his arms falling to his sides, hands grasping at the fabric, bunching it up in his fists as he pushed down on his love’s fingers, wanting to be consumed by the man. Tony tantalized him a little longer, swirling his fingers in circular motions, spreading them wide inside the blonde and eliciting sweet moans from him.
Steve watched then as Tony’s hands found their way under the silky slip again, trailing feather light touches up his abdomen. His body was so sensitive, everything heightened to Tony’s touch. Steve was being consumed by Tony and it was the best feeling in the world, to be so loved and protected by someone.
“Oh yeah, thanks,” Tony remarked, his cheeks flushed, and his pants oddly tight. Oh God.
After the initial high of being one with the sky had died down, Tony felt the pleasant hum of adrenaline roil through his veins while he languidly flew around the city. It was then that his mind fell to Pepper, and how she fit into his life differently now, like an altered puzzle piece. He wondered how she was, he figured she was back from her trip to Japan by now. He missed her. Even though he was used to not seeing her, when he’d be gone on Avenger missions, or when she was back in California doing work at Stark Industries. Circling South, he made his way to Pepper’s new apartment, calling her as he neared.
“I’m the luckiest guy in the world, Tony,” Steve said, nuzzling his cheek against Tony’s, the man’s facial hair rubbing wonderfully along his jawline. Tony’s frantic thrusts settled finally, the man humming happily, holding Steve close to him. “Can’t wait to feel you come inside me,” he added, tone husky.
Steve’s chest heaved as he regulated his breathing. He opened his eyes after a moment, his speckled vision turning back to clarity as the waves of his orgasm subsided into a serene ripple of rhapsody. He heard Tony chuckle then, his voice a soft rumble against the super soldier’s skin.
“So what’s the real reason why you have been avoiding everyone?” Steve asked, closing door behind them. Tony locked eyes with Steve, taking a deep breath then.
Tony leaned in then once more, licking a long stripe up the cleft of Steve’s rump, the flat of his tongue grazing over the man’s tight opening. And Steve just about lost it, his moans becoming quicker the longer Tony rimmed him.
“It’s a snuffbox,” Steve said, brushing his fingertips over the smooth sides of the metal before carefully touching them to the engraved lid. Steve recognized the etching to be of a seaside, tall ships in the distance of a vast sea. “My father gave me a similar one before he went to war,” Steve reminisced. “It didn’t have such intricacies as this though.” Steve looked up to Tony then, brows puckered. “What is its significance?” The super soldier asked. “Why is this the most important thing to you?”
client, Tony. Stark Weaponry will be one of the first American businesses to branch from their isolationist views,” Obadiah stressed. He narrowed his steely blue gaze at the younger man, attempting to get his point even further across. “If your father was here, he would take this deal. He would seize the opportunity for this company, this company that he made from nothing.” Obadiah leaned back then, leering at Tony intimidatingly. “Wouldn’t want to disappoint him,” the balding man smirked, knowing he struck a nerve with the young inventor before walking away, Tony’s notes in hand.
“What the hell was that all about, Stark?” Steve barked.
“Okay, baby, okay,” Tony said quickly, bringing his arms up and holding Steve securely, kissing the arc of the blonde’s broad shoulder. “Take some deep breaths a minute.” They both needed to settle down if they wanted to take their love making all the way.
“Ah, Tony,” Steve breathed, his head falling back against the cushion of the sofa.
“Keep doing that,” Steve said, biting his lip, delighting in the man’s hands playing with him. Tony happily obliged, using a hint of his short fingernails as he drifted his hands up and down his love’s ass. It was hard to focus on anything with Steve’s hand still wrapped around him, his thumb teasing his leaking head. Tony was trying his best though. He was pretty sure he deserved an award.
Tony was away on business for a week, and though Steve was sad not to be near his love, it was that article and photograph that really threw him for a loop. The super soldier was devastated by it. Each time he tried to call or text his boyfriend, the connection would be dropped or lost. Steve was a mess to say the least. Natasha tried to explain to Steve that photos like the one in the NEWS always try to make something out of nothing, and that he really shouldn’t worry.
“You didn’t have to find me an apartment, Tony,” Steve said then, turning to face the man who was still on the opposite side of the room. “I know you don’t want me around anymore, what with me revealing how I really feel about you and all,” he continued. “You didn’t have to push me out the door though, and say it was
had with a potential client in Europe under the name,
Sucking at that muscle to loosen it just a moment longer, Tony trailed a hand between the blonde’s legs, pressing at Steve’s perineum with his forefinger, massaging at the prostate from outside. Steve immediately pressed his lower belly against the pillows, rutting and sprinkling flowing precome onto the cotton. Steve wasn’t going to last much longer, the brunette was sure and he took his other hand and placed it on the man’s hipbone, gently massaging the skin there as a reminder to Steve that Tony was right there with him.
Everything came to a beautiful end when Steve looked down to see Tony staring up at him, his tongue licking a stripe up the underside of the engorged vein before engulfing Steve once more. Steve could see Tony’s lips red and stretched around him, glistening from saliva and precome. It was the sight of his handsome boyfriend, and the pleasurable pain from the man’s nails that threw Steve over the edge, his orgasm practically blindsiding him as he came in Tony’s mouth. He felt the man swallow around him, drinking down the white ropes of come like it was no big deal.
He heard Pepper’s words whisper in his brain before he quickly disregarded them. “Tony,” Steve started a bit tentatively, and Tony quickly waved a hand, taking a breath, composing himself. He didn’t want Steve to feel bad for him, he wanted to let Steve know why he acted the way he did…for him to understand.
Slipping his own underwear off from where they pooled around his upper thighs, Steve scooted back up the bed. He watched Tony as he did so, spreading his legs as an invitation. He felt his cheeks flush, feeling vulnerable as he exposed him to his boyfriend. He heard Tony let out a strangled moan as he took in the sight of Steve, his second erection of the night aching and leaking on his belly, his opening clenching in want.
Steve watched Tony open the bottle and squirt a decent amount of the lubricant on his fingers. “Finally,” he said, his second erection of the night unbearably hard. He felt Tony’s finger stroke his opening, the lube, a warming gel Steve liked so much. He shifted himself a little, trying to get as comfortable as possible for Tony to stretch him. The brunette’s lithe finger worked its way into Steve’s tight channel, the heat of the lube sending waves of ecstasy through him. “Mmmm, feels so good,” Steve moaned out, pushing his bum down to take Tony’s finger further. Each drag of his finger left Steve keening and once Tony added a second finger, Steve started to rut against the comforter, he needed some friction.
The brunette just watched Steve sleeping deeply, his breathing even, and his lashes splayed out against his cheekbones. The faint glow of his arc reactor lit Steve’s face, highlighting the blonde’s chiseled features as he sighed in his sleep, nuzzling closer into Tony’s chest. Tony should have tried to nudge Steve over, or wiggle out from under him so he could lay on his side. But, he didn’t do either. Instead, he carded a hand through Steve’s hair, feeling the softness of it between his fingers. Steve looked so peaceful, his brows relaxed up, the faintest curve of a smile on his pink lips. He couldn’t help but think how handsome Steve was. And that stirring inside Tony was like that of the ocean tide, slowly washing up over his toes, inching closer and closer until he felt like he was drowning.
Tony plunged his fingers as far as they could go into his love, exploring to find that wonderful bundle of nerves of Steve’s prostate. His other hand slid along the man’s nightie, slipping under the neckline of the lingerie and caressing the thick, firm muscles of Steve’s chest. Those extra touches only added fuel to the sensuous fire that consumed the blonde’s body.
The sight of Steve climaxing, his semen all over his beautiful body caused Tony to come as well, a loud moan escaping his lips as he pumped his cock dry, his seed spilling in his hand and lower belly.
Steve adjusted his hips, rocking onto Tony’s cock while tightening his hole around the other man, surprising the genius with an intensified drag of friction. “Come on, Tony. Let yourself go for me,” Steve said, his voice cutting off, only to moan explicitly as Tony hit that bundle of nerves with his leaking length. His boyfriend then sat up, bracketing Steve between his torso and bent knees, holding him in place as his pulsing hips started to lose their cadence, Tony’s groans becoming even more desperate the faster he fucked the blonde.
“Ehn!” Steve said in surprise, his hips practically jerking off the bed.
Tony pulled away then, and Steve gave a small whine, chasing his boyfriend’s lips greedily. Tony chuckled and relented, giving his love another quick kiss.
“How is that fair?” Steve asked, trying to sound like a joke, but the neediness was clearly there. Tony smirked mischievously before laying on his back and pulling Steve on top of him. Tony looped his arms around the small of Steve’s back, leaning up to brush his nose against his love’s.
Sorrowfully, Steve turned back to the car, sitting back down on the roller seat again. He felt foolish for what happened. But he wasn’t paying any mind when he realized he struck the Howard nerve with Tony. Maybe that was why Tony bolted, he was probably pissed at Steve, and he had every right to be. Steve knew better by now not to bring up Howard. It was his fault, and now he wished there was away he could make it up to his friend. Steve was just so preoccupied with wallowing in self-pity underneath that car, thinking about the lucky dame who would soon be the center of Tony’s attention.
“Wow, a cock that’s prettier than mine,” Tony commented, a finger tracing the underside of it, causing Steve’s hips to buck. He was overly sensitive at this point, wanting to come desperately.
“I’m 97, thank you very much,” Steve objected, standing as they both headed toward the bathroom.
“Love your gorgeous ass, baby,” Tony growled above Steve, his fingernails leaving crescent marks into the perky flesh of the super soldier’s cheeks, the indents fitting appropriately amongst the love bites Tony gave him earlier there.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?” Steve breathed, feeling self-conscious, his cheeks tinting in a blush while he brushed a hand though his hair. Tony rose his brows and looked pointedly at Steve’s hands, which were free from their bindings.
“Hey,” Tony replied, grinning happily before he let out a hint of a giggle.
“O-oh,” Tony said in a rushed breath, kissing back with an equal amount of passion as Steve devoured every moan he elicited. Steve drifted his mouth over the raspy scratch of his boyfriend’s beard, nipping and sucking at Tony’s skin that trailed down his neck and throat. He wavered over a particularly sensitive spot of Tony’s, nuzzling at the area underneath the man’s clavicle.
“Any second thoughts?” Tony asked him, the brunette’s hands wandering up and down the musculature of Steve’s broad back. Tony could see the blonde had been retracting into his thoughts. “We don’t have to-”
“Indeed,” Steve murmured, looking up to the night sky, his body suddenly void of energy.
“That’s very true,” Steve replied, looking for his shield and reaching down to get it. Tony, being a respectable boyfriend, stared at the man’s ass when he bent to grab it. He couldn’t help it, Steve had a nice bum. What he noticed though, was a tear in his uniform, revealing a silky light blue fabric underneath.
It was becoming rather strenuous to breathe, and Tony had to pull away from Steve’s lovely kisses, only to nuzzle against the super soldier’s shoulder.
“Hey you,” Tony breathed, wiggling closer to his boyfriend so that he could wrap an arm around Steve’s waist.
Leaning in, Tony wrapped a hand around Steve’s leaking length, thumbing at the head teasingly while biting into the flesh of one of his cheeks. The blonde lurched forward, a loud gasp filling the room.
Tony’s erection
“I’m totally gonna harp on you!” He yelled, the door closing. Steve just rolled his eyes, shifting his shield from one hand to the other.
A faint noise caught the blonde’s attention and he quickly turned back onto his main mission. If there was any sign of human activity or presence, Steve needed to report back to his director. He saw nothing gliding on the water though. But the sound had come again, only closer, and without warning, splashing water erupted next to him. Steve jerked back, his hands raised in defense. He calmed though when he realized it was only a fellow mermaid.
Steve’s thighs fell open into a wide ‘v’, letting Tony see him fully splayed out like an intricate Hellenistic Greek sculpture of old, the blonde’s face etched in genuine bliss and desire. Steve’s defined, firm chest, flushed and red from Tony’s own mouth rose with every desperate inhale, the dips and crests of his torso glistening as new precome seeped onto his lower belly. It was all breathtaking… awe inspiring. The way Steve’s hole fluttered around his one digit as he pushed it in and out of himself....it all put the wet dreams of Tony’s youth to downright shame.
As the months went by, Steve and Tony's friendship grew, co-leading the Avengers helped the men council once another on strategy, tactic and decision making, creating a team of strong, driven heroes, wanting to help the greater good. All this while however, as their friendship became remarkably strong, so had their soulmarks. Yet neither man had admitted this.
“Merfolk know of you...humans I mean,” Steve explained, coughing a bit. Though he could breathe out of water, it was extremely uncomfortable after a while. His lungs and gills worked in unison, and when Steve felt that the cloths under his ribs were almost dry, he felt a panic surge through him.
“Beautiful, so beautiful,” Tony whispered as Steve slumped against him, his body overly sensitive.
“Yes,” Tony said, taking off his sunglasses. Steve was secretly happy about that, he hated when Tony wore those tinted glasses inside, because then Steve couldn’t see the man’s striking eyes. “One room under Stark.” Tony said, taking out one of his credit cards.
Inching forward, the brunette took the pair of leather work gloves from his pocket and slipped them on while he asked the crewmen for a knife. Tony took the rope that tangled the merman’s tail in one hand, being handed a knife in the other. The inventor began sawing away the ropes as some crew members around him leaned in to get a better look before digressing back to their ship duties.
Tony breathed deeply, moving the ribbed neckline of his t-shirt over to see that red mark on his own shoulder. it was at bay now, thankfully; he was ready to claw it off earlier.
Even though it took him a while to wake up, Steve did like that the tower was rather quiet, letting him have some time to himself before the hustle and bustle of the day had become overwhelming.
“Um, I think it’s a salmon. No wait, a big trout,” Steve corrected himself, looking proud for his knowledge of fish species. Tony just rolled his eyes and turned toward the counter. “What, I looked it up before we left,” Steve said, following behind him.
And it isn’t like they never made love, they had sex quite often actually. But between Steve’s super serum libido and Tony’s intoxicating sexual prowess, well, Steve was pretty sure he could live with Tony in the man’s bed and never leave.
“Wanna have you ride me, if that’s alright,” Tony murmured while he helped Steve take a seat on him. Steve smiled brightly, nodding his approval of the position as he lined himself up with Tony’s erection.
“Oh, it’s great!” He replied, moving his phone around the room to show her.
“Hey,” he breathed, eyes heavy lidded and practically glistening as he gazed down at Steve. The super soldier stopped moving, eyes looking up at Tony, a curious expression on his face.
He couldn’t help but to arch away at that sudden height of bliss that ricocheted within him. Breathing hard, Steve tried to speak, asking for more, but forming words seemed to be quite the challenge. Instead, the super soldier simply pushed back, his actions showing the need and desire that pulsed in his veins.
“Steve, my love, you and your innocent façade will be the end of me,” Tony commented, his voice a bit strangled. Steve couldn’t help but snicker, appreciating how hot and bothered he could get his boyfriend.
“What?”
“You wouldn’t mind that though, would you?” Tony teased, grinning deviously. He saw the blonde’s cheeks deepen a shade once more, giving away Steve’s interest in the matter. “Seriously though, Steve. There’s definitely a strong source of power and submissive undertones when it comes to anal beads. If I go too fast, or you get uncomfortable, I need to know,” Tony said, and Steve listened, though huffing a sigh once and a while.
“Nice try. I’m bringing a spare outfit up here,” Steve responded, grabbing up the soiled comforter and tossing it into Tony’s hamper. “And you can have clothes in my room for when you stay in my quarters,” Steve winked.
That night, after Tony asked J.A.R.V.I.S where Steve was, the brunette found himself walking through Steve’s personal quarters. He reached the super soldier’s bedroom door, knowing the handsome man was behind the dark stained wood waiting for him. Tony took a deep breath. He wondered what Steve had in store for him, what the other part of his gift was. He felt the weight of the anal beads in his hand, washed and laid in a clean container. The brunette couldn’t help but feel excited and rather nervous about this new road he and Steve were beginning to travel down.
“Steve, you’ve gotta relax, baby,” Steve nodded, closing his eyes and taking deep, steady breaths to calm his body. Tony massaged the fingers of his free hand into Steve’s thigh, the act soothing him, and reminding the blonde that Tony was right there with him. He could feel his tense muscles release some, his body melting into the comforter. He opened his eyes to see Tony watching him, a hint of concern in his expression.
“Such a sassy bottom,” Tony remarked, smiling wide and squirting more lube into his hand. “C’mere.” He wrapped his arms around Steve and snuggled in close to the blonde, finding his lips and devouring him into a ravenous kiss. He was ready to fuck the man senseless, his cock weeping precome and aching for his lover. Coating his erection with the lube, Tony pulled away from the super soldier’s reddened lips to line himself up with Steve’s hole.
"Thank you for the mug, by the way," Tony added then, holding up the mug a little before taking a sip. "It meant a lot." Tony gave him a genuine smile, and Steve couldn’t help but to smile back, his eye lighting up, the happiness he felt indescribable.
Steve had never felt anything like this before, Tony’s tongue hot and heavy on his entrance. It was such a dirty act, and the image he conjured up of Tony down there, eating him out was almost more than he could bear. He felt Tony hum then, his lips pressed against Steve’s rim as his voice vibrated through the blonde. Steve’s thighs were shaking, and he had to hold them as still as he could while Tony lapped at his hole, his tongue swirling around the ring of muscle there.  Tony brought his hands up, resting them on Steve’s thighs before spreading them and holding them open, so that he could get as close to his boyfriend as possible.
“To-hohohoo-nyy,” Steve giggled, pulling his foot away. Tony, with a smirk on his face, reached up and took hold of the waistline of Steve’s thong then, dragging the fabric down and over Steve’s thick swelling erection, then down his legs, careful not to pull a thigh high stocking down with it.
Steve, still propped up on those soft pillows, allowed himself to see Tony working between his legs, opening him up with that intimate toy he’d got. Everything Tony was doing felt like a gentle wave of pleasure, nothing overstimulating, just a nice soothing touch.
Bracing himself, Tony pushed into Steve the rest of the way until his sac was flush with the super soldier. The brunette started their rhythm, a hand gripping Steve’s side, the other latched onto the blonde’s thigh.
“Tony?” Steve questioned, rubbing at his eyes with the heel of a hand. “What- Is everything alright?”
His mark was pounding, and he rubbed it as much as he could, even putting some cold water on it, trying to soothe the ache. Steve went to the balcony of his quarters then and let the cool air wake him up a bit, hoping the breeze would clear his senses. He wasn't sure what to do at this point.
“It’s important that you go, Tony. We want to get that program funded. And who better to smooth talk those elites and make ‘em feel good other than you?” Steve said, bopping Tony on the nose with his index finger.
The merman had been surveying the perimeter of where his pod lived, looking for anything that would be considered suspicious. He, Natasha and their friend Sam were the three protectors of their pod, and it was their duty to report any strange activity to their director, Nick.
Steve had been yearning, and searching for that feeling of home, thinking that Brooklyn would provide it. But being with Tony was exactly what Steve was looking for, where everything fell into place, the cogs and gears working in tandem. Steve’s soul and spirit had been like unstable molecules, constantly vibrating, wanting to break out and find that balance. But as he sat with Tony, their sighs soft and their kisses languid, Steve felt his soul become filled with an overall calm, everything seeming to make sense. And as his spirit fluttered within him, Steve knew that he found his new home with Tony.
“It is indeed still the same, Captain Rogers. But Sir has restricted your access into the lab.”
Tony’s sweet words made Steve’s chest feel like butterflies had fluttered out of a net and flew in multiple directions beneath his sternum. The heat of their moment took pause as the tenderness of their love and affection swirled around them, everything truly peaceful.
“So what else is making you so unfocused?” The other man inquired, taking a sip of his pop. And Tony didn’t really want to talk about his ludicrous feelings for Steve. But maybe if he had someone to talk to and sort it out, things would make more sense.
He really did try.
is beyond me,” Tony said, taking a sip of his own drink. Steve could smell the booze. Bourbon, one of the genius’s favorites.
“I need to shower and get some things together before I fly out to California,” Pepper said, her voice soft. “Look over those files.” She walked away from him then, toward what Tony assumed was her bedroom. “You know your way out,” she called over her shoulder, disappearing down the hall.
“Well,” Tony began, pressing a kiss to Steve’s brow and unlatching the first button on the blonde’s lingerie top. “That’s for me to know,” the brunette continued, kissing Steve’s cheek while toying with that second button before undoing it. “And for you to find out,” he finished, laying a final, searing smooch to Steve’s pillow soft lips as the last button of the super soldier’s bralette was undone.
“Do you know if Tony is still in his lab?” Steve asked. If that was the case, the blonde would not have been happy about that; Tony never got proper sleep.
“This, my darling, is multipurpose. If you can eat it out of my ass, it can be used as lube. Though we will just have to do some extra scrubbing when we shower, huh?” Tony replied, rubbing a thumb on the crest of Steve’s cheekbone. Steve nodded. “You alright now? Ready to give this a go?” Tony asked, leaning up to kiss Steve once more, slowly making his way down his neck, suckling on the man’s Adam’s apple before nipping at his prominent clavicle.
“Look how hard you’re getting again,” Tony said smugly. “You are just so beautiful, Steve. I can’t say it enough.” And Steve blushed, pressing his head in against the pillows as he tried to breathe. He was so vulnerable this way, open and waiting desperately for his lover. He trusted Tony though, with every cell in his body.
The genius, seeming to be satisfied with roaming over Steve’s behind, finally pulled the blonde’s thong down until they pooled at the super soldier’s strong thighs. Steve was relieved to have his erection released from the confines of his undies, the head leaking precome. Tony traced a finger down the cleft of his ass, the pad of the fingertip pressing at his entrance.
Leaning an arm behind him, Steve pressed Tony’s hand against one of his bum cheeks, encouraging the genius to squeeze harder as the super soldier rode him.
Tony also knew that he couldn’t keep living this way, couldn’t keep on wearing this platonic façade when he was around Steve. So, he decided he would lay everything on the table with the man when he got back from this gala. Even if Steve didn’t reciprocate the same feelings, they’d be able to get through it. He just couldn’t lie to himself anymore. He needed to admit how he truly felt to Steve. Tony wasn’t one to shy away from things before, and he had no plans on doing that now.
he yelled to himself. Tony was fresh from a break up with the woman he thought he was going to marry. He needed to respect the man, not fantasize about them together. Quickly turning the water colder, Steve rinsed the soap from his body. Plus, Tony obviously didn’t have feelings for Steve. If he did, wouldn’t his playboy title fall into play now?
"Hey, Cap," Tony bit out, clearly trying to disregard his own pain. It confirmed everything for Steve, however.
He was fiddling with one of the chest plates of the Iron Man suit as he mulled over her thoughts for the eight thousandth time. Tony knew he couldn’t look at Steve without feeling some sort of resentment towards him, and that wouldn’t be fair to the man whatsoever. It wasn’t his fault Pepper tarnished his views of his dear friend. On top of all the nonsensical thoughts about Steve, Tony was still single. He was grateful, truly for Pepper still being his life, still being the friends they’d been for years. It was an adjustment though, not having her as a loving companion. It also sucked that he couldn’t talk to Steve about it. Besides Rhodey, Steve was about the only person Tony actually cared to listen to besides himself.
“Yes. Of course, Tony,” Steve said, his voice strong. Tony beamed at that, and to affirm his promise, Steve claimed the man’s rosy lips once more, kissing the brunette headily.
“Fiiiiine,” Tony sighed, and slowly they made it to Tony’s ornate bathroom, a large white porcelain tub beckoning them. Steve could feel himself practically waddling, his bum absolutely sore as Tony’s seed and the excessive amount of lube slid down the backs of his thighs. Yep, a bath was a must.
Steve tries to understand the century he woke up in.
Tony avoids everyone, especially Steve as he tries to reconcile with Pepper.
“Mhmm,” Steve murmured, his penis coming to attention once again as Tony’s fingers slicked up his hole once more, making sure Steve was prepared enough for Tony to take him.
Even though he had the romantic feelings for Steve for a while, Tony had never become hard from them. This was not a good sign; he was falling even deeper when he knew he needed to be climbing up. Tony’s inner dialogue was extremely loud, and he felt panic rush into his chest. “You know, Cap, I just remembered I’ve got this thing down in…a meeting in like five minutes. Yeah, I’ll see you later okay?” Tony said, jumbling some form of a sentence together as he headed for the elevator, turning his body away so Steve couldn’t see his blatantly obvious problem.
He was pretty sure he was going to love whatever Steve had in mind.
The burn of Tony opening him up was sweet and heady, and yet not nearly enough. Steve wanted Tony’s length to fill him, to unite their bodies into one entity. “Ye-Yes, oh God,” Steve cried, his voice an octave higher than usual as he neared release.
“Steve,” Tony said, slowing his hips so that they were languorously rolling up and into his boyfriend gently, teasing the man’s opening with shallow thrusts. “Want you to come on my stomach,” Tony continued, cupping Steve’s jaw with a hand as he stared at him. “Wanna watch you lick it off me too.” He watched Steve’s expression, catching for any signs of discomfort. But when he felt the man’s hard arousal twitch between their bellies, and Steve’s eyes grow wide in interest, Tony knew he wanted it just as much. “Would you be okay with that?” Tony asked for reassurance.
The sun was setting, an orange glow muted by the tinted windows of the tower. Steve asked J.A.R.V.I.S to light the fire in the fireplace that was beneath the TV. The gas lit and the heated flames danced around, casting elongated shadows in the room.
Tony, set down his tools and removed his safety spectacles before turning to see his personal assistant. “Hello Virginia,” The inventor smiled tiredly.
“About your feelings for him,” Pepper said nonchalantly. And a flaming ire rose within Tony then, his sorrow quickly being replaced with annoyance.
Turning to head for the checkout line, the blonde’s eye was caught by a display of coffee mugs. Steve browsed the table, looking at the different coffee cup designs. Most were quirky and highlighted the museum’s collections. The super soldier enjoyed his coffee, but he was looking at the mugs for Tony. The genius liked his coffee more than anyone else Steve knew. They were not overly close, but they were more than acquaintances. Still, Steve felt it would be a friendly gesture to get the man something. Plus, Steve wanted to see the genius, to maybe even hang out with him sometime. Bruce and Tony were buds and hung out a lot, Steve wanted to be amicable with all of his teammates too. The little museum gift would give Steve the chance to go down to the lab the brunette constantly locked himself away in.
And when they physically became one, their gaze meeting one another's, they united emotionally, mentally, and even spiritually, the feelings reflecting the others. Their love reached a metaphysical state, their heavy breathing and moans of euphoria a melody all their own.
“Sure, that’d be great,” Steve replied, turning to grab up a stool so that he could be near him as he worked. Tony caught himself smiling fondly at the man. Steve didn’t say anything while Tony situated himself back on the roller seat, tools and goggles by his side. The blonde was already working on his charcoal drawing, Tony listening to the scratch of the pencil to paper. He gnawed on his bottom lip a few moments, watching the blonde.
Steve didn’t waste any time smiling a boyish grin and nodding, a small giggle escaping him. He just couldn’t believe this was actually happening. Finally, Steve could have the love he desired for so long.
Steve sighed, though smiling and leaned back on his heels. “Someone’s rather hasty, aren’t they? He asked rhetorically. The genius went to speak, only for his boyfriend to put a finger over his mouth and gently push him back against the multitudinous pillows that were wedged against the headboard of the bed.
Later that evening, Steve browsed the internet for something as a gag gift for Tony, like Iron Man boxers or a lump of coal. Nothing really stood out to him though, and so, with a sigh, Steve shut off his computer and went to his dresser, searching for a lingerie panty to dress in once he had showered. Looking through the garments, feeling the delicate fabric under his fingertips, Steve had his epiphany, and he bit his lip at the naughty idea that flickered to light in his mind.
“Don’t fight me on this, Stark,” Steve playfully warned, brushing his hand against the genius’s. “I can’t wait for you to be mine and I to be yours,” the blonde added, his voice laden with a heavy emotion that settled viscerally in Tony’s bell and heart.
“Apparently so,” Tony concurred, brushing his nose along the blonde’s before pulling back and slipping the dainty lace strap back up the super soldier’s shoulder. “I’m still thinking about that Iron Man colored nightie,” said Tony, waggling his brows at Steve and smiling salaciously. The blonde rolled his eyes good heartedly and sighed.
“Yeah, sorry about the one bed thing.” Tony said, sideling up to him. “I mean, it’s a big enough bed for both of us, I think. But if that would make you uncomfortable I can sleep on the couch there,” he suggested, pointing toward a brown striped couch by the TV,
“I’ll look ‘em over,” Tony said, grabbing the paperwork from Steve’s hands, adding to Pepper’s file under his arm. He could barely look Steve in the eye, doing his best not to lash out at the man. His spat with Pepper had him on edge, and Steve didn’t need to get roped into that bullshit. “Thanks, Cap,” Tony murmured, allowing the elevator doors to close, heading up to his penthouse alone.
“Yes, more of that, baby,” Tony huffed out. He was so caught up in watching Steve he hadn’t noticed he was almost rubbing his penis raw with his tight strokes. So, he let up, dropping his hand to his perineum and massaging his prostate from the outside. And wow, did that feel good. He went back to fondling his balls with his other hand while he focused back on Steve who was watching Tony’s fingers press into his skin.
“You should really just give him a call, Steve,” Natasha said, her head resting against the back of the couch, eyes closed. Steve cocked a brow at her, taking in her relaxed appearance. They’d become close friends, working on missions for S.H.I.E.L.D. and training together often. He still was shocked by how perceptive she was. That, or he wore his heart on his sleeve more often than he thought.
“Well, you’re quite the charmer,” Steve remarked, the rouge in his cheeks spreading down his neck.
“Yes, love?” Tony huffed out, eyes wide and moving from one part of Steve to the other. Tony began stroking himself quicker, falling into rhythm with the now two fingers Steve pumped into himself. The rim was taut, the pink skin gleaming with excess lube as the super soldier scissored himself, tugging at his entrance a little forcefully. The blonde dropped his hand from his chest to one of his inner thighs, rubbing at the fair skin and muscle, kindling an immense sensation of arousal in his lower belly.
Neither of the men moved for what seemed to be forever, both Steve and Tony completely spent from their intimate fun.
“Stark, your father was a part of Project Rebirth. Don’t you think its slightly important that you get your ass over there and meet him? Fury asked, voice sharp and tone irritated as he glowered at the other man with his one good eye.
So, Steve gratefully accepted. Though the men made amends after Loki was taken back to Asgard a year or so ago, Steve felt that they would be able to start  things anew. Oddly enough their given personalities were a balance, and they tended to mellow the other out when the moment permitted. Yes, they didn't always see eye to eye, but instead of getting into a heady argument, they talked things through, and eventually came to an agreement. For the most part anyways. Steve was at peace with the fact they were on decent terms, and he even found himself becoming more fond of Tony, the man's characteristics that once made Steve irritated, actually made Steve appreciate the brunette a little bit more.
Stroking a thumbnail down one of the rosy peaks, Tony brushed the scratchy hair of his beard on the other nipple, eliciting a rushed breath of pleasure from the blonde. “You’re so sensitive, Steve. I wish I could play with you like this forever,” Tony said, looking at how the nipple was reddening from the thick hairs of his beard. He swirled and laved at the nub then, soothing the delicate skin with long wet glides of his tongue.
Steve awoke to a cool morning sky, the pale, yellow sunrise ascending between the skyline. His alarm went off a moment later, and he yawned, tiredly stretching under the thin cotton sheets like a kitten.
“You okay, Steve?” Tony bit out, his eyes looking up at Steve in awe, focusing on his boyfriend instead of the pulsing heat of his aching erection.
“You want more, baby?” Tony purred, leaning in to nose at Steve’s bum, his lips barely grazing over the deep curve of a cheek. By the way the blonde wriggled above him and ran his hands over the genius’s bent knees, Tony figured that was a yes. And so, the brunette did just that, biting at the blonde’s ass gently as he started pushing the rest of his fingers into the other man.
Slumping against the bed and cushions, Steve felt both weightless and like lead, that lovely ache settling in his bones from coming once again. The genius crawled over him, his solid chest flush with Steve’s sweaty back, the arc reactor ever so slightly cooler and feeling perfect against the super soldier’s skin.
Steve looked around the room from the bar area as he picked up a few glasses and put them on a tray. He knew Tony had a cleaning crew that would arrive to make the space spotless, but Steve wanted to do what he could to make their work less heavy.
He climaxed shortly after too, when his beloved’s body constricted around him. Tony’s eyes were pinned to the reflection in the mirror, watching as Steve’s face contorted into an expression of ecstasy. His brows arched up, mouth parting, and his breath heavy while his skin glistened with a thin coating of sweat.
It took him a minute to obey, Steve’s brain rather muddied with desire. He did what was asked of him then, his sensitive hands softly grazing his nipples that were tingling from all that Tony had already subjected them to. He heard Tony hum in approval, and so Steve pressed his fingers harder into the flesh then, cupping his pecs and caressing them while he eyed the brunette.
“Yeah. It was,” Tony mumbled, texting Rhodey to see where he hell he ran off too. His honorary ceremony thing was coming up soon. Also, Tony needed an excuse to get away from Steve and his squeeze as soon as possible.
Tony had eventually fallen asleep, his upper half bent in a rather uncomfortable position on the edge of the Steve's hospital bed. He was startled awake by something touching his hair, and as the distortion of sleep ebbed, Tony opened his eyes. He smiled gently, his heart fluttering alight as he realized Steve was combing a hand in his hair.
Once showered, Steve placed the towel aside and eyed the lingerie a moment. He couldn’t believe, after years of inner torment, he could now reveal this aspect of himself with the man he loved dearly. And Tony didn’t just accept Steve’s appreciation of wearing lingerie, he encouraged him, wanting Steve to be true to himself when he was around the brunette.
Tony turned when his drink was ready, taking a sip as he went to look for Rhodey, only to get snagged up by some guy he apparently met before. Tony put on his own signature fake smile, hearing the obnoxious man, though he wasn’t really listening to him. He nodded when needed, and sipped at his scotch as he looked around the crowd for his friend. It was then that Tony’s eyes settled upon a blonde head of hair and an Eisenhower jacket with matching pants. There was probably only one man who would be sporting a World War Two army uniform at this place, and Tony felt his heart speed up when the man turned to reveal that he was indeed Steve. What was Steve doing here? Tony figured that was a dumb question. It was a military gala after all. Either way, Tony wanted to talk to the man. Maybe he could flat out tell Steve his feelings for him now. At least if the confession didn’t go over well, Steve couldn’t lash out because it was a public setting.
“What’re you doing?” He asked, his breathing strangled. “You’re the one said I had 3 orgasms in me.”
“I’m glad, otherwise I would have felt terrible about it,” Tony huffed, using both hands to spread Steve’s cheeks. Tony now suckled at his entrance, his lips kissing the wet and fluttering muscle there. Steve jerked at the touch, his body pulsing with need as Tony ravaged him in such a gloriously obscene way. The blonde could not retain his moans and pleasure-filled sighs while Tony flicked his ruby tongue into Steve’s body. The pure intimacy of it, with Tony’s tongue and lips at the most vulnerable and secret space of Steve, magnified the beautiful sensation of it all. Tony was the only one entitled to every inch of Steve. Nobody had been with Steve quite like this. Nor would anyone be in his future besides Tony.
“Well, what a pleasant surprise,” Tony said breathlessly, his eyes roaming down Steve’s body, tracing the soft lines of the ruffled fabric of the garter belt, down the curve of the man’s growing erection beneath the black panties, and to the thigh highs, teasingly sheer, showing Steve’s beautifully muscled thighs and calves. “I swear, love. It never ceases to amaze me, how turned on I get, and how beautiful you are every time you sport a pretty lingerie number like this,” Tony admitted. Steve couldn’t help but blush.
“Yes…yes we do, my love,” Steve breathed, closing his eyes.
“Whatever you say, Stevie.”
It was silent then, and Steve heard the other man’s breathing deepening as he fell into a peaceful slumber. He watched the brunette briefly in the dark shadows of the room, the glow of his arc reactor muted by the heavy sheets.
The front desk worker came shortly after they got settled with a tray of food, which the men devoured quickly. Tony had given Steve his apple and bread bun, which Steve really appreciated. His ridiculously fast metabolism could be a curse sometimes.
Tony had been down in his lab, working on an algorithm with Bruce when he received a text from Pepper, asking him to look over some files she was emailing him, and he replied a short, friendly answer. They didn’t talk as much as they used to, though they were much friendlier to each other unlike when they first broke up. But they were friends once more, and Pepper told him that she was dating someone new, and the brunette was genuinely happy for her.
Tony was obviously upset when he saw how adamant Steve was about finding another place. Yeah, he wouldn’t be there all the time, but Tony couldn’t deny he was sad that Steve didn’t find the tower to be worthy of being his home. He knew that even if Steve was gone part of the time, Tony’s feelings for him would not ebb, if anything they would probably heighten. ‘Absence makes the heart grow fonder’ and the whole bit.
"Please, Steve... I need you," Tony whimpered, caressing the man's mark with delicate, loving fingertips.
,” the genius explained, his eyes continuously looking the super soldier over.
So once he got the garter belt around his waist, he fiddled with the metal clips so that they were secured to his thigh high stockings. The stockings were a simple sheer black, but with a scalloped lace edging on the top. Steve was just grateful he put his frilly black thong on before anything else, he didn’t think he had the patience to go through all that again.
“You okay, babe?” Tony asked, pushing the bigger bead into Steve’s now taut hole. “Do you need to use your safe word?”
Steve’s alarm clock sounded at 6AM, the super soldier groaning in annoyance as he fought to turn the damn thing off. Once that tedious task of the morning was accomplished, Steve flopped on his belly, his face smashed into the pillow. Tony always teased him, saying that it should be illegal getting up at such an ungodly hour. Yeah, Steve did get up earlier than most, he’d admit it. But that didn’t mean he enjoyed it. He blamed his early to rise schedule on the military, ingrained into his mental wiring.
Without a word, Tony took Steve in his arms and in one quick movement changed their position to where Tony was on his back, undoing his belt, and Steve between his legs helping the other man along. It was mere moments before Tony too was naked, his cock laying against his defined abdomen, ruddy and engorged, pearly beads of pre-release bubbling on the crown of it. Steve wanted to lick up every single drop.
Without a word Steve took a step closer to the mirror, kneeling in front of it, and spreading his legs before looking back at Tony with an innocent expression.
Smiling, Steve looked down at himself. “It’s one of my favorites, Tony,” he said, his tone filled with honesty. Tony had surprised him with a beautiful, navy lace bralette. The straps were made of a fine, silky cream fabric with a matching bow at the center of the lingerie. And underneath the bow embellishment were three small buttons, the closures in the front. The blonde loved how the fabric hugged his firm pecs, his nipples playing peek-a-boo underneath the lacey fabric covering them.
Tony’s eyes were wide, filled with longing as he cupped Steve’s cheek with a hand, brushing his fingers in the short hairs at the base of his neck. “I love you too, Steve. So damn much,” Tony said softly, causing Steve’s chest to swell with an incredible joy. Steve moved his hands up to slowly slip Tony’s shirt over his taut shoulders, revealing tawny skin and a muscular frame. Steve may have been stronger than the man, but that didn’t mean the brunette was weak by any means. Tony was fit from working in his lab, and training in his mixed martial arts. Listening to Tony’s soft breathing, Steve used the pads of his fingers to caress the man’s skin, feeling out the dips and curves of his biceps and triceps, down to his forearms. And then there were Tony’s hands, calloused and rough, masculine. Steve traced his fingers over Tony’s before bringing he man’s hand up to his lips, kissing his knuckles, fingertips and palm. Gently he took the brunette’s wrists and guided them back to his waist, smiling at him with a warm affection.
It wasn’t from the pain, for though it hurt, being with Tony, their love and tenderness superseded that physical pain.
“Wanna keep the stockings on this time, Stevie?” Tony asked, gently slipping his fingers up and down the thin knit fabric. He didn’t miss how they clung to the muscles of his boyfriend’s legs wonderfully, the scalloped lace at the top such a lovely addition.
“Uhn, Tony!” Steve said loudly, pressing his cheek against Tony’s and wishing the man would penetrate him already. He was panting hard, wrapping his arms around the brunette’s neck as he held on for dear life, trying his best not to orgasm.
Tony racked his brain until he realized who she was referring to. “Are you talking about Captain America? Steve?” Tony asked incredulously, an eyebrow quirked. Pepper just nodded. “Look, he was my childhood hero growing up. You know that. Doesn’t mean I love him,” Tony said a bit defensively. “Hell, I didn’t even like the guy for the longest time.” Tony and Steve had butted heads on absolutely everything when they first met. Tony was disappointed that Steve wasn’t as heroic as Captain America was. And Steve had found Tony to be beyond irritating, his ways nowhere near Steve’s orderly fashion.
Art by K-atnight on tumblr!!
He was in trouble.
They watched each other a moment, wishing that they were not separated by distance or computer screens. It was Steve who made the first move though, gently caressing his inner thigh, muscles flexing under his touch before he trailed light touches up his penis. Steve let out a surprised gasp, as if he had no idea it would feel so good to touch himself intimately. Tony watched as the man’s fingertips skirted up and down the underside of his erection, teasing the head more and more with each swipe up.
Once he and happy got Pepper situated with her luggage into the limo, Tony gave the beautiful woman a tender kiss on her forehead. She smiled at the affection.
This really was the best Valentine’s Day he ever had.
He pulled away from Steve’s bum then, looking at the dark red bite mark on the one cheek as well as the hickey on the other. They’d be there for a short while. But knowing he was the only one who got to mark Steve this way made Tony feel celestial.
“What about Anthony Stark-Rogers,” Steve countered, peppering Tony’s face with little kisses. Tony giggled at the affection, loving every minute of it.
“Really got yourself in a bind, didn’t you,” Tony jested, smiling brightly. The merman blushed, though he too smiled a sheepish grin before looking away shyly.
As if reading Steve’s mind, or rather his body language, the brunette retracted his hands from Steve’s chest, only to then trail his fingers under the fabric of his boyfriend’s nightie. Steve felt like he was floating as Tony’s nimble fingers traced over the contoured muscle of his sides, along his chiseled back, and to the waistline of his satin, cheeky styled panties.
Tony loved touching Steve this way, feeling every dip and curve of his muscles, shifting under soft skin. His lover was whimpering at the sultry caresses Tony indulged him in, wanting more of the glorious pressure of the brunette’s hands.
Shrugging off his coat, the blonde hung it neatly over the back of a chair in the nearby kitchen area and finally got his legs to cooperate. It wasn’t long before he was searching through the other rooms of the apartment, seeing the clean cut lines of a modern interior design.
“Yes, it is,” Pepper responded, watching the man as he opened the dark brown leather sheath to inspect the documents. The assistant was referring to the meeting Tony’s company
But the genius got older, and the soulmate legend was just that: a legend, something fooled children like Tony to believe in an idea that truly couldn’t exist. But now there was promising scientific evidence that such a thin existed and had been around since the dawn of time. The brunette continued to change the channel when the soulmate story ended, only to then watch an interview with an anthropologist in prehistoric history. She spoke of the historical aspect of prehistoric peoples, and the material culture that links these historical groups to their views of soulmates in their clan or tribe. Tony huffed a breath in almost disbelief.
He just really missed Tony.
“Mhmm,” Steve hummed, leaning up on his elbows to see Tony. “Whatever you want.” The brunette smiled against his skin then, biting it hard before nosing at Steve’s erection, sucking at it through the fabric of his thong. He heard Steve’s breath catch, falling back against the comforter to clutch at it with his fists. Tony was good at blow jobs, just like he was everything else, and feeling his lips and tongue tease his erection under the fabric was almost unbearable. Steve wanted to feel that hot mouth of his lover’s consume him.
“Are you really refusing a Christmas present?” Tony asked lightly, taking a step into the room then. “I wanted you to have this.” Steve looked behind him at all the wonderful art supplies and studio space. It was a lovely, generous gift, something almost too good to be true. Steve’s mind flooded to his earlier thoughts, that Tony had found him a place so that Steve could get the hell out of the Tower and as far away from the genius as possible. It made his heart feel like lead. That must be what this was. Tony most likely didn’t want to hurt Steve’s feelings, and so he found this apartment as a “Christmas gift”, a passive aggressive notion for Steve to start packing.
With the last tiny bead barely grazing one side of Steve’s rim, and Tony’s other hand tugging at his erection, Steve came with a sharp moan, his head falling back against the mountain of pillows, his body arching further into his boyfriend’s touch. White come squirted up his chest and belly as a tear filled the air.
That smile on his face fell flat when he saw the man talking to a pretty, young blonde woman, the lady laughing at something Steve had said. Tony stopped dead in his tracks, his glass of booze almost slipping from his grip as he watched the two interact. The woman sipped at her champagne as Steve spoke, and Tony didn’t approve at how close she was to him. Granted, it was a crowded place. Still, Tony didn’t like it. The female checked her phone then, saying something to Steve before patting the man’s arm and walking away.
“Of course,” Steve said, giving a kiss to the top of the genius’s shoulder. A low perk sounded on the other counter, and Steve turned his attention to the coffee pot beginning to drip deep brown liquid into the glass carafe.
Extremely curious, Tony sifted through the white tissue paper in the box, revealing the gift beneath. A rubber strand with an assortment of beads ranging from teeny, to large rested in the box, a big ring attached to the one end of it. It took the genius a good moment to realize the intimate toy before he felt a heat flush his cheeks, and his eyes grow wide.
“There’s nothing up. I’m fine,” Tony replied, munching on a French fry.
“Nick,” Tony said before leaning in against Steve once more, kissing his hole. And he heard the man bite back a moan, trying to be as discreet as possible. Tony snickered lightly, burying his face back between Steve’s cheeks, suckling on the wet rim.
Tony was close, Steve could tell by the primal notion of the man’s actions. Tony’s thrusts had deepened, his thick length filling Steve up with each pulse of his hips. He drifted his hands back to Steve’s rump, slamming the man down as he rammed into his loosened hole. The super soldier’s sighs and grunts only spurred Tony on as he pounded up into him, squeezing his ass and massaging each cheek with firm caresses. Steve was ready to tip over the edge as well, his swelled cock slapping against his belly, precome sprinkling his abs as he rode his lover like a fucking carousel.
"Oh, well I was walking through the Ancient art exhibit and passed out," Steve said nonchalantly, ignoring Tony's shocked expression. "I am alright. But I had this dream while unconscious about two men in ancient Greece who became soulmates. This statue reminded me of the one," Steve explained. "Weird, right?"
When the super soldier stayed quiet Tony looked up, seeing pure sincerity in Steve’s cerulean eyes. Tony had missed this, their heart to heart conversations. He could always lay his emotions and feelings out on the table when it came to Steve. He allowed himself to be vulnerable around the guy, because he knew he could confide in Steve, and Steve could always confide in him.
Art by reticentannie...aka me on tumblr. Basically, I drew this and then was inspired to write this fic XD
Tony rubbed at his jaw, groaning. He could feel himself fighting internally on what to do. He really had no desire to go see this guy who had been Howard’s own pride and joy. But Tony also felt this slight ache in his chest as he thought about the man in the profile, a man out of time, his blue eyes looking so unsure of everything.
“I wish I had a camera or something to record you like this so you could see just how fucking beautiful you are, Steve,” Tony breathed out, reaching for his nightstand drawer to grab a mostly used lube out.
Tony knew without a doubt, that everything that he needed in life was in that room. Just Steve, and the love that would carry them till the end of their days.
The genius leaned forward with interest. They'd found proof of soulmates being real? Tony watched and listened intently, seeing the hopeful evidence of the Soulmate Bond. Tony believed himself to be a realist as well as a man of science and logic. Growing up, the fairytale stories always centered around the soulmate bond of the prince or princess. He remembers his nanny reading to him and telling little Tony that one day he would find his soulmate too. Young and naïve, the brunette couldn’t wait for that day to arrive, where he and his soulmate meet and everything in the universe would seem to line up...where Tony would finally understand true joy and contentment.
Tony gave a smile about that. "Hope you're right, Doc."
“Beautiful, as always,” Tony muttered into Steve’s hair, his thrusts slowing as he removed his finger from his love.
“Good night, Steve,” the brunette remarked, his hand resting on Steve’s shoulder, the other hand resting above his head.
,” Tony hissed out as the sudden tight heat of Steve’s body enveloped him. Tony needed a moment to adjust to all of the glorious sensations surrounding him. When he felt the edge settle down some, Tony began to move, slowly thrusting in and out of Steve who was moaning faint, blissful sounds as Tony went.
But Steve knew that he was the one and only person Tony came home to, the one Tony loved fully. Steve was the man who got to wake up in Tony’s arms, was the one to console Tony when his nightmares were too loud to sleep. He was who Tony made love to, where they were simply Steve and Tony, two men with so much love to give one another.
Steve hummed around Tony’s cock as he took him deeper, using his hand to stroke what he couldn’t fit down his throat. He loved hearing Tony’s pleasurable sighs as he hollowed his cheeks around him, his tongue lapping at the engorged vein at the underside of Tony’s erection. It was when he felt Tony’s breaths come in pants that he let up, not wanting their fun to end too quickly. Steve pulled off with a pop, licking the precome and chocolate off his full bottom lip.
“I could put it right in the entranceway of the Tower,” Tony suggested, grinning cheekily.
When they entered their room, the interior design was similar to the rest of the home. A lovely Victorian queen bed was nestled in the middle of the farthest wall, deep brown end tables on each side. Steve set his suitcase next to the only window, trimmed in white wood. There was a gentle breeze that swirled the creamy lace curtains languidly, and Steve thought about how romantic this would be if he and Tony were here as a couple rather than friends. Though Steve was grateful for this trip with just the two of them, he cossetted in their closeness, drinking in Tony’s presence after a month of barely seeing him.
Steve took his eyes off his surroundings briefly to graze his palm over the mossy algae that had grown over the protruding rock. Waves had crashed and sloshed upon the stone for thousands of years, the merman thought, and yet life had still found a way upon it.
Out of all the things Tony figured Steve would want to do, fishing didn’t even make the top 20 list. Art or history museum? Sure. A baseball game? Absolutely. But fishing seemed like it came out of nowhere. Since when did Steve like to fish? Were there any places to fish in Brooklyn? Did he have time to fish while in the war? Tony had questions.
“That’d be great, buddy. Thanks,” Tony responded, hitting the button to raise up the glass window panels around the area to create that glass igloo structure. They’d still be able to see out the glass, as the moon rose heavenly in the night sky. But Tony designed and constructed the windows in a way that nobody would be able to see within.
Steve’s heart began to beat quickly as he went to work untying the pretty bow. Once it was off though, Steve unrolled the delicate fabric of the garment, holding it up so that he could see it fully. His breath caught when he saw what type of garment it was. The fabric was a thin silk, the color a dusty rose. The lingerie itself was a teddy romper, with a sweetheart neckline that had skinny white lace straps. On the bodice were two white chiffon panels that traveled down to wear one’s bellybutton would be. The fabric was sewn to a synched elastic waistband, connecting to a pair of flouncy shorts made from the same silky material. The bottom of the shorts was embellished with the white lace that the straps of the garment were made from.
“They’d fight back, and stand up, even when it seemed pointless. They’d protect and do what’s right, even when it was easy to just give in,” Steve replied. He felt Tony place a hand on the middle of his back, the warmth of his touch comforting in the cool night air.
“Night, Steve.”
“How’s Little Tony doing?” Steve asked then out of the blue and Tony couldn’t hold back an obnoxious guffaw.
Tony drifted his hand from Steve’s chin to his cheek, and the super soldier leaned into his touch, closing his eyes and breathing lightly. The man’s touch was so warm. He was overwhelmed with a sudden joyous emotion, knowing that Tony mirrored his affections. They could have this, a relationship that was more than just friendship and teammates. Opening his eyes, Steve held Tony’s gaze that was filled with an uncanny adoration.
“Steve?” Tony asked, voice curious as he gazed his deep brown eyes down into the blonde’s ocean blue ones.
“Yeah, you like this so much. Don’t you Steve?” Tony said, pulling away then to tease Steve’s entrance with two digits now. He watched the man’s hole quiver as he swirled his fingers against it, Steve sighing at the man’s touch. Tony dug the fingers of his other hand into the meat of Steve’s cheek, massaging it with quick motions as he dragged his thumb down the man’s beautiful hole, spreading it slightly.
Tony tensed under him, his breath a hiss as he inhaled sharply, only to exhale with a desperate moan on his lips. Steve knew how much his boyfriend enjoyed having oral sex done to him, liked seeing Steve on his knees, cheeks hollowing as he suckled and bobbed up and down on his swelling cock. And so, Steve indulged the man, humming around the genius’s arousal, slowly dipping Tony’s penis deeper into his mouth. Steve didn’t want to toot his own horn, but he had gotten pretty good at blow jobs. All thanks to Tony of course.
“Is this the welcome back of a lifetime so far?” Tony asked once they pulled away to catch some air.
“Yeah, you like how I take control, don’t you, Steve?” Tony growled possessively, hands stroking up and down Steve’s clothed thighs. “Like how I touch you?” Tony started rocking up into Steve harder now, the blonde bouncing on him like he was on a pogo stick. Tony was going to fuck the man till he was sore for the rest of the day, which would be a challenge since the super solider had a healing rate unlike any other. Still, Tony was going to get an A for the effort. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve, bringing the man down so that their chests were brushing against one another. Steve liked being manhandled, Tony knew that, and he found it to be hot as hell.
Steve and Tony cuddling after their first time making love, and Steve is wearing Tony's undies, which are too small for him XD
Steve looked at them in the mirror, Steve a few inches taller than Tony, his skin a few shades paler than his love, their eyes and hair stark contrasts. They looked so perfect together, a lovely balance. Steve also thought about Tony taking control, and how much Steve loved it. He never knew how much he would want to see how ravaged he looked when Tony made love to him.
Steve was wrecked, his body sore to the point that he was close to tears. He wanted his lover to have this though, where Steve was there for his pleasure. He kneaded his lower lip with his teeth to evade the hiss of pain that wanted to escape him. And regardless of the ache in his stretched hole and inner walls, Steve of course managed to get hard again. But how Tony was now, gorgeous and desperate over him, his body warm, muscles sinewy, Steve really couldn’t resist the arousal his boyfriend easily got him in.
“You’ve been doing research on anal sex?” Tony asked, cutting him off.
They were quiet for a moment, a slight awkward silence filling the space between them. Steve felt a little weird about everything, remembering how he found her to be cute back when she was “Kate the nurse”. Now, knowing she was closely related to his lost love, Peggy, just made him unsettled. Like he was the creepy uncle every family had or something.
The charity toy drive was absolutely wonderful. Though, Steve was not a fan of having to give a few interviews when the reporters showed up. He left that to Tony and Thor. Each Avenger had a station in Central Park, allowing the kids to partake in special activities. Bruce taught kids how snowflakes were formed, while Tony had been in charge of a snowman building contest. Clint held sled pull races, and Natasha was at the ice skating rink, showing the little ones how to skate figure eights. Thor manned the hot chocolate station, which finally had gone over smoothly once Steve explained that Asgardian liquor could not be added to children’s hot coco.
“Umm, yes. I react much quicker now from the serum,” he admitted, looking up at his love bashfully.
“And I you,” he remarked, giving a soft kiss to Tony’s mouth. And Tony sighed in the unadulterated peace they shared.
“You’re so good to me, Tony,” Steve cooed, arching his body up and in towards his love’s, his face a mere inch or so away from the genius’s. Biting his rosy bottom lip, Steve lowered his eyes to Tony’s pretty mouth, as if it was the central magnet that inched him closer to the man.
“I don’t care about that, Steve,” Tony barked, pressing the stop button on the elevator controls, abruptly halting them mid-way. “I care about you almost dying because of your self-righteousness.”
“God I love you,” Steve whispered, his breath a kiss of warmth. Tony smiled, his eyes closed, dark lashes fluttering against the crest of Steve’s cheekbone. The genius’s hands slid around Steve’s waist, pulling the super soldier closer to him till he was basically sitting in Tony’s lap.
,” the brunette breathed, his voice more of a croak than anything. The nerves in his body seemed to stir to life once more, Tony’s climactic high slowly bringing him back down to earth. The brunette could feel the touch and tenderness of Steve’s hands around his thighs, could feel he blonde’s tongue cleaning up the mess the genius made of himself. Tony looked down to find Steve eyeing him before he slipped his beloved’s spent penis out of his mouth with an impressive
“Hey yourself,” Tony replied, patting the couch cushion next to him as he sat down. “How are your art projects coming along?”
Steve felt his already hard arousal twitch at the thought. “Yes,” he bit out, his vivid imagination getting the better of him. Steve quickly leaned in and devoured Tony into a searing kiss, tongue searching for entrance into his boyfriend’s mouth. Tony allowed him eagerly, his hands wrapping around Steve’s back once more, trying to get a firm grip over the slippery fabric. While his tongue explored the warmth of Tony’s mouth, Steve’s nimble fingers quickly began undoing the rest of the button latches on Tony’s shirt. It should be illegal for the man to wear clothes at all times, Steve thought, giggling to himself before pulling away. He looked at Tony, his pupils blown as they both took a moment to catch their breath. “I love you,” Steve said in between pants, a hand resting on the arc reactor on Tony’s chest, the other playing with the hem of his shirt. They had been dating for 10 months; it didn’t feel too early to reveal his true feelings for his boyfriend. He was confident and didn’t care if there was a chance Tony didn’t feel that way about him just yet. If he didn’t, he knew the genius would feel the same way for the super soldier eventually.
“C’mere,” Tony cooed, brushing a heavy hand in Steve’s hair before he prompted the super soldier closer to him. The blonde crawled up the brunette’s body, laying against Tony lovingly. Steve laid his head on the man’s chest, his cheek nestled on the one side of Tony’s arc reactor.
“Well, that’s true,” Tony admitted, slowly slipping himself free from his love. “I was able to smooth talk you, didn’t I?” He winked at Steve who only rolled his eyes.
“Good, I don’t want it to,” Tony said, leaning down and bringing his hands up to cup Steve’s face. “Everyone can see it and be so jealous over the fact that I have the greatest, most gorgeous and kindest man as my soulmate,” Tony expressed, resting his forehead on Steve’s before giving him a loving kiss there.
The early spring air was crisp, though the sun’s rays were warm upon Steve’s skin as he made his way back to Avenger’s Tower. It was a beautiful day for a run. And though he had been told multiple times by Fury that he was better off staying out of the public eye as much as possible, Steve couldn’t help but to appreciate the outside world from time to time.
Steve was only a little overwhelmed when Tony settled in his lap, staring at the blonde with a possessive gaze. Tony leaned in to kiss Steve on his temple before reaching a hand up to settle on Steve’s chest.
“Mhmm,” Steve said triumphantly, breathing a little hard, but smiling widely as he looked to Tony. The brunette felt his heart swell at the sight. Part of it was because he was able to give Steve a break from Avenger stuff. But the other part of it was because of how happy the man was. Seeing Steve smiling as he held up his fish, a few blonde strands falling over his forehead under that fishing hat as the sun set behind them brought forth a warmth within his chest.
Grabbing Steve by the legs then, Tony slid off the bed, pulling his blonde boyfriend to the edge. “So, this is all about pleasing me today huh, Stevie?” Tony inquired, pressing his tongue and teeth at the inside of one of Steve’s muscular, yet soft thighs.
“Hey Bruce,” Steve greeted, when the man turned toward the hall. He unintentionally scared him, the cup of tea Bruce was holding spilling a little when he jerked back in fright. “Oh, I’m so sorry,” Steve rushed out, eyes wide, hoping he didn’t stress Bruce out too much.
“God, I love you, Steve,” Tony said dotingly, his eyes big and glistening in the afternoon sunlight that bathed the room in light. Bracing his hands on each side of Steve’s head, Tony slowly entered into the guy, letting out a shuttering breath as he was once again shrouded with Steve’s engulfing heat. It was much easier to slid into him this time though, the man rather stretched from earlier. Tony gave himself a moment to breathe before he started rocking into a cadence with Steve. He wasn’t going to last long this time around. His body was wearing thin, and all he wanted to do was tip over the edge the way that Steve had done twice already.
me on top of it," Steve pressed a kiss to the man's mouth, giggling from the man's facial hair tickling him. "It still doesn’t seem real." The blonde nosed his way down to Tony's shoulder and kissed the soulmark sweetly. Tony gasped at the caress of his lips, and Steve could feel the pleasure it gave Tony.
“So when there were those nights that I couldn’t seem to sleep, my mom and I would sit on the small bay window in our living room apartment, and we would look up at the stars. Mind you there weren’t as many stars as this,” Steve chuckled lightly. “But there were more stars than there are now in Brooklyn.” He heard Tony laugh at that, the man adjusting the blanket over his shoulders.
Tony stayed quiet for a moment before he leaned in and cradled Steve’s cheek in his palm, his thumb wiping at his beloved’s tear.
Tony eased Steve's shirt off, revealing his soulmark. The genius wasted no time kissing the warm skin, Steve's sigh spurring him on. He licked at it, even nibbled the mark, the pleasure Steve received flooding into Tony too. The knowledge that he could make Steve feel this way, filled with bliss was still hard to fathom. But Tony quieted his thoughts, focusing only on Steve.
Begrudgingly, Steve took the stairs to the floor and room that was indicated on Tony’s instructions. Jiggling the key into the lock of the specified door, Steve slowly opened it and walked inside the room. He turned on the light switch to reveal a luxury suit apartment. Closing the door, Steve merely stood there for a few minutes, taking in all the fine details of the space. Quite frankly, Steve thought it was breathtaking.
Tony didn’t say anything, he didn’t need to, Steve could read the unadulterated love he had for him in his gaze. Tony leaned up, pressing his mouth softly to Steve’s. They kissed unhurriedly, the lust of earlier falling away, leaving only warm affection fluttering through them.
He wanted to see the merman, to talk to him. There was an actual creature of folklore on his ship, how could he sit by and not want to know everything about the being? These were the reasonings that Tony used to validate himself as he made his way to the quarters in which the sea creature was supposedly held. Tony wanting to see the merman had nothing to do with the merman’s soft look of trust when the brunette spoke to him. Or the silent kindness in his smile.
He couldn’t say he felt the same way a year ago. He and Tony could barely stand to be in the same room as the other. The brunette was always so brash, outspoken and confident. Where Steve would analyze the situation before acting, Tony would do the opposite. He’d react immediately on impulse and then decide if it was the most rational choice. It would drive Steve crazy, and Tony knew it too. Steve never would try to hide his annoyance and so Tony would just egg him on even more. And all the super soldier wanted to do was punch that smug grin off the genius’s face.
Steve cleaned the man’s back before spreading Tony’s bum cheeks with his hands, the chocolate sauce on the taut flesh there, as well as his hole. Steve started by licking the chocolate drizzle on the inside of the genius’s cheeks, using a hint of teeth while Tony squirmed underneath his touch. Steve didn’t know how much he would enjoy this. The intimacy that it held between him and Tony was beautiful and filled with trust. To Steve, trust was one of the most important qualities to have in a relationship.
“Malt balls! My favorite!” Tony exclaimed, looking to Steve with boyish excitement as he grabbed a handful and started to munch on them.
“Tony,” Steve said breathlessly, his head falling forward as he tried to stave off the pent-up anticipation that consumed him.
"Morning," the blonde breathed lightly, smiling boyishly. He and Tony ate together, chatting about Avenger business and everything in between. Tony suggested they take a trip somewhere too once Steve was feeling one hundred percent better.
Tony had to bite his lip hard as his beloved constricted around his entire length, so that he wouldn’t fall over the edge as well. He wanted to hold off as long as possible, to come alongside the super soldier in the next round. His own body quaked with desperation, but the brunette didn’t want their perfect evening to end. Not when he had waited a week to see Steve and have him in his arms.
Steve and Tony cuddled under the fluffy blanket, burrowing together cozily as their body temperature regulated to the atmosphere. The genius took Steve’s wrist in his hand and lifted it from the covers. Tony admired the gold ring on the super soldier’s hand, watching the band shine in the natural light that peeked into the room. Steve watched Tony a minute, beaming at the happiness that danced inside his heart. Tony turned to look at the blonde then, smiling too before pressing a sweet kiss to that gold ring, his eyes never leaving Steve’s.
“Did you bring that up in your meeting?” Pepper asked, cocking her head to the side. Tony shook his head.
“So how do you tie that lure on again?” Tony asked, holding a fishing line and silver spooner.
“You like my fingers in you?” Tony asked, winded from all of Steve’s erotic, blissful expressions.
The brunette shivered at his boyfriend’s words, a new fervor surging inside him then. He’d been caught up in Steve, wanting to feel and love him in every way. And to hear the blonde want Tony to use him was rather humbling to the genius, feeling almost undeserving of the man.
“Alright,” Steve replied then, turning to the woman and smiling. “Thanks, Natasha.”
Tony didn’t say a word, but slid a finger down the cleft of the blonde’s ass, pushing the pad of it against the man’s entrance. He didn’t press in though, but kept enough pressure on that tight ring of muscle of Steve’s warm hole to cause the blonde to wriggle against his touch.
“Have you spoken with Steve at all?”
“You better be. I... what the hell are you doing, Stark?” Fury asked when he heard Steve take in a sharp breath as Tony rutted in against Steve’s hardening penis, his length sensitive from his recent orgasm.
“Of course, this is truly beautiful, what we have together, how we are right now.” The super soldier leaned up to kiss Tony on the brow before resting his own forehead on the genius’s. his hands fell to Tony’s ass, his fingers digging into each clothed cheek. The brunette groaned out, unable to stop himself from pressing his hard length and hips against his lover.
Steve in his nightie by Kelslk on Tumblr
Natasha walked over to the ben then and took a seat next to him. “Besides, he told me he was interested in somebody new.”
“That’ll never happen, Steve. Ya can’t get rid of me that easily,” Tony chuckled, sighing deeply and sinking into the pillows behind him. Steve just smiled at him, his expression glowing. “So are we good then?”
Steve didn’t say a word then, his eyes partly closed as he gazed at his brunette lover salaciously, his dry hand slipping down his come laden abdomen and to his swelling arousal. He stroked his cock with light touches, causing Tony to exhale a faint moan at the sight as he knelt in front of the soldier, staring.
“I’m fine, Cap. Fit as a fiddle,” he replied. Steve nodded, and went to get up to join the snow battle once more, only to see a demigod sized ball of snow flying his way. He put his hands up to block it, only for Tony to push him against the ground once more, shielding Steve with his body. It hit Tony’s back, the ball breaking apart as wet snow flew every which around them. Steve was slightly startled, though Tony chuckled to himself.
“Kate?” Steve said, a confused look on his face. No, that wasn’t her name. What did Natasha say it was? “What’re you doing here?” He queried then.
"I see your attention has been captured elsewhere," she grinned before getting off the blonde and helping him up.
The mission was going fairly well, though it would have been much easier if they had the Incredible Hulk with them to take down the beast. Thor had been beating the daylights out of the creature, staying in its blind spots before mounting its head and slamming Mjolnir into its cranium, electricity flooding its body. Tony flew around the being too, shooting missiles and exploding rockets at the monster, weakening it with each blast.
“Steve,” Tony said then, his voice resonating against him as he nibbled at the ring of loosening muscle. The blonde didn’t even say anything besides a sultry whimper. “I want you to jerk yourself off while I finish eating you out. Will you do that for me?” Tony asked, rubbing his facial hair over Steve’s bum. And the super soldier just hissed at the pleasurable scratch the man’s beard provided before shifting on the bed a bit, reaching a hand between his legs to stroke himself.
“Hello,” the dark-haired man cooed, his hands up as a form of neutrality; he must have sensed Steve’s uneasiness.  Steve saw the man’s one palm wrapped with white gauzy fibers; he must have had his wounds dressed from when he sliced his hand on Steve’s scales. “I mean you no harm,” he added, taking a few steps towards the merman. Steve didn’t stray his gaze, keeping his blue eyes pinned on the man’s deep brown ones. Steve’s shoulder’s relaxed some, the warm hues of the man’s eyes bringing a calmness to the merman.
There was the sound of a finger tapping on a microphone then, and the two men turned to see the blonde woman Steve was talking to standing on the small stage behind a mahogany podium.
“Well, yes. But you could always say it again,” Tony teased, holding Steve securely around his trim waist.
With bubbles billowing in the perfectly warm water, Steve and Tony settled inside it, Tony in front of Steve, his chest pressed to the smaller man’s back. He wrapped his arms around Tony’s middle, securing the man in his embrace.
“What can I do for you, Obi?” Tony murmured as his overseeing advisor, Obadiah Stane approached him.
“I love you, Tony,” Steve finally said, breathing lightly as his hands toyed with the elastic waistband of the genius’s pajama pants.
am the luckiest guy in the world,” he continued, his eyes looking Steve over. “Because I have you, Steve, and I’m never gonna let you go,” he grinned, burying his head underneath the blonde’s chin.
“Lavender,” the super soldier replied without missing a beat, wiggling a little beneath his boyfriend. “I trust you completely, Tony,” Steve added with an honest smile. The brunette’s heart fluttered a bit at his beloved’s words. Obviously, he knew they trusted each other in all aspects of their relationship. But still, it never ceased to create a churning of happiness within his chest hearing Steve say that to him.
“Quit your chatter and bring on the grub,” Clint grumbled as he slowly made his way to the island, pulling out a stool and plopping down on it tiredly.
“Oh, yeah. I didn’t even hear the bathroom door open,” Steve admitted, closing the sketchbook. His mind was too scattered to focus on art anyways. He swiveled the chair around, facing the brunette.
Steve couldn’t respond, overwhelmed with the feeling of Tony’s digits in his back side, his other hand prodding at his perineum again. The super soldier lost himself to the brush of the genius’s facial hair rubbing at his sweaty skin, and the sensuous touch of Tony’s lips kissing his back.
“Well, do you still have feelings for this person now? Should I play matchmaker and get you two together?” Tony asked. He’d meant for it to sound like a joke, but even to his ears it sounded sharp and cynical. Steve must have not picked up on it, though.
"Thanks," Steve said, drinking half the bottle in one long swallow. He wiped at the sweat on his bow and glanced around him. Natasha and Sam watched, both not saying anything as they waited for Steve to gain his bearings. The super soldier still felt ill, his head heavy, mind foggy, and all thought of was the dream, that vivid vision that seemed like a historical accurate glimpse of real people...people he knew. How could he know people who lived 2,500 years? Why did their soulmate origin matter?
“Like I need to boost your ego even more with an art piece dedicated to you?” Steve laughed, taking a bite of his eggplant parmesan.
“That’s the only acceptable piece of cake in my book,” Tony replied, smiling cheekily. “The more frosting and sugar, the better.”
"Really? Does it do anything when you're around him?" Bruce inquired, taking a seat on a stool near Tony.
“Do it, baby,” Tony cooed, licking and suckling at the skin under Steve’s left ear, his beard tickling the blonde slightly. “Let go for me, let me see you fall apart in my arms.” Tony dropped the hand on his chest and wrapped it around Steve’s leaking erection, stroking it with a tight fist.
"Steve has one on the opposite shoulder, I saw it the other day."
Tony was beyond astounded, a creature of myth right before his very eyes. He was a scientist, a creator and logical man. And yet there was a mythical creature, a legend of fallacy and fantasy here now in the modern age of enlightenment and evolution. The brunette was both baffled and awed as he continued till the last bit of rope that tethered the merman’s arms fell heavily to the wooden deck.
“What the hell was that all about, Cap?” Tony shouted, lifting the face plate up to reveal an angry scowl.
“I’m holding you to it then,” Steve grinned coyly before sinking back into a loving kiss with his beloved.
“Here,” The blonde began, lifting his boyfriend with all the strength he could muster, moving them both up the bed, Tony on his side, facing him. Steve could feel his opening quiver when Tony’s softened penis slipped out of him, causing the super soldier to gently hiss out at the emptiness he suddenly felt. He was rather raw as well, his hole aching, his length overly sensitive to even the air that slowly swirled around them.
“That was amazing,” Tony mumbled, his breath warm on Steve’s skin. The blonde nodded, taking a deep breath.
On reflex, he shoved the lid back on so that nobody else could sneak a peek at the rather private item. Tony was pretty sure though, that Natasha caught a glimpse of it, her mouth curved to the side as she smirked knowingly at the brunette before turning back to Thor, whom was her Secret Santa.
, my love, are the most important thing to me,” the brunette smiled, taking that gold band in hand and holding it in presentation to the dumbfounded super soldier. “Steve…you’ve been my best friend for so long, even when we got together, our bond of friendship only grew,” Tony began, his eyes flicking from the ring that he had between his fingers and Steve’s blushing face. “You are the one that gives breath to my spirit and light to my soul. You are my partner, my confidant. How I have ever known life before you entered it is beyond comprehension,” the genius expressed, his dark gaze now fixed with Steve’s.
All this soulmate stuff was getting the better of him clearly. No wonder he had dreamed of such things...about clans and soulmates and soul marks. The NEWS was flooded with it still as more tests and evidence started coming to light. So many stories were surfacing of people talking about their grandparents being soulmates, or how some folk were going to devote themselves to finding their soulmate. Hell, there was even talk of creating a "Find My Soulmate" App for your phone.
“Just wanted to scout the terrain tonight. Don’t want to let my guard down…not for a second,” Steve explained while Natasha pulled herself up next to him. “I don’t think I could live with loosing another one of our own,” he continued. Natasha looked down at her hands, pursing her lips in thought. She knew what Steve was referencing.
“That was
It was only about ten minutes later that Steve heard Tony’s breathing slow, soft noises escaping his parted lips. What a comfort that sound was, a sound the blonde had truly missed during that week away.
He also decided to shower first. Tony was taking advantage of having internet connection, getting a few business matters in order. Steve had felt bad for him, Tony just never seemed to get a break. He was constantly demanded, never having time to just live. Steve sighed to himself as he stepped into the shower. And Tony was concerned with
“Yeah, he’s been more reserved than usual,” Steve simply said, answering Maria’s question with a shrug of his shoulders, acting like it didn’t matter. He headed into the quinjet then, seeing Clint already in the pilot seat, waiting for orders. Thor and Natasha chatted lightly in the corner while Tony leaned on an elbow, thrumming his fingers on the arm of his chair, brown eyes staring off at nothing in particular.
Tony quickly went to work wiping down Steve’s face, grazing the soft cloth over his forehead and under his eyes. He worked his way down Steve’s muscular frame, paying extra attention to Steve’s chest, rubbing at the man’s nipples with the cloth, feeling them perk up under his temperate touch. He could hear Steve let out a rushed breath, and Tony smirked at that. His precious boyfriend was always so responsive.
“You’re to good to me,” Tony breathed, eyes falling shut. The blonde replied with a kiss to Tony’s soft lips before he resumed his position, his head now nuzzled under Tony’s scruffy jaw.
“I know, I know,” Tony said, quickly popping the cap of the lube and squeezing a good-sized amount on his fingers. He then wiggled his way between Steve’s spread legs and began massaging the blonde’s opening with a slick finger. The man wasn’t as tight as usual, and so the genius easily pressed the digit inside his boyfriend’s body. Tony wanted to prep Steve just a bit before he went ahead and inserted the first bead of the toy.
The dragon like creature was soon lethargic and dragging, and the team waited for Thor to deliver the final blow to its skull
“Alright, one moment,” The young man said, turning to his computer.
“I’m holding you to it,” Tony replied with a salacious smile. And Steve, the adorable man that he was, waved to Tony before the elevator doors closed. Tony swore he kept finding new ways to fall in love with Steve every single day.
In the bedroom, Tony slowly helped Steve out of his uniform, his hands knowing where every hidden zipper and snap was. With each bit of Steve’s skin being revealed, Tony placed gentle kisses there, his love’s skin salty from the mission. He heard Steve sigh softly when he nipped a long his clavicle before slipping the fabric down, allowing it to bunch up around his waist. Steve went to unbutton Tony’s shirt front, only for the brunette to still his hands.
“I didn’t see it that way. There were other lives at stake. You ignore our tactical plans just to be difficult.” Steve replied. “I knew I would be fine.”
“Okay, if that’s how you wanna play,” Tony said, smiling at his lover lecherously. Holding onto Steve’s hips, Tony entered him, penetrating the man once that ring of muscle accepted him in. Steve was always so hot, and the sudden warmth of his body surrounding Tony was almost too much, especially with Steve moaning like some painted lady in front of him. God, that man and his deliciously obscene noises, he seriously could put porn stars to shame.
Steve couldn’t stifle his raspy cry as he came once again when Tony started stroking his engorged cock while also tugging at his hole with the strong flick of his tongue. Tony stroked him through it all, pumping every bit of release from him. The brunette’s lips were pressed to his entrance, humming and creating a sultry vibration that resonated through Steve’s entire being.
Steve watched Tony go, an overwhelming feeling in his mind which led to a headache. Steve didn’t even think he could get those anymore. The super soldier sighed and closed the door, walking to his kitchen He read the words and contact info on the card Tony gave him. The information wasn’t for Tony but for his front desk department at Stark Industries. With a huff Steve tossed the business card on the table top, the small rectangular card fluttering in the air before landing partially on the S.H.I.E.L.D debriefing packet.
“I can understand why you’re nervous, Steve,” the genius said then, bringing his hands to the blonde’s sides, resting them there. “And if it is any consolation, I am a little nervous, too.” Steve looked at him disbelievingly. “I know, shocking,” Tony joked before his tone became serious. Cradling Steve cheek with a masculine hand, Tony pressed a kiss to his boyfriend’s forehead. “We’re gonna figure this all out together, okay?” Tony said gently, looking at Steve. “It might be a little rocky at first. But we’re two grown men. I think we will be able to manage,” he pressed another kiss to the blonde’s temple, breathing lightly. “Plus, it’s gonna be a hell of a lot of fun as we go.” He leaned back and waggled his eyebrows comically, making Steve grin and chuckle.
“I feel good about it,” Steve huffed out, his arms wrapping tightly around the brunette. He opened his eyes to see Tony staring down at him, a faint curve of a smile on his lips. And Steve held his gaze, his blue eyes large, pupils blown.
“Do you think people noticed?” Steve asked, And Tony wasn’t entirely sure what to say. It was a pretty big tear.
Moments later, the doors to the elevator that held Steve and Tony closed just before Clint and Natasha’s elevator car made it to the communal floor, and both men burst into a fit of laughter, relief washing over them.
“Your mother would be proud to see what you’ve grown to be, a better man than most. Even better than Ferris and Brian.”
Steve’s gaze fell to his chest again when Tony scraped his nails down them, making small red lines that would fade by the time they went to bed. “Eh-ehn. Yes, please Tony. More,” Steve whined, watching transfixed as the brunette flicked his nipples like a switch, the darkening pink nubs bouncing back into place with each passing swipe. How debauched Steve was, his appearance representing how he felt. He felt full and stretched, loved and claimed. It was all the feelings he yearned for, packaged up with a bow. And it was all because of Tony, the man he deeply loved.
“Hey, Steve,” Tony replied, moving to his feet, and removing the goggles he had to protect his eyes from any rust flakes.
“Steve?” Tony called once he grounded himself. He gave a courtesy knock before letting himself in. Quickly, he shut the door behind him, turning then to search for Steve. Tony nearly dropped the box in his hand when his eyes fell upon Steve, who was sitting on his bed in a breathtaking lingerie piece, his hands tied together at the wrists with a deep crimson, silk ribbon.
“Awesome. Then we’ll do it,” Tony said with a grin, his brown eyes bright as he looked to Steve.
“S-sorry, Mister Stark sir,” one of the crew men began finally, taking off his hat and twisting it in an anxious grip. “W-we had made purchase of some fishing equipment for when we return to our usual occupations as fisherman.”
Neither of them spoke, both riding the waves of pure bliss for as long as they could. “Damn,” Steve huffed out after minutes ticked by, his body floating down from his high.
“Well, this is quite the turn of events,” Tony said, a box with plastic gloves spilling from the top nudged against his face.
A few moons ago, Steve had lost his best friend, James, though everyone but Natasha called him “Bucky.” Steve and Bucky were inseparable since they were merbabies, raised together in the same pod all their lives. Natasha empathized with Steve’s heartache entirely, for she and Bucky were life mates, bound together for years, their memories full of love.
“Unless there is an Avenger mission that surprises us,” Steve started, buttering his toast. “I’m actually rather free for a few days.”
“Here,” Tony cooed, guiding Steve into a new position. “Lay on your side for me?” The blonde did as he was asked, rolling onto his right side while Tony slicked more lube into his hand. Steve watched Tony sidle up behind him, pressing against the super soldier’s gorgeous back.
“Do I really have a New York accent?” Steve asked as they drove their rental truck to a quiet stream.
"Good morning," Tony cooed, sitting a tray of food on the bedside and sitting down next to Steve.
Both men were startled when the door to the maintenance closet opened to reveal an elderly gentleman with slicked back grey hair and dressed in a blue janitor’s uniform. “Oh, I’m sorry. Am I interrupting something?” The man asked, looking rather confused. “I just need that cloth broom behind you, son,” he continued, pointing to Tony.
“Too bad I don’t have a dollar on me so I could stick it in your lingerie,” Tony chuckled, sipping his wine as he watched his silly lover.
The men were sweating, their breaths mingling together as they panted and loved as one entity. Nothing but their pleasurable moans filled the air as they made love in Tony’s lab, a place closed off and far from everyone else. It was a place that was theirs, like a little sanctuary.
Pepper’s words swirled around his slightly cloudy brain as he sat on the couch in his penthouse, the moonlight trickling into the room in slanted rays. Tony just shook his head, sipping at his scotch. Pepper didn’t know what she was talking about.
“I-I don’t want to break the ribbon, though,” Steve finally said, falling back to the present then. “You wouldn’t really want that either, would you, baby?” Steve inquired with a smirk. “You want me at your mercy, desperate for release, for your touch. As I fight to hold off from breaking the restraint…to stay submissive.” Tony’s head was reeling at the intimate, sexual words Steve spoke, the image coming into focus behind his eyes as Tony groaned lowly, his pants tenting up instantly. Steve took that opportunity to cant his hips up, pressing his hardening erection against Tony’s, who couldn’t help but to buck forward, the friction overwhelming.
“Did you honestly refer to my dick as ‘Little Tony?’” The brunette asked, though it was more rhetorical; he heard Steve clearly. The blonde chuckled deeply before he turned his body so that he was facing the other man. He could see that the brunette was erect again as Tony rolled onto his back, coaxing Steve to come closer to him.
“Fuck me, Tony,” Steve breathed, watching Tony maneuver around so that he was sitting on the couch, facing his boyfriend.
“Feels good, huh?” The brunette asked rhetorically, tightening his grip around Steve’s cock, stroking him in rhythm to the caresses he provided the super soldier’s opening. He knew all the beautiful ways to make Steve sing with the pleasures of ecstasy, every touch catering to the blonde’s sensitive, sweet spots.
About twenty minutes later, there was a knock on one of the window panels, and Tony could see Steve outside it, looking at the dome-like structure curiously.
About a year ago, Tony had been working in his laboratory in the Stark Mansion, creating a new weapon when a minor error in his formula caused an explosion, shrapnel embedding itself within his chest. It took the most advanced physician, Dr. Yensin, to save Tony’s life by instilling a small magnetic device within his chest. This allowed for the metal shrapnel to stay almost suspended in his body, so that it wouldn’t shred his heart.
Me neither,” Steve bit out, shifting his hips and holding onto Tony’s biceps. “Move, Tony,” he added, his gaze beseeching. They started off slow, Tony falling into a gentle rhythm that Steve easily was able to rock in sync with, pushing his rump down urgently, wanting Tony’s strokes to fill him completely.
Short, little gasps puffed from Steve’s throat from his own touch, biting his lower lip as heat blossomed in his lower belly once again.
“What do I think?” Tony asked incredulously then, a hand reaching up to feel the fabric, rubbing it between his calloused fingertips. “I think you are absolutely stunning in this,” he said honestly, looking up into the man’s blue eyes. “I think I’m gonna make a call to every male lingerie store I know and buy all their inventory for you,” he chuckled. Raising both hands up, Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist and gently guided the super soldier down onto his lap, pushing the abandoned phone away with his foot. He drifted his fingertips in random patterns up and down the man’s torso, feeling hard muscle under the purple silk. He could see the hardened flesh of Steve’s nipples under the fabric and all Tony wanted to do was pinch and play with the pebbled skin. He didn’t though, that would be for later. Instead, he brought his hands back around to the dip in Steve’s lower back, drifting lower until he reached the curve of the blonde’s round rump. “You are beautiful, Steve,” he said breathily, squeezing his boyfriend’s behind firmly. Steve let out a low groan, rocking into the brunette’s touch. “Yeah, I know how much you love your ass grabbed,” Tony chuckled darkly, pupils dilating.
“I love you, Steve Rogers,” he said a little louder than before. “And like you had said the other day; I have no clue how it happened. But you have found your way into every cell of my being. You have become all that my heart beats for,” Tony added. So Steve’s ears weren’t tricking him. Tony loved him back, had gotten him this studio as a gift, not to kick him out. “I know you wanted to be back in Brooklyn as much as possible. It isn’t too far from the Tower, either. So, I thought you could come here whenever to work or get away for a while.”
Steve’s cheeks were flushed, his hair disheveled as Tony held him tight working his whole finger into the man. Steve was unbearably tight, and Tony tried to be slow, but the blonde wasn’t being patient, grinding his hips down hard and riding Tony’s finger, wanting the man to find his sweet spot.
“Thank you, Pep,” the brunette said, giving a small smile to his assistant. “I’m going to take a pause from this,” Tony started then, gesturing to his workspace. “I’ll get some fresh air and look over the rest of the agreement document.” Pepper thought that was a grand idea as well, and headed off to her quarters of the ship to look through her own documents that needed tended to for their company.
Continuing his journey down over his boyfriend’s front, the genius brought one finger over Steve’s erect penis, the head leaking white precome which soaked through the green, floral designed lace of his lingerie undies.
“Mmm,” Steve hummed, his head falling back against Tony’s shoulder. “Feels so good, baby,” Steve breathed, eyes shut as he relished in the sensations his boyfriend provided.
Tony Stark is uneasy about a business opportunity with a particular company. Then an unlikely guest appears on his ship. What else could happen to the inventor?
“Fine, put him through,” Tony said, kissing the inside of one of Steve’s knees.
“However long I’ve been avoiding people,” Tony remarked walking over to an armchair and falling into it defeated. “I guess she’s felt it for a while, a disconnect or whatever.” There was no way in hell, that Tony would say it was because Pepper thought he had the hots for Steve.
“Captain Rogers has arrived to his quarters, and it appears he has found the gift that you had placed on his bed,” J.A.R.V.I.S responded. “Shall I inform him of your whereabouts?”
“You’re too good to me,” Steve said, breaking away from the kiss a moment to look at Tony.
“How obvious is it?” Tony said, checking a few emails on his phone before they went into the wilderness, where technology probably didn’t exist.
Thank you all for reading this story!  And Thanks to my beta! <3
But as time progressed, population grew and civilization advanced, the once burning and passionate idea of soulmates dwindled to a low glowing ember, the thought almost neglected since it was such a rarity for people to find their soulmate in the modern world. It was but a childish dream, a fairytale parents told their children at night.
“Steve, you won’t be leaving my bed for days once I’m back home,” Tony joked, only to let out a low moan as he watched the perfectly obscene sight that Steve was gracing him with.
Tony, feeling as if he had met these warrior soulmates at some point was obviously a byproduct of lack of sleep, and so Tony brushed it away. He needed to go back to bed. But his mind whirred, and the brunette could not shake himself from the vivid dream. He had never been hung up on the subconscious thought he had until that night.
“How’re you still hard?” Steve slurred out, his head flush with the pillow he had been clawing at, the cushion looking as worn as Steve felt. “Come, Tony,” Steve cooed, finding enough energy to turn over on his back, looking adoringly at the genius. “Want you to take all that you want of me.”
“Sorry!” Steve apologized, rolling off the man so he could breathe.
By the third day of being a hermit in his lab, Tony was on a near breaking discovery on a formula he’d been trying to figure out and perfect for months. His concentration was halted when J.A.R.V.I.S announced that Steve had come down and left food for him. There was a small squeeze in his heart when the A.I. told him that, knowing Steve was probably confused by the restricted access. Steve was always allowed down there. Tony wouldn’t admit that he preferred the man down there with him, their silence always peaceful, their comfort amongst each other balanced.
“Yeah, that might be,” Tony replied, yawning widely before working his way under the bed covers. “But I could tell you liked the idea of being watched. Having my eyes on you while you fucked yourself to oblivion and touched those gorgeous nipples of yours.” He watched Steve blush profusely, his softened cock becoming rather attentive by Tony’s words. “See?” Tony said, smirking.
He was the one Steve was interested in this whole time? Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling a headache coming on. Fuck.
The inventor could see a large, gaping wound near where the merman’s hip would have anatomically been if he were a human. Tony found it to be quite a strange wound, deep and penetrated as crimson blood oozed from between shattered glossy scales. Before Tony had a moment to do anything more though, he was yanked away by meaty paws and pulled to his feet.
“It’s okay. I actually have an apartment suite that is move-in- ready a few blocks away,” the fair-haired woman said as they started toward the elevator. Tony furrowed his brows at that. So, she’d been planning this for at least a little while if she already had a place picked out and signed into contract.
That was until Tony invited he, Natasha, Sam and Maria to Avengers tower, where the Avengers initiative finally took off. Steve considered going back to his little apartment back when he first woke from the ice, but that apartment was sad, and lonesome. if he was apart of a team, he needed to amongst them. And heck, Steve's quarters at the Tower were at least ten times the size of the S.H.I.E.L.D owned apartment.
“I wanted to, and had the intention of hearing Arnim Zola’s reasons for what they planned to use our weapons for,” Tony shrugged. “But good ole Obi kept switching the subject.”
“Yes, I know.” Natasha stared up at the stars as well, understanding all of what Steve meant with that one word. “I miss him too,” she whimpered.
“Look stop beating around the bush, Steve. I am a grown man; I can take it.” He said, voice raising, his defenses building.
Maybe, just maybe, his unwarranted affections for Steve would dissipate, and all would be as it had been once Tony waded through the confusion. Surely, he didn’t love Steve that way. Tony tried to justify the feelings being nothing more than the aftershocks of their deepening emotional connection on the trip. Plus, he was still newly dumped, and there was no way he was over
“Im not gonna do it,” Tony said, slouching back into the black leather chair, folding his arms defiantly.
"Ah come on Tony, you still need to show us your mixed martial arts routine," Steve said, grabbing a towel to wipe the sweat off his face and neck. He noticed his shirt was soaked, and so the super soldier in one movement pulled the wet t-shirt off, flinging it into a corner. The blonde met Tony's eyes then. Tony looked at him, an indiscernible expression on his face. Steve felt shy then, as if he was too exposed to the other man. It was weird. He never cared before, and Tony never seemed to be concerned with his shirtless form before either. The blonde awkwardly tried to cover himself with the small towel and overt his gaze.
“And besides,” Steve added as Tony grabbed up the lubricant once again, dribbling the gel on the remaining few beads. “I’m the one who bought the anal beads.” Tony simply chuckled at that, his features lightened by the blue arc reactor’s glow. “So, I think I know what to expect,” Steve concluded with a grin, and the genius smiled back at Steve dotingly.
“Keep your eyes open, love,” Tony whispered, as he circled Steve’s pecs in wide strokes. Steve listened, opening his eyes as he watched his beloved’s hands caress his defined chest. He saw Tony brush the pads of two fingers underneath the curve of his pectorals, the light friction almost tickling Steve before the brunette used a hint of nail, causing Steve to bite his lip as he continued to look at his reflection.
Grabbing the intimate toy then, the brunette dabbed a bit of lube on the tiniest bead until it glistened; being thorough wasn’t a bad thing he thought. “I’m gonna put the first bead in now,” Tony whispered, looking to Steve, who nodded in understanding. Carefully, Tony guided that first bead in, the lubed little ball slipping easily inside the blonde man. Steve didn’t really seem to react to the sensation, which, the genius figured was because there was no friction going on just yet.
And if anyone was watching Steve, they would have seen how most of the time, his eyes were fixated on Tony, watching the brunette flutter from one end of the large room to the other. He couldn’t help himself, the man was captivating. His smile was bright and charming, his brown eyes warm and dewy. There was something off about him tonight, though. Steve could see how Tony’s smile never met his brown eyes, his laugh always forced. Nobody would notice if they weren’t paying close attention, but Steve was doing just that. He wondered what was causing Tony’s mind to be elsewhere instead embracing the energetic vibe of the party. He wanted to ask the genius, but no matter what Steve did, he always stumbled and became incredibly flustered when he was around Tony. He wasn’t sure why. It was only until they had become close friends that Steve started seeing the man in a different light.
Beside himself with pleasure, Steve tried to level out his breathing as Tony worked his magic over him. Steve blindly stroked at Tony’s silky dark hair as he stared up at the warm lights above him, twinkling in the mesh net canopy over their bed. The moon shone big and brightly, and for a brief moment the super soldier feared someone would see them through the glass before remembering that his beloved was in fact a genius and ensured their privacy.
“Thanks, Steve,” Tony replied, smiling halfheartedly in return. They were both quiet for a bit as the heat of the morning sun warmed their bodies. “I’m sorry though, really I am, for not telling you sooner,” Tony said, looking out the large windows in the living area. “I didn’t mean to make you feel like you didn’t matter, or that I couldn’t confide in you.”
“Don’t you realize how much of a kink that would be for me?” Tony mock whined, pulling Steve to him, their chests flush together. Steve merely giggled, snuggling his arms around Tony’s shoulders. And Tony poked at his sides, teasing the blonde with tickles, holding onto his blue-eyed boyfriend the best he could. Steve tittered, trying to wiggle away from the man’s teasing touches, though he didn’t try too hard, not really wanting to get away from his beloved’s grasp just yet.
The genius obeyed, finding a new angle to thrust into Steve, the super soldier’s tight heat slithering a coil of warmth in his nether regions. Steve locked his feet around the brunette’s lower back while Tony pinned his boyfriend’s hands in his own. The air flow and ventilation would certainly need reworked, Tony briefly thought as the window panels of the private structure fogged around them. He rocked into Steve differently than before, hitting the blonde’s bundle of nerves, the man crying out, his eyebrows knitting together.
After a quick shower, Steve dressed in nice dark jeans and a form fitting heather grey t-shirt. He couldn’t deny that he liked to look somewhat dashing when he was around Tony. He figured it was a common notion for anyone with a crush on someone to want to look their best.
It was then that that the couple stepped back, Tony linking his hand in hers and walking toward the elevator. Steve didn’t lean forward, not wanting to get caught, but he could only imagine they were headed to Tony’s penthouse. The super soldier couldn’t stand being there any longer, his jealousy and sorrow overpowering him.
The museum hosted primarily art history, much to the blonde's pleasant surprise. A few side exhibits were on other themed artifacts, but Steve was immediately drawn to the pre-historic art of the Neolithic era. He stood in awe of the cave drawing prints and what their interpretation was. Sam and Nat went ahead of him, Sam more interested in the Impressionist room. Natasha went to ask a few questions to the docent in the next room which held Ancient Egyptian, Minoan and Greek art.
Slowly though, it was all those things Steve originally saw as faults in the man’s character that caused him to slowly fall in love with Tony. Those were the quirks that made Tony who he was. And as time went on, as both men got to know each other, Steve realized how balanced they were together on and off the battle field. They had eventually become friends, the blonde often being invited down to the brunette’s lab to just hang out. Steve was more than happy to accept, sometimes bringing a sketch pad and pencil with him so that he could work on a drawing while Tony was busy with new tech or configuring new calculations. Steve would ask a question or two about what Tony was doing or Tony would ask him what he was drawing, but most of the time they were both quiet. It was never uncomfortable of course, both men were content with the silence, the presence of each other creating a peaceful space.
“I’m gonna need to up my game so you come like that every time,” Tony said, drifting a hand down Steve’s sweaty back. Steve giggled again, leaning back to press one more quick kiss to Tony’s mouth before working his way out of the brunette’s embrace.
Tony was grabbing the cushions on the couch so hard that Steve was sure he would tear the thick woven fabric. The brunette pushed back against his face, attempting to bury Steve’s tongue as deeply as it could get.
“The bottle with the thick brown liquid?” Steve said, voice a bit strangled as Tony played with his ass. He drifted his hands up and down Tony’s strong back, enjoying the firm muscle there.
Reaching a hand up, Tony brushed some of her lovely, light hair from her eyes, nestling it behind her ear before wiping a tear off her cheek. He let his thumb caress her small chin, feeling the delicate skin there. “I am so damn sorry, Pepper.” The woman just nuzzled into his touch, looking up to him with glistening, wet eyes.
Tony left Nick Fury’s New York S.H.I.E.L.D office, slipping into the Iron Man suit that was waiting outside for him.
They watched the film in mostly silence, sometimes one of the men whispering a comment or two. Steve had an arm wrapped around Tony’s arm, the brunette’s head resting against Steve’s shoulder as the scene played on the gigantic screen. Everything was pleasant and sweet, until Steve felt one of Tony’s hands casually drift to his upper leg, resting it there, only to caress his thigh slowly. It was a gesture that shouldn’t have been a big deal, but the warmth of Tony’s hand was seeping into Steve’s denim covered leg. And soon enough, Steve was heightened to everything that was Tony, the soft noises of his breathing, the press of his cheek on Steve’s shoulder.
“That merman,” Doctor Banner said, wiping his hands on a towel. “That is what is on your mind, is it not?”
Steve was purely joyful in that moment, being wildly made love to by the man he would soon call his husband.
Tony groaned at the sight of Steve touching himself, it was so fucking hot, how the thick, firm muscles moved under his hands. The brunette stroked him quickly, every once and a while thumbing at the head, digging his nail into the slit there. Steve lurched into his touch, gasping loudly as he continued to tug on his nipples and stroke the underside of his pectorals.
“You okay?” He asked Steve. “If you’re having second thoughts, we can-”
“Oh, okay,” Steve replied softly, brow furrowed as if he didn’t know why Tony was being so curt. “Well, I’ve missed you,” he continued then, brushing a hand through his blonde hair. “I’m glad we were able to get a chance to talk.”
“Uhn,” was all Tony could really say, hearing Steve tell him to come as well as the need for release being too great.
“Hi,” the blonde breathed, a little smile forming on his pink lips.
He checked out, buying his bookmark and mug, eager to get back to the tower and see the genius. he didn't know why he felt nervous suddenly as they neared the tower. he had no reason to be nervous, it was just Tony, he wasn’t going be mad about it, no matter what Steve’s unbeknownst anxiety was telling him.
“Hi, Tony,” Pepper answered, yawning into the speaker.
Once they finished and cleared the table, the two men curled up on the couch, cuddling while they sipped on a sweet red wine. It was Tony’s turn to pick the movie, and he’d settled on
“Tony?” Steve asked quietly as the genius kept looking at him, his warm eyes soft. Steve would be the first to admit that he was rather oblivious when it came to people showing interest in him. But the way Tony was watching him now, Steve was sure he’d seen that same expression on Tony’s face before, when he would look at Pepper, a gaze of awe and fondness.
“Oh, shit,” Steve heard Tony moan as he felt the man’s penis jerk against his mouth. The blonde sucked at the mushroom shaped head of his love’s length, his saliva, along with Tony’s precome leaving a damp spot on the undergarment. Steve could taste a slight salty flavor from Tony’s wetness, something the blonde always found rather enticing. In a quick movement, Steve slid the brunette’s boxers down just enough to free up his erection before he wrapped his pink lips around the hard shaft of his lover.
“Well you were distant this whole week, barely messaging me or texting me back. Then you decide you want to video chat, Steve. Doesn’t that sound a little peculiar to you? Don’t you think I would worry that you were upset with me or something?” Tony said, crossing his arms over his chest as he eyed the man staring back at him in the screen. Steve continued to stare at him for what seemed like twenty-seven years, mouth agape. Steve took a deep breath then, pinching the bridge of his nose between two fingers before meeting the genius’s chocolatey gaze.
“Tony?” Pepper spoke again, and Tony blinked away the past that longed to seep into his present.
Steve created a plate of food for the genius, the lunch consisting of a BLT, cut apple slices and a cup of fresh black coffee. He’d done this friendly gesture many times before, when Tony had a genius streak down in his lab. But now since his feelings had progressed beyond platonic, he was afraid everything he did revealed his true feelings. Steve shook his head, sighing at his idiocy before regaining his composure and descending the elevator that would lead him to Tony’s workshop. Steve also had a backup plan. If things became too awkward between them, or more if Steve became awkward, he would tell Tony they should do some Avenger training with the team as soon as possible.
A few months after Steve and Tony start dating, they take their relationship to the next level.
,” Tony trailed off.
“You okay?” Steve asked looking for any bumps on Tony’s head from the collision. Tony waved him away.
“You can’t just decide to get eaten by a giant monster,” Tony started their spat up once again, turning his attention back to Steve.
He could hear Tony’s heartbeat, his own heart trying thrum in unison with the brunette’s. The heat in Steve’s body was starting to calm down some, his breathing evening out. He could sense the tension in Tony’s body not as wound up as well. Tony combed a hand through his hair while Steve continued to lean against him, his cheek nestled in the crook of Tony’s neck.
All those thoughts blew away though when Steve gazed dotingly at the brunette, hair in disarray, eyes closed. The blonde took in the way Tony’s dark lashes cast wispy shadows on his cheekbones. With a sigh of admiration, Steve brushed a few dark hairs from his beloved’s forehead, the genius opening his eyes then from the other man’s touch. Tony’s ruby lips quirked into a sleepy smile before nuzzling against Steve’s hand.
So with Tony gone for almost a week on business, Steve was having a difficult time. He didn’t like waking up alone to a cold side of the bed where his handsome boyfriend was supposed to be. Didn’t like walking down to Tony’s lab only to see it dark inside. And he especially didn’t like how quiet the tower was without him, no snarky comments or obnoxious bickering between Tony and Clint.
--------
Steve held onto Tony’s shoulders, finding his love’s mouth and kissing him yet again. He was over stimulated at this point, his entrance stretched, the feeling ripe, almost painful. But that feeling was nothing compared to how breathtaking Tony was in that moment, the sight making Steve hard once more. He brought his knees to his chest, giving the brunette better access to his body while he traced his hands down the outline of Tony’s spine.
Steve chuckled softly, finally opening his eyes. Tony giggled too, kissing his lover’s shoulder. Nothing was said for a while between the couple, Steve lifting his head and finding Tony’s lips and kissing him unhurriedly.
“You’ve loved someone else?” Tony asked, curious.
“Nope. You just solidified every reason why I won’t. My dad made a beefed-up golden boy...its really not that big of a deal.”
Tony carded his hand through Steve’s hair, slipping his other fingers free from the blonde’s behind. “So fucking perfect, Steve,” he whispered against the man’s skin, kissing the curve of his shoulder. All Tony ever wanted was what he had right in front of him now. Someone to love always, and for that someone to love him back. Steve was his everything, and he never wanted to wake up to a day where he wasn’t by his side. And Tony knew Steve felt the exact same way.
The entire scene was so mesmerizing and erotic that Tony was truly beside himself. The brunette’s breath hitched when he saw his boyfriend taking his thumb entirely into his mouth. He could feel Steve’s tongue swirling around the digit. The blonde knew exactly what he was doing, bewitching Tony with pleasure while the brunette resorted to palming at his clothed erection with his free hand.
“Steve,” Tony said breathily, pulling away and stilling his thrusting hips. “You know how much I love watching you as I fuck you?” He asked as he began undoing the buttons of his dress shirt.
“Where are they hosting it?”
Steve couldn’t help but feel that it should be him that Tony was loving in that lavish bed. Steve would moan Tony’s name as the brunette kissed him breathless, opening up the blonde’s body with skilled fingers.
“Thanks, Steve. I’m glad I could share this with you too.” With that, they nestled into their bed and couch, Steve shutting off the floor lamp next to him.
Tony just laughed, itching the back of his head. “Well, I thought this would be a little sacrilegious…or something if we did this on Easter Sunday,” he admitted, petting Steve’s rump. He could feel the indentations from where his short fingernails had mercilessly dug into the flesh back there. Steve thought about what Tony had said before scrunching his nose up like a bunny.
“Fourth time tonight for you, coming up,” Tony purred, bracing his elbows on either side of Steve’s head. You’re gonna be so sore…” The genius kissed the super soldier chastely, surprising Steve when he suddenly sheathed himself fully into him. The blonde’s warm heat was so familiar and yet still so wonderful a sensation. He captured all of Steve’s gasps of both pleasure and pain from being over stimulated. Tony made sure Steve was okay, and was willing to keep going despite being worn and sore. Steve looked up at him, though, beautiful ocean eyes capturing his then.
“This is the biggest client we could have. The biggest
At Tony’s new touch, Steve could feel his legs wobble, the pleasure just too overpowering. Tony must have noticed his body give slightly, for the brunette grabbed the chair he had sat on earlier and sat down once more, guiding Steve to sit on his lap.
"Oh," Steve remarked, unsure of how to feel about this. "Well, thanks, I suppose," Steve added before offering Tony something to eat and drink.
“Right, month. See it hasn’t been the easiest month. Lots of shit has been going on and I’ve been so busy with work,” he babbled on. Maybe he wasn’t as good a liar as he thought. “Can I come in, please? I feel like I’m trying to sell you a vacuum or something.” It took Steve a minute to react before he stepped aside and held the door open for the brunette.
Now simply in his damp boxers, Tony drank in the sight of his gorgeous boyfriend, the man putting Adonis to shame with his round, perky pecs and defined abs. His thighs were strong and his arms sculpted, and seeing such a man prepping himself for Tony so that he could fuck him had the brunette floating.
“Not masculine?” Tony asked, his voice light, almost incredulous. “Steve, honey, you don’t have a bone in your body that isn’t masculine,” Tony assured him. “You’re perfect. And I wouldn’t want you to be anything other than yourself when we are together.”
Tony was circling him then, taking in every detail of his body, as if he hadn’t seen it all before. With the man’s eyes on him, and the fact that he was barely clothed and Tony was still fully dressed had Steve stirring below the waist, prominently seen under his silky panties. “Do you like this, Steve? Tony asked then, standing before Steve, their bodies close. “Do you like the vulnerability of this?” Steve nodded eagerly.
Steve stirred a bit, bringing Tony back to the present. The brunette looked down to see Steve looking up at him, smiling. Tony smiled back, bringing his hands down to drift up and down Steve’s sides. “You liked that, didn’t you? Seeing yourself while I took control,” Tony said.
“Is this the most important thing to you?” Steve asked, a mixture of amusement and bewilderment crossing his face.
They made their way into the water shortly after, waders hiked up to their waists as they positioned themselves. The water was so clear that Tony could see the multicolored slabs of rock underneath. All that surrounded him were autumnal trees, clear skies, birds chirping, and Steve. Tony watched him a moment, amused at seeing the super soldier wearing red plaid, waders and that absurd fisherman’s hat.
“Yeah, sure they are,” Steve laughed as well, only to gasp when he felt one of Tony’s hands trail down his spine and over the curve of his rump, his fingers leaving heated tickles along Steve’s skin. The super soldier let out a boyish giggle jerking away from his love’s touch and pressing against the table, his penis sliding on the glossy, finished table. They’d have to clean the white mess of precome later, but Steve pushed that thought away as he felt both of Tony’s hands massaging at the thick flesh of his bum, his fingers digging in while his palms caressed each cheek in circular movements.
Steve went to push in his passcode to get inside, only for it to not work. Steve, confused, tried it once more, again not opening the door. “J.A.R.V.I.S?” Steve called, looking up at the ceiling though he knew that wasn’t where the A.I. was.
“Yes, Captain Rogers?” The A.I. sounded through the room.
Nevertheless, Steve woke up alone. Slowly rising from the bed, Steve adjusted the pastel blue silk and chiffon nightie he slept in, the fabric bunching up around his waist during the night.
“Thought you could use a break from all the strenuous online sessions and conference calls you’ve had for the past few days,” Steve said softly, leaning down to kiss Tony right on the lips. Tony happily reciprocated, exploring the soft pink pillows of Steve’s mouth, drinking the man in with a heady kiss of his own.
“I loved my basket,” Steve replied finally, clearing his throat before offering his basket to Tony. “Happy Easter, Tony.” One side of Tony’s lips curved up as he took it and peered inside the white wicker basket. Steve had placed chocolate bunnies of course in there, as well as chocolate covered malt balls since they were one of Tony’s favorite candies. He also had a personal gift of his own for the brunette.
The two stars Steve references are Betelgeuse which burns reddish and the other is Rigel, which burns bluish. The constellation they are a part of is Orion, the Hunter.
“My name is Steven,” he answered, giving a small smile as he felt himself relax some more. “I go by Steve though,” he added after a moment.
The beautiful blonde had been gone for a week, on a meeting to discuss new Avengers business. Tony had wanted to go as well, but only because he had suggested they look into adding this whiz kid from Queens with some web slinging hero alias. Tony believed that the teenager had the spirit and selflessness to work alongside them. But the brunette was busy with other things; Stark Industries business and all that jazz. So, they’d been apart for a week, which was absolutely preposterous in Tony’s eyes.
Soon, Steve and Tony were stripped from their clothing, laying naked in Tony's large bed. They were both nervous and excited, the blonde and brunette new to this same sex relationship. And yet, they felt a rush of calm, knowing that this closeness of their bond was unique, beautiful and pure. They explored one another, Steve kissing Tony's inner thighs, his tongue finding its way to the man's groin. Tony was beside himself with pleasure as he watched Steve's mouth, pink and wet move over his erection.
The genius scooted up on his knees till he was right behind his boyfriend, placing his hands on Steve’s narrow hips. Tony pressed a heated trail of kisses down the blonde’s spine until he hit the fabric of the man’s panties. That dainty, chiffon fabric slipped almost effortlessly down, revealing the beautiful curvature of Steve’s luscious ass.
Tony thought about Rhodey’s opinion and advice. He of course was right, saying that some risks are worth taking. But Tony didn’t want to go in guns blazing, only to run away with his tail between his legs. He’d find a way to see if Steve was interested in anyone and then go from there. That would be a both risky and safe bet.
“Right,” Tony scoffed then, folding his arms across his chest. “It had nothing to do with you trying to prove something, to prove your worth.”
“Good. How are you and the meetings?”
He had probably been out there for a solid 45 minutes when he heard the front door open, closing with a typical creak. Tony took a seat next to him, saying not a word. And when Steve turned to look at him, the man had Steve’s blanket wrapped around him. Tony looked straight ahead, and Steve took a moment to appreciate his profile, his nose slanting softly until it turned up at the end ever so slightly. His eyes were like liquid pools, big and almost glowing as they captured the light of the moon and stars.
Tony could see the outline of Steve’s penis pressing beneath the fabric, and his eyes traveled up, over his boyfriend’s firmly defined abdomen and to his lace covered pectorals. The genius was practically drooling over his love. Steve was all his…as he was all Steve’s.
Steve dipped his head back down to lap at the chocolate sauce that covered the man’s lower belly, only to then lick Tony’s upper thighs. Steve liked how the fine hair there tickled his tongue as he nipped at the chocolatey flesh. A few marks for the morning were alright, he figured, as Tony was writhed underneath him then, wanting Steve to quit teasing.
“So needy, Stevie,” Tony breathed, licking at random patches of taut skin on the blonde’s shoulders and neck. Steve felt the man’s fingers slip beneath the garment, the brunette’s short nails digging into the plush, firm flesh of Steve’s ass.
“Hold on, Cap,” I’m just getting started here,” Tony purred against Steve’s ear, nipping at the lobe. He dipped his finger inside Steve’s body a mere inch, relaxing the muscles there in soothing strokes. Tony’s other hand traveled to Steve’s front, giving feather light touches to the blonde’s weeping length.
“Harder, Tony-Please!” Steve whined, swirling his hips in a circular motion, igniting a cry from the brunette beneath him. The genius obliged, grasping Steve’s behind in a strong grip before he rammed up into his man with blissful force. He smiled salaciously when Steve gasped, his head lulling forward to look at the brunette.
“Alright, fine,” Steve finally relented, obviously thinking Tony was a worrywart. The super soldier began to fiddle with the bow on his wrists then, trying to grasp the one tail to unravel the tie. “You don’t know how long it took me to tie my own wrists together,” he tittered as he worked.
“Do you like me this way, love?” Steve asked then, doing something he knew the other man loved…dirty talk. “Do you like me at your gracious mercy, Tony? Hungry for everything you do to me? Wishing you’d have your way with me as I just take it all?”
They both turned around, and Steve tried to figure out where the snowball came from, only to get hit in the chest with one. He heard Clint’s laughter coming from behind a few of the trees that littered the yard for when they trained for different terrain. It was then Clint ran out from his hiding spot, pounding the two men with snowballs.
“Hmmm…I guess we’ve got a little bit of time to figure it out,” Tony responded, tucking his head under Steve’s jaw.
to keep his mind off of Steve. All these blossoming feelings were nonsensical and absurd, so why weren’t they going away?
“It’s okay, go ahead,” Tony said with a close mouthed smile. And so, Steve did, his other hand coming up to cup around the metal casing that held the reactor in place. The metal rim was somehow cool to the touch, the arc reactor faintly warm. Steve never paid much attention to this circular reactor, but knowing it was what kept his love alive, made Steve think that it was the most precious thing. Leaning in, Steve pressed a quick kiss to the face of the reactor before trailing open mouthed kisses up his boyfriend’s neck and under his chiseled jaw. He felt Tony’s breath quicken, a soft moan escaping him when Steve’s teeth scraped against his dark cropped beard.
Soon Tony was a bit mindless as he fucked his lover raw, the pent-up anticipation all week and this evening spilling forth. The lounge bed rocked and squeaked as it hit the side of the dome structure, the stringed white lights above them swaying, their light fluttering over the spread of the brunette’s back and behind.
“Don’t worry, Cap. I’ll be alright. Thanks for listening though,” Tony said. But then Steve was moving in closer to him and Tony felt his heart skip a beat, his nerves rising. Steve placed a hand on his shoulder, giving Tony one of those little smirks he so often fashioned.
“I know that, Steve,” Tony said reassuringly. “I just want to do this for you because I appreciate your friendship.
“Oh, come on, Steve. You and I both know you have at least three orgasms in you tonight,” Tony said, a cocky grin on his face when Steve glowered at him. “Alright, fine,” Tony gave in, leaning in and tugging at Steve’s panties, the blonde lifting his hips to help him along. He heard Steve take a deep breath of relief, some of the pressure on his throbbing cock gone. The sight of his boyfriend’s aroused penis left Tony’s mouth watering, his own penis craving attention underneath his dress pants. He pushed that thought aside though, bending down to take Steve in his mouth, lapping at the salty precome that bubbled at the swollen head. He licked his way down the man’s length, using a hint of teeth as he worried at the engorged vein. Steve always tasted so good.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clearing his throat and finally blinking, Tony shook his head, a smile breaking across his masculine features. “You know me better than anyone, I’m pretty sure,” the brunette responded, wiggling even closer between Steve’s legs. Brushing his hands over the super soldier’s outer thighs, Tony dug his nails into that creamy flesh of his lover’s, the fine dusting of fair hair tickling against his fingers there.
“Who won the snowman competition?”
“You know, Cap, I think I just heard Rhodey call me. So I’m gonna go…” Tony started, turning as he spoke so he could high tail it outta there. He didn’t get far before the blonde grabbed ahold of his wrist and pulled him through the crowd. A few people looked at them, indiscernible expressions crossing their faces as they went.
Yeah, ‘cause maybe then you’d want me just as much
“Who is it that you’ve fallen for?” Steve asked, his cheeks tinting in rouge as he inquired, nerves building within him. He needed to know though. Steve would never entertain the idea before that he was the one Tony’ had been interested in. But now, as their bodies were mostly pressed together, and as Tony pinned his gaze on Steve, the super soldier could feel the shift between them. Something so subtle, like a kiss on the brow of a newborn babe.
Tony’s orgasm came over him in a rush. He felt his body tingle from head to toe then, the coil in his belly exploding like fireworks throughout each cell and every fiber of his being. His mind released from reality as the super soldier tightened around his shaft. The way Steve was, so ruined by Tony and how they moved together, all pushed the brunette to his crescendo, his come flooding inside Steve.
Steve smiled at that, relieved that Tony understood, and was such a considerate boyfriend.
“Sure thing. But next time, we are doing it while we are in the same room. That way we can get our hands on each other at the same time.”
“It’s a nice room. Is Tony’s next door?”
“Oh, nothing over the top,” Tony replied, trying to be casual. “Typical relationship gifts from the boyfriend,” he added. And when Bruce stared at him, waiting for him to explain what it was, Tony plainly remarked, “cuff links.”
Steve headed to the next exhibit, eyes lighting up at the wonderful artifacts. "Isn’t it amazing how the Ancient world had such unique material culture, Nat?" Steve breathed as he wandered to the Ancient Grecian pottery and sculpture. He leaned in close, his nose almost touching the glass the priceless objects were housed behind. He was almost transfixed at the amount of detail in a gorgeous marble statue of two nude men dueling. Steve assumed it was depicting an Olympic boxing match.
It took a moment for Steve to come back to reality, his body limp, spent. Tony loved seeing the man like that. Steve could get uptight often. So when Tony could cause the captain to let go like this, it brought a sense of invincibility to the genius. He took his time licking Steve clean before he pressed open mouthed kisses up his contoured torso, dipping his tongue in each divot of his abs, pushing the fabric of the purple slip up as he went.
“Steve,” the brunette grinned, dropping his hands to his sides then. He suddenly let out a chuckle, and Steve looked at him with a puzzled expression. “I’m sorry,” the man said, his smile infectious, causing Steve to smile back at him. “I just pictured you having a fantastical name, with more aquatic undertones perhaps. Like Poseidon or Neptune,” he snickered, reaching his unbandaged hand back and rubbing at his neck, closing his eyes a moment. He winced from rubbing at the tight muscle there. Steve watched him, tracing the details of the man’s face as he massaged his neck. He noticed dark eye lashes curled against warm skin, his chin defined underneath the well cropped facial hair. The bridge of the man’s nose had a gentle slope. It was only when the man opened his eyes and looked at Steve that he realized he was staring.
It was only a few minutes of tinkering with the metal plates of an Iron Man suit before Tony’s mind wandered to his teammates’ uniforms and all the ways he could enhance them. Natasha could use electric shocks for long distance. Clint always needed enhanced arrows as well as being able to carry more of them during missions. And Steve…Tony’s mind stuttered then. Dammit, the blonde made it into his brain yet again. Well, it was for safety and Avenger purposes, so it wasn’t a big deal.
Tony began licking at the hollows of Steve’s collarbone before he nosed further down to Steve’s clothed pecs, mouthing at the bow on the lingerie. He then glided his tongue over to a pink nipple that hid beneath the lace. Steve gasped, rocking up when Tony flicked at the rosy bud under the fabric tauntingly. The super soldier looked dazedly at his boyfriend diligently working at his chest, loving the gentle tease of the genius’s mouth.
“Tony?” Steve said in a hushed tone, making his way toward the brunette. Tony looked up then, his mouth dropped and phone fell to the carpeted floor. Steve wasn’t sure how to take in that reaction, slowing his footing a bit until he stood a few feet away from his love. Tony didn’t say anything still, his mouth now parted a fraction as he took in Steve’s outfit. “What do you think?” He asked, voice a bit shaky. He tried not to ring his hands or fist the fabric as he attempted to will his nerves to settle.
“I had to act. I’m sorry if you can’t understand that,” Steve said, jaw taut.
“Oh God, you gonna ride me, baby?” Tony asked, his toes curling into the comforter at the image of Steve bouncing on him.  Steve didn’t say anything, he just smiled before popping the lube cap open, squirting an excessive amount of lubricant onto his fingers. Wasting no time, Steve took Tony into his hand, stroking him quickly with lube. “Oh, shit,” Tony said, closing his eyes tight while he held Steve’s hips in a death grip. It all just felt so good.
“Well, this couldn’t be Loki’s doing,” Natasha murmured, and they all nodded, remembering how Thor had told them his brother had been killed on a realm none of them could pronounce.
Tony figured out the creature’s pattern. It was heat sensitive, which meant it was drawn to large masses of people. Tony confined it to a two block radius, though, keeping it out of the vicinity of civilians while Thor discovered that the beast had multiple blind spots. Natasha and Steve rallied the citizens they could, bringing them to safety while Clint nestled on a rooftop, shooting the beast with his best ammo arrows.
“I love you, Steve. You’re the best thing in my life,” Tony whispered, his breath warm and comforting against Steve’s skin. Steve flushed at the man’s sweet words, placing his hands over Tony’s, who had linked his fingers under Steve’s chest. Steve tilted his head so that he could capture Tony’s lips with his own, engulfing the brunette in a heady, searing kiss.
“Can’t take me anywhere,” Steve remarked as he pulled Tony closer, his hands finding the buckle of his boyfriend’s belt. The brunette helped him along, sliding both trousers and boxers off, his aching cock freed from the cage of fabric.
They began to sway, though there wasn’t any music playing. Tony smiled softly at his girlfriend while she spoke to him, his hand around her waist drifting up and down her spine. He toyed with the zipper on the back of her dress there, not pulling at it or anything, and Steve saw how she giggled at whatever Tony said, teasingly hitting the brunette’s chest. Steve pictured himself there, Tony’s strong hands holding him close, calloused fingertips tracing the contours of Steve’s muscular back.
“We managed a kiss, and that was it before, well,” Steve trailed off, and Tony nodded, knowing what Steve was trying to say. “It’s just, I want this to be great. Want us to have this together,” Steve said, voice small. “I guess my nerves are getting the better of me is all.”
“I’m ready for that mid-morning nap now,” Tony grumbled happily as he wrapped his arms around his love. Steve grinned and chuckled lightly, stretching to grab the comforter that spilled partly off of the bed. At least that had been spared by the mess he and Tony had made. It was laundry day anyways.
“Anything I want, huh?"
A sudden movement below the water caused the glassy sea surface to stir unexpectedly before a creature appeared. At a quick glance, one would have believed the creature was simply a man. Yet, as the being pulled itself onto the large rock that rose from the ocean and perched there, it was easily seen that the creature’s lower half was more like a fish.
Tony inched closer then, lining up his cock with Steve’s opening as the blonde brought his knees up, splaying them open as they rested close to his chest.
“Mhmm. Peggy Carter is my aunt,” Sharon explained, releasing her hand from his. Steve could see it then, the resemblance. They had the same earnest brown eyes, filled with determination. It took him a moment to say anything, as the past flooded through his memory, like it so often did.
As he became closer and closer to Tony’s lab floor, Steve attempted to will the hammering in his chest to calm down. Everything would be alright. He’d spent plenty of days just drawing or painting down in Tony’s lab while the brunette worked on things. This would be like any other day.
Steve breathed in relief, the underwear had been just a bit too snug for his hardened arousal, and couldn’t seem to have focused as much on his beloved with the fabric painfully rubbing on his body. Tony slipped the panties the rest of the way off and tossed them to the floor before reaching for a lubricant in the nightstand.
“Pep,” Tony started, his voice broken and breathless. He was honestly blindsided by all this. He had thought that she was the one he would spend the rest of his days with.  Pepper just shook her head softly, though, her hair shifting over her shoulders from the movement. “Why didn’t you mention this before?” He had to ask, he needed to know.
Steve eagerly spread his legs for his boyfriend, exposing himself completely for the man he adored. As much as this position made Steve vulnerable, his body on display for Tony, it was exhilarating. He secretly, or not so secretly loved how Tony gazed upon him with a hungry, possessive look in his dark eyes. Steve also knew that Tony enjoyed the control when they made love, to have Steve submit himself to the brunette when they were behind closed doors. Steve thought about how that was just one more area between him and Tony that fit together like that of two puzzle pieces.
“I am too. I missed you like mad.” Steve delicately moved his fingers in random patterns along Tony’s blue hued arc reactor. How peaceful they were in that safe haven Tony made for them. The Concrete Jungle was alive beneath them, The Avengers probably wondering where they went off to. But Steve felt as though they were miles away from anyone else, this structure a shroud, hiding he and Tony away so that they could relish in each other’s presence without hindrance.
“You okay, Steve?” Tony asked softly, acting as if his voice was any louder, Steve’s blissed out state would disintegrate.
Last week he had been so close to telling the blonde how he felt. When Steve asked him who he had fallen for, all Tony wanted to do was lean down and kiss the man breathless, letting his actions speak for themselves. And the way Steve asked him, so hopeful and big eyed. If it hadn’t been for Bruce hulking out, Tony was ready to tell Steve the truth, not worrying about the possible ramifications that would have followed suit. How Steve was under him, his cheeks red from the cold, his lips so pink and pouty, Tony had felt his breath leave him as his chest filled with an affectionate assortment of fluttering.
Steve’s heart pounded in his chest, not from nerves, but from how new this all was. Steve looked into the mirror then, taking in his appearance. He saw his disheveled hair, his kiss bitten lips, red and plush from Tony’s own intoxicating mouth. He drifted his eyes down to watch Tony’s hands so skillfully caress his skin, swirling them up over his chest and down his belly, only to then stroke his thighs. Steve of course took notice of his heavy erection, engorged and leaking in anticipation for Tony’s next move.
Thank you for reading!
Soon enough everyone was against each other. Even Bruce emerged behind a tree to whip a snowball at Thor, who miserably attempted to block the blow with Mjolnir.
“Well I’m glad you do, because I thought, maybe we could hang out and make up for lost time? I mean, I did spend a long time wallowing in my lab,” Tony joked. “Do you have some free time coming up?” He saw Steve ponder a moment before straightening his posture once more.
“Yeah, him,” Tony said, patting Steve’s back before retracting it and holding the blanket close. They stayed on the steps a bit longer, Tony telling Steve the scientific names of the two stars in the story, and the constellation they were a part of.
Tony was handsome, charming and unorthodox. Tony brought forth feelings Steve hadn’t known he could feel towards another male. And yet there they were, roiling under the blonde’s skin constantly. He had grown to accept those romantic feelings for the man, though, wishing he could act upon them. He couldn’t though, he was far too shy for such bold moves. Plus, Tony was in a relationship with the lovely Ms. Pepper Potts. Even if Tony was single, Steve would never stand a chance. That didn’t mean Steve didn’t wish to know how the man’s skin felt under his touch.
“I thought I was the assertive one,” Tony joked, breathing deeply, regaining some sense of composure. He was terribly sensitive, and if he entered Steve too fast, everything would be over before it really started…and that was just unacceptable.
“How are you feeling, Steve?” Tony asked once he was done cleaning the super soldier up.
“This, my love, is chocolate sauce,” Tony started, undoing the lid so that Steve could smell it. “Completely edible, made with exquisite rich chocolate. People use it to drizzle on their lover’s body and massage them with it or lick it off them.” He watched Steve’s expression, which was wide-eyed and mouth parted, fully interested. “What do you say to trying it out, baby?”
That didn’t mean that soulmates didn’t exist anymore. That energetic force from legend still lived on just as strongly. But the rational mind can over power the heart, hindering a person’s view from predestined fate.
“It’s all dawning on you now, isn’t it?” Pepper responded, shaking the brunette from his subtle revelation. Tony just blinked at her.
Tony stopped, looking at the hand that had been torn up from the merman’s tail. “Can you believe a creature of fairytales is actually real?” Tony asked after a pause, looking to his best friend.
