When the three of them called it a day, Benny and Garth went home since they got paid and could afford to live on their own. Dean went back to the room he and Sam shared.
Dean kissed him long enough to show how serious he was about his answer of yes and how much he looked forward to a life together.
“I can’t use the payphone in town because I can’t leave campus today, uh… too much to do. I think I can come home and visit next weekend!”
“We can’t let those guys sell to our people. Without customers, we have no reason to be here,” Crowley reasoned.
They were in the library on a night in early February with Benny, Charlie and Garth. Gabriel said he felt like doing his homework in his own room. It appeared that their date would have to be pushed back again.
“Shut up and pick a movie,” Dean said, heading to the kitchen to make popcorn. When it was made and the movie,
“It doesn’t matter,” Dean sighed. “You can’t change me. Or fix me. I’m not broken. This is who I am.”
Benny and Charlie walked into a little art store and Dean crossed the street to make a call. He carefully used his thumb and forefinger to gingerly pick up the presumably germ-covered phone. After he dug out some quarters from his pockets, he punched the numbers for his home phone number using a knuckle, not his fingertips.
When they finished eating, Cas cleaned the plates and cups away. He came back and sat even closer to Dean.
Cas let Dean scoot farther up the bed and crawled up and over him, leaning down to gently kiss him. Those pink lips Dean never seemed to get out of his mind tasted just as good as they looked.
Cas raised his hands in surrender before pulling the sucker out his mouth with a pop. Dean remembered the vodka bottle and the cigarette and now the sucker and spoke without thinking.
After graduation, the two of them were going to move into a house in Lawrence. Nothing special, just one floor and two bedrooms, but it would be theirs. Dean would keep working at Rufus’s and also got a job with the Lawrence Fire Department. It just so happened that Cas’s dad knew a guy there and was able to give him an extra nudge. Cas would write and see where it took him. They agreed that Dean could work while Cas would write. When Cas protested that he should work too so that he could help support them, Dean shut him down.
With his hand on the doorknob to the apartment, he paused and looked back. After so many shitty memories here mixed in with some good ones, it felt weird to leave. He didn’t know if he was coming back anytime soon. He shook off the pointless nostalgia and shut the door.
Cas must have looked down as well and glanced at his watch. It had gotten later than they had thought. He got up and thanked Dean before heading to the door to go to his own room.
“Now, how am I supposed to study with you saying such things and being all cute?” Dean grinned fully as he enjoyed Cas stay flustered. Getting Cas worked up and squirming was something Dean would much rather be doing.
Cas lurched forward and grabbed Dean’s face to kiss him hard on the mouth. Dean gripped Cas’s shoulders, never wanting to let go.
While Dean didn’t speak, he did make plenty of noise moaning and panting as he grew close to the edge. Another minute, and Dean came down Cas’s throat.
Cas’s cousins still weren’t happy with them all hanging out. Gabriel was more torn when it came to who he would spend his time with. He was more loyal to their cousins than Castiel was so his time was split between the two. To be honest, Gabriel didn’t like conflict much and just wanted everyone to get along.
He liked how it felt, weird for sure but not bad. Logically, that was the next step and Cas did say they could fuck, or Dean could leave. He wanted to make it up to Cas for hurting him and keeping him a secret. But more than that, he wanted to feel Cas inside him, had to know how good the legendary Cas really was. Cas who said things that a useless guy like Dean didn’t deserve to hear. Dean wanted to give him everything, to show he felt the same way in the best way he knew how.
Even if his dad did drag him back there, he wasn’t done with Cas. Not this time. He would keep fighting to get back to his boyfriend no matter what John said or did.
Lisa gave him a weird look since Dean was usually more enthusiastic about sex. The fact was, Cas had seriously worn him out and he was exhausted. But he couldn’t let Lisa think anything was out of the ordinary.
Under the steaming hot water, Dean slowly stroked his cock to full hardness thinking of Castiel’s lips and how good they would look stretched around his length. He increased his speed, remembering the feel of Castiel backing him against the counter to take control.
While Dean and Sam ate, the older Winchester figured he’d be a good brother and check on how Sam adjusted. Their situation sucked for Dean but he would figure something else out if Sam was unhappy.
Dean looked up at the sign over his garage that read “Castiel’s” and the spacious apartment he shared with Sam above it.
The waitress brought their beers and food so Dean thanked her and winked before digging in. He wasn’t turning off his charm. If Castiel had a problem, he could come and say so himself.
“Glad you finally did it, Sammy!” Dean cheered. The three of them were sitting outside on the curb in front of the tiny little ice cream shop, Dean in the middle. Cas and Sam both smiled.
“Last week when we kissed I didn’t get a chance to say that I like you a lot too. Despite what you may think about yourself, I find you to be rather amazing Dean Winchester.”
They continued eating in slightly tense silence. As they cleaned up, John exited out the front door without a word.
Cas agreed. They stripped and tossed the rest of their clothes near their bags before cuddling under the covers.
Dean didn’t look up before he got in position and started. If he had hoped to embarrass Dean because he thought he couldn’t do a push-up or that many, he was sorely mistaken. Thanks to his ex-Marine father when he had punished Dean, he could do a perfect military grade push-up. He easily did the twenty and hopped to his feet with a smirk. Castiel’s stunned face was totally worth the ache in his stomach from the hit. Clearly, he didn’t think Dean could do a push-up, let alone twenty. Castiel’s face turned back to stone and he strode back to his place up front.
“Terrible,” Castiel admitted. “I figured I’d eat something before my family came for lunch to avoid their questions.”
“What do you mean?” Dean played dumb, looking at the lip piercing Cas wore, and not his lips. Definitely not his lips.
“Hey Sam, it’s me. You know, the brother who got all the good genes. Anyways, I just had dinner with dad and he’s the same as always. Just thought I’d say hey so give me a call when you can.”
“Do you have to stare?” Cas said as he sat back down. There was no way he would miss an opportunity to make Dean Winchester blush.
Dean turned his phone over and over in his hand while pacing in his apartment. Calling Cas while sober made his stomach twist but the idea of not calling him made his heart sink. They needed to talk even if he had every right to ignore Dean forever.
Since the restaurant was in between the apartment and Winchester house, they decided to meet there. Cas, Dean figured, was hoping Dean would come home to the apartment after their date but Dean knew Cas wouldn’t want that after he told him the truth.
September was ending, and Dean had successfully avoided Cas. Despite being a midsize university, it wasn’t easy. If he and his group were in the library, Dean would suggest a different floor than them to study. If they were in the café, Dean would say he forgot something or wasn’t that hungry after all and head back to his dorm.
After pressing Cas against the closed front door and kissing him, hard, Dean stopped and smiled teasingly at Cas.
Over Cas’s shoulder, Dean saw Benny shake his head before disappearing to the stairs and Dean didn’t blame him for bailing. He and Cas apparently needed to have a talk. Cas pulled Dean to his feet and roughly dragged him to the couches near the pool table.
“Got Alastair and Azazel,” Benny huffed as they ran. Dean didn’t bother turning around to see them get arrested. The boys turned a corner. It seemed like they were in the clear but kept running just to be safe.
Sam tried to call once but then Dean turned off his phone. The kid would be dragged out of the dark into his big brother’s mess soon enough, he could have one night of peace.
They found a little hole in the wall diner for an early lunch. Since they were both jobless, they discussed what they wanted to do. Cas liked teaching or writing. Dean also considered teaching but loved the idea of being a mechanic or firefighter too.
“That was weird, right?” Dean asked Benny, knowing he would have heard everything from his seat at his desk.
There was a range of emotions on Cas’s face and as they always say, actions speak louder than words. In this case, the action was a kiss.
“After you kept calling, I kind of punched the phone off the wall?” Dean said, running a hand through his hair.
Dinner was a lavish affair. Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Gabriel and Balthazar all showed up and so did Benny. There was ham, potatoes, a variety of vegetables, rolls and salad. That was all before the pie.
Dean waited for Cas to say something else and began to freak out that he overshared. Cas probably thought he was clingy and never thought of anything but Cas. It was partially true, but Cas didn’t need to know that.
Some of the movie was lost to the two of them because they were both wrapped in thought of what this meant for them. Dates that went well usually led to more dates and then it was a relationship. Neither were ready to start that without careful thought.
“What are you talking about, Lucifer?” Cas said calmly, a hand on Dean’s chest to hold him back. The pressure was light but Dean got the point and stopped.
Dean opened his mouth ready to apologize and beg for forgiveness but was caught off guard. The door wasn’t opened by Lisa. It was a guy, a hot guy if Dean was being honest. He had dark hair, blue eyes and a trim but fit build.
“I suppose so,” he agreed. “I don’t fit in with my family. At all. We got off on the wrong foot because I was trying to be someone I’m not. I don’t know who I am without the power and reputation.”
“Good. I don’t want to lose my best mechanic and you still owe me a debt, but another stunt like that will cost you. Got it?”
Cas had still never been drunk with Dean and usually only had a few beers at most when he drank. He just didn’t see the point. But Dean just looked at him with his beautiful eyes and freckles and full lips and…
Cas picked up the pace, turned on even more at Dean’s words, and he could feel Dean clench around him, knew he was close.
Dean let go, moaning Cas’s name and coming in hot, white streaks all over his stomach and chest. He let Cas use him and fuck through his own orgasm, spilling into Dean’s hole.
“Sammy? The kid’s a genius. He definitely got all the smart genes in the family and definitely not from our dad so our mom….” Dean paused, his eyes going blank a second before he went on to something else, “He had a friend he liked, named Jess. I hope he still talks to her.”
“I don’t know either but you tried. You were going to tell him how you feel and you’ll get the chance.”
“What are we doing here?” Cas asked when Dean drove through the front gates of Lawrence Military Academy.
It was so painfully clear Dean was trying to fill a hole that was missing in his life when he continued picking up similar looking women as they thought Castiel was still in purgatory.
“So, you’re my PD?” Dean asked with slight amusement as Chuck sat down across from him, taking in the disgruntled man with the beard.
Michael and Lucifer were a constant thorn in Dean’s side. They hardly left him alone, keeping him moving and emptying his champagne glasses.
Dean hung up and was content that he left the ball in Sam’s court. Now, he could call or not call but at least Dean had tried.
Anna smacked him on the back of the head and Dean’s cheeks flamed red, remembering the nights he spent with Cas. He hadn’t been with anyone since and didn’t plan on it anytime soon, it felt like a betrayal, but he would always cherish those memories.
Cas nodded, not trusting himself to speak. He wanted to ask how he made Dean feel, tell him all the ways he made him happy and to maybe tell him the truth of how he felt.
“He did tell me he’s gay, though,” Dean said, eyes still on the game. “But I don’t know if he wants everyone knowing so don’t tell anyone.”
“Son of a bitch,” Dean said, standing up to fix it. Sam was cracking up as Dean sat back down, warranting Dean to throw popcorn at him before he picked up his phone.
Dean hated the way she said family, like his was so filthy, but she walked away and Cas put a hand on his arm to calm him.
Dean laughed a little and bumped his shoulder in a friendly way on his way out. If Dean had to guess, Cas had never been asked to stay after class by a teacher unless it was to maybe get an award or something of that nature. They had their next class together but Dean would have to go without him.
Dean hesitantly put his arms around Cas’s shoulders, connecting his wrists behind Castiel’s head. Their foreheads were almost touching and Dean could smell the faint scent of cigarette smoke from Cas. He couldn't help the butterflies going crazy in his stomach.
“Now, this unnamed squad leader tried to go behind my back to the board to get my sons kicked out using this little piece of paper. When the board asked where he got it, he was more than happy to give you up.”
Dean walked back into his room and handed the phone back to Benny. He and Charlie were getting ready to go into town. Even though he was missing out on going into town, it wouldn’t really matter. Next weekend, he could go home and see Sam.
Dean bit his tongue hard, drawing blood, to keep from saying something stupid. His stomach sank as he closed the office’s door behind him, feeling like he made a deal with the devil.
The direct order went right to Dean’s dick and he did what he was told, liking it more than he would probably admit.
This was probably the most civil they had been towards each other since they met and Dean was waiting for it to go south.
“Well, you got a one hundred percent on my final and you’re the first kid to do that, so I’d say so,” Henriksen said.
A week later, the work with the big client was pretty much done and Dean still hadn’t talked to Castiel at all. Any work they technically did together was really over e-mail.
Dean stormed back to the kitchen for the food before Castiel could respond. He had a bad enough day without dealing with Castiel. He stayed pissed off all the way back to his room.
Dean couldn’t remember ever hearing him speak before. It was chilling and matched the cold look in his eyes. There was no good reason for him to be lurking about and Dean’s stomach sank imagining what he could possibly want.
“That’s a little presumptuous, don’t you think?” Cas accused. Dean’s fear that Cas didn’t return his feelings came rushing back. The fear made him babble a little.
, Dean thought, kicking a small stone as he walked. He couldn’t remember ever feeling more out of place, or alone, in his life. He had been here for less than an hour and hated it. Of all the places he could get stuck at, this was the worst.
The dance Benny meant was on Friday night once all of the finals were over for all the students. It was the last event of the semester and then everyone was free to go home for winter break. It was apparently the only reason that the students had their formal uniforms besides graduation. Dean had stuffed his into a drawer. The rest of his clothes were still on top of his dresser.
“And you are beautiful, Dean,” Cas returned the compliment, eyes raking up and down every glorious inch of perfect body. “Do you…”
They shared stories of break as they ate. Charlie was talking to a girl named Gilda, unbeknownst to her unsupportive family, and Garth had plenty of crazy stories about fun girls and wacky adventures that Dean was surprisingly envious of. Well, the adventures anyways. Even if he and Cas hadn’t decided to be exclusive or anything, he honestly didn’t want to go find anyone else. That was new for Dean who had been more of a love em and leave em type in the past. It was slightly terrifying yet thrilling at the same time.
“You boys mind telling me what you’re doing loitering here, parked where you’re not supposed to be?” Henriksen continued, looking at them both.
“I don’t understand why you’re upset, Dean,” Cas said. “I thought you would want to hear that Meg was picked to do research with a professor. It’s a big deal for a freshman.”
“I got the guy who is like a son to her arrested and her bar scrutinized by authorities. She has every right to hate me,” Cas said, looking down at the table.
“Of course,” Dean said, kissing right below Cas’s ear. Dean surprised himself by not hesitating to say “I love you, too.”
That actually sounded very awesome, even if he didn’t admit that out loud. He couldn’t think of the last time someone did something nice for him. Maybe when Sam got him his favorite necklace he never took off a few years ago.
“Are you going to touch me?” Dean whined. He had wanted to sound bored, like he didn’t care, but it came out desperate.
Once he got there, Cas’s assistant said that Mr. Novak wasn’t allowing any interruptions. Back at his own desk, Dean found a newly sent e-mail from Cas very formally detailing the work they had to do and what was expected of Dean.
From the closet, Dean could see that the man was shorter than Cas with light brown hair. His smirk was unsettling and led to Dean to immediately be apprehensive of him.
“Why haven’t we talked before?” Dean asked. He made sure to lean in and get close to her ear as he said it. It had been a while since he had really flirted and he had kind of missed it.
“Don’t talk to me like I’m a freaking child!” Sam interrupted, his voice getting louder. One of the nurses turned her head with a disapproving look.
“I could ask you the same thing. You’re one of Michael’s guys,” Dean retorted with a glare, recognizing the guy.
Dean didn’t say anything, just jumped back. He would be lying if he said he didn't want to but his first kiss with a boy was not going to be in front of a crowd of people and certainly not someone like Castiel.
Dean fell back onto his bed. He tried not to think of Cas and his messy hair… blue eyes… what he kind of remembered of how he responded to his flirting, getting all flustered, and how he must have looked driving the Impala…
Dean could feel Cas’s glare but didn’t dare look. He didn’t want Lucifer to have any more reason to think something existed between Cas and him.
Gabriel appeared in the door to Castiel’s bedroom. “You left before me this morning, what were you up to?”
Dean should have walked away but he never knew when to quit and as his father and many teachers had pointed out in the past, he always had to have the last word. They had also pointed out that his attitude would get him on the wrong side of the wrong person someday.
Castiel thought of the girl he disappeared with and the shameless flirting he did with Jo and then him. If Dean didn’t remember what he said than it really didn’t matter all the flirting he did. It must have been automatic for him after he drank.
Blood trickled from his mouth and Dean squeezed his eyes shut. This had to be a nightmare, he had so much to tell Cas and so much more to give.
“Seriously, dude,” Dean whined. “You’re killing me with the kissing and then the disappearing act. And I still don’t even like you.”
The living room and dining room flowed together giving the party guests enough room to dance to the thudding music, a song Dean didn’t recognize. Dean noticed a couple of Cas’s friends milling about and was going to ask Charlie if she knew their names but when he looked, she was already deep in conversation with an attractive girl.
Dean shivered, hyperaware of his nakedness in the cool room. Cas barely touched him and let him wait.
Cas slept so much better with Dean than alone and it was really helping his overall health. It didn’t go unnoticed by Cas that Dean had quit smoking and that was certainly doing him favors, too.
Dean invited Cas back home for New Year’s and he tried to build up the courage to admit his feelings to Cas once he could admit them to himself. Dean valued the heck out of their friendship but maybe something more would be even better.
Those hours dragged until Dean could finally leave. He tried to focus on the cars and his music but thoughts of Cas kept interrupting. If he wasn’t so good at his job, the distracting thoughts would have caused him to mess something up.
Dean scratched at the back of his neck and looked over Cas’s shoulder for a second. Benny and Sam nodded and gave him a thumbs up. Despite the two of them not getting along, they both cheered Dean on and gave him the confidence he needed.
He picked the smallest and least intimidating guy and ripped the receiver from his hand, clicking to end the call.
“We’re going to lunch if you want to come. But you have to wear clothes,” Charlie called out. They could hear Benny laugh.
The feelings he usually felt when he saw Castiel, annoyance and a bit of attraction, were replaced by almost caring. It was a little unsettling.
Dean got hit on the side of his mouth and could taste blood and swung back. He stole a glance and saw Cas holding his own.
“I missed you,” Sam said, looking up at Dean. The kid was growing but Dean still had a clear advantage on him.
Once the clothes were gone, Cas crawled above Dean and rolled his hips. Dean threw his head back and groaned at the feeling of their naked erections sliding together, burning a little before some precome trickled down to slick the way.
The day of the date, Dean woke up a nervous wreck and his stomach was in knots and he couldn’t eat breakfast.
“And what song would have you preferred?” Cas said, playing along with the joke. He sat up enough to be able to look at Dean.
Henriksen walked away while Dean and Cas sat down in the office. Zachariah walked out of his office and shut the door behind him to face his boys.
Dean tried to put everything he couldn’t say into words into a look. He needed Cas to understand that he cared about him and that these three, while blood, weren’t family.
He thought for a brief second that Castiel might have told his uncle of their latest interactions, but it didn’t seem like the guy’s style to let someone else fight his battles.
A few more thrusts from Cas had each of them coming, Dean making a mess under himself and Cas inside Dean.
Cas and Sam shared a look, knowing it was stupid to not go to the cops but they also knew how stubborn Dean was and that there wasn’t any way to change his mind.
The two sauntered out of the room. Dean met Cas’s eyes, one of them swollen next to his bleeding nose, which added to Dean’s anger. Cas almost looked guilty or apologetic. Dean shook his head. Cas wasn’t to blame for their predicament. If Dean had been more careful with his ring, maybe they could have avoided the situation.
“We’ll take him to it and I can drive. I’m used to taking care of my brother when he’s smashed,” Cas continued.
Dean called Cas briefly, who definitely had a far worse Thanksgiving, and told him it went much better than he thought. Cas said he was happy for him and then had to go as some family member continued to try to talk to him about sinning and Jesus.
Dean watched her walk right up and Dorothy’s face lit up when she saw Charlie. Their third wheel quickly left when neither of the other two acknowledged her anymore. Dean shook his head and again wished he had her confidence.
Henriksen and Dean shared a look and figured it would be best to let everyone go. These people looked like they wouldn’t be any more trouble. But Dean wanted to ask Castiel what had happened. Just to be professional, of course.
“Look, she helped me remember that I love Cas and asked why I’m here. I think you understand the whole thing better than she does and I want your advice,” Dean said.
“I’m not letting those assholes ruin our first date,” Cas said fiercely. “As far as I’m concerned, they weren’t there.”
“Sure,” Cas agreed. He shot a quick text to Gabriel to let him know that he was going to stay out so he didn’t worry.
Well shit, Dean thought. If Cas was there then they were definitely screwed. Zachariah knew, he had to.
Dean blinked a couple of times and just looked at Castiel, an immortal warrior who had just said the last words Dean ever thought he would hear him say.
Dean’s fingers lightly brushed the bit of skin exposed from Cas’s shirt riding up above his jeans. He didn’t want to do anything further since Cas was pretty new to all of this. They continued kissing for a while until Dean reluctantly climbed off of Cas to try to calm down since he was getting hard just from making out. There was no need to hurry anything. Cas sat up immediately.
Cas got a towel from the bathroom after he threw the condom out and came back to clean the bed a little before tossing it back towards the bathroom.
“Are, uh, you sure that’s a good idea? I don’t know if she’ll want to help me,” Dean said, rubbing a hand on the back of his neck and not meeting Cas’s eyes.
After wandering around the Pier for a long while, it started to get dark and a live band was playing along the walk. They both stopped to sit and listen. Cas could recognize they were covering some songs that he had heard in Dean’s car, just like the band from earlier.
“It was a crazy party,” Benny said. “They’re all juniors. Or sophomores? Not sure. They like a certain air of mystery.”
Dean’s whole body tensed at the word “informant.” He didn’t want a reminder of how he got in here. To be fair, selling weed technically got him in here and he knew that but he was fine until Cas showed up in his life and changed everything. Another technicality was that he just ratted too. It was a little different because he wouldn’t lie about it to their faces. And he wasn’t in love with either of the people he just ratted on.
Dean looked at his close to empty cup. He told Charlie he was getting more. She nodded since she knew he always enjoyed these more when he drank a bit.
After the happy couple was out of the car, there was a pause before Cas filled it as Dean drove towards Cas’s apartment to drop him back off.
“Dean,” Cas said, glad he didn’t start crying again, “At least, I think that’s it, he was the only one I was paying attention to.”
Dean smiled before kissing Cas, slower and sweeter than before. He felt Cas sigh contently when he rested their foreheads together when he broke the kiss.
“You should bring them around for dinner again soon,” John suggested, “if she’s going to be my daughter-in-law…”
For extra moral support, Dean invited Benny as well. Even though the two of them didn’t always get along, Dean hoped his friends could put aside their differences for the New Year.
“At least one good thing came from working there,” Cas observed as they walked down the street hand-in-hand.
Dean was the smoking hot bad boy who drank, cursed and did terribly in school not to mention the fighting. No teacher in their school wanted Dean Winchester in their classroom because he either hit on them or talked back or both when he even bothered to show up.
“You still wear the necklace I got you? Uncle Bobby said it will protect you,” the younger Winchester said.
Zachariah had also dangled visiting Sam again as incentive but Thanksgiving was close. All students would be cleared to leave so that held no meaning since he could see him soon and Dean continued to act in the same way.
Besides getting interested glances from obvious prostitutes and glares from scary looking tough guys, Dean made it to the motel without a problem. It was seedy but nothing he couldn’t handle. He kicked off his boots and sat back against the headboard of the bed with his booze.
As he got to the door to the conference room, he took another deep breath in an attempt to calm down. He opened the door and stepped in.
Dean laughed at the lackluster response. He didn’t know how the guy hadn’t become accustomed to dancing and these parties when he had to have gone to them most of his life. The lavish parties and being waited on hand and foot should have put Castiel in a better mood.
The two had a bigger room than the dorms they had freshman year and moved into a nicer and newer building. They had plenty of space for a futon Cas planned on bringing along with their bunked beds plus a fridge and microwave. They both had a medium sized dresser as well as a shared closet.
Dean was tired. It had been a long day of classes with teachers who busted him left and right for zoning out and not paying attention all before these stupid exercises. On top of that, Castiel was giving him shit and he wasn’t in the mood so he turned to walk away.
Cas slid in, all the way in, and barely gave Dean time to adjust before pulling out and slamming back in.
Cas trailed kisses down Dean’s chest to lick over one nipple before the other. It felt amazing but Dean only let out a moan instead of moving.
Dean had honestly almost forgotten Benny was there for a second. He had been so wrapped up in Castiel’s frustrated face and how grumpy he could be. It was kind of funny and made Dean smile.
Dean couldn’t ignore the fluttering in his stomach or the sudden warmth in his cheeks. Maybe making him smile beat arguing.
“Hey, sorry,” Dean started, “didn’t mean to just, you know, stand here like a weirdo…I’m Dean. I live in 405.”
The Novaks ate recently and it wasn’t late, but Dean didn’t want to get caught wandering around. They might think he would steal something and he couldn’t risk the trouble. However, his curiosity piqued so he kept going.
“Okay, okay. He might have been drunk the other night and was just worried about us. You know, college for both of us and you and Cas…”
“I know you probably get off on giving orders and whatnot,” Dean snapped, watching Castiel’s face darken, “but I’m leaving. We can pick this up first thing tomorrow morning.”
“Not that it’s any of your business,” Cas said, taking a normally brazen Dean aback, “but I’m not particular.”
“I don’t know what he said but then you said ‘hello’ a few times because I guess he hung up,” Charlie explained.
Cas still looked a little unsure so Dean knew it was the right moment to use three words he never said to Lisa or anyone else for that matter.
“Okay, okay,” Mills cut Henriksen off, “Look, we’re just concerned that you’re getting too close because that would complicate things.”
Dean woke up with Cas in his arms like he had grown accustomed to. Both of them stayed on campus over the summer between sophomore and junior years to work. They started renting an apartment together and kept it, now partway through junior year. Dean worked as a mechanic on top of school while Cas focused more on school, only volunteering weekends at the museum he worked at over the summer.
The two of them made sandwiches, grabbed chips and Cokes and went to the living room to put on a movie.
“Nice to meet you,” Chuck said, breaking into a grin before shaking Dean’s hand. “You kids have fun. Castiel, we’ll catch up later.”
Henriksen’s plan was to get Dean, Benny and the rest of them arrested. Cas needed to figure out how to make Henriksen happy enough and keep the people he cared about out of jail. There was a more than likely chance it would go poorly like everything else in Castiel’s life had so far.
“Charlie, wait,” Dean stopped her. “Did, uh, did that guy Cas ever ask about me? Yesterday he made it seem like you had a chat.”
“Retaliation for Adam’s death. I see you seem to be doing well with that investigation,” Cas sneered.
It was worth it. That was quite possibly the best sex Dean had ever had. Dean pulled Cas against his chest. They were in a blissed out, post-orgasm haze and close to falling asleep.
Cas looked down and seemed to consider Dean like he was a jigsaw puzzle with a few pieces he hadn’t placed yet.
“I have,” Dean said, not meeting anyone’s eyes. He looked up at their shocked faces. “What? Me and a girl snuck into my dad’s liquor cabinet over the summer.”
On the other hand, Crowley was using it for his own personal gain but Dean and Cas could stay out of trouble which would be ideal. Their hands would stay clean and the trio of tools would still have to back off.
Dean opened his mouth to protest more but was shut up by Cas’s mouth on his. Dean got his hands on Cas’s waist and spun him to press his back against the counter they had eaten their pie on minutes before. He leaned into the kiss and his boyfriend to be completely pressed against him, moving his hips just enough to pull a moan from Cas.
Dean and Cas were all set to ignore Crowley and his douchebag friends, but they didn’t get off that easily.
“Hey Castiel,” Dean tried to say but the cake made it sound like nonsense, so he swallowed. “How’re you feeling?”
The door behind Jo labeled “Office” opened and a brunette woman walked out. She had a stern but motherly look about her, with brown eyes and a mouth set in a tight line.
“Little full of yourself, aren’t you?” Dean teased, but quietly. He really did appreciate Cas thinking about that and being careful.
“Why, yes I do,” Dean said, returning the kiss and rolling on top of Cas. So much for staying clothed.
The Roadhouse was the local cop bar and of course John checked there since his friend Ellen owned the damn place. Her husband used to be a really good cop and John’s partner before he died on duty. John never talked about it and Dean never asked.
“You’re lucky your roommate had a mental breakdown and dropped out,” Dean grumbled before focusing on his homework. He didn’t see Cas look up briefly to smile at him before looking back down.
Cas and Dean both dug in right away. When Benny’s food came, he was distracted enough that Dean decided he could move his leg so that his knee was touching Cas’s. Cas gave him a sideways glance and smiled just a little before looking back at Benny, who was all over his own burger.
There was still enough daylight to see the campus as he walked around. As much as he had already decided to hate it, Dean had to begrudgingly admit it was beautiful. Plenty of trees with their leaves changing color, bright green grass and gorgeous buildings. The architecture on some of them was really pretty cool. Hell, even the sidewalk was in great condition.
The oversized kitchen led into an ornate dining room by way of a swinging door. Dean let out a soft whistle as he took in the sheer size of the room, bigger than his old apartment. He continued through quietly and ran a hand down the long table that sat fourteen.
“I don’t why John uprooted you boys but I’m glad you’re here,” Bobby said, sitting in a rocking chair on his back porch.
Since the next week was finals week, Dean called home on Benny’s cell to arrange a ride once the year was done. It felt a little crazy that he had lasted the entire year at the military school and he almost didn’t want to leave. He missed his brother but he knew he would miss his friends like crazy over the summer. Cas was a different story. They hadn’t really talked about what the summer meant for them.
“Dean…got shot. I’m at the hospital now,” Cas said, the pressure from holding tears in too much and a couple fell down his cheeks.
Pants were about to go next when they froze. They heard footsteps in the house. Dean looked up at Cas and saw the same panicked look he probably had. The front door opening hadn’t been loud enough to interrupt them. Dean was praying it was Sam but he knew deep down it wasn’t.
Dean opened his mouth to argue but stopped when he saw Benny’s raised eyebrows and knowing look. Dean finally grasped that Benny knew that Dean liked Cas and was too stupid to do anything about it and lying would be pointless. Even if he didn’t know the full scope of why Dean had kept quiet, Benny was right. It didn’t matter how long he knew, or how, it only mattered that he was giving him a shove in the right direction now.
“He’s actually driving away,” Dean thought bitterly, “I can’t believe he’s actually leaving me here.”
Dean laughed when Benny looked away after a glare from Ellen who was next to Jo at the bar. Jo smiled as she filled drinks for a table.
“Looks like I made the right call with that school, they’re fixing you. You stopped all that…you know… that crap, right son?” John asked, interrupting the moment.
“Dean,” Cas gasped, turning from his brother to look at him. Dean now walked to the other side of the bed as his brother got some water for Cas.
He built up the courage for this crazy attempt and drove out on January 25th, the day after Dean’s twenty-first birthday.
“Duh, that’s why you like me so much,” Dean said. He watched Cas’s face carefully for a response, making sure what he said wasn’t too clingy.
Cas shot a worried glance to Dean and Dean knew he shouldn’t have outted Cas to his dad but it just kind of happened. Luckily, Chuck seemed cool with it.
“Yeah, well, food is about all my family and I can agree on,” Benny said with a smile. “And I can’t stand winter.”
Dean asked Sam to get him something from the vending machines. It was a rare occasion for Dean to get junk food. Sam listened, feeling a little bad for the poke at Dean but that’s what brothers were for.
Cas nodded as he graciously drank the water. The weather was finally realizing it was July and started to act accordingly. It was freaking
“It’s been awesome living with you, too, Dean,” Cas smiled, “I love sharing everything with you, hearing your stories and you are getting even better at cooking than before.”
Dean cleared his throat and stopped staring at Cas with what he assumed was a very inappropriate gaze.
“Come on,” Cas said, pulling Dean onto the elevator and pressing 3. He was glad he remembered to ask Sam what floor they were on.
“I thought I would be,” Dean said, loving how honest he could be, “but I’ve been more excited than anything all day. I changed my shirt like three times while Skyping my brother, Sam.”
Thank you all for reading, leaving comments and kudos. It means a lot and I hope you enjoyed it! If you want to say hi, my tumblr is jensenisafallenangel.tumblr.com.
Dean felt his eyes widen and tried to stay calm. He risked a glance towards Cas who answered “no, sir,” while not breaking eye contact with his boss. Dean cleared his throat and repeated Cas’s answer.
Dean got up to look out the front window and saw a taxi driving away. The Impala was nowhere to be seen.
“I really want pie right now. The one they had at dinner?” Dean said, looking at Castiel. “I’m sure they have extra.”
Cas lined up above Dean, knees on either sides of his hips and kissed him possessively before slowly sinking down.
They parked next to each other at the coffee place across the street from the auto shop. Rufus was standing out front of it and waved to them.
“I know you have a girlfriend, Dean,” Castiel continued. “But our business moves a lot so I’m new to town. I’m just looking for a friend.”
“Whatever you say. Do you want to get your clothes before Henriksen comes back and asks where your pants are?” Cas replied.
Castiel didn’t really know what to say to Dean so he was glad when Dean pulled out his pack of cigarettes from the back pocket of his jeans. It seemed like Dean was flirting but Castiel figured he was imagining it. He didn’t normally get flirted with so it was hard to tell. Dean was probably just being nice and the alcohol helped loosen him up. It didn’t make sense for Dean to be flirting with him so he ignored it.
“I’m gonna jerk us both until we come. You’re gonna paint that sexy body of yours, got it?” Dean asked, low and in Cas’s ear. He started slowly moving his hand.
If Dean was honest with himself, a rare occurrence, a male figure may have been the focus of a sex dream once or twice. Perhaps he paid a little more attention to the guy than the girl in a porno every once in a while. He definitely wasn’t gay just because he could appreciate a good-looking guy. And the noises he made. It didn’t mean anything.
Dean didn’t know what to say to the praise falling so easily from the angel’s lips but he knew he wanted to hear more, wanted to be good for Cas. He willed himself to stay still.
They both kept working on their drinks, Dean also on his cigarette, as they stood in a comfortable silence next to each other. Then, there was a commotion that seemed to be coming from the front of the house.
Castiel, again, disappeared without a word. Dean had no idea what the guy was doing or why, but he found it hard to be mad at all. Dean smoothed his hair down, caught his breath and thought unsexy thoughts to calm down.
“Listen to me, boy. You are not a fuck-up. You did what you had to do,” Bobby said. Dean nodded at the sentiment but didn’t believe him.
He sighed and drove the car around back to the garage. It was going to the auction and he had to get back to work.
The plaid shirt was shirked, then the black t-shirt lifted from near his shoulders and over his head. In nothing but briefs, he waited for Cas to speak.
“I just mean,” Dean hurried to explain, “it might not be safe if Lucifer thinks he knows something. We don’t want to give him proof.”
Dean texted Alastair, Azazel, Jake, and Edgar, since they were the only members who hadn’t been arrested, as well as Benny who was back from his honeymoon.
“Are you looking for Mr. Winchester?” a tall doctor with shoulder length brown hair came up and asked. Cas couldn’t help but notice the doctor was wearing cowboy boots. Balthazar backed off to give them some space.
“CAS!” Dean said, as close to shouting as he wanted to get with Sam sleeping. He shook Cas’s shoulder as well.
Not much went on with these guys here besides an argument between two that almost became a fight before they cooled off. Cas found it hard to relax but knew he needed to so he didn’t blow this. Dean gave him a reassuring smile and that helped a lot.
“Explain? Explain how you’ve been ignoring me? I thought we had a good time, at least I did, and then… complete 360 and you ignore me. Did…” Dean shifted into a more vulnerable look, “did I do something wrong?”
Cas didn’t give a shit. He had Dean in front of him and he wanted to kiss him again since Dean dropped him off Saturday night, police and better judgment be damned.
“Michael…stop it,” Cas tried, standing up as well. Raphael stood between him and Michael who hadn’t let go of Dean.
Cas grabbed one of Dean’s hands. Dean didn’t like to bring her up, even less so than his father, and only needed Cas to know the ring was important to him.
Cas wasted no more time coating a finger in lube and pressed it against Dean’s hole, letting him adjust before leisurely entering Dean up to the first knuckle.
Cas kissed Dean on the lips, softly to start and then with more heat. Dean kissed back just as roughly, desperate to taste Cas.
Cas turned Dean to push him against the door and pressed his body flush against him, aligning their growing erections through layers of clothes. Cas kissed Dean roughly before mouthing down his jaw and leaving bruises on his neck, possessiveness washing over him.
“We’ll save that for another time,” Dean suggested, mentally remembering to let Cas do that, before taking Cas’s hand and pulling him up the stairs, drinks forgotten.
Cas barely registered that Gabriel had left. He pulled out his phone and held it in his hand. The best course of action would be to text or call but he wanted more than anything to run down to Singer Auto and kiss Dean but he knew that wouldn’t happen. Dean would probably not even want to speak to him let alone kiss him.
Thinking about Cas and the state he left him in, all disheveled and mostly naked, got Dean all hot and bothered again. He loosened his tie a little and took a deep breath, waiting for the elevator to finally stop going up. This meeting had to go well and he needed to absolutely not think of how good it felt to kiss Cas, to mark him up and to hold their cocks together while bringing them both over the edge.
He brushed his teeth before he went back to the couch with a glass of water to wash down some aspirin. The amount of alcohol he had last night, while a lot, didn't erase his memory. Seared into his brain was a very angry Cas.
They said a more heartfelt goodbye and hung up. Next, Dean texted Charlie and Benny to meet him and Victor in their room.
As he walked, tears still blurring his vision, he pictured going on a date with Cas, really pictured it.
Dean didn’t lift his head as Cas came out of their room and sat on the coffee table in front of him. He didn’t even know how to start his apology.
“Well, we’ve always gotten along pretty well. She could help. I’ll talk to her and kind of ease her into this,” Cas said, taking Dean’s hand across the table.
“Upstairs, sleeping. It’s pretty early after all,” Samuel said. “You two must have had a long drive.”
“It’ll be fine in the parking garage, I told you. No one will touch it,” Cas said. After that, he was still nervous about flying.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean mumbled into Cas’s lips before passionately kissing him and easily guided his tongue into Cas’s mouth.
A couple heads turned and Dean anticipated a scene even though neither of them wanted that. A lot of built up tension after five years came out and a big blow-out would be difficult to stop.
“I know Cas’s dad is overseas but he was in charge here before Zachariah took over. I’m guessing Zach bullied the board into making that switch. I think if we get him back, maybe he can take his job back if he wants. I mean, if I can explain what’s going on over here.”
“You’ve clearly been looking for a reason to break up with me so go ahead,” Dean declared. “If you can say you don’t love me anymore, that you’re ready to toss away everything we’ve ever had. Go ahead.”
They didn’t say much as they walked back to the dorms. Dean was still reeling from how nice and helpful Cas had been. His dad’s coat wasn’t warm enough for the Kansas winter and his hands were cold. Dean thought about how warm Cas’s hands had been but resisted the urge to hold one, shaking his head at the crazy notion.
“You think I don’t know my own garage, ya idjit? I saw your gun right away. Fool move putting it here without telling me,” Bobby said.
“Good. I’ve seen enough of you two for a while,” Henriksen said with a smug smile of victory. He stood by his squad car and waited for the boys to get into the Impala.
Benny and Charlie came back into the room with a bang and woke Dean up. He hadn’t realized he had fallen asleep.
They carried their bags upstairs to their rooms. Once they got to their rooms, they went their separate ways to put their stuff away.
Aside from that, Dean worked on building up the courage to tell Benny he was leaving. They had been thrown into the same crappy situation and fought it out together and it would be weird not to see him all the time. Cas helped by telling Dean that when he told Gabriel and Balthazar, it made him feel better and made it feel more real, that it was actually happening.
As he kneeled in front of the toilet, he attempted to piece together the previous night. He struggled with fuzzy bits and pieces, like trying to remember a dream.
“You go to work, come home and drink half a fifth with the company of only a turned off phone so you don’t call…you know… and that’s happy?” Charlie accused.
A week after the dinner and brotherly chat, Sam came running into the apartment holding a piece of paper.
Dean hadn’t realized he had been staring until the guy looked right at him. He felt his cheeks get red but couldn’t look away. The group continued to cause a ruckus while ordering their food.
Dean quickly obeyed and they ditched both of their pants and underwear so they were grinding their naked erections together. This was a little new for them, maybe they had done this once before, and Dean felt a thrill at what was next. He wanted more.
Once he left the apartment building, he blinked a couple times. He came to the realization that it would be best if he didn’t drive right now. He wasn’t sacrificing himself or his baby for anything. There was no way he would put himself in a position to leave Sam alone with just a shitty apartment and a totaled car.
Dean busied himself by looking at the records but wasn’t really seeing them. How could he and Castiel hate each other so much? They hadn’t even known each other for a week and already had gotten into so many fights. Something about the guy just made Dean see red. He was so caught up in being mad and blindly flipping through records he didn’t hear Benny and Charlie walk up.
The following day, Dean got lost in his work. He didn’t need the distraction of Castiel and whatever new was going on between them. The sudden shift from their actual fighting to something more like flirting confused the hell out of him and he had other shit to deal with.
Cas got out and Zachariah immediately started screaming. Cas, to his credit, didn’t back down but Dean knew he couldn’t win that argument.
“I don’t love this job. I love you. And if my family stands in the way, they can bite me,” Cas smiled.
“Dean, touch yourself,” Cas demanded. Dean did. He left one hand on Cas’s shoulder and the other began to work himself in long, deliberate strokes to match Cas’s rhythm, even as he sped up more.
“Well, you asked Charlie about me not to long after so clearly you started drooling, too,” Dean teased.
Dean drove to where he usually went after work, a parking lot of a convenience store. A group of guys were already sitting on the curb, or standing, in front of the store. The owner tried to get them to stop hanging around once, since they scared away customers, but a group of guys with guns aren’t easily swayed.
Dean knew Cas never had his first kiss and this felt like the moment but Dean doubted himself. He clenched and unclenched his fists inside the sleeves of his leather jacket. There was a pause before both started to lean in but at the last second, Dean simply placed a kiss on Cas’s cheek.
He couldn’t help but look around in awe. Three of the four walls had bookshelves set into them, filled with large, leather-bound books. A fancy couch sat on the right and expensive looking chairs were in front of a beautiful mahogany desk on the left.
“Nothing, it’s just so… not you. I can’t imagine if your parents had stayed here and you were stuck growing up in suburbia.”
“We’re not that gross are we?” Dean asked, leaning in to whisper in Cas’s ear as Sam kissed Jess over the pile of wrapping paper they made.
Cas paused to think about that. He supposed it was possible that Dean would buy him something, even a little gift, because that’s how he was. Also, even though he had said it wasn’t a big deal, Cas knew that Dean liked Christmas. A holiday all about family was perfect for him and he could cook another big, delicious meal.
It didn’t take long for his hand to tighten almost painfully in Dean’s hair as the only warning before he was coming down Dean’s throat with a shout of his name.
They ate and talked and laughed. Dean knew with certainty what he was about to do was the right thing. Their desert came and he talked while Cas ate.
Sam walked out of school at the end of the day the following Wednesday with Jess. They were holding hands and he walked her out to where her mom was parked to pick her up. Sam gave Jess a hug goodbye and waved at Ms. Moore.
It took Dean by surprise how good Cas looked. He wore just a black T-shirt and jeans and Dean coughed as he inhaled.
“Yes, it is,” Dean admitted, “I didn’t believe Benny at first. That’s why I came to find you, to apologize and to talk to you. On the night of the dance I checked here and Gabriel’s room. You weren’t in either and I didn’t know where else to find you.”
He had made sure to ask long before the wedding since they were four years apart and he didn’t want Dean to be upset. Dean hadn’t had a solid or lengthy relationship in years and Sam couldn’t wait and he didn’t want to, not for Jessica. He told everyone he knew he wanted to marry her after their first date four years ago during their freshman year at Stanford.
Dean snapped out of his extremely inappropriate train of thought to take in Cas’s bedhead, which just brought the dirty thoughts right back.
“I can’t say I’m okay with this but I’m not saying I won’t ever be,” John said, maybe the most honest thing Dean had ever heard him say. “I just need time but you’re my son and I…”
Cas made no attempt at returning the greeting. Gabriel waited until they were both seated at their table and Cas had a few sips of coffee before trying to make conversation again. It was a tried and true fact that the younger sibling needed his morning coffee before the grumpiness subsided or at least subsided a little on rougher mornings. Gabriel could tell it was a rougher one and he knew why.
Cas shut himself in the one bathroom of his apartment and had been there for quite some time. He couldn’t get his hair to do anything right.
“I have been the absolute worst boyfriend the last couple of months and it wouldn’t get easier, Cas. It would get worse. And you deserve better, so much better and I can’t…”
He was a half hour away when the Impala started to make a rattling noise from somewhere in the engine. Since it didn’t seem like too pressing of an issue, he figured he could patch it up at the shop his dad used to work at in town. The guy knew John and Bobby and had met Dean several times when his dad wanted to teach him some things about cars. Rufus was a good guy who would let Dean fix the Impala up, no doubt. He was a grumpy old guy like Bobby but always had a soft spot for the beautiful Impala and a tolerance for the Winchester boys.
While they ate at the kitchen table, their dad came out of his room and grabbed a slice from Dean’s side with all the meat.
Chuck, as the man in charge, gave a speech. He paused numerous times to drink water and struggled through it and Sam nudged Dean in the ribs when he laughed.
At the high, long table where Benny, Andrea and their groomsmen and bridesmaids sat, Dean was next to Benny and Cas. The bridesmaids were in a row on Andrea’s side. Dinner was finishing up and it was continued torture for Cas to just sit next to Dean but not hold his hand or anything. He was sitting close enough to bump his knee against him a little but that was all and Cas wanted more.
Dean was sitting on the couch, jiggling his leg absentmindedly and staring at his phone in his lap when the front door opened.
School was tough and it took most of their time to study. More than once, the two of them argued about something stupid because they were overly tired but an apology and a dinner date followed by sex would more than make up for it.
Castiel laughed and rolled off Dean to lay on his back next to him. Dean took a deep breath and then let it out slowly, praying again for no one to find them.
Dean could tell by Cas’s wide grin that he knew were this was going. Dean dropped to one knee and pulled the ring out of his pocket. It was a silver band in a black box and he popped it open.
The subsequent reception was an all-out affair. The large group went to an upscale hotel very close to the church that had a large ballroom with a chandelier. They ate a lavish meal of parmesan chicken, garlic potatoes, different soups and vegetables.
“I know you’re going through a lot and I want to help but I can’t,” Cas said, eyes glued to the floor. “I can’t be the tool you use to figure out you were straight the whole time and throw me aside after you had your fun.”
“Jody Mills told us what happened, Dean. We’re so sorry, honey,” Ellen said while Dean stayed silent.
He didn’t care about Lucifer or Crowley but his best friend just got married. There was no way Benny was going to jail if Dean had anything to say about it.
“No. That’s just what my family wants. You’re kind of boring now,” Castiel said, trying not to smile.
“I would not be settling for you, Dean Winchester. I love you. Just the way you are. And I always will.”
That was all the provocation Raphael needed and he shoved Cas in the chest with both hands, hard. It sent Cas back three steps who immediately came back with a shove to Raphael’s chest, harder. Dean and Benny moved to intervene but Cas snapped at them to back off.
“That’s what I’m calling about, little man,” Dean said, using the nickname while he could. The kid was growing like a weed and Dean wouldn’t be surprised if Sam ended up taller than him.
Sure, he was lying and Benny might have known that but he dropped it. Dean wanted to tell Benny he liked Cas because they were friends and he could confide in him but what was the point? Even if Cas felt the same way, which was a big if, that didn’t mean they would go to the dance together. First, it was a freaking military school and it was probably against their outdated rules for two guys to go together. Then, a teacher would tell Zachariah who would tell his father. There was no way it would work.
“That’s what you get,” Charlie said before sticking out her tongue. “Want to go get food? I’m meeting Benny.”
“Whatever. I’m going to go back to my peasant hut. I’m sure you have some gold to polish or something.”
Cas didn’t say anything. Since he was a platoon leader, he had his own room so one of the desks was empty although his actual desk didn’t have a lot on it. Cas dragged his chair over so they could sit together, facing the door. Dean was between Cas and the wall. A quick panicked thought that he was trapped crossed his mind but he trusted Castiel, even with his promise of vengeance. They started working on the assignment as Henriksen paced through the hallway. Cas had his knee pressed to Dean’s which wasn’t helping his concentration.
“I’m sorry for being an asshole this week, Cas,” Dean apologized. “I know you wanted to help and I should have been smart enough to come to you in the first place. But I didn’t want to drag you into this, you know? It’s a pretty fucked up situation.”
“And that’s why…” he paused when he saw Dean, “Winchester. You’re really not getting a good start here. Sit down. As I was saying…”
“Those nights I called, you were all I could think about even if I was drunk. I really missed you, Cas.”
A loud bang sounded, cracking though the night. Dean’s stomach sank straight through the floor as he recognized it was a gunshot.
In the remaining weeks of June, Dean and Cas hung out as much as possible. They kept it strictly friends even though Cas knew Dean wanted them to be more. It was obvious in how close he would be to Cas as often as he could and the fact that there was usually a text from him waiting when he woke up. They would usually just to be to make plans for the day or a silly fact or a movie quote that Cas wouldn’t understand. Anytime Cas didn’t understand a reference, Dean added the movie to a “Cas Must Watch” list.
He couldn’t manage more than that between gasping breaths as Cas fucked him. Every nerve was on fire and he was so close. He gripped Cas’s arm and back of his neck, tight, and they breathed each other in.
“This…” Dean said, pausing to figure out what he wanted to say. “This isn’t just me, is it? Because it’s a little scary how much I like you, this fast, and if you don’t feel…”
Dean nodded. He eased Cas’s knees apart, taking everything in. To keep Cas hard, he licked and sucked his dick a couple times and played with his balls before finally coating a finger in lube. He kissed Cas’s thighs, moving closer and closer before reaching his hole and pressing the finger in, just the tip at first then more with Cas’s moans of encouragement.
Dean’s hand covered the back waistband of his jeans as he climbed into the Impala. Castiel could only assume it was his gun and he had thrown it in the alley when they ran from the cops.
The Winchesters had been there for a week when Dean finally really spoke to anyone in sentences that were longer than one word if at all. He asked Bobby if he could work on some of the cars and if he wouldn’t mind giving him a hand once in a while. Bobby agreed and said he would love the help.
He glared at Dean who didn’t what else to say. For all the times he had imagined being reunited with Cas, this picture didn't match up.
“I know you tell the cops our locations to sell, where we get our drugs from, everything about out little operation.”
“Think you can sell me out, you little maggot?” Crowley sneered right in his face. Dean struggled to form words. “Do you know how much more time I’m facing because of you?”
They both smiled at the promise of hanging out more and it kept Dean warm as they stepped out into the cold, holding hands. Dean had paid and Cas had tried to protest but Dean insisted since he had a successful week of playing pool in the lobby. A lot of kids kept coming back to play and Dean kept gladly taking their money.
A week later, Charlie asked Dean if he wanted to work on their homework after class. Dean admitted they would need to go to the library since he didn’t have his own laptop.
Their last hour riding around was uneventful and at three in the afternoon, Dean was free for the day and for whatever Cas had planned.
Dean sweat through a long and agonizing moment of silence and he didn’t know if he had heard the bedroom door click shut.
New Year’s was more of the same. At the bar that Ellen owned, the Roadhouse, there was a party. Dean couldn’t help but feeling weighed down by the same nagging feeling he had at Christmas like not everyone was there. Seeing all the couples just made him miss Cas so he decided he needed to find someone. That kind of thinking was ridiculous but he didn’t care. He didn’t need the lying son of a bitch, or that’s what he kept telling himself.
They were barely making out for five minutes when they heard a key in the front door. They had plenty of time to spring apart since it sounded like John was really struggling to open the door. He stumbled through the front door and didn’t even notice them in the living room. He walked right past them and into his room, smelling very strongly of whiskey.
“Trash like you are all the same,” Zachariah said, still offering no explanation of what he was accusing Dean of.
As Dean was relaxing in his office, he got a phone call. Zachariah was calling him up to his office.
Dean soaked all of that in. No matter where Castiel turned, his family was on his ass. It kind of changed how Dean saw Castiel. He wasn’t a kiss-ass, rule-follower for no reason. He probably had no choice. It explained so much. Perhaps there was something more substantial under the robot Castiel acted like. Maybe Dean wouldn’t mind finding out more about the guy.
“Your guilt, the blame you place on yourself for falling to Cain’s Mark. I forgive you, Dean, for everything. I always have and I always will,” Cas answered.
A cop car drove by at one point and Cas relaxed only when Dean breathed a sigh of relief because it wasn’t Henriksen and they didn’t stop.
Dean earned a solid punch to the stomach. He would have collapsed to his knees if Michael and Lucifer didn’t hold him steady.
“Not yet, we’re waiting for something,” Lucifer said. One look had Crowley standing up straighter and remembering his place.
Cas’s answer was to give Dean’s cock a few strokes with his hand, making sure he was hard and he was. Cas enjoyed the fact that he hadn’t done much to get Dean this worked up.
“It’s good,” John muttered. Dean ignored him. These grades weren’t for his father, he got them for himself. Imagine if John knew how much Cas had helped him and that Dean had a crush on him. Dean laughed out loud.
“We could use some of the frozen peas, too,” Dean said, grabbing some hydrogen peroxide and cotton swabs.
Castiel continued to stare at his phone for a moment. This wasn’t good. How was he going to warn everyone? Cas didn’t suppose Crowley’s gang would take kindly to the fact that he got the information from one of their supposed enemies. They wouldn’t believe him either.
Dean only half-registered what the cop yelled in his face. In the back if his mind, he thought to be offended but he couldn’t stop staring at Cas.
Mills held Dean as he cried, full-body sobs shaking through him, until a team from the medical examiner’s office came.
“I didn’t…” Cas was going to say he didn’t lie to her, he didn’t see Dean like that. But that was then.
He stepped forward and quickly wiped the startled look off of Dean’s face by kissing him, answering the question if he cared that people saw them. After all, they were on a sidewalk in Chicago where plenty of people could walk or drive by.
“First, you don’t even know if that’s your kid, Dean. Second, you can visit the little guy now. He wouldn’t have remembered anyways,” Sam rationalized again. Dean didn’t answer because the whiskey was again at his lips.
“Right,” Cas stated. He hoped he knew where Dean was going with this but wanted to watch him squirm and actually say it.
“This better not be some cat fight over who took the last mini sandwich or some shit,” Dean complained.
“Hey, you’re okay,” Gabriel said like he had done countless times before. Cas was afraid that this would happen.
Sam called Dean to meet for lunch. Dean thought they would finally celebrate Jess’s pregnancy but Charlie joined them. As much as he loved both of their company, their faces seemed anxious and put Dean on edge. He immediately assumed the worst.
“Our second week here, I unscrewed the lid on the salt because I knew you would use it in the break room and put a whoopee cushion on your seat in the conference room during a huge meeting and Zachariah got pissed at you instead of me. So then you kept lowering the chair in my office since you knew I kept it at just the right height and told most of the women here that I am into nurse roleplay,” Dean commented. “Oh, and you hid my car keys. Twice.”
Square one was a shitty place to start over. It was like the thing with Anna all over again last winter and trying to apologize. Dean just always had to ruin a good thing it seemed.
The following Wednesday, Dean and Benny were standing on their corner conducting business as usual. They were both smoking and Dean kept not so subtly looking over at Castiel’s bench.
“Fine,” Dean answered. He looked Cas in the eyes and let him start. Apparently, they were going to talk now.
“I invited Charlie and Garth over even though Benny said it was a bad idea. Castiel was breaking it up,” Dean lied. He couldn’t let Castiel take any blame when he invited him, knowing how much trouble he could get in.
“You didn’t physically drag me there, I chose to go. So, thank you,” Castiel continued. “Besides Henriksen showing up, it was kind of fun. You’re not as big of an ass when you’ve had a little to drink.”
After they exhausted that subject and ate in comfortable silence, Dean continued to smile and moved his foot next to Cas’s under the table, hidden by the long tablecloth.
Sam played it off like no big deal as they ate the next day at a diner. Dean had pretty much forgiven Sam for the intervention attempt and, to his credit, had tried to cut back his drinking a little. Deep down, Dean knew his brother and Charlie tried to help even if he didn't admit that out loud.
Dean banged his head on the underside of the car. He didn’t think he had been that obvious the couple of times Cas had dropped by the garage but maybe he had never been able to hide how he felt about him.
“I know, brother, but it’s what we have to do,” Benny tried to reason. “It’s either we try to find their guys to beat up or we get beat up for not listening.”
John and Cas meeting was only a little icy, Cas not liking the homophobia Dean had been fearing that had kept him in the closet and John not liking Cas magically turning Dean into a queer. (Again, his words.)
Dean thought about it as he inhaled. He then took his time blowing smoke out of his mouth, away from Cas.
“Hey,” Dean said as he walked up and found Cas smoking on the front porch. “Isn’t it a little cold for that?”
There was a pause that only got a little awkward when Dean’s eyes flicked to Cas’s lips. He mentally kicked himself as he took a step back.
At breakfast, Dean and Benny grabbed their food and sat at the usual table with Charlie, Cas and Garth. Dean sat next to Cas and was plenty close to him. Their knees were touching and he quickly squeezed their pinky fingers together before letting go. He wanted more but he had to settle for those simple touches considering they were in a crowded dining hall and Cas’s nosy cousins could be anywhere. Luckily for Dean, John was miles away so he had a lot more freedom but any teacher could still see.
Castiel looked out the opposite side of the car from where he was sitting at Crowley’s yard. It was still littered with red cups and beer bottles from the party.
Cas knew Dean was still hard because he loved seeing Cas spent like this after he took care of him. Once his own pants were on, he turned them around to slam Dean against the door to return the favor.
He looked like complete crap and Mills took notice. She cast a sideways glance at Henriksen who shook his head with a slight eye roll.
Cas was horrified that Michael recruited out of the high school and now one of them was in the emergency room. He was just a kid and didn’t even graduate high school. They sat, both just waiting, in the gut-wrenching waiting room. It was sterile, depressing and empty besides the two of them or so Cas thought.
A text to Charlie, Benny and Victor let them know he didn’t feel good and walked home. They answered to say to let them know when he made it back after he assured them they should stay and enjoy themselves. Charlie sent back a winking emoji and Dean knew she would find fun.
“It’s hard to believe you had just had gotten your license at about this time last year,” Cas said with a small smile.
He smiled, a gentler one than Dean had ever seen. The smile, softness of his gaze and his hand sure in Dean’s helped him banish any doubts or worries. Cas wanted him, only him, and Dean felt the same. Fighting it did no one any good.
Before Cas knew what he was doing, he grabbed the doctor by the shoulders and slammed him into the wall.
Once he opened the door, Sam wrapped him in a bear hug, hurting his side where Michael had punched him.
Charlie told Dean her address before they hung up. He shouted goodbye to Rufus before he got into the Impala and drove to Charlie’s.
“What else did you find out?” Dean asked, enjoying being the one to tease for once and it was obvious in his voice.
“I know,” Dean said, pausing to regain his thoughts. This wasn’t going as planned. It was already hard enough for him to discuss his feelings and his words weren’t having the desired effect here. It was time to lay it all on the table then.
“Oh, I am,” he winked. “You know what Benny told me the first time I saw you and asked him who you were?”
Charlie patted his shoulder reassuringly. Dean got struck by another wave of nausea that wasn’t necessarily from the alcohol. He hated his drunk self.
Dean found it hard to be surprised that Zachariah lied to exaggerate the debt and exploit Dean. He didn’t know exactly what to do with the information, either. He put the file back so he had time to think.
“No,” Cas responded, biting his burger. Dean took a fry, dragged it through some ketchup and bit it, his eyes not leaving Cas. It was oddly suggestive but so were a lot of things that Dean did because that’s how he was.
“Cas,” Dean said, “I think I know you, or enough of the real you to know you’re brave and smart, plus you have a huge heart. And you’re crazy enough to take a punch for me and you’re a bit of a jackass.”
He rubbed Dean’s erection over his jeans, making Dean curse and thrust his hips up to get more friction.
Cas was getting close and wanted Dean right there with them so he began to stroke him as the fucked into him.
“Damn, one fight and you think you’re hot shit,” Dean laughed. “You even have crappy one liners. His little bitch?”
He wanted to tell him he admired his loyalty to his family even if they were mostly dicks. He loved how he could be authoritative and in control but could also be gentle. There was so much he liked about Cas that he could talk until he lost his voice. Sam hadn’t brought him back up again and Dean was glad only because he wouldn’t be able to stop himself if he got on the subject of Castiel.
An hour later, Dean figured that they had been working long enough especially since he had stayed so late working the night before getting ready for their meeting that morning.
Cas insisted and gave Dean no choice and hauled him off the bed while Benny chuckled a little. It was loud enough for Dean to hear and then glare at his roommate. Castiel dragged a very grumbly Dean over to his room and gently pushed him into a chair.
The guy was on the outside patio that Dean could see through the big glass doors leading to it. He was talking to someone and wearing an all-black ensemble and trademark combat boots. He had a head of dark, wild hair and piercings. Dean couldn’t even count all the piercings.
This time, Cas gave it two weeks and it was now November. Same story but Cas was determined not to give up.
They kept making out until Dean knew he couldn’t pretend he wasn’t hard anymore. To be fair, Cas felt pretty turned on too but Dean jumped back.
“Forgot her name,” Dean admitted with a shrug. “Wasn’t the first time I’ve done it and it won’t be the last. Yesterday night is a little blurry.”
“That’s a friggin’ understatement,” Dean scoffed. “He caught me with a guy and flipped shit, went completely mental. I was here the next week. I kind of thought bisexual would have been a little better since I still like girls but to him, it’s as good as gay which I guess he hates.”
Despite Dean’s protests to the plan, Sam and Charlie guided him to remember how much he still loved Castiel and his moping around the last few years didn’t do anyone any favors. Dean tried to remind those two meddlers why it had ended and how that breakup nearly killed him but they argued that was evidence enough of how much Dean loved Cas.
It wasn’t too hard for Dean to adjust to living in the prison. He had already been in lockup for over a week before being transferred here and it wasn’t much different. The food wasn’t too bad and the clothes were itchy. Nothing he couldn’t handle.
“No, I don’t suppose we do but you are everything I could have hoped for,” Cas said with a small smile.
He was right in Dean’s face and honestly, Dean was pretty turned on. He had thought Castiel getting tough and pushing him against a wall was hot since he did it on his first day of classes and still did. That and the uniform was making Dean’s brain short circuit.
Dean smiled bigger than he had in over a year and that wasn’t an exaggeration. He pulled his little brother into a bone-crushing hug.
“Sam is worried about our dad’s drinking so I’m just going to check on them. You want to come with?”
Saturday came and those in good standing could head into town. Dean was glad he only had the one demerit. Since he had served it by peeling potatoes, he was cleared to go. It was a ridiculously military thing to assign as punishment but Dean only laughed up until he had to do it. Then it wasn’t as funny.
Sam was at the table doing homework when Cas showed up. He sat on the couch next to Dean who suggested they watch a scary movie because it was October after all.
“You sounded really drunk so I doubt he put much stock into it. You said how Sam was getting married and that you wished you had someone special. Then Cas said…” Charlie paused, trying to remember.
It wasn’t even just the sex, although it was some of the best Dean had ever had in his life, but they had started talking more too. Dean and Cas would use the massive and brand new kitchen in the model home to make food to refuel after spending a long time in the bedroom. Well, Dean did most of the cooking as they talked and asked each other questions about themselves. Cas, they learned quickly, was not as good in the kitchen as he was in other areas. Dean wasn’t the healthiest eater but at Cas’s insistence, Dean started incorporating more fruits and vegetables after a lot of grumbling.
Dean kept smiling and threw his arm around Castiel again. This side of Dean was a lot nicer than the asshole he had met on the street.
It was hard not to smile as he smoked under the bleachers, hiding out until the show was done to give Sam a ride home.
The drive there was pleasantly quiet with just a little bit of small talk. Dean couldn’t help a tiny sigh of relief that it wasn’t awkward and Cas already seemed to be enjoying himself.
After Cas downed the remainder of his drink, he allowed Meg to grab onto his arm and steered them towards Dean. Cas started to feel a slight buzz from his drink. He did not drink often and that drink he made packed a punch.
Dean listened, taking Cas’s length into his mouth. He hollowed out his cheeks and sucked for all he was worth, trying to make it the best Cas ever had. He was certainly enjoying it judging by the sounds he made. The guy was loud, not that Dean complained. Every sigh of his name and moan made Dean's dick twitch. Dean kept going until Cas could tell was close from his stuttering hips and hitching breath and he pulled back.
“Now you know what you’ve been missing,” Cas smirked, pulling Dean close to his chest. “If I had known how mouthy you were, we would have done this sooner. That was hot.”
Dean didn’t answer since he knew Benny was right. He got dressed and went to brush his teeth. When he came back, he grabbed his leather jacket and got a “good luck” from Benny.
“Since it seems Michael is gearing up his boys for a good old-fashioned turf war,” Crowley paused, “we’re going to need numbers. Bring some friends by.”
He pulled Cas close, a hand on the middle of his back and the other holding Cas’s hand. The songs were probably too slow for that style of dancing but Dean didn’t care. He didn’t mind the stares either. This was perfect, just holding Cas close and feeling his warmth and being able to kiss him.
Quickly, Dean threw on fresh boxers, jeans and a t-shirt before lacing up his boots. There was no way this meeting with Zachariah was going to be good.
Dean tried not to laugh and give himself away, but this dude had to be blind to think Castiel had any chemistry with that girl.
The next few days blended together. A lot of people who said they knew John came to the funeral. Bills from the hospital, cemetery and funeral home came and John’s measly life insurance policy barely covered part of the total.
Zachariah, however, sat behind his desk and worked on whatever rich people had to work on for an hour. When he finally left, Dean gave it a few minutes to be safe then snuck out.
Dean let up on the glaring and snide remarks towards Castiel on Sam’s insistence and tried instead to actually learn something since he never finished high school. He’d always been useless at math, but he did know a lot of the other topics they talked about. Sam had grammar and spelling down while Castiel liked philosophy and talking about human nature.
That noise alone almost had Dean coming but he held out a little longer. Their movements became erratic and their breathing hot and heavy as they finally came together. Cas was so close on top of Dean that some got on his chest and stomach, too.
Dean knew it was silly but he got a little excited at Cas saying “our” friends. It made him happy and so did the liking part. That was nice too.
He shot a quick text to Sam saying Castiel was the worst boss ever before going to take a shower. Maybe “worst” was an exaggeration since Zachariah had the position before him and was awful but that didn’t make Dean feel better about the situation.
Wednesday morning, Dean again called the attendance office but this time, there was no Sam. The only place he could think of was Ruby’s. He had been once, a while back, for a party and still knew where it was.
“You know,” Dean began when they broke apart, “you’ll have to change my name in your phone to World’s Sexiest Fiancé.”
He grabbed her ass and kissed her possessively to let her know he was his normal self before taking her upstairs and getting her naked on the bed. Lisa hurried him along and seemed very eager to get Dean inside of her. Dean remembered how slow Cas went with him and that got him hard very fast. He didn’t realize how much he liked surrendering control and now being back in control took a second to adjust to.
He shook that away, it didn’t matter how hot he was. He was a Novak and Dean didn’t care for them on principle. All they, and people like them, did was look down on people like Dean and his brother.
In a blink of furiously moving hands, clothes were flying while their lips tried to stay close. Cas was on his back on the couch in just his briefs with Dean over him. Dean took his briefs off and then kissed Cas as he removed his. Completely naked in a model house they shouldn’t have been in, Dean had very few coherent thoughts except getting inside Cas and fucking him.
“Honestly, your first flight can be rough but you’ll be fine,” Jess assured him with her winning smile.
Her mom grumbled into her beer and walked away. Ruby stepped on the concrete slab of a front stoop with Dean, closing the door behind her and crossing her arms.
It was hard not to say anything harsh against that so Dean took a bite of his burger. The topic turned to movies so Dean didn’t start an argument and it turned out that Cas hadn’t seen a lot of Dean’s favorites.
“He shouldn’t have had the keys. I should have been home in the first place to know how bad it was, that isn’t on Sam’s shoulders,” Dean reasoned.
“Sure, gets crowded,” Castiel shrugged, ignoring Dean’s slight glare. “But it’s better than the place being empty. It’s too big for that.”
He aimed a glare at the boy who spoke who was standing a few feet away in a freshly pressed, crisp, green military uniform. Dean gathered himself as he took the guy in, looking him up and down. It was a little hard to make him out in the diminishing sunlight but he looked to be about Dean’s age, sixteen, and trim. Also judging by the looks of him, he probably acted older. His posture was unnaturally upright, almost painful looking, and he had unruly dark brown hair that didn’t match the tidiness of everything else about him. The kid took a couple steps and was close enough for Dean to make out the intense, piercing blue eyes that were staring back, sizing him up.
Cas had told Dean that Gabriel had been more or less unconcerned by the fact that Dean was dating his brother. He made some sexual joke and moved on. Anna had been a little more difficult to convince to help.
“Arrest Novak for murder and let Winchester go,” Mills instructed, and the cops obeyed immediately. “And arrest Lucifer too as an accomplice.”
“Yes sir,” Dean said honestly. If he could see Sam and know he was okay, this fight wouldn’t matter and neither would this stupid school.
Everyone, about a couple dozen people, in the backyard froze. There were several people that were obviously just about to fight or were already fighting that took a step back, embarrassed. Judging by the houses and the peoples’ clothes, this was a neighborhood built largely on appearances. Fighting was uncharacteristic for their perfect lives.
A week before Cas’s finals were going to be done, Dean heard back from Chuck Shurley. It was waiting for him when he came home from visiting Cas and he opened it right away. The letter was probably there since the day before while he was with Cas.
Castiel had to laugh. He watched Dean, who had gotten his beer after he had stopped flirting with Jo, and was headed to the pool table. As Benny and Cas sat there, Benny introduced Castiel to some of their usual crew. He officially met Dick, the bouncer from the party, his close friend Edgar and Jake. There were other guys but Cas forgot their names.
“I don’t think someone who attended such a prestigious college prep school would be so stupid,” Henriksen said.
Sam laughed as Dean drove up. He wasn’t really used to a stranger striking up a conversation with him so casually.
He undid Dean’s belt buckled and undid his pants. Dean lifted his ass up to push them and his boxers down. Cas slid off of Dean to kneel in front of him. He pulled the clothes the rest of the way down and threw them to the side. Dean was only in his socks but Cas got rid of those, too.
He found them and plugged in Dean’s iPod to crank “Highway to Hell.” They sang along to it and did so to the following Metallica then Led Zeppelin songs but sharp knocking on the door interrupted them. Benny went to press pause on the iPod.
He stroked them through their simultaneous orgasms, come shooting onto their stomachs. Both of them needed a moment to catch their breath. Once they did, Dean used a shirt neither of them had been wearing to clean them off before putting his clothes all the way back on.
Dean got home after dinner with Castiel and immediately went to the kitchen cabinet to grab the whiskey. Sam was at the table doing homework and raised his eyebrows but didn’t say anything.
On the first Saturday of the month, Cas decided he was going to treat Dean to a surprise date like he did for him. It was a ridiculously hot day and Cas decided a trip to the beach would be a good idea.
“And I know I hurt you,” Dean continued. “But I just needed a little more time to get my head out of my ass.”
“Uh, engineering maybe. Or maybe criminal justice,” Dean answered. “My dad thinks I should pick one of those if I insist on doing college and then join the Marines like him.”
He shifted from one foot to the other and rubbed the back of his neck, knowing how it gave away his words as a lie.
The girl was around their age and wore a blood red dress that fell off her shoulders. Dean had seen her before at the Novak parties and had steered clear. She looked like trouble.
Cas reached out to cup Dean’s face gently in his hand. Dean sighed and leaned into the touch before something dawned on him.
“Come on man, you don’t have to do that,” Dean protested. Presents made what they were more real. If they became something more, Dean was afraid he would fuck it up and he couldn’t lose Cas.
Sure, they had woken up cuddled together. But Cas got pissed the last time when Dean had left. It didn’t make a whole lot of sense and Dean was getting whiplash. He also had a minor headache from the whiskey he drank the night before which wasn’t helping his thought process.
Dean practically skipped to his car and drove like a maniac to get to Cas. He ended up being early and figured he would surprise Cas and show up at his door.
He went back inside and collapsed on his bed. Sure, he could talk to Sam but what would that do? It wouldn’t move them back home to Kansas or convince Cas to take him back. Some shit Dean just had to deal with himself and this fell in that category.
“You could crash with my wife and I until you’re on your feet. She’s got a daughter around your age, too. They work at the mansion, Ellen and Jo?”
“I look like everyone else,” she shrugged. True, she was wearing the same uniform as everyone else but she wore it well.
Dean took one step into the small room before someone slammed into him and knocked him down. The two struggled and grappled on the floor. The man, shorter than Dean by several inches, landed a good punch to Dean’s cheek. Dean finally formed a coherent thought and pushed his assailant off. They stood facing each other, breathing heavy.
Dean felt butterflies pleasantly flutter around his stomach at the thought of another date. The sincere look on Cas’s face would have been enough to excite him but the promise of doing this all again was amazing.
“That’s Benny,” she said to Dean. “I met him in my English class and I think you two will get along. He digs Tolkien.”
Cas wiggled his hips to let Dean know to keep moving. He pulled out most of the way before slamming back in, making Cas’s head fall back with an obscenely loud moan.
Two people had clearly slept in the bed, a luxurious king. The condom wrapper and used condom in the garbage under the mahogany desk let Dean know he did in fact sleep with Shaylene. At least he used protection despite his hammered state.
They were good, Dean could tell that much. Open floor design, large windows hopefully facing a grand view, multiple bedrooms and fireplaces. It was beautiful.
John threw the paper down and picked up his glass. Dean shifted enough to stand in front of Cas in case John felt like throwing the glass. It wouldn’t have been the first time.
“After everything that went on between you guys?” Cas asked, specifically thinking of Gabriel helping to beat Dean up.
The small group gathered in front of their normal store. Dean sighed as the guys walked up. He couldn’t help but think of when they would gather, all of them, with the cops being only a distant threat. Now, it was like they kicked it into high gear and weren’t going to stop until everyone was in jail. Dean figured it was since they had some extra help. Cas…
Cas raised his eyebrows before laughing, a soft and kind one Dean really enjoyed. It made him feel even more at ease and he pulled Cas down into a kiss. He put as much into it as he could and was pretty pleased with himself when Cas had to separate from the kiss and mumble ‘shit,’ to himself.
Cas, aside from the blood, looked like he was sleeping. Dean couldn’t believe he never appreciated how sweet and good he looked, pure even, while he slept. Dean had a thought that Cas looked like an angel and then he figured he was one.
Dean smiled a little and wished he had her confidence in talking to women. He did okay in high school, but flirting had never come naturally to him despite his best efforts.
However, Dean had an immediately bad gut feeling about Crowley so he went to hang out on the floor’s lounge to try to meet more people. Unpacking didn’t take long since he didn’t have much. His family wasn’t what anyone would call rich by any means and he only had a few clothes and things to take with him from home.
Dean relaxed in his bed before dozing off, his mind consumed with just thoughts of Cas. They were mostly happy thoughts of his soft lips until he realized they didn’t talk about what this meant for them. Friends didn’t just make out with each other but they weren’t officially dating or anything. That would be a conversation for another time.
Cas’s heart almost stopped when a car pulled over to the curb in front of them. It was only Crowley. Cas let out a sigh of relief.
Dean sighed again, still finding it hard to believe this infuriating man was who he was attracted to.
“This another one of your protective cousins?” Dean assumed, ignoring Gabriel and looking past him at Castiel.
It was hard to tell in the dimly lit bar, but Cas might have seen a slight pink tint to Dean’s cheeks as he looked down and rubbed the back of his neck.
As far as Dean could tell, the entirety of the Novak estate, wealth, property and holdings would be entrusted to Castiel upon his eighteenth birthday unless something happened to him. If he died, everything would be liquidated and donated to charity. It seemed whoever made the will knew how evil Zachariah could be and it explained why the bastard showed concern about Castiel’s well-being. Not familial love but for the money.
The car ride was mostly silence with a few small talk questions about Dean’s grades and classes which was fine by Dean. He still had to find the words to tell his father he was seeing a guy. Dean Winchester had a boyfriend. The thought made him smile but he let it fade when he remembered his dad sitting next to him.
“Anything Ruby is doing now is of her own accord. I only control the bitch to a point,” Crowley finished and went back inside, not letting Dean get a word in before he shut the door.
Ellen crossed her arms and Dean snapped his mouth shut. He couldn’t argue with the truth or her level gaze.
Dean glared at the implied threat. He didn’t fear punishment since they wouldn’t find anything. Unless they put it there.
“I never thought…” He was going to say he never thought it would get so bad in here but Dean interrupted.
All heads snapped to the ballroom’s entrance to see who Crowley was yelling at. Cas had been focused on Dean and didn’t realize someone had shown up.
“What are you doing here, man?” Dean asked with a smile, blowing smoke out of the side of his mouth.
Cas didn’t waste his breath arguing with a drunk Dean since he knew better from experience. He kept his mouth shut and simply threw his boyfriend on the couch before slamming the bedroom door shut.
“Well, isn’t this a cute little group,” came a voice from behind Dean, Cas and Benny who turned around.
Sure, his dad had never spoke against anything or anyone gay but he had never seemed too supportive of it either. A former Marine, Dean knew they weren’t known for being particularly tolerant. John always talked about Dean bringing a girl home from school and other crap like that so Dean figured there was no room for change in his dad’s vision for him. Wife, settle down, two and a half kids, all that…
“Yes. That Zachariah guy called to let me know you aren’t exactly behaving over there. I expected better, son. I can’t have you messing Sam up so he ends up like you, okay? I need one of you to turn out okay.”
Dean looked down into Cas’s amazing blue eyes and forgot everything else but the guy they belonged to.
Cas pulled Dean into the record store and decided he wanted to buy Dean the AC/DC poster he had been eyeing on his birthday.
“That’s very kind of you, Dean,” Castiel said. "A lot of men don't even date single mothers, let alone stick around after a break-up for the kid."
Without another word, Dean and Cas walked away. Their taunts and comments called after them almost caused to Dean to run back but Cas insisted they leave.
Dean managed to avoid Cas for a week, even in philosophy class, before Cas texted him asking him to come over. He told Dean the house was empty, so he wouldn’t have to worry about being seen. Dean’s stomach was in knots in the hours since the text came and when his classes were done for the day.
They were close to the call and it didn’t take them long to get there. He parked in the driveway since the street was full from the barbeque’s guests and they got out.
“It’s fine, I was just thinking… well, at weddings,” Dean said, clearly trying to spit something important out, “people usually have dates.”
There was no way Crowley was right, no way, but Cas looked like a scared animal backed into a corner. Every instinct told him Crowley was telling the truth but he needed to try to remain loyal.
“You know, I do live right over there if we want to continue where we left off,” Cas said before mouthing playfully at Dean’s neck.
Dean laughed, a loud and full laugh, for the first time in what felt like ages. He certainly figured it had been a long time at least.
“Now, on the subject of your father, he borrowed a significant sum of money from me and failed to repay me before his death, so…”
, Cas thought. It would be stupid to bother with Dean in that way. Cas decided he would just do his job for the cops and shut down Dean if he tried anything else. It was for the best.
Dean honestly didn’t think Cas would show up. He wasn’t really ready to see him. The fact that Cas was in a row behind Sam and Bobby led Dean to believe that Chuck had explained the full story and Cas’s role in Dean’s arrest. Sam and Bobby couldn’t have been too happy with Castiel either.
Charlie, excellent with computers, always helped Dean when the ancient one he rented from the library acted up or didn’t save his work before crashing. Benny usually provided snacks for their study sessions and always complained he didn’t have a real kitchen to cook in.
get it Cas,” Dean said, looking right at Cas. They were standing a foot apart, glaring at each other. “I have to look out for him, keep him safe. He’s my little brother.”
“I want to go on record stating this is a bad idea,” Hannah said, “but maybe you’re not so bad. For a servant.”
“He’ll turn out okay,” Castiel reassured him. “I know you both and you’re doing a great job. Sam is an amazing kid.”
Dean reluctantly followed the order although every instinct he had said to pound Alastair into the ground. There would be time for that later, though.
“Shit,” Dean said. He stood up, dug gum out his backpack and started to chew to hide the smell of booze and smoke on his breath before he answered the door.
Cas was over him in a second, kissing him hard. Dean thought about where his mouth had just been, but Cas kissed so damn well he didn’t really care.
He took a deep shuddering breath like he might cry and Dean was already there. A couple tears had slipped down his cheeks as Cas spoke.
When he came back from his shower, he turned his phone on and was hit with a wave of texts. Charlie, Victor and Benny all wanted to know where he was and to make sure he was okay.
“Hi to you too, Charlie,” Dean grinned, ignoring the grumpy look from Cas. It was too much fun messing with him and getting him flustered.
“Fucking Ruby,” Dean muttered under his breath, knowing she must have told Sam. He didn’t know how much she said but that was enough. Cas still didn’t know whether or not to interfere.
Gabriel sat on the couch and tried to catch his breath. Cas placed his book down and walked to the kitchen to place his mug in the sink and wipe himself off with a towel. He got a glass of water for Gabriel and walked back over.
“Since you asked so nicely and look so damn good…” Cas trailed off, letting his eyes wander down Dean’s body.
Castiel still didn’t have an answer and if Dean was being honest, he didn’t know either. There were multiple, serious obstacles to keep them apart, but Dean didn’t want to lose what just begun.
Crowley nodded. Lucifer was a platoon leader like Cas and Crowley was only a squad leader. It would have been highly unlikely for Crowley to become a company leader unless Lucifer didn’t accept the position.
It was soon May and Cas found it hard to believe that he had met Dean almost a year ago and that he hadn’t talked to or seen him in four months and that everything had changed in the course of one year. He would have traded pretty much anything to hear a sarcastic remark from him or to touch him. Anything to remind him of what they had.
When Cas’s parents came back from church, they found Dean and Cas a respectable distance from each other on the couch watching a movie. They went into the kitchen after saying hello.
Dean heard movement and stepped out of the shadows. He saw Cas, fire in his eyes, pinned to the wall by Michael. Once they saw Dean, Michael stepped back and lowered his hand.
“So, what exactly do we do?” Dean asked, not in the least bit excited. To him, it sounded like boot camp not school.
“You knew?” Dean asked, eyes going between the two of them in shock. It was similar reactions from Cas and Sam, and he didn’t know how he didn’t figure it out about himself sooner.
“Oh, my face? I look beat to hell because of the guys in here who constantly take their anger out on me because of you.”
They all relaxed in the living room and Jo asked Dean about school. Dean kept it vague but said it wasn’t horrible and he was doing well. Jo herself was Sam’s age but was more like Dean since she fought and skipped more than she studied despite how much Ellen and Bobby tried to get her to straighten out and fly right. She was a good kid and Dean knew she would turn out okay. Dean quickly turned the conversation to something else.
“Funny, I would have pegged you for the other gang," Lucifer said, still looking at Cas with interest and curiosity, almost like he was trying to solve a puzzle.
Dean paused. Normally, he excelled at talking to new people. He wasn’t sure why this guy was any different. Maybe it was those damn eyes staring at him. Dean cleared his throat when the silence got awkward.
“He tosses you out and gets our cousin the help he needs,” Michael spat, stepping forward to be face to face with Dean.
Dean tasted a little like cigarettes but Cas didn’t mind. The rush he felt through his entire body, blood pumping and roaring in his ears, made him hot all over. It was overwhelming in the best way.
They got to Dean’s room and Cas pushed Dean on the bed before crawling on top of him. Cas slid one hand under Dean’s shirt before he pulled it off. Dean worked his hands under Cas’s shirt and threw it in the general direction of where his own went.
There wasn’t time to think too much about it. Two sharp knocks on the door interrupted the little party.
, Dean thought as he hung up and started his car. He peeled out of the subdivision. He had totally forgotten he had promised his dad they would have dinner.
A few of the guys greeted Dean as he got out of his beloved car and he nodded back. He walked over to one guy and shook his hand.
Dean sighed. He was a little irritated because he couldn’t find Charlie and was taking it out on someone he didn’t know, just a hot stranger with a reputation who had hit his ass.
Cas turned and walked out of the room. Henriksen called after him as he retreated down the hallway to leave.
Dean texted Cas that he was about to do it and he sent back a string of supportive emoji’s featuring a lot of the thumbs up one.
Cas rutted with more determination and Dean felt the heat pool in his stomach, his whole-body tingling with how good it was. Dean didn’t want Cas to stop, he wanted to come and feel Cas come with him. He was so close, right there, only needed a few more erratic thrusts from Cas to send him cascading over the edge.
“He isn’t a problem,” Cas argued before realizing it was a lost cause. “What are you doing here anyways?”
Dean and Benny walked out of the alley to direct the paramedics into the alley. The ambulance pulled up and two people in all navy hopped out of the back with a medical bag and a stretcher. Dean just pointed into the alley and they headed in.
“Novak, out. You did your job,” Henriksen commanded. Castiel left without a word but he spared Dean a grateful look over Henriksen’s shoulder.
“Fuck everybody. I want to dance with my boyfriend,” Dean said firmly. He took Cas’s hand and led him to the dance floor.
Dean helped Ellen make the Christmas dinner while Jo and Sam hung out and Bobby and John drank beers and watched TV without talking. John made an off-hand comment that Jo should be helping instead of Dean in the kitchen but Ellen sternly told him she didn’t want the food to burn. Jo wasn’t even offended because she knew Dean was more competent than her when it came to food prep. Ellen’s fierce tone was enough to shut John up.
Henriksen couldn’t help but comment during one of his classes when Dean raised his hand and got another question correct.
“Hi,” Dean breathed. He got up here quickly but Cas looked good and that was making the air seem in short supply as well.
They sat in tense silence, far away from each other on the couch, as Cas’s mom walked in. She looked as uptight as she was, a high bun of brown hair and stern eyes.
Cas sucked another bruise on the other side of Dean’s neck. He coated a finger with lube and gently pressed in to the first knuckle, allowing Dean to adjust. Castiel kept kissing Dean and fingering him open, adding a second and third finger.
“I understand,” Cas nodded, “It just seems weird to be nervous since we’ve kissed and my mouth’s been around your…”
Cas gave Dean a look who in turn, looked away with a noncommittal shrug. He hated lying to Cas but he also didn’t want to tell him what happened with Crowley. It felt dirty. He tried justify to himself that he wasn’t lying because Cas hadn’t asked him anything yet but he wasn’t telling him what happened which felt just as shitty.
Cas sighed. He figured the only thing that would help would be when he finally met his family. Sure, Dean was nervous but so was Cas. He never had been in a relationship and was already meeting his boyfriend’s family. It was a little nerve-wracking.
Downstairs, he found his best friend and roommate, Cas, and his younger brother Sam, who was visiting Dean at college, already there at the circular kitchen table and eating lunch. Benny and Gabriel, the other roommates, must have been at work.
“Balthazar,” the man said, extending a hand. Cas rethought what he was about to do for a split second before deciding a course of action.
The two of them made sandwiches in the mess hall and were eating them for dinner when Cas took Dean by surprise.
The four of them got to Bobby’s and there were hugs all around from Ellen, Bobby, Jo and Benny. It was a little weird for Sam and Dean being in their old building but not actually living there like they had their entire lives.
That was the kind of dead end job, like his dad, Dean figured he would be doing for the rest of his life. Hell, that’s what he thought when he was failing and fighting through his first two years of high school. Sure he liked fixing cars but he wasn’t sure that was all he wanted to do and it just always seemed like there was nowhere else to go. Meeting Cas didn’t change that, it only meant Cas deserved to go to college and get whatever job he wanted.
“Dean,” Cas said, standing up. He put as much pleading and desperation as he could put in one syllable.
That was how Cas found himself back in the familiar bar that had somehow become so foreign at the same time. Cas sat at one of the small tables and Sam showed up a couple minutes after him. Ellen came out of her office to say hi once Jo knocked on the door.
Dean agreed with Cas’s take on philosophy but definitely enjoyed how much Cas was into it rather than the subject itself.
“And we said we weren’t doing presents,” Dean smirked. Cas just bumped him with his shoulder in response.
Cas said history at the same time Dean said physics. Those were the only two classes they had together and it was an unlucky break to pick opposite of each other.
Dean looked down because he couldn’t bear to see the truth of those words in Cas’s eyes. He told John he was ending his affair and that would be the easiest thing to do but that was easier said than done, especially if Cas said stuff like that.
“Dean, can I talk to you?” he asked. Dean raised his eyebrows and gave a look to Benny before he walked into the hallway after Castiel.
It appeared to be a genuine question, one not laced with innuendo, as Cas gestured behind himself at his bedroom. Dean remembered his friends were all otherwise occupied and shrugged before following Cas into his room.
A throat clearing next to them broke them apart. It was a faculty member who invited Dean to leave for the day since he caused such a commotion.
Dean wasn’t sure how long this whole exercising thing was going to go but he was already fed up with it. On number 10, Dean couldn’t help but mutter “fuck this.”
Dean didn’t finish the sentence because his words turned to a moan as Cas rubbed his hand over his dick again. His breaths came in short, ragged pants. It didn’t help that Cas had just enough time before Henriksen’s return to gently suck on Dean’s neck, right over his rapid pulse.
It shook the whole apartment and made Cas’s ears ring. Dean sat back on the couch, looking exhausted. Cas joined him. Dean reached for the bottle.
Dean had to spend one more night in the CCDOC and was grabbed from behind while he walked down a hallway. Slammed against the wall, he felt hands on his throat. His vision came back into focus and saw the hands belonged to Crowley.
They finally got off at Monroe and started walking. A bunch of other people seemed to be headed in the same direction and Cas pieced it together a couple blocks before they got to Grant Park.
Lucifer eyed him with new amusement which Cas figured was a bad thing. Castiel could tell Dean was trying hard not to laugh, Cas’s witty rejoinders cracked him up.
“Look, Cas, he’s a friend of a friend of a cousin’s or something and needed a place. You had a string of god-awful roommates and I thought I was doing you a favor,” Balthazar said. “It’s your fault for falling in love with him.”
Without saying anything, Dean sat down next to Chuck and downed the cup. He wondered if Sam went to Bobby’s like he told him to. They were probably both worried and confused. Dean was willing to bet the Impala that he had plenty of missed calls and texts on his phone that was taken from him when he got here. It wasn’t like him to up and disappear. He had always been there for Sam. But this time, circumstances had been different…
Cas nodded. Cas moaned loudly as Dean pressed inside him. He gave Cas a second to adjust and then slowly pulled out, almost all the way, before sliding back in slowly.
“Get to work, Winchester,” Henriksen said when he walked past their door. Dean slowly moved to his desk but only did half of every assignment. He couldn’t be bothered to focus long enough on one thing.
After a bemused glance towards Dean’s crotch, he walked out of the bathroom and left a stunned and still very turned on Dean behind. That was the second time he had made him incredibly hard and then left him.
Then, the fireworks started. Dean walked with Cas to the end of the pier and they stood over the water watching the fireworks go off.
They all agreed. Their group stepped out from the room and walked to Cas’s door to get him to go into town. He walked out and looked at Dean, confused.
As they came down the stairs, the chandelier’s light formed a halo of light around their head. Dean saw the voice belonged to a boy around his age. Everything about him appeared tidy except for his wild, dark brown hair. Besides cleanliness, another difference was this boy was much better dressed and Dean felt a little self-conscious in his dad’s too-big leather jacket but refused to let it show. This guy wasn’t better than him because his clothes didn’t have holes.
“And you don’t want your father to know you’re having an affair with a man,” Cas said, arms crossed.
He felt a pang of sadness at Jody’s obvious “mom voice.” He started to think about his own mom, the few memories he had of her, but he promised himself he wouldn’t do that anymore. He plugged in some earbuds and lost himself in his music.
Years later, when the two were married and hosting Thanksgiving themselves for their huge extended families, Dean told a G-rated version of how they got back together. That story was a tradition and Thanksgiving wouldn’t be the same without it.
Once they arrived, it was a whirlwind of activity. Dean was sent room to room, fingerprinted and photographed then strip searched and given an orange jumpsuit with CCDOC on the back in big black letters. He moved wordlessly and did what he was told. Now was most likely not the time for his classic smartass comments.
As he wandered, he looked at all the people decked out in their finest gowns and tuxedos. The women had dresses in every color imaginable of all styles paired with their most expensive jewelry. The men had less variety in the black and white tuxes, but they clearly cost a lot of money and so did their watches. In the past, Dean would have considered relieving a few owners of said watches to pawn for food. Now, they had food and Zachariah would kick him out if he even took one.
“No, Sam is a great student. He’d do all right here. My father doesn’t want Sam to like guys at all, like I do,” Dean admitted then looked at Cas cautiously to gauge his response.
As he drank, he couldn’t help but picture Cas in that hospital bed. He had seemed so… Dean hated to use the word weak to describe Cas, but it fit. Dean knew he was anything but that and he didn’t like seeing Cas look like that. Cas had seemed small and upset. If Dean didn’t trust Henriksen and Mills to get the job done, he’d go after Jake and Edgar himself.
“Fuck,” Dean said then sighed. He closed his eyes as they paused, and Cas caressed one of his cheeks.
Dean turned his head back to kiss Cas. It started short and sweet, but Cas quickly deepened the kiss and snuck his tongue into Dean’s mouth who had turned to face Cas.
After a few more drinks, he started hitting on the few single ladies that were there. He was drawn to one with long, dark brown hair and blue eyes. He was just drunk enough not to figure out why he picked her.
“We’re working on getting information on a gang. They’re small time, not a lot of guys, and they just sell weed. However, we’ve been trying to bring some of them in and we could use you,” Mills explained. “We don’t normally use civilians for something like this but we’re running out of options.”
Dean almost asked about Cas’s mother but didn’t want to pry in case it was a rough story there. He appreciated that Cas hadn’t asked about his mom.
He let the smoke fill his lungs and exhaled slowly. Dean could already tell this school was going to be a huge adjustment. He was used to public schools were he went home every day. Now, he lived in barracks and the strict rules would definitely be a problem. That packet from Milton felt pretty thick and Dean wasn’t big on rule following.
“Hey, I’m sorry. I couldn’t get caught doing something stupid. You know that I’m on probation,” Gabriel stated.
“What do you mean?” Jo glared. Cas threw his hands up in the air defensively. He only just met Jo but he knew he wouldn’t want to get on her bad side.
“Used to?” Cas asked. Dean didn’t answer, just looked behind Cas, and he just figured he didn’t hear him over the music and other noise. The file Cas saw from the police only said that Dean was Sam’s legal guardian but not why.
Hell, Castiel could have been on the phone with Zachariah telling him the whole story getting Dean fired.
“And yet, here I sit, a bisexual,” Dean argued back, shocking himself since he never talked to his father that way in his life.
“That’s it? They’ve been giving me hell for five months! Him being here is going to make it worse and they’re going to hurt you too, man. We’re way outnumbered.”
Cas was diagonally in front of him like on the first day. They weren’t fighting necessarily but they had argued so Dean wanted to make it up to him. Instead of throwing paper in his hair, he decided to risk throwing him a note. It was as close to an apology as he was going to get. After yesterday’s declaration of liking Cas, he was all tapped out in the emotional department. He showed the note to Benny before he threw it. His roommate rolled his eyes.
Later that night, Dean was relaxing on the couch with Lisa after Ben had gone to bed. She had been not-so-subtly hinting that she was in the mood but Dean was ignoring her to text Cas instead.
“Whatever it is, I swear it wasn’t me,” Dean tried, arms screaming in pain in the Novaks’ tight grip.
“That means no more fighting. Also, doing your homework and listening to the teachers. They’ve been telling me the most interesting stories about your general disobedience. You also must behave during exercises. I don’t even want to hear about you forgetting to say ‘thank you’ to the lunch lady, got it?”
“I thought…” Cas shook his head and forced a smile. “Nothing. It doesn’t matter. I’m happy for you.”
He leaned back and eased his cock inch by inch into Cas, slow as he could. Cas was still so tight, hot around Dean’s cock as he was fully seated.
The rest of the service was great except that Cas was standing so close to Dean but couldn’t touch him which was torture.
“I understood that I had messed up and I had practically begged for a second chance and apologized. A lot,” Sam said. The two of them had recently turned in their early admission applications to Stanford and were waiting to hear back.
Cas grabbed Dean’s tie and looked into his eyes, both of their pupils blown with lust. For all their joking around, Dean didn’t think Castiel actually wanted anything like this.
They knew their time in their alternate universe dwindled but they had to know. They had to know if the man who looked exactly like their Cas was the other version of him.
Cas never meant to make Dean feel scared to kiss him but it just couldn’t work with them, not yet. That didn’t mean they had to stay
Cas practically dragged Dean into the museum but Dean didn’t mind. He knew that’s what Cas would do. They wandered around inside for hours, looking at everything. Not surprisingly, Cas did know exactly which exhibits Dean would want to see.
“Thanks, Ellen,” Cas said, thanking her for more than just the food. Ellen smiled before heading back to the office.
After a couple minutes, Cas came down and had a T-shirt on with the same low-slung sweatpants. He probably didn’t have time to put underwear on under them…
Some students murmured to their friends next to them about the bold new T.A. Mills didn’t seem to have a response, shook her head, and continued with her lecture.
“Got called in to the diner where he works last minute,” Dean answered, lighting up another cigarette.
“There’s that attitude I love,” Cas said, foreheads resting together. “Didn’t I tell you you could trust me?”
“Yeah, he panicked because he didn’t know where I was last night and heard what happened. I think he thought your family dragged me off somewhere.”
Cas lowered himself flush against Dean, hands roaming over his stomach and chest and tweaking his nipples.
Dean stood up, helping to support Cas whose legs were pretty weak, and made sure his mouth and chin were clean before pulling Cas’s pants back up.
“I’m gonna let that slide because this is the last day,” Henriksen laughed again. “It’s because you remind me of myself at your age. My old man wanted me to join the military and I didn’t want to so I was a little shit just like you.”
Cas fell to the ground, his cheek throbbing and black dancing at the sides of his vision. He wouldn’t have guessed Azazel could hit that hard. When Alastair punched him in the jaw that was a little less surprising that it would hurt that bad.
Dean dragged himself out of bed and checked the apartment. No Sam. Making matters worse, his booze was now gone because of his own stupid, borderline alcoholism. He’d need to get more.
Dean took the bottle and handed it to Garth. Everyone got one more sip in before it was empty. After hiding the bottle under his bed, he sat on it. He looked at Castiel and pat the bed next to him, motioning him to sit.
"Sometimes I grow so tired, but I know I've got one thing I got to do. Ramble on and now's the time, the time is now, to sing my song. I'm going around the world, I got to find my girl, on my way." Ramble On, Led Zeppelin
Cas kept eating like he didn’t say anything out of the ordinary and Dean was trying to figure out how serious he was about using them.
Dean nodded, not trusting himself to speak. He remembered his dad telling him how he was silent after his mother died and felt the situation was similar.
The Winchesters never had wealth, by any means, but those words stung. The guy didn’t have to rub it in that Dean was lower class.
Without Gabriel’s intervening, Cas had the most boring summer of his life. He didn’t notice the flirting of a new coworker because when he wasn’t reshelving books or helping someone find something, he was behind the help desk writing. The variety of people that passed through the library gave him plenty of material to work with. That was when people did come in. The summer was never very busy.
There was banging on the wall from next door but Dean didn’t stop and Cas didn’t ask him to. Instead, Dean changed his position to hit that sweet spot and made Cas cry out in surprise.
Dean still had no clue what to do about the whole thing. He didn’t have anywhere to go if he left Lisa besides his father’s and the thought made Dean laugh out loud. Then a scary thought hit him.
Despite having a hot woman under him moaning his name, thinking of Cas and how he took care of him earlier was what pushed him over the edge. It took all of his willpower not to say Cas’s name when he came.
Cas stood to greet him and gave him a quick kiss before they sat back down. Dean took a deep breath and tried to store that memory since he feared that might be their last kiss.
Benny and Garth didn’t ask Dean what happened when he got back even though he looked visibly upset. They knew him well enough to know he wouldn’t tell them anyways. Dean liked them, sure, but he preferred to focus on the cars.
Cas had just gotten home from work on a day in the middle of October. It had gotten colder so he changed into sweatpants and made himself some tea. He had just sat down on the couch with his tea and a book when the front door flew open with a bang.
“Dean, I’ve wanted what just happened to happen for so long I was beginning to suffocate with how bad I wanted you,” Cas admitted.
He was desperate for Cas to show him all he knew, wanted to feel him and taste him. Maybe talking was too difficult but Dean could do this.
Dean’s blush hadn’t gone away during the whole conversation and now it felt permanent. He definitely wasn’t against the idea of showing off in a pair for Cas.
It didn’t take a lot for Dean to ride Cas until they were both coming, breath ragged but still no words. Dean stayed fully seated, kissing Cas slow and deep until Cas was soft inside him and slid off.
“What, crazy sex all the time? Maybe we’ve grown past that,” Cas stated. “Relationships are about more than that.”
“So, you all sell?” Cas asked, trying to make conversation because their conversations had stopped when Crowley did introductions and they were still staring at him.
“Fine,” Henriksen snapped. “Just know I wasn’t kidding when I said we were going after Dean next. You were nice enough to give us all of the information we needed.”
"You want paradise, someday day you'll pay the price. I know, I've seen it before it happens all the time. Closing the door, you leave the world behind." Cold As Ice, Foreigner
In his own office, Dean threw the folder on his desk and few papers spilled out. It was a bunch of spreadsheets and documents he needed to go over and complete before a huge meeting they had with a potential client tomorrow.
“I swear, I am not in the fucking mood for you to tell me to not smoke,” Dean sighed before puffing again. Thinking about his family combined with the alcohol increased his need for nicotine and decreased his patience. He really didn’t want to fight.
“It’s okay if you don’t remember, you were very drunk,” she said. “I’m here with the details you need to access your inheritance.”
He remembered the last time they had gone to ice cream when Jess and Sam had started dating last summer. Dean had driven Cas home and had kissed him.
The sentence was left off but Dean understood. He backed off just enough so Cas’s dick wasn’t all the way at the back of his throat and pumped his hand around the rest of his length as Cas came. Dean shoved his hand into his boxers and was coming soon after, needing only a few quick tugs. Cas reaching his own climax with a pretty loud moan was enough for Dean to get off pretty quickly.
“Your… your phone? Died?” Gabriel seethed. Cas turned around and jumped when Gabriel slammed the front door.
The three didn’t say much as they took a taxi back to the hospital. A long, boring Sunday of watching nurses and doctors come in and out of the room stretched on. John’s condition hadn't changed and his waking up was still a big maybe.
The sun was close to setting and he wanted to find where he would be sleeping before it got dark. Not wanting to stick out even more as the dumb new guy, Dean folded his map and put it in the back pocket of his jeans. That routine had gotten old a long time ago. He didn’t want to be like the people here but he also didn’t want to get singled out.
“I need your help, guys,” Dean said. “I have to do something, something big, to win him back. I like him so much and I really fucked up.”
The rest of September into October was more of the same at the military academy. Dean piled up demerits by showing up late to class or not doing his homework and his punishments would vary. Normally, the teachers wouldn’t have to be this creative with their ideas but there was no other student that got into as much trouble as Dean Winchester. Many a conversation was had between teachers in an attempt to see what could work. They tried new things to get Dean to behave but it wasn’t working yet. He already had to peel more potatoes, write lines, do more homework and file papers to no avail.
Dean nervously looked around. The guests didn’t pay attention to the servant and grabbed fresh glasses without a thought.
“I was serious about marrying you someday,” Dean reminded, ready to dive under the covers after he said it.
"That's why I fight fire with fire, oh I'm burning inside and my heart is a-cryin'. Fire with fire, I don't want to lose this flamin' desire." Fight Fire With Fire, Kansas
The entire junior and senior classes were outside. They talked in small groups and Dean followed Benny to talk to someone named Charlie, who was the other squad leader under Castiel’s platoon. Dean kind of recognized the redhead from some classes earlier but it was hard to tell. Everyone kind of blurred together. It didn’t matter if he knew these kids, they’d be a distant memory before too long.
In their room, Sam could also tell something was wrong but dropped it on Dean’s insistence. Dean slept like crap after the day he had and wasn’t ready to get back to work.
“Remember how I told you my father is overseas?” Cas started. Dean nodded. “That means my only family is here. Gabriel and I stay in the dorms and then eat at Zachariah’s for Thanksgiving.”
Cas still held Dean close even though the next song was quicker. He knew things were going to get bad, tonight and the coming days, and he just wanted to hold Dean. They had finally said “I love you” and he wasn’t going to let go that easily.
Cas was close and told Dean to come who listened immediately. Seeing Dean shoot come all over his stomach and chest without Cas even touching his cock, face twisted in pleasure and making such sweet noises and crying Cas’s name sent Cas over the edge. He spilled inside Dean’s red and thoroughly fucked hole, adding a few thrusts to get them through their climaxes.
“You said you wanted to talk,” Cas said, glazing over the fact that Dean punched a phone, “so talk. I don’t have a lot of time before my brother will want his car back or at least wonder where I am.”
“What the hell is so special about me?” Dean asked, not getting why Cas couldn’t move on if Dean had hurt him so much already and probably would again.
“But we’re fine now, just talking. I missed you and I don’t want to not have you in my life. I’ll take as much as you’re willing to give. Anything is more than enough,” Cas said quickly. He spilled it all and let Dean process it and he just nodded.
Cas’s mouth was dry and he couldn’t speak. This wasn’t supposed to happen, he was supposed to save him.
“Spare key was in the same spot it’s always been in,” Dean laughed. “And seriously? That’s your takeaway? Not the romantic gesture?”
Besides Cas, there was something, or someone, that could get Dean to do what Crowley wanted. The same way Crowley got Dean in the first place.
He stormed outside and leaned on the side of the building and chain smoked the rest of his most recent pack.
“I thought about doing this at the restaurant but I wanted this to be just us. We had our first kiss here and this is where we said we love each other for the first time. It means more, for me, to ask here. Will you marry me, Castiel Novak?”
Cas exited the station and he felt like a weight was lifted off of his shoulders. Maybe, just maybe, arresting the two of them would be enough and the gang would fall apart and Dean could walk free. They could be happy once Cas wasn’t constantly worried that Dean was going to find out what he had been up to the whole time he had known him.
“Yeah, let me get dressed and we can go,” Dean got up, put his mug in the sink and headed to his room to change.
Dean rolled on top of Cas and rolled his hips against him and felt Cas getting hard. Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth. The two of them, having done this so many times now, got the other one’s clothes off quickly.
Cas glanced at the bar. Jo was cleaning, trying to keep busy, but was glaring at the glasses like she wanted to throw them all on the floor. Or at Dean.
Dean pushed open the door and walked in. It was definitely bigger than Dean’s office and it had a nicer couch and a huge window with a great view of the city. Dean grit his teeth in envy. Being civil was going to be harder than he thought.
“Cas, look, I just had to make sure you were okay. You’re banged up but reasonably unhurt so I’m going to go. I need to avoid getting arrested, remember?”
Cas, totally human, finally arrived and Dean had to kick him out on Gadreel’s orders but he didn’t go sleeping with look-a-likes and he lied to Sam about where Cas went. To Sam, his brother just seemed bummed that Cas wasn’t around.
Dean stood to face Zachariah who had made the messy and noisy entrance. Tools covered the floor where Zachariah had shoved them off a table.
The guests acted as rude as before and treated Dean like a coat rack, an object to hang their empty glasses on before taking a new one and not caring if they spilled any or bumped into him.
Dean snapped back to reality and shook that mental image away. Sure, Cas had nice lips and knew how to use his mouth, but Dean didn’t want it on him.
“That would have been nice to know,” Dean grumbled, gingerly touching below his eye. It would probably be a black eye. Great.
“Thanks,” Dean replied with an eye-roll. Cas knew him too well and probably knew he was freaking out.
“Dad’s sleeping and I’m hungry,” Sam whined from the other side of the door. “And I want to get dressed.”
On a night in early April, Dean spent the night with Cas in their apartment. They had barely kissed or even touched each other since the accident. Dean just had too much on his mind.
They kept working in near silence, just the occasional cough or shuffling of papers. Dean normally liked music when he worked but this wasn’t his office. It hit him that he could probably be doing this work in his own office but he didn’t get a chance to point that out.
Castiel grabbed his shoulder and turned him around, leaving his hand. They stood about the same height, glaring at each other. Dean noticed how amazing Castiel’s eyes were before he remembered he was pissed and that didn’t change just because the jackass was hot.
“Don’t you think you might have a biased opinion, considering he’s your boyfriend? Just stop talking, Cas.”
Last night had been incredible. Even though they started pretty passionate and rough, they had slowed everything down to make sure they were both ready every step of the way. Even if neither of them had said it yet, Cas was pretty sure Dean had showed him how much he truly cared with his body and how he looked at Cas’s own body and touched him.
“Well, the owner just so happens to have his favorite worker back,” Gabriel said with a huge grin. Cas wasn’t following. He squinted and tilted his head to the side.
Dean only had messy dark hair and blue eyes on his brain and honest to God had to think long and hard about the ex Sam was talking about.
Not a lot of their fellow classmates, particularly not Cas’s family, were walking around so Dean figured it was okay to keep holding Cas’s hand while they walked. If the small smile on Cas’s face was anything to go by, it was a good idea.
He planned to just keep out of everyone’s way, especially the guys he already knew, and to try to get that early release Moseley mentioned. Included in that plan would be to avoid getting on the bad side of his cellmate, Tiny. He was an ironically named huge guy that didn’t say much but Dean was learning to deal with him, too. All Dean had to do was to keep his smart mouth shut and not get on anyone else’s bad side. There were enough people in here already that wanted to kick the shit out of him.
Dean did not maintain much good behavior during classes. He regularly talked back and got demerits. He had already been back to see Zachariah at the start of the month. The meeting was more or less the same as before. Zachariah still wanted Dean to start cooperating and used John and Sam as leverage.
“Castiel, you have to come with us,” she said, low so only he could hear it, “you can’t blow your cover.”
“It was a very serious car accident,” the doctor began. “We took him for surgery since he had a broken leg and a punctured lung from a broken rib. There was also severe bruising and lacerations all over his body. The worst, I’m afraid, was that his head was badly injured…”
He sat on the couch. Well, more like collapsed dramatically. It did his stomach no favors but a deep breath and closing his eyes helped the nausea subside a little.
The meeting did end up going well and afterwards Dean was going to try to talk to Castiel. It seemed like the time to talk, even if he didn’t normally talk about these things. “Love em and leave em” was more of his mantra. However, they were going to be working together a lot and had to move past this. It was once, it didn’t have to happen again and they just had to talk that out.
“Dad, I can explain,” Dean tried. He immediately stood and made sure his dad didn’t get close to Cas.
“You both still looking at college and getting ready for ACT’s or SAT’s whichever they make you take?” Dean wondered.
“Well, you were kind of rude,” Cas argued. Dean opened his mouth and then closed it, realizing he was right.
“Not just the hair gave it away. These walls are thin,” Benny complained. “You know I have to sleep with headphones in now that you two are all couple-y and shit?”
“I’ll show you sometime,” Cas answered with a mischievous glint in his eyes that Dean had never quite seen before but knew he liked immediately. Dean couldn’t wait to see that secret place and learn even more about Cas.
Benny seemed cool and it was really nice of him to offer since not everyone is always so nice to the new kid but Dean needed to just walk around and have a smoke by himself. This was all feeling surreal and he wanted to think and take it all in.
Dean couldn’t help it, he laughed. It sounded foreign and weird, but he was grateful to Sam for getting him to do it. And he was right, Cas was a smartass. It was one of the countless reasons he had loved him.
Cas sat tied to a chair wearing a gag. His eyes widened, and he shook his head. Dean understood why a second too late.
He did try to stop but not successfully. Even if Dean was going to try to pretend it didn’t happen later, he could picture Cas blushing at what he said for a while.
He was home alone while Sam still had school and his dad was at work at the garage. His attendance there was spotty so it was a good thing he was friends with the owner or his ass would have been fired a long time ago.
He knew he probably looked terrible. It felt like he had a black eye, split lip and a couple other bruises on his face plus his side was definitely bruised and his head was killing him along with a rough scrape on his arm when he hit the brick wall. His shoulders were also pretty sore from trying to wrestle out very strong hands and his knuckles hurt from when he landed some punches.
