She huffs, but she’s smiling, and it’s both confused and tinged with an emotion seeming far away. “I didn’t think you’d play guitar, is all,” she says, a bite defensive. “When I was younger, I played the bass in-”
It was a miracle John wasn’t dead right now, let alone lucid. His words were slurred, but he could order his thoughts well enough. “’m not good. ‘cussion, stitches, bleeding, all that- wait.” John opened his eyes enough to find Sherlock somewhere above him, and grabbed the collar of his dressing gown. Something wasn’t… “You were in the flat,” John managed, speaking slowly to make sure his words came out whole. Spiritually, he's somewhere up near the Orion constellation, but he kept his gaze firm. “Five seconds – five seconds from 221B to across the street. You… that’s not… You
has eyes and it’s not
As long and as wide as the length of a barge, the Deep Space Explorer was black as pitch with silver accents running down its exterior, though otherwise blemishless and smooth. It was roughly triangular in shape with a great big ring locked around its body, like a dolphin in the middle of jumping through a hoop. Beside it was a tower connected to its body, presumably where people could come and go on each level of the towering craft, and beneath it the workers ran around like ants near where thick power lines connected it to the ground. The ship was the culmination of the light and activity emerging from the complex, like the dome was a solar system and the DSE Intrepid was its sun. John nearly missed his exit, Anthea having to nudge him towards their fork in the walkway not unkindly.
“… Yes,” he answered slowly.
“Yes,” John said without a glance. Turning his chair, he tapped the surface in front of him pointedly. “Sit.”
Sympathy stuck a chord in John’s chest. Also, the chip was grating on his nerves, he was tired, and he was starting to get a bit hungry (which was of no importance, but related). All of this trailed down into his lack of will towards keeping up his refusal. He might as well put some of his obsolete doctoring skills to use on Earth, if he was expected to do the same in space. “Alright, yes, I’ll help you. Just… don’t get me into any trouble, yeah?”
Mycroft seemed disappointed, if his limited expressions were anything to go by. “No particular reason. It might make your journey easier, Dr. Watson, if there are some familiar faces aboard the ship.”
“Oh, I know exactly what you meant-”
“I see that I’m assigned to you, then,” John said, keeping his voice easy. He desperately wanted to ask Sherlock what game he was playing, why he was asking for John after seemingly loathing him without remorse, but he would save that for another day.
John took a moment to tilt his head back to the ceiling, huffing out a resigned breath. Then he faced ahead, straightened his shoulders, and stormed into the group.
Sherlock ate his food clinically, chews measured and exact. “I don't think you're easy to deduce, John. Quite the opposite.”
Sherlock had to repeat in his head like a mantra.
“John?” Sherlock whispered, popping into the hallway. He had on his official uniform they were all given, a button-up jumpsuit that was slim yet freeing in its material. His was a tannish green color, meaning he was a representative, with ‘SECTOR TWO - HOLMES’ sewn across the left breast. He was tying on his shoes in a near frenzy. “Why are you awake?”
“All’s the same, congrats,” John said, taking the last sip of his tea. Standing with the aid of his cane, he shuffled to the trash can.
of staying away from you, John. Even if it’s for your own good.”
“Still not going to the banquet, then?” Sarah asked, readying her own patient’s arm for the needle. She was the secretary, to be fair, so John was surprised to hear that she had an actual nursing degree. He shook his head, waving over the next person in line and unpacking a new syringe.
he says slowly, and his eyebrows draw together, like he’s confused by his answer.
Sherlock was inside the exit bay, but John didn’t know how long it would take for him to get through the second set of doors, the main ones that actually left the ship. John then processed the question, and realized that no, he didn’t have a name.
John refrained from a groan, and instead just exhaled heavily. “I was checking to see if you were
what are you doing?”
So what that Thomas had a cock? So did Sherlock, and that didn’t seem to be an issue. Or did it? John hadn’t really thought about that side of his anatomy, but he was sure that it was beautiful like the rest of Sherlock. Could a cock be beautiful?
Sherlock finishes the rest of his drink and then closes his eyes and hums for a long moment, as if he’s savoring the too-sweetness on his tongue. His eyes, when they open, are fuzzy and soft and as clumsy as his feet are, right now.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh. “They know we left, John.” Sherlock replied. “The fact that my brother is the First Officer is the only reason an alarm didn’t immediately sound the moment we left the facility.”
Legends upon legends of vampirism around the world sprung up, alphabetized but too numerous to scan through manually. John took advantage of the search bar.
John laughed aloud at that. “Has everyone really heard about that? First Sector A, then the First Officer, now you. Sure, I was top of my class in med school, but that was-”
John nodded and tried not to think about it all too hard. “Do you have fangs?”
Sherlock ran a troubled hand through his hair, tugging at the curls. The man truly was the master of mood swings, but that much wasn’t new. “Your… theory has merit. Like I said earlier, I keep forgetting that you’re much more observant than others of your disability…” - John supposed that that meant his humanity - “... and I suppose I’ve been slacking off over the years.” He sounded much older than he was, like a tired god roaming the thousand-year memories that spanned across his mind. John took a chance.
“Adrenaline,” Sherlock explained. “You need nourishment, even if it’s in the form of… that.”
“... out of Sector A?”
“Me, Thomas, Ronnie, Gillian, and Darcy. We all ended up staying in the village, after all.”
leaking into his voice. But that couldn’t be right, could it? AIs couldn’t feel emotion, at least not legitimately. It had to be some sort of ruse, John decided. He felt Sherlock tense beside him, and Mycroft glanced over to meet his brother’s eyes steadily. There was something electric in the air that John didn’t want to be a part of.
When John awoke, it was to the vestiges of evening and a still-empty flat. Thoughtlessly, he stuffed un-socked feet into his shoes and fled into the city.
Oh, crap. What was John going to do when news came back that Simmons, whoever the poor sod was, was fine? All of those fancy words the overseer had used seemed to indicate that he was in the ring surrounding the main part of the ship. How long would it take to get to that?
John rolled his eyes, attempting to look over Sherlock's shoulder while still keeping himself (somewhat) hidden. "Well,
to people? Hurt their feelings? Or did my deductions scare you, that I can peel someone apart as if they were nothing more than a piece of fruit? Call me a freak, now, will you? Well,
, and I’ve had over thirty years worth of near-death experiences. By an overwhelming majority, each and every time
From the bookshelf, Rosie has managed to pull out a bird-watching guide. John doesn’t care much if she rips it. It’s not like any of the books are theirs, anymore, just placeholders to supply an illusion of domesticity. Very few things survived the explosion, and paper wasn’t one of them.
Sherlock spun away with a cut-off growl, hands now furious in his hair and feet borderline thumping on the flooring as he paced away and then back to John. “I told you you wouldn’t understand,” he accused in a hiss. “Also, I’m not asking for your help, so I’m not very sure why we’re having this conversation altogether. Go back to your room, sleep until ‘wake up’.”
Inside, Sherlock is gone, somewhere behind the closed door of his bedroom. Nobody seems to have noticed John’s abrupt exit, nor the twenty-minute-long vanishment act that had followed. “He drank too much,” Greg chuckles, clapping John’s back on his way out. “Great party, by the way.”
John shot over a curious look, but this just seemed to be the beginning of one of those frequent conversations where all Sherlock did was ask questions. “He died when I was in uni. I was doing my basics before I went to Bart’s for training. It has to have been, what, fourteen years? Yeah, fourteen. I had just turned twenty.”
Hello, John. Did you pick up my toenail beds from Bart’s?”
He tried to greet her back, if not for the collision that knocked the breath out of his chest. His hand tightened on his cane and his other arm wrapped around her waist, laugh muffled but genuine. “Hello to you too, Mary.”
The door opened, and footsteps thumped on the wooden floor in a percussive concert. Timpani, bass. Mycroft’s umbrella was the snare. John dropped his hands reluctantly, trailing them down his neck before turning to face the front, hand resting on his shoulder. Grounding. Sherlock closed his eyes to no difference.
“But you are.” John was utterly confused.
After a brief moment, long fingers reached down to help John free his arm carefully from his sleeve. John winced, any movement tender, but there wasn’t much time left to go slow. When his shoulder was fully free, Sherlock gasped. His hand darted from John’s skin as if it was a burning stovetop.
“Doing God’s work, Mike.”
ME: Mycroft is hinting at a consciousness upload. It may be nearer than we think. Would that be something interesting to you?
miniscule one, at that. But I don’t… wait, where did this even come from, anyway?”
Sherlock shook his head, knowing his eyes were far too wide. “You’re...” With a distressed sound he gripped John’s biceps, hoping his words hit. “You’re drunk. And you’re getting married.”
Only… they didn’t
“I’m on a third method, one that I’ve developed alongside a specialized group dedicated to eradicating the drinking of blood altogether. You may call this group the British government. Well, some of it. Mostly related to my brother.”
Footsteps approaching. “John,” he said, gripping John’s hand in both of his with smooth, kneading rolls. He was trembling, unable to stop. “There’s... there’s something I’ve been meaning to tell you. For quite some time.”
His only has one room, no doors, and a window that opens up to the roaming moors where his grandparents had lived. Inside, the living room of 221B is as much of a clone to its real-life counterpart as John could ever manage. It’s not perfect, but he’s not using it for the storage of tobacco ash and/or various melting points, so it fulfills its purpose just fine.
Sherlock quirked his lips. “It’s fine, I’m sure I can handle it. Just focus on breathing.”
“John…”
“Don’t bother. You were planning on them being a surprise, I’d rather wait and see if you can manage to catch me unawares.”
“I was in medical school in ‘95,” John muses.
Sherlock watches him, his eyes full of unabashed fondness. Is that the wrong word? Full of something soft and lovely, rather. John’s never seen eyes quite like that before. Sherlock moves his hand from John’s shoulder down his arm, so it covers the one against his side.
Sherlock just settled for a quiet “Ah,” merging over into the next lane smoothly. John swallowed, feeling a sheen of sweat begin underneath his tee.
She shook her head. “Something about suicide,” she said, but didn’t seem convinced. “There’s been a few suicides in the news, recently, and it seems rather cut-and-dry. But I’m no detective.” She shrugged and gave a small, if polite smile. “He wants you there as soon as possible. If you’d like, I could-”
“Even John,” Mycroft said smoothly, fingers flexing around his umbrella’s handle. “Punishment decisions always fall to the first officer, you have no need to worry. I’ll make sure this never happens again.”
“I saw the CCTV footage,” Mycroft said simply the next week, after the incident with the firepit and the train. Sherlock was at the counter working on an experiment, finding himself not minding the company as much as he should have. “A few days ago, I saw your Doctor Watson arriving at 221B and leaving the following morning. I suppose he has given you his forgiveness?”
“Until Sherlock Holmes, that is. I’d say he came around, what, seventy years ago? The land was sacred during this time, still in an old enough age that people believed in the legends of the moors. He had white skin, and fathomless black eyes. He was looking for his mate, a beautiful woman brilliant red eyes, and he would not stop his frenzy until he found her. Turns out she had been hiding from town to town, leaving breadcrumbs. Like that fairytale. It ended in Stansex.
John hit rock bottom. The
, there was a foot-thick pillar rooted to the floor. That would have to do. Taking an end of the massive rope he lugged in, he tied it expertly around the root and tugged at it with his weight to make sure it would hold. He leaned back through the door.
” Sherlock muttered in a breaking voice, before pulling him in for a tight and awkward embrace.
“Holy water?”
The panic had faded as quickly as it appeared, which is a slap in the face, if John’s being completely honest. The most important decision of his life (sorry, Mary), all thrown off by a bit of hyperventilation that
His hand was quick and tight around them both, but he needed something to push him over the edge. Just a little something, a tiny bit of-
mean, he thought with a newfound sense of alarm. The doors closed, and the elevator shot upwards to the top of the complex. John felt that weightless feeling from earlier, where his stomach grew heavy and he could feel every detailed throb of his heart. If he closed his eyes, he was sure that he’d vomit, so he instead gripped the railing and waited for the brief ride to end.
ME: If we introduce robotics, however…
For once, Sherlock doesn’t comment on John’s redundancy. “Yes. Briefly. It was during secondary school, when I was eighteen, and it encompassed my attention that whole summer. This is the same brand, perhaps even the same model. Seeing it… took me by surprise.”
John cocked his head, though the man couldn’t see. “You’re going to kill me,” he said.
When he pulled it out, he was holding a card. “My number,” he said. John took it carefully. “I have experience with a Holmes, and I know they are… nothing like we’ve ever seen before. If you have any questions, any at all, I’m who you call first, alright?”
Sherlock
“If Sherlock Holmes ever returns to the moors, namely on Stansex territory, an ancient curse will be freed and, in overall terms, something bad will happen.” She laughed at that, a disbelieving noise. She took his silence as disappointment. “I told you, just a boring old legend. Are you ready to go back to the group, or…?”
“Shut up,” John nearly growled to himself. At Molly’s simmering look, he tried to appease. “Okay, so there is a possibility… a
John winced, brows crossed in thought. He reached his spare hand back into the drawer and tossed Sherlock a condom packet. “No need,” he managed. “I’m nearly finished.”
LOG 1.379
And then Sherlock’s face shatters, so wonderful and horrible all at once, and John’s nose is squashed against his neck when his arms pull him back and tighten, elbows hooked around his shoulders and chest shaking in quiet sobs. John goes willingly and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist, murmuring words into his skin that he couldn’t remember if he tried. They’re broken, John knows, and all that’s left for them is to shudder together through the pulsing waves and try not to drown.
Eventually, one of them bid the other night, but John hadn’t the faintest who.
“Mind if I sit here?” John questioned, gesturing to the empty space. With wide eyes, Thirteen nodded and returned hesitantly back to his fiddling, curls bouncing. John clasped his hands together, all the while feeling like a father trying to connect with his son, and a shabby father at that.
Across the dining hall, facing away but unmistakable, Sherlock’s shoulders were shaking once again and the people around him were giving him odd looks. He could’ve been crying, but John knew
Sherlock scoffs and smiles, but it doesn’t quite reach his eyes. “I really was a prick back then, wasn’t I?”
“What about him?” He asked with careful nonchalance.
Sherlock was surprised John still remembered that first time, but the emotion was short-lived and soon morphed into a dizzying burst of pleasure as John mouthed his nipple wetly through his thin shirt. He came with a cut-off groan, unable to stop himself from seeking John’s mouth out again and pressing them together as if he required it like oxygen. His hands slid off John’s arse to dig his fingers into his back.
But it wasn’t anybody else. It was Sherlock Holmes, the achingly beautiful man that seemed stuck in the balance between pulling John closer and pushing him away. The man that frowned as much as he smiled. The absolute, unmatched genius that should have no interest in John, in his ordinariness nor his simple mind. The facts remained, with no regard for right or wrong; Sherlock was interested in John. Whether it was platonic or not, John couldn’t tell, but he almost didn’t mind the answer. Almost.
The light turned green, but Sherlock kept John’s eyes in his. “I am no stranger to murder. In any definition of the word.”
Mind Palace. A gun in his hands, forced to choose. Mycroft or John. His head or his heart. His heart is what got him into this bloody mess in the first place. It was his head, however damaged it may be, that would need to pull them out of this mess as it always had. John was what ruined him, and it would take Mycroft to make things right again.
He remembered last night.
“Pardon?”
Dinner’s been picked up from the table, Rosie’s high-chair wiped clean of sauce, and there’s a stack of used dishes and cookware next to the sink. Sherlock’s up to his forearms in soapy water, and doesn’t turn when John walks in. He’s washing dishes.
Somewhat unsettled, John was about to bid Mike farewell and make the miserable trek back home, but Mike beat him to it. “Say, you said you needed a job, yeah?”
“What did you hear?”
Sherlock slid out of bed and dug into the shoebox beneath his bed. This was a problem that demanded his last supply of cigarettes. He chain-smoked them out the window until dawn.
John smiled helplessly back. “Of course I do. I’m still surprised that you never figured it out, I thought I was being painfully obvious.”
John reaches out and touches his shoulder.
Fantastic. What now, I shouldn’t be so
Sherlock Holmes telling him to follow social niceties. Bizarre. Luckily, he didn’t need the reminder. “I can handle having a chat with another bloke, Sherlock. Shall we, now?”
Greg recognizes it first. “Oh, Oh! I know it, what’s the name again?”
His lips twitched. “Aren’t hungry.”
John rolled his eyes, and then turned around to study the bay. Beneath the window where Dimmock and co. had their noses pressed against the glass, there was a control table. Beneath
“That was…” Sherlock started, and then stopped. He shook his head with a frown. “Good. It was good.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “I don’t mind.”
“So,” she said, lips quirking. “Dinner?”
RJ nodded seriously. “When our ship leaves, it’ll take all the energy. No more electricity on Earth, no more communicating with Earth.” The last part was said softly. “No more AI.”
his shoulder throbbing from the possible stress that would come.
John nodded. “And you?” He said, unwilling to let the conversation go right away. “What’s your ‘type’?”
Dr. Watson.”
letting me know that you two took a little joyride on the hyper-rail. What were you thinking? I know damn well that John here wasn’t the ‘mastermind’ behind this.”
Sherlock nearly screamed, gesturing wildly at the flat. “I shouldn’t want this! I shouldn’t wish for you to get drunk so I can touch you, I shouldn’t think about you whenever you’re not here, I shouldn’t…” His eyes were red whenever he fixed them onto John. “I shouldn’t want you.”
Sherlock opens his mouth, and then closes it again. His fingers squeeze lightly where they’re wrapped around Rosie’s leg. “I’m not going to use it,” he says quietly, though there’s a longing in his eyes as he tilts the pipe this way and that in his hand. Any moment now, his lower lip will push out into a pout.
They pulled into a line of buildings with a proper parking lot, not at Canary Wharf but somewhere smaller and strung up with lights. Sherlock parked directly in front of the foremost one, a sort of Asian restaurant, and John furrowed his brows. “Why aren’t we at home?”
“Talk to you later, John,” she said, voice thick with implications. It haunted him, floating around his head as he climbed the stairs with limp-free legs, and to the front area. He spotted Sherlock just outside the doors, hands rifling through his greatcoat’s pockets.
“... then I’m sure he’s a
“Hello, John. Ta for the coffee. How’s the shoulder by the way? It’s going to rain soon, I know that’s when it gives you trouble.” Her words were rapid as she accepted the latte, so unlike her usual demeanor. While her figure was calm, he could practically feel the energy thrumming around her.
Sherlock swallows. “John,” he murmurs, his baritone caressing the name like silk. John can feel that voice, too-deep and rich, in his bones through the flesh and muscles that they’re connected by. His breath brushes his cheek. “Are you ready to tell me? That… something?”
When he came in Friday morning, half asleep and one sock slipped halfway down his foot, it was to a smile.
Sherlock muttered something incoherent. John leaned in further. “Sorry?”
“Your brother is a vampire as well?” John had suspected as much.
Sherlock scoffed. “Oh, yes, why don’t I pick up any old veteran army doctor from the street, give you a friend.”
. John shook the upload away with an irritated noise, and stepped forward.
Then he was tugging at Sherlock’s sleeve and wrapping his arms around his middle, burying his face into his chest. He was like ice whenever Sherlock returned the embrace, achingly careful at the privilege of such intimacy, and then it was water unfurling from a dam whenever John let out a pained little sound, hands tightening at Sherlock’s back.
The falter is all Sherlock needs to come in for the kill, bracing his hands on his armrests and leaning forward in an oddly predatorial move. “Why. Is. It. Important?” he enunciates. He’s nearly smiling, but there’s no humor in it. He’s sharply reminiscent of the man John had first met at Bart’s. “You seem to have an obsession with my private life, emphasizing on sexuality, where you’re constantly skirting around the issue with passive aggression and thinly-veiled jealousy. Jealousy for what? Glad you asked, because I have absolutely no idea, seeing as you’ve spent every waking moment assuring the world that ‘John Watson is
“Oh, right.” He squeezed his eyes shut for a beat, something people shouldn’t do whilst
he means the world to me-”
Another coke was brought, and John ordered the grilled prawns with fried rice. Sherlock ordered nothing.
Well, Sherlock did. John, underestimating the drop as well as the stiffness of his bad leg after four hours of disuse, hit the pavement wrong and nearly crumpled to the concrete. But then Sherlock was there, a cool arm wrapped around his waist to steady him before his knees could make contact.
John didn’t hesitate for a second. “I can’t believe that.”
John blinked slowly, confused but trying not to make the girl even more anxious. “There’s a banquet?”
“Wait,” John protested. “You said that it’s too dangerous to bring the stairs back. What does that mean for a person right below the ship?”
“There,” Sherlock grumbled, reaching back over to pick up his book. After another squint in John’s direction, he curled up his long legs and continued reading. John knew better than to push for dessert, but he’d get there eventually.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Sarah. The woman you bring coffee to in the mornings. Brown hair, plain face. You know, the-”
ME: However, I’ll bite. How do you suppose we familiarize ourselves?
Sherlock met his eyes levelly. “Because I want to learn everything I can about you, even if it means resorting to live experimentations. You’re the only one I can’t deduce, John, and you’re right. It drives me utterly
“I could tell,” John wheezed.
“Would you…” He shifts a bit, hesitantly, angling out the body of the guitar to give room. His eyes flicker away. “Would you like to try?”
Here were the facts: as was the way of life, there was important information Sherlock was keeping to himself.
That dropped the smirk right off of Mycroft’s posh face. He opened his mouth, but he couldn’t find the words to say.
Rosie allows herself to be hugged and kissed on the forehead, only for a moment. Before long she is pushing away from John, intent to toddle her way to the bookshelf beside the fireplace. He feels Sherlock’s eyes on the side of his face.
And god, was it cold. Freezing, really. For a world so hot and sweltering in the daytime, John’s fingertips were immediately numbing in the presence of such dry, frigid air. “Thanks for the warning,” he said, body braced against the train as it started to gradually speed up. His teeth were beginning to chatter.
“Stop that!” Sherlock barked, holding John’s head in his hands to keep it still. The frigid skin acted like a cooler against John’s throbbing skull, and Sherlock’s breath washed over his face as he murmured, mesmerizing him. “I was walking with you to the store, I told you this. You were so angry, John, you must’ve paid me no mind. We crossed the street, and a car came barreling from a wrong turn, so I pushed you out of the way. You hit your head quite badly, honestly, if you’re saying these things.” Sherlock leaned in closer, and it would be intimidating if not for how much John wished to bridge the gap. His voice went softer beneath the frantic crowd. “It would be impossible for me to reach you here from the flat in just five seconds. A pure, natural impossibility. So why humor it?”
clear outside, these windows are practically military grade.”
The hand disappeared. “Oh, sorry,” John commented, eyes slightly hazy when he looked over. Then his gaze fell to Sherlock’s mouth. “My mistake,” he muttered, wetting his lips before turning back to Lestrade.
ME: It’s okay for you to mention, I’ve avoided the topic enough. I’ll never finish mourning... Not for the rest of my life, I’d imagine. I’m not even sure it’s gotten less painful, only easier to endure.
“Alright, alright. Sleep in a coffin?”
“Good morning,” Sherlock finally said, carefully.
The air conditioning hit John head-on when he passed through the automatic doors, ruffling his hair and chilling his sweat-dampened skin. He nodded to the receptionist, ready to take the rail back to his house, before he was stopped. “Mr. Watson,” the receptionist said, “If you could wait one more moment, please.”
John blinked his eyes open, shaking out his drowsiness. With the adrenaline crash, full stomach, and dreamlike quality of conversation, it really was easy to fall into sleep. “Mainly my abdomen. More aches than anything, and I’m thinking a bruised rib.” He rubbed at his eyes. “Really, Sherlock, this is what I
Mycroft switched tactics. “How’s the PTSD, then, brother mine?”
She didn’t seem sheepish in the slightest, only increasing in volume with a more manic smile taking its place. “That’s it, isn’t it? I knew something was off during the Gala, you two were glued to each others’ hip the whole time! Let alone him staring daggers whenever you danced with anyone else, or you scanning the whole room if you couldn't see him. It was a wonder I was able to drag him away and ask him if he’d like to come back to the dormitories with me.”
“You’ve heard of them?”
For a long moment, Sherlock just stares at the pipe in his hands, blinking furiously as if he’s battling something in that great mind of his. And then a piece in his expression breaks, and he sets the box down to scrub his hands over his face, propped up on the table. John watches, alarmed, as he takes in a slow, shaky gulp of air. And then: “You should warn me,” he says in a gruff voice, muffled by his palms. “When you. Do that. When you say those things.”
Sherlock’s perched on the desk, his feet atop the stool and toes bare beneath the hem of his pajama bottoms. Is he cold? He looks aimlessly out the window, guitar propped on his thighs, soft fingertips plucking the strings in the barebones of a familiar melody. There’s no need to turn on the lights, not when the snow outside against the dawning sky illuminates the flat just as well as pale sunlight. The floorboard creaks beneath John’s feet. Sherlock stops, but doesn’t turn his head.
“No,” Sherlock admitted, almost delightfully unapologetic. He looked to John with a twinkle in his eyes. “But fun.”
“My findings,” John said slowly. Sherlock scowled, but didn’t say anything more as John mulled it over.
“Damn,” John said. He shifted in his seat, uncomfortable. “Don’t laugh, then.”
“Play a Christmas song!” Mrs. Hudson suggests.
John nodded, hesitantly, then turned to rush down the stairs. Out in the street he had to jog to catch up, to where Sherlock was walking along the sidewalk the opposite way they had arrived. If John wasn’t there, he’s sure the man would’ve already disappeared with the superhuman speed he’s only seen on occasion; he was lucky enough Sherlock’s strides weren’t too big to match, as is.
John smiled at her in greeting, and then noticed that they weren’t alone. Well, not entirely. On the table behind her was the body of a middle-aged man, sallow and gray, and Sherlock promptly bent down to sniff the bloke’s neck.
Impossible to kill. Never a scratch on his skin, never a flaw. Always pristine.
John bit back a groan and began stuffing the groceries anywhere they could fit. “And Clara?”
Well, that’s just not on.
“No,” John immediately replied, lips quirking and eyes unwavering. Along with intoxicated, it seemed as though he was also feeling a bit
“As I was
Still unsure, John sucked in air through his teeth. “Okay,” he said simply. “Okay. Yes. So, how am I supposed to cover you?”
“So you like Coldplay, then?”
He felt lips brush his neck, once, twice. His chest rushed with breath. Without thinking, he reached out his hands to the fabric at Sherlock’s waist, for something to hold onto. A breath of amusement at his neck, before a nose nudged the hollow beneath his ear to draw out a long, soft inhale. John felt a shiver beneath his hands.
“Thinking,” Sherlock murmurs, brows furrowed. He reaches out a hand to touches Rosie’s back, as if the contact gives him strength. He takes a deep breath in, then out. “Something I haven’t thought about in years. Many years. I…” His mouth curves into something bittersweet. “I used to play.”
Beneath them, the Intrepid shuddered. In that brief, subtle moment, Sherlock’s eyes rolled back into his head and he collapsed to the floor.
Sherlock paused as he swung his legs off the bed, head cocked in question. He finished the movements slowly. “Pardon?”
John hid a smirk. “No, he’s not. I’m still not sure how I’m different.”
The air tangibly took a change. “So, no then?” Sherlock asked, too nonchalant.
his walk to Highgate rushing back to him in a whirlwind. “Right,” he said weakly. “Of course.”
Sherlock’s face didn’t exactly change, but it emitted something fond and ever-so-slightly exasperated with just the corner of the eyes. “Oh yes, that’s certainly ambiguous enough. Right. Scott is what you would call… gifted. His sense of smell is rivaled to none, so precise that he can not only notice, but
Sherlock gave a mirroring snort, sliding off John’s socks with his shoes. The other man was fumbling with his belt, fingers heavy and uncoordinated. Sherlock made sure his sigh was loud and withering.
ME: What are you thoughts on the matter?
“Always grateful of the support,” Sherlock mumbles sardonically, but he holds out an imperial hand in Sally’s direction anyway. It reminds John of the way he used to be, full of ridiculously lazy demands, requesting his laptop from where it would sit beside him like the effort of reaching over was too ambitious to attempt. Surprisingly, Sally allows it, carefully picking up the guitar by the neck and body and walking it over with a gentleness John would’ve been surprised at, if he hadn’t seen the way she was holding his daughter earlier. It takes no time at all for the requests to start flooding in.
“I’ll see you tomorrow?”
Sherlock crossed his arms, nearly hitting himself in the face with the spatula. “No, John, but I was
arrow pointed straight towards him. Thomas was better off without a sod like him, really.
Mycroft harrumphs. “Obviously. Point being, my brother is an idiot when it comes to his own heart. Bit of a weakness, he refuses to work on it, but no matter. He’s taking your hesitation as rejection, and can’t fathom it being anything but.”
“Your room is still available,” Sherlock said reluctantly. He rolled off to the side, perspiring skin sticking to the sheets.
“Right, right,” Sherlock agrees, spinning back around to the eggs. John snaps open the paper pointedly and tries to throw himself into the business section, despite having absolutely no interest in the stocks and investments flying around the globe. When Sherlock starts back up again, it’s really no surprise.
“Because,” John continues, “if it is, you should know that I don’t, um, blame you anymore. I never should have. You don’t have to,” he gestures to the kitchen, even though Sherlock doesn’t see it, “accommodate me. Or anything.”
with emphasis, then up. Down down down
Mary nodded, face grave. “Drained him of blood, in nana’s words. Afterwards, he grabbed the woman and dragged her away. She was screaming his name, ‘Sherlock Holmes, Sherlock Holmes’ over and over, hence the namesake of the legend. As they left, nana swears that his eyes were a brilliant red now, to match his mate’s.” She shrugged, and then the spell was broken. She huffed out a quiet laugh. “And then that’s the end of it, I suppose. Almost the end.”
Sherlock swallowed another gulp of beer. Heart in his throat, he placed his own hand on John’s thigh.
be a fool to decline such an invitation from Sector A. It was a simple truth, ingrained in everybody’s brain. Quite literally.
Oh. He saw the scar.
attached to the juncture of Sherlock’s neck. Together, the shallow thrusts of their hips gained an aligning rhythm.
It was an unreal name, something John would’ve read in the many books he ate up as a child. But this Sherlock seemed unreal himself, cutting a figure as if from an illustration, with almost comically-emphasized features and odd proportions. Overall, though, the mismatched appearance didn’t look as weird as it should. John grasped his hand in a shake, both sets sweaty, though he couldn’t help his pause.
“I took off today,” John said pleasantly. “We have a bit to talk about, don’t you think?”
“I’m sorry I took advantage of you,” John said with a rush of air. “It was wrong of me, and it won’t happen again.”
John was surprised that Sherlock could hear him from such a distance, but that was precisely what John realized he was unnerved by; the definitive silence in the atmosphere. There was simply no sound, no wind nor any ambient noise from the dome, and it caused a deafening ringing inside of John’s ears. But the quicker John and Sherlock finished their samples, the quicker they could sneak back inside. John kicked at the ground faster.
“Yeah.”
“Good,” Sherlock murmured, expression void of anger but still holding that calculating edge, bordering on frustration. His hands slowly lowered to the table. He seemed to be more curious than before, words on the tip of his tongue and brows slanted thoughtfully.
“I’m about to drop down a rope!” With that, he kicked the bundle of rope out the empty doorway, until the part closest to him was taut. Through the door, when the rope stilled he realized that it was a bit shy, just several meters above how high Sherlock could jump to get to it. There didn’t seem to be anything in the facility he could use to boost him up, as well.
Sherlock pulled back with tight lips. “Immensely difficult, being this close to the only person whose blood is appealing to me. But manageable.”
Something in the words twinged at the coin-sized scar on his chest. “Oh?”
“Sherlock,” John replied hesitantly. “Are you… okay?”
Sherlock looks up and grins at him, the same grin as before, like the clouds part just for light to fall across his cheeks. The lightest bit of perspiration tufts his curls out of place, dampens the fabric under his armpits, and John can’t imagine looking away. His heart picks up into double-time. His breathing becomes shallow.
John had to shake himself back to the present, and held out his hand. “John Watson, good to meet you. I’m Sherlock’s new flatmate, and I have absolutely no idea why I’m here.”
ME: How are you?
. His head dipped, eyes trailing to the floor and then right back up. “You… don’t think that it was a sign of insanity, then?”
The more recent wound, the nearly-healed slice on his calf, stung in a thick shock of heat. Sherlock swallowed, throat suddenly full, and resisted a full-body shudder. “A mental incapacity and nothing more,” he said with a sniff.
“Sherlock,” John panted, “Took you long en-“
“Classified business,” Sherlock replied smoothly, voice betraying nothing and face the absolute model of expressionless. “I’m sure Mycroft will fill you in.”
ME: Regardless, without a machine’s precision, human cloning might delay itself much too far. What do we have left to lose?
She threw up her hands in exclamation. “Well, I was sure
Lestrade rounded up the five hundred-plus people, hair plastered to his head and seeming only slightly winded. “That was a nice warm-up, don’t you think? I’ll give you fifteen minutes to grab some water and pull yourselves together. Meet me in the training facility for today’s activities.”
Sherlock set down his cup, only breaking his stare to lift a jam-slathered slice of toast to his mouth. “You shouldn’t let him bother you. You’re not the one he’s after.”
“I’m very competitive,” Sherlock commented.
A knock downstairs, tentative and only barely audible above the rush of the rain. Sherlock closed his eyes with a quiet sigh. He was frightened to see what stood beyond the door, though at the same time he couldn’t stop the yearning, the call of his body to race down the stairs and wrap the man on the doorstep into his body. He craved to comfort, an awful, needy thing to want.
“‘Let It Go’?” Sherlock asks, and then visibly grimaces. “I abhor the fact that I know its name.”
“Shuh-la!” Rosie cries in delight.
“It’s been so long!” She cried, cheeks flush as she withdrew. Collecting the papers she dropped, she stuck them behind the front desk as she straightened at her clothes.
His body was tensed, like a spring ready to release. John eyed him, and then the rail warily. "So we're jumping on that train, right?"
“I saw that,” Sherlock pointed out, beside him in a whoosh of air. His light eyes were aimed towards the cut, and John tried to convince himself they didn’t look hungry. “I’ll have to treat it back at the flat.”
John pushed away the packet and crossed his arms, defiant. “So I’m joining the crew, then, am I?”
The legend was believable because it was filled with truths that John already knew. Truths that Mary wasn’t even aware of. Which brought him towards his second thought:
“How’s it like, living with Sherlock?”
“You thought I’d be
“I just had a chat with Greg,” John continues. He settles in the chair opposite, stretching out his legs to relieve the tightness of the day. “He wanted to know if you were alive, considering that you’ve been ignoring his calls for the past two months.”
“Your eyes,” John gasped, pushing closer to get a better look. Those same eyes widened in surprise, but didn’t move away from John’s awed scrutiny. “They’re… they’re
ME: What I want to know, however, is whether cloning will be enough.
John winced when he taped it up. “Your diet.”
John nearly shouted, hand reaching up to fist at the back of his neck. He spun around in place, eyes scanning the grounds. “Why?”
Sherlock’s eyes glinted something fierce, and he darted forward.
“No, I’m leaving tomorrow for Devon. I’m… sad I’m missing it, though.”
The day before John and Sherlock left for Plymouth was the day of the monthly blood drive at Bart’s. This, of course, meant that Sherlock wouldn’t be coming in to the labs.
duty,” John says, wagging a finger in his direction. “That’s the agreement.”
“That’s…” he tried, suddenly unsure. He let John go completely, pulling away so that John had to drop his hands. “My back. It’s…”
“You know, the gun
Twenty minutes later and jackets divested somewhere up front (Sherlock vaguely remembered a coatroom, but he couldn’t be too sure), both men were toasting a dangerously pink beverage from their graduated cylinders. John swallowed it down with a grimace. Sherlock rather liked the taste.
She hummed after that, but then her patient asked her a question, and they both got drawn into their work. He felt her eyes on him all morning. When the drive officially ended, just before three, John went ahead and clocked out before she could ambush him. At the flat, Sherlock was gone, and didn’t show back up until it had become nighttime.
“How is it flying?” He asked in hardly-restrained awe.
The facts. Yes, that’s where John needed to start. The bare basics, the things he knew before he even
At that, Anthea stepped forward to wordlessly place a file folder in Mycroft’s hands. Was that actual paper? In such a technological age the practice was outdated, but here Mycroft was, pulling out a blindingly white sheet to run his eyes over. “You have been formally requested to join the DSE Intrepid crew as the Chief of Medical.”
Damn. John had had that thing again, the thing where he thought someone said something that they actually hadn’t. What was he going to say to Sherlock? ‘Hey, sometimes I hear voices that sound very clear that aren’t actually being spoken?’ John only shook his head. “Nothing. It’s just… I’m glad you’re okay. Is all.”
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” John sighed.
“I don’t know. Play it again.”
she sang-song. John felt himself grinning at the familiar argument.
He opens his mouth, closes it, and then nods, once. Sherlock’s eyes narrow.
“JOHN!” Sherlock yelled, the coast’s wind whipping at his clothes and sand sticking to his bare feet. The rain had pushed further into England over the past several hours of waiting, soaking Sherlock’s clothes and dripping his hair into his face. The deafening howl of the helicopter was landing, as if was everywhere all at once. “JOHN!” He tried again.
“Hey, John, it’s Mary.”
Sherlock blinks and turns back around, as if to return, but Molly just shakes her head, the firmest John’s ever seen her. Sherlock drops his head in defeat. It’s almost comical, John thinks, like watching a performance on the telly. He nearly expects a generic laugh track to follow. Sherlock’s shoulders straighten, he visibly takes a deep breath, and it’s only a few strides before he reaches John.
He thinks of the pool. He thinks of Mrs. Hudson after those Americans had tied her up. He thinks of the rooftop, Sherlock’s hand stretched and grief clear over the phone, of the tears so unlike any disguise he’s ever put on.
She nodded lightly, knee jumping as her fingers flew across the keyboard. Sherlock must be more to her than a pretty face, then, if she was this excited about it. “Yes, you will be going to Chem Lab 4 instead, with Sherlock. He made it explicitly clear that you assist him.” There was an odd glint in her eye, appraising John in a new light, but she didn’t say anything more. With a nod, John went on his way. When he reached the lab, he held his breath before shuffling through the door.
Sherlock felt like choking. He wanted to stumble forward and ease the pain, to pour meaningless comfort and platitudes and
“That’s everyone’s favorite opera,” Sherlock says drily, but he’s smiling all the same. Then his brows furrow. “Where did you get this?”
ME: Ah. You know Wikipedia articles can be easily falsified, correct?
No, John wasn’t going to lose this. Not a chance. Thinking on the fly, he reached out his free hand to grab Mary’s and squeeze, fingers threading through hers. He kept the franticness out of his face and words. “Please,” he asked, letting a smile curve his lips. “I’d love to hear it, regardless.”
It wasn’t all fine, after all. Not in the slightest.
“But that doesn’t-“
“John,” Sherlock says again, shaking his head. “Why?”
against gay sex last night). But, as per usual, John said the thing that Sherlock
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “Never?”
“Sherlock,” John warned testily.
that more. With me.”
“Don’t look down,” Sherlock said instead.
though Sherlock had toyed with the idea earlier. John’s actually surprised it’s only
How was nobody seeing this? Was he hallucinating?
The car lurched beneath them, like Sherlock’s foot had spasmed on the brake.
Sherlock’s fingers steepled together just beneath his nose. He narrowed his eyes. “Let’s take this to the hypotheticals, shall we?”
The back of Sherlock’s hand nudged against John’s waist. “Wha-” he tried to protest, but he was suddenly shoved off hard and he lost his footing. There was a split second of freefall, the warmth turning into a dropping, terrified chill and he didn’t quite remember, but he was sure he made some sort of embarrassing noise. Thankfully, he hit the ground with a huff instead of falling into the blackness. He heard Sherlock land a few feet away.
John felt his lips curve at the edges, and he withdrew his arm. “Should I say thank you?”
John furrows his brow. “You haven’t played it yet?”
John started at the insult. “Wait, that’s-”
BASKERVILLE A.I. PROGRAM - BETA
John chuckles. They share a small smile, both apologetic, before turning their heads at the same time to break the gaze. Sherlock clears his throat pointedly before he leaves.
John’s blood ran cold. Oh, fuck. “Sherlock, have I been… taking advantage of you?”
Sherlock cocked his head with a frown. “I never would’ve guessed that.” He seemed bothered by the thought.
Stop;
It takes a few moments for Sherlock to realize that his arms are curled around nothing, but when he does, he rushes back to the present with a whoosh of air. He looks at his hands dumbly, then John’s arms, and his eyes are absolutely lost. “I…”
John says again, and suddenly it’s of utmost importance for Sherlock to either confirm or deny it.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, as if he could read John’s thoughts, but turned out it was for a different reason. “What was the name of your village, again?”
John.
to him?” he asked uneasily.
he said placatingly, fingers clumsy as they frantically drummed the skin for attention. “Look at me, Sherlock, right here. I’m right here.”
thing John was thinking the man would request, aside from literally showing up naked. “Huh?” He said eloquently.
“Obviously? Why obviously?”
Mike Stamford was that kind of friend you never wanted to lose touch with, until you did.
Unladed by groceries, John figured it would be an easier limp through the city than earlier. He was used to physical activity, after all, having run around in the Middle East on nothing but the relentless sand. While the London sidewalk had better traction, John had overestimated his capabilities. Drastically. What should have been a twenty-minute walk became an hour, and what was a comfortable March breeze turned into something dry and hot. When John reached a slight incline, he nearly threw his cane into the street with defeat.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock admitted, running his hand through his hair once again in agitation. He was more awake than John had ever seen him. “But that’s why I need to get down to the research building. They wouldn’t let me bring my work aboard, but I need it if I’m ever going to be able to solve this. If I understand what I’m dealing with, it’ll help me prevent it on the next planet.”
“I can go-”
John delivered a swift kick to the head beneath his foot, just hard enough to incapacitate, and promptly leaped over his body to tackle his friend. Of course, it was like pushing at a brick wall.
They fell together. Not in kisses, but in comfortable removing of clothing and warm, knowing hands. It wasn’t rushed, but it wasn’t slow, either. John was breathing in his ear, fumbling his hand into Sherlock’s nightstand and fingers coming back slick. Instead of touching Sherlock, though, he sat up and reached behind to prepare himself.
Sherlock obviously wants to refuse, any number of excuses seeming to run through his head, but he only bites his lip and brushes past towards the window. He hesitates slightly before picking up the guitar and rounding around to his chair. John follows. When they’re both settled, Sherlock’s hands hover over the instrument, like he’s never touched one before and has no idea what he’s supposed to do. “I’m… out of practice,” he says awkwardly.
He was frozen in the doorway, eyes dancing from John to the flat and back again. “You’re supposed to be at work,” he said accusingly.
John wanted to say something more, but he chose otherwise, closing his mouth with a click in his jaw. After a long moment, though, he couldn’t resist. “Is your… employer coming, then?”
that you’d finally come to your senses so that I could convince you that yesterday was merely a dream.”
Hands were behind him, untucking his white button-up. He missed the protection his Belstaff brought him. “Not since uni,” he confessed over the music.
Sector A wasn’t malicious. This wasn’t a dystopian film, where the government was watching every move and making sure every person was carbon-copies of the next (well, aside from the cloning, but that was purely situational). There was still crime, still the occasional war, and the people still paid their taxes. The democracy was heavily watered-down from its golden age, but the leaders were fair. Despite this, though, one
“Don’t take it personal. It’s just a precaution, one that has deemed itself useful regardless. Now, concerning the immediate future, I suggest that you begin running.”
Sherlock smirked. “Only when they’re out of their element. So, all of the time.”
before he and Anthea were out of earshot. But that couldn’t be right, it made absolutely no sense. Not able to make heads nor tails of the situation, John let himself be led onto the moving walkway and presumably towards the clinic.
It was difficult to confuse Sherlock Holmes in matters that weren’t about the inner workings of John Watson. Yet, when John glanced to his side, Sherlock’s face inches away, it was to a drawn brow and quick-blinking eyes.
looked like he wanted to comment, but he refrained. Fluidly, he pulled a packet of papers out of the file and handed it over to John without a glance. “This is the list of the people currently listed as the crew for the Intrepid. In case you were curious.”
Sherlock’s smile widens, and he lifts his hand to the bridge of his own nose, palm flat and parallel to the floor. He moves it straight across so it brushes the crown of John’s head. Playfully, he musses his fingers at the hair there, flopping it over his forehead like bangs, holding in his laughter with nasal, childlike snorts.
“No! That’s not what I was saying!” Sherlock interrupted, hands up as if he was surrendering. His eyes were wide and striking in sudden urgency. “Just- never mind. I’m thrilled that we’re next to each other, I assure you.”
Sherlock’s hands dropped to John’s hips, gripping near-painfully into the muscles there. The earlier contempt to him was gone, replaced with softness and fragility, with no small amount of fear. “John,” he started, sounding subdued and much more sober than his trembling betrayed, “There’s something I… need to say.”
“But you are, aren’t you?” He could feel Lestrade watching him, weighing his next words carefully. “So not just flatmates, then.”
Quick as a flash, Sherlock closed the distance between them to grip John’s biceps, face inches away. The cold of his palms seeped through the shirt, as hard and unyielding as a metal claw.
Her tone had a higher lilt to it. “We?”
Later, it’s nearing ten, and it seems like the strike of midnight is an ocean away. An unlikely alliance between New Scotland Yard and a few of Sherlock’s homeless network have started up a game of charades in the corner, and everybody seems to be lightly tipsy and full of good cheer. John catches up with Mike and his wife, then Anthea, and he finally rounds back around to Mrs. Hudson, who’s fawning over the party and their decorating skills.
Weeks roll by, all alike in their monotony. The only difference that stands between them all is that instead of the violin, during sleepless nights the soothing sound of the acoustic guitar drifts up the stairs, gentle and fluid like a river. Sherlock never sings.
“Sherlock, I
Sherlock fell into his chair, arms wrapping around his knees, and tried to control his breathing. When that didn’t work, he let himself be felt and cried until exhaustion plucked him from the Earth like a piece from a chessboard.
Relatively new, as they hadn’t silvered yet from time. Must have been from Sherlock’s time away. John had to look at it from a medical point of view, else he would be sobbing into his friend’s skin by now.
“No, and she wouldn’t bring one.”
“John?” Sherlock asks, sounding worried. “Is everything alright?”
“John…” Sherlock began uncertainly.
“Of course.”
“Sherlock,” John sighed. “Sherlock, I need…
John smiled uncomfortably, trying to be nice but feeling like it wasn't a convincing performance. Lately, women haven’t been as easy to talk to as they had back in uni, in any capacity. “I appreciate the invitation, Molly, but I can’t. It’s my dad’s birthday next week, matter of fact.” It wasn’t a lie, actually. His father, rest in peace, lied in Devon next to John’s grandparents and further ancestors in a private cemetery. He took the trip on the years he could, and it was just a lucky coincidence that it lied on the day of the banquet.
“Turn ‘em inside out.”
John takes that as a ‘yes’.
and a promise and the taste of freedom on the horizon and
The man rolled his eyes as he shook John’s hand, as if to say ‘look at what we have to deal with’. “He’s in forensics, and there’s a dead body,” he said pointedly, if slightly apologetic. He smiled at John tightly. “DI Greg Lestrade. I’m sorry, you said you were-”
. It’s infuriating.”
“Later, then,” John agreed. He wouldn’t forget.
“Sounds like a plan.” It was so domestic, this scene they were in, that John felt himself wanting to drop a kiss atop the man’s head. He didn’t, but it was a close thing. “Well, I’m off.”
“Excuse me?” The guitar abruptly stops on a stray, out-of-tune note. He seems more offended by the last bit than the first, face painted in an expression equal parts confusion and affront. At this point, John’s not even surprised, but he
kind that is, they can’t take certain medications without trouble of a relapse. I'm sure in France there's a whole lab for him, to make sure he doesn't have any problems... it's probably all cold and lonely. Poor Sherlock, let’s see, when he gets back I’ll make him a…”
right, and his gut was rarely off target.
“He was an utter brat. My brother thought we hated the boy because we were homophobic, but he could’ve dated a horse for all mother and father cared. No, Benjamin used him to graduate and never wanted to be seen with him, and Sherlock fell for it.” He takes another drag, gazing ahead with eyes that seem fathoms away. “From then on, he swore off love forever. I was no help, I admit; I figured out the idiocy of the emotion long before him, so I was more than happy to have company to bask in loneliness with. However, I
“John,” Sherlock gasped, eyes bright from being out in the cold. The tip of his nose was flushed. “That was… very good. Thank you. I could have just walked around to the front, though.”
“Hm?”
“Question time is over,” Sherlock announced with flourish, shifting into park. They were in a parking garage just a block or two from the flat, in a spot close to the exit. It wouldn’t be a long walk to get back.
Sherlock shifted the jeep into park and jumped out onto the pavement. As he walked, he in no way seemed sore from the hours of cramped sitting, but then again he
Sherlock was gathering his clothes from the floor, only bothering to put back on his trousers. “No, no, don’t worry. It’s fine. All fine,” he said awkwardly.
It was quiet for a moment. “Not the same,” Sherlock finally decided.
Once, for a case, while Sherlock had hung off of him with spindly, grabby arms atop the pub’s wobbling stools, John had swayed too close, and Sherlock had kissed him.
John made his hasty retreat, not even bothering to grab his clothes. Sherlock cleaned himself up to the best of his abilities and just sat on the edge of his bed, unable to place his own emotions. He was somewhere between joy and sadness, as well as at a place far off of the scale.
“You don’t eat,” John had stated during the second week, having set a plate of ravioli in front of the man and promptly having been ignored. The anatomy book Sherlock was reading that looked to be in… Japanese was too interesting, it seemed.
Sherlock checked his watch, and with a noise of irritation he slid his phone into his inside pocket and stood. “No time, we need to leave.” He held the door open for John, who nodded slightly as he passed.
John elbowed him shallowly in the side. “Yes, we would. You’re hungry and I need a drink.”
“My friend is hurt!” John yelled. “He needs to be brought to the clinic, ASAP!”
Before he can ask, John says, “Yes.”
He was across the main hall, scrubs donned and covered head-to-toe in blood. He was wrangling the hair cap off his head, all the while being scolded at by one of the resident doctors, the older woman nearly red in the face with fury. John watched him roll his eyes, curls free, and bite out something harsh in response. The students wove around them with disinterest, and John had no idea how.
In his hand was a dark blue rose, almost black around the edges.
that has
John, on the other hand, was drenched. After a bit he fell against the ropes, holding up his hand to halt the other man. “Wait,” he panted.
When she glanced up, her smile dropped. Not entirely, but with the barest tensing of her shoulders, it turned into something more ingenuine. Pasted on. A barely-there shiver racked down her body, and if she had hackles, they’d be positively raised. Her eyes didn't meet his, not exactly. John took an involuntary step back. Jesus Christ, what did Sherlock
“Grandparents’ generation?” John asked too quickly, unable to hide his skepticism. That was simply impossible – the time frame didn’t add up. Sherlock wouldn’t even be alive yet.
“Yeah, Harry, I’m
An hour later, going on their third round (Sherlock was still nursing his first after devouring an order of crisps), beneath the table John’s hand made an appearance on Sherlock’s knee.
Why are you talking to me now? Aren’t you still angry?”
Oh. John sank further against the door, the events of exactly what happened
And they’re off. John watches the car disappear down the street before he straightens his shoulders and lifts his chin, reminiscent of parade rest. This isn’t him. He’s not a coward, not someone who flees instead of facing the things he’s afraid of, who has a panic attack over a bloody
Sherlock nods approvingly, already readying the guitar on his lap. “It was meant as one.” He goes on to announce, louder, “I’m not singing!”
The response didn’t come until John was just sliding on his shirt, happy that he didn’t have to wear that awful skin-tight suit for the day.
“Really?” John had never heard him even hint at that before. What did the brother look like? Was he as beautiful as Sherlock? Could he deduce? Even more – could he deduce John, unlike Sherlock? “Will I ever be able to meet him?”
John had always loved hearing Sherlock curse, especially since it happened so rarely and that his voice made it sound downright illegal. He couldn’t help a small smile. “Hey, it’s fine. I’m sure it looks much worse than it really is. Nothing’s broken, and I’m fairly sure I won’t be pissing blood.”
ME: Don’t you have that in my file already?
between the various hormones that the brain emits at any given time, in any given person, with his own brain observant enough to deduce the results-”
John shrugs. “I won’t tell if you don’t.”
he hissed.
John felt his half-hearted glare turn soft, and he smiled through his palm. “Are you really looking up hangover cures?”
Sherlock waved him away, eyes trained intently on his tablet. “I kept hydrated and fed. I suggested that you do the same, but you were too busy with… what was it, ‘dancing with the blonde with legs to her chin’?”
“Oh! Sorry, John, I wasn’t paying much attention.” She was scatterbrained as ever, but without Sherlock there distracting her, she was much more leveled. John picked up the file she dropped and handed it to her with a smile.
Sherlock barks out a laugh. “Let off,” he jokes, still playing. “The phase was during the summer of ‘95, and MTV was very impressionable.” He tries to pull off something with a finger-strung melody, and winces when he’s unsuccessful.
He stood firm, as unchanging as he had been while sprinting through the moorlands. His feet were as a part of the ground as the trees were, and he looked at Mary desperately. “I can’t.”
John pushed away, not harshly but none too gently either. “So I’ve heard.” Grabbing his cane and duffel, he marched inside, ignoring the posh-looking interior that matched its posh-looking exterior. He wanted to ask Sherlock what the end price was, but he also
ME: I’ll either make another log tonight or tomorrow. Nevertheless, and especially today, our conversations have been enlightening. To say the least.
There are sounds of agreement, and the living room shrinks with the weight of their guests’ curiosity, bodies circling tighter in anticipation of something new. Sherlock looks to John as if to say ‘help me’, eyes widening and teeth slightly bared in emphasis, but John just shrugs good-naturedly. “The people want a show,” he says. “We are the hosts, after all.”
Sure, he wasn’t the finest bloke back in uni. Didn’t call a girl back here and there, might’ve shouted things he didn’t mean at his sister, didn’t visit his mum as often as he should. And, yeah, okay, maybe in the army he did particular things behind closed doors that he regretted later on, and didn’t hold back from voicing those regrets towards those… said… regrets. To their faces. So, okay,
Sherlock groans to the ceiling with a smile that betrays him. “Of
Rosie sleeps through the whole cab ride, and Sherlock stares. John can feel his eyes on his cheek like a physical thing, and he stubbornly refuses to call him out on it or, god forbid, meet his gaze. The air is thick with things unspoken, and John’s head is filled to the brink with questions unasked.
“Which is?” He reached for a plaster.
John winced. While he
men, but you both ended up making the flat quite lovely. Of course, usually, erm,
“I mean… how could you do that?” John managed, eyes blurry and voice gruff. “To me? How… I thought I was your…”
She made a vaguely happy noise in response. Time had done nothing but amplify Mary Morstan’s beauty, her looks now more mature than they were, once upon a time. Her pretty blonde hair was short, and she wore a floral jumper with jeans. She smelled nice. He was, in a sort of immature way, still happy that she was shorter than him, if just barely. She pulled back to press a kiss to his cheek.
“Stop!” John cried, rushing forward before stopping himself.
Sherlock’s steadily watching him back. Something’s growing between them, John’s acutely aware, nearly a decade in the making but only recently gaining awareness, and moreso poignancy. Like years of build-up coming to a fruition, a dam after a flood that’s been aching to break. He doesn’t know how much more water it can take before something gives, and what happens then? If this
John swallowed down the fear before it could bubble up, along with the disbelief. It was disorientating, having all five of his senses bombarded like this. "I wish you were human," he said. "It would make things much simpler, wouldn't it?"
Her voice was bitten back, so the wound must still be fresh.
John blinked, pursing his lips in both thought and slight confusion. He shook his head, more to clear it than anything. He was going, though, wasn’t he? A demand masked as an invitation from the most powerful collection of people on Earth.
“Careful!”
Mary didn’t have a car, and Sherlock took the jeep, so everyone packed into Gillian’s minivan to head down to Red Lake.
“Oh, he does that, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said one morning, having brought up a pot of tea and some biscuits. “He warned me of it the day he first moved in. Every few weeks, he goes over to visit his parents in France for a day or two. He has severe anemia, you see, and it seems as though his parents have the proper medication needed.” She lowered her voice gently, collecting John’s plate and cup when he was finished. “It’s not my place to say, but Sherlock used to have a problem with, well,
He said quietly, “John?”
John follows the direction clumsily, the strings twanging when he hits them wrong, but it doesn’t bother them any. It’s strange, hearing the notes change without warning, but Sherlock’s staying with his horrid rhythm just fine, his chord changes smooth and clean. His knee brushes John’s, keeping the semblance of time, and he worms his arm back to his side.
experiment, yeah? More than likely, I’ll agree to do it.”
so delusional into believing in the existence of vampires, John could ponder over the past twenty-four hours without bias.
RJ leaned closer. John copied the movement. “Your name is all over the files.”
Tea cup forgotten in his hands, John couldn’t help but pause – and that’s what would usually happen, was it not? When seeing someone so unbelievably beautiful, someone that stopped the breath in your chest until you felt like your very heart would crack under the pressure, that’s what you would do, right? Stop and stare and hold on for dear life. John was doing a damned good job at it, if that was the case.
“Yes. Mycroft is… complicated.” He sounded worried, but his hand was now doing pleasant things in John’s hair, so John kept his eyes closed. “He’s more interested in the outcome of this new blood surrogate than me, at times. I don’t mind being the test subject, not if it means saving innocent lives in the end, and hopefully clearing up the ‘vampire’ name enough to eventually assimilate into society. This substitute works… in a sense. Every month I go into scientific research facilities in Baskerville for the treatment.”
“I’ll let her be. I’m enjoying the show, after all.”
Sherlock’s mouth was still in a slight scowl. “Yes, of course.”
John’s breathing was shallow. "Yes.”
Sherlock seemed to become less rabid, and while his body still thrummed with the potential energy of a cheetah ready for the chase, he had enough mind to look apologetic. “Sorry about Lestrade.”
He feels arms, strong and warm, cage around him and draw him against a hammering heart. He feels air stir at his hairline. He feels a dry hand press at the nape of his neck, fingers curling him closer as if he would disappear at any moment. He hears an unsteady sigh.
Molly raised her chin slightly. “Two hours.”
“Not possible.”
John blinks. “You used to play the guitar?”
His brain keeps trying to add on an asterisk with a (3x) noted at the bottom, but he pretends he can’t hear it.
ed into the receiver. “Really, John, you know you always have a place at the B&B. We just upgraded to air-conditioning this last winter.”
“I’ll come back,” John said directly to Sherlock despite being halfway out the door. In that moment, Sherlock could see him. Jaw tensed, eyes both carefully blank and utterly turbulent depending on if you saw them in the right light. Fists clenching and unclenching. Determined. Strong.
“I have a request,” Molly says.
Sherlock blinked, once.
Someone squeezes past them to get into the kitchen, nudging them closer, and the only thing that keeps them from pressing together is the glass of eggnog between their chests. John holds onto it for dear life. “Oh, I don’t know,” Sherlock murmurs, “I quite like how short you are.”
It was difficult holding a conversation, especially while John was too busy marveling at the fact that he could climb stairs without a limp. The stairs were curved, winding, and if he still had a stiff leg it would be torture. “Never a dull moment,” John settled on.
“... Morning.”
As John distributed the food, Sherlock fell into the story, reiterating the case in the best way that he could. He wasn’t John; he couldn’t make it exciting or suspenseful, his own words clinical and voice flat even when he got to the part where the murderer fell into a pit. But all the same, John watched him with rapt attention, forgetting his noodles in favor of falling into the spoken words, as well.
It’s still for a Moment. And then there’s a pressure on his shoulder, soft and warm like a closed mouth. “Okay.”
‘Strong’. John’s hand, gripped around the pen, flew across the notebook page.
“Because of you,” John murmured back, not technically dishonest. “What are you doing? We have, what, an hour until wake up? Two until launch?”
“I can’t have a skeleton running after me while we’re chasing criminals, you see. People might talk.”
Sherlock swats him, and Rosie cries again. John sighs. “I’ll get her.”
John shook his head, nudging Sherlock’s shoe playfully with his cane. “No no no, you knew that already. I’ve told you that before, I remember.”
matters
“- or kryptonite.”
“I hate doin’ this,” John said eventually, words slurring slightly and voice deep in exhaustion. “I hate that it’s Pad-Pavlovian now, that I can’t have a drink anymore without thinkin’ of you. I shouldn’t be thinkin’ of you. It’s such a-”
“What’s this, then?”
John wants to say. He feels like the embodiment of a tornado.
, but he was the more rarely-seen form of it: he was
With slow, wary movements, Sherlock did as he was told, sliding into the seat opposite of John at the table. When John met his eyes, they were heavily guarded in a way that spoke wonders about his level of vulnerability at the moment.
. Oh, thank god. The cemetery's gates were wide open with the gleam of the London streetlamps just beyond, the after-dinner traffic louder than the sound of the blood rushing through his ears. He nearly sagged with relief.
John stood just close enough past the stairs to be under the building’s cover, sopping wet and shivering frantically. His hands were stuffed in his pockets and his eyes were downcast, as if he didn’t notice the warm light from 221 bathing him from the darkness. He glanced up at Sherlock, face unreadable and cold, an out-of-place and
“Any more follow-ups regarding your samples from our time outside?” He asked instead.
That wasn’t the right answer. Sherlock’s face twisted together in confusion, jerking the slightest bit backwards in a more literal reading of ‘taken aback’. “You have a type?” He said it as if it were a ridiculous notion. Again, the
“Go home, John,” Sherlock murmured, his own hands beginning to shake imperceptibly. He was on the verge of a panic attack.
John was already outside, thank you very much. He wasn’t quite comfortable with this AI, not yet, but he knew how to play nice. Especially in the face of his own curiosity. “Who’s driving it? Where am I going, exactly?”
He groaned aloud. “Not that it’s any of your business, but we recently had a… heart-to-heart.” He winced at the sudden interest in her eyes. “No, not like that! Well, not entirely.”
Sherlock nodded slowly, still uneasy. “Yes. It seems as though my brother has a sick sense of humor.”
had Sherlock thrown away his leftovers (to make room for the mutilated genitals in the fridge),
When John gripped his hips, heartbeats shared through chests and mouths breathing into each other.
“What’s that?”
“Arse,” Sherlock mutters. He glances down his body, to his standard black trousers and royal blue button-down. He peers up at John self-consciously. “He’s… he’s wrong, right? I haven’t...?”
LOG 1.02
“No, God, Sherlock, that’s not what I meant,” interrupted John, still slightly in awe. He grabbed Sherlock’s forearm to slow him down, already winded from the strenuous pace.
Like the sun breaking into dawn, the first bloom of spring and the lone piccolo in the melody, everything slotted into place.
“I think it is.”
“Shame, I would’ve loved to meet her. Did your father ever remarry?”
was what some people were 'terrified' of? A scientist that both looked and sounded like something out of Greek mythology? That impossible voice continued on. “I must insist that you cease bringing acquaintances here for me to frighten, as if I’m a sideshow act. I could begin charging you if so.”
“You’re around blood on a daily basis, though, what with the labs and those crime scenes you go to.”
He was using Sherlock as a replacement for Afghanistan, after all, so it would be wrong to mind it happening to him. They were both a bit not-good, even from the start.
Late into the afternoon, curled warmly together beneath the covers, Sherlock was tracing John’s features with the tip of his finger. “It feels odd,” he admitted intimately into the quiet, “to wake up with you here.”
“Make it two,” Sherlock said, “and keep them coming.” He grinned John’s favorite crooked smile, and the waitress had to blink a few times before heading back to the kitchen on unsteady feet. John huffed under his breath.
Though ‘hang of it’ might be a bit of an optimistic statement, as the session ended with John struck to the floor. At that, the hologram dissipated as quickly as it had appeared, and John released a great gust of air.
A day later, John moved back into Baker Street. A week, and he was chasing after Sherlock through alleys and skips. The most companionable they got were in the evenings, when nothing was exchanged between them but silence. John never got drunk and mused the idea of sex between them again, keeping their relationship as it was to the public.
If vampires existed, what else did?
he says, voice breaking.
“No,” John said immediately, pushing away Sherlock’s hand and only releasing himself so his hand only gripped Sherlock’s cock. “I owe you one, remember?”
“How many vampires do you know?” He took a long drag, blowing it out to mingle with London’s exhaust. “It’s not like it’ll kill me, now.”
“Your eyes,” John said almost worriedly, pushing closer to get a better look. Those same eyes widened in surprise, but didn’t move away from John’s scrutiny. “They’re… they’re silver.” John knew that they were pitch black in color and in anger, the last time they'd met. Now, it was a color so pale it nearly faded into the rest of him.
Sherlock didn’t want to be staring at a man who had suffered so much that he had withdrawn into himself, afraid of what would happen if he showed his demons the the world.
a gay bar,” Sherlock pointed out, tilting his head 45 degrees and struggling to keep his body from tilting along with it. There was a subtle shape of a penis in the typography. “The rainbow is obvious, then.”
There was a collective groan amongst the group. John shifted in place, uncomfortable in the tight workout clothing he was given, identical to the one hundreds of others in the facility were wearing. The captain continued on.
“Tell me,” he murmured in that honey voice, eyes welcoming. Falsely approachable. John closed his eyes for a moment and fisted at the bedclothes before he could fall into the trap.
and just like that, he doesn’t realize why it’s been so difficult. Why he’s been afraid to give in, to bare his soul, when their souls were never covered to begin with, not to each other. He thinks of meeting Sherlock for the first time at Bart’s, of running through London with him, of visiting his grave, of saving him from death, of Chinese food and pale eyes and fake suicides and gunshots and guilt and stag nights and jealousy and secret sisters and words unspoken and
She made her way downstairs, muttering to herself all the way while John mulled over her words. A drug problem?
Sherlock’s fingertips were numb. “It was… It was all science. First, I determined the height of the top of Bart’s from-”
John scooted closer. “Sure.”
Those slender fingers were far from relaxed, as if Sherlock would pull them away at any moment, but he held still. “I wish they wouldn’t come back, then.”
To John’s horror, Sherlock snorts and says, “It certainly did the trick.”
Nearly. Then a man stepped from the shadows and into the light, arms crossed over a thick chest, and John’s heart slicked down to his stomach. He skidded to a stop. He turned around, maybe to try and find a path back the way he came, but the three men were nearly there, already too close to skirt around.
The walk back to Stansex was a good twenty minutes, as the cemetery was shared between several towns. John had managed to make the walk there closer to an hour, but he was pleasantly surprised by the way Sherlock had slowed his pace and never tried to rush. Months of walking to Bart’s had strengthened John’s stamina with the cane if not his speed. Luckily, the walk was on a cobblestone pavement that was in relatively good condition.
“Are you alright?” John asked, gauging if it elicited a response. Not even the twitch of an eyelid, nothing to show that he was heard. He looked back to Mike, but only found mirrored confusion. He took another step forward, and couldn’t help reaching out a hand to his pulse point, trying to feel for irregularities. He faintly suspected a seizure, but it was much too early to diagnose.
and Sherlock biting back
This time, Sherlock was the one interrupting. Even from this height, John could see the sparkle in his eyes. “I do! Start swinging the rope!”
John grimaced. When did she get a one-way ticket to his personal life? He didn’t even have one. “... There’s nothing going on.”
Rosie’s fussing, so John pulls out a toy cell phone he had gotten inside one of the stores. Instead of pressing the light-up buttons, it goes right into her mouth. “I’m going to give you the presents I bought, as per your not-deduction.”
Sherlock quirks his mouth, giving the pipe a lasting look before setting it back on the table. He rearranges Rosie into a more secure position with a jiggle, and spots a table plushed and padded with dozens of toy animals. “Oh, Watson, how would you like to perform an autopsy on a stuffed elephant? Hm?” They bound away.
“No,” Sherlock corrected. “I’m going to help you up to your room now. Is that alright?”
John stares, and stares, and stares.
“John,” he replies carefully. His hands are behind his back, spine stiff, and Spock seems to have made a reappearance with his carefully blank expression. His words do nothing to negate the fact. “It is my understanding that there is a tradition on New Years Eve, occurring between the countdown and the champagne toast. Are you aware of it?”
“Fascinating,” John heard him mutter.
Questions raced around his skull, but John only voiced one. “Why are you helping me escape the men you hired to kill me?”
ed, her face drawn into worry. “Whenever people become addicted to drugs, the
ME: Rather, interesting. Are you also equipped with Google?
“I lied to get out of going to the banquet.” John grimaced. “I don’t like crowds of people very much, nor loud music. Not really my ‘scene’.”
“Can I switch it out for
“My left shoulder,” he gasped. “I think I... dislocated it.”
Sherlock smirked as he unfolded himself from the cab, leaving John to finish up. He spun around and leaned against the car, ducked down so he could still watch John in the back seat. “Took you long enough,” Sherlock said. “It’s been weeks since you left it in Stansex.”
had John’s favorite sweater been littered with holes (“John, I
John huffed under his breath. “Fair enough. Truth be told, I’m already in Plymouth. I’m coming by tomorrow.”
“Pardon?”
John wrapped his still-wet fingers around Sherlock’s cock, slicking it as much as he could. Sherlock made to rearrange them but John shook his head, already climbing back into his lap. “Like this, yeah?”
“Yes, the heart attack was induced by his wife for access to his estate.”
Sherlock was gone for the day, saying that he would not return until late. To not wait up. John hadn’t responded, which was apparently good enough. He couldn’t remember.
He studies John for a beat, and then gently turns back to the case and slides off the top. Nestled in maroon velvet is the pipe. “I…” he starts, and he’s looking at the box so lovingly that John nearly feels jealous. Perhaps a bit more than ‘nearly’. Sherlock swallows audibly. “You bought it.”
“I found it,” Sherlock called from further back in the small clearing. He was cleaning off the lichens from the stone with his elbow, sleeves bunched at the bicep. John limped his way over, careful on the slick ground beneath his feet.
He loved John with an aching passion, a fire that had reached its maximum and refused to extinguish. He loved him like mankind needed water, an all-encompassing thing that was without question and was determined in the very fiber of his being. He wanted him in every sense of the word, in every definition of ‘want’ and ‘lust’ and ‘love’. Sherlock was collectively the most selfish and unselfish man in the world when it came to John Watson. He would kill himself if it meant John could be safe, and he would writhe and tangle with him even though John was a happily taken man.
Ah. So this is what love felt like.
“A severed finger, sir,” the overseer commented, though going by her expression she doubted the accusation.
"I am," he said quickly, and seemed to shake himself out of whatever playful mood he was in. He spared a glance back at John, clearing his throat. "Let's just focus on the plan, shall we?"
Mycroft seemed to refrain from rolling his eyes. “Aren’t you? Would you really like to make an enemy…”
It looked exactly the same as it did five years ago when he was in training. A bit deflated-looking amongst its more modern neighbors, it still stood tall with history and imperial brickwork. Grabbing a coffee from his usual stop, John took a much-needed rest on one of the vacant benches in the nearby park. With a sip, he tried to think about nothing and found himself utterly shit at it.
Footsteps hurried towards them, heavy-footed, and John let Sherlock go with haste and moved away. The cold at Sherlock’s side was instant.
The words were utterly innocent. Sherlock’s heart sank even more. “Yes. Ready.”
After a long look to the mural of a half-naked man on the adjacent wall, John gave a nod. It must still be early; there was no line, but a steady number of people entering and exiting. John shrugged out of his jacket and pushed it to Sherlock’s chest.
“You think I’m flawless?”
Sherlock waved it away, like warrants were but a boring concept. “It’s not my fault you can’t keep up!” He started back down the stairs, two steps at a time.
“M’shoes,” he complained, halfheartedly kicking his feet together to slide his shoes off to no avail. “Please,” he added.
“I was saddened,” she says, letting Rosie push a tiny finger into one of her tightly-coiled ringlets, “to hear about your wife. It’s… well, awful. I’m sorry for your loss.”
“Oh yeah, sure. Go to the doctor who can’t figure out how to work the bloody scanner to tell you if you have flesh-eating bacteria or just a rash.”
“Oh,” John replied, in his infinite eloquence. The grip on his cane clenched and unclenched. “Should I…?”
The computer hummed as it worked, and when the results loaded, one of the links caught his eye. ‘How to know if you are a vampire’. It sounded fake, rudimentary, but that’s all John had at the moment. He quickly scanned through the list.
“Because,” he says, eyes boring through John’s and tendering the barest amount, “Between the both of us, I’m the brain. That leaves you the heart, and you never fail to do something kind for someone else. You’re more heart than I am brain. That’s why, ‘obviously’.”
She shook her head. “Cremation. It’s set for tonight.”
Sherlock cocked his head, closer to the glass than John had thought. His own elbow was similarly braced, hand cupped at the back of his neck. “What do you mean?”
This part of the cemetery was unfamiliar, but essentially the same as the rest of it. Why he was following orders from the man (Sherlock’s bloody brother!) who had hired people to kill him, he hadn’t the faintest. All he knew was that the paths were clearly marked, and while there were no signs pointing to where the exit was, it was easy enough to guess. The smaller walkways all forked into the larger ones, again and again – following this formula, he’d eventually make it back to the entrance he came in from in the first place.
He would have to approach this at a different angle, it seemed.
The realization was a spark behind Sherlock’s eyes, and he dropped the set of clothing into his chair. He leaned onto the back of it heavily, hands braced. “Is that why you came, then?”
“Well. Yes, I have. Just the once, though. Barely even that.” Why was John backtracking? He had nothing to be ashamed for. “He’s the one that told me I was coming onto the ship, after all. Reiterating Sector A, though, but still.” John looked at him with his own eyes thoughtfully narrowed. “Is that a problem?”
John wasn’t a fool. But he was a realist.
“Rare type,” John commented. “I suppose not.”
John lets out a breath he didn’t even know he was holding, and then scrubs a hand over his face. “Go back to the music shop,” he says. “If you want, I mean. Buy the guitar. I’d… I’d like to hear you play. Really. And I think you’d like to play it again, too. The way you looked at it…” He shakes his head. “You wouldn’t be able to forgive yourself if you decided to go tomorrow and it’s gone.”
So be it. John finally found the switch, just beside the doors. He flicked it, and as the doors opened, he was blasted with frigid cold and the night sky just beginning to brighten, like those weeks before when he and Sherlock ventured outside of the dome. Beside the electric smell of the cold, John detected a hint of something slightly foul, almost like gasoline. He leaned out of the doorway as far as he dared.
John glances up to where Sherlock’s still facing the stove. “So,” he replies.
In a desperate sort of way, Lestrade yelled, “Just give me
John, obedient in the face of some answers, peeled the tail off of a shrimp and popped it into his mouth. Satisfied, Sherlock lowered his voice.
John couldn’t help it.
“I need-” John began, locking his hands into dark curls and breath puffing in hot air. He tried to draw their mouths together, but Sherlock resisted with an instinct he hated with a passion at that moment.
“Sherlock? I’m home, is that you?”
John grumbled something in response, but pocketed the card anyway. Clouds were quickly rolling in, covering up the sun until the sunlight was merely diffused. Upon finding a parking spot and switching gears to park, the pair opened their doors in unison and slid to the ground.
He was thin now, much too thin. Gaunt. Marriage to an assassin and a faux pregnancy had done him no favors. He was beautiful. He never wore jumpers anymore, and had begun to put product in his hair. At first Sherlock had supposed it was his sort of mid-life crisis, but now... he wasn’t so sure.
Lines of pale scar tissue whipped across Sherlock’s back, slightly raised but clean in execution. A few smaller lashes in a couple of places, thicker and straight from the stab of a knife. Small dots at his shoulder blades, shinier like burns. Cigarettes. Otherwise, there were a few less-noticeable nicks here and there, ones that John was trying desperately not to catalogue.
Have you met him?”
heard it. Blinking slowly, John continued with his progress. He was just getting to three-fourths full, the sky a lighter blue, when he felt the rumbling.
But was there something about Stansex that didn’t meet the eye, a deeper meaning that drew the residents back in? He could feel it, feel the yearning to stay instead of return to London. It was insignificant enough that John could ignore it, knowing that his home was in the greater city, but the magnet to his blood still stood.
John was about to reply with confusion, but then he paused. Oh.
“My room? Why?”
John keened.
John studied him for a hard moment, but Sherlock seemed sincere, if John even knew what that looked like. He nodded, and took a sip of his water. “Okay.”
Sherlock didn’t have to think on it long, as it had been the popular topic to ponder the past few hours. “I would be overjoyed to have him back,” he said softly, defeatedly.
Why did everything have to be so bloody
The Sherlock way of saying ‘please go on, I secretly want to hear more but asking for it wouldn't match my aloof facade’. John didn’t know if he’d ever get used to this seemingly detached man being so interested in his life, and he wasn’t going to start now.
. Scared of
“I needed data,” Sherlock shot back, his own jaw beginning to betray his irritation. “I asked for permission
When he could, this Sherlock could definitely use his looks to his advantage. The woman at the desk was certainly not scared of him, cheeks flushed at the attention. She seemed to keep her wits about her, though, and her fingers were measured on her keyboard.
about what he’d do when he caught up to him. His breathing is uneven.
Wait. What?
“How’s London treating you?”
god, John!
Molly flung herself around, eyes suddenly sharp and unnervingly Sherlockian on his face. “You,” she breathed. “You mean, that… are you saying…?”
Thomas, single father of two girls, used to have shaggy blond hair. Now, he was sheriff for Stansex. Darcy had always been the funniest of the group, and now she was recently engaged and unemployed, her fiance a realtor. Ronald ‘Ronnie’ was the ginger boy that cried whenever he lost a game, who became a pediatrician and father to nine (!). Gillian was one of the teachers at Stansex for the primary grades, the class size this year up to a whopping sixty-three. And last was Mary, John’s first best friend (and crush), who had grown up helping her mother run the bed and breakfast.
Her happiness dimmed a bit, but she wasn’t upset. Her hand returned to his arm. “Of course, I’m sorry for your loss. There’s other times we can make a date, after all.”
Sherlock pushed their foreheads together, hips breaking into uneven rhythm as he came. “Oh, god, John,” he hoarsed. “
. He closed his eyes with a helpless sound, letting his head fall into his hands.
It took less than a minute, from start to finish. Was this a hallucination? How were things still happening around him?
From downstairs, a guitar plays a melody. It’s too quiet to make out, but it still drifts through the floor and echoes in the cavity of John’s chest. He can feel the plucked bass of the low notes in his ribs, the high strings in his heartbeat, the acoustic vibrations in his bloodstream. In the delirious way only a sleep-deprived man could, John imagines Sherlock playing him like a guitar, and isn’t surprised when he realizes, at least metaphorically, he already does.
couldn’t- An inhuman groan, and then in Mary’s place was a great black hound, translucent in the morning light and baring its gigantic yellow teeth. Its shoulders were at John’s head, and dominant fury seemed to ripple away from its fur, thick with hostility. With a growl it ran off into the forest, on the chase, and then…
“Oh, I imagine it’ll happen sooner or later.” His smile flashed crooked as he looked down, as if laughing at a secret joke. His words contradicted the grin. “I absolutely loathe the man, as he likes to stick his big fat nose where it doesn’t belong. That being said, expect a visit from him in the coming months.”
Another drag.“... And if I am?” Sherlock said carefully, looking determinedly out to the skyline. John’s humor fell as quickly as it had came, and he thought of that night weeks ago, when Sherlock fell into John’s chest and gave a heartfelt confession, not of love but of something else, of something much more vulnerable. Before John could even think up a reply, a cab pulled up by the curb.
He didn’t glance up when John entered, head bent to a microscope, but his shoulders tensed together ever so slightly as the door closed. His dark hair still curled perfectly, as far as Johh could tell, and his skin was still that deathly pale. There was a surgical mask over his mouth, even though he didn’t have on any other protective gear like an apron or eyewear. He was bent over rather than sitting, which couldn’t have been comfortable for long. John limped further into the room.
John crouches.
She leaned in closer, maneuvering around her large belly to tilt to the side until she fully faced Sherlock. Her eyes were unreadable, but her mouth wasn’t pursed and she didn’t try to straighten up to Sherlock’s sitting height. Nothing bad warranting her to attempt dominance, then. Sherlock let out an unperceivable breath.
“You’re forty-two, though you tell everyone you’re in your early thirties. You dye your hair that horrendous shade of auburn, thinking it looks natural, but the dye is too cheap and blotchy to fool anybody. You’re attempting to lose those last ten pounds of fat, telling yourself that it’s baby weight, except that your youngest is already in school and you enjoy the way cake tastes, in fact you had it yesterday at dinner. What was the occasion? A birthday, perhaps? It was your husband’s, but he was too busy sleeping with the secretary – how absolutely
He waved his hand in a circle and tilted his head, miming a bow, before turning back to his microscope. Behind them both, the doors to the lab opened. John smiled when he recognized the visitor.
“Sherlock...” he repeated, though this time it held both heat and warmth. The warmth from his eyes, inexplicably tender and nearly sad as they traced Sherlock’s features. The heat from his skin, hips still pressed together and tongue peeking out to wet his lips.
The voice wasn’t familiar, except for the fact that it was. John’s definitely never heard it before, posh and pinched and almost nasal. But it was smooth and immensely pleasant for reasons he couldn’t explain, hypnotic through the cell waves, and John knew without a doubt that the man he was talking to was the same… whatever it was that Sherlock was. He took a chance.
Just.
I had a doctor willing to accompany me.”
“Sherlock...” he began, for what it’s worth seeming defeated. But there was fire in his eyes. “Do you... Are you...”
It was a sizable stack, so John quickly took it from her and dropped it at the mantel. He caught the topmost envelope before it could slide off, shuffling it back on top. “Sherlock, post! Ta, Mrs. Hudson, would you like to join us for breakfast?”
Sherlock scoffed and shook his head. "I give myself as much credit as I deserve. You're kind."
Unfortunately (or fortunately), for the whole next week Sherlock was nowhere to be found.
“John!” Sherlock hissed from further ahead. Tearing his eyes from the scene, John speed walked ahead.
Sherlock dipped his head, both a thanks and an acknowledgement. The room cleared a bit. “I was thinking ordering room service; it looks as if it’s going to rain.”
. The college likes to hold one to welcome any incoming students for the next semester, and they, erm, like to invite the workers as well.” She tried for a smile, but it was more of a grimace. “Sherlock never likes to go, but I didn’t know if you felt the same way…”
Sherlock shushed him gently, supporting John the best he could. “I walked with you, John. I needed to go to Tesco’s for shaving cream, you knew that. How hard did you hit your head?”
“I love you,” Sherlock said into the mirror, breathless in his revelation.
John sighed under his breath, shifting in his seat as he struggled to find the words he wanted to say. “I… well, it’s really not the best idea, is it? I mean, there’s a reason we aren’t supposed to go outside. It’s too dangerous.”
Sherlock’s always been this way. He’s just been so impossibly scared of showing it all. Of showing it to a world that’s done nothing but condemn him for his differences, of showing it to a flatmate that’s done the same.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up, but he didn’t question John’s motives. “I’ll need you to follow me, and keep quiet. We won’t have long before we’ll be discovered, and I would prefer for that to happen after I return.”
He emphasizes the last part. “
men have an eye for style and fashion. My hairstylist is gay, did you know that, John? His name is Carlos and he does such a
John could feel a rumble between their chests. “Quite right,” Sherlock said decidedly. “I need a shower.”
He passed by the door with his eyes straight ahead, and feigned tiredness when Sherlock called twenty minutes later to invite him over for a game of chess. It was fine. All fine.
“Lead the way.”
As if realizing that himself, Sherlock’s face fell the barest amount and he shook his head as if to clear it. “Right. Have a good sleep, then.”
“He’s back,” she said simply, ponytail swishing as she swiveled her chair towards her screen. John didn’t initially understand, but his lightbulb lit right up when she straightened the post-it at her desk.
He cleaned at the skin above the next person’s vein, keeping his eyes trained downward. “Not exactly.”
Sherlock huffed. “Dreadful thing, donating blood,” he said offhandedly. “My iron is low enough already. Just thinking about blood makes me dizzy.”
He heard John come closer, the helicopter still in gear and kicking off from the sand. When he was somewhat close, there was the metallic click in the air. John’s gun. He was disarming it, Sherlock realized, emptying it of ammunition
Time slowed. The chair tipped so that his back was facing the floor. The ship beneath him roared to life with a violent, bone-deep vibration. John was harshly and forcefully pushed down into the pull of gravity as the great DSE Intrepid took off, the rings releasing a bluish fire as it launched. His fingers were pressed painfully into his thighs, only partially from the g-force.
A man in an almost-white jumpsuit pushed into the crowd, ‘HEAD ENGINEER’ sewn onto his breast. He was oddly baby-faced for the job. He looked John up and down, and then glanced over at the exit bay. Luckily, Sherlock was already out of sight, so the glance was short-lived. “Something about someone requiring medical assistance?”
A rarity, one that Sherlock didn’t care about at the moment. “John wants primrose flowers at the wedding,” he said offhandedly. “It reminds him of the summers in Devon county with his grandparents. Mary told me that she would prefer flowers with more substance, perhaps roses.”
“Good,” John replied simply. His voice was lower; he was nearly asleep. “M’sorry I din’t…”
At that, Sherlock looked up with a frown. He ran his eyes over Sarah’s frame, rapid, as if he could study the reason for her visit right out of her cardigan. When he zeroed in on the post-it, he relaxed. “Where is it?”
Right. Before John can hurriedly change the subject, Sherlock slides the arm that’s pressed between them up and over the body of the guitar, so that his hand is ghosting over the strings beside John’s. “I’ll show you one.”
Soon, John’s hips became frantic from what Sherlock could feel from beneath his arm. “Sherlock, I’m…” he warned, his hand releasing Sherlock’s hair to tangle into his bedsheets.
“I got a report about a severed finger in the hull. I don’t understand how you haven’t heard about it, a severed finger would result in quite a bit of blood.”
“John Watson,” he heard that familiar voice purr, words intentionally quiet and void of any earlier tension. His soft voice rolled off John's spine like a water drop. “He just joined the temporary staff in the labs, I believe.”
John tried to placate, choosing his words carefully. “Well, no. Not to me, not if it means us having to part ways and never speak to another again.” He
“Yes.”
John’s brow was low over his eyes, permanently etched in disbelief. His hand shook. ‘Beautiful’.
“As I said, they’re preparing it at the moment. There’s two hours until launch, so engineering should be nearly finished with the lasting touches. There’s a staircase connected to the exit, I assume.” At John’s look, he rolled his eyes. “I won’t just step out into midair, John. At the exit, I’ll be able to see if the stairs are set up. If not, I’ll recalculate.”
“John?” Sherlock asks, drawing their eyes together. “Are you ready to leave?”
“Me too,” he breathed, arms winding tighter. “Me too. Just…”
“That would be fantastic, Sarah, thank you.” Sherlock grabbed his overcoat from the lab table, shrugging it on in one flamboyant twirl. He tossed John his. When John caught it, taken aback, he was worried to find Sherlock’s black eyes sparkling. “Care to see a crime scene?”
“I’ve never been the one to prattle on– that was always Harry’s job.” He felt himself smile, eyes glazing over, and he chuckled under his breath.
Sherlock tossed him an empty vial. “Fill that to the brim with dirt, I’ll draw a bit of my blood and test the oxygenation levels.” He went to move away, but paused. “Go further inland for the samples. I don’t know when another hyper-rail will come through.”
As if making up his mind, head nodding, Mike binned his own cup and grabbed his jacket from the table. There was a strange expression on his face, one that John couldn’t name. “Just one. There are labs underneath Bart’s, as you probably remember. All sorts of things, from forensics to chemistry to even the occasional physical therapy, whenever it gets too loaded up here. Since it’s the end of term, a lot of jobs down there are going to be up for grabs during the summer. Maybe you’d like an assistant job, to get back on your feet before moving to something more suiting?”
of in fear of inducing a panic attack. He opens his mouth as if to speak, but then realizes that he doesn’t even know where to begin.
John was drunk. And god, Sherlock hated himself for it, but he felt hope blossoming in his chest at the fact. When John didn’t say anything, breathing labored and fists clenched at his sides, Sherlock risked his words.
John rolls his eyes, but Sherlock doesn’t even spare him a glance, already bouncing in his shoes like it’s Christmas. “Sherlock-”
“Twenty-two-point-five seconds,” Sherlock called back.
Lestrade sensed it too, and he nodded, appearing satisfied. “Right, then.” He glanced at John, but Mycroft beat him to the punch.
Sherlock, twitchy as he lounges on the couch, swivels his hips without warning so he’s upside-down with his bare feet lightly thudding against the wall. He narrows his eyes. “Hm,” he hums.
he wants to say.
With a sigh, Sherlock helped him up with considerably more strength needed than he expected. He wrapped an arm around John’s waist and threw the other man’s arm over his shoulder, supporting the majority of his weight. From there on, Sherlock led them back through the doorway and towards the stairwell leading up to John’s bedroom. John had made it up the first flight of stairs; the second shouldn’t be too difficult, should it?
“Oh?” John questioned weakly, using every ounce of his strength to seem nonchalant. “Almost?”
Molly visibly flinched, dropping a test tube on the counter. It didn’t break, but the glass hit the countertop with a sharp resonance, striking at John’s ears. He felt himself immediately regretting the words. “I’m sorry, Molly. I know that you weren’t… you were just trying to help him. I’ve long since forgiven you, I promise.” He sighed quietly, and said something that he never wanted to allow himself to say. “Molly, has it ever occurred to you that maybe those ‘five times’... they weren’t fun for me? I… care about him deeply. Far too much. But he doesn’t want me, and that’s fine. All… fine. He’s more than a… drunken fling, much more than that, but he doesn’t want to
John kept the job at Bart’s, determined to come in Monday and tell that cock Sherlock off for being… well, a cock. He was mostly frustrated at the hatred thrown his way for no apparent reason, and didn’t understand how to go about it. So, obviously, hostility was an excellent retaliation.
A tense moment, and then Sherlock let out a quiet sigh, his face losing some of its hardness. “I do apologize for ignoring you these last few weeks, it was not my intention. I do
He was stuttering. Well, his equivalent of it. Intrigued, John stayed on the table and tried to will his pulse to slow. “… Alright.”
The original estimate was five, but John wouldn’t be surprised, not at this speed. “If we survive it,” he replied.
Sherlock passed right by the main road that would take them back to Baker Street, headed southeast instead in the direction of Canary Wharf. “Your scent,” he clipped.
“Oh, John,” he greeted, surprising John with his arrival. John jumped and spun around, eying Sherlock’s obviously drunken frame with wariness. Molly’s earlier words rung again inside of his head. “Always a pleasure,” Sherlock continued, words slurred.
, so he hadn’t given it any thought… except for the fact that it had stayed planted in his brain, all these years later. Obviously, the lights were on upstairs long before he realized they were himself.
Sherlock’s grin was wolf-like. “He donated his body to science,” as if that was answer enough. “How fast can you sever all four of his limbs? I’m assuming you’re a bit out of practice.”
No one answered. “Damn it,” John cursed, whipping around back the way he came. He found the rope he had noticed earlier, and lifted with all of his might to unhook it from the jut it was wrapped around. Christ, it was heavy, but he draped the bulk of it around his shoulders and tried to keep his breathing consistent as he rushed back to the bay. More and more people stopped to stare, but none offered to help (figures; they’re engineers).
Sherlock’s face is still hidden. John feels relief that he didn’t break his best friend, and then fondness, and then… well, he thinks. Something new. Something awfully familiar, though something he’s never felt this potently before. Something he probably knows the name to, but would never even
“I don’t, you know,” she finally says, eyes drawn to her feet. “Love him. Not anymore, not after this. I used to, I think, but I. Well, that is to say, he and I… he never, and I was being…”  She’s getting worked up, a flush creeping up her neck.
“What’s this all about, then?”
“Yes, that!” John confirmed.
Sherlock rubbed at the swelling around the cut lightly with his bare hands, his skin just as good as an icepack. John sighed in relief. Sherlock seemed to notice, as he didn’t stop the gentle contact. “Cut and dry, my kind should primarily live off of human blood to sustain at the peak of our abilities. A body a week is roughly what a vampire can live off of comfortably. Now, there
Rosamund has Mary’s nose and ears, thank god. It’s hard to tell at this age, but she seems to have John’s overall bone structure, short and stocky, and her thick eyelashes surround dark blue eyes the exact same color as his. Somehow, in some impossible, wonderful way, she has a faint cupid’s bow reminiscent of Sherlock’s, as well as a mole dotting her neck in the same place. When John kisses her atop the head, the wispy curls that brush his nose are much too similar to the ones he sees on someone a good bit taller, and several shades the wrong color. He’s immensely grateful that his brain searches for these similarities, rather than mourn the ones with his late wife, and he’s also not at all surprised. He’s spent nearly eight years finding Sherlock in everything he sees; he’s not going to stop now.
When Rosie notices him standing in the doorway, she shimmies down the sofa to toddle excitedly over to him. “Da!” She cries, pushing herself against John’s shins with her arms reaching up expectantly. John laughs and swings her up, pressing a kiss to her cheek.
Sherlock turns around, dressing gown almost falling off a shoulder and hair disheveled and one hand armed with a wooden spoon, the other clothed in an oven mit. It’s much more adorable than it has any right to be. “No, no, not that,” he says quickly. He points the spoon in John’s direction vaguely, like a fencing sword. “Yesterday. You… You said that there were. Erm. Things. That you needed to work through. Before you could tell me. Did you…?”
not averse, returning in a similar sense of frenzy as he gave himself into his long-dormant desires that were currently bubbling to the surface. When his hands dropped, it was to unbuckle John’s belt with a quick flick of his wrist, and to pop open the button of his jeans.
Sherlock. Blood-drinking, killing, devouring. Just…” John was hyperventilating, a voice in his head informed him. He was trying to focus, grasping at the disembodied memories from Red Lake, from the story that Mary had told him. From the
she, and how did John know her?
“Right, okay. What do you want me to do?”
John tries picking individual strings. “Composing,” he muses. “Have you ever written anything on the guitar?”
Sherlock’s biting the inside of his cheek, a nervous tic he’s picked up. “You’re bound to be correct once in awhile,” he finally replies.
“Not fun,” John agreed eventually, pressing his thumb along the line of Sherlock’s cheekbone. “Boring. Very boring.” His lips quirked a tad. His hands dropped to Sherlock’s shoulders, and he closed his eyes as if the contact was grounding him.
Mycroft sighed, expression unsurprised. “You would,” he agreed. “That’s where you differ from the good doctor, it seems.”
from? “I don’t think, I mean, he wouldn’t-”
“Doctor,” he heard Dimmock warn over a speaker. “The fumes from the thrusters are already in the atmosphere, and the dome has since been disassembled. If you open in the main doors, we won’t be able to let you back in without having to quarantine you.”
John had nearly forgotten about the very much
again, was John’s logic.
“Great! Oh, and you can invite your flatmate, we don’t mind.”
“Oh. Can I see it sometime? This ‘reaction’?”
“Oh, Sherlock,” he breathed.
“Accepted,” John said immediately. He’d never hurt Sherlock before, not like this, and it left a bitter taste in his mouth. “I’m sorry, too. You’re... not a poncy git.”
One of the blond brothers pointed to the sky, where digital numbers as big as a house flashed against the glass. The sun, dim by the dome’s UV protection, was gradually lowering in its path. John always forgot about the convenient information at the clear ceiling of the sports complex, whether it be the time or weather, or even just the current game scores. 18:41, the numbers read. “Right, then, let’s call it a day,” said John. “See you guys on Thursday.”
“I’m not,” John protested, unable to tamper the spark of arousal at the touch. His hands hesitantly bracketed Sherlock’s angular hips, and then gripped them as tight as possible. “I’m the same as the others.”
“No, no, I get it,” Lestrade interrupted, holding his hands up in surrender. “I’m not trying to air out any dirty laundry, or try to embarrass you. It’s just that I’ve known Sherlock for years, and the fact that he has a flatmate…” He shook his head. “You know he’s loaded, right?”
And then there was the sex. But that was eleven months, one week, and six days ago; he was sure John had forgotten about it, really. Sherlock sure had, of course.
“You have to run! John, run!”
Sherlock held the door open for John to climb in first, and smiled tightly. “Oh, same as yours,” he replied, “Save for the bed-and-breakfast. I have little use for either.”
“John,” he says, evidently his favorite word at the Moment (well, most moments). His eyes dart from his shoes to the window to quite literally anywhere else, but when he finally settles on John’s face, his stare is purposeful. “I… that is, thank you. Very much.”
“Sherlock,” he managed. Strong arms wrapped underneath his armpits, but he couldn’t kick with enough power to help the man drag him up.
By the time John is dead, many say the percentage will be down to 13%. Before his life is over, freshwater reserves will be barren. This was a simple fact, one that humanity (and others) have come to acknowledge and tolerate, if not accept.
Sherlock was staring at him with his mouth slightly agape. He shook his head in bafflement, a scoff on his lips, before turning back to the road. Anger wasn’t rippling off of him in waves anymore, so John ventured: “Better?”
“How?” He uttered, voice breaking slightly.
apologize for your ignorant conclusions in my direction, though. Of course I don’t regret saving your life. You’ll find that I feel quite the opposite in every scenario, when it comes to keeping you alive.”
John’s mind was reeling. “That doesn’t make any sense,” he said. “The virus wasn’t created, it emerged naturally. What is it that we find in our blood, then, if it doesn’t exist?”
John had a take a moment to fully process what he just watched, and then he openly grinned. “That’s brilliant!”
“Thank you,” he says. Sherlock hums in response.
Not ever, but that didn’t get the point across quite as well.
Sherlock’s face opened like sunlight breaking through clouds, holding an expression almost like revelation as he stared at John’s hand disbelievingly. His eyelashes were fluttering again. “John,” he whispered.
Sherlock’s hands fisted into the cushion. He didn’t deign his brother with a response.
There were fourteen Sectors on the planet, each identical save for their main exports and location. It was simply an easier way to control the now 125 million people on Earth, in a safe and coordinated manner. Switching between sectors was easy and painless, though it wasn’t a very common practice. The first seven sectors were mostly inhabited by clones, while the last seven were commonly for AIs. John, personally, resided in Sector 2, the sector for Biomedical Engineering. It didn’t mean he knew anything about the practice, it just happened to be the sector with the largest labs and experimental fields, all tucked in the heart of the province.
“Last bar,” Sherlock reminded.
But John didn’t forgive. On
ME: Excellent. It all began on the 6th of January, 1977. You see, I believe that Mycroft originally wanted a cat, and instead...
John cried out, hands scratching wonderfully hot lines down Sherlock’s back. His eyebrows were arched together, and his eyes squeezed shut. “Faster,” he breathed in lieu of a response.
A brief moment of silence, and Sherlock sighed. “I apologize.”
He looked guilty.
With a groan, John turned over until he was half-sprawled over the other man, pulling him closer wherever he could fit. “Already having second thoughts?” He nuzzled into Sherlock’s now-dry curls. “Too bad. You’re stuck with me, Holmes, always have been. Nothing you can do about it.”
Sherlock had his own tied perfectly at his collar, and he was right beside John in the bathroom, attempting to tame his dark auburn curls. He looked striking in his tuxedo. “I’m not the biggest fan, either, but unfortunately it’s mandatory and we don’t have enough leeway to skip, considering.”
John looks down. Sherlock’s mouth knocks against his forehead, his hairline. His hand drops to curl around John’s neck. Outside, there’s the distant, foreboding sound of thunder.
“Sherlock, let him go,” John ordered, hands patting the man's cheeks to bring him back to the present. “Look at me, right here. I’m right here.” Sherlock didn’t come down from wherever he was all at once, rather in intervals, his body wracked with shivers. “John,” he breathed. A pause, and then his charmingly vulnerable features went harsh again.
So, what? It was all fine. He just had verbal proof that Sherlock would be busy again that day, so there was no use in contacting him if it would be to rejection. No use at all.
“I mean,” he started, narrowly avoiding running into the chair, “That your subconscious has finally come to terms with the rest of your body, relinquishing whatever half-brained attraction you had somehow developed towards me. A human error in the first place, I’m sure.” His words were eloquent despite the drawn-out thickness of his tone.
John felt a shivering hand press back lightly against his skin, this time against his forehead. When he looked up, he saw Sherlock’s eyes as wide as saucers as he studied John’s body with renewed fervor. His lips were parted, and his face looked years younger in the worst of ways, like an unsure child.
Lestrade’s laugh was booming in the open facility, and John huffed out his own laugh, though a tad awkward when he truly thought about his own words. He wasn’t exactly kidding, nor had he undergone anything that could constitute ‘training’. As more and more people filed in, though, Lestrade changed the subject, for which John was grateful.
“But that’s already on the agenda for tomorrow,” Mycroft replied in false protest, clothes ruffling as he stood. If he got within kicking distance of the couch, Sherlock couldn’t be held accountable for what would happen. “For tonight, though, can’t you admit that perhaps I was correct?”
He could see the roof of a chapel up ahead, the foremost spire tipped high and imperious towards the smoggy night sky. John thought that he
Sherlock gave a nod, eyes searching John’s one last time, before he seemed satisfied and took a step back to a more appropriate distance. “Now that that's settled, John, there’s something I wanted to ask you. Next week, on Friday…”
—” He stops. Feels a tremor crawling up his right thigh. “I just… I need you to help me understand.”
“Of course.” He lifts his head enough for John to see his grin, painfully boyish. “Turns out, I’ve been grossly underestimating how good of a kisser you are.”
“Boss said he’d be near the crypts,” came a gruff voice, far enough away that the words were faint but close enough to hear the slight footfalls beneath it.
“So,” Sherlock begins slowly.
“Well, how am
John says nothing. He turns his head and catches the palm on his cheek, presses his mouth to it. Sherlock inhales sharply and leans forward. His nose catches on John’s temple. John closes his eyes. “I would just watch you,” he says, helplessly. “I would touch your… cheekbones, the arch of your nose, and…”
“Not at all.” As they emerged outside, the sky still dark with rain and the ground wet, Sherlock dug around in his trouser pocket. He pulled out a tin Altoid container, shaking the contents in John’s direction.
She blinked at him a few times, before turning back to her screen. Was she an AI? John felt a touch of alarm, before he caught the flush of pink in her cheeks. Clone, then.
John opened his eyes enough to find Sherlock somewhere above him, and he grabbed the collar of his dressing gown. His head throbbed painfully. “You were in the flat,” John managed, speaking slowly to enunciate the words. “Five seconds – five seconds from 221B to across the street. That... you can't... that's not possible.”
“No, it’s perfectly fine. I like that one the most, it’s really a lovely shade.” John clears his throat. “Nice color, rather.”
“She likes you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Irrelevant example, flesh-eating bacteria won’t be aboard the ship, I’ve made sure of it.”
I thought…” He rubs his eyes with the heels of his hands, and admits, “I don’t know what I was thinking.”
Well, John thought, lips twisting as he turned back inside. That’s just not going to happen.
said it with genuine doubt, as if the fact contradicted everything he knew about the discovered world, that the little human had preferences just like anyone else. John couldn’t help an incredulous laugh.
When both he and the rope held, John breathed out a sigh of relief.
John’s eyes were wide, unblinking. So
LOG 1.596
“Hm. Not sure,” he said slowly. “I noticed something off yesterday, but I couldn’t be positive. Now, though… it seems as though you have an admirer.”
“John,” he muttered again, voice rougher than it’s ever been.
Sherlock’s lips quirked at that. “I suppose,” he admitted. He then gave an odd sort of expression, one with soft eyes that made John feel warm and unexpectedly pained all at once. Like his heart had decided to pulse with even more fervor at the sight of those unlikely dimples on such an illustrated face. With the abruptness of an avalanche, John realized that his feelings for the man were beginning to reach past the respectful level expected for a brief acquaintance, and into something terrifyingly close. Like a friendship built off of years, rather than hours.
He swallowed.
ME: Yes, like in the program’s title, just until we find something more fitting. Is that adequate?
In the cab ride back home, where John’s hand is splayed on the middle seat, Sherlock slides his own over to press their pinkies together. John looks over to where the lights of London alight his skin, pale throat peaking through his open collar and against the curve of his jawline. John wants to know if that skin is cool from the chilly autumn air, or warm instead.
“Hey, hey,” John says consolingly. “You don’t have to explain anything to me, Molly. Really.”
“I’ve got something for you both,” Lestrade says, voice crackling through the receiver. “Sorry, Sherlock, I know the serial killers have decided to take a bit of a break recently. Hopefully this makes up for it.”
“Rich. Money coming out the ears. Financially, he’s in no need of a flatmate.” At John’s befuddled look, he admitted, “I know his brother.”
She paused, and then laughed hesitantly. “It’s… well, it’s just a scary story, you know? Something to scare the kids from staying out late.”
John gave him more.
second, there’s a grin so brilliant on his face that it’s the embodiment of spring itself and John’s just so… helpless. That’s the word for it. Sherlock bites his lips to reel himself back in before nodding, once, and brushing past back into the kitchen.
seeing the man. Yet on Thursday, he couldn’t help but ask after him.
“Ah, ah,” John groaned testily, his shoulder jostling. At that Sherlock immediately pulled back, eyes blurry but face otherwise set. He almost looked… determined? Before John could guide him through it, Sherlock had his hands braced and John’s shoulder was being painfully lurched back into its socket. When the sharpness dulled into an ache, though, John blinked up at the man. “Are you alright?”
“Oh, John, by the way, I found this on the stairs, one of you must have dropped it. It’s so romantic.”
“What?”
Sherlock smiled, face transforming into something much younger than he was, hidden dimples flashing. John was flattered from how Sherlock’s face positively lit up just at the fact he was agreeing to accompany him. “As I said, Molly was unenthusiastic. I believe she’s still angry that I, in her words, ‘stood her up on a date I invited her out on’. I don’t remember doing such a thing, but regardless, she’s upset. So, we’ll have to go with my alternate plan.”
“Sherlock…”
John stops with a sharp inhale. “What?”
John sings dramatically, slowly, prompting Sherlock to hesitantly begin playing again,
Mary laughed a kind sound. “Oh, no, don’t worry about it. Wake up in Guatemala with matching tattoos, it won’t bother me. Just make sure he has fun and gets back to me in one piece, yeah? Oh, and preferably a small tattoo, if need be.”
He can’t tell if he’s telling the truth or trying to convince himself.
Upstairs, his daughter sleeps. It’s not something that’s going to work forever, this arrangement, but it’ll have to do for now. The decision made the most financial sense; Mary’s death meant their income had taken a nosedive, and she had never taken out life insurance. The government doesn’t often help those with stolen identities.
John held the door open for him, studying his features with a clinical eye. No wrinkles, nor any sign of sagging skin. He seemed to be in perfect health, maybe even at his peak. There was also a sense of maturity at his stance, no vestiges of adolescence left in the way he held his shoulders. “Can’t say a day over twenty-eight.”
Unprisoned from its earthly bond,
With a grin, Sarah leaned over the table to peck his cheek. John smiled lightly, really trying to make it meet his eyes and seem less like a clumsy twist of his lips, and when she pulled back she seemed convinced. She bid him farewell, but he stayed at the table, ears red in personal embarrassment. Why was he so
“It’s the coolest part of the night, just before sunrise. We won’t be out for long.” Sherlock held open the door for John and paused, glancing down at him thoughtfully. “How do you feel about deep-sea digging, by the way?”
Sherlock completely released John, stumbling a step back. When John turned around in confusion, Sherlock pounced.
“So, John, there’s this banquet coming up…”
It is a simple fact, not an opinion nor any sort of half-arsed claim, that Sherlock Holmes is a passionate man that feels things in a potent, all-encompassing way, one in which he takes great lengths to pretend doesn’t exist.
too much. It was only a quick Google search and some introspective daydreaming, to be honest. Worryingly, Sherlock was right: if this Mycroft (?) had ordered men to dispose of him, that meant that whatever John
“What are you,” John blurted.
“John Watson? Hello,” came a female voice from the other line. Ice wrapped its fingers around his spine when he realized that he was being followed. How the
“Don’t listen to him,” Sherlock says. “He just hasn’t had his sugar allowance for the day. He gets cranky.”
John was leaving. John was going back into the battlefield and
The room burned as hot as fire, and altogether both men fell into each other.
John’s words surprise them both.
Because Sherlock couldn’t. John could barge in right now and slide into bed without a word, and Sherlock would be at his mercy. It was pathetic, but true.
“Oh right.” John shakes his head to clear it, but he finds his eyes wanting to stray back to the kitchen, like a moth to a flame. “He’s fine, we’re fine. He’s amazing with Rosie, shockingly enough. I never would’ve thought.”
At work, the accident only seemed to have thrown him into the center of attention.
John slammed the laptop closed and wretched it away, chest heaving under the pressure. He pressed a fist to his chest to keep the panic from bursting, his heartbeat pounding against his fingers. His bones throbbed with his veins.
He snapped his head in Mycroft’s direction, but the man hadn’t spoken. John frowned and shook his head of the floating words that had interrupted him, and didn’t even bother to finish what he was saying.
He was, of course, unsuccessful.
Sherlock’s none the wiser concerning John’s thoughts, for once. “No,” he replies, and then immediately cocks his head and says, “Well, maybe.”
as result of his dream. If there were any doubts remaining on his attraction towards men (see: a man), they had to be fully gone by now. Fifteen minutes before he was far enough away from the flat to breathe clearly. After forty-five minutes, he realized he was walking without a cane. He pushed that to the back of his mind before his leg decided to react to the news itself.
John insisted, maneuvering his flat keys with his phone and cane, groceries hooked around one elbow.
Sherlock didn’t come down from wherever he was all at once, instead in intervals. Barely-there glances, which soon became longer and longer until John felt trapped again, this time in a tumultuous gaze not unlike the crashing ocean waves out deep in the Pacific. Sherlock was shaking very, very minutely, almost as if the frigidity of his own skin had frostbitten him. The man he was choking dropped to the ground. “John,” he breathed.
London, at night. John couldn’t recognize the street, but he could always recognize the city. Fog misted the ground, streetlights dim, and that’s when he was able to narrow down the reason behind his uneasy feeling.
“Reluctantly, yes. That song, it’s
“Do you…” John looked down at his hands, folded together on the table, and forced the next words out. “Do you think it would be safer if we… didn’t know each other, then?”
ME: ... And?
After an awkward few seconds, John tried to ease the tension. “I didn’t know I had
Between the avoidance and the almost-glares, there was only one thing for John to deduce: when Sherlock had saved John from getting run over, for whatever reason, he was finding himself regretting it.
John Watson, in response, was a straightforward man. Emphasis (usually) on the ‘straight’, mind you.
John’s mouth was opening and closing in intervals, and he was sure he looked like a gaping fish. “Commander, I… well, he and I aren’t...”
ME: ...
“I’ve never heard that one before,” he says truthfully.
close to responding to the ‘cheating spouse’ cases that litter his email. A distraction is needed. Badly.
“I told you,” came Sherlock’s voice. “I needed to go to Tesco’s for-“
–kerzh-
“I’m not one for declarations of love,” John says. “You make fun of me being a ‘romantic’ or of poems you’re convinced I write for every which girlfriend, but truth is, I’m bloody terrified. I get angry too easily, I hold grudges, I’m illogical, half the time I can’t even explain why I’m upset, but you…” John huffs out a laugh. “Years ago, if somebody asked me if you were capable of love, I wouldn’t have known how to answer. Now, I
Sherlock flops over on himself, somehow emerging upright on the floor in the whirlwind move. With the hintings of a sly smile, he maneuvers around the coffee table while tugging his shirt over his head, bunching up the ratty tee before pelting it in John’s direction. John barks a laugh, snatching it away from his face. The fabric is still warm. Rosie babbles sheep noises in delight from beside him.
preferable combination, Sherlock thought. With a sense of bravery that Sherlock didn’t know he had, he inched his hands down to John’s arse to grip and sway, taking control. Sweat was plastering his shirt uncomfortably to his skin and making his curls damp, but it was worth it to hear John’s groan.
He turned his head again, and they narrowly missed a curb. His teeth were perfect and blindingly white in a crooked grin. “Because you like the way I look in them.”
He slowly raises his hand. Hesitates, then presses his thumb in the hollow beneath John’s bottom lip, runs it up the line of his jaw. Shifts his palm against John’s cheek, threads the tip of his fingers in his hair. John’s hands grip the table behind him.
That wasn’t expected. “Huh?” John said dumbly.
“... are friends with his brother?” She finished for him, not unkindly.
John guffaws, almost falling off his feet. He shoves Sherlock’s shoulder playfully.
“Sherlock,” Mike said, attempting to hide the shakiness in his tone. This hadn’t happened before, then, which only furthered John’s fears. “Do I need to call somebody?”
John winced slightly, but before he could say anything she rushed out a good-bye and the line went dead. It was doubtful that Sherlock would endure a polite drink by the lake with strangers. Thoughtful, John rubbed his thumb over the inscription on the back of his cell before sliding it into his pocket. He glanced up, where Sherlock was staring at him a bit more clinically than usual. Specifically, at his waist.
It took five minutes to walk off the persistent arousal that had
with enough potency to warrant a confession, and… he’s just
Bloody AIs. “Okay, then. Thanks a lot.”
That sounded about right. John nodded slowly, shifting uncomfortably where he stood. “Right. Sherlock, we should probably-”
Sherlock nodded vacantly, and then disappeared into the bathroom. John, with a great huff of breath, fell back into his pillows. He felt his bad leg buzz, as if the muscles were tensing uncontrollably, before he realized it was just his phone vibrating.
The responding noise was completely overdramatic, in his opinion.
John locked his jaw shut, and Sherlock snorted through his nose. The taller man scrubbed a towel through his soaked hair. “Go to work, help out with the drive. I’ll be packed when you return.”
He watched him from between his fingers. “At this point, I don’t have a choice anymore. You’ve been much more observant than I had previously thought.”
“Tired?”
“To what?” He asked innocently. Because he was an idiot, apparently, and he was hoping that ignorance would scare her off. Obviously, he was wrong.
Outside of the window, he watched the dawning sky turn darker and darker. When the Earth’s sky below was covered in a visible film from the lingering atmosphere, the window dimmed until it was black and John was left with his own reflection.
“-Watson,” the man finished for him, shaking himself out of whatever trance he was in. He seemed exhausted, as if he hadn’t slept over the night, though John supposed he probably looked the same. The man dropped his bottle of water just outside of the ropes and slid out of his sports jacket. He wore the same tight workout clothing the crew was collectively given, though he wore it considerably better than most.
“Why does everyone think I’m some sort of hermit holed up since the nineteenth century, avoiding technology like the plague? I listen to contemporary music, John, and sometimes I even
“Reflexes still incredibly sharp, then, after all these years,” Mycroft said offhandedly, a look almost resembling pride crossing his otherwise blank features. “That’s the cerebellum, the part of the brain that controls voluntary movement, though that catch was far from voluntary, wasn’t it? And then there’s the part of the brain that is the center for muscle memory itself, which deals with learned automatic and habitual action, though the name escapes me… the ba…?”
Sherlock twisted his lips in disgust. “Benchpress.”
When John came back into his body, he was seated at the table in 221B.
"Okay... that's at least doable," John said slowly, nodding his head. "Wait - there are some chasms just outside. I remember seeing them when arriving here the first day, something about the dehydration of the receding ocean drying up the coast. It's rocky and kilometers deep, isn't it?"
“Oh! Well, I’d love to meet him.” There was a bit of noise on the other side of the line, and when she came back on she was frantic. “Well, I have to go, but- say, do you think you’ll still be in the area til Sunday?”
in your bloodstream definitely succeeds in warding me off.”
They banter back and forth for a bit. John tries to stop thinking about Sherlock in love, of clumsily learning chords for an unseen figure perched on his bed, of stuttering and blushing and tripping over his feet and holding out a hand to hold another in his own. Of intimate nights in the dark, of movie theaters, of playful laughs and touches, of pulling another to his chest and letting the same be done to him, and of loving with all of his great big heart with a passion that he’s purged for the past twenty-odd years. John tries to stop thinking about it all. He’s wholly unsuccessful, to the surprise of no one.
A murmur of agreement. “It’s home,” Thomas said, simply. “I couldn’t imagine raising my girls anywhere else.”
“... Usually men can’t figure out interior design even if the instructions were a picture book, and here there’s
And last was probably the oddest one of all: for one reason or another, Sherlock Holmes was endlessly fascinated with John, and John hadn’t the faintest idea why.
John nodded. “Right, okay.”
Sherlock twisted his face in a sort of indecision. It had been weeks in the making, and the information from the samples they had risked their lives for was non-forthcoming. “Not exactly,” he said slowly. “There seems to be nothing regarding the Exodus exposure levels from either my blood nor the dirt samples we were able to get, but the virus is so temperamental that my findings are practically moot.” But then he did perk up a bit. “However, I might have discovered something else. Not unrelated to what you told me Thirte- er, RJ had told you.”
measured, and his body was never quite relaxed. It was an odd observation, but John just knew that the sight of it didn’t
John felt oddly cold when Sherlock left to go back into the bedroom, even though the words were slightly warming. “That does sound nice,” he admitted, adjusting his cuffs. When he realized that that was as good as he was going to look, he followed Sherlock back into the main room. “Where’s the ceremony, again?”
Sherlock inhaled sharply, and his hands slowly rose to begin unbuttoning his shirt. He met John’s eyes with a tight brow. “What are you waiting for?” He bit out, words much more solid than how he felt. “It seems as though we have a checklist to follow.”
There was a moment of silence. “Yes, well,” he began stiffly. “I was saying that
“We need to go back inside,” Sherlock said. John nodded, dazed, and spoke from beneath the mask in between deep inhales.
It’s an unsure thing, after all of this when John draws himself back to the present, if he’ll drift to sleep or cry his eyes out.
"This isn't going to work."
notice that Sherlock’s eyes seemed even more silver, and the slight fatigue he’d been showing lately was suddenly swept away. It was too early for his monthly France trip, but the man was newly refreshed nonetheless. Sherlock was nearly whispering. “Were you kept waiting for long?”
Sherlock groaned loudly at that, rolling his eyes to the heavens as if John was there to personally torment him. “Oh,
John stares at his daughter through the bars of her crib, and feels a pang of jealousy at how easily she sleeps.
ME: I misspoke. It appears time makes everything worse, rather than alleviating.
RJ smiled toothily and picked up the model again, feeling for something underneath the ring that circled the body of the ship. He seemed to flip a switch, though, and the fist-sized ship soundlessly began hovering in the air. RJ stood up, and anywhere he dragged the ship it stayed perfectly suspended in the air without waver. John stood up as well, and RJ offered it to him to handle. John nudged it up to shoulder level.
“Oh, my fault,” the woman replied. She was pretty, John noted absently, with dark skin and wildly curly hair. She must've noticed he was a new face, as she stuck out her hand in greeting. “Sally Donovan, commander. I haven’t seen you around, are you the new COM?”
Sherlock’s gaze dropped down to the scotch on the table, and his lips twisted. “Oh, we’re doing this tonight, are we?” To John’s horror, he shrugged off his jacket and tried to unbutton his shirt with lazy, uncoordinated fingers.
Sherlock was at the far end of the street, and then in a step he was right there, forehead pressing to John’s and canines extended against his lips. His eyes were that same crimson John had imagined earlier, only he looked as though he had just stepped out of the flat on any given day, wearing his favorite coat with his royal blue scarf. An urban vampire.
The fact that he said ‘home’ rather than 221B did not go unnoticed by Sherlock, but he was hardly going to bring it up. “I’ve one more place to go,” he managed, struggling to straighten his legs. “Last one. Scott’s honor.” Sherlock’s brow furrowed and he braced a hand on the seat behind him, leaning unsteadily towards John like the fate of the world depended on the answer to his question. “Who’s Scott?”
“I'd like for you to meet my father,” John answered instead.
“I’m not sure I follow.”
“John!” Sarah cried the first day he returned to work, throwing her arms around him in place of her usual greeting, stretching herself over the counter. Awkwardly, John hovered his hands somewhere around her shoulder blades. A pre-Sherlock John Watson would never have given up an opportunity to press his body against a willing woman, but now he almost felt off-put by her curves and plush chest. Disturbed, he pasted a smile on his face and assured her that he was fine.
He could practically hear her pretty smile over the phone. “I’ve been well! I hope you don’t mind I asked Harry for your new number. I tried calling your old one, but it told me it was disconnected.”
In front of him, propped up beside the door with a fine layer of dust clinging to its strings, is an acoustic guitar.
Nobody was moving. John whirled around to Dimmock. “That’s the sector two representative. Is there any way to get him back up here?”
At the lake, sitting amongst an array of stone ruins, John questioned it.
“I pay for the lodging, you pay for the food and anything else we run into. Agreed?”
Last-second screams rained around him, and he couldn’t even think-
“I-,” John started, before closing his mouth abruptly. He tried again. “Is he real, then?”
John refrained from cursing again, and helplessly scoured the environment for an idea. Nothing was forthcoming. “Sherlock, I don’t-”
“Ugh, nobody here is under the age of 30. Play The Beatles-”
Once, when Moriarty tried to kill them. Twice, after a case-
Dropping a hand on each of his grandparents’ headstones as he walked, John slowly but surely made his way to the main path, Sherlock at his side.
Second;
“Simon,” he tried again.
“... Alright, alright, fair point. Rosie napping?”
“I’ve got you, I’ve got you,” Sherlock said with desperation and something inexplicably assuring, both incongruous with each other but otherwise comforting. With a grunt, Sherlock was able to yank John up onto the steadier ground and drag him further away from the cliffside. Sherlock scrambled through John’s pocket for the mask, thrusting it onto his face for the second time that day. John was coughing into it. He could feel the early morning sun on his face, not fatal yet, but they didn’t have long until they were in immediate danger.
be an apology, if given more eloquence, and he lets her. She’s given them years of grief; might as well have her stutter herself hoarse a little more.
It’s a few seconds before he can hear Sherlock follow.
“Sherlock,” John tried in a whisper, untrusting of his voice, “You…”
He’s not a strong soul when he’s faced with ‘please’, no matter the person, so he takes a deep breath, steels himself, and begins. He’s a natural storyteller, truth be told, so it’s not very difficult to fall into the clown chase, the patience grenade, the piratical thieving of a fishing boat, even to the shutter island rip-off that was Sherrinford.
he rasped, stumbling further into the room towards the chair. Sherlock muted the television and stood slowly, careful of the fracture in his rib still smarting from Germany.
He nodded, eyes oddly bright. “Yes, but please control yourself. If you call me ‘Billy’ even once, I will not be responsible for my actions.”
She smiled ruefully. “I can’t disclose.”
Technically a lie, but John didn’t need to know that. Sherlock hardly made sense of it himself. John didn’t look up from the paper, but he lifted it slightly and his grip on it tightened at the words. “I’m not…” He soon realized that lying was pointless, so he folded the paper with a sigh and tossed it off to the side. He played with his own slice, eyes trained downward. “How can you be so sure?” He asked quietly.
eat, once every few days, he started it off popping an iron pill and succeeding in an average of half the plate. John has been pushing for every other day, and while Sherlock hasn’t yet acquiesced, the wall was getting thinner and thinner from John’s determination.
Sherlock stills. John stares at his back, at the swatch of sweat at the base of his spine sticking his dress shirt to his skin. He turns his head just slightly, so John can see the slight upturn at the tip of his nose and his eyelashes, caught golden in the kitchen lights above his head.
With a lasting squeeze to the hand under his, John stood up. He grappled for his cane somewhere behind him, while Sherlock watched his leg with near frustration. “I’ve got to get to bed, if I’m going to be ready for work tomorrow.”
She laughed nervously. “Sherlock has already done his sweep over anything worth interest this morning.” She scratched at her ear, and shifted uncertainly on her feet. “Um, speaking of… there’s something I, erm, wanted to ask you.”
“Talk to him.”
John skipped over the last part. “You can’t deduce me then? Not even a little bit?”
“I have a very keen sense of smell,” he said, toying with the paper wrapper from John’s straw. “Perhaps one of the best in the world. Once a trail is found, you’re remarkably easy to pinpoint.” John knew he looked affronted, because Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh, John, it’s nothing bad. Quite the contrary, which is only the more worrying.”
Before he could, a ringing sounded in the wind, just above the rustling of trees.
And that’s how John knew he was completely and utterly fucked.
He twirls around, stepping up and over his chair in the direction of the kitchen. “Compromise,” he says again, louder, rummaging around the table until he finds his pocket magnifying glass. “You like those. You’ve proven time and time again that you’re an asset at a crime scene, enough so that I can admit we’re more fruitful together than if I’m alone. If I can’t solve this case within the hour,
“Your regret,” John said evenly. “For pushing me out of the way. You don’t know why you did it, and you find yourself wondering why you even bothered. I’m too…
John had almost forgotten that Sherlock was behind him. Almost. “Oh, Mary, this is my flatmate… er, William Scott.” Despite the slight hitch, he played it off well enough. As if for the first time, Mary noticed that John wasn’t alone.
Sherlock still didn’t meet his eyes, but he couldn’t stop the answering smile of his own, small and endlessly fond. “In all my years, I’ve never had my heart broken before.” He huffed to himself. “I don’t think I could survive it.”
“As you wish.” The baritone wasn’t even a baritone anymore, something breathier and weak.
John wonders if he’s always been this way. If Sherlock’s been this sensitive this whole time, where an errant compliment or a word from Rosie could push him to tears, if the moment gives. If his emotions have always been so plainly written across his face, and if John has just been so unbelievably unobservant about noticing them.
Sherlock wasn’t brilliant.
John gripped his bicep with a grin, steadying himself and looking for all it’s worth as if he didn’t just have Sherlock’s cock in his hands. Back to three-continents Watson, it seemed. That’s all Sherlock seemed to be, anyways. A drunken conquest. “Great,” John replied. “Ready to go, then? I’m sure you’re itching to get out of those clothes.”
He swallows. Opens his eyes and pushes off the counter.
“I know, I know.” Sherlock exhales, letting out some of the defensiveness in his shoulders with it. “I apologize for that. I’ve just… I’ve been waiting, John. Not just these past several months, but…
Unfortunately, something derailed his plans.
Sherlock was still unconvinced. In a burst of courage, John covered Sherlock’s hand with his own. “It’s fine, Sherlock. Really. These dreams tend to come and go in cycles, I’ve noticed. They’ll be gone soon enough.”
“Keep collecting!” Sherlock shouted back.
“Sally,” he says in surprise. He honestly hadn’t thought she would show up in the first place, let alone willingly hold and play with a baby,
A vampire patching up an open wound. Terrific. But, despite that, John was intrigued. Careful in his steps, he led the way back home.
he mumbles. His forehead is pressed to Sherlock’s sternum, and both of his hands find themselves against his broad chest, fingertips digging into his dressing gown. The tears won’t stop.
The doorway creaks when John sags against it. When Sherlock suddenly realizes he’s watching, his expression drops and the music clips off with a dissonant twang. “I, er, John,” he says quickly. He clears his throat. “I didn’t think you could hear me,” he continues, looking oddly embarrassed, as if caught doing something he wasn’t supposed to.
'Tore a man limb from limb', Mary had said. John thought of the car accident, where Sherlock stopped the vehicle with just his hand. The legend Mary told him was believable because it was ingrained facts that John already knew, facts that she knew nothing about. Which brought him towards his second thought: What was he going to do if the legend was true?
Later on after John’s outing, after he had picked his jaw up from the floor from that particular turn of events, he realized precisely what Sherlock was ‘busy’ with. Or rather, who. He was just about to pass by the man’s door on the way to his own when it opened.
John will wait as long as he needs to.
They took the stairwell rather than the lifts, down and down into the belly of the ship. John realized it wasn’t as quiet as he had previously thought, voices and heavy machinery echoing the lower they got. “Where are we going?”
Time could not count its markless flight
John mutters a thanks, and wars between knocking on the bedroom door and helping clean up in the kitchen. Does Sherlock want to be alone? That question never has a consistent answer. Is he actually drunk? Stag nights and graduated cylinders fly around his head, like a cartoon depicting a daydream, and he shakes them away. In the end, Mrs. Hudson decides for him.
“Sherlock?” John asks in worry, rounding around to study his friend’s face. Sherlock’s pale eyes are wide, unblinking, and the pulse fluttering at the hollow of his throat is the only indication that he’s still alive. He’s staring at the instrument as if it’s a treasure he’s spent his life trying to find, or a long-lost family member (bad analogy, disregard). His mouth is slightly parted. John waves a hand in front of his face, but as he figures from experience, not even the man’s pupils show any indication of noticing.
to, right?), but he had a feeling that the day wouldn’t come anytime soon.
John nodded slowly. He wasn’t sure anything could be done about these claims, but it was something to know, at least. “That is weird,” he agreed. But then he realized something seemed off. “But what does any of that have to do with me?”
Namely, one. It was in the familiar moors of his childhood, the setting that frequently made an appearance whenever he closed his eyes for too long. It wasn’t nighttime, though; rather, it was the time right before sunrise but after the night began to let up, when the sky was a dusky palette of colors wide across the horizon. Twilight.
John saw the moment the boy stopped being a child and started being a robot, eyes carefully blanking and movements halting. He was trying to hide something, then, whether it was a physical thing or his own apprehension. “Yes,” he said.
“I don’t believe in coincidences.”
"The chasm isn’t all the way out, just in the immediate perimeter due to the facility's weight," Sherlock replied. He seemed unsure, which wasn't the best tone to use at the moment. "I did the maths earlier, and there's a small point in time that we can jump before the rail speeds up, and after passing the canyon. It's a very precise moment; we have to time it perfectly."
“No, wait-”
BASKERVILLE A.I. PROGRAM - BETA
She laughed, maneuvering off her protective eyeware around her ponytail. “Do I? I worked with him a bit, back in my freshman days. He was an excellent teacher, showed me what an eyeball did when you push it through a grater.”
“First of all, you and I get the same amount of sleep, so remember that before you decide to go all ‘mother hen’. Second, hangovers hardly last all day, so I’ll be fine come bedtime.” He then cocked his head, chin cradled in his palms. “Third… where did you get the idea I have nightmares from? I never even dream, to tell the truth.”
ME: Hello.
The boy gained eloquence as he spoke, seeming less young with the sureness of his words. “It’s how the real one travels,” he explained. “It doesn’t go fast, it makes the gap smaller. Instead of going five meters away, it makes the space in front of it less. It makes its path move for it.”
John blinked back to the present, more disturbed than earlier. “Who?”
The cabbie smirked. “Do I know...” he muttered, pulling out into traffic. John was barely able to process the name.
John doesn’t remember this Moment until weeks later, while he’s making a sandwich for himself and Sherlock’s arse over tits in a drug den, unbeknownst to him. The memory is so severe, so unwanted, he promptly sticks his head in the freezer until he stops thinking altogether.
start off easier. Computer!” The screen swiveled over the ropes, and Sherlock leaned down to let it scan his Neuron-chip. “Resume training exercise for John Watson, currently engaged in combat with Sherlock Holmes.”
“We will be,” he decides on. She nods again, and the silence returns, at least for a bit.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed in a way that had no right being so adorable. “What the bloody hell does that have-“
John smiled softly. “So it was then?”
“John Watson,” a female voice greeted as he arrived to the directed room. This woman was definitely an AI, John noted uneasily, with pretty features and the trademark impassive eyes. “I’m Anthea, assistant to the First Officer of the DSE Intrepid. Would you like to take a seat?”
“Sherlock, you’re the one who spreads those rumors yourself. You curse the radio whenever it’s playing.”
Despite himself, John found himself liking this Lestrade fellow. He was merciless while he doled out assignments, rather reminding John of himself while coaching. John let himself get swept out of the facility and into the outdoor field.
When he plays the guitar with gentle fingers, when he sings with the sweetness of white-gold honey, when he lulls a baby to sleep, when he cries in the night to long-gone threats, when he kisses John as if he’ll never breathe again… John is wading in the ocean, and finds that the water isn’t so terrifying, if he just lets himself drown.
She only raised her eyebrows. “John, what aren’t you telling me?”
After three full weeks of living together, when Sherlock seemed to reach the peak of whatever ailed him, he just… disappeared. For the next few days, without any warning in John’s direction, Sherlock was simply gone. He left his keys on the table, and while there was no sign of a struggle or hasty retreat, John couldn’t help but worry.
“Are you going to try out the makeup kit here? I don’t know if it’s quite your shade, but there’s some lipstick in there that I think will-”
His silver eyes closed, just briefly this time, before training back on the road. “No,” he admitted, “But it’ll have to do. For now.”
Sherlock looks alarmed. “John, I said-”
outing Sherlock had planned. He played with his hands on top of the table, feeling a tad awkward. “Oh, we’re still doing that?”
Beyond that star, beyond!
“We both know that’s true,” his brother complied, “as much as you are now learning that it’s not very easily ignored.”
John’s chest was still heaving, his clothes still soaked with sweat. “What the
Glimpses of a dented car and the fading bruise on John’s right shoulder came to mind, but it was only pushed away with annoyance.
That was the group (save maybe one or two) that John would spend months with every summer up until his mid-teens, whenever his grandparents died. His visits then mellowed out up to his twenties, and then the several years of June 21st visits until his deployment. Despite his usual wariness towards social situations, John found himself entertaining the idea. “You know what? I’d love to join.”
ME: You answered accordingly to a direct question that obviously strays from a predictable phrase. I’m impressed. Perhaps you’re not merely an amateur program.
Sherlock swallowed, eyes flickering around blindly as if the moment they landed on John’s gaze, his sight would return.
Sherlock harrumphs, eyes narrowing, but he turns back to the front door just in time to let Mrs. Hudson kiss him on the cheek.
ME: The study alerting the issue was published merely two days ago, and yet it’s dominating the public's attention. I suspect it’s some sort of temporary virus, or perhaps an exciting poisoning the various governments are executing, though I doubt they'd be able to succeed in infertilizing over seven billion people with utmost secrecy. The readings for ineffective fertilization go as far back as early March.
Sherlock’s eyes immediately zeroed in on the grip, seemingly affronted, so John dropped his hand. They had already stopped in the hallway, after all. Shaking his head slightly, John lifted his eyes to meet the taller man’s gaze.
There were a few tense minutes of silence, ones where John refrained to look around and find Sherlock for support. Before he could plan to leave, though, Thirteen (RJ) gave out a sound of joy. “Done!” He announced, setting the Intrepid model carefully on the floor between them. He glanced back up at John. “Would you like to try it?”
Footsteps thunder up the stairs, and John jerks his hand back to his side as if from an open flame. When Sherlock comes in, slightly winded, he takes one look and quirks his lips. “Would you like to play it?”
Warily resigned, he toed carefully through the door and blindly reached inside, feeling for the cool surface of the phone propped up against the slick wall. He kept his leg in the door, making sure he couldn’t get shut in the darkness. Finally getting a grip on the phone, he backed outside where it was (relatively) safe and answered.
“Yes,” he said, then shook his head. “No. It’s just where it’s going.”
“I’ve had you here for nearing four hours, and I know with certainty that you hadn’t eaten breakfast this morning. Enough of the idea to grab the secretary a cup of coffee - interesting subject, that - but not my point. Care for a sandwich?”
They stared at each other for a few moments, both with a quirk to their brow, before John acquiesced with a sigh. “We are back Sunday night at the latest.”
saving your life?” He nearly whispered.
“John,” Sherlock said again, stepping directly in front of him to stop him from sliding off the table. “John, don’t. Not, um, yet.”
Absently, he shuffled closer to the center of the foothold. He was squinting through the blackness for any sign of immediate ground, and he couldn’t smell anything besides the electric bitterness of the freezing air. John was afraid to try and take a deep breath and physically feel the thinness of the oxygen.
