He winced ruefully as he felt the semen and lube sliding down his thighs and felt a passing moment of gratitude for his foresight in laying down the thick towels. John turned over and settled onto his back, quivering, feeling the last of the aftershocks of orgasm coursing through his body; he carefully avoided touching his nipples. He knew from past experience that a single feather-light touch could induce such strong sensations that it made him almost feel as if he were having a seizure.
The other part was guilt. He loved Sherlock and had loved the other man for a very long time. Once Dr. Wallace had forced him to face his feelings, he had come to realize that he had dated numerous women and even gotten married while in love with Sherlock. The guilt gnawed at him. Silently he berated himself for being so out of touch with his own feelings that he could do something like that. It was unfair to everyone involved.
Sherlock walked swiftly across the room and situated himself behind John’s chair so he could read over the other man’s shoulder. It was as he had suspected just before he berated himself downstairs.
John did some quick mental calculations before starting to shake his head.
“So, just sex?” John asked carefully.
“Alright.”
John was certain that someone was to blame, and if he was ever able to pinpoint the guilty party with any degree of real certainty, that person was going to pay…and pay dearly for the complete debacle that was about to become his life. As John later came to learn, it all began at the Red Lion Pub, four streets over and just west of his flat on Baker Street.
His phone chirped.
The woman gave her a tremulous smile before stepping into the foyer and saying, “No, no we haven’t. I’m Clara, John’s sister-in-law…well, former sister-in-law. I was in the back, near the door at the…,” she trailed off, biting her lip nervously.
“I’m serious about this, Sherlock. You’re bigger than anything I’ve ever taken. You can really hurt me if you don’t do what I tell you to do. Understand?” John demanded firmly.
John shook his head trying to clear it, but anger still simmered just beneath the surface, his emotions running hot and tight, a certainty niggling in his mind that he had somehow been used.
“Language, John,” Nora reprimanded.
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, more alcohol would increase the effects of inebriation only on a linear scale. The addition of the heroin would multiply the effects of the euphoria exponentially. More bang for the buck,” he said, lips popping the ‘b’ and the ‘k’ sounds to emphasize the point.
Mycroft sighed. “One last time. One last time,” he repeated, “I’m going to interfere in yours and Sherlock’s relationship.” Mycroft settled back into the warm, overstuffed leather of the seat and looked blankly at the black dividing glass ahead of him. “John, have you ever studied Differential Equations or Matter and Energy States or any sort of Theoretical Astrophysics?”
Apparently Clara had had the good sense to use the belt from her dressing gown and a spatula to create a tourniquet, which had unquestionably saved Harry’s life, but the amount of time it had taken for the ambulance to arrive and for Harry to receive appropriate medical attention had deprived the limb of necessary blood flow for long enough that it was 50/50 as to whether the hand would have to be amputated.
“Oh Jesus,” John muttered, as it finally sank in that his flatmate must have taken an earlier flight and was standing in the doorway at the perfect angle to see a very realistic silicone cock shoved balls deep, literally, into John’s arse.
Sherlock was just sinking into his mind palace when he bolted suddenly upright. “Watson, you’re a genius,” he shouted to an empty room.
“C’mere,” John murmured softly as he raised his arm and gently beckoned to Sherlock.
Sherlock’s mouth was half open, and he seemed to be having some significant trouble breathing. His eyes got wider as he watched the slow in and out motion, vanish and appear….vanish and appear…. The tight pink ring of John’s arsehole seeming to suck the dildo lewdly in before pushing it slowly out.
“Why? Why would you do this, Sherlock? You saw what she did to Clara.”
“It’s not the same thing, Sherlock. You’ve relapsed a few times since I’ve known you, but you try. You really try to stay clean, especially these last months.”
“Of course I would! Have you met me, Watson?” Sherlock replied haughtily before pausing for a long moment, “…but, I stopped,” Sherlock admitted softly. “I know some of the things I did were a bit not good, but I want you to know that I stopped. I stopped reading your private blog after the arse fingering, and I stopped trying to sabotage your dates after Caitlyn.”
John was vaguely grateful that Sherlock clearly had little or no experience with men; his failure to adhere to the basic etiquette of the reach around pretty much guaranteed it. Any touch to his cock right now would undoubtedly induce a stroke.
“John, do you remember a few weeks ago when you were so angry with Mycroft you threatened to drug him the next time he visited and remove one of his kidneys to sell on the black market?”
“I know…,” John began, but the elder Holmes cut him off almost savagely.
Step 4: The Experiment Begins
“So, uhmmm, which side do you want?”
. Mary
“How did Clara take the news?” Sherlock asked. He personally thought he sounded a bit wooden and unemotional, but John latched onto the question as if Sherlock had thrown him a lifeline.
“I need to speak to John,” Clara said firmly to Mrs. Hudson, but her eyes were on Sherlock.
As promised, here is the first of 2 chapters for the week.  I will likely post chapter 4 after work on Friday evening.
“Yes. If we were to use the Kinsey scale, I’m most likely a three.” Sherlock was being so matter of fact, and John was still floundering, blushing at even asking Sherlock these questions. But, then again, Sherlock had very little sense of personal boundaries nor any shame associated with what polite society termed social conventions. To Sherlock there was just as much stigma associated with sex as there was in discussing one’s tea preferences.
“Sex,” Sherlock repeated calmly. “The basement of the Diogenes Club houses a brothel, one that caters to pretty much any sexual fetish or proclivity you can imagine.”
Chapter End Notes: The violent physical assault John recalls in this chapter is based on an actual case that occurred in the US. If you want to look it up, google Abner Louima. In 1997 three New York City police officers handcuffed Mr. Louima, beat him, and sodomized him with a broken broomstick handle. Mr. Louima survived his ordeal and sued the city of New York and the police officer’s union. The case settled out of court for $8.7 million, although Mr. Louima has to live the rest of his life with the debilitating physical and psychological after effects of the trauma.
“Sherlock.”
Chapter 2
“That’s my current, working theory, yes. I’m trying to get a sample sent to Redwood Screening for a more in depth testing. I’d also like to get it analyzed by a mass spectrometer. Harry will need legal representation and the sooner the better to ensure that she receives a fair hearing; her attorney will have much more solid legal footing to get blood samples taken at the time of the incident analyzed further.”
“Absolutely nothing of consequence. Quite frankly I would have made this offer to you years ago if I thought you would have accepted it. I let Sherlock think he was calling in a favor; it makes him feel just a little indebted when I need him to work on something for me. So, will you be giving the clinic your two weeks’ notice and accepting my offer?”
A muffled squeak and a very cute, somewhat rumpled glare rewarded his efforts to get Sherlock’s attention, as the world’s only consulting detective flopped over onto his back, shoved the blankets down to his chest and fixed John with a death glare.
John’s face was almost literally on fire when his instructor stepped into the room with a glass of ice water for “Mr. Smith” and helped a stuttering John explain how that reaction was completely normal. Up until that point, John had heard that reactions like that did occur on occasion. He’d never actually seen one and really thought it was a load of shite for the most part.
“Yes, but there is a private detox and addiction program that would be ideal,” Sherlock said as he pushed his laptop over to John who began to read. “Do we have any honey?” Sherlock asked as he swiped a piece of cold, buttered toast from John’s plate.
“I don’t know,” John answered, scrubbing his hands across his tired eyes, the first vestiges of stubble rubbing like light sandpaper over his fingers. “I should have thought this through before calling … errr… texting you. There’s nothing you can do here except sit and wait like the rest of us. Harry’s surgeon called me an hour ago; I probably should have stayed at work, but…” he shrugged as he struggled to find words. “I just don’t know that I could have provided proper patient care when most of my mind was occupied with Harry. We’re bored bloody senseless already,” he said as he nodded toward Nora who was at least keeping her hands occupied. She appeared to be knitting Christmas stockings. “You’ll go out of your mind sitting here.”
“Why?” John asked curiously.
John suppressed a smile and the urge to tell Sherlock that his usual sneer would be far more effective if he didn’t look like a petulant six year-old with his hair in an abominable riot of curls and red marks across his left cheek from the wrinkles in the pillow case.
“No, it isn’t,” a soft, but firm feminine voice came from the slightly open doorway.
“Oh, not Lestrade,” Sherlock mumbled dejectedly as the phone chimed again. He tossed the phone toward John and settled back into bed, leaving the light on, eyes glittering green-gold in the harsh lamplight.
Sherlock huffed in frustration. “No physician should ever be a party to such collusion,” he ground out. “If law enforcement cannot rely on accurate medical records…”
John nodded his thanks and headed for the elevators, Sherlock a silent shadow next to him as he had been all night.
“Mycroft is…more intelligent than I am,” Sherlock admitted with his teeth gritted. “If he saw a way to salvage this mess, then he’s very likely right.”
“Yes, I’d like to try the …
“What’s wrong?” John demanded, worried now but not sure why. Everyone he cared for was safe at Baker Street, so far as he knew.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively, clearly uncomfortable. “Back to your sister. Do I have your approval for this plan of action?”
“Yes, I’ve read all of her court statements and her police reports. While your sister was stalking, threatening, intimidating and even committed wanton acts of property violence in order to cow Ms. Burton, she had never actually struck her until two nights ago.”
John gasped quietly and felt his eyes widen to the size of dinner plates. A part of him had been secretly hoping that Sherlock had either forgotten or was willingly allowing John’s former admission to slide into the ether unaddressed—letting it die a quiet and natural death—yeah right, because that sounded so much like Sherlock. But, he certainly hadn’t expected to be handed the thing he most wanted, especially after coming to the earlier realization that the universe was out to get him.
“Yes, that’s right,” John said.
The timing couldn’t have been more perfect. John stared at the small, neatly wrapped package in non-descript, cheap, brown, recycled paper. Only the return address: RD Enterprises, San Marcos, California, USA gave John any indication of exactly what it was he was holding in his slightly trembling left hand.
“Why thank you, John,” Sherlock said silkily, smug little smirk toying at his lips.
Mrs. Hudson had huffed, “a might stroppy, aren’t we?” in response to John’s latest tantrum and stormed out. Sherlock was quite missing her blueberry scones.
This is where this story starts earning its Explicit rating.  If you overlooked the E previously, you may want to stop reading now.
“Excuse me???” John asked on a near shriek.
“What???” John asked incredulously. “You mean love? Everyone knows what love is.”
John looked at Rosie and sighed. What the bloody hell was he supposed to do now?
John felt the blood drain from his face. “Jesus,” he muttered as he pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes in a desperate, vain attempt to push the information out of his mind. Not for the first time did he envy Sherlock’s ability to compartmentalize emotion and even delete information he did not wish to retain. “Jesus.”
Contrary to popular belief, Sherlock was quite in touch with modern terminology—his homeless network made certain of it; he knew what a CB was. And he was about to become the biggest cock block John Watson had ever had the misfortune to encounter.
“I know. I don’t know why…” John trailed off at a loss for words as Mycroft reached into the breast pocket of his suitcoat and extracted something white. John was poised to decline the handkerchief when he saw that the white object pressed into his hand was not a scrap of fabric but a business card.
“I asked that. I did,” John interjected.
The surgeon came out to speak with them a little after nine.
They were both so wounded by love but just so fundamentally kind and generous. They had each ended up in a relationship with users, people predisposed to take advantage of that sort of generosity of spirit. They deserved each other, deserved to get back all of the thoughtful and unselfish attentions they lavished on their partners.
“What did you do?” John asked on a sigh, uncertain as to the extent of how he had been used.
John looked at him questioningly but said nothing as Sherlock struggled to find the words.
“Let me see if I have this right. You were going to a brothel to hire a prostitute in order to re-set your brain?”
He looked forlornly at the cooler containing the bottled water on ice. Sighing, John scrubbed his hands over his face tiredly. He didn’t want to, but he needed to have the rest of this conversation face to face.
“Until it’s leaking out,” John said, erring on the side of caution. “And then coat your cock until it’s dripping off. You can’t use too much.”
“There is a specialized clinic five levels down in the heart of the government center. There is another clinic on the second floor; that’s the main clinic, and it services the office employees and their spouses and children: vaccinations, colds, the usual sort of thing. The underground clinic is another matter entirely. On occasion, MI5 and MI6 agents are injured and require treatment; sometimes that includes the services of a very good surgeon. And, on very rare occasions, we need to transport a surgeon directly to the agent. That can mean emergency surgery out in the middle of a field or an abandoned warehouse. Naturally, the type of treatment we are discussing means that the individual cannot seek treatment in a public facility or leave anything other than a classified paper trail,” Mycroft paused, making sure he had John’s undivided attention.
At that moment he realized that Sherlock was still holding his left hand and that his thumb was caressing the base of John’s ring finger at exactly the position where a wedding ring would sit.
“Yes,” Sherlock blurted at last, when he realized belatedly that John couldn’t see him nod his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
It felt surprisingly good…forbidden…erotic….as he began to slowly work that timid finger in deeper and out again, slowly, fucking himself with increasingly confident strokes as he got the hang of this. The angle was bad, and his fingertip a bit short of his goal. If he was going to do this, he would need to insert his slightly longer middle finger as well.
“Jesus,” John muttered scrubbing his hands tiredly over his face. “I try to explain this to you so you’ll understand where I’m coming from, and you find this funny? That’s your take away from this?”
John let out a soft, inarticulate scream.
Sherlock inclined his head and gestured for her to sit. “Would you like me to make tea?” Sherlock murmured; he could probably boil water and steep tea in a saucepan. He wasn’t one for reading social cues, but even he could feel the tension in the room and felt a semi-urgent desire to be elsewhere. Unlike John, he had deduced what was coming. This was not going to be good by any stretch of the imagination.
John chewed his lips thoughtfully. “Yeah, but Sherlock, three of the victims had their faces cut off. He may have been interrupted before he could do it to the second victim, but he had plenty of time to finish the job on this one,” John pointed to the pictures of the fifth victim. “Serial killers just don’t change their MOs. Even I know that.”
“John,” a pale and wan looking Clara said on a raspy sigh. She sounded at least somewhat pleased to see him, in spite of it all.
“Mycroft and Irene Adler both referred to you as “The Virgin.” I thought…,” John trailed off looking confused.
As John let his hands play softly over his own body, he closed his eyes and let the fantasy have free reign. As fantasy Sherlock stroked long fingers through his hair and pressed soft, moist kisses to his jaw and neck, John sighed, mimicking the motions as best he could with his own fingers, teasing his flesh until it was overly sensitive and he had begun to shiver with want.
He looked around wildly for something to cover himself, but the bed clothes were all on the floor at the foot of the bed, and his dressing gown was across the room on the rocking chair.
“That’s right,” the motherly woman said somewhat sadly.
It wasn’t until “Mr. Smith” shouted “Oh God, I think I’m gonna come!” and proceeded to do just that, that John found himself in the unusual position of having his left index finger up his patient’s arse while simultaneously grabbing him around the waist with his right arm to keep the man from falling sideways. John managed to lower him to the floor and gently remove his finger all while the young man continued to orgasm.
“I’m sorry, dear. Have we met?” Mrs. Hudson inquired, her brows knitted slightly in confusion.
John paused and studied Sherlock. Had Mycroft been right all along? “Sherlock, how do you define romantic love?” John asked softly, a hopeful note creeping into his voice.
“Oh my God,” John murmured. “Why didn’t you come to me? I would have helped you.”
It was a matter of trust.
Sherlock’s raised brow spoke volumes.
The pressure returned. Sherlock began rocking gently. A few minutes later there was a strangled whimper.
If he could trust the man with his child, he could most certainly trust the man with his deepest secret, with his body. Unfortunately, it was a body Sherlock had no interest in whatsoever.
He hitched his dressing gown a little more snugly around his rapidly chilling nude body. He should have dried off better after the shower, and he was regretting his urgency a bit now. The drafts in the flat in mid-December were nothing to be scoffed at. Nevertheless, he sat down on the edge of his bed and picked up his pen knife. With slightly shaking fingers, he carefully slid the knife under the seams of the brown wrapper and peeled it carefully from the box.
Sherlock, who frequently displayed the emotional maturity of a bored two-year-old with severe ADHD, had pitched a tantrum of epic proportions when John’s work schedule proved not quite flexible enough to permit John to go haring off to Bangkok at less than a moment’s notice. John had merely shrugged and wished Sherlock a safe trip.
Sherlock nodded. “Where is John?”
A few well-chosen words in Gregory Lestrade’s ear, a small—large-- application of ethyl alcohol, and just stand back and watch the fireworks.
Sherlock looked as haggard as John had ever seen him. Worry lines were etched deeply around his eyes and mouth; he was wearing heavy clothes that were literally covered with snow and melted snow, and his red, chapped hands trembled with cold or nerves, John couldn’t be sure which. John was no genius of deductive reasoning, but he was fairly certain that Sherlock had been out on foot searching the streets for him.
It was raw, and sweaty, and messy. Reality was so much better than fantasy.
The designer had even set up a table relating what the stones meant in common folklore. John was torn between emerald—love and rebirth, diamond—eternal love and healing, and sapphire—a promise of honesty, loyalty and trust. He finally decided on a sapphire heart with the micropavé diamonds in the crown; without words, this elegant band said all he needed to say about how he felt about Sherlock Holmes. The website allowed him to “create” and save the ring. He looked at it again, whispered “soon,” and minimized it to his tray.
“I…it’s…uhmmm…it was…I thought maybe…for Christmas…if last night had gone according to plan…I was….”
Sherlock’s motions ceased as he looked at John curiously. Some awareness slid across John’s consciousness like a liquid caress, but he lost it immediately when Sherlock kissed him again.
“She was so afraid of Harry that she got a restraining order.”
“John, what can I do?” Sherlock asked, brows knitted.
“Do you need…?” John asked softly.
“She slammed my head into a wall, John. I could feel the plaster shatter and cave in behind me… so much blood… and then she was choking me. I lost consciousness then. I was actually surprised when I woke up on the floor,” Clara sobbed harder. “I thought I was going to die,” she whimpered.
“Don’t mention it,” Sherlock murmured, and John had the distinct impression that the other man really meant it, literally. In Sherlock world the less said about emotions, the better.
“What about Clara?” John demanded.
I couldn’t find an exact date in canon for Mary’s death, so based on the weather in the episode as aired and what little google could supply about weather in London in general, I guessed and put her death in early March, which means this story begins circa early September.
CHAPTER 6
“I think so too,” John whispered his quiet agreement as he patted Sherlock’s hand before settling it across his hip.
“I am reviewing all of the murders the NSY has on file for the year 2009,” Sherlock replied tersely.
“Well, if that’s the case, I have a question for you. Something’s been bothering me.”
“John, I initiated this relationship, set out to seduce you, not because it was at all in your best interests or what you needed but because it was what I needed. I was acting wholly with my own best interests in mind. I needed to keep you, you and Rosie, here with me, so I offered you sex. My motives from the outset were far from altruistic.”
John stopped giggling when Sherlock angrily shoved the pajama bottoms and his pants down to the floor in one tangled mess.
“To seek out the only other thing that I can use as a substitute for the drugs.”
“Ideally, if I’m correct about the blood sample showing tainted heroin, I would like to see the charges dropped to aggravated assault. I would like to see your sister in a real addiction program with years of court ordered mandated therapy, perhaps living in a group home with constant monitoring. Prison time should be commensurate with the aggravated assault charge and some form of financial restitution should be ordered as well, to cover Ms. Burton’s damaged property, lost wages, and pain and suffering.”
“Sherlock, I appreciate what you’re trying to do, but…”
Chapter 1
John smirked. “Yes, William.”
“But if you ever call me Love, or Sherly, or Muffin or anything other than my name in public, even Mycroft won’t be able to find the body. Are we clear?”
He breathed only when he absolutely had to.
John sighed. He seemed to be doing that a lot lately. “I know you probably don’t understand this; it’s not logical or reasonable, but I have my pride, Sherlock, and I can’t just take a handout from you or anyone else.” John paused as he considered Sherlock’s nearly beseeching expression. “I’ll make you a deal. If I can get enough hours at the clinic to pay at least half of the expenses here at Baker Street, Rosie and I’ll stay. That includes the nanny too,” John stated, almost certain that Sarah would never give him the extra hours and that he would be moving out soon. He’d start looking at flats next week.
“I haven’t lost my mind,” John wheezed, still chuckling. “Just the way you said that…It was hysterical,” John concluded on a soft laugh.
John closed Sherlock’s laptop with a shake of his head.
“The other thing John said to me was that he wished he were more like Mary. That gave me the answer I needed regarding the pieces of the puzzle that didn’t match—why some of the victims had their faces removed, some had burns, some had acid poured down their throats, etc. Our killer is not some random impulsive serial killer who is out of control, but rather an extreme sadist who let his interests select his profession. Our serial killer is a hired assassin. The variations in motive are done either by him to prevent his pattern from becoming clear to the police or done at the request of the individual who took out the contract. He spaces out his kills far enough in time and location and changes enough of the torture details that the investigating officers never saw the pattern that linked an African-American female accountant in Sheffield with a retired male Anglo country doctor in Cardiff.”
“And how exactly do you propose to do that then? With what money? I know you can command exorbitant fees for your detective services, but with the costs of legal representation added in, this could run into multiple hundreds of thousands, Sherlock!” John insisted. “And even if you could raise that kind of money, I’ve no idea how I’d ever manage to pay you back.”
And, Sherlock had been right. He really didn’t need the money. It would be different if it had meant food out of Sherlock’s mouth or something, but the man had very few expenses. He had no debt, barely bought food, and never bought clothes. All of his bespoke suits, trousers and shirts were gifts from either his parents or Mycroft who had no idea what else to get him for Christmases and birthdays. John suspected that was why his shirts were so snug; they were going off of measurements that were likely ten years old. Sherlock spent money on four things: rent, taxis, and his homeless network. And now Rosie.
“He’s a therapist, a real therapist, unlike that hand-holding, mollycoddling idiot you are currently seeing,” Mycroft said dismissively. “He is the one I send our agents to, the ones who have been tortured, the ones who are burning out or self-destructing. If you really want help, call him.”
“Enough,” John hissed. “You’ll wake Rosie.”
Sherlock was dressed in his oldest pair of baggy flannel pajama bottoms and a ratty gray t-shirt. The pajamas were suspiciously not baggy around Sherlock’s groin. In fact they were quite snug and getting the tiniest bit damp.
“Oh my God,” John gasped. “She just said her first word,” John quickly took her and pressed her to his chest. “What did you say, Love? Say it again.”
“Geroff…” John mumbled softly, his lungs unable to take in enough oxygen to make it sound any louder than a hoarse whisper.
“Squeeze the base of your cock hard if you’re really close. Otherwise, a sharp jerk to your testicles will delay things nicely.”
“Mycroft,” John greeted the other man, at a sudden loss as to how to follow that up. Demands for information would get him nowhere as would pleas for particulars. Best simply to sit and wait. John sighed. Part of him wanted to simply shout “Well, get on with it!” after a few minutes of silence. The other part of him sat in awed silence, never having witnessed Mycroft Holmes, The British Government, so noticeably speechless and at a complete loss for words.
Sherlock closed the folder immediately and gave John his full attention. John shook his head, a sigh of frustrated indulgence gusting past his lips. He should have known. If John had run around the room screaming with his jumper on fire, he might have gotten enough of Sherlock’s attention for the other man to grunt at him. Say something was for Rosie, and Sherlock was all ears.
It was a testament to Sherlock’s anxiety levels that he hadn’t been able to deduce John’s location; or, perhaps it was John who had behaved so far out of character that he had simply defied all logic. John admitted to himself that if he had been thinking at least semi-rationally, he would have gone to one of the pubs or coffeehouses where the owners knew him and would let him run a tab while sitting in a back corner somewhere and at least keep warm.
John hired a local handyman who commenced cutting out a door frame and plastering and painting the storeroom the following Monday. Since they had opted for turning the storeroom into two smaller bedrooms, they were looking at around a month for completion as several walls would have to be erected and closets for both bedrooms constructed from scratch. Sherlock, of course, wanted cedar closets. John shrugged and figured that since Sherlock was paying for it, he could have any damn thing he wanted.
He whistled jauntily as he exited the government center building and hailed a cab.
“Thirteen,” Sherlock supplied testily. “Really, John. Are you sure we can’t squeeze a Christmas goose in there too? Why can’t we just give out gift baskets like other people, if we must celebrate this crass, commercial time of the year?” Sherlock grumbled as he bent down to locate his socks and came up with a square of paper folded into eights, the perfect size to fit into the hip pocket of a pair of jeans. “What’s this?”
“I know, Sherlock, but I’m not going to take your money. I will provide for my own daughter.”
really is, and it reinforces this definition on a daily basis. If that is
Damn but Sherlock was being literal. If John didn’t know just how literal Sherlock could be, he would accuse the other man of being deliberately obtuse.
“Do you want me?” he whispered softly, staring at Sherlock’s shocked visage.
John sighed gustily. He could try asking for more hours at the clinic, but that meant more babysitting services would be needed, and he would need to cut back on helping Sherlock with cases. There was no denying it. He was going to have to move out soon, find a small two bedroom flat that wasn’t so centrally located and wasn’t, therefore, so expensive. He would tell Sherlock tomorrow.
As it was, she was already a tight fit in the Moses Basket even as petite as she was for her age. She was definitely going to be on the shorter side, like both John and Mary, barring a weird and unexpected growth spurt.
“What????” John demanded, his heart nearly stopping. Not Sherlock…please not Sherlock…please God, John prayed silently to a god he wasn’t certain he believed in anymore.
“I don’t care that you forgot. My point is…half of my life is over, and I don’t want to spend the last half of it alone. Yeah, I have our friendship, and Rosie, and my job, and The Work, but I need more than that. I need a lover and a partner. I could love you…if I let myself…hell, I already desire you. So, it’s really up to you. I know I’m not much to look at, too much gray in the hair, a little spare tyre starting ‘round the middle, and I’ll never be your intellectual equal. But…well…you know me—you know what you’d be getting probably better than I do. Can you love me, Sherlock? Do you want me?”
He had ended the relationship instantly and told her in no uncertain terms that if she ever came around claiming that he had fathered a child, she had best be prepared to see him in court and ready to take the child for paternity testing. He had never heard from her again.
Mycroft studied the man in front of him, damaged, proud, angry, guilty, and just a little bit desperate. “If I thought you really wanted to know…”
On the upside, her most recent kidney function tests were showing signs of improvement, but she would have to be hooked up to dialysis as soon as her body was able to withstand the strain. John heaved a tired sigh of relief and scrubbed his hands roughly across his face. And among all of the tubes and wires, the shiny silver of a chrome plated handcuff glittered garishly around her small, frail left wrist.
**********
John moaned again and pressed his damp face into the pillow, completely saturated now with salty sweat, hot breath and a small trickle of drool. He was over-sensitized, skin on fire, every nerve ending firing wildly and … stretched almost beyond his capacity to breathe.
Mycroft smiled that smile, the one reminiscent of a shark sensing blood in the water. “And occasionally, for diplomacy’s sake, the British Government must bow to the wishes of, oh say … the Romanian Government.”
He looked woefully at the lovely leatherette case and regretted that he was probably going to have to burn it as well as all of the papers and take the remains down to the pub and stuff all of it into the rubbish bin in order to keep his secret. Well, that was a problem for tomorrow.
“You said there were things you’d rather not know. This is one of those things. I’m giving you that chance now—to go back to bed and forget tonight. Nothing will change between us … nothing at all.”
“Fuck,” Sherlock swore softly. He took off his dressing gown and tossed it on the couch. He patted himself down finding his wallet in his pocket while simultaneously checking over the flat quickly—John’s House Rule #1. Good. Nothing was in imminent danger of putrefying (don’t ask) or catching fire. Rosie was at the crèche. He tucked his Belstaff over his arm, set the door handle to lock and was out of the flat and hailing a cab in 2 minutes flat.
He chuckled aloud at his own musings, missing Sherlock and the ordered chaos he left in his wake. John was anxious to hear the details of how Sherlock had tracked down the mid-level government employee responsible for selling state secrets to the Chinese government. Espionage was outside the usual realm of their cases, and even if he couldn’t write about Sherlock’s exploits in his blog, he was still eager to share in the vicarious thrill of the game with his best friend and wonder in renewed awe at Sherlock’s sheer brilliance.
“Go to bed, John. Go to my bed. If you’re amenable we will continue the same sleeping arrangement as last night until the rooms upstairs are complete. You of all people know my sleeping habits, that I barely use that bed as it is. Most nights you’re likely to be the only one in it anyway,” Sherlock said distractedly as he began to jot down notes as he was reviewing 2009.
Bonus points for you popular culture aficionados if you identified the more obscure 1987 movie reference early on in the chapter.
John swallowed harshly.
“Was Clara Burton admitted? Is she alright?” John asked Agatha softly, worry evident in his tone.
Glimpses of skin at his throat and along his chest teased him now, brushes of his hand or his hair as he reached around John for a mug in the kitchen had all of John’s senses on high alert. He wanted…something, but he wasn’t yet sure quite what that something was. He wanted to touch, to explore, but he wasn’t sure how far he was willing to take it. If there was one thing John despised, it was a tease, and he had no wish to make promises to Sherlock and/or his body that he wasn’t 100% prepared to back up. And so he waited, looks growing just a little bolder as the days passed.
“Not really, no,” Lestrade sighed. “He may not be long for this world, in fact.”
“Yeah, okay, that’s fair. I don’t see much difference between telling someone you’re in love with them or that you just love them if it’s someone you have a sexual relationship with…same thing.”
The muscles around Sherlock’s eyes were twitching rapidly, the only physical indication that Sherlock’s brain was moving at light speed, in John’s considerable experience. At last those Caribbean blue green eyes came to rest on John’s face in a hard, penetrating stare.
John shrugged, numb. “Yeah. I told him that I’m in love with him. I waited for like five minutes while he stared at me blankly; he finally said “Oh, I see….” And then he asked me if I wanted another glass of wine. I told him “no” and asked him if he was in love with me too…even just a little. He looked at me like I’d grown a second head and told me that “no” he wasn’t “in love with me and had no intentions ever of being in love with anybody,”” John said in a monotone voice devoid of emotion or inflection. “If you could, uhmmm… loan me a few quid and drop me at a hotel somewhere, I’d appreciate it. I don’t want to face Sherlock right now. I’ll start looking for another place to live after Boxing Day.”
“Well, that clinches it. My daughter just said her first word, and it’s not 'dada' or 'papa'; it’s Sherlock. Story of my life,” John muttered, but the rueful grin on his face belied any upset he may have projected.
* * * * * * * * *
“Hmmmm,” came the distracted reply.
He could hardly wait to put part two of his brilliant plan into action.
“It’s an expression, Sherlock,” John sighed. “Is there something you wanted?”
“The Diogenes Club. Don’t be tiresome, John. I told you that already.”
The Scientific Method
“If we were lovers, partners, would you take it then?”
Mycroft smiled slowly, the smile of a shark about to devour its prey, prey that has not yet realized that it’s in mortal peril. “Really?” Mycroft asked with a smug lilt in his voice. “Or is it that you became so used to saying that after your sister Harriet came out to your parents that you came to believe it yourself?”
“Then why are you looking at the records so thoroughly?”
Chapter End Notes: So, did anyone catch the Harry Potter reference?
Sherlock snorted. “Romantic love? Idiocy!” Sherlock exclaimed. “It’s a neurochemical response to external stimuli closely resembling a state of irrational infatuation and the inability to act in one’s own best interests. It’s best characterized by a failure to apply logic to any given situation or act in a manner consistent with one’s own well-being, and is marked by a chronic depreciation of one’s own self-worth and self-respect. In short, it’s a state of prolonged idiocy of the highest order. It’s a ridiculous societal construct employed to excuse self-destructive and selfish behavior that leaves nothing but misery and chaos in its wake.”
“Lestrade said that I needed to get my, and I quote, “skinny arse home. John needs you now. His sister’s just died for fuck’s sake.” So, do you need me?”
He supposed it was inevitable after a few months that he would begin to wonder what it would be like if it were a man behind him. He found the idea not nearly as repulsive as he thought he should, as a completely straight man would.
Speak of the devil. Sherlock strode in just as John speared his third sausage. John smiled; why walk when one could make a dramatic entrance whether it be in a Belstaff, a fluttering sheet or an untied royal blue dressing gown worn over black trousers and a forest green dress shirt?
“What did I say, Sherlock?” John queried.
“So, the only ones who’ve seen them are the NSY people and us?” John clarified.
He worked the head of the Real Cock out of his arse, gave Sherlock a quick kiss and turned over onto his belly, pulling his knees up under him as he spread his legs. Sherlock awkwardly maneuvered around John until the other man was situated.
What he saw scared the living hell out of him—tiny needle marks. When confronted, she had broken down and admitted to the sabotage but insisted that it was for his own good. He had seen white, then red, then a few other nameless colors most humans never see because they are quite firmly somewhere deep in the infrared spectrum.
“Lack of specifity,” Sherlock said succinctly. “You were writing that blog for yourself, so you failed to specify the degree of emotional baggage, for lack of a better term, that you had invested in the word as well as the fact that you expected the sentiment to be reciprocated to some degree. From reading your blog, I knew it was only important to you that you say it, and you hoped the sentiment would be returned; you never conveyed the tacit expectations and emotional validation you had invested in the ritual.”
Sherlock grasped his hand but didn’t otherwise move.
“John, Dr. King called while you were in the shower. The other doctors at the clinic are willing to cover your position as long as you need. I’m not sure how they found it. It might have been Mycroft, or one of them may have been called to Bart’s on a consult and learned of it there. Regardless, they want to help.”
As he hunched lower and debated the relative merits of forcing himself into some sort of physical activity in order to get warm, he was startled out of his reverie by a thick blanket being thrown over his shoulders. He idly wondered which of the charities was passing out blankets tonight of all nights and silently blessed their kindness.
“How much?” Sherlock interrupted.
“Last night…if things had gone the way I hoped…over the wine with the fire going… It was supposed to be romantic.”
“What the fuck does this have to do with me and Sherlock?” John asked belligerently. He was no longer cold, but he ached from the prolonged chill. He was tired, sleep deprived, and heart sore in addition to having been on an emotional roller coaster earlier that evening. The euphoria of telling someone you loved them for the first time had turned into a raw, aching, open wound, and Mycroft’s attempt to fill the quiet with scientific ramblings was too much of a reminder of Sherlock just then.
“I can call in a favor from Mycroft,” Sherlock began hesitantly, “perhaps get your sister into rehab in lieu of a harsh prison sentence.”
“Do you really, honestly, think that Sherlock loves me?” John whispered at last, searching Mycroft’s face for signs of deception.
“I need to breathe,” John sniped back, wiggling his shoulders to emphasize the point.
“Alright, assuming you’re right Sherlock…,” Lestrade grunted to a halt at Sherlock’s raised brow and slight sneer. “Alright, taking it as a given that you’re right, Sherlock, how do we set a trap?” Lestrade said, hastily correcting his error.
The other man truly was married to his work.
Instead he was met with booming laughter.
“Wait,” he croaked as Sherlock’s hand settled on the door knob.
“John?” Sherlock queried, concern evident in his furrowed brows, a strange dichotomy between the relaxed pose he affected and the coiled, taut energy he radiated.
our very first case together, Watson... In a society where a grown man jumps up and down and across a sofa on national television like a demented pogo stick decrying his
, John… as the injuries escalated until she nearly lost her life due to her
John chewed his lip thoughtfully as he struggled with phrasing a question he had no right to ask.
“Do you need me, John?” Sherlock whispered, and as John tipped his head back to look closely at Sherlock as it was unlike the detective to repeat himself, the other man took immediate advantage and fastened soft lips to John’s throat.
“Warts…I don’t have warts!” Sherlock thundered.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John shouted as he grabbed his chest. “Are you trying to give me a heart attack? How long have you been reading over my shoulder anyway?” he asked as he slammed his laptop shut.
Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly and then swung his feet over the side of the couch in one quick, graceful move so that he was now sitting upright and facing John.
John dragged himself out of bed at 11:25 when the alarm blared its obnoxious wake up reveille. He didn’t want to have to rely on Sherlock to wake him up; that seemed childish. When he was eight his parents had given him a Mickey Mouse alarm clock for Christmas. From that point on, he was responsible for getting himself out of bed and ready for school when the alarm rang at 6:30 each morning. Taught that responsibility at a young age, the thought of depending on someone else to wake him and get him, a grown man, ready for work…well, it rankled.
John was going to have the answer to his idle speculation very soon. He was about to find out exactly how the living version of the Real Cock II X was gonna feel in about five minutes, give or take a minute, as Sherlock climbed up onto the bed on his knees, a look of lustful, intent concentration etched deeply into the lines of his face.
There was a long pause as Sherlock regarded him intently.
“I know that, but she’s an addict, Sherlock. She is very, very good at manipulating people, making them believe what she wants them to believe. She was very good at making me believe I was the favored child, that I got the breaks while she got tossed into the street… that she just needed a little help, that she could turn her life around this time if I’d only believe in her. And I wanted to, Sherlock. I wanted to believe in her so much. I wanted to see the girl who used to sneak biscuits in to me when I was sick, who faked a note to my teacher so I could go watch Manchester United practice, who tried to keep my father from taking the belt to me after I got into a fight with Jimmy Phelps for trying to take my lunch money.”
“Not well…blames herself for not calling 999 faster, holding the tourniquet too tight.”
* * * * * * * * *
“To put Mycroft off his treadmill,” Sherlock muttered as he swung the Belstaff around his shoulders and dashed out the door.
Sherlock held up his hand and waved it impatiently. “No, no,” he interrupted. “It’s as apt of a description as any. My brain is a giant hard drive. But, unlike a real computer that performs only one function at a time, my mind is like a whirlwind, like twenty different automobiles in a huge circle chained to some part of my body in the middle of it all. They are all pulling me in different directions at the same time, and sometimes I’m terrified that they’ll eventually pull me apart, that I’ll fragment—go utterly mad. That’s why I need the puzzles, The Work. The more of my mind I can focus on one, single, complex task, the more the cars are all pulling in one direction, the more stable and sane I feel.”
He had led “Mr. Smith” flawlessly through the script, which eventually necessitated “the patient” disrobing for a prostate exam. John had exited the room to allow his “patient” to change into a gown and returned to find the young man standing by the exam table nervously clutching the gown together in the back. John had reassured the young man, and the first part of the exam had been textbook. “The patient” had leaned over the edge of the examination table and John had gloved, squirted some of the warmed lubricant onto his fingers and gently inserted his index finger.
“He wants them to struggle,” John said, excitement creeping into his voice. “He wants them to think they have a chance of loosening the ropes, of getting free.”
“Sorry,” John muttered. “You’re right. I’m being an arse. I’ll go brush my teeth and get changed.”
John moaned. He had never considered himself much of an exhibitionist, but this was, by far, the most salacious, dirty, pornographic thing he had ever done.
Sherlock sighed softly as the aforementioned guilt began to set in a few minutes later. Something, some innate sense of some unnameable thing, seemed to whisper into his mind. This was not the way to secure John’s happiness or his continued presence in Sherlock’s life. Rather than manipulate John, Sherlock decided spontaneously, he would try to support John, be his friend. If John discovered the extent of Sherlock’s manipulations, well, this could only end badly. Of course, being John’s friend didn’t necessarily exclude a little sexual teasing, either.
“No, Sherlock. Sexually, what would you want to do to… with me?” John was hyper aware of his sweaty palms and his ragged breathing as he waited for the answer.
John arched an eyebrow, crossed his arms and settled back into the seat, drawing the blanket snugly around him despite being almost overly warm at this point.
“Do you remember Sherrinford? Think about it. Despite the fact that Mycroft had been visiting Eurus for years, knows her better than any other human being alive, it was you who solved all of her puzzles—every single one of them without one ounce of input from Mycroft. And at the end, it was you who figured out that the plane of doomed passengers didn’t exist. It was you who figured out the puzzle of the gravestone dates and Eurus’ riddle from almost 25 years ago. Mycroft had the same information you had when your best friend disappeared all those years ago. He had no emotional connection to Victor Trevor, he’s a genius, and he’s seven years older than you—and despite his supposed advantage of not caring, he didn’t figure it out—never figured it out. You did. When time was running out for me, my death an almost virtual certainty, you figured it out…my best friend—the person who cares about me more than anyone else. So, forgive me if I fail to bow at the feet of the almighty logical, emotionless Mycroft. From where I’m sitting…and currently breathing…caring is the greatest advantage of all. It makes human beings try harder…do better…. be better,” John finished on an emphatic soft huff, completely emotionally drained.
“Don’t you think you’re being a bit hasty, John? Surely you two can talk this out.”
“You don’t need a flatmate to help cover expenses. You never needed a flatmate,” John accused.
John looked numbly after her, uncertain.
John had opted for the A or average model, 7” long and a circumference of 4.5.” They made a larger, more popular model, the Real Cock II X, which was 9” long, 6.5” in circumference and 2” in diameter; because of the ‘testicles’ attached at the base, only about 8” was actually insertable…but still. John shuddered visibly at the thought of trying to shove that into his arse.
Given their elder son’s ruthless desire to rule the world, and their younger son’s inability to tolerate…well…
John looked at Clara and offered her a fond, sad smile. “Sherlock’s right. He usually is, but never tell him I said so,” John said as his smile widened. “This isn’t your fault. This was all on Harry, all of it. I hope, at the very least, you can find some peace now,” he offered with a tremulous note to his voice.
“I don’t need help,” John insisted, stubborn resolve rising to the fore. He sighed gustily when he saw the look of concern being directed toward him. “I appreciate it, really I do, but I need to work right now. I need to have some semblance of normalcy, do something productive. I can’t help Harry, and I need time to figure out what to say to her. I’ll go mad if I have to sit here or at Bart’s with nothing to do. Surely you understand?” John pleaded.
“Beg pardon?” John murmured, completely bewildered. Surely he hadn’t heard that correctly.
“John,” she stood up to face him and sighed, a soft, sad smile tugging at her mouth awkwardly. “I’ve been trying to work up the nerve to see you since it happened,” she said brokenly, clutching her oversized hobo bag to her chest; the purse had clearly seen better days.
Sherlock ignored him. John took a seat at the table next to Lestrade. He was a bit surprised to see Sally Donovan there until he remembered that she was on track to make DI herself soon. Mycroft took a seat at the head of the conference table while Sherlock eschewed a seat to stand next to the projection screen and began to speak.
Sherlock looked adorably confused. “No, I was attempting to understand our society’s complete fascination with sex and tried to randomly sample as broad of a base as I could for comparison purposes. Sex is the motive for approximately 31% of all murders, over 80% of all blackmail scams and a significant portion of other assorted crimes.”
“What about my security clearance?”
Chapter 3
John propped himself up in bed that night, two pillows behind him as he watched Sherlock plug in his phone and laptop.
“Sherlock, I didn’t have any other dates after Caitlyn.”
He sighed as he looked over at his best friend, flat mate, and as of tonight—and maybe just for the night—lover. Sherlock’s eyes glowed an eerie green blue with silver flecks shifting in the irises as he stared steadily at John.
The pieces began to slot into place. Sherlock needing to follow John’s lead regarding how to kiss, though he did catch on quickly as Sherlock was wont to do. He didn’t know how to delay an orgasm. Asking how much lube to use when any somewhat experienced man with a prick of that size would know to use most of the fucking bottle. Mycroft and The Woman hadn’t been taunting Sherlock; they’d been
“Tell me, Sherlock,” he said gently.
“Do you really think she’s hit rock bottom? I know you’re right, and this cannot succeed unless she really is ready to change. Do you truly think she’s ready to really get help…get clean?”
“Jesus Christ,” Lestrade swore loudly. “A bloody serial killer operating under our noses for over 30 years and no one made the connection until now.”
“There’s always the chance of a copycat killer, too,” John interjected.
John sorted through the pages rapidly and then again a bit more slowly, lingering the longest over the photographs. “Jesus,” he muttered as he dropped the whole stack on the coffee table and sat back to scrub tired hands across his eyes. “How long?” he asked finally.
Although cashing in this favor prematurely irked Mycroft to no end, it did give him an opportunity to speak with Dr. Watson alone before Sherlock could make a muck of things—a most definite certainty, and Mycroft shuddered to think how that conversation would have gone. Allowing tactless, socially inept Sherlock to actually proposition the good doctor…Mycroft shuddered again as he considered the potential for disaster that could only be measured on the Richter Scale…, which is how Mycroft found himself currently seated on a bench outside of the penguin exhibit at the London Zoo.
Sherlock hid his smirk in the upturned collar of his Belstaff. He should probably feel just a tiny bit guilty for ruining John’s date. And on that note, he should probably feel guilty for not feeling guilty, but well… needs must. Sherlock refused to be ignored. If John was going to try to dismiss Sherlock in favor of some inane date, then Sherlock would just have to make it so that John couldn’t ignore Sherlock. It had been only too easy to manipulate Lestrade into doing the dirty work.
“And just how did you arrive at this definition?”
“It’s called an etoile band,” she informed John, eyes never leaving the twinkling display. “I’ve dropped hints. I’m hoping for a Tiffany etoile band if Connor wants to go with a silver coloured metal or a Cartier ellipse ring if he chooses gold. I like both, so it really doesn’t matter which he chooses.”
Somehow the title phrase “Achingly Lonely Widower” had been changed to “Endlessly Horny and Desperate.”
John grunted a soft “hmmm” in acknowledgement and shuffled off to the bedroom, removing his shoes before pulling on his sleep mask and literally falling into bed. He was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock broke into John’s thoughts before he could verbally reject the plan. “We agreed that I would pay half. That cheque lying under the skull on the mantle will cover the next years’ rent and the renovations. It’s a good plan.”
***Author will beg shamelessly for feedback.  Just sayin'....  :)
Sherlock smiled a slow, crafty smile. “Of course not, John.”
John sat down, took a huge gulp of coffee and prepared himself for the worst.
Step 4: The Experiment Continues
“Can I help?” John asked. "I can make some tea and…,”
“What?” Sherlock demanded incredulously. “Just how many people are coming this afternoon, anyway?”
John stopped working the dildo, leaving the head inside his very interested arse. “God yes, I want you so much,” John whispered as he finally gave into one of his fantasies, wound his fingers into the curls at Sherlock’s nape and pulled the other man down for a kiss.
John chuckled softly; only Sherlock could muck up saying ‘you are important to me.’ “You’re lucky I speak fluent Sherlockian,” John joked with a wistful smile.
Sherlock grunted and complied.
Because “Mr. Smith” was allegedly on medication for an enlarged prostate, John had to do more palpation than would ordinarily be necessary in order to determine, as closely as possible, the exact size of the prostate and whether the hypothetical medication was effective. John assured his “patient,” who was emitting tiny little “aaaahhhh”s as John palpated, that some unusual sensations were perfectly normal but to let him know immediately if he felt any pain or if he needed John to stop.
“As I said before, there was a target painted on the back of your head. If you had tried to accompany Sherlock, you would have led the assassins straight to him, and you would both be dead. For what it’s worth, I am sorry for the pain and grief this caused to you, but things had to play out in this manner. There was simply no other way.”
John studied the card intently. “Thanks, but I don’t think I need it. I’m doing much better lately,” John said with a small, sad smile.
“Fine then, we’ll share it,” Sherlock said with finality. “Go get changed,” he added in a tone that brooked no argument.
“Have you considered the ramifications of trying to help Harry? She won’t thank you. In fact, knowing my sister she’ll manipulate you until she bleeds you dry,” John said matter of factly.
“Just let me finish. Alright?”
Life was better for them both. John was healing slowly but surely, adjusting to life as a single father. Although he was never quite certain that was the appropriate terminology. Since moving back into 221B Baker Street, Sherlock had taken on a lot of the responsibility of caring for Rosie’s needs. However, on any given day, Sherlock was just as likely to be a hindrance as to be a help, leaving John with the definite feeling that he was raising two children instead of one.
“An orgasm or three?” Sherlock finished still somewhat amused at John’s timidity. “No. Maybe in a day or two. Do you need something?”
“You’re chilled to the bone,” he whispered against the cold fabric and chilled flesh of Sherlock’s left shoulder.
“Sherlock!” John screamed as he neared completion. “Oh God, Sherlock, I need you!”
In retrospect, when enough time had passed that John Watson could look back on the events of that autumn and winter objectively, he was of the opinion that Lestrade was responsible for it all. Mycroft maintained that it was all Sherlock’s doing, and Mrs. Hudson insisted that it was all due to the alignment of the stars being in the House of Capricorn or some such utter shite. Whatever.
John took a deep, steadying breath. “Peer pressure?” he guessed. “You wanted friends, wanted to fit in at some point in your life before you decided that normal was boring?”
“Then take the cheque, John. It’s only money. I don’t need it, and I can always get more if Rosie needs anything,” Sherlock pleaded.
“Why not? What is it?” Sherlock demanded curiously, holding the scrap of paper as if he were physically unable to release it.
Thanks,
At first John thought the dog might be a problem, but he discovered it really just wanted to spend most of its time snoozing on the couch or in its bed by the fire. It firmly cemented itself in their lives when it replaced the skull as Sherlock’s erstwhile John replacement. Sherlock would deposit it in John’s chair and run deductions by it. Peppy yawned occasionally. Sherlock pronounced it an excellent stand-in for John. John was never sure if he should be amused or offended by that.
John immediately began to fill Sherlock in as he fumbled through his wallet, rooting around for his medical ID badge that would get him onto the surgical ward since visiting hours were long over, and he didn’t particularly feel like answering a lot of stupid questions as an emergency contact.
“Agreed.”
“Since Lestrade. Really, John….warts?”
John arrived with forty seconds to spare and was surprised to note that he was the last one there. Sherlock looked to be putting the finishing touches on hooking up a power point presentation, fiddling with the connection cables.
Ordinarily, he’d run his deductions by John, but since John was the current focus of his deductions, Mycroft would have to do. If Mycroft concurred that his reasoning was sound, and Sherlock was completely certain it was, he would need to begin seducing John Watson right away.
Mycroft crossed his legs and settled more fully onto the bench as John eyed him warily, inwardly seething. The only thing preventing him from verbally lashing out at Holmes the elder was the shocked, hard lump currently lodged in his own larynx.
John had furiously shucked his tie and yanked off his coat before the door at 221 Baker Street had completely closed. He threw both at the newel post at the base of the stairs before trudging up the steps at a steady clip, each footfall radiating a sort of heart sore anger that Sherlock could not begin to fathom.
John felt an ache bloom deep in his chest at the sheer kindness Sherlock was capable of, when he wanted to be kind. “Thank you,” John murmured softly. “Oh God, I’m going to be late for work,” John cried out as he attempted to lever himself into a standing position.
Mycroft nodded sagely.
He sat quickly on the side of her bed and wrapped his free arm around her shoulders allowing her to lean forward and rest an unbruised section of her forehead against his shoulder.
As he turned to thank his erstwhile benefactor, the words choked in his throat as he met the blue-grey eyes of Mycroft Holmes.
John held up his index finger in the age old symbol for ‘in a minute’ as he continued to listen.
He supposed it was just as inevitable that sometimes those thoughts would intrude while he was making love with Mary; every now and again he would fantasize that there really was a man behind him, that it was a man’s heavy, angular, solid weight behind him, truly pinning him down, fucking him relentlessly with a thick, hard cock. There would be a set of large hands, elegant but masculine, moonbeam pale, covering his own hands, fingers intertwined, while dark curls brushed along his nape and rosy pink Cupid’s bow lips pressed sweat salt kisses against his spine.
“Unh unh,” Sherlock whined again. “They’re staying with Mycroft …more room, and they get their own bathroom.”
Once his legs had begun shifting restlessly and his hips were pushing down, desperate with need, he squirted more lube and slid the first fingertip teasingly into his opening. John was moaning now. He had intended to take this slower, tease the nerve endings in the rim with tiny circles and barely there penetration, but he hadn’t had a lover since Mary died.
Sherlock’s phone chose that moment to ring.
Peppy eyed him drowsily from his dog bed by the fire and dropped off back to sleep almost instantly, the night punctuated by his soft snores.
John sat, staring unseeingly at the penguins for several long minutes. “So, why are you telling me this?” John asked musingly. “Surely you didn’t think I’d accept such an outrageous proposal, did you?”
,” John whispered in awed amazement and no small amount of real trepidation.
“John, please,” Sherlock begged. “What did Mycroft say?”
John ignored it.
Mycroft smiled a cold smile. “Did you know that time runs differently in space than it does on earth? That space time is affected by gravity such that time slows in direct proportion to gravity?”
“Drink that,” Mycroft demanded in a voice that brooked no arguments. When John had burned his lips and tongue drinking down that cupful and one more after that, Mycroft sighed and pulled out a bottle of Irish whiskey, pouring John and himself both a healthy slug of the liquor into the cocoa mugs.
Remembering the falling young man in the exam room, John shut off the water, grabbed his towel, rolled it up into a tube shape and tossed it on the floor of the bathtub before kneeling down on the padded terrycloth. He squeezed a healthy additional dollop of the organic shower gel onto his fingers and proceeded to press against the outer rectal muscle. This was more difficult. The muscle resisted, but John was persistent—pushing forward and pulling back as he rubbed in small circular motions. Less than a minute later, the muscle relaxed and allowed him to ease two fingers inside.
John nodded his thanks to the nurse who gave him a cold frown for upsetting her patient. He exited quietly, and found Lestrade and Sherlock standing in the hallway. Sherlock reached into his jacket and produced a handkerchief, gently wiping John’s face before tucking it back into his pocket. It was only then that John realized that half of the sobbing had been him.
“Oh bloody hell, I am so fucked,” John murmured to himself as he shut off the light and trudged up the stairs to his room. There would be no sleep for him tonight. He knew he was going to be doing research all night on latent bisexuality and gay sex.
John gripped a mug of tea tightly, staring into the murky depths of the milky, sweet beverage as if it held the answers to all of life’s questions. They had arrived back at Baker Street at 7:30 that morning, exhausted beyond words. Nora had taken just one look at the two of them, and John had broken down-- somewhat coherently relating the events of the night before.
Things were working out even better than she had planned. After trying for years to get her boys together--after all, Mrs. Turner had married ones, and she had no intentions of being outdone by Ida Turner--she’d finally hit upon the perfect plan.
“How about bed?” John suggested. “I don’t know about you, but I’m exhausted. I feel like a dishrag that’s been put through the wringer one time too many and every fibre of my being is starting to fray. Nora and Rosie are gonna be up in a few hours, and if we don’t get some sleep, I think we’ll both drop. Besides, we have to be up by nine to get dinner started; we promised to host the Christmas party this year.”
“Why?” John asked, trying to keep the irritation out of his voice.
“It took me a lot of time in therapy and reading about co-dependence to understand that.” John felt a soft nuzzling at his knee and looked down to see Peppy’s soulful liquid brown eyes looking at him intently. John smiled and slipped the lemon biscuit to the dog. Prize acquired, Peppy laid down on John’s shoe to eat.
“Hello, John,” came the crisp, efficient feminine voice on the other end of the line. “This is Agatha, at St. Bart’s. I was…”
“Sherlock, where are you going?” John asked softly, trying to avoid waking Nora and Rosie.
would keep Mrs. Hudson from hearing John’s wailing otherwise.
“I felt an immediate need to go to The Diogenes Club.”
Lestrade’s callous, drunken remark had scared him, a cold, icy knot forming in his gut and radiating tendrils of emptiness and despair. It would be so easy to lose this—this niche he had carved for himself in John’s life…this happiness. He had to make sure John was happy, that all of his needs were being met, that John had no reason to leave. Hence the breaking and entering he was currently perpetrating upon John’s laptop. Fifty-one minutes later Sherlock closed the laptop with a soft snap after reading the last ten private blog entries and wiping all traces of his electronic fingerprints from the computer’s hard drive.
“No,” Sherlock whined as he pulled the duvet over his head and snuggled down, firmly ensconced in a cocoon of eiderdown and pillows.
"Uhmmm...," John murmured dazedly, and then realized exactly what 'the only one' implied.  John finally nodded a bit helplessly as it sunk in that Sherlock's interpretation of his statement was the only logical one.
“Okay, right then. I know you stopped reading my blog sometime in early November, but I know I mentioned in several posts prior to that that I was trying to work up the nerve to tell you that I love you.”
“For what it’s worth, Dr. Watson, I recommend that you seriously consider Sherlock’s offer before dismissing it out of hand. I really believe you could be good for each other, perhaps even truly happy together.”
Sherlock stared at John’s hand clasped tightly in his own, brow knitted and didn’t respond. He took two deep breaths in slow succession before John heard a soft “yes,” breathed out on a slow gust of air.
Also, apologies but this is a very long chapter.
The shock of twelve and a half stone of consulting detective falling dead weight across his back drove John’s knees completely out from underneath him, and he landed flat, completely prone with Sherlock’s semi-hard cock still inside him, the younger man’s weight and position keeping the now softening member in place.
As John settled Rosie in her pram for a brief nap, he was startled to realize that the impeccably dressed gentleman who had just sat down next to them was Mycroft Holmes. John’s first thought was “Oh God, this cannot be good.” It was quickly followed by “This has something to do with Sherlock. What has he done now?”
John shivered violently as he felt a fresh wave of tears begin to freeze to his lashes and cheeks. His breath gusted in frozen white clouds in front of his face, and he noticed belatedly that at some point it had begun to snow. There was a thick coating overlaying the path and the fountain.
John thought back to their previous cases. “Heavy gauge zip ties, I suppose,” John said at last. “Fast, efficient, strong, cheap, and easy to conceal; you can get them pretty much anywhere, and they don’t look all that suspicious if someone sees them in your boot with the first aid kit and the like.”
“I…I didn’t intend financial…” began John.
He motioned to John to follow him back into the bedroom. As soon as both men were inside, he shut and locked the door behind him and then turned on the fan in the corner, the one John used for white noise when Sherlock was typing so fast his laptop emitted a steady clacking noise.
“Hopefully, therapy will shed some insight onto that for your sister,” Sherlock answered. He picked up his phone and opened it to the text message section, selecting Mycroft’s contact information. “Do I have your consent to help her, John?”
Please, if you enjoyed this story at all, leave a comment.  It doesn't even have to be much at all--just a word or two to let me know that something I wrote brightened your day a little.
“I see,” Sherlock murmured. “From your expression, I take it he explained my deductions and enlightened you as to my plans.” John nodded tersely as Sherlock sprawled bonelessly on the couch, turning his head slightly to keep John’s visage in sight. “You disapprove, then? Mycroft suggested that you would. But I assure you that my deductions are completely logical, utterly beyond reproach.”
“So,” Sherlock said, every line of his body radiating a tightly coiled tension, “what, if anything, do you plan to do?”
Sherlock nodded cautiously. When John neither moved nor spoke, Sherlock gave the other man the verbal reassurance he wanted. “I promise.”
“You asked me to, remember? We clearly needed to do more for Clara than the counseling and medical care she is currently receiving. I have secured Mycroft’s assistance in getting a service animal for Clara. It will allow her to reclaim some of her independence, and he is going to make sure Anthea finds her some sort of flat share situation so she can remain in London and live, at least, semi-autonomously. He has also found himself in need of a part time secretary, which will become a full time secretarial position as soon as Clara is medically able to work the additional hours. I have no doubts she can pass the background checks. She seems the loyal sort.”
They finally compromised. When the room was finished they would paint it a neutral beige and use cling form alphabet letters and numbers shaped like blocks to decorate the room; they could easily be changed out as Rosie grew without the need to re-paint the room.
“Anything,” he gasped nearly breathless. “Everything.” John battled a moment of confusion and rejection as he felt Sherlock pull back. And then he felt like some sort of exotic butterfly pinned to a wax palette by Sherlock’s fathomless Caribbean blue-green eyes as the detective searched his face for something. John felt his face flush vermilion, but he held the other man’s eyes albeit awkwardly. In that moment, it dawned on him what he had offered. He could pretend to misunderstand that probing gaze, but what would be the point? He wanted it; Sherlock knew John better than John knew himself—Sherlock had to know what he wanted. They had been headed to this place since the first night they had been intimate.
“And this couldn’t be a copycat?” Donovan asked with her eyes narrowed.
“Since Stamford is the medical director at Bart’s, I went to see him next. He is now aware of the fact that not all visitors are signing in before visiting a patient. I’m not sure how much he can do to feasibly correct the situation, but visitor logs are now, for all intents and purposes, worthless as evidence,” Sherlock sneered slightly, and John knew that the other man was irritated at both the situation and himself for having relied on incomplete and misleading evidence.
Sherlock nodded. “…demons drive her to this self-destructive behavior, but I can tell you that no addict ever truly seeks sobriety until he or she hits absolute rock bottom, and that’s a different place for every one of us.”
“Sherlock,” John called, relief evident in his voice as he stepped off the elevator and headed straight toward the other man.
Sherlock eyed her speculatively, eyes flickering a calculating cadence as he took in all of the details, all of the details he should have seen…would have seen before had he insisted on interviewing her himself.
“Why don’t you go in and find out?” Mycroft asked silkily, and with that John found himself standing on the stoop at 221 Baker Street as he watched Mycroft’s long, black limousine disappear into the steadily falling snow.
“Mmmmm,” Sherlock murmured in agreement or appreciation of the warmth John wasn’t sure.
Harriet Watson had made her choice, and, as an addict himself, Sherlock could understand her choice. He didn’t support it, but he couldn’t honestly say that if he were in her position that he would have made a different choice. He stood side by side with Mrs. Hudson just inside the slightly open doorway, both of them listening to John banging around the kitchen ostensibly making tea, wincing at each bang and loudly uttered curse emanating from the upstairs flat.
Sherlock nodded. “Whatever you choose to do, however you want to handle this, I’ll support you.”
“There’s some fresh blackberry jam from the farmer’s market in the fridge,” John muttered. “God, you’re a whiny bastard this morning.”
He was almost asleep when he felt Sherlock pull away and heard his laptop click open. A moment later, Sherlock turned the fan on and blessed white noise lulled John into sleep. When John awoke, Sherlock was gone and his side of the bed was stone cold to the touch. John shivered as he climbed out of his nest of blankets and made a mental note to speak to Mrs. Hudson about getting that handyman to replace the old windows and maybe take a look at the building’s ancient boiler.
“John, I’ve been thinking.”
John sighed as he finally pushed himself up off the bed and stood to face Sherlock, reaching out to pluck the slightly mangled paper from Sherlock’s fingers. He began unfolding the paper, holding it tightly to his chest making absolutely certain that Sherlock could not see the side with the ink on it.
The problem, as Sherlock saw it, was that John was about to start dating again. Although he had not yet posted it, the rough draft of an online dating profile had been contained in John’s last blog. He was lonely, obviously. How John could be lonely when the man had Sherlock, Rosie, and The Work, Sherlock couldn’t quite fathom, but it must be so else John would not have written of his “aching loneliness” in his last blog entry. To be on the safe side, Sherlock decided to take the words at face value rather than assume the blogger was devolving to dramatic license as he was prone to do in his public posts.
For years this had been his dirty, shameful secret, and he had used his fingers to pleasure himself only when he was certain that he was alone and wouldn’t be interrupted. Bad enough to get caught with your hand around your dick—men jerked off—that was normal if somewhat embarrassing. Men did not cram two fingers up their arseholes and diddle around until they came. That was not normal, at least not in the military--the last bastion of the proudly strutting, gun toting, knuckle dragging alpha male, and any whisper of gossip that a man liked something in his arse meant he was gay.
So far as Sherlock was concerned they were a real family. Rosie’s needs were being met just fine by John and Sherlock and their coterie of friends and extended family. Surely John could see this? He made mention throughout his numerous blogs of all of the wonderful experiences Rosie was provided due to this unusual and varied upbringing. This must be a red herring then. John was using this argument to bolster his decision to begin dating again, to help assuage a bit of a guilty conscience. He must be feeling a certain amount of guilty shame since Mary had only been dead for six months and pesky social conventions frowned upon dating before a full year of mourning had elapsed.
John looked suspiciously at Sherlock and wisely chose not to pursue this conversation any longer.
Within two days, John had settled in so well it seemed to everyone he had been there forever. The first day there had been an agent in need of eighteen stitches and another with a through and through gunshot wound to the upper arm. John was very much in his element.
His breath raspy, and his body tingling, John muttered a “who the hell will ever know” to himself and slipped a soapy fingertip inside the rim, working gently to loosen the tight ring of muscle.
He sighed as he sank down on the sofa and watched Sherlock awkwardly prepare tea. John snorted softly, unsure if he was irritated or amused. After the events of the last few hours, the image of a roaring fire and Sherlock preparing tea was almost surreal in its banal domesticity.
“What do you think?” Sherlock asked looking like nothing so much as an excited puppy.
John groaned harshly as the alarm clock bleated its annoying and insistent reveille at 8:30am.
She giggled merrily as she slipped on her pumps and gave her appearance one last glance. As she waited for Sherlock and John, she considered. Third time’s the charm, after all, and a hat trick would put her one up on that smarmy Eustace McGinty too.
“I’ve disappointed you,” Sherlock said softly, sighing as he got up to leave. “Please try not to be angry, John.” Sherlock hesitated at the door wishing the right words to come to smooth this over.
John chanced a glance at Sherlock, resigned. Resigned to what, he didn’t quite know, but resigned nevertheless…only to discover that Sherlock wasn’t looking at him. Well, he was and he wasn’t. He wasn’t looking at John per se, but he was absolutely fixated on the point where the silicone dildo still rested snugly in John’s arse.
“Look, Sherlock… I trust you more than anyone else in the world. You may not need a relationship, but would you want one…with me? I’ve lived with you for how many years? I know who you are, your moods, your experiments…and the only thing I’ll ever ask is something I would insist upon whether we were in a relationship or not—You cannot ever do anything that would place Rosie in jeopardy…that’s all I want.”
“Perhaps. It will increase the security clearance you currently enjoy, but I cannot promise that it will always get you access to everything.”
by the med school senior class, signed up every rotation for the in-depth prostate exam. Stamford, with a wicked smile and four shots of Baileys in his gut, had admitted that he’d set John up with old Pete just for laughs.
John had just taken Rosie for a Saturday afternoon stroll in the park, giving Sherlock, in his best estimation, at least an hour before John returned to the flat and caught Sherlock mooching his computer. Not that that was at all unusual. But, since Sherlock planned to break into John’s private blog, the one he kept on his laptop in the file marked ‘porn’ thinking that it wouldn’t interest Sherlock, the blog he didn’t think Sherlock knew anything about, well, he had to make sure he had enough time to erase any and all time stamps and digital fingerprint traces of his incursion into the file.
The Scientific Method
“I know,” John murmured, his voice breaking to reflect something breaking inside himself. Was it his heart? His conscience? John finally took his hands away from his eyes as the tears of helpless rage and grief spilled over. “My fault…all my fault.”
Oh God. Could he do this? His heart was about to pound out of his chest. He looked at the expanse of the bed around him and then back to Sherlock who was staring at him curiously. John squirmed, feeling like he was one of Sherlock’s specimen’s under a ‘borrowed’ St. Bart’s microscope.
On Wednesday during a break between patients, he polished and posted his new profile on Find My Soulmate, an online dating site for London professionals. He had cautiously emailed seven women who lived in the area who interested him, but when he checked his stats on Thursday, he had zero replies, and five of the women had blocked him. He reviewed his emails and couldn’t find anything offensive about them at all. A quick review of his profile revealed the problem.
“Isn’t it self-evident? It’s all around us, John. Lestrade
“A bunch of crap that makes no sense, Sherlock. I’m in no mood for this,” John said tiredly as he turned toward the stairs. “I’ll sleep upstairs in the spare room tonight, and I’ll start looking for another flat after Christmas.”
“Seven,” Sherlock replied airily and with a somewhat sloppy grin.
“Then I would have gone with him, backed him up,” John asserted in a hot whisper, trying to ensure that he didn’t wake the peacefully napping Rosie.
John gritted his teeth, in annoyance or to keep them from chattering he wasn’t quite sure.
John chuckled with amusement and scooted up and into the waiting arms. He had another, ulterior motive for wanting to cuddle. They needed to talk, and he didn’t think he could have this conversation looking Sherlock in the eyes. He laid his head against Sherlock’s shoulder, gazing at the pale expanse of his chest as it rose and fell with each breath and readied himself for … something.
A quick trip downstairs, and he had four bottles of chilled water on ice in the small Igloo cooler he and Sherlock used while on stake outs. He spared a quick, questioning thought as to why Sherlock had
Sherlock inclined his head and began spreading out crime scene photos again. “What do you make of this Watson?” Sherlock queried as he passed over a particularly grisly photo.
John snapped his fingers twice in front of Sherlock’s glazed eyes causing the detective to jerk back and his eyes to…finally…focus on John’s face.
“I’m not taking it, and that’s the end of the discussion, Sherlock. Don’t you think I’ve taken enough from you as it is?” John inquired sadly before picking up Rosie and heading upstairs to bed, the echo of Mycroft’s scathing words whispering silent condemnation in his mind.
. Does that sound like the behavior of a man who doesn’t love you?” Mycroft asked softly.
“I’m not the man you think I am, John,” Sherlock said sadly as he moved to sit beside John, paper still clutched in his hand as the image of the ring taunted him silently.
“And you discovered this when you were doing your research into human sexual behavior?”
John bit his lips nervously, his heart racing like it was literally going to break his ribs and beat itself out of his chest. What an inopportune time for things to fall out of his pocket; John was fairly certain at this point that the universe had it in for him. He debated briefly going back to bed, covering up his head and issuing a tacit “Fuck You” to said universe.
“Have you lost your bloody mind?” John shouted, heedless of Rosie or the other nearby zoo patrons.
“You wouldn’t,” Sherlock said with assurance.
“Sherlock isn’t in love with me,” John blurted, at a complete loss as to how this conversation had gone so far out of control but struggling to re-assert some modicum of sanity into the mix.
“That’s…that’s crazy,” John stuttered. “It’s…”
John shut off the heating pad, turned down the radiator, blew out the candles, tossed the damp towels into the corner and pulled the duvet up around himself and Sherlock, finally flicking off the lamp. He left the smooth jazz on repeat and let the soft strains of a piano lull him to sleep.
“John, there is someone here to see you,” he called.
The night nurse raised her head from the notes she was making into a chart. She typed a few things into her console and nodded a moment later. “Room 204, general ward,” she said. “I can’t give you any medical information, you know, but if she decides to fill you in…” the older woman said with a small shrug, “Well, that’s her prerogative then, isn’t it?”
“I’ll just go then,” he murmured softly. “Please get some rest.”
“As I said, she’s in good health but she’s not young anymore, and she isn’t keen on taking the Underground to and from work every day. She wants room and board in exchange for a lesser salary. After having lived outside of Leeds on a farm for the last thirty odd years, she wants to live in central London and enjoy everything the city has to offer. And, well, we only have the two bedrooms. I’m willing to give up my room and sleep on the fold-out in the lounge, but that still leaves us a bedroom short. Rosie will need her own room soon.”
“It was the logical choice. Eurus was toying with me. The entire game was designed to torture me into madness. Even when we played by her rules, she dropped two innocent men to their deaths; she lied about Molly Hooper’s imminent demise. Ergo, when two people play a game—one playing by the rules and one who cheats at will, who will win? At that point, Eurus had demonstrated an identifiable pattern of cheating, so to speak, manipulating each outcome to cause the maximum amount of emotional torment. The only logical choice was to refuse to play any longer; it gave you, Mycroft and the fictional people on the doomed plane the best odds of surviving since she had demonstrated no particular interest in anyone other than me.”
John swallowed but said nothing.
“And then,” Mycroft continued smoothly, “there were the events that transpired following Mary’s death. You withdrew from life into a fantasy world and Sherlock, to put it bluntly, went off the rails. Again, he did not behave as a normal man would behave, and you ended up beating him, rather savagely in fact. And again, he did not fight back.”
“Where do we go from here?” Sherlock whispered softly against the fluffy hair on John’s crown, hair that had been recently snow saturated, dried on a borrowed blanket and now stood up in staticky tufts.
Privately he had contacted Mycroft and demanded a meeting, whereupon he read the British Government the riot act. How could Sherlock’s genius older brother send a man who barely remembered to eat on the best of days and had a troubling propensity for throwing himself into the midst of the most dangerous situations imaginable, without thought or hesitation, possibly send Sherlock to Thailand, the heroin capitol of the world--without adult supervision?
John took a deep breath as he struggled to assimilate this new information about his best friend and flat mate.
“You would have.” Sherlock’s tone left no room for doubt, no margin for error, and John let it go—determined to live up to Sherlock’s good opinion of him.
“Well, then get up and help me get dinner on,” he said as he delivered a sharp slap to the vicinity of Sherlock’s arse, which, thanks to the thick duvet was really no more than a love pat.
“Gentlemen,” Mycroft said softly. “I will take my leave and allow the family their privacy.”
He had vague recollections of his grandmother bemoaning his etiquette and chastising him for not showing an interest in other people’s lives. He personally thought most people led bland and boring routine lives, and there was little of interest he could not deduce when he cared enough to make the effort. Still, it was for John…
Sherlock looked at him curiously.
Chapter End Notes: So, who caught the very blatant Harry Potter reference in this chapter?
Nora looked at him and raised an eyebrow. John grinned back. Yeah, no one was fooled by Sherlock’s attempt to blink back tears, but he was going to let the other man have this. Drawing attention to it would only embarrass him.
Sherlock smiled gleefully and continued as if Lestrade had never interrupted. “A random comment John made prompted me to comb through Scotland Yard’s murder records.”
Mycroft had visibly struggled to rein in his amusement as John ranted about his ‘dubious morality,’ ‘questionable and dangerous objectives,’ and ‘downright harebrained schemes.’ At John’s conclusion after he finally wound down, i.e. when John finally had to pause in order to breathe, Mycroft had informed the ex-soldier that Anthea would be accompanying Sherlock the entire time.
“Are you on the way, John? Sherlock said he texted you the address.”
“It isn’t about value,” John hastened to explain before Sherlock got off onto a tirade there would be no coming back from. “It’s about taking advantage…” John began.
“There’s shite in the ice trays!?” John shouted, sitting up to look at a rather smug looking Sherlock.
Sherlock studied him closely before answering. “I thought you knew. I have a vocabulary that’s more extensive than the average university doctoral graduate, and yet I don’t know that I have the words. John, I would kill for you.”
One unsuspected benefit of having Nora around was that she enjoyed cooking. John was grateful for the home cooked meals as take away was both unhealthy and expensive.
“No, I didn’t,” Sherlock conceded coolly. “But, then again I never said I did. I merely stated that between the two of us that we should be able to afford the rent, which was true. It was also true that Mrs. Hudson owed me a favor. I never lied; I never said that I couldn’t cover the rent on my own. You made an incorrect assumption, Watson. I can hardly be blamed for your erroneous deductions.”
“Sherlock is going to attempt to initiate a sexual relationship with you,” Mycroft stated flatly.
On the one hand, he was grateful that Sherlock had babysat for him Wednesday evening, the night he had late hours at the clinic. On the other hand, the fact that Sherlock had used food coloring that he had ‘liberated’ from Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen cabinet to mix up finger paints for Rosie had been a nightmare of epic proportions. Sherlock had argued that food coloring was chemically inert and therefore completely safe. John seethed quietly and wondered how his fucktard genius of a flat mate hadn’t bothered to consider that most food colorings formed the bases for indelible dyes. Rosie’s face and hands had closely resembled a mutant Picasso painting for just over a week, a fact both she and Sherlock had seemed to delight in. All in all, he supposed it could be worse, and it did make for a few spectacular and highly memorable baby pictures.
John applied a generous amount of lube before tossing it back on the heating pad to keep warm. Slowly he began working the head in, feeling the stretch and burn as the thick cock opened him a little more; this was, by far, the best experience with a dildo he had ever enjoyed. The Real Cock II A was certainly living up to its reputation and worth every pound he’d paid for it, John decided.
“Really?” Mycroft said, eyebrow quirked for emphasis. “You just admitted that you’ve no idea why you lose your self-control where Sherlock is concerned, and you don’t think that’s a problem?” He glanced at Rosie’s pram briefly before refocusing his eyes directly on John. “Do you really want to perpetuate the cycle of abuse and violence onto the next generation? Your grandfather, your father, your alcoholic sister…” Mycroft trailed off delicately. “Do you truly want to become what you most despise?”
“Yes, your schedule would be somewhat flexible, as much as I can make it, enabling you to continue working with Sherlock most of the time. In an emergency, a car or helicopter can pick you up just as easily from a crime scene as from the government center. Dr. Watson, you keep Sherlock from completely going off the rails. Don’t think I don’t know that or that I do not appreciate it. I will do all I can to ensure that continues.”
“What can I do for you, Mycroft?” John said congenially.
John made no argument, clumsily following along on stiffly frozen joints until he was deposited into the back of Mycroft’s car. Two sharp raps to the dividing glass, and John felt the strongly purring engine pull smoothly into the light traffic around the square. The warmth was both a blessed relief and a curse as extremities previously numbed by the cold began to ache with sharp, tingling needles as blood flow was restored.
“You love me, Sherlock,” John acknowledged softly. “No,” he interjected swiftly as he saw Sherlock readying himself for a blunt denial. “That’s love, Sherlock. That’s what love is supposed to be—not an excuse to lose your self-respect, to let people treat you like trash, to be selfish or take advantage. Love is caring for someone so much that you’re willing to sacrifice what you want for what they need. All of that other crap you described, well, some people call them toxic relationships, or infatuation, or co-dependence, or some other name, but what they are is really the same thing: a corruption of love. What you described is love, real love, walk through fire without blinking love; and in case you were wondering, that’s what I meant to tell you when I told you that I love you,” John said as he somewhat shyly extended his hand, relieved to feel Sherlock grasp it tightly.
“Where’ve you been?” he rasped out, embarrassed to realize that his voice still sounded hoarse from his earlier cry. He cleared his throat trying to clear the pieces of broken glass out of his larynx.
“Yeah, yeah I think so…but, when you were on the plane, you weren’t…”
John fidgeted in his chair, crossed and uncrossed his legs and tugged the collar of his oatmeal colored jumper away from his neck, sweat beginning to gather at his nape.
“No, why would I want that?” he asked softly, not meeting John’s eyes.
Agatha worked in the surgical intensive care ward. He looked over at Sherlock, whose still glittering, curious eyes met his own. If Sherlock was here…
John sighed. “In Lestrade’s defense, she did actively try to conceal it—even went so far as to use her friend’s medical card. And, I know of several doctors who are known to treat victims of domestic violence off the record. They’re terrified that their abusers will kill them if there’s a record of the abuse, so they use fake identities, lie about the injuries….”
“Think about it Watson. If you needed to subdue someone, bind someone with the sole intent of preventing escape, what would you use?”
Sherlock turned from where he had just plugged his phone in to charge and looked at the bed. He shrugged nonchalantly. “It was no effort, and if it makes you feel better, why not?”
It was a testament to Sherlock’s level of concern that he’d even bothered to ask if something he was doing was annoying, John realized tiredly and silently vowed to apologize to Mrs. Hudson and endeavor to be less stroppy for the duration of the construction.
John whimpered as Sherlock seized an opportunity to experiment, grasped the base of the dildo and began working it across John’s prostate in the same slow rhythm John had inadvertently taught him before. He had been on edge now for nearly two hours, and he couldn’t take much more.
“It sounds ideal. What is, as they say, the catch?” Sherlock inquired shrewdly. “You’re hesitating.”
“I don’t think I can have intercourse yet. I’ll need to work up to that, but I am familiar with the basic equipment,” John said as he gestured to his own groin area, which was seemingly beginning to take an interest in recent developments. That more than anything convinced Sherlock that John was serious. “I think I can manage a hand job, maybe a bit of frottage,” John said, a little uncertain. Would this be enough? “You need to understand, though. I still haven’t worked through all of my anger issues, Sherlock. Please, you have to promise me that you won’t let me hurt you.”
A quick trip to the loo, and he returned to find Sherlock sitting upright, leaning gracefully against the headboard deep in his mind palace.
“I’m sorry, was there a question there, John?”
“You couldn’t have,” Sherlock said. “I checked the visitor logs. Hospital policy requires anyone visiting a patient to sign in and receive authorization. Even when John and I went, we had to sign in each and every time, even though he is immediate family.”
Sherlock merely raised an eyebrow and pulled the laptop across the table. He re-opened it and typed briefly, the keys clacking out a thudding, definitive bite before he pushed the computer back across the table. A new window had been loaded, and John stared aghast at the lines of numbers running across the screen.
“You need to do something, Sherlock, before he hurts himself,” she insisted.
“No,” Sherlock said decisively. “It’s the same man. A copycat would be inexperienced, sloppier than his master. There would be hesitation marks; the ropes would have been tied with slightly less or more tension, not quite that eight degree twist to the knot. Plus the fact that these photos haven’t been released to the public.”
“I know,” Sherlock said deadpan, and John suspected that the other man was being literal instead of humorous.
“What?” Mycroft demanded. “If he had just told you, you would be dead. You would have either followed him, or you would have been unable to realistically sustain the not-so-polite fiction that Sherlock had committed suicide in the immediate aftermath of the events when you were under the most intense scrutiny imaginable. Don’t flatter yourself, doctor; you’re not that good of an actor.”
really, particularly for the duration required to woo and impregnate a human female, and…probably best
Sherlock paused to swallow and consider his next words. “However, like any computer, at some point, it begins to glitch. It doesn’t run as fast. It starts to freeze up, get caught in loops, over heat. Tell me, Watson, what do you do when your laptop starts up with that sort of behavior?”
“The neurochemicals released during an orgasm are very similar to what happens when the brain is exposed to heroin. During an orgasm, the lateral orbitofrontal cortex — the brain region behind the left eye — shuts down during the orgasm and immediately thereafter. This region is considered to be the voice of reason, logic and controls behavior. I can cite the study for you in the
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively as they entered the flat and John laid Rosie in her cot in the corner.
Rosie took the opportunity at that moment to twist around in John’s grip, shout “Erwokk” again and grab the detective’s finger.
“Take off your clothes,” John commanded as he continued to rock himself on the dildo, the soft, wet sucking sounds adding to the heated urgency.
John felt a warmth tinged with pain and sadness bloom in his chest at Sherlock’s words. He’d had no idea as to how deeply complex Sherlock’s emotions were. The detective would undoubtedly say something scathing about useless sentiment if John tried to discuss it further or worse, act on it. He dismissed immediately the visions of himself wrapping Sherlock in his arms, hugging him, kissing him. The other man would not appreciate such a display of emotion and would undoubtedly deride such a display as useless sentiment. The one thing he could do was to change the topic of conversation, put Sherlock back in his comfort zone of logic and reason.
“The Diogenes Club,” Sherlock said hastily, giving the address to the tired taxi driver who pulled smoothly into the light, late night traffic as Sherlock’s fingers fairly flew, texting quickly.
“Bit not good, Sherlock,” John groused as they arrived back at the flat.
It was four days before Christmas, and John found himself shifting silently, albeit a bit awkwardly, from foot to foot as his colleague, Dr. Amanda Winston, ogled the tasteful, if still somewhat glitzy, display in the Tiffany’s shop window.
John sighed, as he was forcefully reminded once again that his very literal lover was about as emotionally empathetic as a potato; off and on, he had lived with the mad genius for nearly three years. He should know well what he was getting himself into.
Sherlock chose that moment to glide in from the bathroom and handed her a warm, damp flannel, which she took with a forced, grateful smile. John wasn’t sure when Sherlock had left, but he shot the other man a quick nod of appreciation. Clara cleaned the streaked make up off her face and looked absently at the cloth, now smeared with mascara, foundation and rouge, the yellowing bruises on her face no longer concealed.
John reached a hand up to see if his jaw was hanging open and whether he needed to manually re-close it. “I…I…,” he sputtered, at a complete loss for words. “Explain, please,” John choked out finally.
“Awww hell,” John muttered. “I was going to ask you to marry me,” he blurted in frustration, as he shoved the opened paper back into Sherlock’s hands, a paper on which he had printed a picture of the ring.
Sherlock and Anthea were still in Bangkok and would be there for several more days, at least, giving them enough time to complete all of the paperwork and give their statements at the embassy. Sherlock’s flight was scheduled to land at Heathrow on Monday evening at 7:41pm.
John reached over and picked up the broken cookie, turning it over and over in his fingers.
should have knocked her out completely by now. Normally he used a damp flannel as a gag because he could get very loud while pleasuring himself, and the cloth did double duty as a means to wipe himself up afterwards. But tonight, with Sherlock seven time zones east of Great Britain and with Mrs. Hudson two floors and two herbal soothers away, he would be able to fully indulge himself without fear of discovery.
the ice cube trays before hurrying back upstairs. He quickly closed the Venetian blinds and pulled the dark navy coloured room darkening curtains closed, cocooning him in his own private little world, before flipping the switch on the small, oil-filled radiator. He shut the bedroom door—pressing hard and listening for the click—otherwise the door had an annoying propensity for easing open during the night and letting the heat out. He then tossed his dressing gown across the rocking chair in the corner and crawled into the snug warmth of his large bed.
“But, my addiction is probably the best place to begin this conversation. Do you know why I started using, Watson? What prompted me to turn to illegal drugs, to become an addict?”
“And what if he’s right?” Sherlock countered. “He is…”
“No, my old room faced the alley on one side. I got used to wearing a sleep mask to block out the street light,” John said as he held up the mask. “I’ll be fine.”
Chapter Notes: The goldfish reference comes from the episode The Empty Hearse. Mycroft bemoans the fact that his superior intelligence makes him feel as if he is “living in a world of goldfish” when he must interact with people of a lesser intellect, which is pretty much everyone.
“What?” Sherlock asked innocently.
Christmas went about the way John expected it would, with a few minor hiccups. Rosie enjoyed the wrapping paper far more than she enjoyed her gifts, and John kept having to pluck pieces of it out of her mouth as everyone cooed over her and took numerous pictures.
After a long pause, Sherlock managed a strangled “Yes.”
John shivered again and belatedly realized it was a cold draft and not arousal. He had closed the heavy curtains; there shouldn’t be a draft unless the door had opened…but John had shut the door before bed. Sighing loudly he continued to work the Real Cock into his eager, clenching body, but the draft was just sufficient enough of a distraction to put a damper on things—no pun intended. He needed to buy a lock tomorrow.
Not for the first time, John wondered, given Sherlock’s rather testy mood, if this wasn’t an ill-timed debacle waiting to happen, but he was, if nothing else, a man of his word. And, despite the fact that his promise was only to himself, it was still a promise, and he would carry it through. Come hell or high water, he was going to tell Sherlock tonight that he loved him.
Mary had been the only one he trusted with his secret. When he had told her, he had been wary of her reaction, but she had surprised him and enthusiastically offered to help. Her help had gradually led them both into trying pegging. John was amazed to discover that many straight men enjoyed having their female partners strap on a dildo harness and fuck them in the arse. There was a whole industry of toys and harnesses and how-to videos that catered to the growing niche market of heterosexual couples who liked, and routinely engaged in, anal penetration of the male partner.
Mycroft hmmmed. Sherlock looked at him. Mycroft blinked. Sherlock inclined his head.
John’s brow crinkled. “How’s that?”
“Was there a question in there, Watson?”
John didn’t bother to turn his head, watching the lights of the shopping district twinkling merrily as the car sped by on its tour of London proper.
Sherlock’s eyes continued to glitter, and in the dark he looked like a half-wild Fae thing, not of this world. He was both beautiful and maddening.
Sherlock paused for a long minute. “As to the why... First off, she is your sister and despite your protestations to the contrary, what happens to her matters to you…very much so. Moreover, I know what it means to be an addict, to be at the mercy of a soul deep pain that is so profound that I would do anything to make it stop, even risk death. It’s different for each of us, and I have no idea what motivates your sister, what…”
for a woman he barely knows, the ink hardly dry on his divorce papers… That is what society tells me
Sighing a most put upon sigh, Sherlock rolled to his left. John felt the wet slide as Sherlock’s flaccid cock was withdrawn, and he took his first sweet, deep gulp of air.
“St. Bart’s,” was the terse destination given to the taxi driver.
John sighed and grinned. Life was back to normal.
“Why did you do it?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock chuckled, stripped to his pants, and was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Rosie snuffled as if she were preparing herself for a good cry, and both men held their breath as she settled back down with a whimper.
“Sorry, Sherlock. Date tonight, and I am not going to cancel at the last minute on Caitlyn,” John said, determined, as he finally remembered her name. Captain Watson was digging his heels in. John had never had to work so hard for a date in his life as he had to this past week, and he had no intentions of fucking it up now.
“I’ll stop in at Bart’s after work. The specialist will have had time to evaluate her; hopefully, there will be some progress at that point.” John pocketed his wallet, cell phone and keys, grabbed his jacket and headed out, opting for a taxi instead of the tube. He’d still be late, but it would only be by half an hour at most.
“When Sherlock did return, he had just been released from hospital where he had undergone extensive reconstructive surgery. It took the best reconstructive surgeons in the world to put Humpty Dumpty back together again. When I finally managed to extricate Sherlock from the assignment, he had undergone intensive torture in a Serbian prison. He was higher than a kite that evening at the restaurant on a combination of pain killers, anti-inflammatories, antibiotics and other medications with no thought other than that he had to get to you. He needed to end your suffering, your belief that he was dead. And how did you react? You struck him, repeatedly.”
For the first time in what seemed like forever, but in reality was more along the lines of six months, John had the flat entirely to himself for a whole weekend. Sherlock’s parents had co-opted Rosie for a week, as they did every few months, in order to spend quality time with their ‘grand-daughter.’ John couldn’t begrudge them.
To say John’s vision went white with pleasure would be an understatement.
John swallowed the lump in his throat three times before he could force air through his larynx.
He really should have known better.
* * * * * * * * *
On Saturday, John announced that he had a date. The new radiology technician at the clinic, Susan or Luanne…. well, something Ann or maybe it was Lynn, had agreed to go for drinks with John that evening.
John reveled in the sensations of Sherlock’s slick flesh sliding against his own, the sparse chest hair rubbing between his shoulder blades, hot breath against his neck, the cage of Sherlock’s strong, wiry arms surrounding him, pinning him down, fucking him in time with John’s own pounding heartbeats.
“Eh, we get all kinds,” the woman on the phone supplied helpfully.
The cot had been temporarily moved upstairs into Nora’s room, the Moses Basket finally being deemed too small, and both child and nanny had already turned in for the night.
“You’re meeting with Mycroft at half three in the morning?” John asked, confused. What the hell was going on?
“I had an acquaintance, who is probably one of the five best hackers in the world, run a scan of the dark web. As you can see, here are the most recent transactions. The victims who had their faces removed—well, as you can see that was a specific request made by the purchaser of our assassin’s services. The multiple brandings of the third victim, I believe can be traced back to this one that specifically says “Burn the bitch.” You’ll find many of the other recent requests here have a correlation among the listed victims.”
“Then what was this,” he gestured waving his hand between them, “some sort of social experiment?”
Sherlock quietly congratulated himself on that bit of quick thinking. John hadn’t mentioned the mixer until that morning, and to concoct a plan that looked like a weird accident with the supplies he happened to have on hand was genius, even if he did say so himself. Sherlock spent a contented evening reading some rubbish Harry Potter book to Rosie and watching crap telly with John.
The next few hours John spent exactly as he had planned, retiring to his bedroom at precisely 10:30pm. Mrs. Hudson’s
“I believe he said he was going to room 204 to talk with a Ms. Burton. He wanted to let her know about Harriet Watson’s condition before she found out from someone else. Dr. Watson has his issues, but fundamentally, at heart, I believe he is a good man. You could do much worse, brother.”
.” Sherlock spat the word out like it tasted rancid in his mouth, but the tender squeeze to John’s hand and Sherlock’s awkward attempt to spoon the other man disabused John of any notion that Sherlock didn’t really want this.
“Sherlock, you’ve been working this case like a madman, especially since two more bodies turned up. You’re about to drop. I can’t take your bed.”
John sighed. “Sherlock, think about this for a moment. How is this supposed to even work? I have no experience with men, and up until Sunday afternoon, I had no doubts that I was completely and utterly straight. You’re…well…you—asexual I suspect. Married to your work, remember? And you’ve no experience at all. This is insane Sherlock, and that’s not even taking the emotional aspects of a relationship into account.” John sagged back into his chair waiting for the storm of deductions that was no doubt coming.
John gasped. Bloody hell, the man was good. And not for the first time John wondered if Mycroft didn’t have listening devices planted in every television and piece of electronic equipment in the UK. John hadn’t thought about that night in years. He had just turned thirteen when a sixteen year old Harry had violated curfew and come home at a quarter to three that Saturday morning. John had been in bed soundly asleep when the ensuing row woke him. He had crept downstairs unnoticed as screaming voices parried back and forth between his enraged parents and a defiant Harry.
John let out a soft grunt of frustration.
Sherlock looked like someone had kicked his puppy. Muttering “fine” in a low voice, he exited the flat. A few moments later John heard his deep baritone calling out for a taxi, then silence.
“Oh my God,” John gasped as he got a good look at Clara.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. John silently marveled at his ability to do that with his eyes closed.
John nodded. A weight slipped off his shoulders as he watched Mycroft walking down the meandering path through the park, brolly tapping out a brisk staccato rhythm. It occurred to him that regardless of how the books were balanced between Mycroft and Sherlock, he now owed Sherlock another debt he probably couldn’t repay.
Sherlock shrugged. “When he died, my maternal grandfather left Mycroft and myself small trust funds. And…well, let’s just say that investing is an interesting logic game to play when I’m bored.”
“It’s not your fault,” Sherlock said decisively. “Harriet made her own choice. She made choices throughout her entire adult life that led to this point and made this last choice when she couldn’t live with the consequences of her prior choices. She considered what she had done and passed judgment on herself. I am an addict, and if I had hurt John in this manner or Rosie, I probably would have done the same,” Sherlock concluded evenly. “If you’ll excuse me,” he said sharply and exited, taking the stairs two at a time, the door to Baker Street closed resoundingly behind him.
“Dr. Watson,” DI Gregory Lestrade said gruffly from his chair next to Clara’s hospital bed. He stood up quietly, motions controlled and soft somehow, designed to prevent victims from feeling threatened, John surmised. “John,” Lestrade said less formally as he motioned the other man toward the hallway. “Ms. Burton needs her rest.”
He looked at the bluish fingertips peeking out from the bandage and prayed that she would at least get to keep her hand even if it would never be more than partially functional ever again. At this point, Harry’s physicians were cautiously optimistic that she would survive this. She had been suffering serious blood loss upon arrival the previous evening and her kidneys had begun to shut down. Her blood tests, specifically ALT and AST, were showing signs of liver cirrhosis.
John swallowed hard, uncertain just how much, but knowing with unmitigated certainty that that admission had cost Sherlock dearly.
“Come here,” he whispered on a soft murmur as he scooted toward the center of the bed, giving Sherlock a spot to sit next to him.
John swallowed hard. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock was quietly seething until he got a call from Lestrade. “Double murder in Surrey, John! At least a 7 from what Lestrade says. The face of one of the victims was surgically peeled off. We may have a serial killer. Could be a murder/suicide. Christmas has come early this year,” Sherlock actually hummed Ode to Joy as he pulled on his Belstaff. “Come on John. What are you waiting for, an engraved invitation? The game is on!”
If Molly couldn’t have one Holmes brother, perhaps she’d be just as happy with the other? Sherlock and Mycroft would never admit to it, but the fact of the matter was that the reason they could never get along for prolonged periods of time was because they were so alike it was frightening—Mycroft simply hid his condescension and boredom better, with impeccable manners and polite social conventions.
“Done that too or damned close,” John said tightly.
“Makes the previous events seem almost inevitable,” Sherlock said quietly as he turned off the lamp.
Clara had begun to breathe hard, and she scooted back into her chair, her hands clenching into tight fists. “I … I lost it. I couldn’t scream; my voice was still so ragged, so ravaged, after she choked me. I did my best to shout, and I think that may be what finally forced her to pay attention. I don’t remember exactly what I said, but I told her she didn’t deserve a deal, that if there was a God that she’d go to prison for the rest of her fucking life. I knew…” Clara gasped and swallowed, took a few deep, choppy breaths in an attempt to steady herself, “I knew it wasn’t the damned drugs. This had been coming for a while, escalating. She meant to kill me, and I told her I had pictures of what she’d done to me and my medical records. I told her that I was through with protecting her, and I was going to testify, and if it was in my power I’d make sure they strung her up at the court house,” Clara rambled to a choked halt and struggled visibly to compose herself.
The Scientific Method:
Since Mary’s death six months before and the hellish events surrounding the psychopathic manipulations of Sherlock’s demented sister Eurus, he had tried diligently to follow the advice of his therapist, the real one, and get out more…socialize with people and attempt to maintain ties to his community and friends. To that end, he had been meeting with friends, colleagues, and even a few members of his old regiment on Friday nights at the pub. Why, Mrs. Hudson had even stopped by a couple of times on the way to her weekly euchre tournament and, if John remembered correctly, had complained bitterly (after three large appletinis) about how Eustace McGinty insisted that there be no re-deal for a Farmer’s Hand. Whoever was available showed up, had a pint or two, and John usually left feeling warm and happy, the support of his friends carrying him through another week.
John shuddered as he came back to himself, trying to push his musings into the deeper recesses of his mind as he pushed the bed coverings down and onto the floor, body now overheated as the radiator filled the small room with an almost cloying warmth.
“Are you going to hit me now, Dr. Watson?” Mycroft inquired archly as he gestured toward John’s clenched fists. “If you elect to do so, I assure you I will fight back, unlike Sherlock,” Mycroft replied coolly.
“Still,” John whispered, “I’m not sure I could have done that.”
“Cabinet, third shelf up,” John said as he gestured to the cabinet by the sink.
In for a penny, in for a pound he thought a little hysterically. Eyes fixed firmly on Sherlock, he licked dry lips and began working the very realistic dildo slowly in and out of his arse.
Prologue
“However we want it to,” John replied. “We’ll start working it out in the morning, right after you go to Tesco’s and get us new ice trays,” John said quietly, but Sherlock was already asleep, dreaming the dreams of the innocent and the mad…and the loved.
2) The *Kelvin Scale created by William Thomson, also known as Baron Kelvin, is an absolute thermodynamic temperature scale using as its null point absolute zero (−273.15° on the Celsius temperature scale aka -459.67° on the Fahrenheit scale ), the temperature at which all thermal motion ceases in the classical description of thermodynamics, i.e. motion at an atomic level ceases. The Kelvin Scale was invented to do away with the need for negative numbers in scientific calculations. Thus the reference to negative 100 degrees on the Kelvin scale in chapter 1 is a scientific impossibility and used solely as a metaphor for an absolutely impossible situation. As a doctor, John would have taken enough chemistry classes to know this and find his analogy amusing in a dorky way.
“You wish to…cuddle?” Sherlock asked with a suspiciously raised eyebrow.
“I would give you virtually anything you asked for: my money, my honor—such that it is--my help…, and I would do that confidently and without a second thought because I know you would never take advantage of me. I would…I did…am trying…to give up all illegal drugs for you—you and Rosie,” Sherlock trailed off as he studied John. “I care for you John…more than my words can express. I desire you. I had envisioned spending my life with you. Tell me what you want, and if it’s in my power to give it, I swear you’ll have it.”
Sherlock scrolled through several frames. “Here. With his second victim, 1981. I think he didn’t grip his razor blade tightly enough, and it slipped. There is mention in the report of blood that doesn’t match the victim’s. I suspect he switched to a scalpel thereafter. And here with the third victim, also 1981. There were a few skin cells found under the victim’s nails that weren’t her own.”
“I know that now, but it doesn’t change the fact that if he’d just told me…”
“Yes.” Again Sherlock’s answer was direct and to the point.
“Why didn’t any of this turn up before? I had Lestrade pull your medical records before I ever approached Harry about getting her legal counsel and trying to work out a plea deal for aggravated assault and rehabilitation,” Sherlock demanded.
At first John thought it was agreement, and he was already mentally well into seasoning and stuffing the turkey when it occurred to him that Sherlock hadn’t moved. Not agreement then.
John hesitated. “Clara, if there is anything I can do…” John began quietly.
“Good to know,” John said as he pushed himself away from the table. “My shift at the clinic doesn’t start ‘til one. I’m gonna’ try to get a few hours of sleep before then. You coming?” John asked, barely suppressing another yawn.
“C’mere,” John offered as he sat up and lifted a corner of the afghan. Sherlock wasted no time in settling himself against John’s warmth and tucking the afghan around himself. John shivered.
“He’s what?” John replied snidely…”Smarter than you?”
The line crackled briefly and there were distant shouts in the background.
“Okay,” John said indulgently as if that statement was an answer to anything. “Why is 2009 so important?”
Most weeks, unless Sherlock had a case of at least a level 7, John guilted the consulting detective into accompanying him. He knew that Sherlock would almost certainly rather be doing something …
“Well, that explains a lot. The heroin, I mean.”
As the assistant medical director in charge of supplies at one of the three London clinics that catered to veterans, no one would question the delivery. On most days, John loved his new job. He had only been here four months, but he was already settled in. He admired his colleagues and their support staff, respected his patients, and had built a solid rapport with both. He was doing important and fulfilling work. His position allowed him to both see patients as well as oversee general patient care. He had ostensibly gotten the job on his own, but he still had niggling suspicions that Mycroft had had a hand in getting John this job, one that provided him with a higher income and very flexible working hours. Both were important to insure he could meet the needs of his daughter, Rosie, who he was raising alone since Mary’s death, and Sherlock, who, on any given day, John was also, ostensibly, raising single-handedly.
Despite the deep breaths, Sherlock was panting again; he jerked the t-shirt roughly over his head, leaving his curls in an even wilder disarray than usual. Fumbling with the drawstring on his pajamas, he finally succeeded in untying the simple bow and pushed impatiently at the garment. On any other day, they would have slid easily from Sherlock’s slim hips…not today. Today they were caught on the other man’s very solid erection.
John looked confused for a moment but settled gently into his chair and began to sift quickly through the documents.
The second website was for a halfway house in Cardiff. The residents were required to get jobs in the community to help pay restitution to their victims. They were drug tested daily and received two to four hours of intensive counseling daily; group therapy was held three times per week. They had a strict zero tolerance policy; any resident who tested positive was returned to the criminal justice system to serve out his/her criminal sentence.
“Oh, look at that one,” she gushed, pointing to an engagement ring, one with a small diamond bezel set into a moderately thick platinum band. Because of her profession, and the need to frequently wear latex gloves, she had resigned herself to a simple style of ring with no raised stones to catch, but that didn’t curb her enthusiasm one bit.
John clutched his nearly cold mug of tea tightly before blurting, “Mycroft came to see me on Sunday.” He looked at Sherlock equal parts dread and some weird sort of anticipation coiling through his abdomen.
John goggled unbelieving at the bank balance of William Sherlock Scott Holmes, his jaw working but no sounds emerging. Sherlock was a millionaire many, many times over. John looked up at his friend…lover…and then back to the screen. And again. And again, feeling as if he were watching a strange tableau of a financial tennis match.
“Lestrade was right, wasn’t he? I shouldn’t have left you here alone.”
John paused in the act of buttering a slice of toast. Which brain was thinking? Was it The Hard Drive, which meant he could be in imminent need of Lestrade to come fish them out of the Thames following the successful apprehension of a serial arsonist near the dock? Or was it Big Brain, in which case he may have concluded that John’s bisexuality meant that they needed to engage in a ménage-a-trois this weekend?
“She can try,” Sherlock said on a soft laugh. “I assure you I am far better at manipulation than your sister ever aspired to be. Not only that, but to ‘bleed me dry’ as you phrased it, she would not only have to dupe me but Mycroft as well.”
John stared helplessly at his best friend, the man he loved. Sherlock’s brilliant mind was literally trying to rip itself apart. Only Sherlock.
Sherlock allowed John his need to restore a semblance of order but felt strangely bereft without John’s warm weight in his arms.
Sherlock let out an incoherent, soft “mmmmm” sound that sounded suspiciously like a whine. Sherlock was clearly unable to articulate any particulars at this moment.
Sherlock had begged off. Well, that was putting it politely. Sherlock, still wearing his pajamas, had grunted at him, annoyed, and motioned John to the door. There had been another murder. Despite the fact that the victim’s face hadn’t been removed, Sherlock was certain it was connected to the other murders.
John’s eyes flashed fire, and as he opened his mouth to defend his himself, Mycroft held up his hand saying, “Please allow me to finish. Then you may say whatever you like. I will explain myself, but know this first; if you strike my brother again, there will be consequences, serious consequences, and believe me when I tell you that they will be most unpleasant.”
She looked out the window and made her wish on the first star she saw.
“Huh?” John managed at last.
John looked at her helplessly.
“Who’s up for Indian and crap telly tonight?” he asked diverting everyone’s attention to the paper menu he pulled out of the kitchen drawer.
John felt a hot flood of rage that Mycroft knew about the drunken abuse in his family. It was quickly replaced by despair as he realized that the other man was right. He could have very easily done serious harm to Sherlock the last time he had completely lost it, and without addressing the root cause of his anger issues, it could happen again. He didn’t like to think it could, but above all, he was a practical man and acknowledged truth when he saw it. The violence he was capable of, that he felt clawing away in his guts in the long dark of night, it frightened him as nothing else did, not even war.
She paused to find a tissue in her purse and wipe her eyes. “I finally couldn’t take it anymore. After she fractured my wrist and cracked two ribs, I was done. I left and made sure she didn’t know where I was living. I reported the stalking behavior, and my employer was able to confirm it, as she had seen Harry waiting outside and harassing me before and after work. That was enough to get a restraining order. I didn’t want her to go to prison, John. God help me, I still loved her.”
The older woman had nodded sharply, bundled Rosie up and taken her to the crèche, stating that she would absent herself for the day. John suspected that she was going to Bart’s to see Harry but lacked the energy, or perhaps it was the motivation, to ask.
“I …,” John began only to be ruthlessly cut off.
“What’s that?” John asked curiously as visions of a gambling den floated in his mind. Bet Sherlock was amazing at poker or baccarat…
John nodded. He still hadn’t forgiven Mycroft for the way he had poked around in John’s head that day at the zoo. But in all fairness, he had asked for it, so the threat was an idle one at best, an expression of irritation at his own lack of self-awareness at worst.
She offered a soft smile, picked up her papers and climbed carefully down the stairs. John hailed a cab for her and watched as it rounded the corner and disappeared before climbing the steps back to his flat, slower this time, shaking his head mutely when Mrs. Hudson tried to coax him in for a cuppa.
“I guess I was wondering why things went so badly when I told you, if you knew it was coming, I mean.”
“Wha..?” John murmured around a bite of shepherd’s pie.
A soft litany of “fuck me...more, more, harder” fell in a choked demand from his bitten lips as his body learned the hard, steady, absolutely relentless rhythm Sherlock had established, and he matched it--pushed back into it…his good, right arm reaching back to wrap around the rigid muscle at the back of Sherlock’s thigh as his weight fell completely on his curled left forearm and a hopelessly damp, wrinkled pillow. His fingers tightened against Sherlock’s taut hamstring and tried to pull the slick flesh tighter against him.
John nodded thoughtfully. He shouldn’t have been nearly this stunned. Sherlock never did anything by halves. “Jesus,” he murmured again. “I’m assuming these weren’t all mutual hand jobs in a back alley somewhere,” John murmured. When Sherlock said nothing, John fixed him with a hard stare.
He had been into prostate play since med school, and while he was experienced enough that he could probably relax enough to enjoy playing with something of that size, the smaller toys massaged his prostate just fine, and he didn’t see any pressing need to make himself sore just to feel that full. Although… he did have to admit to moments of curiosity. What would it be like to be completely filled inside while also being stimulated? Lots of men swore by the bigger toys, and there were certainly a fair number of large toys designed solely for prostate play. Given that, there was, probably—logically—a very good reason for it. And, if he were being completely honest, and no reason not to be in his own head, he was intensely curious about trying it sometime…
“Out,” Sherlock replied succinctly.
“Oh,” John said softly, chagrined, before turning and leaving the other man’s office to the quiet chuckles of the elder Holmes brother.
He glanced at the blinking cursor on his open laptop. He quickly closed out of Zachary Prince’s medical record and opened the browser. It couldn’t hurt to look, right? An hour later, he had found what he sought on the website of a custom jewelry company in Dublin, Ireland and bookmarked the page. He stared at the magnified picture of the perfect ring; it was a simple, flat band done in platinum, 7mm wide with an 18k yellow gold Claddagh etched into sharp relief running through the center of the band. The heart could be flush set in the quarter carat stone of the purchaser’s choice, or if no stone was desired, platinum or gold. And the purchaser also had the option of having the tiny crown set with micropavé diamonds. It was the ultimate representation of himself and Sherlock: partners, friends, and lovers.
“Stop! I know you wanna thrust hard—Don’t. Just like removing the dildo,” John said softly, “except in reverse; push a tiny bit more in than you pull back. And for God’s sake, keep drizzling lube on your cock as you go.”
“How…?” he stuttered at last. “How…is this possible?” he ended on a soft, confused whisper.
“Did she?”
“Alright, I’m following so far. But, if you weren’t going to get high, and I’m not saying I don’t believe you, where were you going?”
It was perhaps the fourth or fifth Friday they had all met at the Red Lion that an offhand, slightly slurred remark by DI Greg Lestrade changed the course of John Watson’s life forever. John had never known Greg to imbibe more than he could handle, but that morning had seen the arrival of Lestrade’s final divorce papers. And, despite the fact that Lestrade’s now ex-wife was a ball busting bitch, at least in John’s humble estimation, the DI was taking the divorce harder than anyone had anticipated. As Greg raised his fifth shot and chased it quickly with half of his second pint, he bitterly remarked something to the effect that if you didn’t meet 100% of your partner’s needs, it was inevitable that she’d leave you eventually. No one, not even Sherlock—at least he denied it vehemently -- remembered precisely what Greg had mumbled that night. But, whatever it was, it set off a chain of events that got Big Brain thinking, which was never, ever, anywhere in the realm of good.
Apparently John’s patient, dubiously nicknamed
Molly put on a brave face, but John could sense that a long held dream had just died for her. A few minutes later, John had one of his rare but inspired ideas; he excused himself from his conversation with Mrs. Hudson and went in search of Molly. He introduced Molly to Mycroft; knowing that they both had a particular interest in Renaissance literature, John nudged the conversation in that direction and then left them to their own devices.
He then returned his phone to his pocket. Ten minutes later as John was describing a spectacular pub crawl he and a few of his mates had made just before their last deployment, John’s phone rang. Noticing that it was Sherlock, he sent it to voice mail. Two other calls from Sherlock were summarily dismissed and sent immediately to voice mail. When John’s phone rang again, Caitlyn’s soft and slightly amused “Maybe you ought to get that,” actually made John look at the phone. He was surprised to discover it was Gregory Lestrade. John offered a tentative, somewhat uncomfortable smile to his date before swiping to answer.
“I just mean that I made it all about me….how fast, how hard, everything was about what I wanted. No foreplay for you…nothing. I feel a bit like I used you even though I’m not sure how else it could have gone—for safety’s sake, mind you…unless we’d done something else, something not involving penetration.”
* * * * * * * * *
“Look, Sherlock, regardless of what Mycroft says, I can’t do this with you. If you don’t love me, I can’t stay here. It hurts too much. I deserve to be loved back. I had that with Mary, and I’m not willing to settle for less, even if it means being alone. Whatever it is you think we are…fuck buddies or friends with benefits…it’s just not enough. It’ll never be enough.”
How utterly odd, John thought as he swung his legs over the side of the bed, sat up, and turned on the bedside lamp. It was true that Sherlock didn’t sleep much, and it was perfectly within the realm of possibility that he was getting up for the day. But, the fact remained that Sherlock normally threw on an old dressing gown or slouched around in his pajamas until he had to get dressed. Hell, this was the man who wore a sheet to Buckingham Palace.
Was he really ready to replace that ring with another? When the immediate and resounding answer his heart supplied was not a definite “NO” but a tentative “Maybe Soon,” he sighed again. That response should have terrified him for more reasons than one; it did not. There was a time when his colleagues even suspecting that he was seeing another man—romantically—would have terrified him to the point of emotionally crippling him. Now, it made him blush…stammer a little and look down at the floor. In short, it made him act like a fifteen year old with a crush; he thought that was infinitely better than the sense of deep, homophobic shame he had felt just three months ago. He made a mental note to report this as progress to Dr. Wallace.
“What happened, John?” Mycroft asked at last.
If anyone understood helplessness induced madness, it was Sherlock.
“And what if I were...?” John countered tightly.
John took a deep breath and swirled the tea in his cup, watching it lap along the edges. “Harry blew hers in less than two months. I’ve no idea where it went. She contacted me then asking for more. I refused. I knew what she’d do with it, you see. Then it was her landlord contacting me threatening to evict her. I paid her rent. And then she started getting into pub fights and other trouble. She needed money for a solicitor, money for rehab to keep from going to prison… And, God help me, idiot that I am, I paid and paid and paid until it was gone. All of the money my parents left me, all of the money I had managed to save while I was in the military, all of it gone to pay for Harry’s dangerous and idiotic life choices. I had had a plan, you see. Twenty years. I was going to spend twenty years in the military and then retire to a small village in Scotland, maybe, and open my own practice, help people who otherwise wouldn’t have immediate access to medical care. Sort of like what you planned, actually, but without the bees.” John smiled nostalgically, and Sherlock smiled too, reaching across the table to grasp John’s hand tightly.
Sherlock ignored the doctor’s remonstrations and tried to figure out what polite social convention dictated in circumstances like these. This was more Mycroft’s area than his, and he immediately regretted not asking for a few hints before The British Government sauntered off for parts unknown… probably toppling some third world dictator or other, Sherlock thought snidely.
The black stitches crisscrossing her pale features made her look like Frankenstein’s monster. Part of her head had been shaved so the surgeons could stitch two of the deeper cuts that went past her hairline and into her scalp. Her right arm from just below the elbow down was heavily bandaged and had required extensive surgery to repair severed tendons and the lacerated arteries.
“Do you want to fuck me?” John panted out on a soft moan.
“What are they doing?” Lestrade hissed to John.
Things like this made John hesitant. He still hadn’t told Sherlock he loved him. This was part of the reason why.
John pushed again, and the thick head stroked firmly across his prostate. His breathing had devolved into nothing more than raspy panting, moans becoming louder as the tempo began to increase. John tried to keep it slow, to prolong this first time, but he was damn near desperate for it at this point. The muscles in his thighs were quivering wildly as he steadily humped the cock inside him, working it faster…
Sherlock shrugged. “I’m an addict, John. You know this. I understand your anger and frustration, but if Mycroft had washed his hands of me, I’d very likely be dead now.”
“Alright. May I ask what you do feel for me then?”
Sherlock grunted an acknowledgement of sorts and kept thrusting as John’s world dissolved. He howled like a rabid animal as his reality went white, dissolving into tidal waves of pleasure that slammed into his helpless body again and again. The pleasure went on and on and on… John was vaguely aware of his body tightening, milking the massive cock buried balls deep in his arse.
Nora moved into John’s room the following weekend with two small trunks containing her clothing and toiletries, a French bulldog named Peppy, who was anything but, and an assortment of dog paraphernalia.
Leaning against the closed door of his own room, Sherlock chuckled softly to himself as he began stripping off for bed. He would have to remember to thank Mycroft later, not that his elder brother had the slightest inkling, yet, that Sherlock had manipulated him into confronting John. Mycroft had paved the way nicely, exactly as Sherlock had intended. That had gone much better than he could have anticipated, accelerating his timetable by at least five weeks.
“I’m sorry, John,” Clara whispered.
“Look at the knots, John,” he said excitedly, pointing to close ups of the bindings around the victim’s hands and feet. “They’re double constrictor knots with a slipped bight. That’s incredibly rare. They’re difficult to tie but very strong. They continue to tighten; the more the victim struggles, the tighter they become. And they’re all tied approximately eight degrees widdershins of true center. It’s our killer’s calling card.”
“I imagine,” Mycroft continued, smoothly breaking into John’s disturbing reverie, “that any young man having endured what you did in the wake of that travesty would deeply suppress any and all bisexual leanings. But, as I said before, the way you look at my brother cannot be concealed. The times you become angry, angry enough to hurt Sherlock, are the times when your feelings are so near the surface that they are about to break free, times when your first instinct is to run to him, to kiss him, to love and comfort him—when he has miraculously returned from death or when he is wounded, broken and hurting. These are the times when your conditioning re-asserts itself, when you strike out viciously against that which you desire most, when you attempt to push it away, to hurt it, to eradicate its hold on your heart.”
John liked Amanda, but her certainty that her boyfriend was going to propose on Christmas was beginning to wear thin, and the closer Christmas drew, the more unintentionally obnoxious she became about the whole thing. Going out to lunch with her was becoming increasingly similar to oral surgery without anaesthesia.
And in the back of his brain was a tiny voice, no more than a whisper, that wondered what would happen if he accepted. There was no denying that a part of him was flattered. Flattered and just a little bit curious. Anyone who had ever met Sherlock was astounded by the man’s single-minded focus and intensity. What would it be like to have that focus directed wholly upon one John Watson, to be the sole recipient of Sherlock’s undivided attention and intent to please? John shivered at the thought, and he mentally shook himself, hard. He couldn’t allow these thoughts. Sherlock could read him like an open book, always could. If he had any hope of concealing these traitorous thoughts from the human bloodhound, he had to get control of them right the fuck now.
John was moved almost beyond words. “Thank you,” he whispered at last. “To know how hard you’re trying to stay clean…”
“Anyway, as I was saying, the damage you do when you use is to yourself. To my knowledge, you’ve never, ever, raised a hand to anyone when you’re high, not even to defend yourself. Harry almost killed someone last night, someone she supposedly loves—and that wasn’t the first time. I know what that feels like; if you recall, I almost killed you, Sherlock. I don’t think you’ll ever know how that knowledge destroys a piece of my soul. But, I got help, finally, and I’m facing my demons. Harry is going to have to do the same before she kills someone. And if it takes forcing her to do it by no longer enabling her, then that’s what I’m going to do.”
“Sherlock,” John said as he remembered his manners, “this is Clara Burton, Harry’s ex-spouse. Clara, this is Sherlock Holmes, my … partner,” John gurgled helplessly a note of surprise in his voice, and he wondered that in all of these weeks he’d never thought to try to label what he and Sherlock were to each other now.
“And I’m telling you that I didn’t label my profile “Endlessly Horny and Desperate,” John seethed. “What sane man would put up a profile like that?” he asked in a low hiss.
***********
John swallowed and finally asked the question he had been leading up to. “So, does that mean you have experience with men?” he asked softly.
Step 3: Develop the Hypothesis
“His royal nibs is in quite the temper. Christ, if I didn’t need him on this so badly, I’d have one of the lads duct tape him up and drive him home. If one of the forensic techs doesn’t kill him, Donovan will. Please, John, calm him the fuck down before all hell breaks loose.”
Sherlock’s mobile pinged just as he was adding the reagent to some desiccated epithelial cells on his slide. He gusted a sigh, took one last, longing look at his microscope, and began to search for the blasted device. It wasn’t often that Nora was gone long enough for him to co-opt the kitchen for one of his experiments, but whenever she was, he liked to take full advantage of it.
“Both,” John said airily as he tugged his still slightly damp jumper over his head.
you. I will never lose my logical, rational mind to that extent. I will never tolerate being treated like yesterday’s rubbish or feign ignorance of betrayals and outright lies, nor will I ever treat you in that manner,” Sherlock finished tightly.
Sherlock seemed to consider for a moment, studying John’s face intently. “Your terms are acceptable. Are you truly ready for this? I need ….”
His entire body was flushed with pleasure, legs spread wide, knees bent, feet flat on the bed as his abdominal and thigh muscles flexed, pushing against the delicious cock that was piercing him to his core…and it was about to get so much better.
“I’m not angry, Sherlock,” John admitted softly. “I’m … I’m jealous,” he said at last. Sherlock’s face screwed up in adorable confusion.
He had the answer now to his idle musings—to be utterly stuffed, filled and fucked felt absolutely fucking brilliant—the fullness lending a facet to the experience John had never considered. It was a deeper pleasure, more fulfilling, more intense, more all-encompassing than anything he had ever felt before. It was absolutely awe-inspiring amazing! There were no words.
“I can only imagine he wants something. My guess is Scotland Yard will need the additional resources available to me to apprehend the killer.”
“Yeah, … I began to suspect a couple of days after you uhmmm… fingered my arse that first time. I figured you must have gotten the idea that I was open to it from my private blog. Either that or you read me way too well. I was never quite certain of that one until you admitted it just now. I know you can pretty much beat any password or security I install on my laptop, so I always knew you could do it; I was just never sure if you would do it.”
“Sapphire,” he murmured softly…”honesty, loyalty and trust.”
“I was already a patient, so I bypassed the visitor’s desk. I simply rolled my wheelchair down to Harry’s room once she was transferred from the surgical ICU to a private room. John told me which room was assigned to her, and I went to see her. I…,” she said with a slight stammer. “I just wanted to see that she was alright. She looked terrible, but she acted like she was glad to see me. She told me about the heroin and said she was sorry and about how Mr. Holmes was trying to get her a deal for minimal prison time and rehabilitation.”
But the Sherlock in his fantasy didn’t care about a little bit of extra padding. He teased John’s belly button with a wet tongue and hot kisses, before giving a single, wet lick along John’s stiff cock, swirling his tongue through the leaking pre-cum across the head before pulling away with a last teasing flick of his tongue.
John stared at his computer screen. He was exhausted. He should be soundly sleeping as Rosie was in her Moses Basket. He looked at her sadly and then back to the flashing cursor next to his meager bank balance. He couldn’t keep taking advantage of his friends as he had been. Rosie was not quite a year old yet, but she would need her own room and a larger bed very soon.
Step 2: Background Research
how does this work?” Sherlock asked, fighting back a yawn.
“I did. But, I am very familiar with the demons of heroin, John, the paranoia and the occasional hallucinations. It’s not like it’s regulated by the Crown. You never know what it’s cut with and how bad the side effects are going to be. Some dealers cut it with rat poison and some even add LSD making the hallucinations so much worse. Moreover, I am simply not convinced that your sister intended to kill Clara Burton; what little you've told me of Harry's previous legal woes as well as her criminal record seems to bear that out.”
He licked his fingers, getting them nice and wet before using them to tease his nipples, working them in circles, pinching them in a vain effort to simulate a hot, sucking mouth and sharp nibbling teeth.
The taller man nodded, exited swiftly and let the door swing shut. A moment later a nurse bustled into the room and injected a sedative into Clara’s IV. Within a minute, Clara was asleep and John lowered her gently onto the cervical pillow that prevented pressure from being applied to the occipital region of the injured woman’s head.
His instructor, who had watched the entire debacle through a small one-way mirror over the sink had praised John’s quick thinking and given him high marks for the exam and preventing harm to his “patient.”
It had taken John and Nora nearly an hour to talk Sherlock out of his nighttime reconnaissance mission to the DI’s home, and John silently cursed the fact that Sherlock hadn’t had an interesting case in nearly two weeks. Nora and Rosie had long since retired, exhausted after a long day of Christmas preparations, and John suspected Sherlock’s slowly improving mood was because the promise of the wine and food was starting to look appealing since Sherlock hadn’t eaten since that morning, if you could call a half of a piece of dry toast food.
Sherlock snorted. “What does a one year old know about anything?” he bemoaned.
Sherlock snorted again, this time with laughter as he took his jam and toast into the living room.
He only paused for a moment as he passed by John’s chair. John looked up enquiringly and was startled when Sherlock bent over and pressed a soft, chaste kiss to his forehead just below his hairline as he stroked John’s left cheek gently. He gave a startled John a soft, tired smile before proceeding to his room and shutting the door quietly behind him.
He would never trust Sherlock to buy milk, remember to pay the light bill, or think about the rent before turning down a lucrative case…but…conversely there was no one he trusted more. Sherlock would kill for him, die for him….hell, he had already drawn up the papers; if anything ever happened to John, Rosie would be raised by Sherlock.
“Gentlemen and Lady,” Sherlock said with a nod toward Donovan, “We are dealing with one of the most prolific serial killers Britain has ever seen.” Sherlock paused for a moment and poured himself some water from the pitcher on the table.
“Your earlier sentiment. Although you never formally asked the question, if you still desire to marry me, the answer is yes.”
“I assure you that I am neither joking nor mistaken. Sherlock has determined that you desire a sexual relationship, that to that end you are about to resume dating, and that such a course of action will be detrimental to the current domesticity,” Mycroft’s lip curled slightly in derision before he proceeded, “he now enjoys with you and the child. He has, therefore, concluded that in the interests of maintaining the status quo, it is imperative that he offer you sex. His deductions are impeccable, and his conclusions are logically sound. He lacks the ability to factor in the emotional aversion you are likely to mount to this suggestion, but I cannot divert him from this course of action, much as I have tried.”
John took a drink of the now lukewarm tea before continuing. “I was the sole beneficiary of my parents’ estate, did you know that?” he asked tiredly, voice cracking. “They had disowned Harry years before because she was gay. I set up bank accounts for both of us, and I gave her half. It wasn’t a large inheritance, but it wasn’t that meager either. Despite his numerous failings, my father was a functional alcoholic with a strong work ethic. He went to work every day at the factory for forty-two years; he and my mother managed to save a nest egg of around seventy thousand quid.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“For God’s sake, Watson. I’m not a serial rapist; your virtue is quite safe. I swear I won’t lay so much as a fingertip on you.”
“I know. Mycroft sort of told me. I’m a grown man, Sherlock; I went into this with my eyes wide open. I’m not so easily duped as you think.”
“Two what?” John asked, his mind reeling.
Sherlock shrugged. “I am somewhat conversant with modern slang expressions. That one seemed apropos to shake you out of your maudlin dive into pointless self-recriminations. I did not expect that reaction, however.”
Mycroft Holmes simply hated calling in favors. He preferred to bank them, let them accrue interest for a while, and then let them sit growing ever larger until they were an enormous, unpayable debt so that when he finally had to use one the interest was still sitting quietly in the bank—another favor to be called in at a later date.
Mycroft raised his arm and gestured, and the two agents behind him caught up to them, pushing the pram in front of them. John was relieved to see Rosie, happy and content, awake but not yet demanding her bottle. Baby delivered, the agents dissolved quickly back into the cover of the trees as if they had never existed.
John, always glad to see family come to visit, found himself grateful to see them go as well. He collapsed on the sofa next to Sherlock, surveyed the mess and announced they would clean it up tomorrow.
to mention the completely demented Eurus, … their chances of acquiring a biological grandchild were probably somewhere very close to negative 100 on the *Kelvin scale.
He passed Rosie back to Sherlock as the two regarded one another intently. John chanced a glance at Sherlock and noticed the detective was blinking hard. John grinned.
“You thought it meant what? I thought I was making it quite clear that I found her inane chatter tiresome and boring. Whatever led you to presume that I hadn’t had sexual relations with her?”
“Love…caring is not an advantage,” Sherlock replied coldly.
Except to use the loo, he had no intentions of leaving his private sanctum until at least noon on Saturday. It was time to get started.
“Sherlock! No, no I wouldn’t.”
“What about it?” Mycroft hedged.
“John?” Sherlock asked, clearly confused.
Sherlock gave a slight smile. “Good guess but no. Do you recall once calling me a machine?”
Sherlock pinned him with a steely blue green gaze, eyes going soft the longer he looked at John, thumb nervously beginning to massage John’s finger.
A hat trick is a term used in ice hockey to refer to a player who scores three goals in the course of one game.
He had everything he never knew he wanted, but now that he had it, he was determined to keep it.
your sister and, therefore, failed to report physical abuse and intimidation, even going so far as to lie for her and cover up the abuse for years…
Sherlock waved his hand negligently. “Water under the bridge. Anyway, in that same vein, potential lovers are entitled to a full disclosure of the other’s sexual history, so you needn’t feel embarrassed to ask me anything. It’s your right to know. John, if you fidget much more, the friction is going to set that chair on fire. Just ask what you want to know.”
“Maybe she’d be dead,” Sherlock interjected harshly. “Maybe she would be in prison for actual murder. Maybe she’d be married with the requisite 1.8 children. Maybe winged blue monkeys will fly out of my arse later,” Sherlock said in a rough voice, as he roughly shook John’s wrists again.
Sherlock then pulled a chain of six condoms out of the breast pocket of his suit coat, the packaging crinkling slightly as he shifted them.
Mycroft smiled his dangerous shark smile. “Just looking out for the welfare of my little brother,” he said smugly.
John watched as Mycroft exited the surgery ward.
“You’re sure?” Sherlock asked once more. At John’s nod, he stood and pulled off his coat dropping it carelessly in front of the door. John swallowed hard, opened his arms and nervously reached out for Sherlock.
Sherlock gave a reassuring squeeze. “What happens now?
John hit speed dial and called in his order to Speedy’s, a loaded pastrami with oil and vinegar dressing and a bag of salt and vinegar crisps. He was going all out tonight, cholesterol levels be damned. His gourmet sandwich would be paired with a nice pilsner microbrew and an uninterrupted DVD of Casino Royale; he would almost miss Sherlock’s snide remarks and scoffing as the genius derided the physics, the logic—or lack thereof—of the plot, and the inane dialogue. The key word there, of course, was
One very hot shower later, he shaved and dressed, heading downstairs following the scent of cinnamon and fresh coffee. For the umpteenth time in his life, he thanked whatever deities were listening that he had joined the army. If the military had taught him anything, it was to sleep like a rock whenever the opportunity presented itself and to eat whatever was available without complaint. Those abilities had served him well in his life, and he had no doubt they would continue to be a blessing especially in the weeks to come.
He continued to watch the lights recede into the distance as they left downtown and headed into one of the residential districts.
“What did this mean…,” John began, but paused halfway through the question as that niggling thing that had been trying to penetrate his brain all night finally clicked into place. “Oh my God. You were a virgin,” John gasped in shock.
“Perhaps next time it can be all about me,” Sherlock murmured tiredly, jet lag catching up with him at last, as his hand stroked idly through the thick mat of John’s still mostly blond chest hair.
Rosie screamed in delight and shouted “Erwokk.”
“Yeah, I do,” John said with a smile. “C’mon…it’s nice, and…well…think of it as additional data to analyze later,” John cajoled softly.
“How are things with Sherlock?” Mycroft inquired, subtly shifting the topic of conversation.
“Suit yourself,” John grunted as he pulled on his coat. “I’m off. For what it’s worth, I wish I were a little more clever and that I could be of more help to you, like Mary—god, I still miss her,” he said, finishing the last on a soft whisper. “Nite, Sherlock,” John said, closing the door behind him.
John stiffened instantly.
“Ahhh, yes,” Sherlock interrupted. “An aberration. That was different. Quite frankly, I hate to fly, and I needed to do something to take me out of my reality. It was an experiment. I took a cocktail of drugs I specifically designed to create a state of lucid dreaming. I had just had a re-boot recently, to get Magnussen’s attention if you’ll recall. I just needed a temporary distraction for the duration of the flight itself.”
He had had to call one in prematurely this morning, and it rankled. He had gotten Sherlock assigned to a case that NSY had initially thought was a murder/suicide but on closer inspection had proven to be a locked room murder/murder. Inspector Dimmock, who had worked with Sherlock once before and resented his arrogant high-handed methods—despite his success, still believed NSY could solve the case themselves, but had grudgingly relented when Mycroft pointed out that time was of the essence and that every moment the case went unsolved another flight was leaving out of Heathrow with a potential murderer escaping scot free.
“So, why didn’t you stick with sex? I mean, God, Sherlock, why would someone as intelligent as you risk an overdose, addiction, disease….?” John broke off at a complete loss.
The old saying ‘children can be cruel’ was inherently wrong. In John’s understanding, children could be downright vicious. He remembered well the aftermath of Harry’s homosexuality becoming common knowledge at school. He had had more fistfights that year than he had had in his entire career in the military, including basic training.
Rosie awoke with a shriek, and John began to rock the pram none too gently as he drew breath for another go around with Mycroft Holmes. Before he could, Mycroft raised his hand and two agents dressed in jeans and jumpers appeared as if by magic from the cover of the nearby trees. Had John not known what they were, he would have simply assumed them to be what they appeared to be: a young couple out for a romantic afternoon. Mycroft gestured toward Rosie, and the female agent scooped her up and began rocking and shushing her expertly.
“Well, let’s see. There’s you and me and Rosie, and Nora of course. All of her kids live in either Canada or Australia, and she hates to fly around the holidays. Can’t say I blame her, really. Uhmmmm…. Mycroft and your parents…Molly, Lestrade, Lestrade’s kids Eileen and Jennifer, Mrs. Hudson….and Clara. How many is that?”
John pondered this for a moment as he felt the car glide to a smooth stop.
“Jesus, Sherlock! What were you doing, trying to work your way through an entire college campus?”
“Okay,” John said on a long breath, “back to…” he said gesturing toward the computer. “Before I agree, I need to know why you want to do this, and we need to agree on some sort of repayment plan.”
He was sure he’d left his phone on the sofa. He considered ignoring it, but it could be Lestrade, and he was in desperate need of a new case. It pinged again, allowing him to finally pinpoint its location under the edge of the lamp table.
Sherlock chuckled. “He has our names on an automatic alert, along with immediate family members. He’s set it up so that the case gets flagged and sent to him immediately.”
What the hell? After all, Sherlock would never know.
“So, you think tainted heroin may have been responsible for bringing on some sort of drug induced psychosis?”
“Gonna come,” John warned in a soft, slurred drawl. “Fuck me through it. Don’t stop til you hafta…”
He wasn’t quite certain when or how Anthea was getting back to England. Privately, he was amazed that Mycroft had managed to do without her for this long; John had secret suspicions that she was a lot more than Mycroft’s personal assistant and Gal Friday. Hell, Mycroft had probably already ordered *The English Electric Lightning back into service to fly her absolutely lethal but cute little arse back to London post haste.
“So what did a few places entail?” he asked.
“2009,” Sherlock answered not bothering to lift his eyes from the computer.
Sherlock smirked. The sting of a minor burn was nothing compared to John’s growing awareness of his flat mate as a sexual being. It was a minor matter to raise his elbow slightly and turn to the left as John shifted the tea mug toward the table. It was a shame that the delectable strawberry lip balm Sherlock had rubbed on his nipples hadn’t been just a tad more enticing to John’s mouth. But, still, this was progress. Phase 2 was well underway.
Clara chewed her lip while gazing at her hands twisted in her lap. “I didn’t want to use my own medical card, so a friend let me use hers. I went to a clinic where they’re always overworked and don’t check very thoroughly … when I went for medical treatment, that is. Most of the time, I just hid it until it healed.”
“Is it Sherlock?” John demanded. “Is he alright?” John asked as he signaled wildly for the check while throwing several crumpled ten pound notes on the table.
“Oh God, not again. I’ve got to go. Jesus, I don’t know what he said to her, but my crime scene photographer is sobbing and blubbering and utterly useless. Get here as soon as you can,” a harried sounding Lestrade shouted before John heard the distinct click as the phone disconnected.
“I understand your reluctance to assist Harry with her legal matters, and I know that you fear she would be able to manipulate you emotionally as she has done before. That would be detrimental to your psychological well-being and, therefore, could affect Rosie and your patients.” John nodded, wary now. “I, however, have no emotional relationship with her and cannot be manipulated. So, I am proposing that you allow me to see if something can be done to assure that she does not spend what effectively amounts to the rest of her life in prison.”
When John had shrugged and shook his head, Mycroft continued. “It was because Sherlock sent me. He called me…not texted me —called me. He was as close to hysterical as I’ve ever heard him. You left with no coat, no keys, no phone, no wallet, no money and the temperatures dropping to well below zero tonight. When you didn’t come back inside after a few minutes and Sherlock had called everyone in your phone directory, he called me and demanded I use my resources to locate you. He offered me anything I wanted just to find you and make sure you were safe.
John giggled softly. Poor Sherlock--the big head and the little head couldn’t seem to function simultaneously, let alone do something so simple as coordinate the removal of his pants.
“No,” John thundered as he slammed down his teacup, head jerking up sharply as he looked at Sherlock, eyes piercing and nostrils flaring. “Sorry,” he murmured a moment later on a sigh. “I understand that you’re only trying to help, but enough is enough…. No more.”
He knew Sherlock was aware of it; he could read John like an open book on any given day and had proved that the first time they had ever met. Now, with familiarity, John suspected Sherlock knew him better than he knew himself. After the first few times of being caught looking, Sherlock just smirked whenever he caught John ogling him. He’d often raise a curious eyebrow and look expectantly at John as if to ask: Well, are you ready yet? John would flush and look away. Christ, he felt like a fifteen year-old virgin again. John groaned and rolled over. He needed a good wank but wasn’t about to do that in Sherlock’s bed. Besides, he desperately needed to pee, and he couldn’t do that with a hard-on. Sighing loudly, he got up and padded across the hall to the loo.
“For the sake of argument, let’s suppose you’re right. What am I missing? It’s not like Harry doesn’t have a history of drunken violence.”
“I’ll pay for it, John,” Sherlock said, amused. “If the blood test results reveal what I suspect, I’ll hire a solicitor to represent your sister and pay for the best rehabilitation program available.”
The abuse those men suffered often bordered on torture or completely crossed that line and erased it behind them in some instances. John had seen his share.
John flushed a deep red. “I don’t think …” he trailed off helplessly.
“As always, Watson, you see but you do not observe. I take it from your speech that my dear brother has already disabused you of the notion that you’re straight, so we’ll skip that one,” Sherlock said, his voice revealing traces of continued amusement. He consciously wiped the slight smirk from his lips as he continued. “Now, as to my alleged asexuality, you do recall Janine…from the Magnusson case,” Sherlock supplied helpfully. “You burst in here to find me in the bath and Janine wearing nothing but my shirt and a smile. Surely even you, Watson, were able to deduce enough about the preceding events to realize that I am not asexual.”
“Okay, squirt some into me directly and then…”
“You realize that the British legal system is inadequate to set up and enforce such a program?” John said softly, waiting for the shoe to drop.
John’s week went downhill from there.
John shrugged, giving his head a soft shake not seeing whatever Sherlock was saying.
“Mmmmhmmm…and?” John mumbled quietly.
John stopped walking as Mycroft’s words sunk in, his breathing becoming short and harsh, as if he had just been punched low and hard in the gut. Mycroft had been far more blunt about it, but both Sarah and Maya had essentially said the same thing to him. He had laughed it off at the time.
* * * * * * * * *
This left Sherlock with only one question to answer. What would a girlfriend provide John that Sherlock was not currently providing? As soon as Sherlock identified that thing(s) and addressed the problem, John would be happy and stay. So, what did the insipid dolts provide? Companionship? No, Sherlock took John with him on cases; in fact they went nearly everywhere together, except when John had to work at the clinic. Excitement? No, most of them simply wanted a meal out and some ridiculous rom-com at the theater. Boring. When one of them inadvertently got caught up in one of their cases, it was pretty much the death knell of the relationship.
“Volunteering Anderson to be the bait,” John huffed out angrily.
“You have,” John whispered as he thought about another Christmas and a bullet fired into the occipital region of one Charles Augustus Magnussen, blackmailer extraordinaire.
John quirked an eyebrow as he took in the unfocused eyes and flushed cheeks of his lover.
Mary had respected that. She had also done her best to make John’s pleasure a priority. As he gradually became more comfortable sharing this aspect of himself with a partner, the orgasms came easier and more intensely. He found he liked it best on his elbows and knees—Mary’s warm, sweat slick body draped over his back, faux-pinned under her slight weight.
“What’s fucking wrong with me?” he mused silently to himself as Caitlyn excused herself to use the ladies room. Here was the perfect woman and … nothing, no spark. Before Mary, he’d have extracted his own wisdom teeth with a holiday nutcracker to even have a shot with such a woman.
“I know, but I came to the realization that manipulating you, even if it got me what I wanted, it would ultimately hurt you when you found out that I had manipulated and deceived you. Regardless, I failed you.”
She took a deep breath before finally blurting, “Harry killed herself because of me, John.”
Sherlock clenched and unclenched his jaw rhythmically, his eyes closed in deep concentration. He didn’t want to answer; it would be clear to a blind man, and yet John was certain he would answer simply because John had asked. Before his guilt could push him into retracting the question, Sherlock murmured, “you….you and Rosie. My bottom isn’t a place I’ve been; it’s the absolute certainty that you would take Rosie and leave. I know you never want her to see me high, and believe me when I say I understand that. I’ve seen myself high and coming down from a high—a filthy, desperate, rambling lunatic. I never want her to see that either.”
It was with that mindset that he had stumbled to class later that afternoon prepared to palpate cancerous masses and enlarged prostates as he completed his module on male reproductive health. Enter his patient, a nineteen year-old university student with red hair and spots who admitted that the university was paying volunteers £20 each to have their prostates examined by the medical students. John inwardly chuckled a bit as to how his tuition monies were being spent.
“I’m sorry, sir, but our technicians have been unable to find a glitch. They tell me that all changes to your profile are being made from your end, not ours.”
“He told you this?” Mycroft asked, eyes narrowed as he attempted to get to the crucial events of earlier that evening.
John sighed and looked anywhere but in the Tiffany’s display window. Amanda chuckled as she turned from the display.
