After his parents made them a lunch out of the three bass that were caught, with a side of steamed vegetables, they headed into the town nearby. They walked to every store; three bookstores, a comic book store, two secondhand shops, and three clothing stores. Dean was already tired when they went to dinner at a nice French-Italian restaurant.
"It will feel horrible," Claire responded happily. Kaia pecked her on the cheek and she froze.
Jack smiled back at him and mimed zipping his mouth closed. The boy ran inside the building and when he held the door open, he turned slightly and gave his Uncle Donnie a thumbs up before heading in and up to his apartment.
"Hey, I'm getting changed," the elder Winchester brother called over his shoulder. He heard Sam throw the blanket over himself. Quickly, Dean took the rest of his clothes off and threw them onto the pile of dirty clothes next to his backpack and considered the two pairs of trunks he had packed. The one with the shark print was dryer so he slipped them on. "I'm decent," Dean said as he put his robe on.
"Uh... I'm not sure," he replied. He had never thought about it. Starlight Towers was the only place he'd lived.
"Go nuts," Dean told him, stepping a few feet away, Miracle right beside him as always.
Cas draped himself over Dean's back and kissed his neck.
Cas smiled and when they finished their salads, Dean rubbed his hands together excitedly. They started to dig into the main meal, and Dean put a generous amounts of cheese onto his.
Castiel nodded at him. "Hello, Dean."
Castiel laughed, and Dean shivered at the breath that ghosted his neck.
"Uh..." Confused, he looked all around  the mattress, trying to see if there were instructions printed on it.
The boat bobbed in the lake, sun glinting off the water. Dean's fishing pole was motionless in his hands and there was a slight chill in the air. His dad and cousin were on the little boat with him while his mom and brother were sitting by the dock in chairs they brought with them, reading their books.
Not taking his eyes off his son, Cas said quietly, "Dean, slow down. You're going too fast."
"Dean?"
"Okay, okay. You wore me down." He put the coffee and sandwich on a nearby table and took his phone out. "What's your number?"
The park was only six blocks away, so Cas picked up the pace to catch up to his boyfriend. His board ran smooth over the pavement until a filled in pothole nearly knocked him down. He ran a bit to make up for those seconds he lost, and back on his board, he ended up next to Dean.
"This morning. Thanks to you." There was no malice behind that statement; he was actually smiling, and Cas's heart skipped a beat.
"But you did enjoy everything I had planned for today," he sighed and shoved two crackers in his mouth. "Lovely breakfast, horror movie marathon, this nice hotel."
It was Dean, and he was struggling as he held Cas up. Jack blinked, tilted his head to the side.
"Jack," Cas scolded. "That is an inappropriate question."
As soon as the hotel door to the roof shut, Castiel reached across the table towards Kevin.
Cas turned and walked out without  a word.
"Yeah," his husband grinned, "it is."
-Hi,- Miracle greeted, wagging his tail. -I'm Miracle!-
The bright white of the cafeteria made Dean wince when he first walked in. It was a stark difference to the red, blue, and green of the actual park. His eyes still hurt slightly as he slid into the seat and dropped his tray on the table.
Dean would deny it later, but he screeched like a little girl. That's what had Cas, Sam, and Jack jumping up from the kitchen table and running in to Dean and Cas's room.
"That's the sixth time I heard you yawn today. And your eyes look a little bloodshot. You getting enough sleep?"
John swallowed a piece of steak. "It was a blast. Lot cleaner than most parks I've been to."
"Your mom and I will check in the basement," he declared.
"Well, I'm going with you. Wait while I get my boots on."
Gabe stuck the long end in his mouth like a cigar. "Now I don't have to brush my teeth."
"As I'll ever be at the moment."
Gabe could hear Castiel helping Jack pronounce a word in the book. "Yeah. A lot. I'm not really sure what he would've done these past few days if he wasn't here. Probably mope around on the couch."
Dean stared at him. "What?"
"Enjoying to sun?" he asked as he sat down, legs folded.
She nodded and sat next to him. "I hate it, too. I still dream about the last one from seven seasons ago."
After walking a block, Dean stopped.
"Soon, bud. Gotta talk to the doc in his office. Come with?"
Dean shrugged. "Library or bookstore, community pool, hike in the woods, movies, Great Wolf Lodge. Really? You want to go there?"
Cas looked at him oddly, then nodded. "Do you guys have any plans besides the water park?"
*****
In response, and because he was immature, Dean stuck out a tongue covered in mushy burger.
"Oh. That's cool." As Cas was talking, Dean had slowly inched closer to him. When he felt he was close enough, the Winchester pitched forward and fell into the water. "That was very hot," he sputtered, wiping the water off his face and moving back against the wall of the tub.
"Sleeping."
"As the dominant one," Cas reiterated, giving his boyfriend  a warning look, "it is my duty to make sure you are safe during our intimate time."
Dean mouthed 'I'm sorry' to Cas, who was smiling at him.
Jack heard Castiel speak as he flowed between the crowd, heading for the gallows. His voice was clear, not a hint of fear in it.
"Yeah," Jack put in. "I didn't get any the other day when I got my tooth filled in." He turned to Maggie. "Did you know it was my first cavity?"
Jack rolled his eyes. "It's not a jail."
"I am so," the rollerblader insisted. Cas gestured to the scrapes on his legs. They were cleaned up but now the scabs were an angry red. "Forget those were your fault?"
Maggie smiled at her brother and handed her father a simple wooden box. "Kept it safe."
He put his drink on the bench. "Oh... uhm, do you need a-a band aid or something? Maybe you should clean th-"
Cas put the man down and he thankfully stood up.
"Lettuce, carrots," Jack said, exchanging glances with Cas and Maggie. "Cucumbers. Olives. Celery."
"You used to live in this building, right?"
"Yeah... on Friday."
He slumped onto the grass and rested his head between his knees. The sun burned into his neck, but he didn't care. He had slipped his cloak off earlier, his constant movement had made him heat up, making the item unnecessary.
"What? Why?"
"Okay. Are you going somewhere?"
Scratching his ear against his shoulder, Dean took the bottle and studied it. Clear glass that was shaped like an Elmer's glue bottle, with a thick amber liquid sticking to the sides, barely any at the bottom. The label at the front was a light blue with black lettering and a dark blue bell covered in bumblebee orchids in the middle. Dean grit his teeth, concentrating hard to get the words to stay where they belonged.
*****
"That means nothing to me. I wasn't the one driving, why should I know?"
"Dude, you gotta chill," Claire struggled to say as Jack squeezed her. "I'm havin' trouble breathing."
Dean grabbed the wall to stop himself and coughed twice. "Gettin' old, huh?" He let out a heaving breath.
Dean's eyes widened. "Mom!"
It had been five days since he was left at the park. When they had first arrived at his apartment, Dean ran over and lifted him up in a crushing hug, apologizing and covering him with kisses. Sam had had to pry his arms off Jack. For dinner his mom heated up a box of French fries and Dean gave him an angel food cake he bought at the corner store. After he had eaten, he called Kevin, who tearfully apologized for leaving him behind. Jack had told him it was okay, and that he was forgiven, which got the other boy to calm down.
"His. Felix is a boy."
"Did you hear what I said?" Kelly questioned, worried. "About my family?"
"Eh, he's okay. Think my last cardiologist, Dr. Baker, was a lot sexier."
-Can I ask you a question?-
"Oh," Jack sounded disappointed. "Well, can you at least start doing storytime at the bookstore again? You always make the best voices!"
Cas felt his face burn. "I... I mean. Uhm..." He scratched the back of his head.
"... Honey, she called him from her password protected phone. You didn't think this through very well."
Cas smiled softly and gave Dean another kiss. "I trust you."
"So, no. You're single."
The drizzle falling onto Jack's head was ignored as he stood on the dock. The occasional boat would pass into view and his breath would stick to the back of his throat as he strained his eyes to see through the light mist. When the boat turned out not to be his father's, he would groan and grind his teeth.
Castiel pressed the guide button on the remote. Puzzled when nothing happened, he pressed it several more times. "Why isn't this working?"
"Uh..." Dean cleared his throat. "S-sure. Guess so."
"Puppies!" A loud high pitched voice screeched from the door. "Look, Jackie! There's three of them!"
"Do you... do you like her?"
"It's too hot," Dean whined. "I'm gonna have to take another shower. And my skin will get dry. And I'll have to use the last of the Aveeno. Then I'll have to go all the way to the drugstore to get more."
Jack got onto his knees and shuffled over next to Maggie. The referee blew the   whistle and tossed the ball into the air.
Another gasp escaped as the door to his apartment opened. He hadn't even heard the keys jingling in the lock.
"So," Claire said brightly, "how did you like the mac and cheese? I think Tall Dad made it."
The doorbell rang then, and since Sam was still putting away the groceries and Castiel had snapped his focus back to his book, Dean had to get it. He took a bite of his sandwich and a gulp of juice before heading to the door.
"Aww," Sam said from the hallway. "How cute." He had Claire strapped to his front.
"Claire is five and Jack just turned three," Cas replied, and Miracle heard a crunch and he licked his lips.
"I think my ass is better."
"Mmhmm. Hey the dog keeps staring at me, can I give it a chip or something?"
-----
"You got me a dildo on my birthday, a buttplug on Valentine's Day, anal beads on Easter, and for some reason a vibrating cock ring last week." The younger man held up a finger for each  listed item.
"Right, right. I... only used ours twice. It's... also nice."
Kevin nodded. "Y-yeah, man. It is and I don't. I switched shifts with Krissy. You okay?"
"Maybe. Or maybe next time I'll draw you a bath."
Dean ran up, laughing. "You okay?"
Anael hummed. "Well," she said, not looking up from her task, "your definition of 'cutie' really means 'hot piece of ass'. So, I am assuming you aren't referring to Sam and Adam, who are children, and Mr. Winchester is han- ruggedly handsome so you must be lusting after Dean. He goes to my school."
"What happened?"
"Oh shut up. Jus- just give me the lube, I'll do it myself."
"You're kind of out of shape for a hunter, huh," Maggie said, amusement in her voice. "How can you even outrun a monster?"
Kelly raised her eyebrows at him. "Or that you're just gross."
"Jo and I will look for her at home," Daniel offered, grabbing his sister by the elbow and dragging her to the door. It took the groaning effort of the both of them to push it open, and a gust of cold wind and rain burst inside before Dean's dad came over and shut it.
Jack lifted his head and smiled sadly. He shook his head. "I'm just... the Blue Moon Festival is tomorrow night. I'm dreading it."  He could hear the faint hammering of the stalls being built.
"Do what?"
"Nah. She's tipsy," Sam pointed out. "As am I." He gave Dean double finger guns.
When Castiel went away on a trip, no matter where he went or how many days he was going for, his packing was meticulously organized. At least a week in advance he'd plan out his exact wardrobe for each day; shirts, pants, socks, even underwear. He'd pack his black L. L. Bean rolling duffelbag at least two days prior, the toiletry kit clipped to the handle and leave it by the door.
"Oh, right."
Blinking open his eyes and squinting at the alarm clock, Dean was surpised to find himself actually rested. Reading the time, his eyes widened and he figured out why; it was past 12:30, which wouldn't be that big of a deal since it was the weekend, but Dean always set his alarms for 8 am on his days off so he wouldn't waste the day away. Castiel must have turned it off and let him sleep in.
They played a few more rounds; Cas won once, Kevin twice, and Jack once. At the end of the last game, when Dean fell, Castiel flipped him onto his back and sat on his thighs.
Dean looked up and waved. Cas watched as he put the bottle down and started stretching; touching his toes and reaching his arms up. The he spun around and gripped the wall, sticking his ass out.
"No, I mean, yes. Yes, si- mi- I mean, uhm," Dean swallowed, heart pounding. He felt his cheeks heat up. "Yes, Sheriff. She's my baby."
Dean smiled. "I don't want to, Cas. I would like to go back home."
"Can you turn that down?" Castiel asked, keeping his head down and his focus on his phone.
"Ketchup and Syrup would be a great name for a song," Dean said halfway up the steps.
-Be quiet,- he shot back. -Eat her face, like daddy and Cas do! Come on, Uncle Sammy!-
The Winchester rubbed his thighs. "It's, uhm, nice. Nice and hot."
A year and a half later, a few days after Jack was born, when they were allowed to take him home, Cas sat in the back seat, keeping one hand lightly on the sleeping infant, making sure he was real. A stuffed bear wearing bright red overalls, a gift from Dean's parents, was lying at the baby's feet, on top of a fuzzy powder blue blanket that was tucked in at th sides, keeping Jack warm and safe.
Cas kissed Dean's cheek. "You don't have to eat the fruit if you don't want to, Dean."
"Probably not your last," Dean quipped.
"It's okay," Jack heard Sam say soothingly as the man walked by his bedroom. "Shh. It's okay, baby girl."
"And how old do you think I am?"
The body and the noose were taken down and the guards quickly set up for the next prisoner, and on it went. The noose was always changed to a new one, knotted for the height and weight of the damned person.
Kaia sighed. "She isn't my sister."
Sam, his hair a mess and swaying on his feet, looked confused. "I don't... oh! I remember." He turned around and grabbed Cas's guitar.
Dean shook his head. "Phone was practically dead. Left it home to charge."
Jack dropped the fork and ooked up at him. "No. This is my house. She can leave."
Benny Lafitte hopped out of the boat and grabbed Jack, swinging him around in a wide circle.
"No."
"Chicken nuggets. Where's Uncle Cas?"
"No way. Took off the second the drugs wore off."
Benny threw his head back and laughed. They were at Kara-Okay, a karaoke bar owned by Alicia's parents. As soon as the six of them arrived, Mary had hooked an arm around Cas and ordered Dean to get them both strawberry daiquiris. She kept Dean far away as she and Cas talked and only called him over to get them more drinks.
"Food first."  He sat on the stool next to his boyfriend and poked at the pieces of cantaloupe and watermelon. "Ew."
Cas pressed a chaste kiss to Dean's cheek as he got up. He pulled his phone out and started dialing, Mary Winchester smiling politely at him, as he made his way out the front door. As soon as it closed Dean looked at both his parents in turn.
Cas placed plates of pancakes and waffles in front of Dean and Jack, and Dean gagged, pushing the food away.
"You are charged with treason, obstruction of justice, three counts of assault on council members. Do you have anything to say for yourself?"
Cas told him what he had overheard in Jack's room. "And it made me think about how upset you've been lately because of Garth and the food and the jogging."
"So you had to pack all your stuff and move across the street?"
Jack picked his head up and smiled slightly. "Really?"
"Oh?" Cas poked at his daddy's nose.
Kelly shrugged. "I told my parents he was lonely."
Dean threw his hands up. "No, for Christ's sake! Just tell me."
"Huh?"
Jack was sitting at his desk, trying to finish up his math homework. He had promised Sam he'd be done before he left for Taekwondo, and it was getting closer and closer to the time they usually left. He'd been working on the problems for an hour, and he was frustrated. He hated fractions.
"Deal."
"Hey there, devil dog," he hugged the boy hard before setting him back on the floor. "Havin' a good class?"
Dean looked away from Cas. "Go ahead," he replied. "Charlie, right?"
"I swear I didn't think you'd hit him." Castiel's gaze bounced around his ex-boyfriend's handsome face. "I was angry at you, and I did a stupid, childish thing. I'm so sorry."
She put a hand up. "Chill. We won't say anything. This whole thing is an act? And it was Kelly's idea?" Gabe nodded and she continued. "I get it. Our mom has been trying to set her up since she kicked Jack's dad out. She won't stop. She was like that with me 'til I met Stevie. She was like 'Oh Char, I met this wonderful woman named Lily at the supermarket,' and 'Honey, you should call Naoki from my book club, you'd hit it off', and one time, 'I think Pamela at the diner is a bisexual, you should go for a visit'."
Cas nodded. "I was hoping to take a dip as well. Maybe we can have a swim together?"
Jack, confused, started to say, "What are y-" but Kelly cut him off by giving him the present.
Jack opened his eyes and stared into the darkness of his room. He rolled over and picked up his new cellphone from the  nightstand and squinted at the light as he read the time; 3:24 in the morning.
"What if he wins? And they date? And get married?"
"They're fine. We talked about moving them out here again."
"Oh no," Claire mumbled.
"I... uhm..." Dean closed his eyes. "I was trying to... kiss you. I missed."
"Ah... I went through something similar with a guy named Alan. Y'know, not exactly. We dated for about a month, nothing serious, but he always went on and on about this straight guy named Ed. It was really hurtful."
When Eileen can back, she sat back in her seat and they all continued talking. Miracle saw that the chair was a lot closer to his uncle's. There was still a squeaky toy of length between them, but he decided he had succeeded. He trotted over and bumped his uncle's hand until his ear was scratched.
Dean trudged up the stairs behind his little brother, his stomach twisting up tight knots of worry. Sam went off down the hall while Dean checked his own room first. A bed half made, Miracle's toys scattered around, stacks of books he hadn't read yet, clean clothes in one pile next to dirty clothes in another. Nothing had changed from a few hours ago, no signs of a dog running through in confused fear and making a bigger mess. He shut the door and checked the bathroom. The small garbage can wasn't overturned (Miracle liked to knock it over and throw whatever trash fell out into the air) and there were no puddles of pee on the pink tile floor.
"How was work?" the Winchester asked.
"Fine."
"I have been doing some... research," the angel sounded embarrassed.
Mary shoved him "Johnny, stop it. Of course we'll come."
Jack narrowed his eyes at him. "At my soccer game before I got hurt. You said 'I'm finally an uncle', which means you don't love me anymore."
"Dad," Dean exclaimed. "You can't ask someone that." He turned to Castiel. "I am so sorry about him." He felt his face growing hot again.
Cas kissed his forehead. "I sent them all to a motel this morning."
Stacks of stapled packets of paper mocked Cas with their tiny print and incessant lines. Signing his name now filled his stomach with lead and made his brain ache, no matter the reason.
He shrugged. "He likes Gunner Lawless. I thought he might be interested."
He huffed, like a child. "Whatever. Point is, what you wanna say to him has to be spontaneous. You can't plan what you want to say to him. Just feel it. And say it."
Cas was standing a few feet away, arms crossed and staring down at the man. Jack and Maggie had stopped just behind him, while Sam and Eileen had kept going.
"I dunno. When we were all singing to my dad, I saw him looking down quietly. He looked really sad."
Looking at the beach across the way, Cas considered heading there sometime that week. Seawater had always seemed better than chlorine to him, plus he was still not used to having a pool. It was only his second day living in the house his dad bought while Castiel was at Stanford.
"Johnny," Kate scolded as she poured a glass or milk for Adam. "Too early."
The laugh bubbled from his chest and out of his mouth before Cas could stop himself. He ran up to the guy and held out his arm.
"Behave," he was warned.
"Patience. Your sister. Does she... talk about me?"
Besides him in the waiting room, with its uncomfortable hardbacked chairs and bright yellow painted walls, was an elderly woman squinting at her tablet and a college-aged receptionist leaning on her hand with her eyes closed.
"I dunno. Castiel just said his home was too small for Dean." Cas's apartment had been two floors above Jack's. It was small and only one room, and he had used his bed as couch.
"They took Claire to the hospital for a check up. Thought they told you. Just me and you tonight, bud."
Bobby looked him up and down and then glanced at the food.  "Are they sugar-free? My doc told me to cut back on my sugar."
"Quit makin' out in there," Bobby shouted.
"It's a helmet," Dean explained. "For you. So you don't fa- crack your head if you fall off your skateboard."
"Oy," Castiel handed him a bottle of Thousand Island dressing. "Try tha- this."
The next morning, just as Cas was about to sit down, Dean walked into the kitchen, Miracle at his heels. She planted herself right next to Jack and looked up at him with pleading eyes.
Jack shrugged. "Only if I poke at it. I stopped taking the pain pills after a few days."
"Merry Christmas Eve Eve!" she exclaimed excitedly. She turned to Cas and Gabe. "So which one?"
"She's my best friend," Jack told Claire proudly.
His mom shook her head. "Soon, hopefully. Listen, sweetie, Sam and I were thinking maybe it would be a good idea for you to spend a week or two at Dean and Cas's."
Todd shrugged. "I'm fine. Here," he thrust whatever was in his hand towards her. "It fell out of Mr. Lobelia's jacket. It's really ugly, so I know my mom won't like it."
"I'm hot, you're hot. We're a perfect match." Cas chuckled and Dean felt a rush of pleasure at the noise. "And I don't even mind the age difference."
"Of course I am! And stop leaving towels on the floor an-"
"That one wa- it's  De- was made for esp- specifically for Dean. There's no che- it wasn't made with any cheese in it."
"I don't, " Castiel blurted. "I could never hate you." The guilt was back, settling uncomfortably in his stomach like a 100 ton weight.
"That's n-" the doorbell interrupted him. "Uh... please move all of-" he gestured in the direction of Cas's stuff, "-this."
"I am begging you to stop or kill me."
-I am,- Miracle insisted, but was ignored because humans couldn't speak dog.
"Who the hell is being funny?" They were kissing again. With tongue. One of Castiel's biggest fucking dreams was really happening. Breathlessly, Dean touched their foreheads together. "Do you know how hard it's been, seeing you all the time and thinking I couldn't do what I just did?"
The giant in question smiled wide. "I do. It's Sam. Sam Wesson. I work in IT at Sandover."
"Something good," Castiel replied, patting his boyfriend on the shoulder.
"Thi- that doesn't mean we hav- should. And what she bring all that stuff for, anyway? We have ple- enough st-food."
Cas smiled at him. "Good. Now, good night to you all." He carried Dean away towards their bedroom, leaving the kids and Felix alone.
She snatched it out of his hand. "Thank you sweetie."
Dean laughed even louder. "This is crazy! Are you in a shitty Christmas movie? I-I'm going home."
"Cas is a genius," Tall Dad stated, and Claire could hear the pride in his voice "All his books are fantastic." She could picture Small Dad blushing.
******
Using the handle of long wooden spoon, Dean dragged his mother's pill organizer out, now covered in dust. He shook it in her direction, the medications making an annoying rattling noise.
"Sweetie, it's me," his mom said from a foot away from him. "It's mommy. I want you to not," she burped, "t-t-to know that Casteel is a wonderful man. He is cute and smart and cute and sweet and I give you my blessing to marry him and adopt me many grandbabies. Or do in virtual fraternazation." She frurrowed her brow. "Th-that's not the right word."
"Getting a check up," he replied. "Obviously." Dean's brother, Adam, tapped a plastic stethoscope against the middle of his chest.
"What was the exact reason you did this?" Dean bit his lip to stop the laughter from coming out again.
Castiel started massaging his shoulders. "This make you feel better?" And when Dean nodded, he moved behind him to get a better angle, digging deeper into his skin.
Cas did not expect that. "I'm so sorry, Dean."
The sliding door opened again, and in walked Dean. Cas took a moment to check the high schooler out; tight red trunks and a black tank top.
"Then how will I know what they're doing in there?"
Slivers of sun peeked out from gray clouds, the heavy drizzle having just ended. Raindrops dotted the grass that covered most of the shared roof of the White Lamp hotel and Sure Insurance, and the running track that ran around it was just starting to dry. The three men sat on the benches of the picnic table that Castiel had dried with his trench coat, trying to get through their lunchbreak.
"Castiel Kline," she growled out, and Jack's mother released him and screamed. His father had to hold her back while she attempted to rush to the gallows. He heard a loud sob and realized it was Dean.
"You're pretty good at making silly faces," Dean stated, watching Cas feed his baby sister.
Cas answered. "Right underneath the stairs. It's the only door."
"Oh."
"How did that even start?" Dean asked, arms crossed.
"A cheeseburger, man. What does it look like?"
The 22-year-old nodded to him. "Hidin' something good?"
John shrugged. "You've been on two dates with him."
Cas looked down, confused. The top was round and covered in black and yellow stripes.
Cas slouched his shoulders and spun around to face him. "Go ahead."
"It comes with lettuce... and tomato."
"That reminds me of the other thing," Cas rubbed Dean's knee. "I know you like it when I say rude things to you, and if maybe sometimes I go too far or you're not in the mood, you can safeword and I'll shut up."
"I win," Jack shouted, jumping up down.
Castiel rubbed the shoulder he landed on and ignored Dean's question. "Where are my sneakers?"
The next thing Jack knew, he was on the floor, in pain.
"Deadly."
Dean noticed, flying in the sky, what seemed to be large bikes with propellers attached to them. Floating alongside them were several hot air balloons, all with different pictures and patterns sewn into the nylon. He'd never seen one in real life before; he was a never a big fan of heights.
Cas blushed and rubbed his ear with the towel.
Kevin squatted and tapped Jack on the shoulder. "Does my breath really smell like a wet dog?"
Jo crossed her arms. "Twenty-five bucks more and we could've gotten a bigger one."
"Uh, that wasn't a euphemism, right?" Claire asked, nose scrunched up. "'Cause I don't need to hear that."
Gabriel, his heart hammering in his chest, leaned forward as well, but then something he saw through the front window of the house caught his eye. "Is that Dean?"
Dean groaned and pushed himself up. Cas was hit by startling green eyes that glared at him.
"Forty," Dean said with confidence.
"God," Dean mumbled through a mouthful of meat and bread. "You're awesome."
"No. No, my dad is a librarian and my sister's an accountant."
"Are french fries available?" Dean asked hopefully.
"I can sleep on the floor," Sam offered. "You can take the couch. I just cleaned the sheets two days ago, and I don't get them very dirty."
Cas replied by leaning down and pecking the man on the lips. Jack then sprayed them with a bottle of water Dean used to keep the plants on the terrace hydrated.
'Steak medium for Gunner. Baconburg 4 DEan. Wlaked by and heard laughter. Seem like havin a good tim.'
His brother rolled his eyes. "My book would get wet."
Dean snorted. "You kickin' us out, kid?" He tucked his head underneath Castiel's chin.
Jack and Cas were in the waiting area for about thirty minutes before they were called in. The doctor examined him and prescribed pain meds, and within an hour Castiel had them back his and Dean's place.
Cas dropped himself on the armchair, Dean in his arms. His stepdad and mom were on the couch, Sam running his fingers through her hair.
Dean nodded and held his arms out wide. Jack smiled and hugged him.
Dean sat up, eyes starting to focus in the darkness. There was a rectangular object on the floor. "What the fuck is this?"
Sam and Eileen slowly walked in, wearing matching red robes and both looking sheepish.
"Kick it," a child's voice demanded.
"Can't go until the doctor says it's okay." The little boy hit his left knee, a little softer, but not by much, and Cas twitched that leg.
"Gabe, I don't know if... you never... I never even thought yo-"
"He doesn't like me, I don't think," Cas said as he sat back down.
"Excellent choices, sirs."
"Tr-try one," Cas stuttered. He cleared his throat and watched Dean grab one and scarf it down.
Dean turned around in his seat. "Really? You'd like 'em."
"The one at my parents' is actually bigger than the one on your porch. Maybe you could come over and check it out."
Castiel looked at the jumbled mess of his suitcase. "Good Lord, do you need help."
Caesar had turned the music off and Dean's face heated when he heard the bubbles of laughter lifting from the crowd of people.
Cas stared at him, incredulous. "And you decided the best course of action would be to drive four and a half hours to his house?"
"Okay. That's it." Cas stomped away from the bench they were next to and pointed to a different one; and this one did not have a "wet paint" sign on it. "Sit. All of you."
Cas pulled a glad bag out of his pocket. A green lighter, half filled with fluid, and a joint were in it. He took them both out and let the bag fall to the floor. When he lit it, Dean had to bite down a gag. He hated weed.
"I should ask Claire what she wants to do tomorrow. That makes sense, right?"
The three kids entered the ktichen, Jack carrying the bucket and Claire holding tight to the two containers she took from the basement's fridge. Kaia had the duct tape and the twine.
"The cashier?" Castiel teased.
Castiel nodded seriously, as if he understood. Again, he'd forgotten what Dean did for a living, which was weird because he'd been to Sandover several times visiting his uncle, Dean's boss, to beg for money. He was probably high. No, he was definitely high.
Castiel rubbed the handle of the knife between his palms. "Ah. Downplayed it, huh?"
"I have to hide Claire's lunch in the back of the fridge," Kelly put in, looking at Cas fondly. "He'll switch her pudding cups for fruit."
Dean hummed. "I'll see how I feel when the food gets here."
Jack pushed the head guard as hard as he could and the man stumbled and fell. He ran and snatched the rope. He grabbed the looped part and pulled it, using his dagger to quickly cut above the first knot.
"It's a commercial, flip it back," Sam demanded from the couch, pointing at the flatscreen and looking back and forth between it and Bobby. "C'mon, hurry up."
Cas dropped the menu and stared at him, mouth agape. "Are you serious? Do you eat like that a lot?"
"Oh, honey stop," Mary said, turning slightly in the seat to look in his direction. "Stop acting like a curmudgeon. Y'know, a lot of people your age aren't lucky enough to have a family that would arrange their vacation around your sched- dear God in heaven, what is that smell?"
"Yes, dad." Dean swallowed. "Hmm. I can't really taste the tomato and lettuce."
"It's Dean," Kevin laughed.
The conversation turned toward Dean's job, and Castiel actually remembered this time, specifically his co-worker's and Castiel's boss, which shifted into Cas complaining about annoying gym rats he's had to deal with.
Dean spent the whole drive with his fists clenched tight on the steering wheel, trying to focus on the road and control his breathing as Cas mouthed at his neck and rubbed his cock through his pants.
Helen got up and went over to her. "Honey, that could not be further from the truth."
"What does she do for a living?"
"I forgot my wallet," she declared.
-But that's my food.-
Dean's jaw clenched. "Why are you in here?"
The prisoner shrugged. "You guys have no sense of humor." She sounded like she was from Rabbit's Foot Island.
"Honey, calm down," his mom said, grabbing him by the shoulders and making him freeze in place. "I-I'm sure she's in the house somew-"
"Where the he- uh, heck did you get that idea?"
A knock at the door made Dean look away from his Candy Crush game. "Enter."
Eileen looked up at Sam and signed something to him. He signed back and sighed.
"What are you talking about? No he hasn't."
*****
"How is sh- you know what, it doesn't matter."
Castiel tapped the middle of Dean's chest. "Because you have a good heart."
"There you go, girl," he soothed, patting her head as she munched on the grapes in his hand, "got your favorite fruit and a clean floor." He giggled when her thick tongue licked his palm. "When the storm is over, you and me will go for a long trot in the pasture. Or maybe we'll go through the path in the woods and head down to the uh... the.... oh what do you call it? With all the water? Oh! The creek." He sighed thoughtfully. "Been thinkin' again, 'bout one day saddlin' you up and taking off. You and me just gone. Maybe we'll head to Kentucky or Texas or-"
Sam shifted and looked out the window. "Yeah. Her."
He'd been late to work a handful of times because when he tried to get out of bed Cas had grabbed him and had him suck down his morning wood, and the few times he was close to being late was when Castiel fell back asleep before Dean finished and was able to make his escape.
"Maybe you should concentrate on not making any noise right now," Cas suggested as he opened their door. "Considering what I am going to do you in the shower."
Gabriel peeled a pepperoni off his pizza and ate it. "I know how to handle myself, woman."
"But no ice cream?"
He stood firm. "No."
"Oh. I get it. Very cute." He eyed the half-eaten cookie and empty yoohoo on the table. "Are you on a, uhm, date?"
"Get outta town," Kelly's father said. "Kell didn't tell us much about you, Cas. And please. Call me Jack."
Rubbing a hand over his face, Dean sighed. "I just thought... I don't know what I thought. Why didn't you talk to me about this? Have the 'what are we' conversation?"
"Uh. Yeah."
"It's not a spider," Jack informed them, inspecting it. "It's a daddy longlegs. They're arachnids, but not spiders. They're more like scorpions."
Dean rolled his eyes. "Stop being dramatic. I know what you're trying to do, and you need to cut it out. She's drunk."
"Of course," Castiel responded. He watched as Dean took a big bite, a feeling of pride blooming in chest and crawling into his heart.
"Yes, love?" Castiel didn't tear his eyes away from the paper. "Do you need something?"
There was one dog off alone, away from everyone else. A human female that smelled nice was sitting on the ground next to her, turning pages in a book. Miracle went up to the dog and they sniffed eachother. She was about four years old, a mix between a pug and shih tzu, with some pekingese in there.
The food smelled delicious. Plates piled with bacon, scrambled eggs, and Eggo waffles, and a divided serving dish filled with blueberries and cut up cantaloupe, apples, and watermelon. A gallon of two percent milk, container of orange juice, and a coffee carafe of hazelnut coffee were also set out.
"But I wasn't sl- I wasn't doing anyth-... okay. I will not rest my eyes again."
Jack blinked. "Huh?"
Dean blinked at her, mouth open and eyebrows raised. "Wha- witch- hitch-a-ride? What a-"
He smiled at him. "You don't have to say anything. I hope you have a nice trip." He turned and walked out without another word, fighting back tears as he got into the elevator.
Cas didn't look up. He refreshed the Instagram page again. Absentmindidly, he rubbed a loose thread on his basketball shorts between thumb and forefinger. His legs were stretched out on the bed, the comforter scratching at his heels.
Kelly and Charlie exchanged guilty looks. "Not really," Kelly answered. "You have a pretty loud voice. Grandpa could even kind of hear you."
Castiel's lips were on his own and he felt the man grab his left hand. Dean let go of the sheet and interlaced his fingers with Cas's.
Cas, Gabe, and Kelly's parents were in the dining room setting the two tables. Luckily for Castiel, he didn't have to talk to anyone when Jack pulled his grandmother, Helen, over to him because dinner's soon arrival was announced from the kitchen.
Cas found the spider clinging to the lightbulb. "Come here, little one," he whispered as he cupped the small animals in his hands.
After giving them each a kiss, Dean ran outside, leaving Jack and his other uncle alone, Cas gently stroking the back of his hair.
"Okay, look," Charlie started, taking a few steps toward Cas, "I have no clue what is going on here, but you guys need to calm down. You're being a little loud and my family can hear ya."
"He was complaining about you for fifteen minutes," Maggie said through a mouthful  of oatmeal.
With half-hooded eyes, Dean watched Cas undo the ropes that tied his wrists to the hotel bed. The dark blue tie that had been knotted around his head, now covered with Dean's saliva, was folded neatly on the nightstand next to two bottles of water.
"It's someone's special day and you promised to help me make this someone a nice breakfast for their special day."
"You have to forgive us," Claire stated, looking up. "We're really cute."
"A dumb expression."
"Mmhmm. Two elder and three younger."
Miracle's eyes moved between them as they spoke. His daddy shook his head. "I thought he'd be, like, embarrassed or something. Plus, I am pretty sure I know what the problem is."
"What was Eileen doing?" Jack asked.
Dean hugged him a little tighter. "I'll watch but I won't join in. And I hope you realize your hands are going nowhere on or in me until you wash and purell at least three times.”
"Mom," Dean said sternly, "not every doctor knows eachother."
He took a deep breath. It never really bothered Gabriel to talk about his childhood, he just found it really dull. "I don't really... remember my mom. She's just like a faceless woman to me. I'm not even sure if Cas and I have the same mom. Though I do remember, after he turned two, she just dissappeared." Kelly was sitting quietly, staring intently at him. He continued.
"Hiking," Jo coughed around her banana.
They walked into the park across the street, keeping in the lights of the lampposts. Dean kept glancing down at Cas's hand, wondering if it was okay to hold it. But, to his surprise, the doctor grabbed Dean's hand and laced their fingers together.
"Noted." He let go of his hand and rubbed his arm. "Uhm. Sorry?"
"Nope. Not important. I can see Garth in the parking lot, let's go."
He finished up his shopping and paid, and by the time he got outside into the fresh sunshine, he realized he hadn't given his husband or son a single thought since he spoke to Kevin. He gripped the handle of the shopping cart, stomach twisting into knots. As Cas started the walk back to his house, he silently prayed that Dean and Jack were okay.
"Fred," Gabriel told him. "Jones. Like in Scooby Doo."
His cousin looked up from where his face was shoved into the popcorn bowl. -He didn't need it, weirdo.-
"And how's your girlfriend?"
"I... I don't feel like eating. Can I wrap it in aluminum foil and have it later?"
Castiel cleared his throat. "How... How did you find this place?"
The four humans were sitting at the table in Miracle's kitchen. Banshee was napping in the living room and Bones was lying on the floor, staring up at his father, waiting for scraps. Miracle was confused when his uncle and Eileen had come over earlier and Uncle Sammy and Cas had spent their time cooking a steak and chopping vegetables. When his daddy had put him out in the backyard, he saw the stray cat stretched out near the shed, so he asked if he knew what was going on. The cat called him a dumbass and explained that his uncle and Eileen were on a date, which is what humans and their mates do. He also explained that going on dates was something his father and Cas do all the time.
"I'm making blueberry pancakes," his stepdad whispered. "And I got bacon and scrambled eggs. You hungry?"
"In bed. Ben is pissed but he'll get over it."
"Stop it."
"Do you think Sam looked depressed tonight?" his daddy asked.
"Is it weird living in an apartment?" Kevin asked suddenly.
"Oh, now I have to see it."
Maggie nodded and ran after the ball. Her, Jack, and a few other kids in their class kicked it around for a few more minutes until Master Turner came in.
There were noises blaring from the TV. Very loud and very annoying noises. It was distracting.
Cas, leaning forward in the back of the Prius, asked, "Charlie?" His breath was hot on Dean's neck and it made him nervous.
The next morning, he woke up at 7:26, two hours before the alarm was set to go off. Dean was on his stomach, cheek smushed against the pillow, drool running out of his mouth. Cas had to carefully and quietly pull his boyfriend's arms off of him. Miracle was lying on her back on her dog bed, and Castiel waited until he saw her chest rise and fall with her breathing before taking her bowls to the kitchen to fill with fresh water and dry food.
"Well, it turned out Ed wasn't as straight as he thought. They're getting married in August."
"I am Kelly's boyfriend," he shouted. "Castiel." He pointed to Gabriel. "This is my brother."
Dean was sitting on Cas's lap, his legs folded over the armrest. Castiel was feeding him a slice of pizza.
Dean gave his dad a suspicious look and ripped it open. "A wallet?" He inspected it; it was brand new, the leather cool in his hands. "What for?"
"I... I thought maybe it was best to let you make the first move. But you didn't. And it took me awhile to accept that we are and always will be just friends. And everyone keeps telling me to confess. To ask you out. And I tell them I'm not ready. But the truth is I can't. I can't hear you tell me no. I love you so fucking much, and you deserve someone selfless." Castiel licked his lips and wiped at his eyes. "Someone who isn't me."
"For a long time, after we first met, I was fine. I was fine watching movies together and hanging out on the roof and going bowling and playing laser tag... and watching you with a girl hurt, but I understood." His eyes started to water, and he ignored it. "But when you told me you were bisexual, the selfish part of me was so happy. Because I thought we could be something else. And I didn't want to rush you. I waited and watched you date other men and that did more than hurt me. It devastated me."
"Yes," Cas agreed, staring ahead.
"Why the hell did you do that?" Dean asked, leaving the stall and closing it behind him. "That hurt. I could have a concussion, y'know?"
Jack shook his head. He stared out the window at the buildings and trees flashing by. Dean had been working a lot of extra hours the past couple weeks, so Jack hadn't seen much of him, which he was fine with.
"You think I'm gonna get eaten by a-a bear or something?"
"When did you meet? Where?"
He sighed. "She, uh, asked if it was weird to, like, date someone only after you had had sex with them. And, uhm, if I considered you my best friend."
"Tom and Jerry and the Magic Ring!" Jack responded excitedly, reaching for the laptop.
Cas bit his bottom lip as he looked over the list he'd been writing the past few minutes. Leaning an elbow on the desk, he hummed softly and tapped the pen against his forehead.
The light of the full moon shone down onto Jack.
"Why don't you go wake up Dean and Cas? You can jump on the bed if you want."
"That is absolutely impossible," Dean said, pouring the batter onto the frying pan. "Can't have too many."
The four adults looked at eachother.
"Ugh. He keeps bitchin' about that. I like being a fireman. And school was never my thing."
Cas nudged him. "See," he said smugly. "Healthy food doesn't have to be gross."
"Are we there yet?"
Sam dropped his stuff next to the couch and sat on the middle cushion. "That Ruby chick set my mattress on fire."
On Sunday evening, Jack and Maggie were in her room eating lunch. Kevin was at a dental appointment with his mom.
Castiel turned his beautiful blue eyes toward him, and Dean let out a low gasp; The man was clean shaven and his hair was neatly trimmed. A black coat covered a light blue button down that Dean was certain belonged to him and dark blue jeans hugged his legs. He caught a whiff of watermelon and the scent of the yellow and pink flowers he was carrying.
"Cas, wait." Dean started to follow him but felt a tug on the back of his shirt.
"Because it won't make you feel any better."
"Why?"
"I never wa- Embarrass you? You're embarrassed of me!"
He sniffed. "Th-thanks."
"Lonely? Cas, wh-"
"Do you ever stop?"
"Aw, poor college boy."
"We should race!" Dean shrugged off his bag and pulled out his roller blades.
On Sunday, his parents declared it a "do nothing" day, where they all spent their time inside, watching TV and ordering food. Again, Dean constantly looked out the window for Cas and was disappointed that he didn't see the man once. The only people he saw come out of the chalet were an older couple, whom Dean assumed to be Castiel's parents, Ambriel in her carriage being pushed by the woman, and Cas's younger brothers. They were all dressed nicely, and Dean assumed they were on their way to a funeral.
Adam beamed and put the stethoscope back in his black "Play Doctor" kit. He pulled out what looked like a small hammer.
"What if she isn't, Ma?" Dean could feel the beginnings of hot tears filling his eyes. "She's terrified of storms!"
-You're supposed to lick her, I think,- Miracle barked, jumping up and down. -Cas does it to daddy sometimes. Do it do it!-
"It would just be for a little while," Cas said. "Just until your sleep schedule is back on track."
Cas rolled his eyes. 'Hed have asked why. What would i have told him?'
The full moon peeked out shyly through the gray curtains of the wispy clouds. It shone brightly against the deep black of the night sky, dots of glittering stars surrounded it on all sides and constellations came out to play.
Jack sighed. Then his face lit up. "Oh! I can make us popcorn!" He went off down the hall, presumably headed for the kitchen.
"Don't make fun of your sister," Ellen ordered. "That's not nice. Jo, just calm down baby. You'll get through it."
He yawned and lied down on the bench, head pillowed on his folded hands. He hadn't even realized he fell asleep until he was being shaken awake. Blinking at the dim light coming from the phone in Cas's hand, Jack yawned and sat up.
The grass in the park was damp from the rain, and Miracle chomped on a few blades.
The cat rolled his eyes. -It means you have no one in your life. Like a mate.-
John peered at his neck. "Those bite marks slow you down?"
"There's a tornado outside shaped like penis!"
Miracle squeezed herself out of the narrow space by standing up as well as she could and putting her paws on the door for leverage. She managed to get her body on to the seat and hopped onto Dean's stomach, crying and licking him all over.
Speaking of which, Dean tore his eyes away from his fuck buddy's perfect body to finish undressing himself. He threw his clothes into the hamper behind his door and shoved his shoes under the bed. He maneuvered his body until he was relaxed against the pillows and spread his legs out, knees up near his chest.
Dean flicked his gaze to Cas, who was just bringing the second cardboard box into Dean's room. "I... I guess you can stay on the couch for a few days."
Gabriel blinked at his brother. He hadn't thought of that. "Y-yeah. I guess so. You know what? I'm gonna get your crap. You two stay here."
Dean grunted. "Why are you trying to ruin his birthday before it even gets started?"
With shaking fingers, Cas texted back. 'And,? Th orders?'
"I am not on a side," Dean's dad insisted. "There's no side to take. I-I-I'm only stating facts. Look Mary, if you're so concerned about this guy's ethics or whatever, why don't you go out with them to, I don't know, talk to Cas alone? In fact, Dean, you said your roommates are taking you and him out to get drinks later, take your mother."
"Hey, Dean, th- oh my God." He put his hands against his eyes. "I am s- I should've knocked. I didn't mean t- God I didn't think, with me here you w-"
He was able to block the first three shots. A fourth one tapped his fingers and spun into the net. He stomped his feet a few times, and then put it out of his mind so he wouldn't miss again.
"Really?" Castiel asked, sounding excited and snapping his head towards Dean.
Cas rolled his shoulder. "N-no. He is not talkative at all. He doesn't... I mean, he pretty much always let my siblings and I do our own thing."
Sheriff Mills nodded once, smiling wide and eyes twinkling.
"Okay," the twins agreed in unison.
Dean rolled his eyes and got up to slip his sneakers on. "Fine."
'R they lenaing towrd one another?'
Cas looked at the twins and patted their heads.
"Oh." Dean sipped his coffee. He peered at his little sister over the mug. "Hey, uh. Cas told me. About Ash."
"Unchanged," came the slightly muffled answer.
With his throat dry from talking to everyone and his palms sweaty, Cas had finally spoken to all of Dean's teammates and their significant others, and a few friends and family who decided to come to the barbecue. He took a large blanket out of Dean's bag and spread it out over the grass.
"Oh," Dean repeated. He licked his lips. "I... did he go to his room after he ate?"
"Don't be a drama queen," he responded, stretching his arms up high and yawning. "Didn't even throw it that hard." Looking around, Sam brushed past his brother and picked something off the stable floor. It was his old baseball, red stitching still intact but a light brown creeping over what was once a bright ivory color. He tossed it into the air and snatched it on its way down. "I was standing right behind you and yelled your name exactly six times, and you didn't hear me. Mom said the storm is starting soon, you gotta come in now."
Dean snorted and turned back to his kids. "Claire, no TV and no computer for three weeks. Jack, same thing except for two weeks. And you have to call and apologize to Mr. Moseley."
As they walked to the house, Kelly hooked her arm around Gabriel's.
Cas furrowed his brow. "My wh- oh! She is fine. Our anniversay, or rather her and her late husband's anniversary, is next month."
Jack breathed nervously as he held her like Cas had been. He had to admit, she was a kind of cute. With her bright eyes and blond hair.
"Show me?"
"Why aren't you with your children?"
"You can't pull off being smug and cute."
"Dean. So you live with your parents?"
"I figured. I'll call Sully later. It might be nice to just be the two of us at church again."
Dean groaned and got up. He walked over to the sink and stood over it, staring. "I see dirty dishes."
When he got to the tent, he noticed that Castiel was not at the telescope. Instead, his apprentice Celeste was showing Rufus Turner how to aim it at the correct point in the sky.  That was strange, because Jack knew that his uncle had an issue with the young woman using any of his equipment at the moment; she was too new, he had said.
"You found it?" Sam asked.
Dean groaned and threw his head back. "My body can't take all this healthy crap, I think it may just reject everything."
"I didn't bring it."
"Copper firefly for your thoughts?" she asked. "You're not upset with me, right?"
Dean smirked.  "You love my vulgariy."
"Fuck off, Lassie," she hissed and kicked him twice in the chest.
To ease Dean's worries, Cas brushed his teeth and took a quick shower before he left. He put on a pair of ratty jeans and a black T-shirt, and after a quick check in the living room where he found Dean and their son in the same position as before, Jack nestled in his husband's arms and still asleep, he headed out into the drizzle, his hair still damp. It had taken him a bit longer to get to the store, every ten steps he'd stop, chewing his bottom lip with worry and thinking about all the things that could go wrong. Dean could fall asleep and crush the baby. He could turn the stove on and forget to turn it off, causing a massive fire. He could start a bath and get distracted and flood the house. Horrible thoughts of earthquakes, sinkholes, a swarn of locusts, and meteors crashing to the earth filled Cas with so much stress he wouldn't have been surprised if he found a grey hair.
"Ew... ribbit."
Castiel ran up the steps and scooped Dean up, ignoring the Winchester's protest, and carried him to the kitchen.
"Ask. Dean. Out." Kevin punctuated each word with a clap. "If he says no, then he says no."
Sam nodded. "Yeah, I live here."
"How 'bout a movie?" Jo suggested. "That Hatchet Man reboot is out. We could go see that."
"Oh, Dean. Hi," his friend greeted, dropping two heavy looking paper bags onto the counter. He unbuttoned his coat and tossed it onto the kitchen table. "I felt really bad about eating your food, so I bought you this." He pulled out a large box and presented it. "90 bagel bites! And I won't eat a single one. Unless I ask and you give the 'okay'." He started humming as he put away the other groceries he bought.
Cas glowered at him. "I am not a hippie. It's a fulltime position and the pay is way more than I could ever make at the gym. Need to start really saving up for my own place. I'll probably ask Sam to room with me, so he'll be out of your hair, too."
Jack laughed. "Was he hurt?"
"I've asked him so many times," Tall Dad said. "But he keeps refusing. He's really stubborn."
The two breathed a sigh of relief when the door finally closed.
"Hey, kids," Castiel called out.  "Let's go back in now. It's going to get worse soon."
"Your old man ass is practically in my face."
"Don't ever kiss me again."
Running to side of the house to the garage, Dean was quickly soaked to the bone, his socks getting dirtier and wetter by the second. He squinted through the wind whipping bits of debris into his eyes. Spotting his car at the end of the long driveway, he glanced quickly at the tornado that seemed to be closer than before. Pulse quickening, he bit his lip and ran over to the back door of the sleek black vehicle. Just like he thought, he had forgotten to close the window, and peering inside he found Miracle, damp, shivering, and covered in mud on the floor, whimpering.
"Why does everyone keep saying that I snore?"
"Jack brought up the holiday, and we came up with the details together. What do you think so far?"
They started singing, Dean the loudest. "Happy birthday t-"
Dean and Castiel ate the pizza leftover from lunch on the couch, which was Jack's old one. His mom had decided to get a new one and let them keep it; he could still see the tiny dark stains from his years of spilling juice and soda that decorated it.
"Fine," she repeated, voice soft this time. "Where is th- Where's he?"
Castiel thought. "Yes, but I do believe there are some rooms Jack and Maggie haven't seen yet."
She scowled at him. "Come on. I-I thought I was done with it but it turns out I'm still going."
"Then I will have toasted and carrots." Cas downed half his milk.
Sam rolled his eyes. "No, they aren't. They eat fruit and small insects, the bite wouldn't even hurt you."
"Here is eighteen and nineteen: please let me us- cook in the kitchen. Please let me use the kitchen."
Cas licked his ear. "Then you'll have to finish suckin' me off."
She sighed. "No, that's n-"
Dean shook his head. "So, all you know is what she looks like and that she's a nerd?"
Dean sniffed. "'S what is sounded like."
A firetruck barreled down the street, and Cas stopped to watch it, biting the inside of his cheek.
'Nothing, you weirdo,' she replied snottily. 'You gotta chill out.'
Cas nodded and Gabriel followed him. The man was in front of the unlit fireplace, a tablet playing a Looney Tunes cartoon in his lap.
"Oh, uh yeah. Yeah. I did."
"'Cause you guys are old enough to do it yourself."
"This is a terrible eulogy."
"Y-yeah. Was gonna take a dip in a minute. You, uh, you off today?"
In the bathroom, as Castiel washed his hands, his phone rang. Quickly drying them on a hand towel, he pulled out the device. It was a Facetime call from Dean's brother, Sam. Confused, he answered it. His ex boyfriend's grinning face filled the screen.
Dean didn't look up from the chicken he was cutting up. "My Lactaid meds."
Cas laughed again, and Dean loved that sound, but he decided to change the subject. He started telling Cas about his roommates, Benny, Charlie, and Alicia, and he kept talking even as their food came, speaking between bites and trying not to spray burger eveywhere. He knew he was talking a lot, but Cas was smiling so nicely at him, almost like he thought Dean was the most interesting man on the planet.
Cas threw an arm over Dean's back. "Some pie. And chips. Cookies."
"You were never a-" his dad cut himself off at the look Dean's mom gave him. "Never mind."
Jack smiled wide. "Thanks! You almost caught me though."
He fell asleep with a smile.
Dean raised a brow and looked questioningly at Cas, who shrugged.
"You gonna do this everytime?"
"I don't think so" Cas disagreed, and Dean could hear the roll of his eyes.
"Why?"
"Hey! Let's watch cartoons!" Jack hopped off Maggie's bed and ran over her TV to turn it on. "I think The Loud House is on."
Dean put the pen down and smirked. "Why would I call you that?"
"Good morning," the older man looked at each of the boat's occupants, "Mr. Winchester. Jo. Dean."
Cas furrowed his brow and looked at his boyfriend. "Huh?"
"I guess I like cheese."
Dean came over then and nudged the kid with his elbow. Jack stood and walked over to the other side of table to sit in between Claire and Maggie and Dean took his seat.
"Hi, sweetie," his mom yawned. She patted the spot next to her. Jack plopped himself down and glanced at the baby.
Cas give Balthazar a hard slap to the dick before he left.
"Wow cool. Are you gonna stay? I'm gonna be learning my form today!"
He watched as, gingerly, Cas lifted Jo's head from his leg and slowly rested it on the couch pillow. He took the comforter and placed it across her body. Her body was at an odd angle, and the young woman would definitely be waking up stiff and sore in the morning, but she looked relaxed and her nose twitched cutely, like a rabbit.
"I wish we could trade places," he said to Felix, who was wrapped around his neck like a scaly yet comforting necklace. "I'd love to just sit in a box all day and do nothing."
"Hello all," Castiel said as he got the Purina salmon and rice from the cabinet. "You're all up early."
"I need a shower. As do you. "
"Right." Dean sat up and rubbed his knees.
After finishing up their breakfast, Jack and Cas cleaned up the kitchen for Sam, and Dean put the pullout bed back and fixed the couch. He even vacuumed, which shocked Castiel.
"Why don't you ask my mom?"
Dean grabbed Castiel's wrists and pulled him out of the elevator.
"Are you guys gonna stay here all day?" Jack asked.
"Dean what... what is that?"
"Of course." Dean stood up and held out his hand and Jack took it. They walked into the living room, and Cas was sitting on the couch by himself, holding Claire. His mom and Sam were in the kitchen, and Jack could smell the dinner they were cooking.
🥞🧇🎈🎉🎊
Dean's eyes widened.  "Wh-what? No. I... why would you even think I would?"
Miracle jumped in the air. -Great! I have an idea.-  He bent down so his front was on the grass, butt in the air. -Climb on top of me and hold on.-
"Kind of busy right now," Castiel pointed out, looking over his boyfriend's shoulder at the kids sitting on the carpet, chatting and chewing away.
The setting sun had everyone out for the beginnings of the festival. It started, like always, with the head of the council, Naomi, reading from The History of Indigo Forest, specifically the passge about the lunar cycle. Then there was a moment of silence, a sign of respect for the people of the previous festivals, which Jack thought was ridiculous. They didn't care about these people before, when it actually happened,  why would they care now?
"That's a lie." He stood up and tugged Dean's arm twice. "C'mon, I'll make you something." Dean grumbled something unintelligible. Cas leaned down and whispered in his ear. "We'll be like ten feet away. They won't do anything." He nudged Dean's shoulder.
Castiel jogged down the steps of his front porch, squinting at the bright sun. With a grunt, he turned his backwards facing cap around to shield his eyes.
"Oh, a salad," Eileen chirped, signing at the same time. "Sounds good."
Dean rested his forehead against Cas's. "It will."
"Why didn't Kells tell us about you?"
Dean hugged Castiel from behind, his arms around the man's chest, pressing a light kiss to his neck.
"Please?" Jo clasped her hands together and jumped up and down.
It was almost 8:30 when Jack came in to the kitchen, freshly showered and wearing his green triceratops shirt and his blue sweatpants. Dean and Cas were mixing batter for the waffles and pancakes they were making for Sam, ignoring Miracle's hard stares from the floor.
Castiel rolled his eyes. "Nothing bad will happen. It's only a few days."
Dean had been hesitant first, worrying about hurting his parents' feelings, but Cas was able to convince him it would be best for their hypothetical baby's development for one of them to be the person watching them for the first few years of their life.
"I..." Dean thought back. Yes, he remembered Castiel asking him, but everytime it had been on a day where Dean was beat from work. "I was... t-tired."
Both sets of parents "awed", while Cas kept his focus on his sister. Dean could see the pink in his cheeks.
"Yes!"
But that didn't matter anymore. He had his family and his friends and he finally had Cas the way he always wanted now. They had an eternity to look forward to.
He saw a series of pictures of Benny, off at culinary school, took of a cake he had baked for a girl he'd been dating. Lee, at Harvard Business School, had posted a video of him and his roommates playing beer pong in his apartment. Charlie, the game developer hopeful, had posted a selfie in her bed, clad in her pajamas and a Playstation 4 controller in her hand.
"What's that?" Jack asked.
"But I just got back from tour! I'm tired." He gestured to his undershirt and hotdog pants. "I'm in my relaxin' clothes. Oh, and I should stay and watch the kids."
"No," Castiel answered.
"What about your room?" Jo asked. "You have a sleeping bag. I can put it on the floor."
"No! No, please. I'm really sorry. " Castiel stood up, showing off his orange speedo. "Look I'll take mine off, 'kay?"
Sam and Eileen were up, wearing their robes and cooking something that smelled good at the stove, while Mary, Jack, and Maggie were at the table, chatting.
"I know that, smart guy. Where is the bathroom located? It's not the one at your store or your apartment. "
"Maggie," she said, giving Claire a small wave.
"Well at least let me take you to a nice ice cream place."
Castiel snickered against the back of the younger man's neck. "She asked me if I wanted a blowjob and I told her I was flattered, but gay. Then she laughed, said 'That's nice', and passed out on my lap."
The other man smiled and gave him a deep openmouthed kiss.
"I'm putting on Phineas and Ferb," Claire declared.
Their two kids laughed even louder.
"And why would you?"
Dean gave him an annoyed look. "Puh-lease. Nothin' is gonna happen to me or my heart unless there's some kind of freak accident or something."
Cas watched Dean stare at his food. He nudge the man's shoulder and said in a low voice, "Your mom is eating it. It won't kill you."
"I'm sorry, daddies," she replied, and Castiel realized he smelled something strange in the air.
Jack nodded. "I'll make sure Felix is asleep, too!" He gave short nod in the direction of the snake, curled on the floor of his terrarium next to the coffee table, where Maggie had moved him.
"I have to pick up stuff for the dinner party tonight. I thought I had enough in the pantry, but we're almost out of salt and a few other things."
Gabe rolled his eyes and walked over to where his brother had slept the night before. The toiletry kit was clipped to the handle and the bag was zipped up and ready to go. All he had to do was deflate the mattress and pack it in its' little bag.
Miracle let out a low growl.
"Yeah," Jack clapped his hands. "Sully is so fun! He doesn't have to go to dumb ol' church."
He got a sympathetic smile in response, and Cas walked over and squeezed his shoulders, kissing his neck. "You'll do fine. I already told them all about you. They know how great you are."
Castiel grit his teeth. 'How are they sitting???'
"Yeah, daddy," Jack agreed. "Take it easy!"
"Ooh, bathtub sex," Dean wiggled his eyebrows. "Is that less complicated than shower sex?"
Jack looked thoughtful.  "I don't think Sam'll eat it then. He likes to be healthy."
"What?"
He sat up. "We scored?"
"So are you," Maggie pointed out.
The woman smiled politely and lifted one shoulder. Judging by the hearing aids Dean had seen her turn off, he was pretty sure she had not heard a word he'd said, which was probably a good thing.
Castiel gestured at the two of them. "Us. This. I..." From the heart, he thought. "Dean, you are my best friend. And I both hate and love that."
"And we're getting ice cream," Sam piped up.
Dean shrugged.  "No biggie deal. I liked spending the time with you." He gave Castiel a wide smile.
The older man stood as well and crossed his arms. "I asked if you wanted to go out the first few times you came over to my apartment. You didn't want to go to any restaurants or the movies or even for a walk in the park."
Kevin gagged. "You're disgusting."
Castiel leaned back in his seat, hugging Jack a little tighter. "I don't see what's so great about some thrice divorced B-list action star anyway. He isn't so special."
"Sure. I'll wake Dean up."
Gabriel spat the mouthful of chocolate back into the cup. "Wh-what? H- Wh would you ev- I don't know wh-"
"Hey, Ann," he said to his sister, wringing his hands, "where is the, uhm, cooler?"
"You look like you just got married!"
His son nodded. "Of course.  Does this mean I can come with you on your next fishing trip?"
He didn't bow on his way in.
While they kissed, the memory of that night creeped into Castiel's brain. He tried to push it out, just focus on Dean, but it wouldn't leave. Reluctantly, he moved hus head away and Dean whined, chasing his lips.
"Nah, I think I'll keep him." Jack was carried across the schoolyard and gently lowered next to the back door of Dean's Impala. "How was school, kid?" Dean asked as he opened the door.
"It's kind of late," Cas pointed out. "I think you should head off to bed."
"What are you doing over here?" his dad asked.
Dean rolled his eyes. "It's just paint, Cas. Take it easy."
"I know girl," Dean soothed, patting the dog on the head. "Confused they're not in the stalls at home, aren't you?" Miracle tilted her head back and licked his palm.
"Oh, no. I can't let you do that. My dad gave me some cash."
"I dunno... maybe we shouldn't do this."
The dog looked shy. -I think she calls me 'Banshee'.-
Dean smirked.  "I'm twenty-seven, I think I'll be fine."
"I'm sorry. I am... not in the mood right now. Sorry."
Jack tilted his head. "Do you guys do that? It looked like it hurt."
Luckily, he didn't. Cas had asked him about his family, his job, what Kansas was like, and what Dean did at school. The Winchester couldn't stop smiling the whole way back to the chalet.
"Getting my cock sucked by a woman is not on my bucket list. And I would never do anything with my boyfriend's relative."
Shaking as he held onto Miracle, Dean squeezed his eyes shut and buried his face into her fur, breathing in her smell and mumbling "It's okay" over and over. He wasn't sure if he was talking to the dog or himself.
Cas picked Dean's hand up and kissed his palm, and Dean blushed.
"Isn't there a reason they're 'ex's?"
Castiel, looking incredulous, growled out, "Th- just pa- it is not 'just paint'. It's the whoopie cushion when I'm on an important call. It's the fake toilet paper when we have tacos. It's the cups of cold water when I'm showering. It's th-"
When someone, sometime later, banged on the door, Castiel growled at them to fuck off. The guy banged again, making the lock rattle.
"He likes you better a- hey!"
Mary laughed. "Dean has been in such a good mood since he met Cas."
Castiel took this answer, deciding to be as close to the truth. "Jack's sixth birthday." The boy had burst in, Kelly behind him, and dashed to the back of the store where the children's books were. Castiel's employee, Kevin, had gone to the bathroom and Cas was in one of the chairs in the back, Dean on his lap and the two furiously making out. Anyone in the front would have been unable to see them, and Jack had shaken Dean's leg until the two men looked at him. Castiel smiled when he remembered how excited his boyfriend had been at the time to show the boy some of his favorite books from when he was a kid. "They, uh, came to my bookstore so he could get some books. As presents. And Jack quickly became one of my favorite customers."
Dean sat on his bed and started unbuttoning his shirt. "How long will you be staying here?"
Apparently though, there was something he didn't notice that he really should've.
"Yeah, man," his daddy replied, and sounded pleased so Miracle wagged his tail. "Pretty, smart, funny. She's great."
"No, I am," Castiel explained. "He's the bisexual vegetarian."
The female slid her chair back and walked out of the kitchen. Bones glared at her as she left, and Miracle could feel his anger. He let out a huff. His cousin was being dramatic.
Jack was grabbed from behind and lifted upside down. Gravity made his shirt slip down over his eyes and block his view, and someone grabbed each of his hands and he was tossed onto the couch. Maggie and Kevin jumped onto the cushions on either side of him, making him bounce a little in the air.
When Gabriel opened the door to the Kline house, he heard the sounds of several running feet and chairs scraping against the floor. He saw Alicia push Fred's wheelchair through the entrance to the dining room.
Dean crossed his arms. "You lying?"
"Uhm... there are some leftover cheeseburgers in the fridge.  From last night... I cooked them."
"No, I can hear her," Sam insisted. "She's saying 'make your sexy husband a grilled cheese'. She's very adamant about it. You should listen to her."
"That... that is terrible," Kelly whispered, tears dripping down her cheeks.
"Ugh. Fine."
"Yeah I see. Good job."
Six empty beer bottles surrounded the empty Taco Bell bag on the floor, and the bottle in Jo's hand was half empty. The TV was on, loud as usual, playing The Open House on Netflix. Jo and Sam were laughing, making fun of the movie, leaning close to eachother on the couch. The comforter was bunched up behind them and a pillow between them was the only thing keeping the two from touching. Dean had dragged in a chair from the kitchen and sat, arm crossed, glaring at them, while Cas sat on the floor next him.
As Castiel reached over to the drawer, the bedroom door burst open and Sam came in.
"That's just a typo. It's this ridiculous holiday the greeting card companies and florists cooked up together to turn a profit. It's a scam. You're almost four, how come you've never heard of it?"
"Been in love with him."
Cas kissed Dean's fingers and stood. "Another time." He started to pull on his pants. "Jack and I have a meeting with some angels."
Later that night, after texting Sam for awhile to remind him about safe sex and a dinner of pizza, donuts, and ice cream, Dean and Cas were in Dean's bed, blankets a twisted mess around them.
"I should've guessed," Cas mumbled.
Jack Sr. let out a loud laugh. "Girls, girls. Calm down. One question at a time."
"Naw. Just her. We had an extra two day pass to this place because..." Dean licked his lips, feeling that pang again. "Uhm, we just had an extra." He forced a smile.
"For what?"
"Oh, how wonderful," Helen replied. "I know how much he hates kiddie pools."
Cas nodded slightly then leaned forward to kiss him. Dean kissed back enthusiastically.
Smiling, Cas slowly closed the door and went to get the cart. Remembering to lock the door, he quietly and quickly put the knife back and the groceries away. He came back into the bedroom and slipped in behind his husband.
Dean's eyebrows raised. "Buncha pigs, the lot of them... oh! Where the damn hell are my manne- Cas come meet everyone." He pulled the doctor closer to the other firefighters and pointed to each in turn. "You already know Benny. And that's Layla, Stevie, Jesse, Rufus, Linda, and Annie. And uh..." Dean looked around. "The captain... is... Where's Bobby?"
"Amen."
"But... he kills monsters for a living," Claire pointed out. "Aren't airplanes like a thousand times less scary than vampires or skinwalkers?"
Cas's lips felt soft against his own, and he pushed down a moan that threatened to escape his throat. He slid one hand against Castiel's cheek and the other he buried in the older man's thick damp hair.
"Oh, good." Castiel released his dick and shoved Dean until his head hit the bed. He stood up and started stripping his clothes off, and took his time doing so.
"Be careful, little guy," Cas told it before heading back to his and Dean's room. "He's gone, Dean. I put him outside. You can come down now."
"Deliciousness!" Claire answered.
"Looks and smells gross," Kaia commented.
"Could be a bear or a raccoon or a really angry owl. Who the hell knows."
Dean exhaled through his nose. He was still grumpy and the trip to the movie theater didn't help. He didn't even like horror, he preferred Westerns and Rom-Coms.
"Oh, you live here? I live there," Cas pointed to his house. "I'm Castiel. Are y-" The guy rolled away before he could finish his sentence.
"She can be infuriating sometimes but nah. I'm not gonna dump her. Yet." She let out a laugh. "I'll see what gross vegetable thing she tries to get me to eat when I get home."
"Oh, mommy is so sorry honey," she cried as she held Jack tightly.
"Was that sex?"
Dean kissed him, open mouthed, in response. He tasted like grape bubblegum. Castiel rubbed the younger man's sides slowly, feeling the tightness of his body. They broke a part and Dean handed him something.
"I'm... I am so absolutely sorry, Dean," the college student looked the eighteen-year-old in the eyes. "I made you come here and you got hurt."
"I would love to." They stared at each other for a minute .
"Hey, there's a rest stop," Gabriel interjected. "One more mile. Stop there and I'll repeat your whole spiel to him. You need to stretch your legs. Then maybe I could drive the rest of the way."
Dean shrugged.  "Fishing. Swimming. Normal stuff I guess."
"I'd rather have bacon and eggs."
Dean shook his head. "You probably got Kaia grounded."
Cas looked at him softly. He went into the bathroom and Dean stretched out on the bed, tapping his feet together. Cas came out a minute or so later with a damp washcloth and wiped him down.
Dean walked a few steps down the sidewalk, away from his car. Cas watched him grab fistfuls of his hair. He stopped and turned back around. "I have been feeling like the biggest asshole for two fucking months!"
"Who is Ruby?" Cas asked over Dean's shoulder. "What happened to Eileen?"
"Sure."
Castiel smiled.  "Thank you, but no. I promised my brothers I'd start a bonfire. It was nice meeting you both." He turned to Dean and gave him a small wave. "Bye."
"No. No talking while I am talking." He pointed at Dean. "You.  You are a spoiled, insecure, brat."
Cas hummed. "I've never made them. I've never even tried them."
"She took my Luke," Jack stated.
👨🏼🚒❤🧑🏻⚕️
Jack shrugged in response and climbed into the car. He put his backpack on the floor and buckled in. Unzipping the bag, he squeezed his teddy bear's ear.
A black and white soccer ball rolled in front of Dean, startling him.
"Because I w- I was trying t-" he sighed loudly. "Just... just get over here. Please? What are you even writing? A recipe for more garbage food?"
"Y-yeah..." He cleared his throat. "What, uhm, what about Ash? What'd she say about him?"
"I think Maggie would have gotten you," Kevin stated. She was at the movies with her dad and a girl from her class.
"They are not."
Dean bit back a laugh. "How 'bout a beer?"
Dean nodded. "Its goi- supposed to be a surprise. I never thought about college but then I met you and I just... I know it's dumb 'cause it's gonna be your last y- year and we can just s- s- see each other a lot, but I just thought it would be nice t-"
"How long what?"
"No, no. That's not it. You are quite beautiful."
"Oh," Cas whispered when he figured out what had happened. Immediately, he took of his suit jacket and handed it to Dean, who wrapped their crying and wet daughter in it.
Dean looked at the tray on the stove. "Pigs in a blanket! Awesome."
"Not really."
"That better be Cas," he mumbled. He knew it was, he could smell the vegan soap and his undeodorized body.
The boy nodded and hugged his doll. "Can we finish the show please?"
The kids giggled as Castiel lifted Dean up, holding him in place by the back of his thighs. The Winchester wrapped his legs around Cas's waist and put his head on his shoulder. The snoring started again immediately.
"You could apply for a fulltime position," Dean suggested.
"Just leave me here," Dean heaved, gingerly folding his body on to the dirt pathway. "Come back for my dead body later."
"They named her that?"
"Kiss 'im, Mommy," Jack encouraged. "You have to, it's the rule!"
Alastair stayed quiet, and Dean couldn't see from where he was standing, but he was pretty sure the man was staring daggers at Jake.
John nodded to the kayak. "You been doing that long?"
Dean bit his lip as he stared at Castiel. "You still got some on your right ear."
When he was running back in, he skidded to a halt.
"Do you even know how to play that?"
"Why?"
At around three AM, Dean's bladder woke him up. He yawned and got out of bed and went to piss, and when he walked by the living room, he squinted inside. There was light flashing from the TV, the sound barely audible. Jo was half on the couch, the comforter on the floor, snoring away. On the floor, Castiel was curled up in a ball, shivering. Dean picked the blanket up and covered his apparent boyfriend's body with it. Back in his room, he noticed the guitar was back on his dresser, and Sam was on the sleeping bag on the floor. He quickly fell back into a dreamless sleep and didn't wake again until his alarm went off at 8.
Dean poured a generous amount onto his salad and takes another forkful. Nodding, he continued chewing. "Tolerable."
Cas hummed in response.
"Does it still hurt?" Maggie asked, munching on a stick of celery.
"Ah!" Gabriel brought the fingers of his right hand and thumb together in a gesture that said "Be quiet". "You really think my brother would ever cheat on you? This man thinks the sun sets and rises with your say so." He put his hand up when he saw, from the corner of his eye, Castiel open his mouth. "I have had to listen to him for the past three years bitch and moan about you. 'Dean screeched at a college kid today for asking for my number', 'We had to leave the restaurant early because the waiter called me "handsome"', 'A dog walker at the park almost called the police when Dean yelled at him'. You're unhealthy bullshit is the bane of my existence. Yet, against all logic, Cas loves you more than anything. What he did that night was fucking stupid, but so are you."
"Uh huh," Jack responded absentmindedly.  Dean went on talking about her, and the boy tuned him out.
Cas had no doubt they'd all fit in the Winchester house. The place was huge; eight bedrooms on three floors and two sets of bunk beds in the attic. Plus the guest house in the back had two large bedrooms. All the kids that visited who could stand to be away from their parents for more than 15 minutes stayed there. Dean was always the chaperone, and the past two years Castiel had joined him. It was fun, staying up late to watch movies and play games. He thought Jack would enjoy it, the boy seemed happy to be with his family, but Castiel knew being around kids your own age was a lot more fun. The youngest people there were Kelly's cousins, Alicia and Max, and they were in their twenties.
"Claire called. She's in Lebanon and wants to come over for a couple days."
Maggie, sitting across from him and peeling cucumbers, put in, "Before my parents died, my mom was always pressing my dad to eat more vegetables and fruits and junk. He liked to call himself a 'meat man'. I don't think it meant what he thought it meant."
A groan slipped past Dean's lips. He cleared his throat. "Uhm, what happened with Jo?"
"Yeah, for you. Damn jacka-" Dean gasped when Castiel gave a slap his balls.
"Hey, Cas."
"Should've gone to Alaska for Spring Break," he muttered as he headed to his PT Cruiser. It was parked right in the front of the house. His father's SUV and sister's Mercedes were crowding the driveway.
"Oh. I did not. You are a very good doctor."
"Surprise!" A blonde haired woman, cheeks pink from the cold, wearing a backpack and holding a suitcase ran by him and into his apartment.
Maggie giggled. "Oh, by the way, how is Claire?"
Cas kissed his neck "Of course. Happy Valentine's Day."
Flaring his nostrils, Dean said, "I thought we were going to some kind of drive-in breakfast movie thing. I was too tired to ask anyway. You threw us in the car pretty late last night."
Cas thought. "Hmmm. I could buy you a bell? Or a laser pointer."
"Help away."
"This music is terrible," Jack commented.  "And what's that smell? And where are the bath toys? This looks so boring."
Reluctantly, Dean opened his eyes and let out a huge breath of air when he saw the bright blue sky. Taking a moment to enjoy the stilled car, he looked at his hands and saw that they were shaking, probably from fear and cold. His still wet clothes clung to him uncomfortably. With a shaky breath, he guided Miracle off of him and crawled over to the door, opened it, and stumbled out of the car.
Dean crossed his arms. "I need protein." He stuck his tongue out at Cas and blew a raspberry.
Kelly blinked "W-what? You like..." she pointed to herself, " me?"
"Fievel and Tony are the best," Maggie said. "They're so cute!"
Castiel crossed his arms. "Ben went to a movie with Owen and Jesse Jr. And your parents are out back in the pool with the twins and Emma."
Dean stood up and looked down at him. "You said 'boyfriend'."
"I'll take this to go, Garth," Dean's voice said to Jack's teacher.
Castiel rubbed his hands together. "I... guess you're right."
"I thought they tasted weird," Layla said, covering her partially eaten cupcake with a napkin. Everyone else had taken seconds.
While Cas put on his trenchcoat, Dean slipped on his Led Zeppelin hoodie, and the doctor gave him a curious look.
Cas took a drag and blew it into the direction of the wall above the toilet. He offered it to Dean, who shook his head. Cas took another drag and held it, staring at him, eyebrow quirked.
"Right. Okay." Jo looked around the living room. Her gaze settled on the couch. "I guess this room is occupied."
"Hey," he said back.
The waitress came over then, and as she introduced herself she gave Cas and his suit an odd look, but she didn't comment. Cas told her they were ready to order and Dean ordered a beer with his burger and fries, and he gave Cas a smug look when he was finished.
"Oh, but it could bite me? Get rid of it."
"You can't taste the difference, Dean."
Dean sat back at the table and buried his hands in his hair. He stared at his cereal for a few seconds before deciding he didn't want it anymore and pushed it away.
"You and Dean, huh?" Max sipped his screwdriver and swiveled his body on the stool. "How long?"
Castiel shook his head. "No, I have my own apartment a few minutes away. I come by sometimes to babysit my younger siblings."
Reluctantly, Castiel pulled away. "Uhm... I, uh, g- have another surprise for you."
Dean rubbed the back of his neck and looked at his suddenly interesting carpet. He tightened his robe and was about to ask another question, but was interrupted.
Dean laughed. "Yeah, right."
Dean thought back to the past few weeks. He drew a blank and shook his head. "No?"
"Good evening, this is The Green Star, Maggie speaking. How may I help you?"
"Yeah, but nobody cares," Gabriel replied.
"So you work in an office and you got your computer and your desk? That is so fucking weird!"
“You're here to say goodbye?” Sam nodded weakly,
“I'll be here for you as much as I can be.”
“Goodbye Dean,” Sam whispered.
“Cas?” Dean croaked with a smile, “now it's a real party.”  Cas smiled wanly at the comment,
“Well, you and I, are going to live our lives.” He said, looking at Sam with a sloppy mixture of pity and pain, “we'll save lives, we'll guide the other hunters, we'll have pie night once a month, and we'll watch bad movies and wear cowboy hats, we'll move on, together. It's going to be painful, it's going to hurt so much, but we're going to live, and we're going to do it in his honor.” Cas spoke, his gravely monotone, he ran his hand gently through Sam's hair, calming him down.
“This was for real. It was for me.” Cas responded, laying his forehead on Dean's neck.
“Aspiration pneumonia,” Sam said weakly,
“I love you Sammy,”
“Dean, don't think this too forward.” Cas said quietly, raising up and kissing his cheek.
Sometime, in the not so distant future, blocking out a cacophony of the dying, and the cries of the damned, surrounded by eerie antiseptic creatures masquerading as protectors, a dark haired man sat in isolation. Here for the paycheck they bustled past, clipboards with hastily scribbled notes in hand. Uncaring, quickly on to the next room, the next person, the next problem to be solved. Wringing his hands, the aforementioned man slouched forward, biting at his cuticles as shivers rolled through his spine with each person strolling by. Each new doctor bringing the promise of more information, and with every new piece of information his eyes sunk further into his skull, marred with so much baggage he was going to have to get it checked - this was no carrion. Not yet anyway. Soon though, odds were soon. That much he had gathered through the wispy glances and broken stares the attending doctors and nurses gave him.
“Dean put you first, always.” Castiel mused quietly,
“When we were 13 and 17 I got really sick, our fake insurance had run out, and somehow he made enough money to cover the minimum payment on the hospital bill overnight. He said he found it, but I know that's not true, I could smell the cologne on his jacket and saw the hickies on his neck, saw the way he walked in as of he was in pain. I know what he did for me. I know what I meant to him. I never got to repay him for that, he wouldn't allow it.”
“Guys, it's getting so cold.” The two boys held him tighter as he shook, Cas sneaking little kisses on his cheek, Sam rubbing his arm gently. They spent hours sitting there, in the tiny shack, huddled together, a group of three one last time.
“Not at all, Cas.” He said quietly, stifling a cough. He lay his head back down.
“Mr. Winchester? We are sorry to inform you that Dean has passed away. We are so sorry for your loss. We will need you to come in to file the proper paperwork -”
“It probably got cold here when you started running a fever a few days ago.”
“Wouldn't want to do anything to jarring.” Cas said, “might cause undue stress” Cas stressed the words, looking directly at Sam,
“I miss him.”
“When we were kids he's always pretend things were better than they were, it doesn't surprise me he tried the same with how he felt in purgatory. I feel bad that we left him.” Sam added quietly, this was the first time he'd left the hospital since Dean had been admitted,
“Maybe this isn't the best time.” Cas said quietly, the boys looked at him,
“Did Dean ever tell you?” Sam asked quietly, Cas squinted, “he, he wanted you, he wanted to be there for you and be there with you, he had dreamt up this, this life with you, he felt he could never, could never deserve you, could never have you, that it would go wrong, he also had trouble - he never so much as said the word 'bisexual’ to me, but he came up to me one day and just said 'I love him Sammy’ and I just knew. That's all he had to say. He was in love with you, he would've died for you, but he wouldn't risk your friendship. He wouldn't take the leap.” Cas’ eyes were red, biting his lower lip gently he nodded subtly. His jaw began to quiver,
Maggie ended up winning the first round, much to Jack and Kevin's chagrin.  She jumped up from her position after Cas fell from trying to get his left foot from yellow to blue.
"I know Jack, can you ple-"
She sat up straight. "I know a great one! It's about vampires." She pointed to the fangs dripping with blood Dean had painted on her.
"We. We, Cas. We have a baby. What, you think he's only yours 'cause we used your sperm?"
"Dean took Kevin and Claire home," Castiel answered, rubbing Jack's back.
Jack bit his lip. "Did... did your mom stop givng you attention?"
"I'm not gonna make the same mistake that dumbass did. Who is it?"
"Happy monthaversay," Cas said, grinning.
Castiel slipped his tongue into Dean's mouth, and the man was pliant as Cas took control of the kiss. He tasted peppermint, and he wondered if Dean had eaten a candy cane.
"My dad is your patient though," Dean pointed out. "Not me."
His mom ignored him. "Don't you think it's a little bit, I don't know, unethical to date your father's doctor?"
Jack snorted. "That's just not true."
"He isn't all bad. Every Sunday, when we get home from church, he makes everyone pancakes."
"'Kay," Jack mumbled. Making sure his army men stayed in their positions on the floor, he followed Dean into the living room.
John pointed at something in the distance. "I can see them from here, he's kayaking this way."
At their home, after they had cleaned Claire and put her and her brother into clean pajamas, they all sat in the living room with pancakes Dean had baked. The kids were sitting on the floor watching some cartoon, and Castiel was on the couch, Dean snuggled up close to him.
"Dad, she's like a hundred."
"When can I go home?" the boy had asked after they were in the apartment for two hours. They were on the couch, watching Spongebob Squarepants.
"Sure. Why not?" He was right behind his dad as they made there way to the cardiologist's office. The doctor in question was sitting behind his desk, little knick knacks lined up in a neat row near its edge. The two Winchester men took their seats and when Dr. Garrison looked up from the form he was writing on, Dean's jaw clicked as it dropped open.
"You mean besides all the donations to charities?"
"I- wha- huh? Is who here?"
Jack squinted at his uncle. "But-"
"Was that sex?" Jack asked.
"Ah. I see. Anything on the agenda for today?"
"That really sucks, man. I'm sorry."
"Don't do that," Cas said, rubbing the Winchester's back.  "It's the last one. Why don't you guys just watch the movie?"
Out of his peripheral vision, the light fom on top of Dean's side door lit up, and someone came outside. Peering closely, Cas saw it was Dean, still in his Superman shirt, but he had changed his jeans to short green pajama bottoms. In one hand he was holding his rollerblades and in the other was a bottle full of some drink.
Dean, annoyed, snatched his appendage back. "Stop acting like a mother hen. My skin is fine, I'm fine. Healthy as a horse. "
Dean touched them self-consciously. "They're prescription. Had to get them when I started wrestling in high school."
"Sam told me. Why didn't you tell anyone you were leaving? We were worried."
"Where the hell are you going?" Dean asked, annoyed.
Sam looked thoughtful. "Hm. I am pretty sure she doesn't live around here. She said she was gonna stay with her older brother for a bit. Maybe I'll see her again soon."
-Why?- Banshee asked, sniffing the ball suspiciously.
Dean had already given Castiel to rundown on his teammates the week they met, pointing  to each one in the picture on his wall. Still, the college student felt nervous officially meeting them.
"Aw, come on, Mom," Dean whined. "Why do you always have to find some kind of fault with all my relationships?"
"Oh that's the important thing, huh?"
"She's eating. Leave her alone and get up." He grabbed Dean's hands and pulled him off the bed, walking him out the door and into the hallway, ignoring his whining.
"I fucked them up," he muttered. "I just know it."
"She asked for help."
"Charlie didn't use her gaydar to see that rainbow flag on Cas's face?"
"Does sh-"
"That's a sign of old age," Jack whispered to his friends.
Walking into the drugstore, Jo headed straight down the aisles and Sam followed Dean as he walked toward the freezer section.
Dean let out a yelp and Cas rubbed at Jack's shoulder. "I don't think that's making him feel any better. Where did you see it last Dean?"
Afer cleaning up, Dean and Castiel plopped down on the couch together, Cas at the end and Dean sprawled on top of him. The two wrapped their arms around each other and the Winchester closed his eyes.
"Cassie," Gabe called out as he jogged over, Kelly and Charlie right behind him. "Hey. Dude, what is that thing doing here?"
Dean shifted in his seat. "I uh, was probably gonna u-use at some point."
"What's Valentime's Day?"
"Hey, mistletoe," Charlie called out, walking by with Jack at her heels. "You know what that means!"
"You can think that if you want to. It's not true, but we can pretend it is."
Sam grinned. "Nope! But I'll try!"
Castiel followed Dean out the driver's side and as soon as he locked the car, Cas picked him up and threw him over his shoulder. Dean stared at the cracks in the concrete as he bounced against the man's back.
When he finally got back to his and Sam's room, his heart was pounding hard against his chest. His phone beeped with a text.
"Do you need a receipt?" Mr. Fitzgerald asked.
"Just the thought process of pharaohs who ordered these triangular structures to be built," the nine year old stated while he used the mashed potatoes to keep the chicken nuggets in place.
"Well, I'm not denying that."
Cas carried him out of the park and handed him off to his waiting mom. Sam was standing close by.
It took Jack an hour to fall back asleep.
"We need to find Sam," Dean said, tugging Castiel in a different direction.
"Yeah, Cas. Please?" Dean drew out the "please" and made his voice high-pitched.
"Yeah, well," he shrugged, "what're ya gonna do? Life huh? Foster care wasn't the worst. There were some good families among the shitty ones. When I turned 18, I took off for Manhattan and didn't see Cas for four years until he found me. Apparently he'd graduated high school early and went looking for our shithole father. I thought that was a pretty stupid idea; he was basically homeless that entire time."
Eileen grabbed a couple pieces. "Should we put it on now?"
Slowly sipping the bottle Jo had handed him, Cas could feel Max's eyes on him. He'd been ignoring his blind date for 10 minutes, and he knew it was rude, but he couldn't help it. It was the fourth time he'd been around Dean and his new boyfriend and he still felt miserable.
What Dean found strange about the scene, was that no one was talking. At his house, it was nonstop conversation during dinner, his parents never shut up. Cas's family was focusing on eating, and his dad, Marvin, had one hand holding a book he was nose deep in and the other held a burger dripping in ketchup. He didn't seem interested in the salad or water.
Footprints a shade darker than the carpet sporadically covered the floor of Castiel's bedroom. He'd been pacing for the past two minutes, head down and hands gripping his elbows. A stifling heat filled the room and the half open window didn't help. A sheen of sweat covered his body and he was down to a sleeveless white t shirt and boxers.
Finally, it was time for the game to start. Kevin was goalie and Maggie and him had to stay and wait their turn. Jack crossed his arms and slumped against the wall.
Sighing, he pulled the mitt off and looked at the pigs in a blanket laid out in four rows of five in front of him. They looked and smelled fine, but he was hesitant to taste them.
"That's a lie. It's two in the afternoon, why would I be asleep?"
Dean grinned. He was standing at the kitchen counter making peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for dinner. "I didn't forget," he whispered back. "She'll be fine."
"Let him go." With ease, he lifted Dean into a bridal carry. "Stop being dramatic."
Drops of rain fell onto Dean's head and before he could pull his hood up, a hard downpour started, drenching him and Cas.
"Uh... okay. Fine. Can you put your dick in my ass now?"
"Yes!" Dean cleared his throat. "I mean yes. Ju- I.... uhm. Hold on." He checked the pockets of his jeans and the one on the front of his plaid shirt. "Oh. Uh. I guess not. I might've no- I didn't drive, n-not really. I turned the heater on. But I don't know if I actually have my... my, wh-what is that thing you put your license an-and cards in?"
"Greek yogurt. That shit is gross. And what if I'm gagged?"
Cas grinned.  "It's kind of hot in here." He peeled off his shirt and locked eyes with Dean, who promptly walked right into the door.
A thoughtful look crossed his face and he shook his head. "No, I don't think that's right. I think every little activity I perform is utterly adorable." His eyes flicked to Dean's lips. "Like this."
"I could use some help with the cookies," Helen said. "You guys in?"
"Yeah," Gabriel agreed. "Me too. Jack is right, I would never in a million years date Dean."
"I don't care. You can't send me away. I don't want to live with Dean!" He stomped off to his room and slammed the door behind him.
Dean let out a breath, relieved. "That confident you'd get in my pants, huh?"
"Cas," Dean said happily, grabbing his wrist and leading him closer to everyone. "C'mon."
They were both quiet on the ride in the elevator, which arrived quickly but moved up to the eighth floor at a snail's pace. Cas took a right and Dean got a good view at the ugly yellow linoleum. He heard the jingling of a key in the lock and they were finally in his dark apartment.
The living room was almost full, and Cas could hear snatches of conversations and laughter. Gunner was probably charming everyone; Castiel's parents, along with his niece Claire and Kelly's husband, the birthday boy. And his brother Gabe and his wife Kali. Dean's mom and dad, and he was sure Sam and his wife Eileen, and Dean's ex wife and son, all fans of the actor, were hanging onto his every word. He could picture his Aunt Naomi, perched on the edge of the loveseat, wine in hand and smiling politely, while his Uncle Donnie asked him question after question. His cousins, Inias and Hannah were the loudest laughers, and were most likely thinking of new ways to tease Castiel.
He shouted into the air, heart pounding in his chest. "Dean? Dean!"
"Oh."
"I was sitting, waiting o- for you, and he poked me in the fa- cheek with a fake thermometer and asked if I needed to be 'esamined'." He used air quotes on the last word.
"How romantic." Dean looked at Cas.
"Jack," Maggie started, "go get Sam. You might break your laptop."
"I dunno. I'm, uh, busy at work. Lots of cars to fix." A confused look crossed his face. "Where are you guys, anyway?"
"Found the solvent, Jodes," a man said, appearing next to the sheriff. He was tall and and Dean guessed he was about Sam's age, and was wearing a similar uniform to Sheriff Mills's, his a chestnut brown and the nameplate reading "Deputy Talley". "There's barely any left, and I'm positive it's the last bottle."
The other boy helped him up, and the two scoured the backyard for all the foam darts  and shoved them in Jack's bag. When they couldn't find any more, they wandered over to the playgorund and sat on the broad wooden steps that led up to one of the slides. Maggie was lying across the monkey bars that connected the two slides together. Jack had shot her with the darts right after she got Cas and he got Dean.
Keeping his eyes away from Dean's face, Castiel explained. "That night, you were really upset I hadn't put on a costume, and you ignored me all night. You spent the whole time talking to Sam and Eileen and Jo and Benny and I... I got really pissed off so I decided to talk to Mick, to try and make you mad." He briefly glanced at Dean, and saw the man's jaw clench. "You didn't notice. Then Mick said he had to work early in the morning and when he was about to leave l hugged him goodbye. Benny saw and he got a little suspicious and when he asked what happened, I told him Mick had kissed me. I-I said that because I..."
Cas kept his focus on the spider as he made his way out to the hallway, up the stairs and outside. He knelt to the ground and relased the spider.
Cas bit his lip and looked away, all of a sudden feeling shy.
Dean snorted. "First you wanted nothing to do with me, now you're begging me to stay? Jeeze, Cas. Make up your mind. What do you want?"
"Morning," all three greeted.
It had just passed noon and Dean's stomach growled, thinking about the leftover pizza in his fridge. If he'd been at home, Dean would've scarfed it down already but his mom was at work and his dad had lost his glasses again, and since Sam was all the way out in California at school it was left to Dean to drive his dad around for the day. So far his dad had gotten a haircut, bought stamps and mailed a letter, withdrawn money from an atm, and picked up his mom's insulin. When the appointment was done there was just a trip to the library left and then Dean could finally go home and eat.
"No."
He didn't have to think of anything else because his dad came out of the chalet, nearly slamming the door into the wall.
Cas just blushed while Dean asked, confused, "How did you know I was a bottom?"
"That's cool kid, but I really should talk to Cas."
"Heya, tiger," Sam said when he saw Jack. He grabbed the boy and put him on his lap, giving him a kiss on the nose.
Surprisingly, Cas laughed. "It's fine. I guess I'll have to ask them why."
"C'mon babe." His mom gave Dean a quick peck on the cheek before running off with his dad.
Castiel's smile fell. "Oh. You're still going."
His mom exhaled through her nose. "I... I am just doing what any good mother would do."
"All done," the youngest Winchester declared happily.
Jack happily took the yellow mesh sleeveless shirt the goalies wore and slipped it over his blue and white uniform. He ran quickly to the net and bounced form foot to foot.
"Donate ten bucks- hic- and register your Email. It's for charity. An LGBT youth center. I am so- hic- entering." A smile graced Dean's handsome face. "I need m- hic- my card. I'll be right- hic- back."
The older man gave Dean that smile that made him weak in the knees. "Hello, Dean. I thought you might like these. They’re flowers, obviously. I mean, they’ll die eventually, but then everything does, doesn’t it?"
"Cute," Jo commented. "You got a name, sasquatch?"
"One moment please, sir."
When he was done cleaning Dean up, he put the cloth back in the e bathroom and walked quickly to his duffelbag, where he pulled out two packs of peanut butter crackers. He sat next to Dean on the bed and handed him one of the packs and a water.
"Don't say 'ass', your mom doesn't like it."
"I apologize for that. Pages are unpredictable." He noticed Jesse and smiled down at him. "Hello."
"Thank you, but no. I promised my roommate I'd watch a movie with him later." Rufus nodded, but didn't leave. "You're still here. Is there something else you want?"
"Are you enjoying the place?" the guy asked, tugging on the string of his gray hoodie.
The boy shook his head. "I'd rather play." He glared at the back of Gabriel's head.
Kelly furrowed her brow. "Aged out? You were in foster care?"
"Great. Listen, uhm, my grandpa and I compared notes and Cas is gay."
"He's cute," John stated happily.
"My roommate took him on a tour of campus," Castiel repsonded bitterly. "I had class."
She laughed quietly. "He has a nice little bell on his nightstand. It's very loud."
"God, I am so hard," he breathed.
Dean threw his hands up. "Jesus Chr- Jack what is up with that? You don't love me anymore?"
"What else?" Maggie asked.
His mom took the mike from Dean's hand and smacked herself in the mouth with it. "Is it on?" she said a little too loudly into it.
"I am very busy today, Dean. That's why I was looking for you. I want you to go to the grocery store with me."
Rufus walked over to him and, to Castiel's surprise, squeezed his shoulder. "Keep your chin up, bud."
"Yes!" Gabriel yelled suddenly, and Jack heard cheering from the bleachers.
"I don't understand," Cas said. "This isn't funny, it's just animal abuse."
With the salad finished and the meal almost done, Cas asked Jack to go collect everyone for dinner as he helped Maggie set the tables in the library. Bowls on top of plates, freshly washed forks, colorfully striped napkins Castiel had bought specifically for this meal. He also put out a pitcher of water to fill the wine glasses Sam had bought him and Dean for their one year anniversary. It was supposed to be a joke gift, but Cas thought they were pretty and used them when he drank soda.
