Anyways, if you enjoyed this feel free to review or comment or leave kudos or whatever you like.
"You know you need to attend the weekly board meeting even if I'm not there, right?"
"That's none of your business," Tony snapped.
"No," Steve said. "I'm more upset over the fact that we won't be able to do this for the rest of the day." Tony's lips quirked upwards.
He felt stupid for not realizing that Tony's fever was that high. Just one degree more and he'd be suffering from permanent brain damage. He probably should have urged him to go to the hospital sooner. Maybe as soon as they got off the plane, but the point was mute now. What's done was done and now Tony was running the risk of serious brain injury or – as he confessed to Pepper – even death. Steve tried to reassure himself that Tony was going to be okay, but if the man himself was saying that he was dying, then things really weren't looking good.
"What if this is real?" she asked abruptly. "What if the test comes back positive? What if this time, you really do die?"
"No need for that," he said. "I assure you that I'm not doing anything stupid. There's no need for you to worry. You can go about your – ow!"
"Sure, you didn't." His sarcastic tone matched the one Clint used earlier.
"No," Tony said. "God, no. I'm not as rebel to the idea of monogamy as people might think. Anyways, the naked guy is Dr. Bruce Banner. Bruce, this is Lara Conroy. Now as to why he's naked… Uh, let's just say you don't want to piss him off."
"No, wait," Everhart said. "Please, don't go."
Eventually, though, Tony began to snap out of it. Whatever paralysis that took a hold of him began to fade. He started to ease back onto his legs and got back up to a standing position, using his desk as leverage.
"Drop the formalities, Salinas," he said. "We're alone; nobody's going to know." Instantly Salinas' face dropped, and he let out a breath of relief."
"Why not?" The utter confusion on Dante's face only served to fuel Lara's anger.
Now you're probably wondering why you'll want to kill me. I mean, we're leaving off on a good note. Tony's getting help. He's going to be okay, right. Well, you'll just have to wait to find out. ...And that's where the bad news comes in.
"I'm glad to hear you think so," Cranston said before turning and heading over to her desk. "Well, seeing as it's been almost an hour and I'm sure you want to be on standby in case this was something more than an earthquake, maybe we should work out when our next appointment is going to be so I can let you go."
"They're going to grieve anyway," Clint pointed out.
"I mean," Bruce said. "She's changed her name, but they haven't had the wedding yet."
"Can you put the live video feeds from in front of the private elevator and the lobby on the TV, please?" Lara asked.
Remember kids, you never know how much of an undertaking something is going to be until you actually do it.
"Captain Danvers," Steve said. "I wasn't expecting you to be here."
Luckily, Bruce and Barton caught on to what Romanoff was doing and joined hands before they even stepped out of the car. Once outside, the Avengers posed for the cameras for a moment before ascending the steps of the United States Capitol Building together. Since this wasn't a red-carpet event, the reporters remained solemnly silent as their cameras snapped away. Lara and Freeman followed behind them, standing as far apart as they possibly could with both of their gazes fixed forward. Tony glanced back at one point, smiling at Lara to reassure her that he was doing just fine. Lara smiled back, but he was sure it was gone as soon as he looked away.
Getting out of bed, Tony pressed a kiss to Steve's temple and whispered that he was just going to get breakfast. Steve made a noise, but otherwise he didn't acknowledge that Tony had spoken to him at all and continued to sleep on. Tony sighed a little bit in disappointment, but the feeling didn't last long. After all, he couldn't be mad at that adorable sleeping face for too long.
"Tony?"
"Sorry," Bruce said. "I'll let you go so you can get back to work."
"Me?" The Thunder God questioned.
In retaliation, Beta put her hand against the wall. Carol was unsure what she was doing in the low light, but then the woman charged at her. Carol managed to jump out of the way, causing Beta's fist to collide with the wall. The loud slam of concrete hitting concrete gave a pretty clear indication of what she could do; she could turn her fists into any material she touched.
"Captain." For once, Tony was
She spent an extra hour in bed, trying to decide what to do. Eventually, she had to relent that she was too tired and gave up trying to convince herself otherwise. She took her phone off the charger and called in sick. Luckily, she had barely touched her allotted amount of sick days since she started at Stark Industries so there was no way she'd be penalized for it. She also sent texts to Tony, Bruce, and Pepper. In each one she just explained what was going on and asked for updates if they were available. Once that was done, she pulled her cat, Telemachus, close to her and closed her eyes, hoping that sleep would come to her.
"Alright," Carol agreed. "But seriously, you do need to have faith in yourself to make the right choice. That second step is different for everyone. For me, it was going to AA meetings and trying to get myself into a safe routine, but I think that's probably not the complete right choice for you."
"Yes," Steve said. "There is. You're tired and overworked and you've been through a traumatic event and all you need to do to feel better is to get some sleep. Can you do that for me?"
"There isn't a brand name on it," Oswin said. "My guess would be Stark, though, seeing as it is their building."
"Why is that?" Steve asked.
"Which would be…?" Carol asked.
Duran's smirk became wider and she took a few steps closer to the window. When she really looked through it, her smirk fell. Oswin had her head down and her arms were pressed to he chest. She was clearly crying. Duran couldn't feel anything but pity for her.
Natasha allowed herself to be thankful for a second that she managed to disarm him before Clint pulled out one of the knives from his leg holster. She had been anticipating that and readied herself to go on the defense again.
"Do you need to go?" she said quietly enough to avoid being heard. Tony shook his head. Romanoff clearly didn't like it but nodded anyway. "If it happens again, we're leaving."
"Why do you do this to me, Tony?" she said. "Why?"
"I want to ask if there's any way we can help," Pepper said. "But I'm not sure how to go about it. I mean, it's not like you can see a therapist when that's the exact thing you're afraid of."
"How long?" Tony asked.
"I'm glad to hear that," he said. "I just needed you to know that story, because for the longest time I thought that was Tony at his lowest, but apparently he can fall much lower than that."
"Send him in right away." Waylon nodded and complied. A moment later, an older man with hair as red as it was the day he was born stepped into the room. If Pepper remembered correctly, his name was Dr. Fredrick Griffith. Pepper stood and crossed the room to greet him.
He was mindful enough not to shout that aloud. He didn't want to wake Steve after all, but he couldn't help but want to celebrate. It was only for half a second, but the woman on the video glanced up at the camera, giving it a full view of her face. This was exactly the break he needed! Now all he needed to do was put a name to the face.
"I'm sure," Jessica insisted. "It's Kingslayer Jellyfish venom. We only discovered those a few years ago. Your computer might not have it."
"What the hell?" he muttered to himself. "JARVIS, rewind the video back three minutes and play at normal speed." JARVIS complied, but it still wasn't back far enough. "Rewind it three more minutes." This time, Tony was faced with the same still image he had been staring at before, but after a few seconds, it changed to the post-robbery scene. "Pause." Tony leaned over his desk and studied every pixel on the screen. "Scan the video. Any sign it's been tampered with?"
"What actions?"
"No." He could see Steve's silhouette nod in acceptance.
Steve's eyes darted around the room. Just with that simple action alone, Tony knew that he wasn't alright. Steve was searching the room, trying to find an answer that would placate them. However, he wouldn't find it. Tony knew that all too well.
"No, I don't." Lara rolled her eyes.
About an hour later, the front door opened. Carol had started to doze off but was jerked awake by the sound. She rushed into the hallway with a fist set and ready to blast whatever intruder thought it smart to encroach on their territory to kingdom come. Luckily – to her relief – it was only Fury and what appeared to be a S.H.I.E.L.D. doctor.
"Already done, Agent Romanoff."
"Sir," she said. "I know this is a shock and my own response was inappropriate. For that, I apologize, but you need to calm down." With that, Rhodey took a deep breath and found his logical center again.
"No, you were right to do so," Bruce argued. "Like both of you just said, Clint was adamant about going with you. Both you and Steve were in a hurry to get downstairs and could not be waiting for another moment. It was not unreasonable for you to ask me to restrain Clint. What was unreasonable, though, was for me to unleash the Hulk, even if it was only partially. That was too big of a risk not only to the both of you, but every single soul in this tower and the innocent civilians in the city beyond. That was reckless and I need to apologize for it. I'm sorry to both of you."
"He doesn't look like much," the Titan observed. Loki bit his tounge.
to be important and how she hoped she was wrong.
Even though he had been feeling much better the day before, Tony was now feeling horrible. Not only was his headache back, but now he had an entire slew of other symptoms on top of it. His throat hurt, he felt hot, and he constantly had to resist the urge to cough. He had most likely picked up a cold from someone at S.H.I.E.L.D. as they had been the only people that he had been in contact within the past couple of days, so it was just the cherry on top of his horrible weekend. The only silver lining of all of it was meeting Steve, which Tony hadn't been expecting when he found out that the super soldier was still alive.
"Would you rather I say it in French?" Lara asked. "Con comme une valise sans poinée."
"I don't have the legal authority to arrest anyone," he explained.
"I just wanted to apologize," she gasped out. "For deceiving and almost poisoning you. I know nothing I could possibly say could make things right, but I just wanted that out there."
"What, Rock of Ages giving up so easily?" Steve resisted the urge to roll his eyes.
"It's worked for me most of my life," he said.
"Yes, Brother," Freeman said. "I didn't mean…"
I know it's technically called Bonfire Night in the UK, but here in America, we don't give a shit about that. In fact, all we know about it pretty much boils down to V for Vendetta and Anonymous. That's pretty much it.
"Wish I could say the same thing." With that remark, Duran turned and exited the observation room, not even looking back or caring if the Special Agent gave a response. She had bigger fish to fry.
"Dr. Banner," Steve said in a calm, yet commanding voice. "Put down the scepter." Bruce looked down at his left hand to see that his hand to see he had a tight grip around the scepter's center of gravity. His eyes went wide like he was surprised; he didn't remember taking the scepter.
Tony got about a fourth of the way through the packet and to that point he had not really seen anything truly negative. Granted, this section seemed mostly to address Natasha's time working in Stark Industries legal department and her observations of him from afar. So, he had not really hit the juicy parts yet. He was just starting to read about Nat's first meeting with him, Happy, and Pepper when his attention was successfully pulled away by Lara's aggravated voice.
Remember kids, the best part of any flight is when the pilot screams "bend to my will metal sky bird and bring us into the big blueness!" while the passengers chant "Sky bird! Sky bird! Sky bird!"
"Yeah," she said. "I do; all too well."
"No," he said. "Why would he be?"
"Alright, look," Clint said. "I don't want to cause any trouble. I haven't seen Stark and this has nothing to do with what's happening." The demon threw itself against the door and started scratching again. "Oh, come on!" Clint bumped his foot against the door and the scratching stopped, but it was followed by a distressed whine. "Shut up, you're fine!"
Tony reminded himself.
"I just wasn't sure if I should list anything else…"
"And I'm Rick Andreu," they greying man sitting next to her said. "Our top story tonight continues to be the break-in at Stark Industries that occurred sometime yesterday morning. LAPD released a statement confirming the investigation is active and more details will be released to the public as they continue to investigate. Still no word on the matter from Tony Stark, majority stockholder, former CEO of Stark Industries, and more recently known as the superhero Iron Man, but current CEO of Stark Industries, Virginia 'Pepper' Potts, did release a statement on behalf of the company this morning. More on that coming up in this half-hour."
"Sounds boring," he said. "What are we supposed to do? Sit here and stare at the wall?"
"First of all, flattery will get you nowhere." Tony's face fell a little bit at being so blatantly called out. "Second of all, we already have you – the owner and face of Stark Industries – going along with Duane the PR guy. Plus, if some sort of freak accident happens where both of you are struck by lightning and killed on the spot, I trust Lara enough to read a pre-written statement on the company's behalf. You don't need me there."
"Why not?" Clint knew he had to tread carefully here. He couldn't just say "because I'm married and the only person, I really want to sleep with is my wife." Although that was the absolute truth, that would end up compromising himself and his family, and while he may trust the Avengers with his own life, outside of Natasha he wasn't sure if he could trust them with Laura's, or with Cooper's and Lila's. Plus, they were in a hospital being monitored by CCTV. It wasn't exactly a secure location. He needed to be careful about exactly what he said and how he said it. He settled on vagueness as his best option.
"Right." Carol sucked in a breath through her teeth. "Well, the short version is that I flew into the building." Bruce's eyebrows knitted together.
"None took." Pepper walked over to get a closer look at Tony. "You feeling okay? You look a little pale."
"You don't understand," he said. "I don't want to do it." Finally, the gears started to click inside of Pepper's head.
Clint was on the two kids and a farm sleep schedule, which meant he was usually in bed by nine o'clock and up and at 'em by 4:15. So that meant he probably up and ready long before anyone else was and since he had no kids and no farm to take care of, that left him with nothing to do. At first, he spent his time pacing the room but found that his thoughts drifted easily to Loki and what he had done to him. Needing something to keep him focused – anything, really – he took the sheets off the bed and started tying them together. Yes, he realized how expensive those sheets were and yes, he knew the maids weren't going to be pleased with him, but it calmed his mind and made for a mostly sturdy rope.
Special Thanks to mfaerie32 on FFN for the review, Saidra for the comment and kudos, and Daughter_of_a_fangirl for the kudos on AO3! You guys all rock! :)
With that, Steve took the reigns in pushing Clint's wheelchair, and Lara and Bruce went to get the bed ready for him. Stark asked Happy if he wanted to stay and watch the movie, but he declined. With that, Natasha and Stark were left as the last stragglers into the room. Walking down the hall with him standing next to her, Nat figured that this was a good a time as any to say what she needed to say.
"What the hell?" he said. "Why are you being so mean?"
"As much as I'd like to stand here and speculate about what's going on in that over-zealous nutjob's head, our ride's here." Tony's announcement was immediately followed by the Quinjet swooping by overhead and coming to land near where Loki was sitting. Glancing around, Steve tried to find some sort of path or clearing that led up to the top of the cliff. He couldn't see one.
"We thought you wandered off," Freeman said. "Salinas had the RCMP out looking for you."
"Do you think you can handle another ride, or should we take the stairs?" he asked. Tony only responded by stepping forward into Steve's chest and wrapping his arms around his neck.
As soon as he got off work at five, Rhodey raced right over to the hospital. The crowd of reporters were still there, but so were hospital security and the police, so they were standing just clear enough for patients to be able to safely enter and leave the hospital. Rhodey parked closer to the building this time, hoping to limit the length of his walk past the paparazzi. It worked to keep his head cool to some extent, but he had to bite his tongue to keep from snapping back at a particularly pushy reporter who managed to clearly shout a question about Tony's HIV status over the din of the crowd. That was hard to walk away from.
"A bit?" she questioned. "Not totally?" Tony shook his head and a disbelieving look crossed Pepper's face. "Why? I mean you trust JARVIS with everything. I can't imagine why you'd doubt him."
"Is that what I think it is?" he asked.
"Listen, Bruce," she said. "I'm sorry I snapped at you the other day." He raised his eyebrows in surprise.
"I thought I just said it," Lara responded.
"What kind of question is that?"
"But did I? Tony, look at me." Tony hesitated before complying. Once again, he was completely mesmerized by the clear conviction in Steve's blue eyes. "Did I?"
"No," Steve said. "I feel fine."
"I think we have some around here somewhere…" he said. "JARVIS, do we have any papers and pencils anywhere around here?"
"Brother Daniel," she said. "Brother Eduardo and Brother Duane are here to see you."
Getting up and crossing the room, Stark took notice of Natasha's approach and held open his arms. Nat was slightly surprised to get such a warm welcome, especially from Tony Stark of all people, but she went along with it anyway.
Steve stared up into the portal with wide eyes, desperately hoping that at any second Tony would come shooting out and everything would be fine. The Chitauri had already fallen, so whatever Tony did must have worked, but at the same time Steve couldn't kill off the feeling of dread that was building inside him.
"It won't." The firmness in Bruce's voice was unquestionable, easily quelling any doubts Clint or Natasha might have had. The latter nodded her head approvingly.
Tony probably should have seen it coming. How he missed it, he wasn't sure. As he moved Knežević in the direction of the parking lot, the man twisted his wrists and pulled his hands up so his palms came into contact with Tony's.
It was only four words, but it made Steve's heart leap with a bit of nervous excitement. Despite that, he still for some reason felt the need to respond with…
"I can assure you, Mr. Fair, Miss
"Ding, ding, ding! We have a winner!" Pepper rolled her eyes at the remark, but quickly shifted to a more reassuring expression.
"Any idea when Barton and Romanoff are going to be flying in?" she asked, making eye contact with Tony.
"No," Bruce said. "I sent her the necklace back and that was it. I moved to Calcutta shortly after." Lara nodded.
them – for their sexualities made him wary of this kind of thing. However, he was coming to understand that things had changed. The world was more accepting. Homosexuality was not considered mental illness anymore. Mental health practices were not as arcane as they were ninety years ago. Tony was not going to get arrested or killed by doing this. No one would allow that to happen.
"Okay," Oswin said. "Whatever you say. Now, what should I be looking for in here?"
If you're wondering why this is getting posted later than normal, that's because I got a new laptop. Not happy about how much I had to spend to get it, but it'd be impossible to live my daily life without one, so it was necessary. Anyway, enjoy the chapter.
"You've got it," Steve promised.
"I don't believe I am ruining anything," JARVIS said. "I was merely advising you as to what might be in your best interest."
Standing up, Steve tried stretching to see if that would make him feel better. It didn't do much, as expected but he shrugged it off. Pulling open the door, he was unsurprised to see Lara standing there. It was probably around wake up call time, after all.
"Are you okay now?" she asked. "Do you want to talk about it?" Nina nodded in the affirmative and Oswin took a deep breath. "Alright, lay it on me."
"It's a start," Steve said. "If we can narrow it down the number of facilities…"
"Figures," Tony said. "Resentment doesn't suit him at all."
"Okay," Freeman said as Adoniram opened the door for him. "Will do." He took a step through the doorway before turning around to face Adoniram. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to gush, but thank you again, Brother, for this wonderful opportunity. It is truly an honor."
"Uh, no one sir, as of yet," the officer said. "This is about a different matter. We received a call this afternoon from a Miss Lara Conroy claiming that she was an employee of yours and that she walked into your house to find it ransacked." Tony's eyes lit up like Christmas lights. "If you don't mind, we'd like to ask you a few questions."
Screaming. That was the only sound that could be heard in that house, screaming. Then, dead silence.
"I'm scared!" Stephanie ran over to her older sister and wrapped her arms around her waist.
Leaning in closer, Tony gently pressed his lips against Steve's. Since Steve was still asleep, Tony tried not to be too forceful, but the gentle whisper of a chaste kiss he ended up giving him wasn't enough to wake him. Unsatisfied, Tony broke off that kiss and gave Steve another one. This time, he applied a bit more pressure to Steve's lips and was rewarded with the low sound of "mmph."
"No, he took a distressed man back to his home to get him help," Freeman said. "It was fifteen degrees outside yesterday during the
"And to think, I was going to give you a blowjob later," he said.
"Woke up early," he said. "Needed something to do."
"And I noticed the letter looked suspicious," Clint added.
"Oh," Lara said. "I don't know why she didn't just tell me that." Bruce shrugged.
Although S.H.I.E.L.D. was formed from the remains of the SSR, and thus had extensive files on Project: Rebirth and Dr. Abraham Erskine's research, they were having trouble figuring out how Rogers was able to survive for so long in the ice and how they should go about reviving him. Obviously, no one had foreseen that Rogers was going to be frozen in ice with no direct access to food, water, or sunlight for over sixty-five years, but somehow, he managed to survive it. They tried to look for any kind of file that mentioned cold-resistance in relation to the serum injected into Rogers' body but were coming up empty. They could theorize that Rogers' enhanced healing capacity contributed to it, but other than that there was nothing for them to go on. They had no way of knowing if Captain Rogers would awaken from his coma and if he did, whether he'd be able to function as a normal human being, never mind taking on the role of Captain America again.
"Your total is $217.46." Tony raised his eyebrows in surprise. That was way cheaper than he was expecting. He reached into his jacket pocket for his wallet…
"I mean he's not in there." Steve walked around Lara and toward the bedroom. "He probably went to bed while I was asleep."
"Preventative?" Natasha questioned.
It went on and on for several minutes after the doctor and nurses left and Tony was alone in the room. He felt in danger of going insane. Luckily, at that point Conroy's sandy-blonde head popped through the door.
"So, Mr. Stark," she said. "What brings you into my office today?"
"And you need to prove that you are law enforcement to them because…?" Natasha sighed.
"You should," Lara shook her head.
"Surveillance footage?" Bruce asked. Natasha nodded.
and a bright blue light shot up into the sky. The portal was opening.
"You left it in the bathroom," Steve said as he started to get up. "I hung it up. I'll go get rid of it." He could hear Steve walk back to the bedroom.
"I thank you for hosting me in your presence, Brother Daniel," he said.
"Exactly!" Clint exclaimed while trying to suppress a cough. "Exactly…" Clint couldn't keep it suppressed any longer and broke out into a horrific fit of coughing. Again, Stark was courteous and didn't try to talk to him while he struggled to breathe, which Clint was thankful for. After a moment, he was able to pull back and catch his breath a bit but felt extremely light-headed. As he used the back of his arm to wipe off his mouth, he figured out why. A streak of brilliant scarlet was left behind; fresh blood. Clint's eyes went wide as the coughing started up again and he was forced to battle for the right to continue to breathe.
"How long ago was this, exactly?" Carol asked.
"Just call as many reporters as you can," Adoniram said. "Put a particular focus on those Stark has had an issue with in the past, but make sure Everhart comes first. She really knows how to get under his skin, if the D.C. interview is anything to go by."
Before they entered the main room where the doctors were working and monitoring them, they had to walk through what looked like a giant 360-degree shower. It was most likely used to decontaminate doctors as they went in and out of the room, but it noticeably wasn't turned on now because nobody needed to be decontaminated.
"No." Tony liked to think himself better than that, but he couldn't help but wince at the thought of all the blood that was already on his hands just in his first year of being Iron Man alone, never mind the countless deaths he was responsible for during his time as a weapons manufacturer. "Well, not unless I have to," he corrected. Stane's death flashed through his mind at that moment. "I'd be satisfied with kicking his ass so hard it's sore for the rest of his life sentence." At this point, the suit had almost fully assembled around him and Natasha came sprinting from whatever dark corner of the lab she had wandered into.
"Excuse me?" he said. "We just had one of our biggest avenues of publicity cut off! Do you know how many people joined us because they saw our services in and around Avengers Tower? This is going to be a detrimental blow to our recruitment efforts! How can you be so nonchalant about this?"
"Completely," Salinas agreed. "I had to throw out all of the food in my house just to be on the safe side."
"I understand your hesitance," she said. "But we do need your help. Stark's unavailable for the foreseeable future and you're the greatest mind we've got."
"Because of whatever that struck the Tower?" The grogginess must have really had a hold on Clint, because he still wasn't quite getting it.
"Cheeseburger," he said. "They still make those?"
"A very serious one," Tony said. "Potentially armed combatants, explosives, mass casualties…" That was the best way he could think of to put it without coming across like a complete loon. After all, who would honestly believe that a Norse God was about to unleash an army of alien invaders from the sky. "The area needs to start being evacuated now."
"Somewhere safe," he said. "I know of a place."
Remember kids, the world isn't as terrible of a place as it seems sometimes.
"Uh, just Oswin," she said, taking his hand.
"Thank you." Tony wiped off his face as best he could.
"Report the weather?" Knežević's palm met his face. It was obvious she was incredibly intoxicated – what person in their right mind would admit to grand larceny to a total stranger unless they had a few – but at this point, it was more annoying than entertaining. "Oh! You mean the robbery thing!"
"What is it?" he asked.
Natasha glanced over at Steve a few times and found him to be motionless, staring up at the ceiling. Each time she wondered what was going on in her fellow Super Soldier's brain, but she eventually decided that she didn't want to know. After all, the worst-case scenarios he was likely imaging for Stark could easily be happening to Clint, too.
"There was a major explosion," Duran explained. "One house was completely leveled and a few more caught on fire or were damaged. It's contained, but you can't return home just yet."
to take it off of him. He let it go quickly, though, seeing as he probably did not have time to change clothes and take care of any ramifications that came with fantasizing about Tony. There was a flaming space captain waiting downstairs, after all.
"What do you mean?" he asked.
"What do you mean?" Steve asked.
Pepper slid the elastic band back into place as she got off the elevator. She had just spent the past few hours arguing with various board members and negotiating between the hospital and police to devise a plan to keep the media away from the area. The last thing Tony needed right now was cameras in his face while he was trying to recover. It was a long and grueling process, but eventually, they worked out a plan. That at the very least was good.
"Alright," he said. "What's got you looking all scowl-faced there, Miss Killer Instinct." Natasha rolled her eyes at the nickname, but otherwise remained solemn.
Dim yellow light glowed from the panel above his head. The rest of the ceiling was a rich blue in color. He could clearly tell that something was wrong with his vision. It wasn't supposed to be that sharp, that bright…
"How did your house explode?" she asked. "Why did the police think you were in it?" Oswin let out an exasperated sigh.
"We view the surveillance footage," Natasha said. "If we see corroborating evidence, then we say something."
"Neither was I," Carol said. "Yet here I am!"
"No," Natasha said. "I got a box of the stuff in the mail two Christmases ago. No card."
Steve didn't feel like he slept that long; five or six hours at the most. Certainly not long enough to feel well-rested. It did feel like the drugs he was on were starting to wear off. He wasn't tired anymore and his senses weren't dulled, which was good because if his super-human hearing hadn't been restored, he wouldn't have heard the footsteps coming down the stairs.
"That wasn't a question," the agent's voice was deep and firm. "Step aside."
"I thought it was a pantry," he said as he went back to eating his eggs. Tony gave him an incredulous look, wondering how anyone could make that mistake, let alone Bruce. However, he just shook his head and decided not to question it. Instead, he turned back to Natasha.
Tony woke up around one. He didn't have any nightmares (at least, none that he could remember) but he still woke up feeling unsettled. His nerves were firing off nothing but warning signals, but there was no clear danger; just the darkness of an unfamiliar hotel room. He tried cuddling a little closer to Steve, like pouring sugar on an open wound; it did nothing to help and maybe made things worse. He couldn't stop worrying that there was some unforeseen danger in the room, waiting to harm him and more importantly, Steve.
"I know harsher." Lara smirked.
Originally posted to FFN on 7/18/18.
"So, there's no paint on the walls," he said. "So what?"
"I was joking," Lara said. "Don't actually answer him. It'll only encourage his behavior."
"Please tell me this gets me special rights and privileges," Tony said. "Like VIP access to the White House or something."
"I don't know what to tell you, then," she said. "I told JARVIS to protect the file because I knew it was the safest thing possible to do."
"I'm sorry about this," she said as she extended her hand. "My name is Pepper Potts and I didn't mean to interrupt you. Miss Conroy – Tony's assistant – asked me to come and check on Tony. I'm a friend of his."
Stark looked back down at the glass in his hand. He had yet to drink his share of the expired drink and seemed to be deciding whether to try pounding it back as he focused on it. However, once he spoke, it became clear that his thoughts ran deeper than that.
"Wow." The redundancy was very much unappreciated. "Well, I was also going to order a chest x-ray, but I can see now that's probably not a good idea. I don't think I'm going to be able to see your lungs, no matter what position you're in. I'll just have to settle for what I can discern from listening to your breathing. She placed the cold, round listening device on his chest. "If you could take a deep breath in for me, please?"
"Of course," she said. "Thank you for your insight, Mr. DeMarcus, Mr. Moss. I'll get into contact with you about that soon." DeMarcus nodded as he and Moss got up.
Happy and Rhodey made their way over to express their congratulations as well, which Tony was grateful for. Once everyone had been assured that things had gone well, Dr. Cranston took the opportunity to cut in.
"No," Freeman said. "You
"Alright," she said. "I'll bring him down. He'll probably enjoy the change of scenery."
"Pep," he said hesitantly.
"Then leave it urgently." As soon as Tony said that, the doors to the elevator came open, revealing that the Agent had also made his way up to the penthouse without triggering any of the security protocols. Great, now Tony was going to have to update those
"Did you see who did it?" The man scoffed.
"Then what did you want?" Stark asked.
About fifteen minutes into the movie, Bruce and Pepper returned. The burn on Pepper's face ended up being a minor second-degree burn, but thankfully it didn't appear to Bruce like the cut needed stitches. Instead, Pepper could get away with a bit of burn ointment and some pain killers. However, she had to leave the burn uncovered so it could heal properly, which left her feeling a little self-conscious. Everyone was quick to assure her that it wasn't that bad – which it wasn't, all things considered – which came to her relief.
It was bordering on midnight when the Quinjet finally touched down in New York. A S.H.I.E.L.D. medical team immediately rushed onboard once the cargo bay door opened. Once they had disappeared inside the aircraft, the first agent to emerge was Agent Phil Coulson and waiting for him was Director Fury's right hand, Commander Maria Hill.
he thought.
"Something came up that's none of your business," was the best Tony could come up with. He really hoped this medication worked. He missed having the ability to think.
Knowing that both Pepper and Conroy were going to be at the tower to celebrate their great achievement of creating the world's first self-sustaining skyscraper (or drowning their misery with champagne if things had ended up going the other way) he decided it would be the perfect opportunity to invite Steve over. With the two girls there, he'd have a bit to get comfortable and figure out what he was going to say, and once they left he planned to lay it all out for Steve; admit that he had sexual and maybe even romantic feelings for him. If Steve reciprocated, that'd be great. Then they'd figure out what to do from there; whether they wanted the whole "relationship" thing or just keep things casual and maybe work up to that. The thought of that was scary to Tony, but not as scary as the more likely result – that Steve would reject him. As much as he liked to keep his hopes high, Tony knew that this was how it would probably end up, which was why he busted out the good champagne for tonight. He got the horrible feeling that he'd be drowning his misery no matter what, and it was only getting worse now that the tower had been lit up without a hitch. Something was going to go wrong tonight. He could just feel it.
"That's okay," Steve said. "I can work with this." He pulled the pad close to him and flipped it around, so it was horizontal. Somewhat hesitantly, Steve brought one of the pencils down to make his first mark on the page. He noticed right away that the pencil he was using felt harder and smoother than he was used to. However, he quickly adjusted and began drawing the scene that he had just seen moments before through the plane window. After a few moments of silence, Tony spoke up again.
Things were silent for a while. The tension between them was palpable. Clint seemed like he wanted to argue against that, but deep down somewhere, he knew Natasha's words to be true. He wasn't responsible for Loki's actions and he needed to stop blaming himself. Nat hoped that those three words would be enough to get her point across. She heard Clint sigh as he turned his attention to the wall beside them.
"Maybe more than one," he leaned in.
"I can't get the hang of Windows 7," Lara said. "I'll just stick with this."
"They're yours?" she questioned.
The ringing was louder than ever, splitting Loki's skull in half and driving him to near deafness. Still, he tried. He fought against it, tried to remain in control. He didn't want it to take away his thoughts again. Even if he couldn't stop anything here from happening, he had to at least try.
"How did you find out?" Tony tried to snort like he had just heard a funny joke, but his nose was starting to run, so it just came out sounding pathetic.
"I'll get Conroy on it," Tony assured. Excitement began to build as he began to fly parallel to the side of the tower, taking in the bright flash of the lights on every floor as they zoomed by. Oh yes, this was just as good as Christmas, and Tony hoped it would only get better once he got back inside. It was edging closer to eight o'clock, after all.
Relieved that she had clear memories up until the point that she fell asleep, Carol relaxed back into the brick wall she was sitting up against. This wasn't the oddest place she had fallen asleep in. Going from planet to planet, trying to help wherever she could usually mean having to tough it out on the cold, hard ground more often than not. However, she couldn't say either that this was the most comfortable spot she had ever chosen. She had cricks in pretty much every part of her neck and back. She tried to stretch out as much as she could to get rid of them, but she only ended up making the pain worse.
"Hi," Steve cautiously said back.
Pepper looked down and let out a long breath. Before she could find the right words to explain, Cabe jumped in to help her out.
This isn't a note about the chapter, this is just something I want people to be aware of. We've had a rough few days here on the East Coast, first with Hurricane Florence slamming North and South Carolina and the horrific Merrimack Valley Explosions in Northern Massachusetts. All I ask is to keep the people affected by these tragedies in your thoughts and donate to the American Red Cross if you can. Thank you.
"Regardless," Freeman said. "The public wants to get to know the Heroes of New York and all of the media is practically jumping over each other to get dibs on the first interview. If we play this right, this could do an amazing amount of good for both Stark Industries and the Avengers."
"Well, it should be zero," Lara said. "Otherwise the whole thing is unequal, and you'd keep end up getting the wrong result." Bruce pulled the paper closer to him and started doing the math again in his head. He must have gotten the result that he wanted because he raised his eyebrows before looking back up at her.
"Are you okay?" she asked.
Sorry about all the technical stuff. Either way, I hope you enjoyed this chapter and be sure to leave a review!
"We have ten minutes." Steve reflected Tony's smirk and moved so he was straddling his hips and leaning over him.
"Hello!" Knežević turned to his left and saw Oswin doing exactly that.
"Wow," he said. "I've never told anyone that before."
"Are you still awake?"
"Yeah, this is a team," Tony heard Bruce scoff.
He knew the lights down in the basement were bright, but he never realized just
"Yeah?"
"Probably due to the drugs he was on and the trauma of the whole situation," Coulson offered as an explanation.
Tony winced. He couldn't outright ignore her. Not only would he be in worse trouble than he already was for doing so, but it was also an unwinnable battle. If Peggy wanted him to open the door, he'd open the door. Even if she had to stand at that door knocking all night, he was opening the door. Sighing, Tony tossed the pillow haphazardly back onto the bed, got up, unlocked and opened the door.
"Sure thing," she said. Though, when she got to the door, she hesitated. "Tony, just so you know… I'm not better than you. We're equals. Just… I hope you understand that, alright?" Tony pulled the blankets close to him as he carefully considered his response.
"Alright," he said. "I'll try."
"Show off," he muttered.
"That's right," Everhart said. "He and your father were friends." Tony could feel his whole body tensing up.
"And are you familiar with a realm called Asgard?"
"Crystal." Natasha nodded and walked past him. Once Tony shut the glass door that separated the stairway from the lab, Tony said in the lowest tone JARVIS could register, "hey, J, keep an eye on Agent Romanoff and let me know if she tries to take anything."
"And you have how much experience in public relations, Miss Conroy?" Lara groaned.
"Audrey," Knežević pleaded. He got right in front of her and took her hand. "You have to understand…" He didn't get further than that before he heard a loud, sharp scream. Seeing the fear in his daughter's eyes as she glanced down at her hand…
"That's not a common American saying?" Tony shook his head. "Wow. Okay, everything I know is a lie." The coffee maker beeped, and Tony poured himself a cup before moving to sit across from Lara at the table.
"Sir, I've turned off the arc reactor," he informed. "but the device is already self-sustaining."
Next there were the people who were supposed to be there. I.e. Stark Industries employees, restaurant and hotel staff, people who worked in the other offices in the building, etc. Some of them would sometimes cross over into gawker territory, but today they couldn't be bothered. The large amount of people just standing around created the nuisance for them. They had to fight to get to the elevators and exits. The last thing they wanted was for one of the Avengers to walk in. All it would do would be to add to the chaos and probably cause a stampede.
Seeing as he was alone and was just put through the emotional wringer, Tony figured now was as good a time as any to have a drink. He pulled the flask out of his jacket pocket, undid the top, and took a sip. He was careful not to drink too much, though. One, because he didn't want it to be noticed that he had been drinking. Two, because he wanted to make sure he had enough for later. So, even though he wanted to down the entire flask in one go, Tony restrained himself.
"Sure," Lara said. "What do you need?"
The Asgardian Prince Loki has been banished from his home realm and now seeks to seize control over the Earth using a Cosmic artifact known as the Tesseract. After taking the Cube and brainwashing a number of scientists and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. - including Dr. Erik Selvig and Agent Clint Barton - Loki now looks to make his next move. Meanwhile, S.H.I.E.L.D., in order to attempt to take the Cube back, has gathered together a team consisting of Dr. Bruce Banner, Captain Steve Rogers, and Agent Natasha Romanoff to retrieve the Cube. Tony Stark has also been called in to consult but has decided to arrive at the party fashionably late, slightly bitter that S.H.I.E.L.D.'s latest crisis ended up getting in the way with his date with Steve.
"Well, we didn't have money for a cab," Natasha said. "So, we had to walk in the snow and cold back to the hotel."
When he finally did get back into his room, he slumped to the floor and struggled to catch his breath. He extracted the disc from his pocket and once again inspected it, albeit this time more carefully. He could see that the disc was stained black from the soot, but if he wiped it off it appeared to be light gray underneath. Pressing the button again, he watched as the compartment containing the shard slid out. Hesitantly, he touched his finger to the shard again, only to have the same experience as the previous time. He pulled his hand away as fast as he could and took the object to his desk, wondering what the hell it was and how it worked.
"Hey, stranger," he said.
"Hey, JARVIS," she said. "Is Bruce awake?"
"I don't get a 'welcome home' kiss?" Steve let out a snort of laughter before taking Tony's face in his hands.
"This stops it." He tapped his chest where the faint glow of the Arc Reactor showed through his shirt. "This little circle of light, it's part of me now, not just armor. It's a terrible privilege."
"I told him I wouldn't," she said. "I just wanted to know because they're doing an
Once onboard the plane, a dark-skinned bald man stood up to shake hands with Tony. He made quick work of introducing the man to Steve and Bruce as Duane Freeman, head of the New York branch's PR department. With all introductions out of the way, Tony took the chance to get settled into one of the booth seats, sitting with his legs stretched out across it. That was until Steve came over and gently pushed his legs aside to sit next to him. Tony gave an annoyed hum at first but scooched over to be closer to Steve once he sat down.
"Really?" Natasha asked. "This is fine? You're going to exhaust yourself if you keep pacing like this." Because if he was somehow infected (which Nat highly doubted either of them were as they had both been given some form of a Super Soldier Serum) it would make it harder for his body to fight off the infection.
"No TV?" Dr. Wayne shook his head.
Steve sighed and put a hand on his shoulder, gently leading him back inside the building.
"The powder's color," Betty said, cutting him off. "It's sort of a tan/off-white." It took a second for Bruce to see it, but he could agree that the description was correct.
Then, Steve was suddenly clutching his ears. The door helped to muffle the sound (enough to the point that Pepper was looking at him strangely as her gaze went to the door and back to him) but it wasn't dampened enough for his super-human hearing not to be affected by it. It sounded like some sort of high-pitched whine and apparently it was enough to wake up Tony, as the man could be heard through the door pleading for the noise to stop. Pepper rushed forward into the room and Steve followed behind, stopping in the doorway and listening as Tony confessed that he was dying.
.) Rhodey made pancakes and bacon, which was filling enough to tide them over for a few hours. After that, they just watched mindless TV until Pepper and Happy arrived to head over to the therapist's office.
"No," the first voice said firmly. Based on the slight accent that she spoke with, Bruce could guess that it was Lara. "But given that you almost got stabbed in the eye…"
"I've had high-profile patients before, Mr. Stark," she assured. "I've never had a problem with the press; not even once."
"You've barely touched your soup," Steve pointed out. "And I haven't seen you eat much at all this weekend."
"Well, I expect you'll hear from her shortly," he said. "After all, I don't think she'd like to hear about one of her agents undermining FBI jurisdiction."
"Two minutes!" A crew member shouted over the organized chaos that was happening around them. Tony stepped into position and a makeup artist appeared from nowhere to touch up the places that had smudged and worn off since that morning.
"Okay," Dr. Cranston said. "What was your point, then?"
"For knowing something deeply personal about you without your consent or knowledge," Tony said. "I mean, if it were me, I'd be pissed off."
Also, I feel the TV show has also encouraged people to try to stage an intervention without the help of a licensed psychologist or counselor, especially since there's this warning on the Wikipedia page for interventions; "Sometimes direct interventions involve physical force [...] to capture or confine the targeted person. In such cases, the intervention may be illegal because it deprives the person of liberty without due process of law." I think we all can agree without even looking it up that's not happening at a professional intervention.
was literally seconds away from death beside her. She had no idea what to do. Her only option seemed to be "take him to the hospital" but she knew that she would be putting herself and others in danger by doing that. Not to mention, a regular hospital might not be equipped to help him. Jess honestly doubted they saw many Kingslayer Jellyfish poisonings in D.C. Unless, you know, someone tried to take a bath in the jellyfish tank at the National Zoo. That would be a sight to see.
"Hey, Steve?"
. Sliding a keycard through a scanner and completing a fingerprint and retinal scan, Fury opened the doors revealing a swath of S.H.I.E.L.D. doctors, researchers, and agents crowded into one room. Everyone was so involved in what they were doing that they didn't notice that the Director had re-entered the room. The woman standing at the center of it all did notice, though, and quickly approached the three men.
"For what?" he asked.
"I'm thinking we should talk about sex." Steve raised an eyebrow.
"I'm anemic," he stated aloud for the class.
"Your insurance," she clarified. "Who do you have for insurance?"
"Don't take the limo," Steve said. "The others still need to get back."
Bruce didn't dream anymore. He hadn't been able to since he was exposed to Gamma Radiation. Sleep was nothing but a long expanse of black until his eyelids inevitably fluttered open, allowing light in. One would think that kind of sleep would be merciful, especially for someone with his history. However, for Bruce, it wasn't. He didn't dream, but he could still think and sometimes his thinking would be enough to drive a sane person mad. He wasn't sure what that said about him, but it probably wasn't good.
"She asked you?" Romanoff confirmed this. "Why?"
"Okay," he said. "Maybe it was a different S.H.I.E.L.D. thing that shared the same name?"
Thanks to mfaerie32, Star, and the anon for reviewing on FFN and Zefirka1107 for the kudos on AO3! You guys rock!
"Why do I feel like this is less fun the other way around?" Steve asked.
"Hello?" The woman's voice on the other end of the line sounded familiar, but Knežević had to be sure.
"Hawthorne," Knežević repeated. "Is that close to here?"
"So," Clint said. "Hey there, beautiful." Laura smiled.
"What do you mean?" he asked. "I thought this was the main point of the meeting."
"Across the hall." That answer proved to be enough to keep Romanoff from following him. However, because he answered with that, it ended up being the only place his brain could think of to go. As such, he did not realize what he had just done until he was already in Pepper's office, taking in the surprised look on her face.
"I'm not going to stop worrying," she said. "Not until this is all over."
"She's right," Clint said. "S.H.I.E.L.D. can get us access to all the traffic and security cameras in the city. There's nowhere Stark could have gone where we can't find him."
"How are you alive?"
Glancing over at his other side, he saw that Steve had taken his hand again. Although, he had pulled their hands out of clear view, Tony couldn't help but feel a tiny flutter in his chest at the display of affection. Steve had never done so much publicly before. It made Tony proud, especially since it stayed like that until the speech was over.
Slowly, Tony's eyes scanned the room. It looked much like it did the last time he was in there. It had been one of the few rooms in the apartment that had been finished prior to him and Steve moving in, so Pepper hadn't touched it. Well, that was other than to get rid of all the booze.
"Yes," Everhart said. "But once he heard the name 'Tony Stark' he had to have made the connection to your father, right? Do you think there was an expectation there for you to be like him; a legacy to live up to?"
Clint immediately forced the Director to the ground as a blast was sent towards them. The whole thing was a snafu, with people screaming and machine gunfire sounding off. At some point, the man had stopped firing and had taken to stabbing the armed agents with the bladed edge of his scepter and throwing knives at them.
"It's more than actually doing nothing," Steve argued.
"A fail-safe," Natasha said. "Something to keep the diseases from spreading on a massive scale if they were to get out."
"I don't think you can help me with this, Tony," he said.
"Because it's just such an important part of Tony and his life," Rhodes explained. "I mean, it was probably the biggest turning point in his life until Iron Man happened."
"Me, too," Clint said.
"You know there's another kitchen, right?" he asked. "A communal kitchen?"
"Do you hear that, choit?" she asked the animal. "I'm your fairy godmother! How amazing is that! I'm going to make all of your dreams come true!" Thankfully, all of Lucky's dreams at that moment involved licking her face off, so it wasn't a hard promise to keep.
"Thanks," she said.
"Thanks for the offer," Stark said. "But I'd sooner take mental health advice from Elron Hubbard himself."
. I'm doing an article about your organization and I was hoping to get an interview with someone in charge."
"Beer." She laughed again. It was starting to get on his nerves. "That's all that you have?"
Opening the door, Natasha stepped into the room without a word. Sharpton turned to look at her and instantly recognition crossed her face. She knew who she was.
With that, Tony turned and uncomfortably walked out the door, leaving behind everything he just tried to buy.
"I got a nuke coming in," Tony said. "It's gonna blow in less than a minute." He'd just passed over the Brooklyn Bridge, flying over the mouth of the East River when he finally spotted the missile. Without hesitation, he took off after it. "And I know just where to put it." He quickly managed to match the pace of the missile and flew up underneath it and grabbed a tight hold of it.
"I think it is," he said. "After all, it was my idea to mix substances."
"Maybe the best course of action would be to leave him alone," Natasha suggested.
"No, you didn't," Tony said. "Don't worry about it."
"Yeah," Tony said. "I can agree to disagree, though, and I won't try to stop you." The look on Pepper's face perfectly encapsulated the surprise Tony was feeling inside.
"I think she's right," she said. "At least a little. You
He knew he shouldn't be thinking that way, but it's not like he could help it. This was a dire situation and if there was one thing Clint knew about dire situations, it was that they rarely turned out the way that you wanted them to. As tough as it was, Clint managed to push those thoughts aside as he buried his face in the (very cheaply made) pillow. Seeing as he was going to be trapped there with his troubled mind for a while, it seemed that the only way he was going to be able to escape was by getting some sleep.
After going over his diagnosis with him, Dr. Holcomb went over the medications Dr. Rawls had put him on and a few others she had added herself to help reduce his recovery time. She did note that his fever had already gone done from the scary 105.3 degrees that it was when he first came in, to a less dangerous 102.7. The only real worry she had about the infections that were plaguing him was the risk of him drowning in his own bodily fluids.
Remember kids, drugs kill.
"Did you know about this?" Bruce asked Natasha as she and Thor walked into the room. She took a step closer to Bruce.
"It's alright," Tony assured. "Even if you didn't lock the door correctly, there were at least sixteen other security protocols that should have kicked in the second an unidentified person set foot on the property, let alone got in the house. It's not your fault."
"I wasn't born diabetic," she explained. "I had a bullet rupture my pancreas and part of my stomach. The doctors were able to repair my stomach, but they had to amputate the part of my pancreas that produces insulin, leaving me diabetic."
"Why?"
"Aren't you?" Jessica questioned. Carol pulled out of the hug and shrugged.
"Tony," she said as she rushed over to him. Tony was a little surprised when she wrapped her arms around his shoulders and pulled him close. "Thank God you're here. I was so worried."
"Yes." Salinas didn't flinch at the harshness of his tone.
"Yeah," she said. "I think you've done enough for today. Go home and get some sleep." Lara nodded.
"Perfectly fine," the nurse said. "Just really woozy and tired. He could probably use some help getting back to his room." Steve nodded and proceeded to follow her down the hall. Within a minute or two he could hear Tony's voice coming down the hall, and already he didn't like what he was hearing.
The man, however, was not going to let them pass by without sharing a few words. Just as Clint was pulling open the access door for the stairs, the man spoke up.
"Steve…" Tony could feel tears pricking at his eyes.
"No," Tony quickly provided. "There was a cellist, I think… Melinda might've been her name."
After taking those few moments to think it over, Steve decided that the best way to go would be for some sort of compromise. Granted, he didn't think either party would be satisfied with that, but it was the best route out of the situation that he could see.
For a moment, she directed her gaze to the scenery passing by them but was interrupted when she felt something cold press up against the back of her hand. She turned to see Bruce holding her ice cream out to her.
Getting to the end of the street, Jessica set Tony down to lean against the snowbank. Pulling her cell phone out of the hidden pocket in her pants, Jess hit the speed-dial number for Fury.
"I know," he said. "But I won't get hurt. At least, not in the way that you think."
"What's your name?" he asked once the girl had swallowed her drink.
A sour look crossed Stark's face, but he took the bottle and unscrewed the cap. He only took about half a sip before he had to force the bottle away from him in disgust.
"At first I wasn't sure how serious to take it," she admitted. "I mean, I saw the black marks on your neck, but I didn't think anything of it until you asked me what I would do if I knew it was going to be my last birthday."
Not only that but in all honesty, Tony just wanted to distance himself from what had happened over the past few days. Going home seemed to be the best way to do that. So, he tried to argue in favor of going back to New York. The others were skeptical, worried about what would happen if he took a turn for the worse mid-flight. Tony tried to assure them that he would be fine, but his assurances seemed to fall on deaf ears. It wasn't until they got a knock on the door that everyone was compelled to change their minds.
"I rescued a dog." A surprised look crossed Laura's face.
"There should be a list on the tray table next to the bed."
in Tony's file is wrong?"
"Headache," was the only symptom that he felt the need to complain about. Pepper filled in the rest for him.
Natasha had watched Clint carefully throughout the meeting. To his credit, he seemed to be doing good. His complexion was still a relatively healthy color and simple conversation did not wind him. He even seemed steady on his feet on the way down. It made Nat think for a bit that maybe she was worrying too much. Then the meeting ended, and it became apparent that she had been right to be concerned.
"Last time I saw Tony, I gave him a method to reach me in case something big happened like the Chitauri invading again." Steve and Natasha gave her identical surprised looks. "Yeah, I know about that and I'm pissed that Fury didn't call me. To circumvent that, I gave Tony a way to get into contact with me, which was fine until he paged me five minutes ago." Tony flinched a little at her easy pass-off of the blame. However, he smoothly transitioned it into an eyeroll.
Tony struggled to keep his eyes open, but he knew it was pointless. The air was getting thinner and thinner. He may have thought to make his suits capable of deep-sea diving, but he never thought he would ever have to make them space-proof. The air was escaping quickly, and soon he would asphyxiate to death. That was alright, though. He had saved the Earth; saved Manhattan; saved Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy; saved Clint, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor; saved Steve… In the end, that was all that mattered to him. They would get to live out the rest of their lives safe. At that moment, that's all he wanted and all he could ask for.
"I can," Tony defended. "When they're not forcibly taken from me." Natasha raised an eyebrow at that, and Steve gave Tony a concerned look. "It's fine," he mumbled, eyes fixed on the ground. Steve hesitantly put a hand on his shoulder.
"It's none of your business." Tony almost pulled his foot back when he felt Salinas' hand squeeze it. Salinas felt him jump a bit and graciously stopped what he was doing and instead slipped the slipper onto his foot.
With one task struck down, Steve turned back to see Natasha standing just a few feet behind him. He jumped a bit in shock and realized that even with his enhanced hearing, he hadn't been able to hear her coming up behind him. She was good, he'd give her that at least.
"I'd shake your hand," he said. "But my hands are full with the puppy."
He pushed back from Steve, hard, more to stop himself than out of any fear or insecurity. As much as he wanted to screw Steve senseless right then and there, he was aware of that invisible boundary they had set in place. They were not going to have full-on sex until they were both ready, and right now Tony was anything but ready. Besides, having sex right now would only further delay his arrival to work. Panting fiercely, Tony felt Steve place a hand on his arm. He met his eyes immediately.
The small "thank you" Pepper gave were the only words anyone said as Rawls left the room. It was quiet for a moment. On the positive side, at least Tony didn't have an incurable, life-threatening illness. On the negative side…
"And to do that, you can't always stick to the script," she concluded.
"No change," Hill confirmed.
"Well, we're glad to provide it." Rhodey was looking at Tony as he said that and for a moment, he was able to return the smile his friend gave him.
"No problem," Happy said. "Anytime. You sure you don't need help."
"Hi," he said.
"Hey!" Oswin shouted. "What are you doing? Let go!"
"So, why didn't S.H.I.E.L.D. bring him in on the Tesseract project?" Bruce asked. "What are they doing in the energy business in the first place?"
Oh, BTW, it's Rhodey's birthday today, and even though he's a fictional character, I wish him all the best!
"Really," Adoniram said. "Do you think they could benefit from one last test?"
"Okay," she said. "You can stay in here until the nurse comes back with that spare set of scrubs. After that, you're going to have to move to one of the waiting rooms. Understand?"
"Sodium and carbon make sodium bicarbonate; baking soda," Dr. Griffith offered.
"The question is not what I would do," Loki said. "Tis what Asgard will do. They would never let you into their domain."
"Thanks?" Tony wasn't sure what else to say. "But that wasn't my point."
"What?!"
"Uh," he said. "I don't…"
"Alright," Jessica agreed, though she sounded somewhat reluctant. "Thanks for the assist, Carol. You didn't have to come. I just panicked."
"Make your move, Reindeer Games." Tony had been expecting Loki to put up a fight, and it was clear that Steve was, too, as he came to stand beside him, holding his shield at the ready. Oddly, though, Loki seemingly surrendered; holding up his hands and allowing his scepter and horned helmet to disappear into thin air. Tony raised his eyebrows. "Good move." Slowly, Tony powered down his weapons systems and lower his gauntlets. Not able to resist any longer, he took a glance at the man to his left.
"Are you sure that's a good idea? This seems kind of sketchy at best." Lara raised her eyebrows, surprised at the concern. Still, she was quick to reassure.
Right away the board was arguing about stocks. Tony would not have expected anything less. Obviously, the stocks had taken a hit after the bio-terror attack. Those kinds of things did not exactly inspire confidence in a brand. The only thing they had going for them was that S.H.I.E.L.D. and the CDC handled the situation well and the suspects were apprehended quickly. So, there was no threat of future attacks, which meant no more blows to the stocks. At least, in the board's logic. Tony was still skeptical of the situation, but he would be damned if he mentioned that now. They were trying to calm the board and his apparent paranoia would not help that.
"Well, don't," Tony said. "I am one-hundred percent, completely, absolutely fine."
"It's not like I can argue with it," Steve shrugged.
Remember kids, if it walks like a duck, and it talks like a duck, and it fucks like a duck... It's probably a damn duck!
"I'm sure," she said. "The EMTs seemed like they knew what they were doing."
Originally posted to FFN on 9/15/19.
early in the morning?" Steve questioned. "Are they crazy or is early morning drinking acceptable now in the twenty-first century?"
"Oh my gosh," she said. "I haven't seen you in so long!" She quickly crossed the room and gave the agent a big hug, which he returned. "How've you been?"
"Yeah?"
Apparently, Clint's lungs had started filling with blood and he was chocking on it. They didn't know where the blood was coming from, but regardless, they had to intubate him. It hurt, but it wasn't as bad as
SPECIAL THANKS:
"I need you to call the police," Freeman said without preamble. Everyone's heads turned in their direction.
"Tomorrow?" They laughed.
"'Anthraxed?'" Cap questioned. "Like the disease?"
"It's your call," he said. "You're the boss. I hand the reigns over to you, Winghead." Steve snorted at the use of the nickname but otherwise did not hesitate in getting down to business.
Within an instant, she was pulling her suitcase out from underneath her bed. She had removed all of her clothing and essentials from it days ago, but she was almost certain she stuffed the one particular thing she was looking for in it's front pocket shortly after that night in D.C. where she tried to play into a scam. She found that she was correct and pulled out the packet she'd been handed by Lucy the recruiter all those weeks ago. The cover page was titled
"You know you kind of deserved that, right?" Lara frowned.
"What was wrong?" Rhodey asked. Tony shrugged.
"I hate democracy," Clint groaned.
"Oh, there you are!" Steve turned to look and saw Freeman exiting the access door for the stairs. "I just ran into Barton on the stairs, he looked like he was in a rush, but it's nice to see that you're already ready nice and early this morning." It then became apparent that Freeman had caught sight of what Steve was wearing. "Well, most of you."
"My head hurts," he admitted. "But other than that, I'm just tired." He had spent most of the night waking up, realizing he still had a headache and then forcing himself to fall back to sleep. Rationally, he knew he was hungover, and that wouldn't work, but at the same time, there was a small part of him that hoped that if he just kept his eyes closed for just a little bit longer, the pain would go away. The one bit of comfort that he could find was that this wasn't nearly as painful as the headaches he had gotten from aplastic anemia if that could be considered a comfort.
"Can it, Duran," Bergeron said. "I don't want to hear it."
"What do you mean?" Romanoff's expression darkened.
"I'm fine." The hoarse edge to Tony's voice directly contradicted that statement. "I've got Steve. Don't worry about me. Just go home and get some sleep." Happy seemed hesitant but eventually agreed.
"Alright," Tony said. "I'll admit that there have been a few times where I've kind of been frustrated with the pace our relationship is taking, but you need to know that I don't want anything more than what you're willing to give me."
Remember kids, I pray for the wicked on the weekend! Mama, can I get another amen?
"It would be," Romanoff said. "But I didn't."
"Of course, I did." Pepper gave him a pointed look. "Alright, I skimmed it on the car ride there, but I think I would have noticed if the words 'baby-killer' or 'war-profiteer' appeared anywhere in there." Pepper let out an exasperated sigh.
"That doesn't make you clairvoyant, dear." Tony gave a begrudging hum.
"No." Tony winced. "How bad is it?"
"Yes," he said. "My name is Anthony Stark and I'd like to report a potential public safety threat at 200 Park Avenue in Midtown Manhattan."
"Yes, I do."
"Even if you're a bit impulsive," Laura agreed. Clint smiled.
"Oh," Bruce said. "Well, isn't that a good thing? I mean, no muss, no fuss." Lara nodded half-heartedly.
"Nope," Tony said, popping the "p." "No emergency. I'm just a stupid drunk." Salinas made a disgusted face. Clearly, the scent of alcohol had caught up with him.
Steve tried to help Tony into the car, but Tony pushed his hands away. He got into the seat alright on his own but struggled with the seatbelt. Steve took the belt from him and got him buckled up properly. Tony glared at him the entire time, but Steve didn't care. He'd rather have Tony mad at him and safe than killed in a fiery car wreck. Once Steve was buckled in, the driver glanced at them through the rearview mirror and asked where they wanted to go. Tony was quick with his reply.
"No," Tony said. "I only talked to him for two minutes. That wasn't enough time to go over the finer details of the last sixty years of world history."
"As long as they stick to the script," Lara pointed out.
"He's stable," she said. "According to Dr. Wayne, he's slowly stopped deteriorating, but he hasn't been improving either. Only time will tell. He's not the one you should be worried about, though."
"I get that," she said. "I just wish you had said something about it before. Then we could've…"
Right away, she was strapped down and restrained. Although she had demonstrated that she was perfectly ambulatory, the EMTs insisted that she could have unseen injuries either from the blast or the building coming down on top of her. Carol was highly doubtful of that, given that she had been in much worse explosions and came out the other side no worse for wear but the completely human EMTs who likely had no idea that aliens even existed until about five months prior weren't going to believe that. They needed to stop her from moving to prevent her from aggravating injuries, and she had to let them do their jobs. So, Carol was strapped down to the stretcher and had two blocks placed on either side of her head to prevent her from turning it. The only upside was that she got to look at the evening sky up until they loaded her in the ambulance. It was a soft shade of golden orange; very pretty.
Right?
"Yeah," he said. "I'm not entirely proud of what I had to do there."
"Uh, ma'am?" Bruce questioned.
of them by yourself. Even with Neshchich guy helping you, it wouldn't have been enough. There's someone else you're protecting, and I want to know who it is, right now!" His fist slammed down on the table, causing Oswin to jump for a second. It didn't last, though. She shrunk back into her chair and hunched her shoulders, looking down. She bit her lip and tears came to her eyes. Duran knew what she had to be thinking of. It was written all over her face.
"Are you sure?" The question came out as more of a demand. "You've already taken the first step. Why not go all the way?"
"Flight?" Conroy questioned. "You have a flight? When? I didn't see that on the schedule."
"Wait for a second, 'potential terrorist threat?'" an alarmed-looking Pepper said. "You didn't mention that before."
They had been at the party for a little over an hour at that point. They had walked around, schmoozing and mingling as they were supposed to and eventually, they all had decided to take a break to sit down and enjoy some of the appetizers the servers were handing out. Tony couldn't remember what it was they were serving since he ate his already, but the others seemed to be enjoying whatever it was. So, he just shrugged and started to pick up his glass again.
"I missed you, too," Loki laughed.
"Is Auntie okay?" a voice Knežević hadn't heard use proper words before asking. He could feel his heart start to soar all over again.
"I don't know," Steve said honestly.
be used against you in a court of law," Hawkeye continued. "But let's face it, you're never going to go to trial."
"So, I guess that's the end of Human Resources training for today, right?" As much as Tony hated wiping that hopeful look off her face, he had to tell it to her straight.
"Isn't that on Long Island?" Steve asked.
"Oh yeah?" Tony said. "Then what does S.H.I.E.L.D. want with those files?"
"One question." Tony popped the last of his burger into his mouth, chewed, and swallowed. "What's fondue?" Steve didn't even try to stifle his groan.
Happy Halloween!
"Everything," he said. Tony rolled his eyes. "Everything I've done since this whole thing started that hurt you. I'm sorry I canceled our plans last-minute. I'm sorry for getting upset with you for trying to hack into S.H.I.E.L.D.'s files – you ended up being right about that. I'm sorry for everything I said back in the lab. The only thing I'm not going to apologize for is stabbing Banner. That was a stupid and risky move and you know it." Tony scoffed.
"No," Natasha said. "You weren't."
"So what?" Hill said. "Stark's been dead for years. If he had hidden files somewhere, they've probably been lost or destroyed by now."
The beam of light that held the portal open went out. Natasha did what he said without the need to repeat himself. Slowly, the hole in the sky began to close itself. Steve directed his gaze to the ground. His heart was pounding. He couldn't breathe. This was the scariest thing he ever felt in his life. He was overwhelmed with the urge to run in search of a place with breathable air, however, his feet remained firmly planted to the ground, every single cell in his body wrenching with the loss.
"Hello," he said.
"Actually, it does." Steve gave Tony a look. "I'm serious. When someone hurts someone you love, you want to hurt them back, and the fact that she just lost Coulson probably added fuel to the fire. The threat of not having any family anymore is scary to some people, and that's what Natasha was being threatened with."
The ride to the hospital took longer than she thought it should. She couldn't see where they were going and her ears were still ringing from the blast, so she could just barely hear what the EMTs were saying. Whatever on-the-spot assessments they were making of her injuries were lost to her, though she doubted they were anything to be concerned about. Carol was more worried that one of them would notice that she bled blue than anything else.
"Johnny, if you'd just come out and put down the gun…"
. The newest issue he could find looked to be from June of 2006 and the only reason he could tell was because the cover had a photo of him kissing a topless woman at his birthday party. The picture in question had caused his friend with benefits at the time to break into the SI employee parking garage and keyed his car. (Although he completely deserved it, Tony couldn't help but think he got off easy. That was one of the better break ups he'd ever experienced.) He hoped the hospital wouldn't mind if he ripped off the cover of that magazine, along with the article that accompanied the photo.
"I did," Freeman said. "But it's rather vague. I'm going to need some more details before it's ready to release to the press."
didn't get in a screaming match with him."
Moving her gaze to Stark, Natasha automatically started analyzing him. His expression was grim yet carried a hint of exhaustion. His eyes were focused on the empty shot glass that he spun around in his hand. He studied it as if it had the answers to all of life's problems secretly engraved upon it. It might as well have, for all the good that would do.
Who could blame him, though? He grew up in a time where homosexuals were sterilized, lobotomized, and euthanized and, "bisexuality" wasn't even a word in the dictionary yet. For a guy to openly date another guy back then was unheard of. Most relationships that deviated from the sexual norm were carried out in secret; behind closed doors. Gay men would buy prostitutes for the night, then go back to their wife and kids like nothing happened and go back to their picture-perfect lives. That was the reality of Steve's world. Not to mention that he thought he was the only one in the world who felt things for both sexes. So, to think that a man would openly take him out on a date, in front of the eyes of the judgmental public was ridiculous in Steve's mind, especially someone who had dated as many women as Tony. (Oh, yes. The S.H.I.E.L.D. file did include details on every public relationship Tony had. In fact, oddly enough this is where the lines of redacted text were in his file.)
"Mm! Oh!"
"Okay then," Natasha said. Bruce nodded and went to make her a plate.
Remember kids, good things come to those who wait!
"Whoa," flew out of Pepper's mouth before Tony could even process the question. "You don't think that's what's going on here, do you?"
Because Stark Industries was still headquartered in Malibu for all intents and purposes (which Tony was still working on changing,) the board of directors still largely resided and met in that city, leaving Tony and Pepper no choice but to teleconference with them. While Tony technically had the technology to make the teleconference a holoconference, there were still some lag problems and bugs to work out, so he hadn't made it standard across SI yet, leaving them only with good old-fashioned video calling to work with. That was not a problem. In fact, it just served to add even more distance to the call as far as Tony was concerned. More distance could only be a good thing here, right?
"Yes," Natasha said a little sharply. "We'll call you if we need you, but for now stay put." As soon as she finished saying that her eyes widened in alarm. "Oh-no."
"Sir, I think it'd be best if you left now," she said.
"Away," she finally settled on. It had struck her that she had nowhere to take him. They obviously couldn't go to the hospital. Hydra was out of the question. Fury and Hill were the only ones who knew she even worked for S.H.I.E.L.D., never mind was on this mission… Her only choice would be to call one of them and hope he held on until they showed up. It wasn't ideal, but it was better than nothing. "We'll go to the end of the street. I'll figure out something there."
"Is that guy a friendly?" Steve asked.
Realizing that he should probably steer his attention away from work for a minute, Tony pulled out his phone and started scrolling through his contacts, stopping when he reached Rhodey's contact ID. (Rhodey Bear.) As far as Tony knew, Rhodey was still state-side and as a result was likely working on base in California. It was still early in the workday over there and Tony knew better than to try and call. So instead, he shot him a quick text saying, "do you have time to talk?" Again, he was not expecting an immediate call or text back, but he knew Rhodey would as soon as he could. He was always good like that.
"I understand this is hard," he tried again. "But we need a hundred percent certainty in the identification of the suspect."
"Come on," she said, gesturing back down the hall. "You can tell me about her while we work on irradiating that letter."
"Shouldn't you let the nurses know?" Stark asked.
"Just wondering," Lara said quickly. "It's not my business anyway."
"Believe me, you don't want to know." Steve picked up on Tony's dead serious tone and decided that the subject needed to be changed ASAP.
"I didn't sleep last night," she explained. "I couldn't stop worrying and it kept me up."
"You do
. You need to be there, end of discussion. Now if you all will excuse me; I have a phone call to make. I expect to see you all in the lobby, dressed and ready to go by eight o'clock."
"I will," Natasha assured. "Don't doubt that. I just wanted you to know so you could act with caution around her."
"As long as it's not processed, I'm good," Lara said.
) He tried to pry his eyes open to see what was going on, but they were still too heavy. After a few seconds of dead air, he heard a voice in his ear hesitantly speak up.
"Science is my entertainment."
"What do you mean?" Nina asked. "Did one of the houses catch fire?"
You can alternatively call this chapter "interventions don't work unless the person wants help." (Warning: Long A/N)
"You say that like she's an evil witch who put a curse on you."
"Don't, Clint," she said, cutting him off. "Please just don't."
"It'll also leave enough power to lower the emergency blinds. Sorry." Clint would be angry at Stark for not mentioning that a little sooner, but it looked like it had genuinely slipped his mind. Besides, he had other things he could be focusing his emotional energy on, like not panicking.
"I met him at S.H.I.E.L.D. last Saturday." Pepper raised an eyebrow. "We got to talking and since then I haven't been able to get him off my mind. He called me up on Tuesday and the next thing I knew I was making plans to go out with him. That's why I wasn't at work yesterday. I was flying to New York to see him."
"Your ex-girlfriend, Betty?" Lara questioned. "How can you be sure?"
Loki fought against the pain and lifted his right arm to his abdomen. Struggling for a second to find his voice, he whispered the familiar words of a healing spell. He knew in his weakened state, trying to use magic to heal himself would counterintuitive given that it would drain all his energy, causing him to pass out again, but at the same time, if he didn't heal himself he'd just be a sitting duck. The pain running down his spine started to fade, as did his perception of reality.
Tony had no idea what was going on anymore. The room was flashing and spinning in ways he would have never thought imaginable. It took a few drinks, but he built his buzz back up. Now he had no idea what number drink he was on and honestly, he didn't care. He felt good and that's all that mattered. Well, until that stranger got back up and wrapped their arms around him.
"That's all?" Steve asked.
It had to be nothing. Some kid had probably wanted to pull a prank on them or Stark or both and sent a letter full of baby powder in the mail. That was it. They'd all be fine and would go home and laugh about it later. Stark would be fine. Clint would be fine. She wouldn't have to bring any devastating news back to Laura and the kids. They would all be fine. However, she was starting to get the feeling that Steve could tell himself that all the live-long day and that still wouldn't reassure him or calm him down.
"Tony," he said. "You realize this wasn't your fault, right?" Tony let out a dismissive scoff.
"JARVIS has been running it since I hit the bridge," Tony cut him off. "In a few hours, I'll know every dirty secret S.H.I.E.L.D. has ever tried to hide. Blueberry?" Steve ignored the offer.
"Attempting to slander my employer while still under contract and gross negligence," Freeman said. "The former was for reading Salinas' statement in front of the press, and the latter was for 'not acting responsibly' while Stark was missing."
"I still don't know what to tell you," she said. "It's an inevitable thing that's going to have to happen as we proceed with the lawsuit."
The storefront was rather neat and clean, and its layout gave Lara the impression that it used to be a bank. The floor was hardwood and the same shade of tan as the counter that boxed in the back-left corner. There were a few people manning the counter and it was clear to Lara that the teller's station was being used as a payment counter. She noted that and prepared her denials for when they started pressing her to give out credit card information.
"No," he said. "But he is a risk. I don't trust him not to leak information – whether intentionally or unintentionally. It's best to keep him where we can watch him."
"Oh, you poor thing!" she exclaimed. "Come here and get kisses. You deserve kisses." Lara then started smooching the top of the dog's head. The dog didn't seem like he was suffering in the least.
he thought.
"Hello," the woman said. "Is this the Story residence?"
"I took a shower?" He reached up and touched his hair. It was indeed slightly wet like someone had tried to dry it with a hairdryer but didn't do a good job. Apparently not all the effects of the alcohol had worn off yet.
Then the inevitable thought of
Generously, some of the staff from the CDC offered to keep an eye on the dog until the situation was resolved, so the dog hadn't gone without food, water, attention, or bathroom breaks while his owner was hospitalized. Since the dog had been found in the Avengers' penthouse, it was safe to assume that one of the Avengers was his owner, which was correct. However, they weren't sure as to which Avenger he belonged, and since Bruce was the first one to arrive back to the Tower, he was the first one they asked.
"Can you knock it off with the hackney psycho analysis, Romanoff? It's really the last thing I need right now."
Lara raked her fingers through her braided hair. Her plans had been to order take-out, but it looked like that wasn't happening. She probably should have been more worried about the fact that she couldn't hear or that she could potentially die in a gas explosion, but all-in-all she was just more annoyed than angry. She considered that a win given that a panic attack wasn't triggered by the explosion – or worse, a dissociative episode.
Suddenly Duran's words came back to her.
"Me too."
"Then what was your intention that night?"
"Well, you have plenty of time to make up for it," he pointed out.
"Part of it was because it was easier to enable him than it was to speak out," he admitted. "But the other part was that it didn't hit us how out of control the problem was until he and Romanoff threw that wild party. You know about that, right?" Steve nodded with a slight grimace.
Eventually, the heartbreaking scene was broken up by two people clad in black uniforms. Oswin watched as they loaded Nina into the back of a van emblemized with the seal of the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement Logistics Division. She screamed as Nina was pulled from her arms, but the two people in black didn't even flinch. Turning to look at the gawkers who had gathered behind the police tape, Oswin noticed that they didn't seem phased, either. Oswin jumped up and down, screaming at the top of her lungs. No one looked her way. She let out a groan of frustration. The emotional nature of the situation caused her powers or whatever you call them to start acting up. Of course, this had to happen now and of course, she had to realize this just as the opportunity to utilize it had already passed. The van that Nina's body was loaded into was pulling away from the curb before the thought had even occurred to her to try and hitch a ride.
"Visiting hours ended four hours ago Mr. Stark," the nurse said. "I've been generous by allowing Col. Rhodes and your assistant to stay this long, but I've got to draw the line now. Lights out in twenty minutes."
"How can you be so sure he was traumatized?" Hill asked.
"These were in Phil Coulson's jacket." Tony didn't even turn to see what Fury was talking about. He didn't need to. Everyone had heard about the trading cards by now. "I guess he never did get you to sign them." Tony heard the cards hit the glass of the table, but he still didn't turn around. He didn't look at Steve. He just stayed silent. "We're dead in the air up here. Our communications, the location of the Cube, Banner, Thor… I got nothing for you. I lost my one good eye. Maybe I had that coming."
"No, nothing like that," she assured. "My sister actually bought it for me one Christmas as a joke. I'd bring it in, but it's only about one foot in size and meant to be a bed for a cat." Cranston laughed again, but eventually she waved herself off and gestured to the empty chair in front of her. "Sit, sit. I promise I don't bite."
"Sir, are you alright?"
He looked around at the vastness of space that surrounded him. He had no options here. He was a traitor to the throne of Asgard, no ifs, ands, or buts about it. If he allowed Odin to pull them back up, he'd be stripped of his title and locked away in the dungeons forever. He'd never have his "father's" love, never be Thor's equal. All he'd be is a monster in a cage, cursed to live under the scorn of the people he once ruled. He looked back up at Thor, who was struggling to keep a tight grip on the staff. That's when Loki made his decision. He just had one more thing he needed to say first.
"Almost?" Tony looked down. "Can I ask you a question, Mr. Stark?"
"Alright," he said. "Now I really don't like this. Why didn't he run? He had plenty of opportunities to do so."
"Same here," Lara said, sounding completely nonchalant. Pepper was anything but, though.
Just as he resolved to get up and go home so he could finally get some sleep, the familiar opening notes of a certain AC/DC song started to emanate from his cell phone. Upon checking the caller ID, Tony smiled when he saw it was an unknown caller with a number longer than the value of pi. He was still grinning when he accepted the call.
"If it makes you feel better, I've seen worse." Stark humorlessly laughed.
"A lot of people were," Coulson explained. "You were the world's first superhero. Banner thought Gamma Radiation might hold the key to unlocking Erskine's original formula."
"Okay," Tony said again. "So, what's the problem?"
"Good morning ladies, gentlemen, and assorted members of the press," he said. "Before I hand over the microphone to Miss Potts, I have an announcement I'd like to make."
"What do you mean by that?" Tony gestured over to the boxes by the door.
"This is Charlie-Tango-Alfa-Niner to the Hub. Charlie-Tango-Alfa-Niner to the Hub. Do you read me? Over."
"Over time," he said. "Your genetic codes, which your father altered in your youth, worked to correct themselves. Your body has been fighting to 'heal' itself back to its original state. It took a few months, but we were able to isolate and rejuvenate a sample of your genetic tissue and clone it. It'll take some time, but we're going to get you your powers back." Jessica kept her eyes directly on the doctor, even as tears began to gather. "I must tell you, Jessica… Your father was
. Also, you can't
"What?" she said, her disdain barely restrained.
"Well, fuck you, asshole." Surprisingly, Clint found himself laughing. It didn't last long because he started coughing again, but for a moment he felt something akin to happiness.
"I wasn't even hurt," Clint pointed out. "If they had looked at me for longer than two seconds, they would have known."
"No," he said. "You were awesome, I just…" He swallowed hard and took a few more deep breaths. "I need to get to work." Steve nodded understandingly.
"I gave you this detail so you could keep a close eye on things," Fury said once Clint joined him.
Tony tried to explain to Rhodey what had happened as best he could, but it was a little difficult given that he could not simplify the story down. He would have to extensively explain details like how a woman could fly and why he needed to program the phone with a special frequency. That would probably take more time than either of them had right then, so Tony gave him the very confusing short version and promised to explain in depth as soon as Rhodey arrived at the Tower.
"Shut up!" Tony cut him off. "I don't want to talk anymore!" With that, he turned his back on Steve and directed his gaze out the window.
Loki smiled. He wanted to say it. He wanted to throw it right in Thor's face. No one controlled him. Not Odin, not Thor, not even
"You would rather give orders than take them."
"For the last time," Nina screamed. "I don't know where she is! I haven't seen her in days!"
"Yes," Tony said. "I'm not drunk. I know what I'm asking. I'm just sick and tired and don't want to be alone."
That made Tony stand up. He still didn't look at anyone as he walked straight out of the meeting room and down the hall. No one protested. No one tried to follow him. He was glad for that. He needed to get out of there and he knew just where to go.
"Clint just got anthraxed," Stark explained. "That's what happened."
"'How I've behaved in the past?'" Tony questioned. "Are you talking about my birthday party? Need I remind you that you didn't stop me."
"You know what I'm afraid of," Steve said.
to do this, and you can either help me to the elevators or I can try to make it down there myself. Either way, I'm leaving the hospital and taking care of this." Reluctantly, Tony felt Steve sigh and readjust the grip he had around his waist. Tony responded in kind by throwing his arm around Steve's shoulders.
Freeman then straightened up, turned, and exited the room. Salinas shut the door behind him once he was gone. Turning to Adoniram, his face was full of pure irritation.
"Alright," Rawls said. "I'll leave you to change into your hospital gown. A nurse should be in to take your blood shortly."
"To…" Knežević paused to think about it for a second. "To the number eight! Thanks for being such a wonderfully symmetrical number!"
Originally posted on FFN on 12/22/18
"Have you spoken to our Sister in Newark?" Adoniram asked. "The one in charge of Apollo."
Yeah, as I write the author's note to this chapter, I'm currently writing Chapter Twenty-Six, which makes me nervous... I like having chapters finished ahead of time because I know how frustrating it can be to have to wait for an author to get their shit together to post a new chapter. I'm going to apologize in advance as if I do end up catching up with myself, then it might get a little frustrating waiting for me to put out chapters. Hopefully, that won't come to pass, though.
"JARVIS was able to identify it as Ketamine," Rhodey pointed out.
"Too bad," Lara said. "Here's me reminding you again. We're on a tight schedule. Get your ass in gear."
"Thanks," Betty said. "I didn't know you'd heard."
So, even though he'd been out of the ice for a little over a year now, Tony was really the only person he had made any sort of connection with. He was the only person Steve ever talked to on a regular basis. After all, everyone he knew was dead except for Peggy, who was in a hospice in London and he didn't really have much incentive to go outside and meet people, so the only person he had to talk to was Tony. Not that he minded – he did have a crush on the guy after all – but he couldn't help but feel… isolated. It was a cold and somewhat bitter feeling. He didn't like it, and the only thing he currently had to soothe that was the occasional text from Tony. Luckily, he wasn't disappointed as he pressed the center button on his phone and saw that he had a new text message from Tony. Unsurprisingly it was timestamped for one in the morning, but it had proper spelling and grammar, so at least that let Steve know he hadn't been drunk.
"Are you telling me he took
"Excuse me, sir," the wet-eared newbie said. "But this is a closed crime scene. You can't be here…" Tony held up his driver's license and the staff ID/master keycard that positively identified him as STARK, ANTHONY EDWARD. The kid nervously gulped and stuttered as he tried to apologize. "I'm sorry, Mr. Stark. I didn't mean…"
"Where are we going?" Oswin said.
"Water under the bridge," he said. "Really, don't worry about it."
Natasha moved her feet carefully, trying to follow the instructor's words to the T.
"Sure, you do," the officer dismissed. Tony frowned and reached out to press the button again. To stop him, the officer grabbed his wrist. "Don't make me restrain you."
"These are the questions each interviewer is going to ask you," Freeman explained.
"But it is not capable of going into space," Thor restated. "Why construct a large airship meant to carry a number of people across great distances and not make space travel an option?"
"Allahu Akbar, then?" From the look on her face, Lara could tell that Cabe didn't like where the conversation was going and wanted to end the conversation before it escalated.
Tony couldn't be sure. He didn't seem angry when it happened, or the following morning, or when he texted him the other day. Still, though, he could have changed his mind or come to his senses or maybe he never felt that way at all and only just realized…
"Yes!" Tony had a sense of déjà vu wash over him, but he couldn't figure out why. He shrugged it off. It was probably just the alcohol.
"Because I'm not interested." Lucy looked like she was about to say something to pressure her more. Luckily, Bruce chose that moment to cut in and save her.
"Not by much," Carol said.
"I think there's a snake infestation in the garden." Hill covertly glanced around to see if anyone overheard that. Luckily, all the agents within her field of vision seemed to have been too busy preforming their assigned duties to take notice of their conversation.
) but at that point they told him to sit down before they called security. Not needing to be banned from yet another hospital, Tony complied.
"I tried," he explained. "I don't know what happened. I just… Couldn't." That was the best way to describe what had happened in that moment. It felt like he couldn't do anything no matter how hard he tried. There was probably a proper word for that, but Tony didn't want to tax his brain trying to think of it right then.
"Very limited, Sir," JARVIS responded. "Direct contact with the repulsors will render them non-functional, contact with the armor's joints will cause it to become stuck, and contact with the housing for the Arc Reactor will cause the armor to power down."
"Sometimes patients feel better knowing a bit more about me before we get started," she explained. "Do you think that would help you?" Honestly, Tony didn't, but the more time she spent talking about herself, the less time he would have to spend doing the same. So, he shrugged.
"Alright," Barton said. "Now that we're away from the PR guru…" He gestured over to the table several feet away from where Freeman was sitting. "…Can I just hear honestly whether the media was going after us?"
"I told her the truth," Steve said. "Nothing happened."
The worst part about it, though, was that he couldn't find out any information about Barton. Hospital staff couldn't release anything to him because he wasn't next of kin. He tried telling them that he was (sort of) Barton's boss, but that was too loose of a connection for them. He tried to tell them that he was Barton's long-lost Siamese twin, but they didn't believe him. Finally, he resorted to telling them that he was "going to marry that man" (a la Sandra Bullock in
After quickly using the restroom, Tony went into the kitchen and was shocked to find that he and Steve weren't alone in the apartment. Lara had apparently let herself in and helped herself to a plate of (whole wheat) toast. Tony frowned.
"Alright! I'm coming, I'm coming!" Tony started walking in the direction Lara had just come from. As he passed by her, Lara frowned for a second before inhaling deeply. Tony turned back to look at her. "What's wrong now?"
Two, NOTHING HAPPENS IN AUGUST! I'm serious! In the US, there are no holidays that take place in August, personally, I don't know anyone who has a birthday in August, it's just an entire month where nothing is going on and it makes me sad! Even if I did post in August, you'd only get one post on August first and that'd be it for the month! So, you're just going to have to deal with waiting until September First for the next chapter. Everyone okay with that? Good, 'cause you really have no choice.
"That's true," he said before sighing. "I have to go face her now, don't I?"
"I still should be fired," she said as she carefully dabbed at her eyes, not trying to draw attention to the fact that she was crying. It was futile, though, as Pepper easily noticed. "I just attacked my superior. I should be fired."
Tony panted heavily against Steve's bare chest as he recovered from their amorous activities. They still had not made it to home base yet, but they had rounded third multiple times and that was more than satisfying enough, at least for now. Tony hummed as Steve ran his fingers through his hair, enjoying the aftermath of what they had just done. His eyes were shut, and he just listened to the sounds of Steve breathing. Tony had to admit, he was feeling a bit worn out after going at it for most of the evening with a Super Soldier. He honestly felt like he was going to fall asleep at any second. However, before he could, he unconsciously found himself asking Steve, "are you afraid?"
All things considered; the doctors were quick to assure that this was one of the better situations Tony could have ended up in. Although, yes, the five-hour delay in getting help was far from ideal, it did not appear that he stopped breathing at any point, nor did his heart stop. He was just very heavily intoxicated and in a deep sleep. While that was preferable to a lot of the ways this could have gone, there was not much the doctors could do for Tony outside of pumping him full of fluids and waiting for him to regain consciousness. That was frustrating, but still better than the alternatives – most of which were so scary, Rhodey did not even want to think of them.
The Avengers have successfully stopped the Chitauri invasion. Now all that's left to do is capture the man responsible for the whole ordeal.
Steve was angry. It was hard not to be. This woman had tried to poison him and his entire team then had the audacity to use that slur against Tony. That would be enough to set anyone off. Luckily, he still had the awareness not to do anything that would hurt anyone. Hill grabbed his arm as he began to charge at the window, and he managed to stop himself. Honestly, the worst he probably would have done was break the viewing window. Even with everything she did, Sharpton was not worth breaking his moral codes.
"What do you think of a prison break?" Both anxiety and anticipation began to course through Steve's veins.
Which was followed up by
"You wanted to talk about this earlier," he said. "So, let's talk about it. What are we?"
Tony and Steve have had a complicated relationship for a while now. Recently, Tony stayed over at Steve's apartment during a storm and something almost happened between them. The two of them have barely said two words to each other since, but that's going to change tonight as Steve has been invited over to celebrate the completion of Stark Tower with Tony, Pepper, and Lara.
"I hate my job," he said.
"You're not good, though," Clint frowned.
"We're not here for breakfast," Steve said. "We're looking for Tony." Clint frowned.
Anyways, thank you for reading so far! If you have any thoughts you'd like to share, please leave them in a comment or a review!
"Well, it depends," he said.
They fell into a silence again, but this one was much easier than the ones that proceeded it. At least that was until a particularly painful flash of lighting traveled across Tony's brain and he was unable to suppress a groan.
She let the breath out and scrambled to find a suitable distraction.
Oswin awoke to the sound of a loud
"You have a strong support system," Rhodes said. "Tony only had me and Happy back then, but now the two of you have us, the other Avengers, Pepper, Conroy – even if she is an asshole who threatens people." Steve could not help but chuckle at that. "You also have something that Tony could only dream of having back then; a loving, supportive partner who understands just what you're going through and will easily jump into the media's line of fire for you any day." A soft, sad smile crossed Steve's lips.
"Excellent," Lucy said in an overly cheerful voice. "If you'll just follow me into our offices, we'll get you settled in and started in a jiffy." Lucy gestured to a (thankfully) well-lit storefront about five yards diagonal from them. Lara nodded and started to get up, but Bruce put a hand on her shoulder to stop her.
"Ma'am, we really need to wait for the CDC…" Hill didn't hesitate in cutting Betty off.
"Hey," he said. "What's going on?" Steve visibly relaxed the second his eyes met Tony's.
"Shit, he's calling you now?" Lara nodded in confirmation. "Let me see your phone."
Tony turned to see Steve standing in the doorway, his hair a mess and his eyes frantic. Tony swallowed guiltily. He hadn't meant to wake up Steve, but he ended up doing it anyway and it seemed like he'd given him quite a fright. Steve hadn't bothered to put on any clothes; he was still in his underwear as he had rushed straight from bed as soon as he heard the crash. A little bit of relief came across his face as soon as he spotted Tony, but he still appeared frazzled.
"What?" Tony said, his voice unsure and full of confusion. "No, not exactly… Where did you hear that? What's going on?"
"Do you need me to ask more questions?" Tony shook his head.
As Tony turned, he could see Romanoff make some sort of gesture and Barton seemingly reciprocate it. After that, the CDC crew began to lead them out of the room. As Tony walked, he desperately hoped that his reassurances wouldn't turn into lies.
"Eh," Tony said. "I'm going to have to take some points off for making excuses, but overall, good apology. Nice work." Lara opened her mouth to protest, but Tony held up a finger to silence her. "Hold that thought. You just reminded me of something."
"Yeah, but it's twenty miles away," Conroy pointed out. "This is Malibu! There has to be a fancy rich people hospital in this town somewhere!"
"From what that maintenance guy said, it sounded like Tony was screwing with the elevator last night," Natasha said. "Which would make sense, especially if he's drunk."
"Lever, now!" Steve felt a horrible feeling roll through his gut. Reaching forward, his hand hit the metal of the grated platforms and pulled himself up, onto it. As he did, bullets started to ping as they bounced off the wall beside him. One of the agents in tactical gear was shooting at him with an automatic weapon. At the same time, he could hear Tony give a little "uh-oh" before the coms were filled with loud
"And what did you think?" he asked.
to have happen."
"Yeah," he said. "Big man in a suit of armor. Take that off, what are you?"
Despite all that, the next chapter should be coming out tomorrow. I also have enough chapters pre-prepared to keep uploading throughout January, but after that, I'll be going on yet another hiatus. This one will be a little more sporadic than the last, mainly because I still plan on updating on days of major Marvel releases like WandaVision, The Falcon and the Winter Soldier, Loki, and Black Widow (provided they're not all pushed back again by COVID.) I think another part of the problem with writing this fic is that we didn't get much in the way of new MCU content in 2020 thanks to the pandemic, so inspiration was a little hard to come by. I think my most productive weeks were when Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. was airing. After that, I just hit a slump I couldn't pull myself out of.
"He's understandably shocked," Fury said. "But he should be okay as long as you keep things light." Tony nodded in understanding.
Thanks to DarkSkity and FanGirlForever19 for the favorites and follows on FFN and FriedChickenNisha for leaving a comment and kudos on AO3, along with one other guest! It really means a lot! :)
"Her first and last name?" Bruce realized what the problem was.
"Right," Bruce agreed. "So, what do you think is going on?" Lara slumped her shoulders, almost defeated.
"Aw," Lara said, looking a little dejected. "Too bad. I love a good cipher."
"Oh no, Boss," he said. "Pepper still needs that footage for the lawsuit."
"Go with a classic," he said. "After all, some people still have some catching up to do." Tony's lips quirked up as he caught Steve's smile out of the corner of his eye.
"You still have that spare key you stole, right?"
Eventually, the conversation had reached its natural end and Tony was collecting up their burger wrappers to throw in the trash. Steve knew that Tony was going to have to leave soon. He was sad but understood that he had other places to be. Steve expected Tony to go straight from the trash bin to the door but was surprised when Tony came back to the bed and leaned in close so that his lips were right next to Steve's ear.
"But S.H.I.E.L.D. isn't who you're giving your blood to," Tony pointed out. "I mean, yeah, it's
told me to," Freeman pointed out.
Shock set in almost immediately. He couldn't believe it. Tony had gotten thrown out of the hotel by the police. How? Why? Those questions and more rocketed through Steve's mind at a break-neck speed. He was so shocked; he couldn't even react properly.
"We went to college together," Bruce said.
"You know what; this is another discussion for a different time," she said.
"Are they famous?"
This time, he didn't linger in the doorway. The bar was gone now, so there was nothing to entice him into the room. Well, nothing except the computer. Yes, even hours later that video was still on his mind and the computer was just sitting there, being oh-so tempting… Tony only made it as far as booting the computer up before he thought better of it, though. He still hadn't spoken to Pepper about it. He needed to leave it alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Uh," Clint said. "The last time we left him alone he ran away."
Anyways, I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and I hope I didn't scare you too much. Just so you know, I'm dangerously close to catching up with myself. I'm currently writing Chapter Twenty-Seven, but thankfully my next post dates are November Fifth and November Eleventh, so hopefully, that will be enough time to make some headway. Be aware, though, that updates could get more sporadic.
"Yeah, but they're not…" The redhead gave up. "You know what, never mind. I'll take care of it." The blonde slowly backed away again, leaving the redhead to turn her attention to Steve. "Hi." Although she was smiling and using a pleasant tone of voice, it was clear that she was not pleased.
"Howard…" Steve said. "Is he…?"
giving
"I took care of the apartment," she said. "I haven't gotten to the rest of the penthouse yet. I didn't have enough time."
Again, please don't be worried about this fic. I had almost all my Word documents backed up on my Cloud/OneDrive account. The only thing I really truly lost in all of this was all the mods I had installed for the Sims 4, but that might have been part of that laptop's COD, so it's not like I can be upset about that... Anyway, everything is good, and I will be ready to go for the update tomorrow, so don't fear!
Before she could say anything further, the elevator's bell chimed, and the doors opened. Tony stepped out of the elevator at a pace faster than either Pepper or Lara could (or were at least willing to) keep up with. Tony only wanted one thing in that moment, and that was a reassuring hug from his boyfriend. He couldn't have that in public, but he'd be damned if anyone tried to keep him from having that in private.
"Really?" Tony nodded. "Do you need help?" It was Tony's turn to look surprised.
"Thanks, Banner," Clint said, his hoarse voice crackling a bit. "If there's any way I can repay you…"
Parties used to be Tony's thing. He could walk into a room full of people and schmooze with the best of them; kiss ass, take names and then leave with a beautiful girl or two on his arm. After he came back from Afghanistan, partying kind of lost some of the appeal it once had. Maybe it was because he felt more of a sense of responsibility now that he was Iron Man. Maybe it was because that out-of-control birthday party he had knocked some sense into him. Maybe it was because he was just getting old. Tony wasn't sure which, but he was dreading to go to this gala. Call it out of character if you want, but he just didn't want to do it, plain and simple.
"No."
"You need to step away," Fury said.
"Negative. Agent Coulson wishes to speak with Director Fury directly. Further details cannot be discussed until he does so. Over."
"No clue at all," he admitted.
"It's fine," Steve assured. "You're sick and exhausted. You just need to get to bed." Tony hummed in agreement. "Where do we go from here?"
"Then why are you talking like that?" Tony asked. "Because
"Listen," he said calmly. "Just listen. You need to put that knife down and back away."
"Didn't really go his way, did it?" Steve remarked as the Hulk fought against the National Guardsmen trying to subdue him in the video footage playing back on the tablet he had been given. That incident had taken place at Culver University in Virginia the previous year. According to the text accompanying the footage, Banner had gone back there to retrieve some research files and things escalated quickly. It was tough to watch.
"Of course," Oswin said. "If you search for someone online, you can find their social media profiles, bank records, public documents…"
"You shouldn't have to apologize for that," Tony cut in.
"No," he said between gasps of air. "No, no, no, don't. I'm sorry… I'm not laughing at you. I think this is a hysterical break." The way Tony's voice cracked at the end of that sentence was enough to convince him to turn around and take another look at the man. Now, he could see that Tony was shaking a little bit and tears had gathered in the corners of his eyes. Steve turned and grabbed Tony by the shoulders, attempting to help him support his weight.
"Didn't I do that at the time?" Clint asked.
The door opened and Steve was the first one to walk out with Tony following close behind him. As Tony was halfway out the door, though, he felt another hand grab his free one urgently. He looked behind him to see Romanoff holding his hand and reaching back to grab Bruce's. Tony was perplexed as to why she would do this until he looked back at Steve and realized their hands were still entwined.
"Isolation?" Tony looked around to see Romanoff holding Steve back with a heavy grip on his shoulder. From the way her hand twitched, it was clear that she was having trouble. "Is that really necessary?"
"Is that what just happened?" Tony couldn't help but feel satisfied with himself upon hearing that question as he reached out to shake Bruce's hand.
"Ow!" he cried out instantly. Lara froze up. She looked at her hand, already shaking. She knew she should run but found she couldn't. Her mouth opened as if to scream and shut again without making a sound. Only one thought flashed through her mind.
"Of course, Miss Potts," was all that was said before the lawyers left. Once they were gone, Cabe crossed her arms and looked at the door before turning back to Pepper.
"Why not?"
Alpha cut off the beam she had sent and tried to fire upon Carol again, but Carol was faster. She moved into a kneeling position and raised her fist, letting off an energy blast that was easily stronger than Alpha's beam. Overpowered, the blast slammed into Alpha's chest, sending her backwards into the concrete wall. Before Carol could celebrate, though, Beta had gotten up and tried tackling her again. Expecting it this time, Carol summersaulted forward, successfully evading Beta's grip. Sticking the landing by jumping back on to her feet, she fired an energy blast Beta's way as well, sending her flying into the opposite wall.
"That still doesn't reassure me." It was Lara's turn to roll her eyes.
"Where's the emergency?" The room fell silent. The only sounds that could be heard was the occasional bit of debris hitting the floor. Tony put on his best placating smile as he stood up.
"Supposedly," he said. "Cropsey is a monster that lures children to their deaths. It's an urban legend and in the version, I heard growing up, his approach would be accompanied by a loud snapping noise. It scared the crap out of me as a kid. Now, I realize that my nanny just told me that to scare me and so she could just leave the room and start snapping her fingers to get me to behave."
"I don't agree with him," Romanoff said. "I'm just saying he has a point. The public perception of the Avengers is probably already bad given that we skipped yesterday. Missing the State of the Union… We might not recover from that."
"I'm not that great at judging what's safe and healthy…" he admitted. "If I was, I probably wouldn't be in this situation in the first place."
"Speaking of which," Freeman interjected. "I should pass these out." He reached into his briefcase to pull out a stack of packets. Each one had a specific team member's name written across it in black Sharpie. He handed them out to each person and Tony could see Steve's eyes narrow as he scanned his over.
"Unless he magically figures out from across space that we're going to be spending the next few days meeting the press and politicians and for some crazy reason he decides he wants in on that, probably not." Lara held up one hand placatingly while she used the other one to scroll through her phone.
"She was trying to keep us away from you because you killed Mom!" Silence permeated the room.
"Shit." Jessica sprinted over to the snowbank as fast as she could. Jabbing her fingers against Stark's neck, she tried to feel for a pulse. "I can't feel a heartbeat!"
"Where are you?"
"Right," Steve agreed. "I caught his act in Stuttgart."
"Listen," Tony said. "I didn't mean to keep that from you."
"I understand," Lara assured. "I do."
So, she sat quietly in her cell, trying to figure out how to fold the mattress tag into a crane. Maybe if she folded a thousand of them, she'd be cured of her heartbreak. At least, she kept telling herself that. Eventually, the door to her cell opened and she was taken off-guard to see an agent standing there.
With that in mind, Lara swung the little knocker into the glass, smashing it to pieces. She then pulled the lever down and waited. The alarms started to blare like they were supposed to, but to her surprise that didn't immediately set off a stampede. Mostly everyone in the lobby stared up at the ceiling, confused. Rolling her eyes at the mass case of stupidity, Lara cupped her hands around her mouth and screamed "fire!"
Originally posted to FFN on 10/1/18.
"It's powered by an arc reactor," Bruce explained like he didn't already know. "A self-sustaining energy source. That building will run itself for, what, a year?"
So... My heart is broken.
Once again, not a chemist and I probably shouldn't have graduated high school. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this chapter! Feel free to leave a comment or a review at any time!
"Complete subjugation of Midgard, Terra," he quickly corrected. "After you have conquered it, of course." Thanos nodded in agreement, which made Loki hesitate for a second before revealing the rest of his terms. "However, Asgard is not to be touched." Thanos gave no reaction to this part of the deal. "That is my only offer. Otherwise, you will never get your hands on the Space Stone." Thanos continued to say nothing. His expression remained unreadable. Loki began to fear the worst.
"Well, I think you just answered your own question there, Romanoff," Tony said. "It's alright though. SI has top-notch security and the NYPD is aware of the situation at this point."
"Only Carol Danvers can do that," Fury remarked. "That's all the proof I need, but if you need a little more, I think we can work something out."
She readjusted her grip on Stark and continued down the road.
"The stuff of nightmares," Clint groaned.
Fury looked her directly in the eyes and said, "it means this goes far deeper than we could have ever imagined."
"I'm fine," he assured. "I'm fine. Just have a bit of a cold is all."
"Never mind," she said. "I don't have time to get into this right now. Just don't do it again." Bruce was only able to nod feebly before Lara turned and walked away. He watched her until she turned a corner and was out of sight. Then, he stepped back into his room, shutting the door behind him and leaning against it.
"Hey." Tony's lips quirked up at the sound of Steve's voice. "I didn't know you were up."
"You think he might have left on his own?" Clint questioned. Natasha was quiet, thinking over her response before answering.
"Lucky him," Jessica remarked as a wave of pain hit her.
"Yes," Schaffer said. "I agree. However, you don't honestly expect me to believe that hubris alone is enough to prevent the worst from happening. It didn't work out for
"No," Natasha said. "That's not what I wanted. It had nothing to do with what I wanted."
"You should have left your armor on for that," Loki remarked.
Tony stared at Steve blankly. Since he took so long, Carol – who he had forgotten was standing next to him – answered for him.
"Call me," he said.
"I could say the same thing to you." Tony shook his head.
Lara was sitting on the couch in Clint's suite with the still-to-be-named puppy. She had set her cell phone down on the coffee table and for the past few minutes it had been ringing off the hook. She hadn't bothered to look at it, preferring to give her full attention to the puppy. However, she wasn't fooling herself. Glancing over at the phone's screen, she could see that the caller was coming up as "No Caller ID" which made her hesitant to answer. It wasn't until the song started up again for the sixth time that she finally gave in, picked up the phone, and answered it.
"Yeah," Tony assured between breaths. "Yeah."
"Is that a yes?" Clint asked.
"Oh," Rawls said. "Well, the B- blood type isn't as rare as you'd think. I'm sure one of your friends here would be a compatible match."
"Tony?" Silence. Steve swallowed hard and turned back to the bathroom, ignoring Lara's inquiries as to what was going on.
"Mr. Stark," the FBI agent said. "Glad you could join us. Special Agent Robin Bergeron, FBI." He held out his hand and Tony shook it.
"Then why did you do it?" Natasha bit her lip as she hesitated a moment. "Nat…"
Tony nodded, but in all honesty, he didn't know if he could accept her apology or if it was even right to. Although he had been assured that the deception part had nothing to do with him and was an unfortunate alignment of circumstance (which Tony didn't believe, but whatever.) the poisoning part he felt he should be less forgiving for. After all, he could have died. However, he did feel a certain amount of karma in the fact that in attempting to poison him, she ended up poisoning herself. That wasn't enough to entirely make up for her actions, though. He did suppose that maybe the apology did help a little bit, especially since she sounded genuinely remorseful. For now, it was probably just best to say he accepted the apology and hope he never encountered this woman again. Knowing the way of the world, that probably wouldn't happen.
"I can lower the repulsor blasts to five-percent their normal strength." Tony wasn't entirely sure that was a good idea. Even at only five-percent those repulsor blasts were pretty strong, especially when you consider the fact that this guy wasn't wearing any clothes other than his underwear and had no protective gear to speak of. Best case scenario, the guy ended up badly bruised with a few second-degree burns. However, Tony didn't have much of a choice given that Knežević was going to be upon him in less than mere seconds.
"So, is that a good thing?" Bucky asked.
Happy had explained all of that in a long, frantic ramble of words that Rhodey was just barely able to follow. Since he was at work, Rhodey could not stay on the line long or rush over there, but he was quick to assure Happy that he would be over to see Tony as soon as work let out. Once the call was over, Rhodey set about his work as usual, albeit giving a little more focus to the clock than he normally would.
"I don't know what Homeland Security's interest in this is," Annabeth said. "I mean, how is a rock stuck to a fence a matter of national security?"
"It dies?" Natasha questioned.
"Alright," Natasha said. "I'll help you find Stark, but only because part of our deal was to get him back to the hospital, understood?"
"Yes," Tony said.
"What?" he gasped out, astonished. "When? How?"
"Threat!" Tony suddenly burst out with. "Threat! I feel threatened!"
On an unofficial basis, the Avengers had been taking turns making breakfast and dinner for everyone. There was no official order, it just went by whoever was up first for breakfast or got hungry first for dinner. Since Tony had not slept well and Steve usually got up at the crack of dawn, both were dressed and ready long before everyone else was and thus it ended up falling to them to make breakfast. Unfortunately, the only thing Steve knew how to cook – at least breakfast-food wise, he could make some dinner meals – was eggs.
Natasha turned to look at her, an eyebrow raised.
Tony brought a hand up to his forehead, feeling a headache coming on. He wanted to do something about this, but he knew he couldn't. It was frustrating beyond belief. There was one thing he could try, though, he was just very afraid of how it could turn out.
"Alright, that's true," Tony admitted. "But that story didn't bring up bad memories for you? Do you want to talk about it?" Steve smiled as he shook his head.
"Oh, there it is again," Tony said. "'Mr. Stark.' You know, I don't know how they did things in the forties, but people don't generally refer to people they text daily and spent an entire weekend with by their last names." Tony smirked, Steve tried to keep his expression neutral. "Besides, I think this problem is a little too big to take my attention away from. Why did Fury call us in? Why now? Why not before? What isn't he telling us? I can't do the equation unless I have all the variables."
Originally posted to FFN on 5/28/18.
"Uh…" He heard Oswin bend over to inspect the lock closer. "Electronic keypad, ten-digits."
"I swear I'm being completely honest here," she said. "I literally just walked into the main Stark Industries building, hacked one lock, broke another, stole all of those chemicals, all with the assistance of Vasyl Knežević and I did the same thing at Tony Stark's house all on my own. What is so hard to believe about that?"
"You started it," Tony pointed out. "I was fine until you started screaming at me." For some reason, that statement caused Lara to go rigid.
"Hill."
"This," Salinas said, gesturing to the box. "Is an assassination attempt."
"You already did that," Tony pointed out. "And you picked a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent who was sent to assess if I was worthy of joining Fury's secret club."
"I'm perfectly capable of putting socks and shoes on," Tony assured.
It's just cherries! Cherries! It's comin' up cherries on top!
"Apology accepted." A bittersweet smile appeared on her face for half a second, but it quickly straightened itself out. "I also feel I should apologize for saying that to you in the first place."
"No," she said. "I got about six hours of sleep. Then I checked my blood sugar, did my insulin, ate, and fell back to sleep on one of the beds in the med bay. Then around eleven last night, Bruce saw me, woke me up, and I went back down to the guest room and slept for another six hours. I should be all caught up by now."
"That's a lot harder to explain."
…" Lara glared sharply at Tony as she let out the fake laugh. "What he means to say is we've had a rough day with the press."
"I don't see a problem with it," she said.
"Unless you want me to," Steve said. "Do you?"
A few hours had passed, and Bruce and Betty got quite a few things done. S.H.I.E.L.D. was testing all the public mailboxes in Newark and the two of them had compiled a list of all the labs in the area that they felt were equipped and capable enough to create a biological weapon. However, they still had not managed to identify what the powder was.
"I just wanted to check on you," she said. "It didn't look like you were feeling all that well at dinner and when you walked out of the party I knew something was wrong."
"I'm sorry," he said. "Can you clarify what you're talking about?"
"You are not that monster." Lara looked at him. She could see what he was thinking clearly in his eyes. She would try to argue with him, but she had a feeling it was a battle of wills she would ultimately lose. As such, she didn't comment on it.
"Touché," Tony remarked.
"They threw Tony out," he said as he turned to look at Clint. There was nothing but sympathy in the other man's eyes.
At a reasonable pace, the crowd filed out of the lobby. From the angle that the camera was pointing, it was hard to see people's faces, but Steve knew he would recognize Tony when he saw him. For a solid minute, they watched strangers pass through the hotel's front doors. Then, Steve's heart stopped. Tony came into frame and he wasn't alone. Two police officers were physically carrying him out of the building.
"Ray!"
"Okay?" Oswin sounded hesitant and perplexed but complied anyway. "0088229955." There was a buzz, a click, and a gasp of surprise from Oswin. "That worked! How did you know that would work?" Knežević smirked to himself.
"Oh, I thought the beast had wandered off," he remarked.
"You said no one was infected, but you wouldn't be so eager to talk to Dr. Subarian unless someone's life was on the line." Natasha didn't correct her. She got the information she needed. There was no reason to keep up the lie. At least, not a tactical one. "Oh, which one was it? Stark? The monster? Your little boyfriend?"
"It's just a matter that would be best discussed in private," Natasha said.
"No, we haven't," Fury admitted. "I wouldn't find this too concerning, though. Stark's always done this to himself."
"Ah, you must be miss Donovan, am I correct?"
Getting off the elevator, Lara looked around, surprised not to hear alarms blaring. At first, she thought the foyer might be soundproof, but as she walked into the hallway, she was surprised to find the entire floor was as quiet as a mouse. Cautiously, Lara took a step forward. For some reason, she was afraid that the alarms would start back up again when she was least expecting it and scare her. However, they didn't, and Lara proceeded to the communal kitchen without any incident.
"Yes ma'am," she said. "I just saw it happen on live security footage."
Let's start with the pandemic because it's kind of the elephant in the room. To be clear, I wrote and posted that storyline with Clint getting infected months before the Coronavirus even first popped up. I had no idea this was going to happen and if it makes you uncomfortable to read those chapters again, I don't blame you. I'm a little uncomfortable reading those chapters myself. (Though my discomfort centers around the fact that I'm pretty sure now I got a lot of things wrong about quarantine and isolation, but I'm not a medical professional, so that was bound to happen.) My mental health - like so many others' - took a nosedive after the pandemic started and it's been really hard to motivate myself to even get out of bed, nevermind write. My physical health also hasn't been good. I haven't gotten the virus yet, but I've had other health issues to deal with and it's been a little hard to get in to see an actual doctor since this crisis started. So, yeah, that's been impeding my ability to write, too. I know, this is all excuses, but to be fair I have up to chapter forty-seven completed and you are going to have two solid months of uninterrupted posting, so really it's not that bad.
"C'mon stranger," he said. "I've been waiting to be alone with you forever." Steve smiled at that but first went back to shut the door before climbing in and wrapping his arms around Tony.
"You bet your ass it is." Clint nodded.
Everyone set about getting their orders and as they did so, someone suggested that they take their food out to the lounge so they could watch a movie while they ate. Tony pointed out that there was a television in the kitchen and it was much bigger than the one in the lounge, but everyone else pointed out that the couches in the lounge were far more comfortable than the chairs at the dining table. Thus, he was overruled. Tony relented, but only on the condition that the puppy be kept far away from their food. Clint and Lara seemed disappointed by this, but nonetheless Clint corralled Lucky behind the empty bar. That way, they could keep an eye on him.
"I do," Natasha said.
She couldn't remember how Talos found where they were at Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S., why she thought it was a good idea to drag her best friend – a single mother to a ten-year-old girl – into space on a dangerous mission that could have gotten them killed, how exactly they planned to stall the Kree on Earth, and why all common sense left her when she saw that the Skrulls had families. That last thing bothered her the most. Although she knew Talos and his family were good people, something in her gut told her that it wasn't one-sided; that in war, nothing – especially the atrocities – were ever one-sided. Her heart sank the more she thought about it and she held on to the version of events that she could remember clearest like a lifeline, if for any reason, because her own feelings of self-worth depended on it. It was a selfish reason, but one that kept her from spiraling into dangerous behavior. She could not afford that; not now, not ever.
"I don't want to hear it."
"But Stark has to." Tony's stomach began to sink. "Tell me, Mr. Stark, do you have faith in this woman who has lied to you, stolen from you, and endangered your life already?" Tony tried to speak, but Pepper beat him to it.
"Sure," Annabeth said. "Go ahead. Everyone else already has."
"I don't think so," Lara said. "Wait, definitely not. I said he was famous for something before 2006. We've mostly been watching the classics to catch Steve up."
"They were going after the rest of you," Lara pointed out. "Other than that, one messed up question at the Q&A, they went pretty soft on him. I figured if they were going to go after you guys, it'd be all or nothing."
"Have you talked to anyone about it?" Natasha asked.
"Actually, do you mind if I accompany you?" Tony narrowed his eyes at Romanoff.
"What the fuck," he shouted. "You hit me!"
"Oh yeah," she said before turning to Clint. "What the fuck was up with that?" Clint looked around the room with wide eyes.
"My blood type is AB+," Pepper said.
"Because I've been up for two days panicking about that video," he reluctantly admitted. He kept his head down so Rhodey couldn't see his expression, but from the sound of his voice, he could tell that he was trying not to cry. That was something he'd only seen Tony do twice in his life. The first time was four years prior when Tony's parents were killed in a car accident, the second was when the man who practically raised him – Edwin Jarvis – passed away earlier that year. While the fact that he was currently detoxing probably had something to do with it, showing such outward emotion spoke volumes about how affected he was by this. He truly thought his life was over, and that made Rhodey's heart sink. Gently, he put a supportive hand on Tony's shoulder.
"You know, your understanding of sociology is pretty poor for someone who used to be a federal agent," Tony commented.
"Just a friend?" Bruce felt a feeling he could only describe as someone dropping a stone in his stomach.
Natasha was the epitome of the term "light sleeper." The Red Room had trained it into her from day one. It started with the trainers startling her and the other girls awake at random points during the night. However, as they grew and honed their skills, the trainers from just startling them to full-on attacking them as they slept. As a result, even many years later, Nat was constantly on guard as she slept; waiting for the next attack to come.
"Do you need any help getting inside?" he asked.
"Already?" Tony rubbed his eyes. "Okay."
By some miracle, one of the nurses was familiar with ASL and quickly offered to translate for him. This clearly came to the relief of Dr. Wayne, who immediately started asking medical questions. Most of them were yes or no – most likely for simplicity's sake – but it was clear the doctor knew how to ask the right questions and glean as much as possible from the limited answers. Clint could tell, though, that what he was saying was concerning the doctor.
"Sorry about that," Carol said. "I had to wait for things to die down a bit before I left."
"That is the point." Steve could see something clicking together behind Tony's eyes. "That's Loki's point. He hit us all right where we live. Why?"
"I know," she assured again. "And I understand that you have reason to doubt her but give her a chance. She could really want to make amends."
"You're not leaving my sight, either," Romanoff interjected. "In fact, if you show any indication of being physically ill, I'm extracting you from the situation ASAP. Do I make myself clear?"
"Well, what were you thinking before you started drinking yesterday?" Lara asked. "Give us one example. Maybe it will give us a helpful clue."
"Let go," he demanded.
"Alright then," Tony said, and the call swiftly ended. Tony put the phone back on the nightstand and promptly went back to staring at the backs of his eyelids, waiting for sleep to come.
"Yup," Oswin said happily. "Just a left, a right, and another left. I should probably get off-camera now. I'd go a lot faster if I was paying attention to where I was going."
"You'd be surprised," she said. "Treat people like people and they'll treat you like people."
"Alright, fair enough," he relented. "But at least let me exit out of the thing I was doing properly."
"Because eventually, you're going to have to make a choice," Carol said. "It might not be today, but for your sake, I hope it comes sooner rather than later. That day I could have either shrugged off the consequences of my actions and kept on drinking, or I could accept that I needed help and start reaching out. Thankfully, I chose the latter and I was all the better for it. I gained a new best friend and my sobriety helped me to repair my relationship with my old one. I'm not going to lie, it wasn't easy – especially when I was going through withdrawals – but I'm glad I made that choice. God only knows what would have happened to me and who I would have hurt if I hadn't. When it comes time for you to make that choice, I hope you remember my story and I hope it helps you to become better." Stark looked down.
While this was going on, Carol could hear the door above her shut and lock, along with the sounds of footsteps coming down the stairs. Finally, able to stand properly, Carol clutched her fists at her sides, allowing the power to flow through her freely. The resulting glow lit up the silhouettes of Adoniram and the two women approaching her. As he reached the bottom of the stairs, Adoniram let out a mirthless laugh.
"Alright," she said. "I guess I'll see you tomorrow. Err, Tuesday. Tomorrow's a holiday. Anyways, see you." She then went to the emergency stairs, opened the door, and pulled it shut behind her.
Despite this, Steve could feel most of the anxiety that had been ravaging him all day slowly sliding away, being replaced with a sense of self-confidence that he hadn't felt since he crashed the plane into the Arctic. He had to stand up for Tony here. The man clearly wasn't running at one-hundred percent and he was going to get himself hurt. Steve looked Natasha clearly in the eyes and stood tall.
Hill jumped into the passenger's seat, giving the driver the address for New Horizons Labs before spouting orders into her comms unit. Steve, meanwhile, got in the backseat with Natasha. The tension was palpable. Steve knew he had to break the silence before it snapped violently.
"Yup," he said. "That's what I figured."
"I've got a cluster of shrapnel trying every second to crawl its way into my heart," he said.
"Like I'm about to crash hard," he admitted. "Tell Barton and Banner no screwing around. I need to get to the car now." Romanoff nodded and took a step to the side to pass the message on. Tony turned to tell Steve the same thing and saw something that made him smile.
After showering and taking her nap (which lasted until about three in the morning) Lara wasn't left with much to do. After all, her one and only job were to monitor the building's power levels and call Tony if something went drastically wrong. All she was essentially doing was babysitting his penthouse and as fabulous as that sounded, it was still a very boring job. Though, she should consider that a good thing. Nothing had happened so far and it was looking like this whole ordeal was just going to be smooth sailing over calm seas.
Luckily, Lara noticed his distress and took him by the elbow and gently guided him out of the elevator and down the hallway. Steve didn't lower his hands until the decibels stopped ringing in his ears.
"Last night?" Cabe questioned. "The night before?" Tony still didn't answer her. Pepper gave him a concerned look.
"Isn't that the truth." Bruce started to back away from the door. "Okay, I'll leave you to get dressed, then." Natasha nodded in acknowledgment.
"Oh really?" Tony said. "And what would that be?"
"What do you mean by that?" Hill had to ask.
"Very well," she said. "Let's move on to the last Avenger; Captain Steve Rogers. You met him before the Battle of New York, correct?"
"What?" Lara frowned.
"Yeah." Dante tried to nod, trying to be nonchalant but failed miserably.
After that, not much happened. Tony and Happy chatted for a bit before Happy had to go back downstairs. They said their goodbyes before Tony headed for the local elevator. Briefly, he considered checking to see if Bruce was around before deciding against it. He didn't want to keep Steve waiting any longer, even if going to Steve also meant falling into the cold, cruel clutches of sleep. For Steve, he would face anything. So, he hit the button for his and Steve's apartment and waited for the elevator to come to a stop.
"One… Five!" Immediately the sound of machine gun fire erupted from the surround sound speakers. Lara watched as cop after cop was felled by the power of Johnny and his Tommy Gun. She had no idea why Tony had the entire
Oh, how wrong he was.
"Well, at least, in the end, no one was hurt," she remarked.
Yeah, he understood.
For a moment, Dante just stood there, rubbing his wounded cheek. Slowly, he looked up at her, his eyes as shocked as hers.
"So, you could poison us," Natasha said.
Stepping out of the room, Lara was surprised to see Bruce standing at the teller's counter, talking to the woman behind the desk. Before she could approach him, Lucy walked right up to her, coming to stand so close that she was invading Lara's personal space.
"Other than some minor slander – which can be taken up in civil court – Mr. Freeman hasn't committed any crime," the cop said. "We have no cause to arrest him. We're here because of the Peoples Unity Church." Tony brought the palm of his hand to his face.
"Yeah," Tony said, a hint of guilt in his voice. "Speaking of which, Barton, are you okay?"
"You're hot," Steve pointed out.
"Regardless," she said. "I understand you're feeling scared and frustrated right now, but can you just take a step back for a moment and relax? The way you've been behaving is very alarming and unprofessional, and neither Tony nor I can have you acting this way." Lara shook her head and pressed two fingers to her temple. She tried to take a deep breath, but it came out rather strained.
"You want to know why I drink?" Tony said. "I drink because it makes me better! I don't have nightmares or flashbacks when I'm drunk! People like me better when I'm drunk! Hell, Howard liked me better when I was drunk! I mean, he didn't like me crashing Porsches and hacking into the Pentagon, but he didn't discourage it either! Now before you say 'Howard would never do that! That's not the man I knew," let me give you a little reality check, Cap! He gave me my first drink when I was nine years old! Nine years old, and this wasn't a little sip of wine for religious purposes like my mom did! No, this was bourbon; the best fine-malt money could buy and an entire glass of it! Do you know what he said to me? He said it would 'put hair on my chest; make me a man,' and you know what, he was right! It did make me a man! It made me not care about what he or anyone else thought! It made me not care about anything! I was more fun! People liked me! Now after Afghanistan, I've found a new purpose for it; it keeps the nightmares away! If I have a bad dream, all it takes is a glass or two of any alcohol and I'm out like a light! It's like a fucking miracle cure made just for me! Feeling stressed? Take a shot! Are reporters prying into your personal life? Take a shot! Torture-related anxiety? Take a shot! Has it finally hit you that no one values you for anything but a paycheck or being the bearer of free tech? Take a shot! Can't look your boyfriend in the eyes because you know in your heart that you're unworthy to be in his presence, never mind receive all the adoration he gives you day in and day out" Take! A! Shot! I'm not this drunk because I want to be! I'm this drunk because I need to be! Otherwise, I'd probably do what I should have done years ago and just fucking off myself!"
"Where are you going?" she asked.
"Two of the agents just walked out of frame," she said. "I'm not sure where they went, but I think they might know that the police are here."
"That explains it," the doctor said. "It didn't even hit his system. He just threw it right back up."
"Good," he said. "I was talking to her when I… I'm just relieved nothing happened to her."
"No," Betty said. "What you needed was to find people who understood. That's all, and clearly, I couldn't do that, my dad certainly couldn't, and there was no one really supporting you outside of that. Now you have that support and I couldn't be happier for you."
"You know what I mean," Salinas said. "Utter bedlam has been breaking over the past day and where have you been?"
she thought to herself.
"Wouldn't dream of it." Carol smiled.
"He could still make a recovery," Steve said.
"He didn't touch you or anything, right?" Tony said. "You're fine?"
"Yeah," Steve said as he tried to make sense of it. "Yeah, I just… I had a date."
"Alright," a masculine voice said. "Stark, I think you've had enough alone time with my patient."
"Right." Natasha sighed and looked at him straight on.
"Tessalon and Mucinex," she said. "Both over-the-counter cough suppressants. Both very powerful and both produce results. If you take these, you'll feel better in no time." She then handed him the glass of water. He had no choice but to take it, otherwise, they'd have to waste time cleaning broken glass off the floor.
"And this is the first I'm hearing about it?" Cabe frowned.
"Fair point," she admitted. "Where'd Stark go?"
Opening the box up, Adoniram found it to fill with black foam. There was a cylindrical indentation in the foam, clearly meant to be holding something breakable. Laying across the indentation was a card. Picking it up, Adoniram brought it close to his face so he could read it.
"Huh," Betty turned to look at Bruce. Confusion was clear on her face.
"Sounds risky," Steve said. "I don't think I'd be able to get off of this floor without being seen."
"He said around noon." Steve nodded. That gave them plenty of time to get the guest room ready.
"He's America's golden boy," he said. "What did you expect?"
"Why is the dog at the table?"
"No arguments." Lara's voice was unwaveringly firm. "We're leaving now."
"Why don't you look and see for yourself?" Tony stared at the agent oddly for a few seconds before proceeding to move towards the glass.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 7/8/19
When the elevator came to a stop, Lara was stunned. The doors opened, revealing the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent to be trying to rip the control panel for the elevator off the wall.
"Yes, it's quite interesting," she managed to say without gagging. "I was wondering what about these qualities you find admirable and how they apply to your beliefs." Adoniram laughed.
He thought.
Pulling herself to sit up, Natasha could hear a commotion going on outside. Risking a glance out the window, she could see that most of the press had turned their attention away from them, far more interested in something happening on the street behind them. That could only mean one thing.
Obviously, that news had been disheartening to hear, but even before that the atmosphere in the room hadn't been anything close to cheerful prior to that. Pepper had sat at the head of the table with her hands folded neatly in front of her. She remained silent and was intently listening to everything the lawyers said, only speaking up when they finished and nodding when appropriate. It was clear that the situation was taking a toll on her. She looked paler than usual and even though she did her makeup as impeccably as she normally did, her eyes still looked tired. Just overall, she didn't seem like herself and she wasn't the only one.
"Did he outright say you were fired? Is that why you were crying?" Again, she shook her head.
"What's his name?" Cooper asked.
"What if their actions were justified," Tony said. "Who's to say I didn't do anything wrong? I mean, you know what I'm like when I'm drunk."
"How could you?" he asked.
to kill you."
With their home planet having been taken over by the disease, Tarquan and the remaining Raël searched for a new planet to settle upon. At first, they had sought help from Xandar, however they claimed that no unpopulated life-sustaining planets were available at that time. They offered to settle them on a planet under Xandarian rule but the Raël rejected the offer. They just wanted to live quietly and in peace as they always had, not to be caught up in Xandarian politics and conflict. It was a big universe with plenty of planets to choose from. They'd find the right one, even if it took a while.
"Are you sure?" she asked. "I've never seen you cough like that before." Tony got to his feet.
"Duly noted, Sir," JARVIS responded.
"You don't get it." To his surprise, Dr. Cranston's face was quirked with more curiosity than annoyance.
result you could hope for. It was either that, be targeted for hate crimes and even attempted murder from the community at large or be taken to the asylum. Absolutely nothing was more terrible in Steve's mind than being committed to a lunatic asylum. He had accidentally overheard his mother confiding her experience as a nurse working at an asylum one time when they were particularly hard-up for cash. It made his mother
"What kind of context?" Tony asked.
"I'm fine," he tried to reassure, but Steve wasn't convinced.
"Weren't you supposed to be drafting a statement?" Pepper asked.
"Alright, I don't," he admitted. "But I'm not dreading it, either."
. He wanted to see his friends again; Bucky, Peggy, Howard… He wanted to see his mom again, which was weird. He hadn't thought about her in a long time but now for some reason, he couldn't stop thinking of her. Grief probably had something to do with it. He couldn't have what he wished for, though, and he knew that. Instead, he had to figure out what was the best decision to make given the available, terrible options. Not an easy task, especially when you're holding up an elevator that someone else might need to use.
The rest of the meeting passed uneventfully compared to Tony's emotional announcement at the beginning. They discussed the logistics of how they would interact with S.H.I.E.L.D. – which was important since most of them were not quite sure of how things would proceed given what had happened in D.C. and with the bio-terror attack shortly after. Apparently, because Clint was on bed rest, the entirety of the Avengers Initiative had been put on hold. At least, that's how Natasha put it. Fury wanted all of them to be at one hundred percent before they officially started going on missions. The amount of emphasis she put on the word "all" made it clear that Clint was not the only one Fury was concerned about, making Tony's announcement actually perfectly timed.
Steve had been looking out the window when Tony stepped through the door, but right away his gaze was pulled from the view and to his boyfriend. Without a moment of hesitation, Steve closed the distance between them and pulled Tony into his arms.
