“Yes,” Cas agrees solemnly. There’s a terrible look in his eyes as he clinks his glass against Dean’s. “Fuck those—those
Sam’s never known how to handle Dean when he gets all self-deprecating like that. But Charlie doesn’t bat an eye.
. He tosses Dean a janitor’s uniform and they hurriedly change into them, Dean checking his watch to make sure they’re still running on time. Jack rummages through all the open lockers like a raccoon, only stopping when Dean growls: “Jack,
Jack has his eyes closed and his ear to the safe door. A thumbs up is the only response Dean gets. He shuffles nervously on his feet. Sam and Charlie are barely breathing in the comms.
There’s a hint of sadness in her voice, and Dean knows it’s because it didn’t stay that way. He may not have all the details, but he knows something happened that scattered them all across the Midwest—to Kansas, Nebraska, and South Dakota.
It’s hard to remember that it wasn’t all just screaming matches and silent treatments. The last few years, before he left—yeah, those were bad. But even in that time, there were nice moments. That time Dean let him borrow the car to take Lindsey out on a date in senior year. The time in Texas, when they found a snake curled up on the back floorboard and Dean had screamed so loud, Sam cried from laughing.
Kevin lets out a humorless laugh. “Yeah, well. My life has been destroyed. I don’t know what else to do.”
Cas nods, looking wretched. "I'm so sorry, Dean," he whispers in a rush, as Sam starts to jog over. "I would never ask you not to--I just didn't want you to regret saying anything in front of all these people--"
Cas laughs again, but it turns into a sad-sounding sigh. “I’m sorry I betrayed your trust the last time we met. I think we could have been good friends, Dean.”
Mr. Shurley pulls up his calendar for the third time since Ellen’s been sitting there and stares in confusion. INTERVIEW WITH TISHA MORTENSON it says right there at eleven o’clock. Ellen almost feels bad for the poor guy. Or she would. If he wasn’t CEO of an evil, conniving, murder-for-hire business. While he’s staring at the calendar, she leans forward and sticks the bug gently under the lip of his desk.
security firm to recognize there’s a bad guy in their midst. He gets all the way through the lobby (waving cheerfully at the security guard and handing over his ID for a visitor’s pass to be printed) and up the stairs before he starts getting weird looks. Sometimes Dean wonders if he’s
“Jeez, I thought college was supposed to make you smart. You’re the one who said Dad’s plan sucked.”
Dean can picture how it’s supposed to go. Reggie will be jogging toward his truck, not even paying attention to the bushes he’s passing. Castiel’s hand will shoot out and curl around Reggie’s arm; he’ll yank him down and knock him out before Reggie can even shout. Then Castiel will methodically dress in his uniform, grab his keys, and—
“Do you know Kevin?” The barista interrupts his thoughts as she bags up the pastries he’s ordered. She’s obviously noticed the way he was watching the table.
The reminder sours the coffee in Dean’s mouth. He sets down the mug and pushes it back towards Cas. “So, Sam called you, huh?” Dean asks Bobby. Might as well cut to the chase, since Sam has to leave so soon. “You here to tell us about Azazel?”
“Okay, Klepto,” Dean laughs. “Let’s focus on stealing what matters.” He surveys the room, trying not to feel daunted by the task at hand. There’s about a million filing cabinets in here, but— “Dad said the ledger was in a safe.”
There are balloons tied onto the staircase banister and a big cheerful banner that reads HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DEAN! Someone’s put a party hat on Miracle. Most of the booze and the snacks that were in the fridge are out on the war room table now.
. We’re getting read to go after the ledger. Sam’s here too. But what the hell were you doing with this Free Will place? Can you
“Hey, sorry,” he grins, patting down his pockets. “Must have left my ID downstairs. Let me just grab my mop—”
But then the waitress leads the restaurant in a rousing round of Happy Birthday and Dean sinks down in his seat blushing to the tips of his hair. Cas smiles at him like he’s charmed by Dean’s sullenness and then the waitress leaves with a wink, and Cas is back to staring at his phone.
“Just don’t ask me to get you out of any tight spots,” he says. “Last time I helped you out, it didn’t end too well for me.”
Dean turns to see every locker on the opposite wall hanging open. He gapes at Jack. “What the—how the hell’d you do that so fast?”
“These guys are clowns,” Dean mutters, eyes roving around the little box they’ve shoved him in. His wrists are falling asleep and he shifts uncomfortably.
"Thanks," Sam says. He looks bashful about it, but he shouldn't. Dean's pretty sure this is the best thing they've ever done. In their
Sam sits up a little straighter, and pulls out the stupid legal pad he’s been writing on all day. Somehow a plan has emerged from the scribbles and scratch-outs and doodles. “We need to steal a ledger.”
He doesn’t like to think about that job in Colorado. After that job, Dean swore he was never going to work with Castiel again.
“No, it’s a—false alarm,” Sam’s saying into the phone, still eyeing Dean with wide, freaked out eyes. He crosses the room and punches a code into the alarm box. Dean clocks it without even trying. 1-2-5-5-4. 12/5/54. Mom’s birthday. Fucking stupid to have an alarm when the code is so obvious. “You don’t need to send the police. Thanks.”
Dean blinks at him, surprised to see a sort of steely resolve in Sam’s eyes. “What? What are you talking about?”
“Okay,” Sam says. He’s trying not to be freaked out by Castiel, but the guy’s making it really hard. “
Dean taps nervous fingers on his knee. Him and Sam have been parked in front of Free Will Enterprises, staking the joint out. Dean’s trying not to think about how John must have done this same thing—tried to get a feel for their security measures and what kind of visitors they got each day, saw how out of his league this place was, and then decided to go in anyway. For a fucking
“Shut up,” one of them growls. His hand goes to Dean’s pocket and he feels around, eyes flashing up to Dean’s. “What’s that?”
If he thought that would make things better, he was sorely mistaken. Dean’s face flinches like he’s been slapped. He looks away from Cas, and when he looks back his face is arranged in a blank expression that makes Cas’ stomach sink.
“Mr. Shurley,” the secretary gasps, looking frantic. Ellen recognizes that look well. That’s the FBI-Agent-Bobby-Singer’s-in-the-lobby Look. “I’m so sorry to interrupt. We have an emergency.”
They follow the hostess to a table tucked away in a secluded little corner. Charlie’s chatting with someone across the table who has his back to Dean.
“According to Frank, Free Will gets hired to take out the customer’s enemies. Or their competitors, or annoying ex-husbands…whoever they want to kill, really.”
Jack worms his way into the hug too, and then it's just Cas--sitting on the outside and staring down at the table like it's the most interesting thing he's ever seen.
“Not yet, Cas,” Sam says, though he looks like he hates that fact. “We have other parts to play first.”
Dean sighs happily and ducks his head. “Thanks, Cas,” he murmurs, so quiet that Cas barely hears it.
“Don’t bother,” he tells Dean, sounding bored. “My training far exceeds whatever bar brawling you’ve done.”
you’ve never had a sleepover?” Sam tunes her out; he’s fighting the urge to drop and kiss the pavement. Dean laughs at him, climbing out of the back of the van.
“He did,” Cas admitted. “He asked me a lot of questions. And I—” he huffs out a frustrated breath. “I didn’t react well.”
With a great sigh, Dean snags the bag of pastries and the travel container Channing passes over with the coffees nestled inside.
“We’ll track him down eventually.” Can’t catch all the chickens in one day. “In the meantime, let’s read Adler his rights.”
It’s the most inelegant thing Dean’s ever seen the guy do, and that’s including the-job-that-must-not-be-named. Guy can beat up a guard like it’s choreographed, but Charlie’s driving is the thing that does him in.
“Warn a guy next time, huh? I like it rough, don’t get me wrong; but it’s gotta be safe, sane, and consensual—”
“Don’t worry,” Jack says, grinning. The safe has a spinny wheel instead of a keypad. “I can crack it. Give me five minutes.”
Claire's actually looking a little guilty for calling him out, even though she shouldn't. Dean feels great. A little weak with relief, but lighter than he has in
She clicks through all the channels, one after the other—and one after the other they spill the skeletons in their closets out at her feet.
. He looks like a kid in a Halloween costume. While they’re waiting for the elevator, a guard strolls around the corner. He stops in surprise when he sees them, but relaxes minutely as his eyes take in the cleaning cart and their uniforms. Dean does not want this guy taking a closer look at Jack. It’s safer to involve him in conversation. People have a hard time thinking when they’re talking.
Cas does stop. He turns to look at Dean, eyebrows creased. It’s all shadowy and dark in the bunker, like Sam’s on one of his energy-saving kicks even though Dean’s pretty sure the bunker is powered more by magic than nonrenewable energy. His licks his lips, screws up all his nerves.
Dean stares at the plate in front of him in confusion, before sending a half-hearted glare Cas’ way.
would knock him upside the head if she knew he came here alone. As soon as she finds out he snuck away, he’s going to get an earful. But Dean’s desperate. He wouldn’t be here if he wasn’t.
He heads over to the bar, feeling lighter than he has in years. He almost can't believe it. He has his brother back with him, they're doing something meaningful. And he has a crew. Full of
A tiny, sad smile spreads across his face. He pulls his hand away. “Dean, you can’t just decide to start over.”
“Hey—” he starts, but a shadowy figure launches itself out of the room, yelling and swinging something wildly at Dean.
Jack leans forward in his chair, curious gaze on Ellen. “So, if he’s their uncle…are you their aunt?” he asks. “Are you and Bobby married?”
The guard snorts at that, strolling closer to lean on the wall behind them. “Always working, man. You know how it is.”
Dean digs a napkin out of his pocket and reads: “Free Will Enterprises. Break in at night. Key Card will get you up to sixth floor. Room 612. Find ledger in safe. Code 08973.”
“Why not?” Dean frowns down at his glass, trying to ignore the sting of rejection. He should’ve known.
“Look, he…he’s in trouble. He was casing a joint last time I talked to him. Some big security company in Jericho. Hadn’t heard from him in a few days, but then he sent me instructions for a job. Said it’s life or death.”
Dean’s brain trips over itself and he swallows reflexively. Excitement and dread spike within him in equal measure. “Sam’s not coming?”
, Dean realizes. He feels a bolt of fondness for everyone run through him, hand in hand with an ache of melancholy.
, he tells himself. But the words still come out in a rush: “Dean, I wouldn’t blame you if you thought the same. I know I haven’t been very forthcoming about my past—"
Dean stares at him for another moment longer, trying to figure out what his game is before he abruptly gives up. He collapses into the chair next to him, muttering under his breath. Whatever. Drinking with someone he hates is only marginally better than drinking alone, but he has to take his wins where they come.
There’s a ten-foot-tall brick wall around the perimeter of the school and a wrought iron gate that’s supposed to keep out unwanted visitors. They’re parked across the street, trying to catch glimpses inside every time the gate swings open. So far, Cas has seen a lot of ivy-covered walls and ugly uniforms. It brings back unpleasant memories.
Sam looks unconvinced, and Dean doesn’t really blame him. They’ve talked to a lot of crazy people this month, none of whom needed the help of a crew like theirs. But this is the one. It’s
Jack showed up and was immediately put on dish duty. Sam had looked mortally offended on Jack’s behalf, but Jack didn’t seem to mind.
Dean remembers Cas staring at him. Smiling like he was relieved. Like a weight had been lifted off his chest.
Dean swallows nervously. “Yeah, yeah, me too, yep,” he babbles. He tries to throw back his drink only to find it’s already empty again. He stares at it, betrayed.
“Sure,” Dean says, face screwed up in suspicion. “Next you’re gonna tell me Mrs. White killed him with a revolver in the study.”
Dean shrugs and climbs out of the car. Sam follows him, eyes scanning the coffee shop and trying to guess who Charlie might be—
do it again.” Dean stares at his brother. He looks lit up from the inside out with righteous anger. It’s pretty fucking cool. “So. Is anyone willing to help me?”
“Now can we get Dean out of there?” Cas asks impatiently. Ever since the hits started rolling, Cas has been on the edge of his seat.
“Well. She was right.” Sam searches for something to say. “I’ve been interning at this law office. Sandover and Sons. If things go well, I might have a job lined up before I graduate.”
Dean has a lot of rules for friendship, and he always seems to be adding more. He started off with one rule:
He keeps a careful eye on their group while he orders. Sam already has his yellow legal pad in hand and is nodding at something Kevin is saying. Jack has his own legal pad (that he probably stole from Sam’s stash) and he writes something down every time Sam does. Dean feels a little bubble of hope expand in his chest. All they need is a job. Something to get them out of whatever funk they’ve sunken in to and remind them why they decided to work together.
Sam stumbles out of the passenger seat, taking sweet, blessed breaths of fresh air. In the car, Charlie’s squawking: “What do you
Castiel doesn’t seem to like the idea. “You should know that all of the upper management used to work in the field. They would be there during the day. You shouldn’t underestimate them.”
They head as fast as possible down the hallway to the elevator bay. It feels like it takes forever for the elevator to show up, and then another eternity to take them down to the ground floor. When the elevator doors open, Dean’s heart drops. They’re face to face with another guard. The guard’s hand immediately goes for his gun, but Cas is faster.
“Jack, wait!” Cas hears Dean yell from behind him. “Don’t just dump everything in the pie crust, you need to mix it
Charlie perks up under the praise, but Sam isn’t swayed. “You know what else Dad didn’t have? He didn’t have a crew. And neither do you guys. Charlie’s a hacker and you’re a grifter and I’m…whatever I am. But a job like this needs a full crew. We need a thief and we need a hitter. There’s no way this works with just the three of us. If we’re going to do this, we’re going to do this right.”
Channing shrugs. “I go to Ridgemont Prep with him. I don’t know him that well, but everybody knows he lost his scholarship. Is that why you’re meeting with him?”
—” Cas says, sharper. He comes forward and grips Dean’s shoulder with his hands. He takes it as a good sign that Dean lets him. “That’s not what I meant. Just, listen. If you’re doing this for me, you don’t have to. I would be just as happy with turkey sandwiches and store-bought pie.”
The warmth of the coffee shop is a relief, and Dean inhales the smell of freshly baked pastries and coffee beans greedily as they enter. While the others dutifully follow Sam over to meet Kevin, Dean slips away to order some snacks. They all need it.
“Dude,” Dean says from his spot behind the wheel. He’s watching Cas a little warily, so Cas tries to rearrange his face into something more placid. Dean’s eyebrows rise even higher. “You okay?”
Behind them, Cas pushes the guard back, slamming him into the wall. He bangs his wrist against the wall once, twice, three times—until the guard grunts in pain and the gun tumbles to the floor. Dean winces, half expecting the commotion to attract another guard. He swipes one of the stolen key cards and Jack darts into the locker room. Cas kicks the gun away without looking, effortlessly twisting the guard around into a chokehold. The guard gasps for air, fingers scrabbling at Cas’ sleeve. Castiel’s eyes catch on Dean, hovering at the door and watching nervously.
“You,” Cas says severely, “will do no such thing. You’ve done enough today. You are going to sit here and drink a beer and enjoy being with your family.”
The man’s scowl twists. “Yes. But you shouldn’t have come in without me. I’ve been trying to nail them for years. If you spooked them—if they destroyed any evidence—”
“Sorry to bother you,” Dean calls, smiling as winningly as he can. “Do you know if that Chevy pick-up in the parking lot belongs to someone here?”
rule to friendship,” Dean amends. He tries not to hold his breath while Cas stares at him, considering.
, he has a point. He’s a lawyer!” Dean groans and rubs a hand through his hair agitatedly. “Ugh. Fine. Do you have any favors you can call in, Charlie? Anyone that can get here by tonight?”
As abruptly as Jack’s face had fallen, it lights up again. “Castiel! I was praying we would get to work together again!”
"Yes, I do, Dean," Sam sighs. "You're paying my tuition. You've been paying it. For years. I can't just drop out."
Charlie’s whole face lights up and she holds out a fist for Sam to bump. Dean rolls his eyes and groans good-naturedly into his coffee. “Great. Now there’s two of them. Can we
Sam flushes. “I promise, Bobby. I will. I can’t thank you enough for being here. For helping us. I think I realized something.” Dean can't help but eavesdrop, drawing designs in his glass's condensation as he listens. “I was trying so hard to leave the bad stuff behind, that I accidentally left the good stuff behind too. And there’s a lot of good stuff. I won’t forget that again.”
Something inside of him throbs threateningly as he sits up. Probably his ribs. They’re still bruised from where the Empty threw him around like a ragdoll, but most of the time he’s grateful for the pain. It reminds him that it happened. That Cas is back with them because they
“You’re talking about the ledger that holds proof of Free Will’s role in hundreds, if not thousands, of deaths across the country? That ledger?”
. You’ll get to know him again. Assuming you keep in touch after you go back to Palo Alto this time.”
“I’m Dean Winchester,” Dean says, his best smile stretched across his face. He looks at Cas expectantly. “And you are…?”
Dean could pick a lock in his sleep, so he makes quick work of the shitty apartment door. His fingers deftly maneuver the picks in the dark until the door clicks open, but the alarm that starts insistently beeping makes him freeze.
He pulls his phone out before he can talk himself out of it; tells himself maybe this is the time Dad will answer.
Dean follows his gaze to Kyle Newport. “You know he’s just a teenager, right?” he asks. “Teenagers make bad decisions. They’re practically required to.”
Sam scowls at Dean, who grins into a cup of coffee that Charlie slid over to him. Sam sits down and gets a cup slid over to him too. He stares at it in surprise.
That time Dean had taken him for a drive after that first big argument with Dad. Dad had been yelling at him, and for once in his life, Sam had yelled right back. Dean had been shouting at both of them, trying to shove them apart until he managed to shove Sam right out the door and into the Impala.  Dean had rolled down the windows and cranked up the music and they flew down the road until Sam felt like he could almost breathe again.
“What about this one, Cas?” Charlie asks, still peering over Sam's shoulder. “6/5/71. Paul Richardson. LM OH 480.”
Dean snorts. He’s forgiven John Winchester a lot of things over the years, but this? This is something else. He supposes it’s only fitting that in the end, it’s Bobby and Ellen who tell them. They always seemed to get stuck doing the hard parts of parenting.
be. It’s not the craziest thing in the world to get screwed over on a job. Dean’s sure it’s happened to loads of people. That’s the thing about being in this business. The only people you can trust are your family, and your crew—too bad Dean doesn’t have either.
anyone on this trip. He’s prepared to grit his teeth and get this over with. He only has to do it for a day, then it’s back to Palo Alto and studying and making coffee runs for the real lawyers. Back to normal.
Dean should do it somewhere more special. Not in his car when it has hot pink window paint smeared all over it. But then again, what does it matter? Cas said his piece in a dungeon while Death herself was banging at the door. That wasn’t exactly roses and candlelight.
Back in the van, Charlie’s laptop starts beeping. “Yes!” she whoops. “They plugged the USB in! Oh, to be so naïve,” she sighs, fingers already moving like a madwoman.
A whiff of coffee hits his nose and he glances over at his nightstand, surprised to see a steaming mug resting there innocently. He lets go of Miracle, but she doesn’t go far, pausing only to shake out her fur and settle back down into the warmth of his blankets. Dean blinks at the mug. There’s a little note resting next to it, with careful, too-even letters spelling out DEAN.
“I know. But I thought…” Sam seems flustered. “I don’t know. I thought we could come up with a new plan together.”
He barges out the door, flicking the lights on and off a few times for good measure before he slams it behind him. Dean collapses back onto his bed and tries not to puke.
Dean rubs a hand over his face, the warmth in his gut turning a little sour. For a minute he’d been enjoying talking to Cas. Dude was probably right. If they’d met each other for the first time on this job, things would have been different. Dean’s eyes catch on Castiel’s fingers—long and strong and loosely clasped around his glass. Yeah. Things probably would’ve been
Because he is free to now, Dean plays over so many moments in their history, all those almosts and near misses, and knows only happiness in his heart. They have lost, and they have loved one another, even with never saying the words out loud. They get to now, they get to have everything. They can love one another and be all the things for each other that will bring more comfort and stability than either has ever known. Isn't that something? It's terrifying and exhilarating, and if this new peace in his heart hadn't taught Dean restraint then he would be speeding down the highway, instead of driving at this more leisurely pace. Timing is everything here; Dean doesn't know how he knows but also does, that he will find Cas exactly when he is supposed to.
Home. What is home going to look like when they get back? Muscle memory tells Dean they'll go on hunting, but his heart just isn't is it. They'll figure it all out. Just as soon as they get back.
Everything about this sits wrong. Dean shifts in his seat thinking his jeans are creased beneath his thighs, or that he left something there from their last drive. His grip on the wheel loosens as he moves, tugging at the back of his shirt collar, the buttons of his shirt, even attempting to adjust his belt buckle. Whatever is out of place is in him, not any of the material he's clad in. The fluttering starts at some point mid-chest, first a deep, slow-burning like those nights him and Sam have tried to out-spice each other with the dishes they've ordered from an Indian restaurant not far from the bunker. Then it creeps under his skin leaving everything thin, and tightened, clammy one moment then shivering with heat the next.
"Well, Cas. Considering the way you used to look at me like you might smite the life right out of me, I'd also prefer it if you weren't mad at me."
Cas' smile is the most beautiful thing Dean thinks he's ever seen. He knocks his shoulder against Dean's, then nods at his lap. "Your knife."
He's in touching distance. Cas. The one who has saved him over and over again, given Dean purpose and strength when he'd thought he'd had none. And he's loved him, for all this time, without ever asking for anything in return. Is it any wonder in these final moments of being alone, that Dean is overwhelmed by the gravity of knowing he won't ever be again? He doesn't think so.
Cas turns to him, and though there are now only paces between them Dean's knees convince him he's been walking for miles. With a trembling breath and shaking limbs, he steps forward, his heart hammering away as Cas does the same.
, he isn't ready. He isn't ready, and the unfairness of it all is puncturing him, over and over, worse and more fierce than any rebar ever could. He'd fall to his knees and weep but even he is empty, nothing but rage hammering away inside his heart. And then it drops away to more nothingness. It's over. His grief for passing is gone before it even really starts.
Does Cas feel responsible for him dying? Guilt? Dean can't have him thinking that. "Cas. I'm not saying I wanted this. I had all these plans, these ideas, for living. I really did. But it happened. And I'm here. I can't change that."
"Oh, nothing. Just... making sure saying it out loud isn't gonna get either one of us dragged off somewhere, or some hellhole opening."
He's walking again. Moving, somehow. There is no breeze against his skin or noise to seek out. There is no shift in the endless darkness everywhere he turns his head, and no break in the stillness all around. So the white noise that fills his ears the moment a tug on his chest drags him forward, there is nothing to prepare Dean for it. One moment he is nowhere, and then, he is here.
It’s all part of the show: that blue-eyed adonis dances with two contestants (Dean being one of them), then, based on how the dances go, chooses which one he wants to see again. Dean knew this, he
Lisa smiles at all of them in turn as she makes her way to the coffee table, picking up the single rose boutonniere resting on its surface. She looks down at the rose in her hand, then her eyes flick back up. “Dean,” she says. “Can I steal you?”
Winchester looks over at them, his eyes narrow and brimming with anger. There’s a deep purple bruise already building under his right eye, which is almost swollen shut. His lip is split, and there’s a deep gash at his hairline, slowly dripping blood down his face. Cas is sure that Winchester would have regaled them with every curse word in the book if he hadn’t been gagged, the thick cloth that’s been forced between his teeth digging into the edges of his mouth.
As if to prove his friend’s point, the man holding Cas pulls the gun away and then smacks it hard across Cas’ face. Cas cries out in pain as the metal stings his skin, cringing when it’s placed back against his temple. He can see Dean stiffen, but he doesn’t try anything else, to Cas’ secret relief.
His brow furrows, and he narrows his eyes at Sam. "He's depressed?" he repeats, and Sam nods. Cas studies him for a few more seconds before adding, "Jesus, Sam, I thought you were going to say he was on his deathbed."
He hates this, hates having his back to everyone and everything. He’s vulnerable, just standing here like a goddamn lovesick moron. He bites his lower lip, watching the way his knuckles are turning whiter and whiter around the railing and cursing his past self for, well...everything.
Once they’re outta here, Dean’s sworn to himself that he’s never laying another finger on a pickaxe again. Not even a goddamn pinky. His hands are rough and calloused from gripping the thing too tight day in and day out, tiny pinpricks all over his palms from slivers he’s had to wheedle out with his nails when the wardens weren’t looking.
Dean nods. “All right, so, uh, where’s Charlie? Ain’t exactly much space in here where he could hide.”
“Fucking piece of--” He squints through the darkness at the Colt, and Cas’ stomach drops when he hears a faint grunt of recognition in the mugger’s voice. “Oh,
Dean bites his lip and finishes lacing up his boots. “Draw what you know,” he says awkwardly before getting to his feet. “Listen, Cas, it’s nothing, okay? Just an assignment for class. C’mon, man. We gonna leave them all waiting, or what?”
Cas chews on his lower lip thoughtfully, then nods. "Makes sense," he says. "So twelve miles, and we'll work it so we get to a hill ten miles in?"
Cas unconsciously grits his teeth together, and wonders for a split second if he’s letting his dick do a bit too much of the thinking here.
Dean waves off the apology before Cas can say it. “As much as the Internet loves to shit on me, I don’t do
“Hannah told me you wouldn't be going on break until later,” Dean grumbles, taking a few staggering steps forward and depositing his armfuls of what Cas now recognizes as presents and Tupperware onto the break room table.
“This is it?” he asks. He’s trying hard to sound casual, not too disappointed, but from the glare Sam shoots his way, it’s pretty clear he’s fucked that up too.
Dean stiffens a little at the question; Cas can feel Dean’s fingers grip his tighter. He lets out a rough, humorless laugh and leans back so that he’s lying down on the grass, staring up at the sky. “Seeing you would be nice. The real you, because I’m sure Sammy’s descriptions don’t do you justice.”
to be the reason why they don’t make it out of here. He sucks in a deep breath through his mouth, but no matter how much oxygen he gets, it’s not enough, especially not with the smoke from the train’s engine bearing down on them too.
“Not sure,” he says, tapping his nose against Cas’ before kissing him again. “Bet we could make one, though.”
All the air in the room seems to disappear at once as everyone pulls in a shocked breath. Cas’ eyes widen as he takes in the soldier in front of him. He’s not even a man--he can’t be much older than Cas himself, at 22.
“Watch it!” Dean yells, pressing his hand to the top of Sam’s head and shoving him down just as a torch comes flying into the barn. It lands on a nearby hay bale, which catches almost instantly, because when can things ever go right for a goddamn Winchester?
“I’m glad I’m not the only one who has trouble convincing him that he’s a good person,” he grumbles, and Sam laughs.
Dean looks at him, and Cas is able to maintain eye contact for a few seconds, but when a sliver of a grin appears on Dean’s lips, he looks away. He’s still looking away when their waitress brings their check over.
Cas pauses at that, realizing that he doesn’t actually know. He types out and erases a couple of different replies before finally settling on one that sounds the least like he’d rehearsed it.
, and it makes Cas cringe. He’s not sure if he’s done it on purpose or not, and decides not to comment.
“Do you think if we just sit here, they’ll cut the intermission short and we can get back to the show?” Cas asks, and Dean laughs.
“I have no space or patience for a writer--especially one of your...subpar caliber--” Cas winces at that, “who refuses to write an article assigned to them. It shows a tremendous lack of respect and unprofessionalism.”
. He’s got half a mind to spring up and tackle Cas, but before he can, Cas’ palm is on his chest, pushing him back down. Dean’s eyes follow Cas’ arm up until he sees Cas on his knees before him, shoulders heaving, his own dick hard and leaking in his hand.
“But we don’t have the money for that,” Dean finishes, pushing the card back toward him. Before it gets all the way there, though, Crowley stops it with his own finger.
Ellen finally nudges in between Dean and Lisa, wrapping her hand around Lisa’s wrist. “Sorry to interrupt,” she says, “but me and Lisa need to have a chat.”
punch him this time, then turns back to the house that had been more of a home to both Winchester boys than their own place back in Lawrence. It’s exactly like he remembered it, like it’d been plucked right out of his memories. The deep blue paint worn down by weather, sun, and dust; the dilapidated front porch with the wicker rocking chair; the crooked window that had had to be replaced three times before Sam and Dean had learned not to play ball in the front yard. Dean’s not close enough to see yet, but he’s practically positive that the cobwebs bunched up in every corner are still intact too.
“When my folks died.” Dean’s answer is so blunt, Castiel feels like he’s been punched in the face. “Car crash,” Dean continues before Castiel can respond. “About five or so years ago, during that really shitty winter with the ice storm that knocked out the power for a week. It’s how we got the house, basically.”
Cas tries to push his bowl away from him as inconspicuously as possible and he takes a deep breath, trying to get his nerves under control. He’s just being naive; he knows that Winchester is the enemy, that there’s no redeeming qualities to his name, not a single one. At the same time, though, he can’t completely force his doubt about the validity of Lucifer’s statement from his mind.
It’s a towering Victorian that Cas sees as the definition of an eyesore with its deep purple exterior, bright teal shutters, and matching front door. It’s far too big for the lot it’s in, crammed on the corner of the street across from a run-down salvage yard, and Cas can just picture all the ticks he’s probably attracting as he tugs his suitcase through the overgrown yard.
As if on cue, their sound engineer, Charlie, bursts into the room, a giant grin plastered across her face. “Holy fuck, he’s here,” she hisses, taking care to keep her voice low, but the brightness in her eyes betrays just how excited she is. “Everybody be cool.”
Dean had only heard it twice, but he’d recognize that voice anywhere, and he can’t hide the grin that comes when he turns around to confirm his suspicions. “Billie?”
“It’s not some kind of geographical oddity, Dean,” he says, stiff phrasing that, Dean’s come to learn, is a staple of Cas’ speaking style, and more important, sense of humor. “It’s just hair.”
Cas' eyes flare wide, though he raises his hands to rest against Dean's chest. Does he not want to touch him? Does he not want that sort of relationship with him? Does—
And Cas is all perfection, endless trenchcoat, crooked tie, and hair standing on end. Dean stumbles to a stop to look at him in wonder. This? This is what happiness is.
Needs him, wants him, loves him; it's strange after all these years of suppressing all these feelings that for being without Cas each of them stands out even starker, and louder. All those moments, and every one he's backed away from for being convinced Cas couldn't possibly feel the same as him. All the sleepless nights when he's composed messages, rehearsed conversations, stared at Cas just thinking at him, prayer or otherwise. How did Cas not know? How hasn't he already put on display everything that's in his heart? Dean knows he has to do this, to rescue Cas from The Empty, because how else is he going to be able to tell him how much he is loved?
By his side, Sam turns and reaches into the back seat, pulling a tablet from an old, scuffed bag. Out the corner of his eye, Dean watches whatever he is doing on the screen, waiting for him to speak as Sam zips the bag up again.
The thing is, having a crew isn’t as glamorous as he dreamed about. Mostly, it’s a lot of driving around aimlessly while they look for someone who needs their help. Turns out it’s a lot harder to find a job when you’re determined to
"Good. Good." Dean tries to flag down the bartender and fails to get his attention. "I'm happy you're--oh, sorry--" His pocket starts to vibrate. He catches sight of the number, and every ounce of good feeling leaks out of him. Like he's a balloon that was savagely popped.
Dean ignores him, yanking the ledger out of Sam’s hand and stumbling back to sit on the other bed. He thumbs feverishly through the pages until he finally stops, sucking in a heaving breath.
He stares down at the man the sign was left on. His name is Zachariah Adler. Victor recognizes him from case files he could never close. As far as he’s concerned, whoever wrote this sign did him a favor. They tied Adler up like a little present for the FBI Agent lucky enough to stumble across him. Damn, it really is his lucky day.
“It’s fine,” Dean grumbles. It makes him look adorably put out. “It’s not a big deal. I could probably stand to relax a little bit. It’s just. For the first time, I have hope, you know? I have you. Sam and Eileen are here. Chuck is gone. Jack is alive and doing good things. I just wanted one day. One day where we have everyone together, so if things go sideways in the future I can look back and remember how nice it was. But. Turns out Thanksgiving meals are kind of hard to pull off alone. Sorry.”
“Okay, so…so both of you, just stow your crap. We can’t afford any in-fighting. If all goes to plan, we’ll finish the job tonight and you’ll never have to see each other again.”
He eyes the drink he left at his old seat mournfully and Cas sighs, gesturing for the waitress to bring Dean another shot.
On cue, Cas comes running out of the building. Behind him, an alarm starts blaring. He runs faster. He jumps lightly into the back of the van and pulls the doors shut behind him. At the sound of the doors shutting, Charlie punches the gas and peels away, tires squealing.
good at blending. He’s been wandering around the sixth floor for seven minutes before a hand finally clamps onto his arm.
Dean’s thrown into a room with a shitty little metal chair and plastic zip ties around his wrists. He has to fight the urge to slip out of the restraints and talk himself out of here. This is the first time he’s gotten caught on purpose.
Kevin has looked up from his book and his eyeing them suspiciously. Sam squares his shoulders and nods. Dean claps him on the back. “Don’t look so blue, Sammy. This will be a good case. I can feel it.”
“Uh, okay,” she squeaks, sending nervous glances between them. “Obviously there’s some history here. But maybe we can put it aside for the sake of the job?”
Rather than look embarrassed as Dean had hoped, Castiel looks almost amused. “I did tell you it was nothing personal,” Castiel says. His voice is placid and unemotional, but his eyes have a hint of a laugh in them. It makes Dean’s cheeks flare with anger.
instead of whether or not Dean is who he says he is. He keeps it vague; lets the guy assign whatever meaning he wants to. Sure enough, he groans, face collapsing. “Don’t remind me. Jesus, when are they gonna fire Linetti?”
“I’m not scared!” Dean snaps on reflex, though he really, really is. Castiel raises an eyebrow at him. “Shut up.”
, Caaaaaaas!” Dean screams, scrabbling desperately to wrap his arms, legs, hell—his whole body around Cas. He closes his eyes tight and waits for death.
—like he was buying a jug of milk, not beating the shit out of the guy. He hasn’t even broken into a sweat. The guard’s walkie talkie crackles to life. “Delta come in. What’s your position?”
Charlie’s been Dean’s getaway driver many times before, so he knows that as soon as those back doors shut, you better get low and hold on for dear life. Cas, of course, doesn’t know this—so when Charlie presses her foot down, his eyes blow wide and he stumbles back and forth for a few seconds before tumbling down in a graceless heap.
“Yeah, they got the tires man. I chased ‘em off, but they’d already put it on blocks—if you know who owns it, they should probably take a look—”
to be." He probably shouldn't have said it. There's nothing Sam hates more than trying to be controlled. But he looks so glum. If he needs an out, then Dean can sure as hell provide one.
"Yeah," Dean huffs. "Too bad making the bad guys pay doesn't pay the bills. That's not how the life works."
Cas cocks his head, eyes staring at Dean like he used to. Like he’s trying to see into him. “Because you’re another year older?”
Dean crosses his arms and leans back in his chair. “You’re telling me that John Winchester risked his neck for a list of names? Why?”
It’s over in a few seconds, Cas thumping down ungracefully in the bushes at the back of the building. Dean’s heart is throbbing in his throat, his hands clammy with panicked sweat. He shoves away from Cas, doing his best to salvage his dignity. It was confusing in mid-air. Maybe Cas just missed how Dean was clinging to him.
Baldy smiles unfeelingly and then yanks the USB out of the guards hand. He opens the door. “Find out what’s on this,” he orders someone outside the room.
“What the hell, Cas?” Dean asks, crossing his arms and barely even looking at Sam as he bails. “The cranberry sauce almost burned because you ditched me.”
, Dean isn’t doing this for Cas. If he was, Cas would’ve been having significantly more fun. For once, Dean is trying to do something for himself. “I’m sorry, Dean. I thought. I… It seems I was being selfish. Sam and I both were.”
Zachariah stares up at him mutinously. “You can’t arrest me. I was attacked. I was the victim of a crime!”
Miracle jumps up on the bed, panting happily and nosing at his chin. Dean startles, but gathers her in for a cuddle anyway, scratching gently behind her ears.
Sam stares at Dean, unsettled. Dean had always seemed excited to settle in to a new motel room—to test out the water pressure and search through the drawers for forgotten items. Too late, Sam realizes that was probably for his benefit. That Dean was trying to make it seem fun for his little brother, even when it was royally fucked up.
“It’s really quite beautiful,” Cas says. “A lot nicer than the others.” Dean looks unconvinced, so Cas starts to describe it. “It’s up high,” he says, “as I’m sure you noticed, with the long escalator ride.” Dean grunts in affirmation, and Cas continues. “You ride right over the Charles itself, and it doesn’t matter what side you’re on; when you look out the window, you see the river and the skyline. And it’s very nice, especially on a sunny day like today. The crew teams are still out on the water practicing, and the water itself is...shimmery. Like a mirror.”
“Christ, Castiel, the mystery of why you’re so uptight all the time could be solved with a simple fuck from the wonderful Dan Westchester.”
According to Dean, Fenway Park is actually one of the smallest ballparks in the country, but to Cas, it seems huge. Dean maneuvers them through the maze of concrete floors, souvenir booths, bars, and food stands until they’re standing in front of a short hallway that’ll lead them into the park and to their seats.
“Yeah,” Dean says with a short huff of laughter. “Me too. Hey,” he says suddenly, leaning across Cas and pointing at a building they’re passing. “Look at that narrow-ass house, huh? Cool as shit. Always wanted to go in there, but you need a reservation weeks in advance. Sucks, but maybe someday, right?”
“So, uh, how’d you sleep?” From the way Sam’s talking, he knows damn well how he slept, and Dean ain’t gonna give him the satisfaction of saying it out loud.
Cas’ cheeks redden, but he tries to recover quickly. He still isn’t used to Dean not seeing his nods or smiles or vague descriptions of things, and he feels like a dick whenever he makes the mistake, but Dean brushes it off easily. “Uh, the car in the garage. It’s a black--”
Cas smiles—and not just with his lips, with that flash of teeth that Dean really needs to tell him drives him wild. “Not sure I’d say that.”
Practices start to last longer and are held more often, and before Cas knows it, they’re a day away from their season opener.
He says it like it’s the easiest thing in the world to describe. Cas’ cheeks are on fire, and he tries hard to swallow around the lump of anxiety that’s formed in his throat.
Cas and Balthazar are taking tickets at the Omni Theatre today, and now that everyone has been ushered into the afternoon show about glaciers, the two of them are left in an empty lobby with a half hour to kill before the next show.
Things like the tiny little hole in the chainlink, the invisible lines where wardens would stop and pivot on their horses while monitoring their work outside, leaving blind spots a mile wide.
“Trust the process, Sammy!” With that, he slams down hard on the gas, sending them careening forward through the flames.
Dean purses his lips and considers this. “Understandable.” He tosses the ball up in the air, his eyes following it back down into his glove, then looks over at Cas. “Speaking from experience, this place ain’t bad with financial aid, so you should be all set.”
“Senior figure drawing,” he says automatically, tucking the little note of ideas in the last few pages of his planner. Charlie rubs her hands together excitedly and Dean narrows his eyes. “What’d I just sign up for?”
A few moments of awkward silence later, Michael emerges from the back, a wide, accommodating smile plastered across his face. He claps Castiel on the shoulder and pauses on his way by and whispers, “It’s ten of three, just take off, okay?” and Castiel is taken by surprise by this small act of kindness. He nods quickly, mouths a polite
“Right? Glad you dig it, man. I don’t really show it to too many people. Only the ones I think would appreciate it, you know?”
“Yes,” he says uncertainly, falling into step with Dean as they approach the port’s entrance. “Gabe’s got a hangover, and Balthazar wants to spend the day at the slot machines.”
saved. They’ve all been watched, and they’re taking up valuable memory space. Cas mentally chides himself for not deleting them and opens the folder to do just that, but stops short.
“Uh, yeah,” the Colt says. “Attempted armed robbery in the alley at the corner of Boylston and Tremont.”
“I’d like that.” He pauses, then asks, “Dean?” He reaches over and entwines Dean’s fingers with his own, letting their hands rest clasped together on the grass.
,” the man with the gun says, and Cas squeezes his eyes shut, his chest heaving as the cold metal of the gun ghosts along his neck. “Not a word, got it?”
“So,” Dean finally says once Jack’s curiosity with a neighbor’s rose bush had waned, “heard you stopped by the other day.”
Cas studies him for a few seconds, and Dean’s about to change the subject when Cas finally asks, “So what is it, really?”
“Yeah, they’re cute. Together for three years before this. Reckon they’re ready to take on anything now.”
Cas stares at them in dismay. “You’re not even that excited for me when I get home,” he says to Oliver accusingly. Dean smirks, stroking his fingers gently between the kitten’s ears.
“If someone took him,” Sam says, his voice low  and enough to get Dean to go still with its urgency, “then what do you think the chances are that they’ll be back for us next? The three of us are a package deal.”
“Get it, Henriksen!” Benny hollers, smacking the aluminum bench repeatedly with his open palm, leading to even more cheers from the rest of the Wildwood team.
It’s a small place, smaller than the name would have you believe, with the only rolling hill being the one leading up to the compound. The weather’s on their side, the sky cloudy, a cold mist in the air getting steadier as the minutes tick by.
“No,” he says, grinning. He picks up his glass and holds it aloft, waiting for Cas to do the same, then clinks them together. “Definitely not the only one.”
“My brother’s seen the show already, he said he and his girlfriend were tearing up then, and both sobbing by ‘Who Lives, Who Dies, Who Tells Your Story’. So, I mean, I guess we have some warning going in.” Dean shakes his head in disbelief, a small grin on his face. “Never thought I’d get
. “I’m, uh, about the other day. I was a dick. I shouldn’t have yelled at you, you were only trying to help, like you said. I mean, you were doing a shitty job of it,” he lets out a huff of laughter, “but still. And, well, yeah.”
Even though it’s not exactly the happiest news, Dean’s taken to scooping up facts about Castiel like they’re treasure, trying to piece together more about this walking enigma as he goes. Strong but silent type, distant family, a whole heap of daddy issues...it’s not much yet, but it’s a start.
He’s quickly learned that it’s tradition for the Wildwood baseball team to use almost anything to go out to eat--he’s had dinners to celebrate birthdays, Fridays, Dean’s acceptance into the university art show, even ones just for Benny passing a programming exam he’d been particularly nervous about.
, Castiel Novak,” he says, tilting Cas’ chin up to face him, smiling softly at the way he can feel Cas leaning into him, “are pretty damn stuck with me. Fate worse than death, I know.”
!” Balthazar yelps delightedly. “Yes!” He pumps his fist just as a lost group of guests wanders into the theatre lobby. He beams at Cas. “Proud of you, sweetie,” he says with a wink before turning to help the guests.
Cas gazes out the window, watching as they start to leave the city behind for Hopkinton, the suburb where the race will begin. His mind wanders, and he starts thinking back to earlier that morning, shortly after he and Dean had stumbled out of bed and were getting ready for the day they’d spent the last few months preparing for.
, who fought through motion sickness and my bad grammar to beta this fic on a five-hour bus ride, and made me laugh with all her comments to go along with her edits <3
Dean turns back around just in time to see Garth swinging the driver’s side door open and sliding out into the open air, balanced precariously on the edge of the door.
“That’s putting it mildly,” Cas mutters. “He could’ve killed himself out there, Charlie! And I just slept right through it, was oblivious every time.”
Cas hesitates. “Well, I mean, it’s hosted by women’s soccer, and I know Anna’s on the team, so I thought…” His voice trails off when he sees Dean glance down uncomfortably.
“Sorry,” Sam says suddenly, stepping back as if he’d been shocked. “I know some people don’t like hugs, I didn’t mean—”
“Cassie!” Balthazar looks almost surprised to see him, and Castiel can’t blame him; he’s got a bit of a reputation for backing out of plans at the last minute. He recovers quickly, though, and tips his half-empty glass toward Castiel in greeting. “How’s tricks?”
Dean bounces on the balls of his feet for a few seconds, then hands Cas his cane, kneels down, and runs his hand over the asphalt. His hand goes back and forth between the painted asphalt and the regular Boston street as he swipes; Cas wonders if they feel any different.
“That’s rude,” Cas breathes, reaching down to grab Dean’s hand. Dean cranes his neck to try and make contact with Cas’ lips again, and Cas moves himself up an inch or two at a time so that Dean has to sit up to actually reach him for another kiss.
The soles of their sneakers smacking against the pavement are the only noise in the early morning, and to Castiel, it feels a little ominous. He’s half-expecting them to end up as kidnapping victims who will show up on the six o’clock news, but shakes his head to rid himself of that thought.
Cas takes a breath and quickly shakes his head to collect his thoughts. “Do you mean food that’s good for you, or just food that
“Go get some rest,” he says, clapping a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “And try not to get hit with anything else on the way home, all right?”
The corner of Dean’s lips quirk up in a smile, and he holds his beer out in a toast. “Well, I’ll drink to that.”
Dean groans and sprawls out across the couch. “Thanks for the vote of confidence, Sammy,” he calls across the room.
. It’s like Coachella, but for runners: tens of thousands of runners are milling around, getting massages, chatting with one another. Vendors are handing out free snacks and drinks in an effort to make sure each and every one of them is taken care of to their best of their ability before the race begins.
“I, uh,” Dean falters, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly, “I was just wondering if you wanted to grab some food or something. I mean, it’s not fair of me to send you out into the world without having the chance to talk more about that goddamn show, right?”
Dean can’t hear much over their screams as the barn doors get closer and the flames shoot up higher around them, but the unmistakable sandpaper-rough voice next to his ear somehow still manages to cut through everything else.
“It’s actually a lucky break,” Balthazar muses. “He won’t even be able to see what an ugly mug you’ve got for yourself, Cassie.”
Cas opens and closes his mouth, trying to find an adequate response to Hannah’s creepily accurate observation, and she laughs. “Find me for lunch, okay?” And before Cas can answer, she turns on her heel and leaves his cube, humming, “Just sit right back and you’ll hear a tale, a tale of a fateful ship…”
Cas looks just as confused, and Dean gives himself a few seconds to mourn the lost moment as he pulls away, trying to make sense of what the hell’s going on. He doesn’t want to, but when he finally forces himself to look away from Cas, he spots a radio on the corner of the bar, and if Dean had to wager a guess, he’d say it’s tuned to Charlie Bradbury’s little middle-of-nowhere station.
Castiel's mind wanders back to when he first started running, to dodge bullies and older kids on the playground, and can't help but marvel at the fact that his now favorite hobby grew out of fear. It started as a necessity--don't get beat up--and it still is one now, but for entirely different reasons. He doesn't do it to avoid getting tormented anymore, now he does it to avoid the stresses of his everyday life. The simultaneous rush and exhaustion and post-run high make him happy, and one day, something switched in his head, and running didn’t associate itself with fear anymore.
Novak’s mouth quirks up in another one of those infuriating half-smiles, and he crosses his arms over his chest. “I wouldn’t have brought it up if he didn’t.”
Gabriel leans to the side and looks at Sam and Dean like he’s noticing them for the first time. He doesn’t say anything, just looks ‘em up and down. With a lack of anything better to do, Dean waves once, his head tilting along with it. Gabriel huffs out a laugh and nods.
“Yeah.” Dean rubs the back of his neck with his free hand and looks down. “Sorry about that,” he says, and that’s the
The photos finally finish uploading, and Cas scrolls through, giving them a quick once-over for quality and to make sure that they’d upload successfully when he posts them on the paper’s account tomorrow morning to support his story. He gets to the bottom of the page and is about to log out when he notices that Facebook’s facial recognition has tagged someone in one of the last photos.
“Trust me, it’s not you. All part of the job,” she says, shaking her head. “Anyone can learn some steps at least halfway-decently, enough for a quick TV spot, for sure. But a lot of what goes into a dance is trust. Not just in yourself, but your partner.”
Dean stares at Castiel and chews on his biscotti slowly before swallowing and giving the man a crooked smile. “Wanna hear a funny story?” he asks. Castiel stays silent, looking at Dean expectantly, and Dean is struck by the fact that even if the folder had been ten shades brighter, it still wouldn’t have come close to the piercing intensity of the blue in Castiel’s eyes. In fact, he’s not sure he’s ever seen
His phone starts buzzing on the coffee table and he glances at it, an incoming call from Charlie. He considers ignoring it, eyes darting back to Dean’s photo, but Charlie never calls if she can help it, so it must be important—or at least interesting.
“Fuck,” Dean breathes. Leave it to his past self to call his future self the fuck out about his romantic ineptitude. Scrubbing a hand down his face, he closes the sketchbook and reaches for his laptop.
“All right,” Castiel says hesitantly, gripping his side of the tray. Dean reaches down to open the oven door, and they start to maneuver the tray down toward the rack. A blast of heat hits Cas in the face as they bend down in front of the oven, moving slowly to avoid dropping the tray, and for a second, Cas feels stupid. This would be so much easier if one of them did it--but if just one of them did it, he wouldn’t have an excuse to be this close to Dean.
He trails off, his throat going dry when his gaze catches on one freshly showered Castiel Novak standing at the entrance to the sitting room. He’s looking like he feels awkward as all hell, but as far as Dean’s concerned, he’s never looked better.
Novak picks up more chains next, and Sam follows their lead, shaking out his shoulders as the three of them zero in on the train. “Fast as we can, boys.”
“You don’t usually make pie?” he repeats, trying and failing to keep the disbelief out of his voice. “A bakery that doesn’t sell pie.” It’s not a question; it’s more like he’s just trying to wrap his head around the fact. “You’ve gotta be kidding me,” he says with a shake of his head and a small smile.
Taken aback by the question, Cas chokes on his drink. He coughs a few times, trying and failing to be discreet about it, before looking up at Dean.
--” Dean barks out a quick cross between a laugh and a scoff “--was bad. Kid almost broke my nose with that one.”
They spend the morning in Union Square, browsing through comic shops and record stores and an impromptu farmer’s market. Cas knows that all they’re doing is effectively killing time until lunch, when Sam had told Dean he could meet them, but he could spend the whole day like this, just walking around with him. He can’t get enough of watching the way he reverently holds up an old record like it’s a newborn, or the way he teases Cas when he digs through shelves of comics for the fourth copy, always the fourth copy, because who knows what’s been done to the first three, Dean?
“He’s a grown man!” Sam practically shouts. He runs his hands through his hair before continuing, his tone more level this time. “And besides. I know you’re set on him not having left of his own volition, but...we gotta consider alternatives too.”
Somehow, “Spending the day mooning over you and trying to figure out what the hell it was about me that made you do a total 180 so quickly” doesn’t exactly roll off the tongue, so Cas settles for a tiny shrug.
“But Cassie,” Balthazar whines, sprawling himself out across the couch and draping the back of his hand dramatically over his forehead, “if you don’t come, who’s going to bail us out of sea jail?”
He leans back on the heels of his hands, staring resolutely out at the water in front of them. Had there been a point or five Cas would’ve done something like this in the past? Hell yeah, but that was before. Before the looks and smiles and brushes of what could’ve been—what could still be, as long as Dean keeps going.
For a few seconds, Cas considers keeping up the facade, insisting that he’s fine, he’s ambivalent toward Dean, he’s just doing this for his friends, couldn’t give less of a shit. But one more look into Dean’s eyes tells him that the guy’s bullshit sensor is on red alert, and he sighs.
“Yeah, I…well, I was gonna go down to the beach and see the meteor shower, and…if you…?” He trails off, but holds up one of the cups and smiles sheepishly.
Eventually, Ben joins in a game of dodgeball, and Dean slips back onto a steady, non-bouncy surface and heads back to Lisa. She beams at him from the table she’s seated at and offers him a sip of her soda as he drops down next to her.
“Obviously.” She winks and smirks at him. “Doesn’t mean we can’t hint every so often, though. Super subtle.”
Not long after they find seats across from each other at a picnic table under the main pavilion next to the brewery itself, a salt-and-pepper black lab comes ambling over, leash trailing behind him on the concrete. Dean can’t help but think that Sam would be in his heyday here, especially when the dog starts sniffing at him and Cas.
Dean takes all four steps without a problem. Cas is surprised at how second-nature directing Dean has become; he doesn’t even have to think about doing it now, and doesn’t really remember the last time he had to.
After another half hour, Dean’s got five or six small fish piled on his shirt as evidence of his handiwork. He grins down at his bounty with excitement he’s trying real hard to hide as he waits for some kind of praise.
He doesn’t know—where they’re headed, how much gas is left, how they made it out of that goddamn place alive—but he keeps driving long into the night.
He’s not the only one with this mindset; several of his fellow soldiers are making their way toward the large main tent in the middle of camp, which is where only the most important meetings and conversations happen. It’s also rarely used, which is why Cas has to do a double take when he hears several different voices yelling that that’s where the group is heading.
It takes less than half an hour at the trampoline park for Ben’s persona to make a complete 180. He matches Dean’s enthusiasm pace for pace, and the two of them take turns diving into pits of foam blocks, practicing flips onto different trampolines, and mastering the art of the trampoline slam dunk—well, at least, Ben does.
being the key word, because as it is, Dean’s stuck next to Novak for ten hours a day, listening to him make noises that’re nothing short of obscene as he works. Dean tries to focus—really, he does—but when one of the most handsome men he’s ever seen is just standing there looking like
He smacks Cas hard on the back before heading back out of his cube. “Stop by my office after lunch, we’ll talk due dates, and maybe a raise, some paid vacation time…” He trails off, flashes Cas his trademark slimy grin before disappearing down the hall.
The waitress returns to their table and sets their drinks down. Dean grabs his and jams a straw down into the liquid.
“But Chuck Shurley isn’t the only dream weaver in Hollywood…” Billie continues. She, Hannah, and Charlie look at the two of them expectantly, and Cas’ heart swells as he feels Dean lift their entwined hands up into the air like they’d won some kind of contest.
On impulse, Dean digs into his jeans pocket and pulls out a travel-size pack of tissues. He opens them as quietly as possible, pulls one out, and nudges Cas, who stiffens immediately, apparently unaware until that very moment that someone is sitting next to him. He glances at Dean with wide, apologetic eyes that are still wet with tears, and Dean shoves the tissue into his hand.
Cas smiles, but he also can’t help but see the logic in Dean’s concerns. He doesn’t want to be used against Dean as much as Dean doesn’t want him to be, but he has no idea how to avoid that situation without breaking things off with Dean before they’d even started.
, you wanna take that class, right?” Cas nods, and Dean shakes his head sadly. “Wrong. So fucking wrong. I feel so betrayed.”
admitting, by the way—but even if there is, I don’t need your help snapping out of it.” Cas loves his brothers, he does, but he can barely handle them on a good day; there’s no way he’s paying $3,000 for the fucking privilege of spending two weeks trapped on a ship with them, birthday or not.
“Consider it a pre-vacation present,” she says with a grin. “That, and if I know you at all, I know you’ll purposely fuck this up so that you can’t go. And trust me, I know you well.”
The diner is lit up with a hazy red neon sign that spells out A-R-R-O-W vertically, and Dean's excitement is palpable as he holds the door open for Cas and allows him to walk through first. A caffeine-fueled waitress tells them to take a seat wherever, and Cas grabs them the last open booth.
“Cas?” Dean takes a few steps forward, toward where he last heard Cas’ voice, but before he can get far, the man recovers and delivers a hard punch to Dean’s gut. He gasps and doubles over; before he can recover, the man punches him in the jaw and then shoves him up against the wall again. Dean’s knees buckle at the sudden pressure, and the man punches him once more before pinning him to the wall with an arm against his throat.
He still remembers hearing the news when it first happened, how the image on his TV screen had filled up with chaos and smoke, how the announcers didn’t know what was going on, thought the smoke might’ve been caused by an accident or malfunction from the T. Once it had been determined that the smoke wasn’t from a malfunction, but from bombs, he had tried to call Anna, and subsequently started panicking because practically every phone line in the city was jammed, and he couldn’t get in touch with her until hours later.
“Take a guess,” she says with a wink, pressing one of the yoga mats to his chest. Dean stares down at it, a bit dismayed, and Lisa pecks a quick kiss on his cheek before bouncing up on the balls of her feet a few times. “They have clothes for you to change into upstairs. I’ll meet you in there!”
“Dean…” He’d be lying if he said the idea of living his life in the spotlight to the same degree Dean does isn’t mildly terrifying. Dean’s right: it’s not something he wants, but he doesn’t want to be without Dean, either. “I know I’m not exactly suited for a life in the spotlight, but what’s done is done,” he finally says. “You don’t need to protect me, and I’m not ending things because of a magazine ninety-nine percent of the population wouldn’t even use to house-train their dogs.”
Dean fiddles with the small black box in his hands as the limo drives him to where Lisa’s waiting. He and Michael have had their final dates, their last chances to convince Lisa that they’re the one for her. Now it’s time for her to make her decision, and Dean’s working hard not to puke.
According to Charlie, their recording wasn’t just “not bad,” but one of the best she’d heard in recent memory. Ushering them out of the studio, she’d explained that this would be a hit with the radio stations, and although Dean had had a feeling she’d been blowing smoke up their asses, none of that mattered when she’d handed each of them their share of payment.
“I noticed.” Dean looks at Cas’ jeans for just a bit too long before glancing up back up at him. His lips quirk up in a half smile. “Have a good night, man.” He flashes Cas a quick wink and heads for the exit, leaving Cas to stare after him.
Hannah grins, a sparkle in her eye. “He always likes a challenge,” she says, and Billie and Charlie burst into laughter.
It takes Cas a few seconds to process this. “You’d get reprimanded if you were seen in the elevator alone with me?”
A small silver bell jingles above his head as Dean pushes the bakery door open, and the fragrances of vanilla, cinnamon, pumpkin, and at least ten other scents Dean can’t identify flow past him and onto the street. The bakery is small, warm, and dry, a welcome reprieve from the drizzly, gray weather outside, and Dean runs a hand through his slightly damp hair as he looks around.
,” Cas repeats, with force this time, and he hasn’t seen Gabe’s face fall this quickly since the time he found out he couldn’t bring the fireworks he’d bought in Australia back home with him.
Dean remembers the three of them referring to him as the Dancing King for the next few weeks—hell, Charlie even changes his name in her phone to reflect it—but that’s it. He doesn’t remember filling out the application form, doesn’t remember uploading a photo of himself, doesn’t remember hitting SEND, but apparently he fucking did each and every one of those things, because two weeks later he’d gotten a call from an unknown number congratulating him on being chosen as a contestant, and two weeks after
The anxiety curling deep in Cas’ stomach starts to relax at that, and Cas lets out a slow breath. He rests his hand on Dean’s leg, toying with a small rip in the denim at his knee. “I wasn’t expecting this.”
He wets his lips, closing his eyes before giving himself a light smack across the cheek to wake himself up. When he opens his eyes again, Sam’s staring at him. “What was that?”
It’s a small building, a bit run-down and in need of a new coat of paint, but if the well-worn sports fields and sidewalks full of chalk art are any indication, there’s no shortage of positive energy and learning throughout the school.
He doesn’t particularly like the acts of dodging cars and wayward tourists that go hand-in-hand with running, but running has afforded him the ability to discover and explore countless backroads and side streets that he never would have stumbled across otherwise. He keeps his music turned off as he listens to the sound of his sneakers hitting the pavement over and over; their steady rhythm slowly but surely calming him down. Once he reaches Kenmore Square about ten minutes later, he clicks on his headphones and turns the streaming crowds of fans heading to that night’s Red Sox game into an obstacle course. He weaves through confused-looking families, elderly couples searching for a place to sit, and ticket scalpers insisting that
He’s included eight pizza emojis, and Cas turns the phone around wordlessly so Charlie can read it. When she’s done, she looks up at him and grins.
It’s clear that’s not the answer Ben wants to hear. His arms drop back to his sides and he pulls away from Lisa, head down as he makes a beeline back to the living room.
Dean shakes his head, but it still comes out before he can think twice about it. “Don’t deserve you.”
“Word to the wise,” Dean says after a pause, clapping a hand on his little brother’s back weakly. “Don’t piss off the nerd angels.”
Cas stares at him. Maybe Balthazar had had the right idea with the unlimited drink package, after all.
Cas’ eyes widen as he’s cut off by Dean’s lips pressing against his own. He’s so surprised at first that he doesn’t return the kiss, and Dean pulls back, his cheeks red, eyes averted. Cas’ hat is sitting askew on his head.
Dean waits a beat, trying to process that. “Jesus,” he finally mutters. “Makes sense you’d shy away from sharin’
Cas glances down at his drink, and when he looks back up, he can’t—or won’t, he’s not sure which—hide the faint traces of a smile playing on his lips.
wouldn’t,” Dean says. He seems confused that he even has to tell Cas this, and Cas feels another puzzle piece of Dean Winchester click into place.
He hangs up, helpless anger coursing through his body. He feels so useless, sitting next to a brother who doesn’t want to be there and trying to get in touch with a dad who doesn’t want to talk to him.
“It’s in the ledger, Sam!” Dean shouts, hurling the book halfway across the room in a fit of sudden anger.
the ones who set the fire. How many other people’s lives have they taken? How many other families have they destroyed? How many
different,” Cas muses. “Think about it. Chuck is gone. You have no more apocalypses to defeat. No more strings being pulled. I wasn’t exaggerating when I wrote that you do everything for others. Maybe your soul is ready to do something for itself.”
“Yeah, well, everyone’s kind of a jerk in high school,” Dean says, shrugging. “You live and you learn. At least you’re not a jerk anymore.”
“Yes,” Sam says, seemingly oblivious to the bags under Cas’ eyes. “We need you to make sure the client doesn’t give us any trouble.”
“Well. Judging by the voicemails he leaves me, he’s pretty pissed,” Dean says tightly, suddenly looking like the front gate is the most interesting thing he’s seen all day. “Haven’t actually spoken to him since we handed over that ledger to the FBI.”
His eyes catch on Castiel’s for a just a moment. He might hate the guy, but there’s no denying he’s a fucking awesome hitter. Dean gives him a quick nod of thanks.
“It’s Charlie,” Dean manages to mumble around the sudden bitterness on his tongue. “She found a hitter and a thief that can make it here in a few hours.”
The room spins dizzily around Dean’s head. “So you think I’m right?” he asks. He hates how young he sounds. He clears his throat and roughs up his voice a little. “You think my mom was—
Dean sees red. The fact that he had fucked with Baby in the first place was bad enough, but now he’s threatening to do more? “You son of a—” Dean aims a kick at where Castiel’s shins should be, but he hits only air. Somehow Castiel has sensed it coming with his freaky spidey senses and moved his legs out of the way. Suddenly both of his ankles close around Dean’s like a vise. Dean flails around, trying to get free.
Dean drives home with one eye on the road and one eye on Cas. He’s texting someone again and Dean is tapping his fingers on the steering wheel.
“You believe this assassins for hire crap?” Sam asked incredulously. “Dean, this guy Dad was talking to sounds like a nut job!”
Dean can tell who it is just from the tan coat, the messy brown hair, and the set of his broad shoulders. It’s exactly the same outfit he was wearing last time Dean saw him.
Ellen chuckles, patting him on the shoulder. “Don’t hurt yourself, sweetie. It’s good to see you too.”
Dean makes it into the steakhouse first, but only because Sammy was too proud to run the last few feet. Dean has no shame, so he opens the door with an accomplished smile and beelines it for the hostess, Sam muttering darkly behind him about
He glares out the window of the Impala. He can just make out Kyle chatting with his friends as they walk down the sidewalk.
Okay. Dean is fixing that. As soon as they get out of here, Dean is sitting Cas down for a marathon, no questions asked.
Dean rocks on his heels, doing some quick calculations. It’s technically Saturday, even though the sun’s not up yet. That gives him, what, a day and a half with his brother? A day and a half to steal this ledger. It’s cutting it close, but he’d have to be an idiot to pass that up. “Okay. Sure. I can swing that. Sunday.” He grins. “We probably won’t even have to break any laws.”
“Lola Parker paid them to shoot someone in Texas and make it look like a carjacking gone wrong,” Castiel says from his spot on the couch.
He looks so serious as he says it. Dean can’t help the snort that erupts out of him. It feels nice to feel something that isn’t anger or sadness or numbness. “Yeah, fuck all the assbutts,” he leers, grin turning into something genuine when an embarrassed flush appears on Castiel’s cheeks.
The rest of the day moves in much the same manner. Cas pipes up with random information about Free Will Enterprises. Sam is totally in his element. Him and Bobby have been bickering over the best ways to fuck over Free Will for hours, which means whatever plan they end up with is going to be rock-solid. Ellen’s talking to Jack and Charlie, telling them stories of old jobs—like that time she conned her way into a royal wedding. Hilariously, Jack is taking notes, but Charlie is just staring at Ellen with some drool collecting at the corner of her mouth. Dean can practically hear the alarm bells of
Through his haze of confusion, Dean sees people all over the place, laughing and cheering. Eileen. Jack. Jody and Donna. Charlie. Bobby. Claire. Kaia. Alex. Patience. Garth.
True to Bobby’s word, when Dean shuffles into the dining room everyone else is already there. Jack is chattering to Bobby and Sam, and Charlie is at the continental breakfast spread, loading up a plate with as many pastries as she can fit. Castiel is slouched next to Jack, clutching a mug of coffee and looking like he’s considering committing violence on anyone who dares to speak to him. Dean takes a small comfort in that. At least he’s not the only one looking like death warmed over.
, Sam.” Dean feels suddenly, glaringly, out of place. He doesn’t belong here. He shouldn’t have come. He doesn’t know why he did. It’s like a compulsion. Like picking at a scab until it starts bleeding again.
Dean follows her directions, Cas stepping lightly behind him just in case they run into any trouble. They don’t. Dean scans the keycard and goes through a door marked EMPLOYEES ONLY, leaving Cas in the hall. It’s a little staff locker room with another exit on the far wall. He strides across and opens the door just wide enough for Jack to slip in.
Dean lets out a surprised shout of pain, working his jaw back and forth when he sits up straight. Dean
He darts along the hallway, crawls under a window, and slips into the stairwell where he jogs up to the sixth floor. He listens at the door for a second before peeking his head out. Coast clear.
“Not a disappointment,” Sam assures her. He gestures to her shirt. “Anyone who shares my commitment to house elf rights is someone I’m happy to meet.”
Dean does what any semi-retired hunter would do when faced with a surprise party. He pushes Cas behind him and fumbles for a gun that isn't there.
look, but she’s bouncing her way back to the table, more intent on her plate of food than on Dean and Cas. Dean lets himself relax a little more.
There’s another moment of silence; broken only by Charlie nervously tapping her fingers on the table.
Prepping for a job is second nature at this point. Dean leaves Charlie to work her magic and try to find them some backup that’s close enough to pinch hit. He hopes whoever she finds knows what the hell they’re doing. The last thing they need is a someone who’s never worked a job messing everything up.
“That doesn’t necessarily mean anything,” Dean cuts in. “Dad knows how to go off the grid. Maybe he tried to grab the ledger and things went south. If he’s got assassins for hire after him, he could be lying low until things cool down.”
Someone kicks at his foot under the table—probably Charlie. Jack and Cas are staring at Dean like he’s lost his mind.
“Black coffee’s fine,” Sam interrupts, feeling more discombobulated than he thought he would. “So, you work with Dean? No offense, but you’re not exactly what I was picturing.”
Dean feels a trickle of humor leak through him. He gives Cas a thankful, crooked smile. “Well, when you put it like that…”
“You seeing anything helpful?” Dean asks. He waves his phone. “Charlie’s asking about security cameras.”
He buries one of his hands in Miracle’s fur, sucking in a too sharp breath. He feels like he’s shaking apart, but she just blinks up at him calmly. Having her steady presence here is grounding a little bit. Enough that he can relax his grip after a moment or two. He goes back to petting her. He doesn’t know whether it’s more soothing for her or for him.
Cas huffs out a breath. Eyes staring angrily down at Zachariah. He looks away for a moment, jaw working, before he finally asks: “Do you have any of those zip ties?”
It was there every time John left them in a motel room. It was there when he got to Stanford and was really, actually alone for the first time in his life. And it’s here now—now that his mom might have been murdered.
Ellen sits down and slides the bug out of her purse. It’s as tiny as an altoid and is practically unnoticeable when she hides it in her palm. Nothing to do now but sit back and wait for the show to start.
“What can I do?” Jack asks excitedly. Cas smiles at him. “You can mix up the apple pie filling. I think Dean’s already done the crust.”
Cas has killed people. He knows how to use his fists to inflict maximum damage with minimal effort. He has definitely hurt more people than he’s helped. But…Dean is still smiling at him. Dean thinks he’s a good person.
"Yeah," Dean sighs. "I know what you mean." It's tough to reconcile the image of the Mary he keeps in his head--someone who wore sundresses and had impeccable hair and baked pies all day--with the truth of who she really was. His vision seems so stupidly Stepford wife now. "I think we probably would've been a
“What the hell,” Bobby mutters, his eyes looking suspiciously bright under his hat. “You’re gonna need someone there to make sure you don’t royally screw the pooch.”
Dean snatches his wallet back bad-temperedly. “Fucking thieves, man,” he grumbles. He sits down in the farthest seat from Castiel, which unfortunately also happens to be the one across from him. Dean hides his face in the menu so he doesn’t have to look at him.
His normal line of defense against a security alarm is to already know the code. Or to have Charlie work some nerdy magic. Dean could guess at a few different codes here, but the suspicious creak of a bedroom door across the room lets him know he doesn’t have time. So much for the element of surprise. He curses and stands up, hands raised and a sheepish smile curling on his face.
“We used to be a crew,” Ellen tells Jack. “John was the hitter and Mary was a damn good thief. I was the Grifter. And Bobby here, could run a con in his sleep. He was always the brain behind our operation. We were the best of friends. Family in everything but blood.”
Sports are usually a good bet, especially with these tough, alpha-male looking types. Lots of emotions are tied up in the memories, which always make people think of
Channing gives him a meaningful look as she moves away to finish up the coffees he ordered. “Exactly.”
Dean rolls his eyes, but there’s a grateful smile on his face and his shoulders are a little bit straighter. He grabs Charlie’s empty coffee cup and pushes away from the table to refill it at the counter. For the first time, Sam realizes that Dean and Charlie aren’t just partners. They’re
Instead, he turns his attention to the lockers, tugging on doors until he finds one that swings open. “Dammit,” he curses. “No uniform.”
Dean heaves himself up. “I’m gonna make myself useful and grab some dinner,” he says. “You want to keep me company, Cas?”
Castiel sits, but he doesn’t look comfy. He’s perched on the edge of the couch, like he might get up and leave at any minute. Sam gives up on him and turns instead to Jack, who hands over the ledger obediently.
“Hello!” a voice chirps behind them. Dean tears his glare away from Cas, spinning to find the human equivalent of a puppy. Seriously: floppy hair, eager smile, wide eyes—the whole nine yards.
“Hello, Jack,” Castiel says, leaning away from the table so he can be seen. “It’s nice to see you again.”
“Let me just grab my stuff,” he says. He heads across the hall to his room, wincing at the acrid smell of whiskey still clinging to the clothes he’d left in a heap on the floor. He must have sloshed some of his drink on himself at some point. “Hey, do you remember how we got back last night? I was super out of it.”
, Dean realizes with a sense of distant horror. Cas rolls his eyes and yanks his hand away, twisting it at an odd angle and snapping a bone or two. The guard screams as Dean flinches away in disgust.
Instead, he just smiles faintly back at Dean, guilt twisting sickly under his skin, and resolutely turns back to survey the ivy-covered walls of Ridgemont Prep. They’re here for a reason. They need to see how hard it will be to get inside.
Dean takes a breath. Decides to rip the band-aid off. “Look, we figured out Azazel hired one of those Free Will bastards to set the fire. But what I want to know is
“Oh,” Dean’s voice is a little higher than he would like. Great. So Cas just swung him up over his shoulders and carried him back 4 blocks. Wow. Awesome. Why does Dean have to get so messy when he’s drunk?
All morning he’s been marching around the kitchen like someone half-crazed—eyes wild and a smear of flour on his temple. He’s been feverishly whipping mashed potatoes and barking things like “Sam,
to learn how to talk. How to deflect attention from concerned adults, how to find a way to get food for him and Sammy. Throwing punches at adults wouldn’t have helped anything, especially not when you were a kid as scrawny as Dean.
Dean gives a short nod and changes the subject to another, equally unpleasant one. “Speaking of complicated, what the hell’s going on between you and Sam?”
“Oh yeah,” Ellen said. “Pretty sure it was your secretary. She called me and scheduled me in for today.”
Suddenly he’s pushed forward several feet as the door is shouldered open behind him. Dean is standing in the hallway, looking back and forth between Cas and Sam like he’s been betrayed. “Well,” he says, and that’s his fake-happy smile, Cas would know it from a mile away. “Isn’t this cozy?”
"Sure you can," Dean says. "I hate to break it to you, Sam, but I wasn't exactly using my own money. If you don't want to go back, then don't. Don't torture yourself on my account."
Charlie sobers slightly, tapping quickly on the keys of her computer. “Yeah. Okay. I did find something. You guys are probably not gonna like it.”
in front of a client. For now, he passes Cas a cup of coffee, offers a croissant to Kevin, and sits back as Charlie starts telling them everything she’s found out about Kyle Newport.
They swing in from all directions, screeching to a stop in front of the Free Will offices. FBI agents flood out, jogging up to the lobby.
He’s never subscribed to the idea that a day could make much difference. Your birthday is no different from the day before it. You still have to deal with all the shit life throws at you. Just because you’re officially older doesn’t mean you’re wiser or more well-adjusted or more equipped to handle it.
“Tell me, Dean,” Cas says, leaning forward. He drops his voice low; taunting. “Were you able to flirt your way into a new set of tires?”
And now, Cas knows him even better. He didn’t think it was possible. He’s only been back from the empty for a few weeks, but now he knows the way Dean’s voice sounds like honey when it murmurs sweet things in his ear. He knows the awkward, pleased tilt of his mouth when Cas says something that makes him blush. The way Dean hid his face and groaned like he was dying while Cas clumsily jerked him off last night.
Cas pushes open the door that leads into the bunker, but he grabs Cas’s hand before he can get too far inside. “Cas,
Adler’s face has drained of color. “No,” he rasps. “They took it. They—they must have brought it back. They planted it on me!”
yell at me. Okay, can we have this conversation with coffee? Please? We’ll be there in a few hours. Ugh, don’t look at my GPS information. That’s creepy. Yes, I said
“Chuck Shurley is still in the wind,” Castiel points out. “As well as several high-ranking managers.”
“We’re FBI and we’re here with a warrant!” He waves the piece of paper in the air. It works like magic. People hear the W word and they panic. People start scattering like ants, guards jump on their radios, and Castiel quietly slips away in all the hub bub.
He ignores the coffee in favor of the note, plucking it up delicately and unfolding it the way one might defuse a bomb.
The guard nods a goodbye and wanders away, mind still caught on whoever the fuck Linetti is. With any luck, they’ll be long gone before his mind circles back to Dean and Jack.
“They’re going to have increased security since our last visit,” Castiel announces once they’re all settled. “It won’t be so easy to get in at night again.”
Dean shrugs. “It’s our job to know stuff. Look, I don’t know if my brother told you this, but we’re only taking on good causes right now. I don’t think trying to worm your way back into a scholarship after you got caught cheating counts as a good cause, so—”
Sam follows Dean over to the table, incredulity mounting with each step. Charlie is…not what Sam expected.
“HP would be the target’s initials," he explains awkwardly. "Probably related to Lola based on the last name. Killed in Texas by a GSW, or a gunshot wound. 215 is code for a carjacking.”
“Hello!” Jack says. He has just enough time to raise his hand in greeting before the guard clamps down on his wrist and yanks him inside.
“You would do that?” Castiel asks, sounding confused. He’s staring at Dean like he’s never seen anyone like him before. Huh. Maybe Cas could use a friend too.
Dean snatches his wallet and keys. All that’s left is his phone. He searches around, a little distracted this time. “So, what. We talking like piggyback ride or—?”
thoroughly,” Cas puts in. His voice sounds serious, but he quirks his lips minutely in his blink-and-you’ll-miss-it grin. Dean barks out a surprised laugh.
. Has it really been that long since he’s talked to his brother?  A little bit of guilt pokes at him, but he shoves it away. He’s been busy. Busy taking the LSAT and getting into law school. Busy finding an internship that he would be able to juggle while studying. “No,” Sam finally says. “We, uh. We broke up a while ago.”
Channing gives him a sour look, but eventually shrugs. Dean strides over to the table. He starts to overhear Sam and Cas’ argument before he’s even halfway there.
Dean already knows it belongs to this guy. His name is Reggie Baker and he seems like kind of douchebag based on what Charlie dug up, so Dean doesn’t feel too guilty using the man’s love of his truck against him.
His brother, on the other hand, has gone soft. Sam’s taller than he remembers and seems a little less gangly, but he’s spent too much time spent hunched over file folders. It’s easy to flip Sam over, stick a knee into his back and pin his arms behind him. Sam’s still struggling underneath under him, spitting curses at him and craning his neck to try and see his attacker (which is a fucking
,” Dean mutters, biting back the laugh. He grabs Cas’ hand and forces it into his own. Cas lets him do it, even though he could probably break Dean’s wrist with his pinky finger or something. He shakes Cas’ hand pointedly. “Nice to meet you, Cas. Wanna be friends?”
But Kevin pauses in the act of standing up, his book clutched in front of his chest like a shield. “How did you know I lost my scholarship?”
Cas looks up toward the ceiling, like the cheap chandeliers are going to give him answers or something. “I once deceived and betrayed your brother,” he tells Sam.
“What?” Dean laughs. He looks uncertainly at Sam. That’s impossible. Jack didn’t come anywhere near them yet. But Jack is digging into his pockets and pulling out two familiar wallets. He offers them out to Sam and Dean. “
Dean ducks into the first bar he sees, which means it’s a real hole in the wall. Dingy counters, smoky air, loud music. Dean has a love-hate relationship with these places.
As one, they all turn to peer through the window again. Kevin Tran, is slumped at a table, reading a book while he waits for their meeting. He’s in jeans and a blazer that’s a little too big for him. He has a bowtie.
Dean rereads the words, aware that the feeling he woke up with is growing stronger. Almost painful. This ain’t his half-healed ribs. This is his heart, beating against the bars of its cage, begging for him to listen to it.
“Dismantling a murderous, criminal organization seems inherently more important than chasing down one man for revenge,” Cas says.
Dean’s mouth feels stuck shut. He only opens it to order a bacon cheeseburger and a beer. Cas is texting on his phone, oblivious to Dean’s sudden bout of paralysis.
Dean huffs out a humorless laugh, straightening back up. “Guess you could say that.” Dean wonders if he called while Dean was getting drunk with Cas last night, or if it was when they were learning the truth about Azazel from Uncle Bobby.
“I know you took the ledger,” Baldy snaps, suddenly losing whatever tenuous patience he’d possessed. “Listen here you little worms—”
“It’s alright,” the kid says. He turns and runs straight into Dean. He yelps, dropping his phone again.
It doesn’t make sense to Sam, but that’s not saying much. He’s never understood John Winchester. “What about signs of life? I’m assuming you can look up phone and credit card activity?”
. Justice for mom, but also for every person in that ledger. For every powerless person who got screwed over just because some asshole had enough money to play judge, jury, and executioner. I want to
“Well, that’s not the way I see it.” He stands up, slapping his hands on his thighs. Plasters a big, fake smile on his face like a band-aid. “Forget it, Sammy. No hard feelings. I know you’ve got other shit to worry about.”
Jack steels himself and marches across the hallways to a door that’s shut tight, sneakers squeaking on the tile floor. He knocks on the door. “Open up!” he shouts. “You have my friend in there.”
Dean had told him when they’d first met. They were crouched in the shadows with a guard knocked out next to them and more of them on the way. Cas doesn’t believe in fate, but that night has made him wonder. What are the odds that they would both decide to steal that particular necklace on that particular night? At the time, Cas had been livid. Dean even more so—both of them convinced the other had ruined their perfectly planned out job.
Victor tucks the ledger under his arm and lopes out of the room, whistling jauntily down the hall. Out the window, he sees a bright yellow van speed past.
“Yeah. Got it in their fool heads that they could do a job, just the two of them. They made it out, but not without leaving a bunch of tracks. Azazel decided he wanted revenge.”
He turns to look at Sam and Charlie and Jack, laughing together at their table. At Cas, solemnly ordering drinks like it's the most important thing he's ever done. At his crew. His fledgling family. His phone buzzes with a notification. A voicemail. Dean doesn't check it. There are more important things for him to think about.
“No,” Dean disagrees. “You’re on a time limit, remember? We’re already losing almost a whole day sitting on our thumbs and waiting for back up—”
“Dean needs our help to make this dinner. He can’t do everything alone. We still need fruit salad. And the stuffing and rolls need to be cooked. And we need an apple pie.” The bang of the front door closing echoes into the kitchen. “Oh good, Eileen is here. She can chop up the fruit. Sam, if you’ve done the celery for the stuffing, you can dice up the onions next.”
“—sleeping til all hours of the day,” Bobby rants, yanking the curtains open so light streams into the room. Dean shuts his eyes, blinded. Is he hallucinating? “What kind of idjit works a job hungover? If my flight home wasn’t already booked, I’d be leavin’ for South Dakota
He slams the glass down and marches over to Cas, only a little bit more unsteady than he thought he would be. “What the hell are you doing here?”
Dean gets dressed in record time, already dreaming about the big, juicy cheeseburger he’s going to shove in his mouth. Food always tastes so much better when someone else makes it. Miracle watches him pull his boots on forlornly, like she knows exactly where he’s going.
Dean grins and jumps out of the van, strolling down the street towards Free Will Enterprises. He wasn’t lying. He
Whatever. His mom was probably murdered and his dad is missing. Dean’s entitled to a few poor decisions.
“I hear you,” he says aloud. To Miracle. To himself. To the fucking universe, maybe. It only took him 42 years, but he’s listening. “I hear you.”
“You said you would help,” Dean snaps, voice low. “Why are you even here if you don’t want to help Dad?”
But forgiveness is a funny thing. Cas has been searching for it for years—from God, from himself, from the people he’s hurt—but he can never seem to find it. Dean had forgiven him like it was nothing.
“Well, your Dad was in contact with him. He seems like a weird conspiracy nut. Gave your dad all this info on Free Will Enterprises. Frank sent him names of the guards, blueprints, schedules—the works. He seems convinced that Free Will is responsible for a bunch of deaths all over the country. According to Frank they do a lot of run of the mill security work. But sometimes they get hired by really rich customers. Frank thinks they’re involved in murder-for-hire.”
. Dean lifts his glass up in thanks, only to falter when he sees Castiel nod back at him. What in the fuck—
His eyes flick uncertainly down to where Dean is still clinging onto Cas’ hand. Cas moves to drop his hand, but Dean tightens his grip unconsciously.
“What is it?” Cas seems distracted, still looking at his phone. The burst of annoyance makes Dean even more determined to do it. To finally say it. To be happy.
Dean grabs Cas’ shoulder, trying to bring him back to the present. There’s a story here, but they don’t have time to listen to it. “No. But we can’t lose sight of the bigger picture.”
The next morning dawns crisp and clear. Everyone is huddled in Charlie’s van and there’s really not enough room for seven people, but they make it work. Dean tries to relish it. This is probably the first and the last time all of these people will be together.
. Weirdly, Dean seemed to be more upset about the fact that Cas had slashed Dean’s tires after their first meeting instead of the fact that Cas had knocked him out and stolen the score that was rightfully Dean’s. Cas didn’t understand this, but then again, he didn’t understand a lot of things about Dean.
risk their butts. That job could have gone really bad, really fast. Sam really hopes whatever in the ledger is worth it.
He doesn’t have faith in a lot of things, but he’s always had faith in Sammy. He watches Sammy’ face change from freaked to determined.
Cas sends Dean a frustrated look and takes the marker from Jack. Dean takes the gun—tucking it into his own waistband, where he’s sure it’s much safer. Cas picks out a crumpled piece of paper from the trash can in the corner.
Perhaps sensing the emotions in the room, Castiel is a little bit hesitant to answer this time. “MW was killed in Kansas on November 2nd,” he starts. The date makes Sam’s heart clench.
"I don't think I like your father," Cas decides, finally succeeding in getting the bartender's attention.
apparently— roars to life again, louder and stronger than before. Dean stares at Cas, shocked silent.
“I don’t know, son,” Bobby sighs. “I think he wanted to when you got older, but by then it was probably too hard to bring it up.”
Finally, someone strides in. He’s different from the other guards, Dean can sense it immediately. He’s tall and bald, with a detached sort of look on his face that suggests he’s used to seeing violence. He’s wearing a suit, not a general guard uniform.
He doesn't quite nail the blasé tone he's going for; his voice is too shaky and all over the place for that. But he gets the words out. Sam's eyebrows fly up his forehead and Garth starts choking on a tortilla chip. Charlie has her hands clasped breathlessly at her mouth.
Every time Sam thinks about his old life, he remembers dingy motel rooms and seedy bars. Places where people could go to lay low and exist under the radar. Places you could lose yourself in if you weren’t careful. Sam’s bracing himself for more of the same. When Dean pulls up to a chic little coffee shop, he stares in surprise.
Kevin heaves a great sigh, sounding old beyond his years. “Fine. But I'm not sure what you think you can do. It's my word against the
Dean can't hide the grin that breaks out over his face. He practically knocks over his drink as he wrestles Sam into a bone-crushing hug. "Dude, if you really want to, I'm in," he says, over Sam's protests. "Helping people, fucking assbutts. The
Dean’s sweating. His legs are shaking. He peers over the edge and yanks himself back, hand twisting tightly into Castiel’s windbreaker. “Not. Happening.”
“Hey!” Dean yells, bucking and wiggling under the guards that come forward to search him. There’s no way he’s making this easy. “Get off me! I have constitutional rights, you know!”
Dean thinks stubbornly. Even if he's changed his mind, Cas deserves to hear it. Dean deserves to say it. But— “Wait,” Cas says again, sounding panicked. “Just—"
It would almost be funny, if it weren’t so fucking sad. Dean Winchester; Grifter Extraordinaire. He can talk his way into auctions and out of trouble just by smiling the right way, but he can’t convince his own family not to walk out on him.
Cas studies Sam and tries to make sense of his words. Why would Dean think that torturing him with cooking would be a perfect day? And more importantly: “Am I Dean’s boyfriend?”
The reminder that Cas is human now, that he’ll age and grow older and have birthdays like the rest of them sends a bolt of panic surging through Dean. Fuck. What the hell is he waiting for? They’ve already wasted so much time and Dean’s wasting more? How many years do they have left? 40? 30?
Cas takes his place at the stove and catches Dean’s eye from across the room, his heart full. This, here, all of them together and talking over one another and bickering—this is
On cue, the music playing on the speakers cuts out and is replaced by recordings of panicked employees.
He scribbles a note on the paper and lets it float down to Zachariah’s body. “Let’s get the fuck out of here.”
Sam leans forward, a flare of excitement in his eye. Dean wonders if he even realizes it’s there. “You know them?”
Ellen and Bobby give everyone hugs before leaving the bar, even Cas--who looks hilariously stiff as he pats their backs. Then, with a wave, they walk out arm in arm, silhouettes heading out into the sunset.
“So, you’ve stolen things before?” Sam asks, sounding relieved. Dean doesn’t blame him. Kid looks like he’s never done anything bad in his life. “This isn’t your first job?”
“Hm.” Victor bends down and picks up a worn brown book that had been tucked under Adler’s prone body. He flips through it. “Is it
Sam snorts. "It all just seems so pointless, you know? In the grand scheme of things. Today we did something really, really good. We made a real difference. Tomorrow I'll be studying for quizzes and making copies again."
It’s an old book. Full up with handwritten names and dates. It goes back to the seventies. “Jesus. How long have these guys been operating?”
“Oh.” Jack’s head is tilted, obviously trying to parse their relationship. Dean wants to tell him not to bother. Their family is so fucked up, a kid like Jack will never get it untangled. “Are you related to John Winchester?”
Many of Dean’s rules seem to be made spur of the moment, and Cas can’t ever tell whether he’s joking or not. He doesn’t have that problem now. Dean’s face is hard, unmoving. He looks as serious as he ever does. He dreads the day when Dean fixes him with that steady look and says,
Cas nods shyly, like he’s still not sure how he and Dean became friends. Hell, Dean isn’t either, but he’s not gonna question it too much.
“Don’t be scared, Dean,” Jack says. He’s finished hooking up his harness and is working on Castiel’s.
let us know you’re alive?” Dean sighs, heavy and world-weary. It’s not exactly the first time John’s been unreachable, but this time feels different. “We know you were talking to some guy named Frank. I don’t know why, but. Damn it. Just call me back.
“I like bugs,” Jack says into the comms. He’s already planted bugs on 8 floors. “Can you teach me how they work, Charlie?”
Cas is wearing an FBI windbreaker, a peek at what’s to come, and Dean pats him on the chest, right over the letters.
Faint sirens sound from the distance. She takes out one earbud and listens carefully, heart pounding. Several SUVs careen around the corner, lights flashing.
Charlie’s put out a ton of feelers, but until now none of them have panned out. They’ve yet to work an actual job since the one in Jericho that brought them all together. Instead, they’ve been crisscrossing the country for the past month, growing increasingly frustrated and snippy with each other.
“Yeah, well, uniforms, gates, guards… It’s all a little too Shawshank for me. What kind of parent wants their kid to go to school in a prison?” Dean’s cellphone starts ringing and he holds up a finger as he digs it back out of his pocket, going almost unnaturally still when he catches sight of the caller ID. Cas has learned that only one person can make all of the good humor drain out of Dean like that.
The words sting, just like Dean probably knew they would. Sam has counter-arguments—and counter-arguments to Dean’s counter-arguments—but it won’t do any good right now. Sometimes he thinks he went to law school, just so he could learn how to debate his dysfunctional family. “I’m not saying we walk away,” he says finally. “But we can’t just go in, fists flying, like he probably did.”
The lights flash on, blinding Dean, and a chorus of uncoordinated, haphazard voices yell out: “SURPRISE!!”
harmless, but he’s got the stickiest fingers Dean’s ever seen. “I wouldn’t consider Jack harmless.” He glances over at the kid. “How old are you, anyway?”
Castiel doesn’t wait for Dean to answer. He slams the door forward, knocking into the guy’s head with a crack. The guard staggers backward, stumbling back out into the hallway and Cas follows him, seizing his shirt and dragging him back into the records room. Dean slams the door shut behind them. The guard’s fumbling for something at his belt—a
"I think I liked it better when they weren't friends," Charlie confides to Sam in an undertone, though Dean can tell by her grin that she's joking.
“Yes, I’m the thief,” Jack says, coming forward with a friendly hand outstretched. Dean shrinks back behind Sam. How can a job go so wrong before it ever even starts?
It’s too late to be getting this drunk—or too early depending on how you think of it. Dean hasn’t slept in too long. His eyes are itching and dry, but he forces them to stay open. He can’t sleep now. Not if he doesn’t want nightmares of flames and ash. A memory resurfaces; he can practically hear it—
Cas shifts uncomfortably. “Sam thinks I’m hiding something.” Dean’s eyes blow wide in surprise. “I wondered if you thought the same.”
Suddenly that feeling Dean's had swirling inside of him all day rears up, like a wave crashing over him. He's overcome with the urge to say it.
“Apple pie for the birthday boy,” the waitress chirps, setting a plate down in front of him. Cas looks like he’s torn between thanking her and yelling at her.
“Sure,” Sam snorts. “That’s why you showed up in the middle of the night and didn’t bother to knock.”
Sam tries to yank away again, and this time Dean lets him go. Sam staggers away from him, toward the phone that’s started to ring. Dean brings a hand up to his jaw gingerly. Yeah. That’s gonna bruise.
,” Dean says. Maybe this kid’s alright. He plucks it from Jack’s hand and swipes it, heart pounding. The reader beeps green and Dean swings the door open, pushing the cleaning cart inside the room. Jack hops out when the door swings shut. “We’re in. Nice thinking, Jack.”
. I’m on academic probation and the school wants me to refund all the scholarships they gave me. We don’t have that kind of money. And my mom is—she keeps saying everything will be fine, but she’s worried. I can tell.”
a teenager,” Charlie pipes up. She’s huddled up next to Dean, shivering. Her nose is almost as red as her hair. Sam and Jack are rubbing their hands together like that will do anything to combat the wind chill. Cas is the only one who doesn’t look affected by the temperature. Not for the first time, Dean wonders if he’s part robot.
Cas doesn’t give any response. It’s like he’s decided to deal with Dean by turning into a statue and pretending he doesn’t exist. Whatever. Dean can work with that. It’s better than actually having to
. The last thing John Winchester told him to do was sit tight and to not let the ledger out of his sight. He's got to be calling because he knows Dean didn't listen, right? Maybe he turned on the news, saw that the FBI has the ledger.
Castiel has the same striking blue eyes he remembers. They study Dean’s face impassively as he shakes Sam’s hand.
Dean hesitates for one more second. “Don’t kill that guy,” he snaps in warning before he pushes his way into the locker room.
It’s an amateur mistake—to break in somewhere without knowing everything about it. His dad would knock him upside the head for it. Hell,
Dean freezes so suddenly that Cas bumps into the back of him. “Jesus Christ,” he says. “I’m gonna kill him.”
Jack snorts some beer up his nose. He’s only had a glass, but he’s already tipsy. Dean is pretty sure this is the first time the kid’s ever had a drink.
…” Four sets of eyes swing over to Charlie, and she squeaks. “I may have kinda-sorta cleaned out one of their offshore accounts.”
Ostensibly, he’s the man who paid to kill their mother, but the name means nothing to Sam.  He was too young; doesn’t remember enough to be any real help. And with Dad out of pocket, there’s only one other person Sam can think of that might know.
It’s an unfamiliar thing, and Dean turns to him in amazement, eyes catching on the way his nose wrinkles up.
“Your mom was made for the life,” Ellen says, a sad smile on her face. “She missed doing jobs when she was pregnant. Missed the rush she got from it. She wasn’t made to stay at home and be June Cleaver.”
He comes up triumphantly with his phone, but pauses when he sees a notification for a voicemail. It’s not from a number he recognizes, but when he listens to it, he sure as fuck recognizes the voice.
There’s an itch beneath his skin, a feeling that something needs to change. Or that maybe something already has.
Cas rolls his eyes. “I guess I would fuck them slowly,” he says, feigning casualness. He looks pointedly at Dean. “Slowly and thoroughly. What about you, Dean?”
Cas is wearing a tiny smile as he follows Dean down into the garage. “Don’t tell Sam I told you, but he’s going to bake you a cake while we’re gone. That’s why he’s not coming.”
“I’m sorry,” Jack says, as everyone gets settled around the table. “Most people don’t take me seriously unless I steal something from them.”
“Will this one work?” Jack says innocently. He holds out a red key card, snagged from the guard who stopped to chat them up by the elevator. Dean didn’t even
,” Cas says. He catches Dean’s arm when Dean tries to go back towards Jack. Dean tries to shake him off, but Cas’ fingers bite into his muscle painfully.
Castiel turns in his seat to greet them. Sam’s already heading forward, hand outstretched, but Dean isn’t about to act civil. His jaw is clenched, arms crossed in front of him. He’s sure he’s glaring if the increasingly alarmed look on Charlie’s face is any indication.
. Castiel’s eyes flick back and forth between Dean and Sam for a moment before he finishes: “451 means arson. Though it was probably made to look like an accidental fire.”
Dean watches, an ache in his chest. It reminds him, suddenly, of when they would be stuck at Bobby’s house. Bobby would say, “Sam, how would you run this job?” and Sam would scribble down notes like a madman; like the job was a puzzle he was trying to unravel. Bobby would look over his shoulder and make approving noises, or point out something that Sam didn’t think of.
The Impala was home for so many years, that Sam supposes it was naïve to think it wouldn’t bring back any good memories.
He side-steps on instinct, tackles the shadow to the ground and rips the—baseball bat? Jesus—out of his hand. He gets a sharp elbow to the face for his trouble, and feels a rush of blood in his mouth as his teeth cut into his cheek.
The camera bag that Jack carried into the building is open. The video camera is discarded, but he keeps pulling more and more cables and harnesses out of hidden pockets.
Cas has taken refuge in the storage closet. It’s far enough removed from the kitchen and a random enough place that it will probably take Dean awhile to find him here. He hopes.
to," he says. "You told me happiness is in just saying it. Well I fucking love you, Cas. And I'm ready to--I want to be happy. With you. They would've found out sooner or later."
“Hey,” he says, rubbing his cheek along her fur. “Did you come to say happy birthday? Who let you in?”
A boy genius scholarship kid that was accused of cheating. Dean’s not sure what they can do to help, but he’s certain Sam’s going to want to take this case. He glances back over at the table and frowns.
Dean hunches down. He feels too sick to deal with this right now, which is probably why he just tells the truth. “I know you and Dad don’t talk anymore. Figured you wouldn’t want to hear about the newest shitstorm he got stuck in.”
“Unfortunately,” Dean says shortly. There’s no way this is happening. There has to be another hitter that can help.
“I just got you black coffee, Sam. Hope that’s okay. I wasn’t sure you’d want as much sugar as Heart Attack over here likes.”
“Don’t answer him,” Dean mutters, because it looks like Jack is about to. His jaw is throbbing and there’s a blood trickling down his face from somewhere above his eye.
“A sleepover?” Jack repeats. He sounds excited, but then he always sounds excited. “I’ve never had a sleepover before.”
"Right." Why is he stalling, again? Dean gives Cas' hands a final squeeze then scrapes his chair back across the floor, standing to walk around to Cas' side of the table. Not even sure what he's meaning to do, Dean extends his hand, pulling Cas to his feet. Cas' smile is nervous, a touch of doubt in his eyes as he steps closer. How has he put such a look on his face? "Can I ask you for something, Cas?"
Dean frowns and smiles, because Cas is smiling at him in a new way he doesn't know what to do with yet; even if he loves it. "Cas. Are you mocking me?"
He wants to give Cas everything. Dean raises their joined hands to kiss the back of Cas' keeping eye contact as he does. "I'm as sure about us as I've been about anything. No; that's not right; I'm more sure. I mean, yeah, Cas. I'm sure. Just... come home, Cas. We'll figure it all out."
Heaven. This is, heaven, isn't it? Exactly how he's always pictured it could look. The wind on the trees, the freshness of air, the feeling of peace settling in on him. Dean reaches inside himself seeking out that rage from what has to be just seconds ago, and it's gone. Really? Just like that? No pain or anguish, no lingering coldness from the pointlessness of his own demise?
Cas' smile settles all the racing in Dean's head and heart. He nods, though doesn't answer, patient as he always is with him.
How could it not be? The thing he wants more than anything is now a reality, for Cas standing right in front of him. "Yeah. It is, Cas."
"You got everything you could ever want, or need or... dream. So, I guess the question is, what are you gonna do now, Dean?"
He wants it. He wants love, and peace, and sleeping in all morning, a night spent under a starry sky, and something other than hunting to think about. Dean wants time, for everything and nothing, to look through the news just for something to do instead of for the next job. He wants work, too, something simple, something honest, which is not to say the life of a hunter isn't an honest one at its core. Isn't there something honorable in fighting to protect others, in sacrificing over and over to make sure whatever bad is gone? Dean knows there is. He also knows that life is behind him. There's just one more thing he needs before what he dreams of can be a reality.
He loves him. Cas loves him. Dean grins for the knowledge of it even if he's known it anyway, some deep, rumbling thing that steered his course whether he was ready to acknowledge it or not. How Cas hasn't realized he loves him back, that he somehow thinks his love is unrequited, Dean doesn't know. Dean will taunt and tease him about it for the rest of their lives together, just as much as he will show Cas just how much he is loved. How has he not felt it in his touch? How has he not heard it in all his prayers? Have all his efforts to push Cas away as well as pull him closer only confused all the signals Dean's been sending all these years? Probably. All Dean knows for sure, is that he loves him, he loves Cas, and Cas loves him; that's all he needs in his world right now. Cas.
For the look of joy it puts on Cas' face, he might as well have given him the world. "I'd like that."
"What?" he says, reaching out and grabbing on to his arm before Cas can go anywhere. This is not ending like this.
"So. Bunker?" Dean repeats, thinking of shelves of books and who knows what else that might give them a clue, any clue, to get him to The Empty. This is something Dean knows for certain he has to do alone. For the symbolism of it, sure, but also, because Cas is his to save.
"I did not think I would see you again. You are here... far earlier than I anticipated," Cas says, his words filled with deep sorrow and remorse.
"Why?" Dean asks in dismay, hurting for the thought of anything now coming between them; even from afar.
"You'd give up all your power, and strength, and everything else, to be human?" Dean asks. It isn't that he can't picture it for Cas. It's the way his breath catches for thinking he might be about to get everything he's ever dared to want but doesn't think is his to have.
"Oh, I don't know. Maybe I need to test it again. I love you," Dean says, loud and clear and far too giddy to care that he's being an idiot. It's worth it for the look of delight on Cas' face, and the joy in his own heart.
"Hey, Cas," Dean calls out letting himself really breathe for seeing him. Everything is perfect now. Sam gets to live, and he'll see him here when he's ready. All the people he knows and loves are okay. The world he's left behind is far safer, far more at peace than it has been in his lifetime. He's done his work. Now? He gets to exist.
