“Dean!” Castiel cried out, scrambling to his feet, not even noticing the shards of glass as they shredded through his hands. He only managed to get three feet forward before being blasted into Marty’s steel desk by a random, furious burst of energy from the distracted ghost.
“I don’t - because… shut up Cas that’s why.” Dean blurts out, voice rumbling. Castiel feels something warm in his chest. It could be a glimmer of hope though he has no idea why. He is so very cold. He’s empty and grieving. For himself and his fallen brothers and sisters. They’re out there. And they’ll tear the world apart in their desperation to regain heaven. Castiel can relate.
“But now?” Dean splutters. He grinds his denim clad ass in Castiel’s lap pointedly causing him to splutter this time.
He’s still grinding, muttering obscenities, so close now. He rambles, apologising for wanting this so much, for needing it exactly like this. Calling Cas beautiful as he finishes, groan coming from deep within. Every movement jolts his body. Dean drops his leg and presses down hard one last time.
He clears his throat before continuing to sterilise the wound with professional detachment. Castiel feels every touch, every graze down to his toes.
As long as Dean doesn’t change his mind now Sam knows. Decide to go back to what they once were. But why would he? And how could anyone expect him to bear such a falsity?
“Bad enough.” Dean answers bitterly. Cas doesn’t have to be a mind reader anymore to feel the waves of guilt rolling off of Dean. “When you didn’t come back, we traced your phone. And you were just…” His voice trails off, cracking with pain.
“C’mon Cas.” Dean sounds like he’s scolding him again. “We’re both too old to park… Especially you, yikes.”
Castiel runs the flat of his hand down that smooth expanse of skin, and Dean doesn’t exactly protest. He feels a light rumble reverberate down his spine, almost like a purr. He smiles more broadly. Castiel knows this body. Rescued it, restored it, brought it back to life. But that soul… no one could create that.
“So… Is it good?” Dean asks indistinctly, mouth crammed with pie. He devours the generous slice with appreciative enthusiasm, eyes rolling, practically inhaling it. Castiel feels absurdly jealous of that slice.
If this were a movie, help would rush in right about now, he thinks wistfully. But they don’t. The angels cut him repeatedly until he is shaking, making up answers to get them to stop. Unconvincing gibberish that fools no one. He even gets desperate, and selfish enough to wish the brothers would come. Until he remembers that they couldn’t match the strength of two angels. Then he just feels ashamed.
He stared deep into those warm eyes, hungry all of a sudden. An image slipped though his mind with a flash of lust. “Can I be inside you?”
“Well if wishes were dollars…” Dean lets his voice trail off. He scoops the whiskey bottle off of the floor, opens it and takes a swig for himself before offering it to Castiel, eyebrow raised expectantly.
“Dean,” Cas chokes out again. It sounds too much like that voice. The voice. The stunned way Cas said his name after not-Ezekiel brought him back from the dead. He shakes his head, grasps at Castiel harder. The thought made his mouth go dry, made him feel that panic, that anguish and memory of sheer terror. He doesn’t want to think about seeing a lifeless Cas ever again.
Castiel is riding ‘shotgun,’ though he doesn’t admit to not understanding that term. This rare opportunity has presented itself since the youngest Winchester was still resting in his room in the bunker, under “Doctor Dean’s” orders.
Those eyes are looking up at him darkly, teasingly, hair a mess. Castiel wants to scream ‘yes’ and to beg him to continue. Instead he nods, sighs and tries to sit up, pull away. He attempts to prop himself up against the headboard, get a few inches between them so he can concentrate.
“Thank you,” he says and if he indulges in a light but unnecessary touch of Dean’s arm again, who’s judging? Not Dean, judging by his answering smile.
Castiel finally has the courage to meet Dean’s eyes and they are blazing. Whether Dean is furious with him or Metatron, he doesn’t know. How many times will Dean take him back, shake him and put him back together again? He notices Dean’s fists are clenched. He’s so angry. Still beautiful.
“Oh.” Dean closes his eyes, nods distractedly, biting that beautiful lower lip. It’s better than Castiel’s imagination. “So… You’re like a virgin?”
It’s Cas’ turn to whimper when Dean finally manages to slip his hand inside, finds that warm, leaking hardness, squeezes in a way he knows is just right. Castiel gasps against him, clasps his arms. He looks beautiful in pleasure.
Dean’s achingly hard by the time he gets to his room. He laughs at the ludicrous situation, running his hands through his hair in frustration. He feels like a god-damn teen – no,
“You can’t always do that. I went out alone, the blame lies with me,” Then he hears his words. “But I have to leave the bunker some time, Dean. You know that.”
Castiel always imagined there would be something wistfully romantic about their first time together. But he can’t deny this. Can’t hope to stop this. It’s gritty, brutal, hard and real. His teeth clack together; his head keeps hitting the headboard when Dean jerks against his sweaty body, another undeniably hard thrust that is more than good enough. It’s wild, dirty and so, so good.
He lets his voice fade away, waiting for the sharp rebuttal, the angry accusations. He knows he’s feeling sorry for himself, but sometimes this is the only way he can let himself breathe. He can almost feel them unfurl. Phantom wings that once gave him freedom. Now he is trapped. Now he craves comfort he does not deserve, that Dean cannot possibly give him. More than that. He now
Then, it’s a sped up movie of him doing something or other, the alcohol really is making things fuzzy, his limbs feel loose and warm and his only goal is to reciprocate Cas’s heartfelt declaration.
As he walks to the front door, even the sunflowers seem to droop in a sense of dreadful self-preservation, despite the sun shining a hazy glow over everything—including the window of Dean's bedroom.
"Dad came home," Dean says shortly. He finds his fingers are too numb to open the bottle he's holding, so he resorts to staring at it instead. It suddenly occurs to him that in order to explain what events took place, he's going to have to tell Bobby what pissed John off.
Dean climbs into the ATV and Jody starts driving around, scanning the sands. The sun was shining in his eyes now, dancing on the reflection of brilliant green irises. He squints again at the light, looking among some of the people that decided to show up today.
He hands Castiel a few of the napkins, who smiles and takes them gratefully, continuing to wipe his hands down. "Thank you, Dean."
It certainly nurtures peace when he likes to show up without notice, which is exactly what he did this morning.
Cas reads the note, letting out a sound that was a mix between a laugh and a scoff, because it truly was a ridiculous note. And yet, his heart was pounding in his chest.
With that, Dean trudges, alone, back to the house. His clothes are sopping wet, each step he takes squelches and leaves a trail of footprints behind him. His hair drips water onto his nose. Every bone in his body aches.
Dean smiles a bit and steps to the side, allowing Castiel to walk into the house. He follows Dean to the kitchen.
Dean's smile, feeble as it was, fades in an instant. With all of the pain in his ribs, there's the kickstart lighter of fear, and he feels how fast it grows. He's about to get angry. He can't control being angry, and he knows right now that his anger is because he's terrified of being alone so fast, and he knows that it's because he's broken and jagged pieces of a person who thought they would be loved without a timer.
This was apparently the wrong answer. Cassie had given a half smirk and shrugged. She told him that it did exist, and that she hoped he found it someday. Dean wasn't expecting this to be a breakup, but Cassie told him that she wanted more, that she wanted to be monogamous and holy, and that she knew Dean wasn't ready for it.
POV you're me trying to figure out an ending to Ephemera that isn't as ridiculous and illogical as the s*pernat_ural season 15 ending
Better he knows about this than the money, Dean thinks bitterly. That way, it's only himself getting screwed over by John, and not Sam.
Sam is at the door with two armfuls of fast food, some fried chicken place that had opened last year. He pushes his way through the doorway and around Dean. "Thanks for answering the door, I forgot my key. Anyways, I got lunch."
Then there was the fact that the note itself had been found behind a trash can and aggressively crumpled up, which spoke for itself on what emotion was most likely felt whenever this was written.
Dean really is about to laugh. He's about to say how ridiculous Castiel looks, teasing him with a giant grin on his face, but before can even open his mouth, Castiel looks over and asks him softly to sit with him. Dean finds himself walking over before his mind can process the request at all.
He unlocks the front door and walks directly to the kitchen, getting a frozen bag of peas from the refrigerator's freezer drawer and a beer from the fridge. Across the kitchen; he spots a note to the top left of the fridge's door.
He registers Charlie trying to pull at his shirt, but barely logs it in. "Dean, you got him, okay? We have to go. Dean, snap out of it."
"No," Dean says immediately. Then he hesitates. "...I haven't thought about it. He wouldn't notice, if I didn't tell him. If I do tell him, he'll probably tell me to fuck off, and some other choice words. You know how he is."
When she passed away, John couldn't bring himself to move away from the beach. The house was a shell of the love it used to contain, and John knows it too. Dean's convinced that's why his dad drinks himself silly every night.
-Scene with a photo booth!!! Dean holds his hand—dean has a photo of cas to remember him by. Add in chapter 6
"I didn't know Castiel was over," Sam says as he walks into the kitchen. He goes for a glass of water, stepping around the other two in the middle of the floor easily. "It's been nice seeing you around more often."
But here, Dean sees Castiel, someone pure and holy and good, and he looks over the view as though it's the most beautiful thing he's ever seen. The fair, the ocean, the low buildings and stores that sit on the ground, the flatness of this silly little town by the water looks so much more alive through Castiel's excitement.
He instead decides to shut Dean up by sliding a hand down his pants and squeezing just right. Just enough to make Dean whine low in his throat, laughter choking off. At least he can feel that Dean is suffering too. He lets go just as Dean begins to push desperately forward, breath shuddering out of him. He regrets it immediately. He loves bringing Dean pleasure, seeing his eyes cloud, his jaw go slack. But there’s a lesson to be learnt here.
Dean promptly drops his hands and proceeds to cough up a lung. He looks as though Cas had bonked him on the head. And shuffles in his seat, hands covering his lap for some reason.
No amount of threats, pestering, begging, blackmailing or pleading had gotten Dean to confess what he had done to make Sam well again.
Castiel holds him as he falls apart; telling him it’s okay, that he wants this, that Dean can have this whenever he wants. Dean buries his face in his shoulder and bites down to silence his release, making Cas yelp.
Castiel feels sceptical and supposes it must show since Dean sees something that causes him to reach out and cup his cheek reassuringly. “Hey, don’t worry about it. There’s nothing to be mad about is there? We’re big boys-” His eyes twinkle mischievously at that.  “– one a little older anyway...But  we’re still us. Just with this too.” He gestures at Castiel’s half-naked body before laying a surprisingly gentle kiss upon his lips.
Cas is worshiping his body. More blasphemy, he knows, but that’s how it feels. After the initial plunge, Cas smears kisses to the head, tongues the slit – a wet spike of sensation that has Dean sobbing. He laps at the head in interest, tasting, fascinated, before experimentally sucking at the springy tip, alternating with messy kisses. It feels wonderful. Beyond wonderful. Dean decides Cas needs a parade in his honour. He’s a fast learner. He’s
“I just thought you might have one shred of common decency in that strangely small, monkey-isn head of yours.” Dean folds his arms, stares him down. “I mean, you gotta know you made him a target for all the booted-out angels right? He’s vulnerable, in danger and it’s all your fault. Not to be all movie of the week but you betrayed him.”
“Quiet now. Dean’s level of dedication to you knows no bounds,” Castiel agreed. “But even if he is foolish enough to strike such a bargain, I will still find a way to pull him out of hell...Angel or not.”
“I guess we can try forgetting about it. Call it a one-time deal. Is – is that okay with you?” Dean adds.
Castiel had spent the rest of that night checking in on Sam whilst trying to keep Dean‘s absence a secret. The last thing Sam needed was to worry about his brother. Sam had eventually woken up and claimed such behaviour was “seriously creepy,” a shadow of a smile spreading across his features.
He breathes in deeply, inhaling the scent of pollution, cold air and people. People just take whatever they want. Take his Father’s world and bring it to ruin. People are beautiful and deadly.
Shirtless make-out sessions on Dean’s bed once Sam has left the bunker... Slightly adolescent, yet right now he’s finding it hard to care.
He must have blanked out a little - oh the joys of modern medicine - because the next time he opens his eyes both brothers are there, looming over him at the foot of his bed, looking awkward as they debate whether to wake him or not. It almost makes him laugh again.
It’s odd. It’s uncomfortable. It leaves him breathless, shaky and Dean keeps alternating between darkly drinking in his reaction and cracking up a little. He keeps shaking his head, with what Castiel can only assume is wonderment and amused arousal. He had almost forgotten that this is all new to Dean too. He keeps asking if Castiel is okay.
He looks at Dean, licks his lips, a nervous habit. He’s afraid Dean has changed his mind but he still tracks that motion with a heated gaze, eyes flickering from eyes to mouth.
Castiel has never been so sorely tempted to head-butt him. But the sight of Dean slicking himself up with the nearby gun oil is worth waiting for. He feels his mouth drop open and knows that image will be seared into his memories until the day he dies.
Castiel doesn’t know how. Neither does Sam. But they are both in complete agreement that Dean must have done something very foolish. Cas had seen Sam’s illness before falling, gotten a good look at it. He saw enough to know that Sam was damaged on a deep, molecular level. Abandoning the trials would not change that. To recover from such devastation is nothing short of miraculous.
). “Not lately. He said he had some things to ‘resolve,’ and who can even say what those things might be?” Sam sighs and takes a drink of his own beer. “But he said he’d drop in again soon, so.” Sam lifts his shoulder in a shrug, aiming for nonchalance, but he’s not fooling anybody. Dean knows he’s still anxious about Jack being gone. They all are. They’d assumed Jack would want to stay with them and things would go back to – well, to what passed for normal for the Winchesters, anyway – but it appears as though Jack has other plans. Which is honestly fine with Dean, as long as the kid comes by now and again to say hello.
He can feel the itchy trickle of blood sliding down his arm as he brings up Sam’s number and hits send. The bite starts to tingle and then goes gradually, pleasantly numb.
in a different, and frankly shitty, light, and I just. Would like to spend the rest of this week under a blanket.
Sitting in a vast darkness, silent and still, he thinks about the nature of connection. Gossamer strings of –
Pulling back, he demands, amused, “Wait. Wait a second, is that – is that where all my shirts went?” He’d noticed his t-shirt drawer wasn’t quite as full but he’d honestly chalked it up to the ever-growing pile of laundry in his – their – bedroom.
“Yeah. He, uh,” Dean coughs, “he’s like… cleaning it, now?” He looks at Cas, gone back to busily lapping at Dean’s shoulder, and thinks really hard about all of the snuggling and clinging and… and
“I want to stay here,” Castiel says. “With you. You’re my home, Dean.” He lifts his hand to Dean’s cheek and Dean can’t stop himself from leaning into Cas’ palm, pulse loud in his ears. “You.” Cas’ fingers slide around into Dean’s hair, and he pulls Dean in, kissing him with the intensity Dean’s come to expect when Cas takes something seriously.
have the cash to burn on iced coffee he could easily be making at home, especially since this particular barista who Dean is
of being, with Castiel here in his arms. In his life. Sometimes, when he wakes in the night, screams lingering in his ears and memories haunting him, Dean wonders if this is real, and if it is, if he deserves it.
In no universe he’s been to would Dean describe Cas as tense right now, but even so, something in him loosens when Dean speaks, and he melts even further into their embrace with a quiet sigh.
your best friend.” Naomi smoothed the hair away from Castiel’s forehead and kissed him on the temple. “Get some sleep, sweetie. I’ll see you in the morning.”
Cas leans in close and pecks Dean on the lips. “I want,” he says, “to take you,” another kiss, “apart.” He murmurs this last against Dean’s mouth and the vibration of it sends a bolt of liquid heat shooting down his spine.
He sounds so unsure, so nervous to make this confession, Dean has to hold back a delighted laugh. Man needs to have Death literally pounding on the door to say the things that are close to his heart with confidence (and no, Dean will not be looking too closely at
The eddying turned into bubbling turned into churning darkness, and as the murk seethed, Castiel felt a
did Dean have to even think Cas would welcome it? What Dean wanted didn’t matter, always came second or third or six-hundredth in comparison to the more important shit going on in the world, so why had he thought he could reach out for it?
Sam huffs a laugh. “Uh, yeah, Dean. End of the hall, stairs go down into the showers and up into the greenhouse?”
“When I left this morning you were a dragon!” he says, desperately trying to grab onto a thread of sanity.
Dean walks for several blocks in silent thought. He can’t explain it, but Cas makes him feel more at ease with himself than he has in… years, if he’s being honest. Castiel feels like an old friend, the sort that, no matter how long it’s been since you’ve seen each other last, you can sit down over a beer or a hot meal and pick up right where you left off. Like they’ve known each other their whole lives instead of a handful of weeks.
"I'll think about it," Dean says finally. "I'll... We'll see in the morning how things fall into place, alright?"
(Maybe Dean doesn't want things to go back to normal. Maybe he wants things to go horribly wrong. Maybe the pain of a few punches is worth it to see Castiel's face every day.)
Castiel was only meant to stay for a few days, really. It was never meant to be this long. This story only has one ending. Ephemeral love, he said. Ephemera.
He leaves Bobby to finish his beer, and heads down to the beach with the feeling of getting one step closer to success. After quickly getting changed in the locker room, he steps out onto the sand and immediately recognizes one of the men there.
(In the early 60s, a young, engaged Mary Campbell convinced her fiancé to move down to the busy beachfront. In the end, he negotiated they would move to the smaller town beside it that shares the same sands. They got married, Mary had her first son, she gave birth to the second, during which complications left the woman in an early grave. But she loved that house. So John never left. Even still, the house remains a home.)
He pulls away and vomits saltwater all over the sand, coughing and hacking as he does so. His nose burns uncomfortably, and he's shivering so bad that he doesn't even account for the physical injuries given to him by Monroe and Eli.
"Nah, it's no problem. Just let me get a map, okay? They've got some over by the first aid stands," Dean gestures over to a series of first aid tents that remain set up from the day.
With that particular definition, Cas could easily relate it to when he lost his grace for the first time, and he had to experience Earth as a human.
Confusion hits Dean like a train, and his words fall out from his tongue faster than he can grab them and keep them in his head. "That's bullshit!"
Dean shrugs. “I guess. Yeah. Whatever, though. It’s fine, Cas. Don’t worry about it. That son of a bitch is dead now anyways, isn’t he? You don’t need to get your revenge or whatever you’re planning in those eyes of yours.”
John was dead, Sam was off at college, and here Dean was, hugging a pillow close and sobbing brokenly into the bedsheets because of a blue-eyed man who stole his heart and left with it.
He opens the door to the house, and Sam is at the table, a finished apple core sitting beside him as he flips through a variety of coloured pamphlets.
"Trainee," Jody corrects next to him. She's looking between the two of them with the barely contained amusement of somebody who thinks their interactions are ridiculous.
"I've been alright," Charlie nods. "I'm taking a break from dating, I think. That girl I went out with didn't work out so well. I was thinking of working on coding, though. Maybe I could get a job at Microsoft or something. You think they'd hire a woman?"
"His eyes were blue like the deep sea, and how badly Dean wanted to keep Castiel in his pocket and remember him forever."
John was putting his coat in the open closet next to the front door. He didn't look drunk, but he had also gotten better at masking his drunkenness over years and years of not wanting to be pulled over by police while he drove. (Dean learned that from a classmate who's dad was the sheriff. He was in sixth grade at the time. The kid said that his dad knew John was drunk, but passed all the tests, so he had to send him on his way. Dean's only response to this had been to pull his sleeve further down to mask the bruises on his arms where John had held him in an iron grip.)
Castiel was supposed to stay for a few months; and then he was gone and back to Illinois with his family. Dean really did try to convince him to stay, but he knew he wouldn't be able to afford living with Cas and also paying for Sam's college.
"There's a beach party tonight. I was going to bring drinks," Dean looks over at a firework that explodes in the air. The light dims the bright colours, making it more like a burst of smoke in the blue sky. "Some friends, my brother, and my brother's girlfriend are gonna be there."
Castiel gently leads Dean into the kitchen with one hand on his back. Dean doesn't lean into the touch and turns around. "Guys, it's not that bad. We've got bigger problems. Cas, are you okay?"
With the passage of time, Dean learned to believe that the right person wasn't worth finding, if they had the chance to leave. His inner thoughts would scold him occasionally, for sounding so much like John. And sometimes, they sounded an awful lot like Mom.
Blood is in his mouth, coating his tongue with tangy iron. "Assholes," he spits out with the blood, watching the red splatter against the sand and making it clump together. "You seem to have a weird obsession with gay people. You sure it doesn't mean anything?"
Dean, now exhausted from everything that just transpired, then falls asleep. He’s still sitting in the middle of the hallway, but he’s too drunk and tired to care.
Sam doesn’t say a word in response, but he thinks back to many of the conversations he’s had with Dean himself. The man was obviously just as in love with Cas, even if he had a funny way of showing it. He was defensive about that sort of thing, or at least, with Cas specifically, and Sam couldn’t ever understand why so he just left it alone.
"Do you always do laundry on the kitchen floor?" Castiel asks, tilting his head to the side as he watches Dean pull out a clean shirt and turn it outside in.
So, he sits here, quietly waiting for Castiel to say something, and he waits a long time. Silence is blanketed over them like a comfortable layer of rain after a drought. Castiel looks up at him with a mix of understanding and pensiveness.
Dean turns to look at Castiel, who holds out a gallon sized plastic bag, inside holding all of the cash. "Do you mean this money, Dean? Because I made sure to take it when you were climbing out the window. I figured you would want it in your sights. I hope that wasn't overstepping—"
"I know," Dean says. He's pondered the thought many times, usually the morning after John disappears, and most often when he doesn't even leave a note before he goes. "I know."
Sam takes the paper and looks over it with narrowed eyes. “Dean, this is in Enochian. No, I can’t read it. What are you up to?”
When they left the diner, it was getting late. The sun was changing from yellow to an orangey-glow, burning into the side view of their eyes.
They leave the tower and she tells him again that he did a good job for the day. Dean thanks her and turns to leave the beach, but sees the familiar trenchcoat of a certain man at the entrance.
"I've lived here all my life, trust me, they only say that to attract impressionable people like you who want to spend seven dollars on a mediocre clam chowder bowl."
This is the moment where thoughts clear into view, where fear begins to burn where adrenaline once ruled. The storm has passed, the dust settles, and the villagers of the fated town now have to see the casualties the lightning has brought to their lovers. They are among them, because Castiel is leaving in mere moments, and Dean is saying goodbye. There's a dreadful sort of hotness that comes when his eyes well up with tears, so he presses his nose into Castiel's shoulder and holds him there, breathing in steadily and trying to remember.
It’s a rush of information that Cas has never been given before. He’s been kissed before, sure, but nothing was as perfect and blissful as this. Dean’s lips weren’t chapped, they were smooth and warm, tasting sour like the alcohol he had drunken the night before.
Dean grins. "Hell yeah. There's this place my mom used to work at, every once in a while she'd take me to get lunch while she was on her shift. They definitely had the best chowder."
"Alright, ease up, Sammy. I'm sure he has a perfectly reasonable explanation," Dean defends lamely, but even he knows the truth. John would be back in a few weeks, maybe a month, tops, and then he'd be really angry for a while and then normal. Dean would clean out casino tickets and empty beer cans from the Impala without saying a word about it, and then they would collectively move on. Rinse, repeat.
He never thought he could have this. This absolute wholeness, radiating on their skin and between each single eyelash and imprint of lips and fingertips. It was something more than the grittiness of being human. How did he survive before this; when it felt as normal and right as it was to breathe oxygen? How could he ever think this was something damned? This is what holiness feels like. It's not himself-- it's the feeling of Castiel in his arms.
When he gets there, Sam is already sitting on the sand next to Jess. People are lighting sparklers and Roman candles, blasting the new pop music on speakers, sharing food and starting bonfires.
“But all this is speculation,” Sam added reasonably. He didn’t like that look Dean was wearing. The set jaw, the determined frown. He was getting ready to charge into something. Something rash. “You don’t know that Metatron even still has his grace.”
His fine sense of control snaps at that. He pulls back, wriggles out of his damp shirt, practically tears it, eyes on Cas. He does tear Castiel’s shirt in his haste to push it open, expose the angel before him like an offering.  He pushes his shirt, jacket, coat off. There’s something so animalistic in the satisfaction at the sight before him. Cas, vulnerable. Spread open beneath him. He wants to bury himself within him…
Lips smoothly bumping, firmly pressing. Dean deliberately takes Cas’ bottom lip between his own, sucking softly, running his tongue over the seam. They fit together so perfectly. It’s hard not to think they were made to be like this. It’s taken him millions of years, but he’s finally found this. Found
It goes on for a while; his body is taut like a live-wire. He’s so incredibly beautiful. His eyes are closed and Castiel watches him through it all. The way his body strains, the desperate way he snatches Castiel up, as if rooting himself here to the present.
“Shut up,” He chides, not prepared for the effect that smile has on him when this close. He feels giddy, breathless.
“Easy...” Dean’s voice sounds much closer now though he does not try to touch. He hears him shuffle closer hesitantly.
He thinks he hears Dean rumble something else. Possibly: “No really. This is nice.” He could laugh at what an understatement that is but right now, it’s the best praise he’s heard in his entire existence.
He cannot disagree anymore. Cannot think of a magic solution to make his life worth saving in their eyes.
“I think we’re doing okay.” Cas admits, eyes slipping shut. He hurts too much to have the big relationship talk. Dean loves him. He is not going to die just yet. They are okay. Dean can’t even be too mad at him on account of his near death experience, though he can see it in those glittering green eyes of his. He’ll think of a way to make him pay later somehow. But right now, he just wants to sleep, to heal and to go home with Sam and Dean.
“It’s not really for me and you owe this guy. About yay high,” He indicates to just above his shoulder. “Scruffy, black hair, innocent eyes, very trusting? Goes by the name of Castiel.” He tries to make light of the matter but as soon as the name is out of his mouth, he wants to stuff it back in. Metatron doesn’t get to touch Cas ever again, doesn’t get to look at him or say his name.
It’s a terrifying rage. An all-consuming, stomach churning, burning fury. Instead of losing control, he is engulfed within a sickening, murderous clarity. Cool and calm, spiked with hate.
Dean shrugs off the thought, painting a false smile over his features. “So, this chick-flick moment over Sammy or what? Or do I have to give you more details about my tantric new sex life with our beloved Castiel?”
“That wasn‘t how I wanted you to find out.” Dean admits softly, but this produces no response from his brother. “Come on Sam. Why are you being so quiet? You must have a million things you want to lecture me about. Go on - get to it!” He holds his hands up in surrender.
grace per-se but potato potahto. Perhaps you could even go and get it yourself as part of my original IOU! Yes, I can think of a few pesky targets! Two birds, one stone…” He seems to be talking to himself rather than Dean, but the greedy look in his eyes is not encouraging.
There was no kindness or relief in that voice, only a cold kind of triumph. And anticipation. He didn’t think he would like what the voice had in store for him.
He thinks it will get better once Cas comes back. He’s so serene, a calm soothing presence with the knowledge of heaven within his mind. He will be able to help. Just him being there will help, Dean tells himself. He’s clueless with people but somehow always manages to say the right thing with Dean.
Castiel knows they have nothing to be ashamed of and is happy if it means they can be more open around Sam. How can that be a bad thing? Some of the most appalling, shameful moments of his existence have stemmed from dishonesty where the Winchester’s are concerned. This new life is a clean slate, a chance to be truthful, to not let them down again. He wants to spend it with Dean if he will have him. And with Sam of course. There’s no separating the two, even if he wanted to. Sam is good. Sam is kind. He won’t be angry with them. He’ll see sense.
Cas threw it into the metal trash can, shoved a pile of paper on top and set it alight by dropping his brand new lighter. He tore off his bag and added salt to the improvised bonfire, not stopping to check if he was right (he just knew he was), willing the thing to catch aflame.
The sight, locked around Dean, eyes fixed on each other, drinking in their reactions, the hard, slicked-red curve of Dean when he looks down, it leaves his thoughts scattered. He nods at Dean and he lines up once more.
Castiel had to wipe a bit of burger off his face that Dean had lost during his little rant. He could only sit there, stunned, as the realisation hit him. “Are you jealous Dean?”
“I said I want to go outside…alone,” He mumbles, forgetting the point entirely when Dean licks his lips – a brief flick of tongue but all too deliberate.
Something passes over Cas’ expression. Something like realisation. He reaches out slowly, as though confronting a wild animal, which maybe Dean is. But he gently cups Dean’s cheek, trails cool but slightly rough fingertips across his cheekbone. Dean’s eyes flutter shut at the sensation, conflicting emotions battling to defeat the other. Cas’ touch is soothing, like a cold compress to his fevered mind. It also excites deeply. He lets out a long sigh, shakily.
But it’s easier to lose himself in Dean. With his other hand he ventures lower, caressing that juncture where his lower back slopes into the softness of his buttocks, shapely and inviting. He palms that warmth, needing to touch, to leave pale imprints behind. He squeezes and Dean gasps, holding still as Castiel digs his fingers in, breathing stuttering. His other hand joins in to grip the other cheek, transfixed. He stays away from the enticing cleft, instinctively knowing that’s a conversation for another day. He finds he is suddenly obsessed with two dimples either side of his lower back, just above Dean’s ass. He briefly leans down so he can dip his tongue into each in turn; presses his thumbs into the dips above his thighs.
He sees Dean go stiff in the gloom. He reaches over and turns Cas’ bedside light on. His face is awash with concern.
Castiel tilts his head in confusion, focusing on Dean’s presence rather than the matter of his own humanity. “Then why do you?”
“Don’t you think this disappearing act is getting old then? I can’t chase after you every time you start feeling too… human.” Dean sounds exasperated huffing as he tries to find the right words.
“I’m fine.” He hears the younger brother bristle at the reference to his overall health and appearance. The fallen angel feels a stab of worry and wishes more than ever that he could still heal others. Though he doubts there is anything he could do to help Sam. Time and patience is all they have to work with.
‘Friend’ seems like an inadequate word, Castiel muses, but it will do for now. He feels too much. He cannot separate the different emotions. He wants to lose himself in the comfort of Dean, to never resurface. But that would be selfish. The hunter is right -  Castiel has to fix this mess. This time he won’t forget that there’s only two people he can trust. Two brothers. So he steals Dean’s warmth and presses down all those feelings.
Dean’s hands find his hair as he makes a noise that is something between a moan and a ‘manly’ giggle.
His heart is racing and his mouth has gone dry. There’s this strange rumbling sensation in his stomach - an odd combination of what must be nerves and a deeper underlying hunger. He stares out of the windshield for a few seconds, clenches his hands and takes a couple of steadying breaths. Tells himself to get a grip. He doesn’t get nervous. He once threw a Molotov cocktail of holy fire at his brother – a smite-happy archangel. In front of his other brother. Who just happened to be the devil.
He’s pulling Cas to the floor before he’s even given his body permission to do so, crawling into his lap, grinding already, achingly hard. The angel looks startled, transfixed by every sensation gasping against his lips. It’s too fast but it’s what he needs right now. It’s not how he’d wistfully imagined their first time would be. A part of him wanted romance, nothing he would ever admit out loud. But admittedly this feels perfect. Cas’ hands, the friction, the matching hardness where Cas needs him too - and that’s so incredible he wants to touch. He settles for bucking against Cas, writhing so close it shivers over the line of comfort into burning desperation.
He thinks bitterly, hands clenching the rail. The coolness stings. His joints feel stiff from the long climb up to the roof top. He’s standing more than five hundred in the air. It’s not enough. Too static. Stars peek through the gloom, edging over the city. He sighs as the night whispers to him, bringing with it the dull sounds of humanity; motion, traffic, the wind.
“Yeah. We still need to have a little talk about that.” From the grimace on Dean’s face, Sam knew this wasn’t a talk Metatron would enjoy very much.
Castiel flips them over, kisses Dean harder than he’s ever kissed before. Sucking his tongue practically down his own throat. Throat. He pulls back suddenly, kisses down Dean’s throat, biting kisses, sucking a mark where he can feel the blood beating fast until Dean cries out.
He hears Dean’s noise of surprise, possibly a yelp of pain. Whether it’s in response to the biting or the sudden unbearable tightness around his dick is anyone’s guess. He doesn’t slow. Doesn’t stop.
. Sucks against Dean’s tongue, breathes against his lips. He thinks he could kiss Dean Winchester forever. Wonders if it would have felt this intense before he was human. They wasted so much time waiting. How can this be anything but right?
“Th-The mark may… amplify what you’re feeling-” He breaks off, gasps loudly when Dean sucks at the skin. “Oh Dean! You’re allowed this...”
Castiel has lost that feckless confidence of before. He doesn’t know where they stand. Sometimes he thinks he’s going to do something ridiculous like grab Dean’s face and kissing him. Hard. In public. He doesn’t know how to handle this onslaught on new emotions. To be forced back into the denial of what they were before is cruel and unfair.
He feels a flare of anger at that. The sensation is not unfamiliar, but unwelcome still. Anger is petty but so are Dean’s words. So patronising. He didn’t expect sympathy. He doesn’t deserve it. There is nothing Dean can say to make this better. He should stop trying.
“I shouldn’t be able to treat you like this.” He says quietly and it sounds like a confession. “You’re Cas. Don’t want to hurt you.”
He may not be an expert on emotions and social situations but he knows Dean. Knows him well enough not to share the way he thinks and feels about him sometimes. Knows that Dean would flinch away from such confessions. He’s not ready to know that Castiel often thinks he is the only thing that keeps him sane. That he wants to touch or hold him so bad it’s a physical ache that he doesn’t understand, cannot interpret or translate into action.
He flopped back into bed next to Cas, led on his side so he could face him. Castiel rolled back onto his side, so he could whisper more confessions in the dark.
He thinks, it’s time to make friends with this dark place inside him. He is done with running around trying to save everyone and everything, letting his guard down and the darkness up to overshadow. He thinks, if he stays perfectly still, if he stops gasping for air and closes his eyes and remains unmoving, he can be a shining light, warning others away from the shades of their shame, luminescence leading them into something new.
Naturally, even though he’d had the worst night of sleep he’s had in while, he managed to sleep deeply enough to blow right through his alarm.
Dean’s face gets hot, like he’s had a few too many beers. He opens his mouth but can’t think of a thing to say besides, “Yes,” because privately, selfishly, he wants Cas to tell him he stayed
Dean can feel a heavy silence brewing and pushes through it. He’s been silent long enough. “I wanna talk to you, Cas,” he says, and he’s proud of himself for keeping his voice so steady. Castiel raises an eyebrow at him, but doesn’t say anything. Which, okay, fair.
“What exactly do you want me to do?” Sam says, sounding just as alarmed as Dean feels as Castiel continues to writhe and scream. Grace pools along the floor like rivers of mercury, leaking out of Cas, a shimmering, living puddle growing under him. Dean stares in horror as the puddle starts to evaporate up into the air around them, a glowing cloud around Cas’ form. He wracks his brain for something —
“You’re beautiful, you know,” Castiel slurs into the still space between them, and Dean can feel a goddamn blush creeping up his neck and into his cheeks.
Dean shakes his head, mute, and shambles over to his coffee maker, feeling remarkably sad. He flips the machine on and listens to it drip, then wanders back into his room, his heart breaking just a little. Sam trails behind him, arms crossed over his chest, respecting Dean’s space and silence for all of forty-five seconds.
And then Castiel is burying his hands in Dean’s hair and tugging, a soft broken whine caught in his throat. And he’s tilting Dean’s head to the side to better slot their mouths together, and his tongue is snaking out to taste the seam of Dean’s lips, and then he’s pulling away to drop his nose to Dean’s jaw and pushing Dean’s chin up and
“Did I, now?” the barista says, reaching out smoothly to take the tea from Dean’s slack fingers. He doesn’t even look at it. “I’m so sorry,” he continues, turning away from Dean and confirming over his shoulder, “It was an iced coffee, wasn’t it?”
Rolling his head to look up at Dean out of the corner of his eye, Sam clearly registers the distress on Dean’s face and lets out a long, slow breath. “Okay,” he says, soft, and pushes himself up to sitting.
of Cas here besides his memories. The last time… with the Leviathan… he’d at least been able to hold onto Castiel’s coat. Now, there’s nothing.
Jesus, Sam – after what would certainly be one of the busiest days of the year at the bakery is just beyond him, especially at this hour and
I have to kill, how many times I have to fight. I’m coming to find you, got it? I ain’t leavin’ here without you.”
Dean bites his lip, tamping the impulse down. However adorable Dean finds his morning visitor, it’s still a wild creature and therefore belongs
Dean huffs a laugh. It’s a sound entirely devoid of joy. “‘The circumstances,’” he echoes, taking another drink.
“The feeling is most mutual,” Castiel says with a serious nod, which is somehow even more endearing than all his smiling friendliness.
“Hey! Where are you going?” Dean calls, watching Cas diminish the further into the field he goes. He hears Sam kill the engine and get out of the car, coming around the front to join him in staring off into the night.
But, no rest for the weary, Dean gets up from the kitchen table, closes the back door, and meanders his way to the bathroom for a shower. Knowing just what he needs to lift his mood, he washes the day’s sweat and flour from his skin and pulls on clean underwear, then bundles himself up in his favorite fuzzy grey bathrobe. He returns to the kitchen to make himself a bowl of popcorn. While the kernels pop, he sets up his coffee for the morning. On his way into the living room Dean grabs one of the leftover lemon-blueberry muffins from the morning rush, then settles himself on the couch to decompress with some
“I remembered, this time,” he says, glancing at the napkin and then looking back at Dean. “I didn’t want you to have to call anyone to
He’s got Dean’s shirt open, and when he looks Castiel is surprised to see his own hands unbuckling Dean’s belt, like they don’t even belong to him, like they are allowed do what he wants in his most private thoughts without consulting his conscious brain first. He hooks a finger into the loop in the buckle and tugs, and the belt spills open with a musical jangle. He’s undone the button of Dean’s jeans and is dragging on the zipper before it occurs to him that this could be a Step Too Far.
They fall silent again and Castiel continues to worry at the cut on his lip. He draws it between his teeth, squeezes it against his tongue, tastes the blood flooding his mouth. Swipes it clean, pushes it out with a puff of air. Repeats this. Gets lost in it, lets it become a meditation. Loses enough time to it that when the room snaps back into focus Dean is pouring alcohol over his finished work, capping the bottle. Turning slightly on his knees to put the bottle on the floor. He pats Castiel’s leg dry, drapes a piece of gauze over the wound and secures it, smoothing his thumbs slowly over the tape. Ostensibly, he’s making sure it sticks, but something lingering in his touch screams affection to Castiel and hope crackles to life inside him.
He harangues Castiel into going for a walk on a day he knows it’s gonna rain, then insists Cas get under Dean’s jacket as they dash back to the bunker in the downpour, laughing and swearing the whole way there (“I told you it was going to rain, Dean,” Cas tells him with a fond eye-roll). He starts picking movies to watch with unrepentant romantic subplots and throws an arm over the back of the couch when Cas sits next to him for movie night, pointedly ignoring Sam’s incredulous eyebrows. One night after a round of gin rummy with Sam and Eileen, Dean walks Cas to his room when he announces he’s ready to turn in. It becomes part of their nightly ritual, a last little chat before bed, Castiel holding on to the doorframe and Dean standing with his hands in his pockets, willing Cas to make a move because Dean wants to
“No,” Jack says pleasantly, crossing his hands behind his back and making his way over to the backseat passenger-side door. He looks at Dean serenely over the roof of the car. “I have… much to resolve,” he adds, glancing at Sam as the moose catches up to them and grabs for the handle of the front door. “But I’ll stay at least until you get Cas back. Maybe a bit longer.”
Dean lets out a tiny laugh, but complies. Brings his mouth down over Castiel’s with a smile teasing at the corner of his lips. And oh.
“Hey!” he snaps, and his voice is loud enough that it startles Castiel into sitting up and back. “I said, quit it, Cas.” Almost immediately, guilt rushes over Dean when Castiel’s face goes from grouchy petulance to something akin to shame.
No one is here to witness it, so Dean indulges in a full-blown goddamn tantrum. He knocks the lamp off his bedside table, relishing the pop and tinkle of the bulb bursting when it hits the floor. He sweeps papers from his desk in a long furious scrape and kicks his rolling chair clear across the room, before an abrupt thought pulls him up short:
what he wants? It’s only, Dean reasons, something a best friend might do, hypothetically, when his best friend who’s not really a dude (but is very much in a dude’s body for the rest of… forever) might, hypothetically, be in non-platonic love with him. Cas deserves to be happy.
Notes at the end of this chapter have some of my thoughts about 15x19 if you're so inclined. ::sigh:: I will tell you, it is a
, and when he spares a glance for Dean’s mouth Dean’s sure Cas has taken the bait. Only he sits back a moment later, eyes darting to the stage where the cover band is pounding out the opening riffs of
– feels too jumbled up and raw. He feels like he’s separated from his body, caught up in the endless sweep of emotions that want to carry him away.
A heavy silence falls over them, standing in the room in the bunker where Castiel had so happily left, sacrificing himself so they could go on to save the world. Part of Dean wants to honor that sacrifice. He understands it. He knows in his heart, if their positions had been reversed, he would have done it just as willingly.
At this, Dean’s confusion disappears and is replaced with an almost bashful smile. He drops his eyes to Castiel’s chin for a moment before looking back up.
“And, that’s enough of that,” Dean says loudly, turning Castiel to face the stall and starting on an order. Behind them, Eileen starts cackling with laughter. Dean can feel his face flush but he smiles, loving the way Castiel still has not figured out what is and is not appropriate to say in front of
A desperate sound escapes Castiel, and he rolls his hips up into Dean’s loose fist, marveling that he’s even
Cas smooths his hands up and over Dean’s chest before fisting the fabric of his pajama shirt, pulling Dean further into his space until they’re pressed together shoulder-to-hip. He draws Dean’s lower lip into his mouth and slowly releases it, a tentative hint of teeth biting down as it slides free, and when Dean whimpers in the back of his throat Castiel marches him backwards until Dean hits the wall, cool brick seeping through his shirt, making him shiver.
“Dean-o! Thought you’d finally abandoned ship, dude,” Gabe says in an obnoxiously cheerful voice. How.
, like every breath he takes is his very first, cool and clean and pure. He glances around and thinks all the colors in the world have never looked so vivid.
“Dean,” Castiel interrupts gently, reaching for Dean’s hand and pulling it close. As he lays the vial containing most of his grace in Dean’s palm, pushing his fingers closed around it, he repeats, straightforward and sincere, “I trust you.”
Gaping, Dean sucks in air and freezes. As much as Dean’s brain tries to convince him he’s an unlovable, ruthless monster, standing in front of him right now is a man who loves him so much he basically
“I’ve been given yet another chance, as have you,” Castiel continues solemnly. “My choice is to stay with you until we are both old and grey. What is yours?”
“Hey,” Dean says after what feels like a lifetime has gone by. Castiel hums quietly but doesn’t move, and Dean’s grateful he’s not looking Castiel in the eye right now. “You remember when you said, uh. That my, um, heart– called, it–” he coughs, nervous and embarrassed, his voice kinda shaky. He takes a steadying breath and tries again: “You said my, uh, heart called to yours?” he gets out in a rush. He watches the clouds of his breath dissipate into the snowy air.
, Cas!” he bites out, annoyed in the split second before he sees Castiel’s face, head down and eyes up in his best impression of a contrite puppy that would put Sam to shame. Dean lets out a sigh. “Dunno how many times I gotta say it, dude,” he mutters as he drapes Cas onto the table. Cas makes a face that, if on a human being, would reasonably be called a pout. “No little dragon feet in my baking space, okay?” Dean turns to the fridge and digs out a couple of strawberries. He gives them a quick rinse and then drops them onto the table with Castiel. “Here, have a snack.”
With a steadying breath, Dean hefted an angel blade in one hand and his gun in the other, and stepped through the door.
Dean’s eyes flick up to the arch of Cas’ wings, then looks back to his face, not wanting to make Cas feel any more uncomfortable than he already is. But his damn fool mouth runs away on him and he blurts out, “You — you mean this is… what your grace
Dean doesn’t wait to see if Sam’s really gone. He drops his duffle on the floor and crosses the kitchen to stand in front of Cas, hesitating only a second before reaching out and pulling him into a hug. They were both gross; it didn’t matter. He needed to hold onto Cas for a minute and he suspected the feeling was mutual.
have. Instead his dysfunctional ass decided to play house with Castiel, and now he’s invested in what happens between them next and goddamn it, he epically fucked this up, didn’t he?
whatever) is Wild Animals Live Outside, so he gives himself a shake and shuffles over to the door leading into the yard, mug in hand, ready to return this creature to the great outdoors.
and there, in the air before him, is a stygian black line, a sort of nothingness that bends the eye away from it but draws all of Dean’s attention nonetheless.
“You’re beautiful, you know,” Castiel slurs into the still space between them, and Dean can feel a goddamn blush creeping up his neck and into his cheeks.
Dean’s insides turn to jelly at the thought of Cas thinking about their kiss, and he barely manages to stifle the sharp gasp that wants to punch out of him. His face heats up and he swallows before asking as casually as he can, “Wanna do it some more?”
“I was surprised, okay? You caught me off guard and I – I dunno, man, I really thought we were gonna die. But I thought we were gonna go
– clean it himself. The edges of the wound were smarting something awful, and he could feel his pulse throbbing hot and hard in his arm. He was going to have to ask for help.
“Here goes,” Sam says, and begins chanting the words to the spell they had frantically uncovered a few days ago. Dean closes his eyes and gives himself a shake, making a last-ditch effort for calm.
Dean just nods his head, scratching under Cas’ chin. “Probably,” he concedes, watching as Castiel curls his lithe body around the outside of Dean’s own mug, winding through the handle and leaning his chin on the edge. Dean threads his fingers into the spaces left by Cas’ body and enjoys the warmth spreading all through him.
“Fuck me,” Dean mutters. “Okay, great. Cosmic scotch tape, got it.” He can feel his temper straining to be let loose. “Can we move him? Can we take him home?”
They get back to Lebanon in the wee hours of the morning, Sam flooring the gas pedal through three states while Dean silently stews in the backseat, holding onto the threads of his sanity and Castiel’s grace with sheer stubborn will. Sam parks the car and they stumble out of the garage into the labyrinth of the bunker with Castiel suspended between them, barely conscious now. They shuffle him into his room, wrangling him onto the bed before Sam gives Dean an indecipherable look and disappears back through the door.
Dean raises his eyebrows and takes another slow drink. When he cradles his cup between his palms again, Castiel continues: “Since Chuck is… set against us now. Or we’re set against Him, however you want to look at it. We should be glad there are forces in the universe – in all the universes – that can restore our family like this.”
An electric hum starts vibrating through the air, thickening the space between the three of them and pressing against Dean’s skin like it wants to crush him. The wall between the earth and the Empty stretches, wavers, pulling against Dean now and he feels the hair on the back of his neck stand on end when suddenly something
“Excuse me for feeling some empathy,” Sam snarks, to which Dean can only weakly reply, “Bitch,” as he shrugs into his robe and feels something solid and warm thump against his chest.
He stops, unable to articulate exactly what he wants. He hasn’t had a ton of time to think about it, and years of desires brutally squashed down are flooding to the forefront of his mind, eager to be unleashed. He doesn’t know where to start. All Dean knows is that he needs to get Cas someplace private so he can worship him the way he deserves.
“Oh, fuck,” Dean chokes out, gaping down at the frankly unreal sight of Castiel on his knees for Dean. He pushes unsteady fingers into Cas’ hair and scrapes his nails lightly over his scalp, down the back of his neck. Cas leans into the touch, content for a fraction of a moment, and then is right back to his business of methodically taking Dean apart at the seams.
Dean/Other characters, soulmate!AU, John Winchester's A+ Parenting, homophobia, homophobic slurs, internalized (internalizing?) homophobia, bicurious!Dean, kid!fic (kinda), some light violence/gore, mild angst, Castiel, Dean Winchester, Meg Masters, Aaron Bass, Sam Winchester, Lee Chambers
Dean doesn’t know how long it takes him to find calm. The sun shines on him relentlessly, the air warming more than he’s come to expect for this early in spring. He sheds his flannel, drops it to the grass beside the jar before sinking to his knees again, numb to the beauty around him as he continues to take Castiel’s ashes, one handful at a time, and spread them into the moist brown earth.
Still upset and tired, but now also cold and wet and in pain, Castiel collected himself and his things, righted his bicycle, and walked the rest of the way home gritting his teeth against the stinging ache in his arm.
Finally reaching his brother, they all exchange hugs in greeting before Sam turns his attention back to the booth he and Eileen had been inspecting. Dean looks, too, and sees it’s a little food stall offering delicately iced ginger cookies, hot chocolate, and apple cider.
“Um.” Sam sounds suddenly even more uncomfortable. “Should I leave you two alone?” he jokes weakly, and Dean lets out a quiet laugh.
Only, the hallucination certainly sounds like a righteously pissed-off Castiel, and it seems substantial enough when it shoves a wide-eyed Sam out of the way and grabs onto Dean’s shoulders, shaking him.
“Cas? Cas!” Dean shouts, pressing hard on Castiel’s shoulders, looking up at Sam with real fear crowding his throat. “Sam…!”
He watches as the barista puts the London Fog down next to the double sink behind the counter, then reaches for a plastic to-go cup full to the brim with what Dean can only presume is, in fact, his iced coffee. He brings it over to Dean with an apologetic smile, but something about the glint in his eyes tells Dean it’s not entirely sincere.
Dean opens his eyes and stares blearily up at his ceiling. They’d been up pretty late last night, so Dean isn’t surprised to see mid-morning sunlight streaming in through the windows. His head does not appreciate the cheery assault. He hadn’t had
He can’t stop thinking about the look on Cas’ face when he’d told Dean he loved him. He can’t help wondering if they hadn’t been in imminent danger if Cas would have kissed him then. Dean doesn’t even know if he
Sometimes, though, Dean wakes with Castiel snuggled up against his neck, or on the rare occasion he gets to sleep in, to Castiel’s nose pushed insistently up against his own. One time he even wakes up to catch Cas in the act, body coiled tight and creeping up along Dean’s chest, neck outstretched. Dean squints at Cas and Cas lets out a surprised squeak, jumping back and throwing up one wing like a shield before peering around the edge of it, huffing in embarrassment.
Dean leans closer, chasing after Cas’ retreat leisurely and slow. His heart jackrabbits in his chest, and he leans in the last few inches to press his mouth to Castiel’s. Cas’ lips are plush and pliant, softer than they look, and Dean hums, surprised. After the barest hesitation, Cas lets out a faltering gasp and presses back into the kiss, blissful sighs puffing warm and shaky against Dean’s cheek, and when Cas opens his mouth in invitation, Dean takes it, suddenly feeling like he’s found a piece of himself he didn’t realize was missing, but that Cas has carried for him and kept safe all these years, protected.
Still, what he needs is practical knowledge. People generally don’t try to keep dragons as pets, in large part because they were quite scarce (whether in actual numbers or simply because they avoided humans – usually – was unclear), and, y’know, undomesticated. So Sam hadn’t been able to dig up too much beyond the basics: what they ate (they were largely omnivorous – Dean asks Sam if he thinks ground beef will be okay and Sam says it probably can’t hurt), where they were found, generally (high up in trees, or far under the ground in deserted burrows made by other animals – nothing about coming into houses or commandeering innocent pottery), whether or not they hibernated (they did; Dean wondered if his little friend was just getting ready for winter in his coffee mug), if they could fly (kinda – they were more like flying squirrels or sugar gliders than birds in that respect), that sort of thing. But nothing so extensive as what Sam had looked up once, when they were kids, about taking care of puppies, for example.
Glittering strings of holiday lights are draped between booths at the holiday market, illuminating stalls filled with sparkling trinkets and beautiful handmade wares. Warm smells of cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, and chocolate fill the air, enough to make the mouth water and the mind wander to cozy firelit cuddle-fests. Snippets of soft music float in between the sound of hundreds of people crammed into the tiny walkways between booths, and all Dean can think is that it’s a good thing his brother is so freakishly tall.
And, yeah, Dean’s not always making the smart decisions, but pushing his way into an enclosed space with a pissed off, glitching angel would probably be higher up there on the list of stupid shit he’s done.
“No, Cas,” Dean says, “I’m glad you told me. Just wish you’da stuck around long enough to let me answer you.” Castiel’s lips part and his eyes widen in surprise, and Dean wants to fucking
Dean knows, though, he can’t keep these, no matter how badly he wants to. He squeezes his eyes shut, brings his hand to his mouth and presses his closed fist to his lips, tamping down on another sob threatening to erupt from his chest. He kisses his own fingers, dusted fine with the white powder of burnt bones, and opens his hand and his eyes, letting the breeze carry the last of Castiel away.
Without a word, Cas crouches down next to Dean and arranges himself similarly, clasping his arms loosely around his knees and looking off at the sunset. His wings, even less substantial-looking in the dying light, flare and stretch to his sides before he drapes one over Dean’s shoulders like a living blanket.
For the rest of this night, someone else can worry about the big picture. Someone else can carry the weight.
Sam shrugs and starts shuffling out of the kitchen and back toward the living room. Dean finishes off his water and leaves the glass on the counter before following his brother, waiting to hear if he has an answer to Dean’s snark.
“Look, Cas,” Dean says, leaning forward and placing his coffee carefully on the floor. He turns to face Castiel, expression tense and serious but somehow unburdened. “There’s a lot – a
It’s crazy that even now, with this new revelation clear in Dean’s mind, something with the weight of twelve years’ habit behind it still wants to deny everything. He had no idea it’d become such a reflex, and if he’s being honest, he doesn’t like it one bit.
, when their fingers brush as he hands them over. He looks into Dean’s eyes, so very green and fixed on his face, and sees a different sort of terror there now.
Any time Dean’s got the wherewithal to bake at home (rare – usually only for holidays, but sometimes he just wants some chocolate chip cookies, okay?), he’s taken to trying to distract Castiel with food because otherwise the little scamp wants to stick his paws into literally
“Yeah, well, it’s snowing, and according to everything Sam could dig up, you should be hibernating right now, so.” Dean lifts his eyes to Castiel’s and gives one final tug on the scarf, satisfied. “Gotta make sure you stay warm, at least.”
“Wait. Wait wait wait,” Dean says, rounding on Castiel, glaring hard. “How did you even get here, Cas?”
“You, uh,” Dean hears himself finally mutter, anything in him even resembling smooth taking a walk right out the nearest window. “You gonna ruin my virtue or somethin’, Cas?” he jokes weakly. Dean licks his lips, feeling the heat of Castiel’s body seeping into him even through their pants, and he’s caught, captivated.
“Good morning,” he says, and the dragon blinks grumpily at him. “Thought I’d, uh, let you stay here.” Dean coughs, and does his best to ignore how crazy he probably looks and sounds at the moment, talking to a surly dragon that can’t even answer him.
“Uh-huh,” Dean says, an unwanted, unexpected pang hitting him in the gut. “So, this whole time, then, basically.” He looks over at Sam, who is looking back and forth between them like he wishes he could be anywhere else, then at Cas. “You don’t write, you don’t call…?”
And maybe he could have shared some of that burden with Sam, but that’s never been Dean’s way, intensely private when it comes to this
“It took us a while, y’know? To find the right spell. Jack wouldn’t help out. Kid’s got this whole Do-Not-Interfere thing going on,” Dean mutters grumpily. He pushes his hands into his pockets and rocks onto the balls of his feet. “Then it took another six months to find all the ingredients we needed.
Castiel brightens. “Yes,” he agrees, pleased, as though Dean has understood and this has somehow settled the matter.
In an instant, Castiel’s demeanor shifts, becoming distinctly hunted as he looks hard at his shoes. He clears his throat and says, barely audible, “Jack brought me out of the Empty. He — wanted my help remaking Heaven.”
“Look, Cas,” he begins, hesitant, “I don’t know what you want me to say. Do you want me to tell you that one of the worst moments of my life was seeing your wings burned into the ground? That I could hardly bear to look at– at your body, but I wouldn’t let Sam so much as lay a finger on you? Shit, Cas.” Dean can feel the void of his grief open up inside him again, hungry, trying to pull him back down into
To all the folks in the US, Happy Eat-a-Turkey Day! Dropping this chapter and the next as a holiday bonus. XD
“Yep. See you in a few.” Dean hangs up and throws himself into Baby’s front seat. Glancing up into the rearview mirror, he runs fingers through his hair in a fruitless effort to make it look less rumpled before he stops with a self-deprecating huff. Like Gabe gives a single fuck about how Dean’s hair looks. Shaking his head, Dean starts the car and throws an arm over the back of the seat, twisting around to watch behind him as he backs out onto the road, empty of other cars at this early hour. He’ll be at work in no time.
Dean takes a seat at his desk, coffee in hand and a book on ancient binding spells flipped open on the wood surface, waiting to reveal its secrets. Sipping at his coffee, he takes in Cas’ sleeping form, the rise and fall of his chest, whorls and eddies of grace leaking from him only to be reabsorbed into the ever-shifting light of his wings. That’s his weirdo, dorky best friend, sleeping
Castiel rests on his elbows. The wound on his leg is throbbing and semen is drying all crunchy on his belly, and it’s too cold in the room now, but looking at Dean’s face, hearing many things left unsaid, Castiel wouldn’t trade where he is for the entire universe.
Expression gentle, Sam opens and closes his mouth a few times. A small, sad smile appears and Sam draws his hand back, running his fingers through his hair. “I know he does,” he says finally, quiet. Dean stares, agape. Sam says this like it’s a widely known
He lays a light kiss on Cas’ throat, lingering, and Dean is starting to feel a telltale itch in his canines that says it’s time to back off. But Castiel is pressing him closer again, warm palm wrapped around the back of Dean’s neck, and while he’s busy drowning in smell and taste and
He brings a hand to the side of Dean’s face, cradles his cheek. Dean turns into the touch, doesn’t look away as he kisses the center of Castiel’s palm. The space inside Castiel’s heart swells against the confines of his ribs.
“Guess I’m your husband now?” he says with a smile, and Cas chirps at him, a tiny whooping sound that Dean decides to interpret as a laugh. Castiel nuzzles up against Dean’s neck, pressing his face there and peppering Dean’s skin with little lick-kisses, enthusiastic and joyful and clearly very pleased with Dean’s declaration.
dying, as it turns out, since he’s suddenly in a shitload of pain, and Castiel’s arms around him feel pretty solid, especially when he plants a palm over the open wound in Dean’s back and presses down hard.
“Yes, I do believe we’ve established this as fact,” he says, dry as a desert, but his eyes are smiling.
Looking back and forth between Jack and Dean, Sam’s frowning now, too, confusion written stark across his face. “Told you what? Dean, how can Cas be in the Empty? It told me it can’t come here unless it’s summoned–?”
Dean chooses to ignore the implication and says with a smile, “Sammy, you might not wanna give me a blank check in the being gross department. I’ve got
Cas turns to him and tips his head back, raising his chin. “I can’t believe I’m about to say this, but, hello, Dean.” He offers a small smile, but can’t manage to meet Dean’s eyes. If Dean knew any better, he’d say Castiel looked. Well.
Sounding equally bewildered, he says, “It appears that some of my grace is still…” Trailing off, Cas brushes his fingertips over the bare flesh of Dean’s shoulder. Dean sees literal stars, bursting and effervescent, the brightest light Dean’s ever known, before snapping back again.
He backs Cas into the table by accident and when they bounce apart, startled, Dean sees Cas’ wings flare out minutely, enormous and ghostly and strange. He dives back in and reaches for them again, pressing his fingertips against Cas’ shoulder blades and making him whine, and when he sets his teeth to Cas’ neck he finds their positions suddenly reversed, Cas spinning them until his hips pin Dean’s to the table, wings curled around them, a glimmering barrier against the rest of the world. He pulls Dean down to him in a kiss that leaves Dean feeling blissfully light-headed.
Once upon a time, little Nessa could wake up at 5AM feeling well-rested and peppy, no matter what time she went to sleep the night before!
But his true love was always going to be a warm slice of fruit-filled pie. And maybe a scoop of ice cream if he was feelin’ wild and crazy.
“What the hell is this, Dean?” John shouted, finally alerting Sammy to the commotion. Dean saw him peeking around the corner at the top of the stairs, and hoped his little brother had enough sense to stay put.
Dean is a miserable wreck, and why shouldn’t he be? He can’t remember a darker hour than this, and given the shit that’s happened in his life that’s
, but… here they are, his anger melted away and replaced by the stark terror of watching Castiel disappear again.
Sam looks offended but all Dean can do is laugh. It figures that this weird, grumpy little dragon would prefer Dean, card-carrying member of the Last Person On Earth To Own an Animal Companion Club until only a few weeks ago, to Sam, who would adopt every goddamn dog in the state if he had the space to keep them.
Knowing it was more than likely this was something intended to trick him, Castiel took hold of the string, set his foot on the red line, and started walking.
“Gonna kiss the hell outta you,” he tells Cas matter-of-factly, after they’ve looked at each other in silence long enough for Dean’s heart to press against his ribs so hard he’s sure it’s going to explode out of him at any moment, a firework bursting.
“You had a tough day today,” she said, commiserating, and Castiel heard the empathy in her voice, the notes of warmth that said
and Dean couldn’t even feel grateful that the oven just needed a deep cleaning and not to be replaced entirely.
Castiel’s blue eyes flare in the dark like a cat’s. He looks at Dean solemnly and simply says, “Okay.”
With another curious head tilt, Castiel brings his leg up and wraps his arms around it. He glances down at himself before he leans his chin on his knee. “Does nudity disturb you?” he asks, seeming to be genuinely confused to learn that such a thing might be true.
basically their kid, and certainly the closest Dean would ever get at this point. However much Dean had been responsible for looking after Sam, or even Ben once upon a time, something about Jack made Dean feel… well, like a dad. Or at least how he figured a dad
They stare at each other for a long moment before Dean sighs and looks away. He’s starting to realize he knows next to nothing about dragons and that maybe some research is in order. And also, he might as well just let the poor thing stay inside, since it appears that is where it wants to be for now. Who knows, maybe it’s too cold outside for dragons this time of year? As they move further into October, the temperatures at night will continue to plummet. Dean hates to think of the dragon shivering under a leaf somewhere in the middle of the night. Plus, Dean reasons, if he just lets it stay inside, he won’t lose precious morning time getting ready to go to the bakery by taking it back out to the raspberry bush, which the dragon seems to actively dislike, anyway.
Finally fed up with being “ignored,” Castiel slithers out of Dean’s robe pocket into his lap and wiggles his way up onto the table. He stands on all fours next to Dean’s plate, stamping his feet and chittering impatiently. Like the total sucker he is, Dean gives in at this display, chuckling softly as he tears off a small piece of bacon and holds it out for Cas to take. The dragon snaps the morsel up and nearly takes Dean’s fingertips with it, then gives a little hop backwards, chirping again. Another bite of bacon vanishes from Dean’s fingers almost faster than the first.
“None of your business, Sammy,” Dean snaps as Castiel says, “That’s between me and your brother, Sam.”
“He’s g-gone, Sammy,” he chokes out, the first words he’s spoken aloud in what feels like eons. “He’s gone and I– I couldn’t do anything, I couldn’t–” Dean can’t finish, can’t
Dean shakes his head, but tells Sam anyway. “He traded his life for Jack’s. But the Empty only came for him when he — uh.” He stops, coughs, shifts in his seat before continuing: “Experienced true happiness, or whatever.”
Letting out a shaky breath, Dean meets Castiel’s gaze. “Yeah,” he whispers, and Castiel smiles at him.
“If Jack is not interfering, as you say,” Castiel muses when Dean looks at him again, “then how… how are you here? Alive?”
He turns to Cas, too, raising his eyebrows and chewing at him expectantly. When Castiel raises his eyes to Dean, he’s surprised to see a shyness there again, something he’d never expected of Cas but now finds utterly endearing. He can’t get enough of it.
“I should think that would be rather obvious,” Castiel responds dryly, turning back to the pastry case and scrubbing at a particularly stubborn smudge.
“Pass me the bacon, would’ya, Sammy?” Dean says, clambering into his seat at the table next to Cas with a kiss dropped casually on his cheek. Cas rolls his eyes good-naturedly and turns his attention back to his burger, held in two hands and rapidly disappearing before Dean’s eyes, as though it is the last burger in existence and Castiel will fight anyone who comes for it.
“I’m saying,” Sam says, clapping Cas on the back as he passes him, “he’s not going to bring this up with you.” Cas’ frown deepens, and Sam shakes his head. These two,
He swallows and looks Sam square in the eye. “I love him, too, Sammy,” he tells his brother, sure and composed, and look at that, it wasn’t so fucking hard to say it, after all.
Something in Castiel’s voice sounds so small and terrified. He can barely hear it, but it’s there. Dean swallows again, and then Dean sits.
He takes in the room from the door, his eyes landing at last on Castiel and widening in surprise. “Castiel,” he says, warmth and wonder in his voice, “I didn’t expect to see you here.”
They sit next to each other in silence for a long time. Dean doesn’t keep track of how long, doesn’t worry about when it will end. He’s just enjoying Castiel’s nearness. When Cas finally speaks to him, his voice drifts to Dean slowly, syrupy like a dream, until Dean shakes his head and snaps back to attention.
“I know you do,” Dean answers in a murmur. He kisses Cas’ hair again, buries his nose in the sweet-apple smell of him and breathes in deep. “I’m one lucky son-of-a-bitch.”
Imagining telling the kid his favorite dad is gone flings Dean right back into a spiral of pain and tears. He crosses his arms around himself, hugging tight, his fingers digging unconsciously into the bloodied fabric of his jacket, holding on to the only thing left of Cas in the room. In the whole world.
“What’s going on with you?” Dean wonders out loud after he’s sent Sam on his way and is climbing into bed. Castiel gives him this thoughtful look as Dean settles himself under the covers. Dean can feel himself frowning as Cas studies him, the little dragon’s gaze intense and almost... intimate. With a tiny huff, Cas snuggles up against Dean’s side, nosing under Dean’s armpit and making him squirm. He’s tickled Dean like this before, but Dean’s not feeling very playful. He’s starting to worry that something is wrong and… and he won’t know how to fix it.
“You’re awake, good,” Sam says, and Dean can see the genuine relief in Sam’s eyes. “Good. Uh. You, uh, you feeling okay?” he asks, suddenly going all shifty-eyed.
But now is not the time to tease or torment; Dean’s cock, flushed and leaking, cries for attention, and Castiel can’t ignore it, can’t ignore how his mouth waters at the thought of doing to Dean what he’s imagined doing, oh, so many times he couldn’t possibly count. It doesn’t matter that he’s never done any of it outside his own mind, before. All that matters is now he
a gesture, Dean is completely flummoxed. There are a lot of things between him and Cas, but tenderness is definitely not one of them. He lifts surprised eyes to Castiel’s face, mouth working, but nothing coming out for a second.
. It’s merely dormant, simmering on the backburner until someone comes along and cranks that bitch up to a boil. And someone will, sooner or later. Sam, wanting to talk about how Dean
, so Dean can live out the rest of his days alone and aching, forever missing a piece of himself? No. Fucking. Thank you.
Castiel looks like he swallowed a lemon. “I thought, after what happened,” he says, subdued, “it would be best to… let things remain as they were.” He’s still staring at his shoes.
“Heya, Cas,” Dean responds, chin tilted up, small smile on his lips. Castiel is surprised by how much he enjoys the way Dean says his name.
to commit them to memory. He’s here, now, for better or worse. Surely Dean wouldn’t have pulled Castiel out of the Empty only to turn him away. Surely, he has time to look and take inventory beyond this moment.
Castiel looks back up at Dean, and he gets the distinct impression that the other man is struggling to maintain eye contact. “Dean,” he begins haltingly, “I think that, though the essence of me remains unchanged, I had to take this form.”
. By being… himself. And Dean… Dean does not know what to do with devotion like this, other than try to find a way to bust Castiel out of there and make things right between them. Cas was right – he saw himself as a ruthless monster, no better than the creatures they hunted, and certainly not worthy of being loved the way Castiel clearly loved him. He never deserved Castiel’s devotion, but maybe,
More likely, he thought, it was only the beginning of the rest of his eternity of suffering at the hands of the Empty: to be forever caught and caged, held on the precipice of rejoining that which he loved the most but never given the satisfaction of the leap. Or worse, forced to look on helplessly as Dean suffered through Castiel’s loss. Castiel wasn’t stupid. He knew saving Dean as he had was going to hurt him. But he’d be alive to feel hurt. He’d be alive to overcome it and move on.
because the dragon finds a way to climb all over him and cling to whatever part of Dean it can reach, snuffling and sniffing at him, squeaking in happiness. And that he finds this
Castiel calms, dropping to all fours on the bed next to Dean but laying the tip of his tail against Dean’s leg. Dean drops his own phone to the nightstand, then inhales sharply through his nose as he eases his t-shirt over his head, smoldering heat blossoming over the numbness in his shoulder and sharpening into something more acute as he moves. He tosses the shirt across the room and, feeling his heart skip a beat, holds his hand out to Cas. For a long moment Cas just stares, and then he’s sliding into Dean’s lap, pressing his paws into Dean’s chest and reaching up to continue his ministrations. Dean’s shoulder throbs with his heartbeat, heavy and slow.
“Holy shit,” Dean mutters, pressing his forehead to Castiel’s and rolling against him. “You are somethin’ else, man,” he adds with a little laugh. A smile tugs at the corners of his mouth, his eyes. He seems genuinely pleased. Castiel’s heart swells at the sight. Dean’s tender smile calms every restless thing inside Castiel. He drinks it all in, impossibly happy.
of Castiel, as though he was never really here in the first place, and maybe he wasn’t. Maybe his unbelievably-majestic-multi-headed-Chrysler-building-sized ass just existed in some adjacent universe, while his tiny vessel walked around in this one, saying and doing insane things that got Dean’s feelings all twisted inside him like a goddamn Gordian knot.
“I’d like that,” Cas murmurs sleepily, clearly drifting off, and Dean snuggles down into him and closes his eyes on a contented sigh.
“It had to be, um. Somethin’ really important. To you, y’know? Somethin’ that would hurt you bad if you lost it.
At first Dean thinks it belongs to a blue jay, but as Castiel comes closer Dean can see the feather has no black striping and is the same shade of blue as Cas’ own. It even looks like one wing has had a feather plucked from it.
Sitting back and regarding Dean with a hooded gaze, Cas runs a hand into his wild hair and then uses it to gesture vaguely at Dean to continue.
“Alright,” Dean says, smiling and rinsing out his mug before going about his coffee ritual with a tiny dragon curled up in his bathrobe pocket as though it were a perfectly normal thing for a dragon –
An awkward silence falls over them. Sam opens his mouth, closes it, clears his throat. He twists around in his chair to face Cas more fully. “You know… Dean cares about you, right?” he asks, cutting right to the point, however uncomfortable it is for everyone involved.
“You know how I feel, Dean,” Cas says, a gentle admonishment. He turns to face Dean more squarely and pushes his other hand into Dean’s hair, thumb stroking idly under Dean’s eye. His fingers tighten ever so slightly on the back of Dean’s neck, willing him to lean in, come closer.
“Don’t need to,” Sam says, standing up from the table. He gives Dean a filthy smirk that looks wildly out of place on his face and turns toward the kitchen, following after Eileen. Dean’s happy for them and all, but he still has to do his level best not to gag.
Dean once again finds himself pinned by Castiel’s eyes, dragging in bright, burning lungfuls of air as Cas reaches for his belt, eyes on his, warm and wanting. He watches Cas’ tongue poke out to lightly lick his lip as he undoes Dean’s pants (and, okay, what the fuck!), and he flicks his eyes up to Dean, leaning in and brushing his mouth and nose against the waistband of Dean’s boxer-briefs. He presses a light kiss to the fabric and Dean’s mouth drops open on a gasp.
“Yeah, well,” Dean gripes, opening himself to the tugging he can still feel, sure and strong, from the gateway. “He obviously didn’t count on me fuckin’ it up for him,” he says ruefully. He glares at the entity before him and spits out, “But you can’t have him, you son of a bitch. He’s human now, and we don’t belong to you.”
“Well, gotta actually have my coffee now, so…” Dean isn’t sure where to put the creature, but as it’s always been clingy with him he figures letting it sit on his shoulder is a good place to start. He lifts the dragon up to his left shoulder and lays the top half of its body there. Immediately he feels the jab of claws digging through the fabric of his favorite fluffy bathrobe in an effort to hold on. He waits until it feels like the dragon has a good grip before letting go of the rest of its body, the feathers of its tail soft as they slide through his fingers. It settles on his shoulder for all of a second before sliding down, face-first, into the breast pocket of Dean’s robe. After another moment of slithering over itself trying to untangle its own body, the dragon pokes its head up out of the pocket and grasps the edges. It looks all the way up at Dean and snuffs at him as though to say
“Having to separate my grace from this vessel in this manner,” he goes on when they continue to frown at him.
He lifts the mug and once again carries the dragon sleeping within it out to his raspberry bushes. He crouches down close to the ground, hesitates for a split second, then pokes a gentle finger inside his mug to stroke along the dragon’s tiny head. Its scales feel immeasurably soft, and as he draws a finger down the dragon’s body, its muscles contracting in the wake of his touch, he feels how much heat the beautiful creature is radiating, just as it had the previous morning.
“I did, Sammy, I got him back,” Dean mutters, disbelieving. A dopey smile crosses his face. “Glad the family’s all together now. Gonna– gonna tell him jus’ as soon’s I get a nap,” he adds, and before anyone knows what’s happening, Dean slides away into unconsciousness.
Dean shakes his head and pushes back from the table. “You don’t know what you’re talkin’ about, Sammy,” he snarls, standing. He leans on his palms over the table and looks Sam in the eye. “Just drop it, Sam. I mean it.” He finds it hard to catch a full breath. “He’s here, now. That’s gotta be enough for me.”
“Good night, mom,” Castiel called as she left. He reached for the tea she had brought and took a small sip. Peppermint and honey, warm and comforting, but doing nothing to settle the writhing thing inside him as he sat and looked up at the stars, steadfastly trying to ignore the explosion of sunflowers on his shoulder, but finding himself unable.
He and Aaron had played a couple of the games and gone on a few rides, though Dean flat-out refused to go on the ferris wheel (he wasn’t
“Cas, is, uh. Cas is awake, too.” He glances at Dean briefly before flicking his eyes back to his book. “He’s in the greenhouse.”
Cas is faceplanted on Dean’s bed, wings draped dramatically over the mattress to either side of him, his face slack and peaceful in sleep. Shit. Dean couldn’t have been gone more than ten minutes. A tiny spike of worry drives into Dean’s insides, and he makes it a point to ask Sam later if he’s had any luck getting a hold of Rowena.
He couldn’t stop it any more than he could have stopped an oncoming train, but Dean’s guilt still gnaws at his gut, hot and acidic.
He and Sam call around to every hunter they can think of who might have further insight into angel lore, biology, or spells. They check in with Donna, Jody, and the girls, Charlie, Bobby, Garth. Eileen is over at the bunker a lot these days, as she has been for the last six months, and she pitches in, too, staying up late with Dean when Sam’s got to go get his beauty sleep (they tease Sam mercilessly about this, and Dean is truly excited at the prospect of eventually having Eileen as the world’s coolest sister-in-law). But as the days drag on it becomes clearer and clearer to Dean they’ve hit a wall on the research end.
In the suffocating silence of the Empty, his anguished cry of “No!” pushed back the invisible blanket stifling him, chasing its remnants into the distance and away.
and Castiel’s had enough; he leaps up from his spot across the table and snatches his book, glaring at Dean before marching out into the hallway.
Smiling himself, Dean lets the simple joy of making the person he loves happy wash over him. He squeezes Castiel’s fingers under the table and then pulls his hand away, turning his attention back to his own dinner.
Castiel’s not sure because he is looking at Dean and watching a pretty blush spread underneath his freckles, making them stand stark against his skin, but he thinks he sees Charlie pump a fist in victory behind the register.
Anything Dean can think to say disappears at the fury on Cas’ face, an anger he’s seen directed at others but never before at himself. Cas’ wrath is a physical weight, a presence taking up all the available space in the barn, and Dean feels like he’s about to be squished, like Cas will kill him for the sheer pleasure of bringing him back and healing him raw. “I didn’t give myself up to the Empty just for you to throw yourself away,” Cas growls, dangerously low.
Cas without even meaning to, just as he’s done a billion times before. What if Cas decides he’s finally had enough of Dean’s shit?
Dean looks at Cas, his tired eyes and rounded shoulders, the long, sparkling droop of his wings and the multiple, weirdo glowing spots all over his body, and offers him a smile. “You hungry? I can make you some cinnamon toast.”
Castiel’s hands come up to Dean’s, loosely circling his wrists where Dean is still clutching Castiel’s t-shirt. He searches Dean’s face, squeezes his fingers around Dean’s wrists, and tells him quietly, “You don’t have to do this.”
Castiel, for his part, bears all of Dean’s attempts and openings and contrived scenarios with a patent obliviousness and it’s driving Dean positively up the wall. Maybe Dean doesn’t know if he wants Cas to be in love with him, but he does know now, all he can think about is what a fucking relief it will be when Cas eventually snaps and does what Dean resolutely
Thoroughly worn out from being on his feet all day at a busy bakery after a night of next-to-zero sleep, Dean trudges into his house ready for bed at four in the afternoon. He closes the back door as a gust of wind tries to bluster past him into the warmth of his kitchen and drops his bag of pastries on the counter in their usual spot. Hanging up his keys and shrugging out of his jacket, he glances around for Castiel, mildly surprised that he’s not already threading himself between Dean’s ankles. No – he’s definitely not in the kitchen. Dean turns his head to listen, but he doesn’t hear any squeaks or chirps or scuffling as Cas makes a run for the door to greet him.
“How did these even get into my laundry?” he asks, watching in fascination as Dean goes impossibly redder.
Coming back to his room, Dean walks in like he’s going to the gallows and closes the door behind him. He drops the six-pack on his desk with a heavy
The surest sign his best friend is well and truly gone plays on repeat, intrusive, making it impossible for Dean deny what’s happened.
Castiel’s mouth hovers bare millimeters from Dean’s as he whispers, “Yeah,” and then, gentle and deliberate, presses in and draws Dean’s lower lip between his own.
, how old is he, thirteen? But the longer they stare at each other in silence, the more he comes to realize that yes, he really did just say that and… yes, he does actually mean it.
How much of this was planned, how much of it was covid, who knows? All I know is that after 15x18, where I felt so unbelievably high... now I just feel
Dean immediately shakes his head, a familiar spike of anxiety stabbing through him and a staunch denial resting on his lips, ready to fire, but Cas keeps talking. “And, it looks like you’ve already forgotten, but you
of pressure releasing, the dome above cracked and shattered, splintering into thousands of shards of inky gloom and raining onto Castiel’s head like a stinging storm.
A tiny seed of worry takes root in Dean’s chest as he starts looking through the house for Cas. He thinks back to Sam’s joke about always knowing where to look for the dragon, but Cas is definitely too big now to even think about hiding in Dean’s bathrobe pocket anymore. Still, he makes his way down the hall to his bedroom, figuring it’s most likely that Cas has stayed near his hoard. And also where it’s warmest, under the blankets, since it’s getting closer and closer to winter and what Dean assumes will be hibernation time.
Dean pulls away, face aflame, and gets a good look at Castiel. He looks… he looks fucking heartbroken, is what. Dean suddenly feels like the world’s most insensitive jerk.
Castiel’s ears start to ring, a high-pitched whine drilling through his dampened hearing. Other sounds drift to the surface: the squeak-squeal of Jack’s sneaker soles on the linoleum of the hall, the distant, pervasive background hum of the bunker, Sam growling at Dean, “C’mon, Dean, don’t
. Dean can suddenly hear his pulse in his ears, feeling raw and exposed under Cas’ intense scrutiny. He’s acutely aware of Castiel’s feathers (
.” His eyes, already so blue, seem to flash in the murky light of the bedroom. He pushes himself to the edge of the bed and slides off of it, walking over to Dean and crouching in front of him. Dean feels a flush climb up his neck to his cheeks, and keeps his eyes steadfastly on Castiel’s face.
A smile slowly stretches across Dean’s face. Damn, but he loves how Cas keeps catching him wrong-footed; the thrill of surprise moves through him in a pleasant shiver.
“In my true form… well.” Castiel clears his throat, contemplating his own arms, a look of consternation on his face. He avoids Dean’s eyes, tense. “Suffice it to say I look — very different, as you know, now —”
Castiel interrupts Dean’s stammering with a firm press of his lips. He pulls back and his smile is radiant. “Of course I’ll wear it,” he tells him. Dean feels his whole body go slack and he lets out a self-deprecating laugh. He rubs at the back of his neck, feeling sheepish. “Dunno why that made me so nervous,” he chuckles.
It’s sure not the first time Dean’s had such a thought; the crazy thing is, this time he thinks he wants to
Dean gives a wobbly nod, nervous and greedy at the same time, and licks his lips before saying tentatively, “Okay, but you’re gonna have to help me out here, ’cause my legs are jello.”
Castiel nods and watches as Dean leaves the shop. And continues to watch through the window as Dean stops on the sidewalk, looks up at the sky, and turns around to come back inside.
to it for a change. It always upset Cas to see Dean angry, a thousand times more so after everything with the Mark. What if… what if he just… calms the fuck down, for a second?
Something of his confusion must show on his face. Castiel raises his shoulders in the stiff semblance of a shrug. “I think…” Castiel frowns and looks at the floor, and the crease between his brows is instantly familiar. Dean has a sudden and ridiculous impulse to kiss Castiel right between the eyes. Which he squashes, because it is wildly inappropriate.
Castiel comes into the kitchen wrapping a scarf – Dean’s scarf, actually, now that he’s looking, the little
“I thought – I dunno, I thought me givin’ up on what you sacrificed yourself for would fuck you up the most.” He grinned sheepishly. “Kinda bratty, I know.”
His own eyelids growing heavy, Dean shifts so Cas can lay beside him, and they rearrange themselves to fit together in Dean’s bed, now made completely perfect according to his deservedly high sleeping standards. Castiel drops his head to Dean’s shoulder and their legs tangle together. His wings encircle them both, a glimmering curtain of protection and love made manifest.
“Cover it up,” John commanded, and Dean balked. It was the middle of August, hot and hazy, the sort of weather that begged for no clothes at all, or at most, a pair of shorts. The thought of wearing a long-sleeved shirt in the heat of a Kansas summer made Dean’s head spin.
Shuffling down the hall, Dean faceplants into his memory-foam mattress with a groan. He plugs his phone in, makes sure his alarm is set, and has a moment to think about how big and empty his bed feels before the day catches up with him and he falls asleep, exhausted.
“I hope you know by now,” Cas says, serious and sincere, “I will always choose to save you. Since I met you, that’s all I’ve ever cared about, Dean. Keeping you safe.”
“If you really have to ask me,” Meg said after a moment, “then I don’t even know what to say to you, Castiel.” She sniffed, slapped her palms on the sodden wood of the dock, and pushed herself to her feet. She stood beside him, looking at the darkening sky and shaking her head. Castiel saw a few tears slip free, sliding down her cheek and under her chin.
“I kinda love the way you make me… feel seen, y’know?” He rakes his eyes over Castiel and smiles at him, reverent and sincere. “And I see
“Are you… is it… is this okay?” he stammers, words tumbling out without checking in with him first. “Do you want to do this, Dean, are you…”
Trying to shrug the tension out of his shoulders as he drives, he spares a thought for Castiel still asleep in the bed. Dean hopes the little guy isn’t too upset to find himself alone when he wakes up.
When Castiel spots the package of bacon he lights up and he lets out a hungry squeak. Dean looks down at the dragon and smiles at him. “Yeah, I know buddy,” he says, giving Castiel a scratch between the wings before washing his hands at the sink. “You love your bacon just as much as I do, don’tcha.” Cas lets out an affirmative chirp and hops around on his tiny feet.
Pushing back, Dean wraps his hands on either side of Cas’ throat, stroking his thumbs up the center, before he slides his fingers up into Cas’ hair, tilting his head until they are hovering mere millimeters apart, breaths mingling.
He glances around at the familiar space, his home, now, for the last seven years. He’d always thought it felt that way because of Sam, but he knows better, now.
“As it is, I can’t…” Cas pauses, his brow furrowing as he tries to explain what’s happening. “It’s like I’m a sieve; I can pull my grace in, but I can’t hold onto it, or keep its shape for long —”
his brain chants at him, but Dean doesn’t know for sure and if he’s gonna say that shit out loud to someone right now, it sure as hell isn’t going to be anyone other than Cas. “I dunno,” he mutters, pressing his hands to his face.
He pushes the sugar bowl back against the coffee maker and hears a distinctly weird sound, like the world’s tiniest sneeze and a squeak at once. Dean looks around the kitchen before resting his eyes on his sugar bowl again, drawing his hand away in slow suspicion.
Castiel stares silently into his whiskey, his mouth twisted in a sour frown. He glances quickly at Dean and then back to his drink. “I did hear your prayers, yes,” he says finally, conspicuously looking anywhere but at Dean. “I didn’t answer any of them because I — ” His frown deepens and he tosses back the contents of his glass, catching a stray drop and rolling his tongue over his lower lip, which Dean does not notice because that’s not the sort of thing Dean is allowed to notice. Especially not about Cas, and especially not right now when he’s so mad and confused and — and
“We’re just gonna skip over the part where, I don’t know, I’m not really the same species here?” Dean finally says. He can feel Castiel’s claws dig into the skin of his shoulder, and the dragon noses behind his ear again, tickling. Dean twists his head to look down at Cas. “Quit it, you,” he mutters fondly.
“Hey, Cas,” he says softly, not wanting to startle him. He gently bumps their shoulders together and sees Castiel smile. When he finally looks up at Dean, there is a light in his eyes that positively screams childlike delight.
“Shit,” he mutters. The song ends soft, a stark contrast to Dean’s insides, currently composed of broken glass, and rolls into
What was any of it for? Dean knew they hadn’t had much of a chance to begin with, but they went in quiet and smart and still they lost
Dean looks over at Sam, expecting to see one of his bitchfaces. Instead, he’s met with a look of understanding. Something inside of Dean squirms and he wants to look away from his brother’s face, uncomfortable. But, he thinks it’s probably good for him to let Sam see…
Cas looks down at the small vial cradled in his hands, the bright blue-white glow thrumming with an irregular cadence. He stares at it for a long, charged moment, before looking up at Dean and meeting his eyes with a determined stare.
“Hey,” he says, gentle, “I’m not gonna leave you outside again, okay?” Cas looks at Dean for a moment, the little dragon’s gaze weighty and serious. Dean smiles his best reassuring smile, the one he used to pull out any time Sam was wondering where Dad was,
He rages inwardly. What kind of bullshit ending would it be for Castiel to be merely a sacrifice? Throwing away a chance for them to be happy
Dean closes the last of the distance between them, tentatively reaching out to cup his hands around Castiel’s elbows. When Cas doesn’t pull away, Dean slides his hands up Cas’ arms and rests them on his neck, thumbs under his jaw and tilting his head back ever so slightly.
Dean throws a grateful look Sam’s way before bringing his gaze expectantly to Jack. Who is shaking his head, sad. “Unfortunately, no, Sam,” he says, and Dean can hear the pain in his voice. “Whatever rules govern the relationship between me and the Empty now, the only way it’s okay for me to stay here is if I don’t get involved.”
Castiel flinches. “You’re going to tell your brother we had sex,” he says in flat disbelief. They’re skipping right over the panic, then?
He kisses Dean slow and savoring before laying his head on his chest, listening to his heart as it slows. They lie together, sweat cooling in the air-conditioned room, making Castiel itch. Eventually Dean gets up and shucks his pants and underwear, heads for the bathroom. Castiel listens to the tap turn on, the splash of water. He drifts, relaxed and sleepy, and comes back to himself when his own pants are being pulled off. Dean sits on the edge of the bed and reaches out to gently clean Castiel’s belly with a warm washcloth, peeking at Castiel’s face through his lashes as he does so, almost shy. When he’s satisfied, he chucks the washcloth somewhere near the bathroom and climbs onto the bed, dragging the comforter over them. The AC clicks off and leaves a vacuum of sound in its wake.
. This thing Dean has kept shoved so far inside him and for so long he’s almost forgotten the shape of it. Has he been an idiot? For certain. But now that he is free, truly
Blood spilled, garish and brash, across the slick surface under Castiel’s feet, puddling and pooling, and he watched, impotent, as Dean’s face contorted in a rictus of pain. His teeth clenched and bloodied, he slid the blade free of his ribs and let it clatter soundlessly to the ground. Castiel collapsed all the way to his knees, mind blank and heart in agony, as he sat trapped, unable to look away from the most precious person in his entire universe bleeding to death in front of him.
Hesitating only for a second, Dean crouches in front of Cas and lays a hand on his shoulder. When Cas raises his head to peer over the tops of his knees, Dean smiles, a sudden rush of relief pouring through him and untangling all the knots inside him. “Okay?” he murmurs, because anything more specific he can think of to ask would have too frightening an answer. Some unreadable expression passes through Cas’ face, but he nods minutely, eyes only for Dean.
“That’s my mom,” Dean tells the dragon. “She’s been gone a while, now.” He shrugs and replaces the frame on the side table, suddenly wanting to wrap his arms around himself but resisting the impulse.
Dean staring up at the stars and praying to Cas in purgatory (time period between s7 and 8), Cas in the shadows watching, expression full of the pain of not being able to go over to Dean, but also showing how overwhelmed he is that Dean is still praying to him, the quiet hope that gives him for how Dean feels about him.
“No, I will not go back to your room,” Castiel tells him as he brushes his fingertips over Dean’s bare shoulders, his collarbone, his pecs. He drags his fingers down Dean’s softening belly, and Dean does his best not to feel self conscious even as Castiel wraps his hand around Dean’s hip and gives it a firm, affectionate squeeze. “I intend to have you right here,” he informs Dean before pulling him back to standing, dropping to his knees at Dean’s feet, and resting his hands, large and warm, in the creases of Dean’s thighs.
, Jesus. Something about this guy’s smile makes Dean feel weak in the knees. He doesn’t know if it’s the shape of his mouth, or the way his cheek dimples, or the flash of his teeth, or what. But his smile
Dean retrieves his mug and stands, trying to ignore the vague sense of unease that creeps in at leaving the little guy out in the cold, and marches back into the warm kitchen to brew a second pot of coffee.
“Quit that,” he says, and Cas peeks up over Dean’s chest. He shoves his snout right back into the ticklish juncture under Dean’s arm, and that’s it. For the first time since Cas appeared, Dean feels his temper boil up and spill out of him, masking the worry that’s eating at his insides.
Sniffling, Dean shifts and lays Castiel out flat on the ground. He wipes his arm across his nose and then reaches into his pocket for the crystal vial. His bleeding palm makes it hard for him to get a good grip on anything but he manages not to fumble the vial. Carefully, he leans over and reaches for the angel blade, retrieving it from where he’d dropped it when he was flung backwards.
, I could feel something pulling me into your orbit. Sure as the sun would rise in the morning, sure as there are stars in the sky, I was being pulled. As for how I knew, well.” He smiles and reaches up to touch Dean’s cheek with his gloved hand before sliding down and back to cup his neck. “The first time I laid eyes on you, I just… I could feel the truth of it. It just
“What can I do for you?” he rumbles, and Dean finds himself having to clear his own throat, suddenly captured by an intense blue stare.
human being, more than he loved anything in the entirety of his Father’s dominion. And in doing so, became the only agent of free will in the entirety of his Father’s dominion.
Swallowing past the lump in his throat, Dean asks, “So why are you still here?” He hears himself and he winces. “I mean — I’m glad you’re here, man — but why not zap topside and get a tune up?”
like a giant soap bubble, disintegrating and chasing goose bumps over his shoulders and arms as Dean groans into Castiel’s mouth. The sound sets Castiel’s insides to trembling, and he tightens his grip on Dean’s hand, thrilling when he feels the answering squeeze, cool satin still pressed between their palms.
can hear you,” Castiel groans, pissy and in pain. He stirs, tries to push himself up, but Dean holds him down with disturbing ease. He slides his hand from Cas’ chest to the side of his neck, thumb brushing over Cas’ pulse absently, an automatic offer of comfort Dean tries to convince himself he would give to anyone with equally little deliberation.
”s, warm, into the space between them, and Dean drops his head heavy onto Castiel’s shoulder with a groan. It vibrates through Castiel, another sensation crashing over him and making his brain feel soupy. He knows down to the atoms what is happening to his tangible self, which chemicals and their receptors are producing this euphoria, but Castiel is still at a total loss to explain how Dean’s hands, stroking him firm and sure, can make him feel holy again.
“Hey little dude,” he murmurs, letting his finger dip down into the divot between its wings. “Or dudette, whatever. Wake up, time to go.”
He comes to kneel beside Dean, beside Castiel’s flickering form. Castiel is slowly becoming more transparent as the light around him grows brighter, glowing so strongly that Dean has to squeeze his eyes shut. He can feel Sam moving next to him and peeks, watching as his brother throws everything he’s collected from the cabinet into the bowl, then pours a sweet-smelling oil over all of it. Sam squints, frowning as concentration creeps across his face, his lips inaudibly forming the words of a spell as Cas continues to fade.
Castiel draws his eyes up Dean’s face, earnestly looking. His gaze pierces something inside of Dean that hasn’t seen the light in a
Dean would have been happy with that. He would have. Knowing Cas was alive, even if he didn’t want to — to
“That sounds —” Dean pauses, not really sure how it sounds, after all. What would it be like to basically know everything all the time? “Kinda terrifying, actually.”
He forces a laugh, embarrassed by the praise but privately, wickedly pleased Cas thinks so. “Gee, Cas,” he says, tucking the sheet around Cas’ shoulders and trying to cover his blushing school-girl demeanor with a joke, “tell me how you really feel.”
It’s a chilly afternoon in early November when Dean goes toe-to-toe with a vampire and ends up with a metal spike in his back, thoughts torn between
Dean’s stomach is tying itself it knots, but he’s not sure if it’s because the thought of Cas vanishing again and losing all of his memories makes him want to puke, or the thought of Cas staying here — with all his memories — makes him want to puke.
, hushed, from the tape Dean had made him – ages ago, now. Something about that song in particular spoke to him, even then, of what was and what
“Yes, of course,” Castiel answers. He reaches across Dean’s lap to take his hand and twine their fingers together, warm through their gloves.
“I’ll do it–” he gets out before Dean is at his mouth again, demanding, and Castiel fumbles with the buttons before giving up and rolling his shoulders out of the shirt, Dean eagerly helping to push the garment off and out of the way. A button pops and goes skittering into a corner somewhere as Dean yanks the shirt from Castiel, tossing it over his shoulder and out of sight.
Castiel moans, muffled behind lips pressed tight together, and arches hard against Dean, hips rocking off the bed, chasing the pressure of the other man’s grip.
Something in Dean relaxes and he pushes the last little bit into Castiel’s space. He closes his eyes and touches his mouth to Castiel’s lightly, still almost asking for permission, still not sure if any of this is real. For the briefest moment, they stay like that, lips barely touching, an electric sort of tension building between them–
Dean, dressed in his usual fashion, seems somehow infinitely more careworn than he was when Castiel saw him last, even in his sleep. His hair is peppered with grey, now, and there’s a long, angry red scar on his forearm running from the back of his left wrist to the crook of his elbow. His fingers twitch around the curled paper edges of his book, and he stirs, head snapping back, a sudden disgruntled sound escaping him. He fumbles the book to the floor and swears, automatic and under his breath, bending to retrieve it. He finally notices Castiel is awake when he wraps a hand around the book and returns to sitting upright.
“I don’t think it does, Dean,” Sam finally says, shaking his head. “I mean, you’ve changed a lot. When we first started looking for Dad? You wouldn’t have hesitated to put a bullet between Garth’s eyes when you found out what happened to him.” Sam looks up and meets his eye. “We’ve both done incredibly stupid things,” he goes on, “terrible things. But I like to think we’ve both changed, too, for the better.” He pauses, grinning. “Would’a made you a hypocrite if you guys started banging right when Cas showed up —”
be on a person, and Dean watches, horrified, as different and familiar faces flicker across the black goo, all faces he’d happily never have to look at ever again – Azazel, Crowley, Abaddon, Cain, Ruby, Lucifer, Alastair. The Empty can’t decide which one to use, continuously cycling through all of them, eyes shifting from black to yellow to red, mouth shaped into a murderous frown.
Cas fumbles for the door handle in the dark and practically falls out of the car in his rush to get out of it. For a whole hot second, Dean thinks he’s going to puke right there next to the rear tires, but then Castiel is continuing into the cornfield like a man on a mission, stumbling every other step as he picks his way through the remains of dry cornstalks poking up through the snow. A horrible memory drifts lazily to the surface of his thoughts: Castiel striding into a lake, releasing the Leviathan back into the world. The hairs on the back of Dean’s neck stand on end.
everything so deeply. Grief. Anger. Relief.” He raises his eyes to Dean’s and something wistful crosses his face. “Exultation. Joy.”
The buzzing of his phone against cold concrete is a distant hum in Dean’s ears. He doesn’t know how long it’s been ringing. He’s lost count, if he ever had it, of how many times Sam has tried to call. He just–
“You assumed what?” Dean prompts when Castiel doesn’t continue, heart abruptly, inexplicably in his throat.
okay, but even in the face of Castiel’s return he can’t bring himself to cross the threshold they’ve been standing on for years now. Dean knows himself well enough to know it’s because he’s fucking terrified. He’s no coward. But he’s not sure he would survive losing Castiel again. And if he lets Cas any closer? If he actually lets him in? Forget it. The next time Cas dies, Dean would be obliterated.
Sitting forward in his chair, planting his elbows on the table, Dean looks over at Sam and announces, “Cas is in love with me.”
“I don’t know how long I’ve been here,” Dean continued, voice lowered, rough in prayer. “I don’t know if I’ll ever leave this place. But, Cas, I swear. I swear to you. I’m going to find you if it’s the last thing I do. I don’t care how many –
Turning his head to the side, Castiel is met with a most welcome sight – Dean Winchester, alive and breathing and very much asleep, chin to chest, a well-loved paperback copy of
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs, leaning his chin on the crown of Dean’s head, “I’m right here.” He drops a kiss to Dean’s hair and says, “I’ll always be right here.”
He reaches into his apron pocket and pulls out the napkin, wrapping it carefully around the tall plastic to-go cup before heading over to the pick-up counter and passing it over to Dean. He catches the brief look of confusion on the other man’s face when he realizes he’s getting the drink he ordered right away, and Castiel smiles at him.
As Castiel walked slowly back to the blanket, he thought about their friendship over the years and suddenly saw things in a different light. He’d never – never thought about her as anything other than his closest, dearest friend, and he was saddened to discover they weren’t on the same page, the way he’d always thought they were.
“You were afraid,” Dean repeats, flat. “Cas. You — what’s worse than this? Than us doing the same sing-song and dance every time you — you leave and then miraculously come back?” He flings a hand out, gesturing between them and around the kitchen. “What were you planning to do, huh? Avoid me for the rest of eternity?”
He watches his friend take a steadying breath. Castiel straightens his stance and looks over at Dean with a determined glint in his eye. He takes a step closer. “Dean,” he says, calm. “I want to talk to you.”
“Yes,” Castiel says. “But, Sam did manage to keep the tether somewhat intact. Impressively quick thinking on his part, by the way.”
.” His right cheek is bright red where it was smashed flat against the table and it makes something warm bloom beneath Dean’s ribs.
“Dean?” Cas says, looking up at the dark sky, his rumbling voice low, all curves and softness. Dean thinks he can hear his pulse from this close.
receiving the union you crave only to have it snatched away again, over and over and over, no matter how hard you clench your fists, or scream to the heavens for this pain to cease.
He shrugs and drops his hands to the table. “I didn’t know what to say, Sammy,” he tells him, and he wills Sam to believe him because it’s
Regardless. He still had a job to do. His stubborn streak rearing its head, Dean puts a foot on the bottom riser and starts his climb.
Castiel drops a kiss to Dean’s neck. “Then don’t,” he answers, practical, before very deliberately tipping his chin up. When Dean looks at Cas he sees nothing but certainty. No, there’s something more – Dean sees
Dean gets home and beelines for his room, but realizes as he traverses the quiet hallways that no one appears to be here. He has no idea where Sam and Jack are, and decides he doesn’t care. Dean gathers some towels and goes to shower the dirt and ash and grief from his skin. He barely registers the water pouring over him, going about the task on autopilot and then wandering around the bunker in a daze, almost dream-like except really it’s a nightmare. Everywhere he looks something reminds him of Castiel, but only a
His knuckles blanch white in the sheets as Dean takes a needle to the gash on his leg. He chews on his bloody lip, caging the raw sound threatening to tear from his lungs. His leg throbs, and the needle stings, and the cottony pull of the thread through the meat of his calf sets his teeth to grinding. What Castiel wouldn’t give, in these moments, to be able to fix this with barely a thought, as he once was able. There are times when Castiel wonders how he could have let himself become so small. But then Dean will say or do something to make his space in Castiel’s heart even bigger, and Castiel thinks about how his love for this man turned out to be the most powerful force in all of creation.
“Was that…” Castiel searches for the right word and draws a blank. He looks to Dean, who only gives his hair another gentle tug and pulls Castiel close and into a chaste kiss.
A sweet, tender warmth flourishes behind Dean’s ribcage as he watches Cas sleep from atop the balcony, an affectionate smile overtaking his features and making him feel giddy. He tries to dispel the sensation and walk cautiously down the stairs, not wanting to disturb the sleeping angel. He shrugs out of his jacket and drapes it over the back of a chair, and gives himself permission to just
Dean laughs softly, petting a hand over Cas’ shoulder, down his back, up over the curve of a wing before pushing his fingers into the feathers there. “Yeah,” he answers, unable to keep the smile from his face
The murky, slithering shapes around them coalesce in front of Dean at Castiel’s feet, becoming vaguely human-shaped before oozing apart, then coiling back together. A head-shape appears where a head
Dean tackles the nest situation with gusto – at first. He initially tries to tempt Castiel with a shoebox, full of loose change. Cas – because
“So you messed up his order? Cas, I know you weren’t actually born in this century, but you have heard of
Dean’s furious at first. He doesn’t talk to Cas or Sam for three whole days, instead spending long hours tinkering in the garage or walking out in the fields beyond the bunker, stewing. Doesn’t it make the most sense for Cas to go back to Heaven and just… wait for Dean to die? It’s not like it’s gonna take Dean a long time — even if he lives to see 90, his lifespan is a blip on Cas’ radar. It’ll be over in a blink.
Castiel is met with a wide, hungry look when he reaches and covers Dean’s hand with his own. He pants, mouth open and dripping soft little “
“I made you tea,” he tells Cas absently, waving the mug, and he sees the glow from Cas’ eyes dim as they narrow. He takes in the way Castiel is holding himself, proud and anxious at once, and Dean can feel Cas’ otherness pressing against the edges of him like a physical touch. Taking a cautious step closer, Dean lets himself get a good look, admiring the way each feather in the dark is outlined faintly in glowing blue, an intangible, shifting edge between dream and reality, and with that strange sensation of true awe bubbling up inside him, he realizes he can see the hundreds of thousands of minuscule points of light making up Cas’ glow, like bioluminescent dust, or pocket-sized stars.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel says, muffled in Dean’s neck. His words land hot on Dean’s skin, making him shiver. “I just wanted to do something nice,” Castiel adds, and his voice sounds so small it breaks Dean’s heart a little.
“Okay, smartass,” Dean says, calm spreading through his chest, gradually overtaking the thought of losing Cas again that had settled cold and heavy inside him. “What’d that witch do to you?”
Heart stuttering in his chest, Dean has a sudden, horrible idea. Cas was in the bed, snuggled up on him, when he’d fallen asleep. What if Cas hadn’t gone back to his mug at all? What if Dean had rolled over in the middle of the night and was too drunk to notice he’d…?
“No!” he snaps. It’s quiet, but to Dean, it sounds like a shout. He shuts his mouth with an audible click as Cas tells him in no uncertain terms: “No. You
Before Dean can finish… whatever it is he thought he was going to say, Sam’s clomping footsteps force his attention to the kitchen door. Castiel pulls away abruptly, clasping his hands in front of himself on the table, casual. As if he hadn’t just shaken Dean to his bones with a simple touch.
Huffing out a heavy sigh, Dean runs trembling hands through his hair. He laces his fingers together at the back of his neck, shoving down the urge to reach out and touch Castiel — just to see, just to make
Around him, the edges of the blood pooled around Dean started to bubble and smoke. Frowning, Castiel stood slowly, confused and aghast when tiny red droplets oozed through the ground and then fell upwards into darkness. Soon a gentle reverse rain danced around him, and as Castiel realized with a sick feeling that this
But then like a lightning strike, he feels a tug behind his ribs, and suddenly he’s being yanked backwards through the Empty like a fish on the line. Dean crushes Castiel to him and closes his eyes, wishes he could block out the sound around them, too, and can only pray that if nothing else, seeing them come home safely is something Jack doesn’t consider “interfering.”
“You sure this is gonna work, Sammy?” he asks, hoping his brother doesn’t notice the tremor in his voice. Insane. They’d just taken the worst beating of their lives, defeated
He thinks about the conjugation of bodies, hands touching hands, skin to skin – the infinitesimal atomic gap that can never truly be crossed, and yet, and yet, when their hands touch, when their flesh meets, the gap is nonexistent, every piece and particle yearning for union, consuming him in a conflagration of feeling he can no longer contain. Every embrace, rare and brief and precious, devours his senses and leaves him longing, and now in this place, in this darkness, they play on repeat in his mind, and the hunger comes and comes and comes and never seems to end.
he knows it makes him sound like a teenage girl, but — Dean’s cried over Cas enough to last him a goddamn lifetime.
“If I let a small amount of my grace in at a time,” he says, sounding immeasurably tired, “I may be able to bind myself to this vessel again.”
“Because you two have been attached at the hip basically since birth and there’s no way she’s going to stop talking to you?”
They’ve gone through about half of the warren of stalls at the market, mostly sticking together, drifting into and out of each other’s orbits as something or other catches the eye and draws one of their group away momentarily. Turning a corner, Dean looks over to ask Castiel if he’s okay to stay for a little while longer, but the other man is nowhere to be seen.
“Get up, sunshine,” Dean commands, sliding his hand down to Cas’ elbow and giving him an encouraging tug. “Let’s get you to bed, okay?”
“Oh, god,” Dean breathes, relieved, “you absolute little shit.” Cas tilts his head and his face contorts into a frown, obviously displeased with this new nickname. “You scared the fuck outta me, Cas.”
They step onto the driveway where Sam has pulled up the car. Baby’s idling engine purrs, the deep vibration an enormous part of what makes her sound like home to Dean, familiar and safe. He bundles Cas into the back seat and then ducks in to follow after him, leaving Sam to climb in behind the wheel, his face a picture of astonishment and concern.
he’s imagining the intense looks and attempts at flirting (he knows he’s not imagining how flustered he gets over the stupidest shit), but he still doesn’t even know the guy’s name.
A deep sense of powerlessness overcomes him, but Dean manages to get a handle on himself. The zen quality of the field may finally be seeping into him; Dean thinks it might actually be impossible to hold onto any kind of darkness, here. It’s exactly what he wanted for Cas. He’s glad he listened to his gut. And when another broken sound slips from him, he’s doubly glad he came to do this alone.
Dean chews on his lip, thoughtful. “Dunno yet,” he finally replies. “But you’re right. I’ll think of something.” He looks at the dragon, currently batting his pen back and forth in a clear effort to slay the plastic thing. Its face is scrunched in fierce concentration as though its victory over the pen is life-or-death stakes. A tiny growl emanates from its chest. “Gotta be badass, though. You should see his little face, man. He gets so
The fear sat like an icy lump in his stomach as Dean righted his bike and started walking home. His shoulder stung something awful and he berated himself mercilessly the entire length of his walk; for letting Lee provoke him, for letting Aaron hold his hand, for– for kissing him, for being curious about it in the first place. What was he thinking? How could he have been so
Possibly feeling left out, Castiel noses behind Dean’s ear, huffing. Dean tries – and mostly succeeds – not to jump out of his skin from the tickling sensation. “Hey!” he chides, “That’s playing dirty, Cas.” If dragons could harrumph, Castiel would have been the grand emperor of harrumphing, Dean is one-hundred-percent sure.
Castiel’s eyebrows couldn’t possibly go higher on his forehead without simply taking flight, and Dean steels himself for Cas’ reaction. He wrestles with his overactive imagination which gleefully tells him he’d deserve it if Cas decides he’s had enough, and tries to ignore the lead weight in his belly telling him that’s the only outcome he should expect.
He sees Cas frown and plows on: “You don’t know– you have no idea how much– how bad it was when you were gone.  I couldn’t– ” Dean cuts himself off, horrified to realize he’s tearing up. He scrubs his hands over his face before cupping his eyes with the palms of his hands. He can feel how hot his skin is, burning and dry. He’s
“Come to my room,” Dean says, wanting to ignore how his pulse beats heavy in his throat, but hyper-aware of its rhythmic
“Look, tomorrow’s Friday, right? Technically the weekend. Can I come get you around nine?” Dean asks, heart in his throat even though Cas was the one who asked first. When Cas hesitates, Dean adds with a grin, “It’s kind of a long drive to get where I wanna bring you.”
The room is dark except for the light spilling in from the hallway and the blue-white glow of Castiel’s eyes, glaring furiously out at Dean from a giant pile of oil-black feathers. A few small, downy-looking ones drift lazily through the air on an invisible current, and Dean stands in the doorway, completely stunned. He’s always known, intellectually, that Cas isn’t human, and he’s had plenty of reminders over the years — the most recent of which solidified that concept for him irrevocably only a handful of hours before — but before all of this he’s only ever seen the shadows of Castiel’s wings, tattered and sad. Now, he’s seen pretty much all of Cas, every magnificent, weirdly incorporeal inch of him, and Dean’s astonished to find the tips of his fingers suddenly tingling with a fierce need to reach out and touch. A gasp catches in his throat and he wets his lip, acutely aware of his heartbeat thudding along through his body.
He’s not smiling now, though; hunt gone slightly sideways, they’d had to fight their way out more vigorously than he thinks either of them had anticipated. They both came away with cuts and scrapes, but Castiel caught the brunt of it, and is bleeding all over the motel’s cheap carpeting at three in the morning. He kind of wants a drink, and is reasonably sure Dean wouldn’t decline one, either. Castiel is also sure Dean is busy silently berating himself, but it wasn’t anyone’s fault Sam came down with an epic bout of the flu and is back at the bunker, no doubt being clucked over by a no-nonsense Eileen, who had looked like she’d murder anyone who even suggested Sam was well enough to go out on a hunt. Neither Castiel nor Dean had wanted to test her, and so here they are, alone for the first time in weeks.
Dean stares down at his hands. Clenches them together. Wonders what in the fuck is wrong with him, not for the first time. “Cas,” he chokes out. Clears his throat, and tries a little louder: “Cas, wait.”
. Hester was right. Dean was the reason Cas was… what he was, and sometimes the weight of that responsibility crashed into Dean’s train of thought and thoroughly fucked him up for hours, for
Having his little brother here now, right here, snaps something inside of him, and despite a lifetime of having to pretend to be the only responsible adult in the room, Dean just… can’t do it, right now. He falls forward into Sam, clutching him around the waist and pressing his face into Sam’s neck. Slowly, surprised, Sam circles his arms around Dean’s shoulders and squeezes him tight, and that’s it for Dean. He tries to take in some air, but it drags on its way in, sharp, and his breath hitches into a broken sob. His eyes, burning now, impossibly manage to eke out more tears. He doesn’t even care. He couldn’t stop them even if he wanted to.
Besides, Castiel knew he deserved this. The endless running, the endless fighting, never having more than a few moments – if he was lucky – to rest. Worrying each night as darkness fell that he wouldn’t hear Dean’s prayers, that Dean would just – disappear, quietly, from Castiel’s life. Castiel was here for penance, he knew. But if Dean died in this place, then no amount of time spent in Purgatory, or prayer, or penance, would redeem Castiel. If Dean died here, it would be Castiel’s fault.
. A few weeks ago, he’d had a job application for a local garage on his desk — just thinking about it, nothing serious yet — but he was considering… retirement. He thinks it bears further, solid deliberation. Maybe he does have a shot at the apple-pie life now, if he wants it. Sam, too, though Dean’s certain his brother is going to follow Eileen to the ends of the earth and he doesn’t see her giving up hunting any time soon.
And indeed, the next morning Dean pulls his favorite mug off its hook and peers inside. The dragon is sleeping soundly within, snout tucked up under a wing. It looks so vulnerable curled up like this, and Dean feels a tugging inside his chest that he does his very best to ignore.
He puffs out a breath. “Yeah. You know. For dragging you into all of this fucking mess in the first place. For getting you killed more times than I care to count. Fuck, Cas, I’ve done nothing but let you down from the very beginning.”
worry about carrying around the weight of the fucking world. He and Cas were long overdue for a heart to heart, and in this moment Dean is absolutely sick of putting himself last.
, too. They’d been alone when the Empty took Cas. He’d had no one else to say goodbye to. And besides – angels can’t… can’t feel that way, at least not the way humans do. So of course, of
Dean feeds Cas bites of egg in between scrolling through his emails and idly checking the news. The dragon eats like it doesn’t know where its next meal is coming from (
Dean continues to watch over Cas, and the small smile hiding in the corner of his mouth, unburdened and happy, makes Dean smile, too.
The last prompt for prompt roulette! This was the first time I set out to write ~8K in a month, and technically less than a month because I started a week late. ^.^;; And I did it! ::is proud:: Hope y'all have enjoyed coming along on this journey with me.
Castiel climbed into the tub and pulled the shower curtain shut behind him, then awkwardly dragged his wet swimsuit down his legs and kicked it to the back of the tub. Then, slowly, he unwrapped the dishtowel from his arm, throwing it over his shoulder to keep it out of the way.
the face he’s making. “Well, it says here that, in the wild, once a dragon accepts a mate, they’ll, um.”
“That’s–” Dean can almost hear Sam shifting gears in his head. “Huh. That’s kinda true, actually,” he says finally, surprise coloring his voice.
Dean crouches next to the raspberries, places the mug down in the dewy grass and cups both hands around the tiny creature he’s found. Dropping his hands level with the ground, he tries to slide out from under the dragon’s curled body. It clings to him with its tiny claws, like a kitten. It makes a strange purring chirp that is clearly a sound of distress, and Dean feels a stab of guilt when he finally manages to extricate himself and put his hands on his knees.
“Hey,” Dean says, shifting a little so he can see Cas’ face. “How’d you end up covered in flour like that, anyway?”
“For you to make a move, man! For you to kiss me, I don’t fucking know.” He huffs out a weak laugh. “Listen, Cas. I don’t know about all the other stuff,” he admits, licking his lips nervously, “but I do know all I’ve been able to – to even
“Dean,” Castiel says solemnly, “I’ve somehow come into possession of Eileen’s underwear.” He looks at the skimpy garment and thinks his face is heating again. “I am… unsure of how to return these to her without– Dean?” Castiel stops, his train of thought thoroughly derailed by the look on Dean’s face: cheeks rosy red, mouth agape, eyes wide and… afraid?
“No,” the Empty says, and somehow Dean can hear it clear as day above the background of dissonant sound, like it’s speaking directly into his ear. “You cannot have him. He made the Deal. He knew its consequences.”
Dean lets out a soft laugh. “Just needed some lovin’, huh?” he jokes, keeping his voice low. “Well.” Dean cradles Castiel’s face and draws the dragon close, laying a soft kiss right between his eyes, open now and gazing at Dean softly. His purring intensifies, more of a rumble than a buzz. “You know I love ya, buddy.” Dean says this and realizes suddenly that it is very much true. He’s known basically from the beginning that Cas is special, and has loved him, as much as a human being can love a dragon, since perhaps a split second after the first time Dean found him curled up in his coffee cup.
A tiny seed of worry takes root in Dean’s chest as he starts looking through the house for Cas. He thinks back to Sam’s joke about always knowing where to look for the dragon, but Cas is definitely too big now to even think about hiding in Dean’s bathrobe pocket anymore. Still, he makes his way down the hall to his bedroom, figuring it’s most likely that Cas has stayed near his hoard. And also where it’s warmest, under the blankets, since it’s getting closer and closer to winter and what Dean assumes will be hibernation time.
– to be doing. “Guess I better figure out how to take care of you, huh?” he muses. The dragon chirps and then makes a noise like a purr.
, c-u-m cummings, gimme a break! Any sixteen-year-old woulda been curious.” He then adds, teasing: “Besides, you knew all of that was in here, buddy.” He untangles himself from Cas’ hair to tap at his own temple. “You knew
“Oh, holy shit,” Dean says weakly, his knees going watery and his mind going blank, consumed by the creature before him. He’s seen some shit in his life, all manner of monsters both human and otherwise, but he’s never seen anything like
Suddenly Dean’s personal space is not so personal anymore; Cas is right against him, dragging him closer and closer until they’re pressed flush, hands heavy and firm and real on Dean’s hips. Castiel steers Dean backwards into his room, looks at him with a small, pleased smile and leans in, words puffing warm against Dean’s mouth as he tells him, “I’ll see what I can do about that, then.”
He rips the headphones off and jumps from the bed, rage boiling out of him as he yells “Fuck!” and flings his beer bottle, still half-full, at the closed door. It explodes with a wet pop, glass showering to the floor shiny and sharp, vicious confetti, but it doesn’t satisfy the fury inside him. It’s not enough. It’s never enough.
Dean hears how earnest and awed that sounds and immediately clams up, heat suffusing his cheeks. Shit, what a thing to say to his best friend, who is, for all intents and purposes,
While he breathed through his nose, waiting for the pain to subside, Dean thought bitterly about how his evening had gone, how it had started out so carefree and ended with him wincing at the pain radiating from his shoulder, the warm sunburn ache on his forearm. How he should have known better than to let his guard down. How he should never have agreed to meet with Aaron in the first place.
Sam grips Dean right back and shakes his head dazedly, cupping his free hand over his ear and pressing against it. He pulls his hand away, the palm smeared with blood. “Dean, hang on,” Sam croaks, shaking his head like he’s got water in his ears. “Ugh,” he groans, “I hate the ringing. Can we stop the ringing, please?”
He doesn’t care what anyone else thinks, but: satiny sheets and the right comforter which, for Dean, is anything that keeps him warm in winter but doesn’t make him want to die of heat stroke in the summer.
, part of their elaborate and (oftentimes) confusing courtship rituals, or if Sam can’t take the tension between Dean and Castiel anymore. Heaven knows, Castiel would do what he could to escape it, too, if he had an inkling of where he could go.
“Well, I said dragons are a lot like… like bowerbirds, right? They make. Um. They make, you know, um. Oh! Fancy nests, right.” He shifts his weight from side to side, and Dean eyes him warily, wondering if Sam was indeed steady on his feet. “Uh, I maybe should have clarified? They build the fancy nests when they want to. Um. Attract a mate?”
He’s stopped in front of a potter’s booth and has his bare hands wrapped around a tall, cylindrical mug glazed in white. The very rim is a rich blue color, reminiscent of Castiel’s tattoo. Of his feathers. Dean immediately sees why the mug caught his eye. For a moment, Dean just watches Castiel’s face, looking for any signs of regret there. But all Dean can see is quiet contemplation and a wistfulness that takes his breath away.
. Like it freed him from an unbelievably heavy burden. And for one infinitesimal moment, Dean felt like it could free him, too.
, but Eileen knows what’s up and loves Dean’s pecan pie). The smell of butter and sugar and bourbon is thick in the kitchen and Metallica is playing loud, offering a background to the sounds of Dean banging around in his cabinets and on the stove. He’s dusted the counter with flour, ready to roll out his chilled chocolate pastry dough, when Castiel bursts out from behind the open sack of flour to pounce on Dean’s hands, playfully batting at him and then bouncing away. His little feet leave paw prints all across the floured counter – bad enough – but he rolls and loses his balance, flapping his wings to right himself, and all the flour goes poofing up into a cloud of dust, right in Dean’s face.
After so many weeks, though, Dean is used to having the dragon in his space. He’s used to talking to him as a… well a
do things for Dean when he imagined it was him Cas was kissing. He imagines rough, biting, angry kisses, slow tender kisses full of affection. He thinks about Cas shoving him against the nearest vertical surface and taking what he wants. He thinks about Cas lifting Dean onto the counter in the kitchen and kissing him breathless. He thinks about how it might be nice to be shoved around by someone as strong as he is, or how it would be equally nice to be touched carefully, reverently, by that same strength. He thinks about Cas cornering him in the library, in the garage, at the grocery store. He thinks about Cas kissing him
“Is it? Your number?” Dean asks again when Castiel doesn’t speak, and he bites his lip before he nods, nerves making the butterflies in his stomach crescendo violently.
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean said, the edges of his voice frayed from constant worry. “Please. Please, man, if you can hear me, if you can – find
With a cough, Dean tries on a smile. “Well, I. Um. I made this,” he says, feeling his face flushing hotly now, too. “For you,” he explains needlessly, pulling the blue-and-green bracelet from his pocket and shoving it at Castiel before he completely loses his nerve. Christ, he feels like a fucking
“I don’t wanna go back without you,” Dean said. Castiel couldn’t ignore the pain behind the words, what it
Cas lets out a sigh and Dean moves with Cas’ exhale. The feathers of his wings press against Dean’s side, warm and glowing more brightly as the sun continues to sink.
, though I think for the next week I'll be avoiding all my social media, I'm so beside myself. ;____;
.” Face bright red, he reaches out a hand, not far enough to snatch the panties from Castiel’s grip, but close enough that Castiel could hand them over if he reached out, too.
“Dean,” Cas rumbles, stirring underneath Dean’s hand and pushing himself up to sitting. He rubs his hands over his face, another oddly human gesture, and turns to Dean, looking sleepy and soft and extremely kissable. “You’re back.” The relief in Castiel’s voice hits Dean like a hurricane, and his fingers tighten involuntarily, pressing into Cas’ arm in search of safe harbor. Words he’s not ready to say crowd his throat, trying to escape.
Glancing around, Dean spots Castiel on the other side of the greenhouse, his arms crossed over his stomach and his back mostly turned to the room full of plant life. Dean sees Cas’ profile, the way he’s worrying at his lower lip and staring out into the Kansas countryside like he can’t believe what he’s seeing. Dean knows the feeling – he can’t remember the last time he saw Cas dressed in anything other than his signature holy tax accountant getup – the sight of Castiel in plaid flannel pajama pants and one of Dean’s ratty old
“Watch it,” he laughs, “or I might just have to come in there after you.” At this Castiel looks up at Dean with his blue eyes big and hopeful. When Dean just shakes his head Cas flicks water up at him again.
Closing his eyes, Castiel let the susurration of Dean’s voice wash over him. He clung even more desperately to the happiness that brought him here, certain that once he lost his grip on it, the torment of eons would come crashing down on him like a tidal wave.
“And what would you have done if this scheme of yours didn’t work? If Sam wasn’t there in time? If Jack hadn’t decided to interfere?” Castiel demands, suddenly furious with Dean for making light of yet
