Mr Lewis lifted his left hand, and john took hold gently, lifting his magnifier to the burn after a moment or two, and listening to the man's explanation.
Sherlock's eyes had already moved across the room before he'd finished his question and was taking in the two perfectly placed gunshot wounds in the chest and head on Sharon Swann, before those grey eyes returned to John's furious face
Sherlock bit hard on John's neck lapping at it tenderly once he'd drawn a sharp gasp and bucking hips from his lover.
Even as their bodies and mouths battled, Sherlock was using oil to prepare, and slid swiftly into John, and they both stilled for a heart beat, maybe longer, their furious panting the only sounds. Attacking became clinging, and the nails John had dug into Sherlock's back dragged down, raising red welt along alabaster skin and forcing Sherlock to arch his back, and hiss deliciously.
Sherlock tensed in his arms, and John pulled back a fraction with a frown marring his face, but Sherlock wouldn't, or couldn't meet his eyes.
"But you drown out everything, Sherlock... You're so... I don't even have words for it, you make me feel whole, and normal, and accepted" Even through his haze, Sherlock could feel, sense, know that John was smiling. The soft, hardly there smile he saved Just for them, and he began to feel a tight heat coiling inside him at the memory of that smile entered his brain, that smile; small, barely there, but Sherlock could feel it like a lightening bolt when his lips were pressed against John's, his tongue tracing it's shape as it probed for entry...
There he was, the ex-army man, how could anyone, let alone someone with the discipline of the army trained into them, put up with the erraticness of Sherlock Holmes?
Sherlock blinked for a moment, disorientated as he felt John slip his arms back round his waist... Then he smiled as his sharp gaze focussed on the stars above them and a memory assaulted his senses.
"He doesn't think we're good enough for each other" Sherlock growled, his fury reigniting but John soothed the flames swiftly, with a kiss to his lovers long throat, and tender brushing of his fingers along the back of Sherlock's neck.
The consulting detective paused, and almost seemed to struggle with himself before frowning "Is this... a date?"
"Don't even think about it, you hear me? If you say one single word, I may actually do something I end up regretting" His voice was rough, tense, and unlike anything Sherlock had ever heard from the smaller man, and he felt goosebumps raise on his arms that had absolutely nothing to do with the cold London air. A nod was his only response, but John's new psychic abilities meant he knew, and something in his frame relaxed minutely. The ridiculously light-hearted radio station was the only sound in the car for the rest of the journey, as John attempted to temper his anger, and Sherlock tried to understand his reactions and the new emotions that kept creeping up on him unexpectedly.
Her sharp voice cut through his thoughts and drew his cold blue eyes to her face, "Since when do you have a degree in Psychology, Sergeant?" before she could stumble over a reply, the lift doors opened and he marched out, eyes already seeking a familiar tall figure, arguing with Greg.
The wave of pleasure that flooded Johns nerve ending drew an involuntary flex of his hips as his grip on Sherlock's legs tightened and the breath in his lungs escaped in a harsh exhale that sounded remarkably like his flatmates name.
Everyone in the investigation team was desperate for Sherlock's genius to be right this time, and for once it seemed to be failing. Tensions were getting higher, tempers were growing shorter, and just to put the icing on the cake, it had been snowing heavily.
The Detective Inspector looked up from his desk with a frown as the voice gradually made links in his brain. He had never expected John Watson to barge into his office, demanding to look at cases and wondered for a moment if the man had finally snapped living with Sherlock.
He smirked, pressed his short nails into John's sides, drawing a breathy hiss, and dragged himself back up his lovers body, pressing a deep kiss to the man's mouth, smothering the his cry as he felt John shudder his release.
He would make certain they didn't run out of milk if it killed him, and at the current rate, Sherlock was going to win. If john had to resort to Internet shopping to beat the demented genius who found milk perfect for experiments then he would!
John had brushed off her concern and gotten straight to work, but he'd secretly wished she'd turned him round and sent him home right there. He was so very far beyond tired now; he wasn't sure how he was going to get to sleep even if he could get the thrice damned door open.
He prescribed Mr Lewis an antiseptic cream, and some more of the cooling salve, instructed him to keep the burn dry for at least twenty four hours, and then went home early, with apologies to Sarah.
Shoe cupboard? Hollow heels, possibly, but it would be rather obvious to his partner. Under the bathroom sink? Maybe, but the police were checking there now, and since it was a popular hiding place for drugs, he didn't think they'd skip it. Hollow walls? No, there was only one wall in the whole flat that could have been worked on for that, and they'd already questioned the neighbours about any loud noises coming from the flat, their answers being negative.
He shouldn't be finding this tiny tyrant so inexplicably attractive, but the longer John scolded him, the more Sherlock wanted to stop him with teeth and tongue, and he almost welcomed the arrival of the Yarders, before he truly embarrassed himself.
It was the first of December, and John had been in Afghanistan last December. With no close family to speak of he'd offered to stay so one of his squad could go home and see his new month old little girl.
He couldn't let this end. He needed John... Needed John? He blinked at his own reflection, his lips parting in a soft gasp, and he watched his own eyes widen in astonished realisation. He did need John. Completely, for everything. For work, for comfort, for advice, and for forgiveness. A thin steel of determination thread itself through his stormy gaze and he softly padded from the glaring artificial light of the bathroom, and up the creaking stair towards John's room, his anxiety returning the closer he got to the Doctor's bedroom door.
After an hour and a half car journey of Sherlock's incessant questions, and extreme boredom, the fact that John had managed to not let anything slip was something Sherlock was grudgingly impressed with.
It took one look into pale grey eyes fro john to know that, no, that w3asn't what had stopped the consulting detective
So he had to wonder why it still took he breath away when he walked into a room and saw John in a new light. It didn't happen every time... but it happened enough. This time, however, was slightly more literal.
Sherlock took one slow step into the room and then another, and another, watching John for some sign that he wasn't welcome. When Sherlock reached the edge of the bed, John kept watching for a moment before shifting over, and the consulting detective crawled under the covers, shedding the damp towel from his shower and blushing at John's quiet gasp of surprise, thankful the colouring on his cheeks couldn't be seen by the light from the hallway.
Every evening since their shopping trip John had been going out, and not returning for around four hours, usually sweating, and sometimes out of breath. If Sherlock hadn't known better, he'd have thought the doctor was cheating on him, but the evidence was inconclusive. John knew how observant Sherlock was, there was no way he'd be able to hide that from the consulting detective.
In the last week and a half, John thought he'd probably managed to sleep five nights, and had run the rest of the time off cat naps and caffeine. So when they'd finally returned to the freezing cold flat, Sherlock sulking after being manhandled at the hospital, and John with a blinding headache from the strain on his body and the hospitals' fluorescent lights, he had been less than amused when he returned to the living room with tea to find Sherlock on his phone, actually talking to someone.
"A goose! Oh isn't that lovely darling, You'll have to let me send thank you notes, that will make a wonderful centre piece for Boxing Day lunch..."
"So, they were both hit, but I could see from where I was the Charles was already a dead man, there was nothing I could do for him... Like I was trained to, I moved onto someone I could save, which happened to be Dan"
It took a few heartbeats for Sherlock to breathe again, but when he did he spotted the corner of John's mouth twitch. "You should know by now that you can't sneak up on me Sherlock..."
Silence lapsed again, this time comfortable and Sherlock didn't break it again, contenting himself by trying to figure out their location, but when the driver went round an either incre4dibly large round-about or round a small one multiple times, Sherlock gave up and settled back into his eat.
They'd reached the house a good few minutes after the excited Dan, and by the time the couple had made their way inside, John's friend had already dragged his father in from the actual farm to meet them.
Once Sherlock was settled, John moved to the bed, and wrapped the bed covers around the consulting detective securely. He'd worked in hospitals, even Sherlock would have trouble escaping from the trapped sheets, and the task of escaping the bed became practically impossible once John laid next to the man, on top of the sheets, pinning Sherlock to the bed.
John was nervous, and it had very little to do with the new suit he was standing in front of the mirror staring at.
"If there's nothing else, we'll be going?" John only half questioned, raising an eyebrow at Greg, but anyone watching could see that John was already propelling Sherlock out of the building by the time Lestrade had nodded his agreement.
As the ballet began reaching its grand finale, John had half expected some form of scoffing at the climax of the performance as the male adaptation of Odette and Prince Siegfried threw themselves into the depths of the lake to stay together forever. He'd expected some mention of how foolish it was, or how dull, or the pure folly of the action.
John pulled back with the help of a sharp tug to Sherlock's hair and breathed heavily for a moment, never taking his eyes from Sherlock's "Excuse me Sarah, but it seems I'm wanted at home, I'm sure our dinner's going cold... wasn't it Indian tonight, Sherlock?"
Sherlock pressed a soft kiss to Johns waiting lips before pulling back briefly "Guy Fawkes Night display, while greatly appreciated, wasn't necessary John" he whispered, unwilling to shatter the moment by speaking any louder, or letting his deep voice travel any further than his partners ears, "
"Wait three more days, and I'll tell you ... I'll do better, I'll show you, but it's a surprise Sherlock..." He released the detective's hands and they immediately found their way under his jumper and John pressed his forehead to Sherlock's as the taller man sighed.
, Sherlock!" The doctor promptly turned his back to the taller man, slid himself between Sherlock and the barricade and tugged the other mans arms around him, drawing warmth from the large coat his lover wore, and pointedly ignoring the shocked silence behind him, as he relaxed against the consulting detective's shoulder with a smile, and watched the floats drifting past them.
The doctor's eyes surveyed the room for possible hiding places that weren't exactly obvious. You had to be a genius to hide anything that wasn't regulation in the army, and John
There was laughter in his answer but Sherlock was beyond caring, he was intrigued by this new game and sat, elegantly folding in on himself and feeling John slide down to sink in behind him, chest pressed to the detectives back.
John, however, had a plan. He'd also already had a sneaking suspicious about the answer to his question.
They'd just left Scotland Yard and John was already freezing. December 21st and there was once again a fresh layer of snow on the ground. Sherlock was, as usual striding ahead, but with the treacherous ice on all the pavements John was, for once, struggling to keep up.
A small envelope landed on the desk by the small packet from the doctor's hand, and all Dimmock could do was stare in surprise.
He could just imagine dragging Sherlock along to see some kind of performance that involved pipes. He
He could feel Sherlock's eyes on him, before they flicked to Mycroft who was purposefully staring at the cane in his hand. It took moments for the consulting detective to bend his mind to the problem, and Ariadne winked at John while her younger son was distracted.
"I've know you were interested since that night at Angelo's, John... but I had to know why.. was it me, my body, my mind, gratitude for helping you... or were you simply interested... in ...just-"
He laughed softly under his breath, forgetting for a moment that Donovan was even there. "You need to get out Dr Watson, out of that flat; I think you're loosing it".
Harry went home in a taxi, and Sherlock could honestly say he'd never been more grateful to see someone leave. He'd take Mycroft over that woman any day, but he spoke not a word to John.
"You're hopeless Sherlock, if you'd merely been paying attention you'd have more than likely worked it out by now" John laughed, his face flushed from Sherlock's ministrations, and a small bruise starting to stain his neck, causing the detective to smirk satisfied.
"What..." Sherlock stopped, and John opened his eyes, that secret smile dancing in his eyes again, prodding Sherlock into continuing.
"No questions, remember?" John told him, even as he grinned, hands in pockets waiting on the detectives cooperation. Sherlock sat up and set aside his book with a sigh that hid his intrigue, and as soon as his vision was plunged into darkness he heard John dart around the flat. The Doctors light steps on the stairs, heavier on the way back down; so, carrying something. The rustle of coats in the hall confirm that they're going somewhere, which supports the theory that John has been watching for some kind of vehicle, probably a pre-booked taxi, hopefully not one of Mycroft's cars
He could feel Sherlock's eyes on him, filled with curiosity, but whereas he'd berated Anderson for showing interest here, the consulting detective trusted that John had something more than an interest in checking through the obvious draws and jewellery boxes on the dressing table's top.
DI Dimmock was tired, but he forced himself to keep writing; if he finished the report he was doing, he'd promised himself he'd leave the rest till after the holiday's, so when he glanced up from his desk, looking for coffee and finding Sherlock Holmes and his ever constant companion, John Watson striding towards him, to say that he was irritated was an understatement.
"Dear gods, Sherlock" John gasped, he was already half hard again at the sight of his lover like this, and sliding to the floor John wasted no time replacing his hand with his mouth, tongue swirling over the head and making Sherlock gasp, his head thrown back in abandon and long fingers clenched firmly in John's hair, drawing a moan.
Sherlock had always seen eating as an unwelcome necessity that slowed him down at the most inconvenient times, which was why he stopped eating whenever a case came along. When he had to eat, restaurants provided sufficient sustenance, and were usually free to him, but eating in restaurants every time quickly became repetitive and dull.
"We will be" Sherlock's deep voice cut into the tension of the room, and Mr. Peterson's eyes flickered to him with a frown before he huffed
Yes, he'd protect that man to the ends of the earth; the only person allowed to kill Sherlock Holmes was him.
Clothes were pulled from them both with slim dexterous fingers that John had no hope of following. As much as he hated letting Sherlock get on with it, with no input from himself, and as much as he hated not reciprocating the teasing touches on his lovers body, Sherlock wasn't leaving John much choice as he made the doctors body sing.
It took minutes, light brushing of John's prostate to have the doctor coming over both of them, pulling Sherlock into oblivion with him and neither heard themselves shouting through the bliss cloaking their minds.
John suddenly withdrew almost fully, and snapped his hips forward without warning, dragging a growl from Sherlock as his teeth clenched in pleasure, staining his lips with cherry juice, that John proceeded to suck away, even as his hips snapped forward again, and his hand began working it's way along Sherlock's length; with the cherry gone, Sherlock's volume increased until John received the final ingredient for his ice-cream sundae.
"And if she'd aimed for your head!" John spun still furious eyes on Sherlock, and surprisingly the detective fell silent. It took a few long moments of that dark chasm of unnatural silence extending between them, but quite suddenly John wilted and finally seemed to
"-And don't you think I won't be informing Doctor Watson of the damage you've done to his room since he went out"
They headed down the stairs, Sherlock with a bounce in his step again, and out onto the cold winter streets
When Mrs Hudson opened her front door to be faced with two shivering tenants, she immediately asked if the heating was broken in their flat.
John chuckled and nodded "Yes, although when I explained all this to Mr Peterson, the only thing he heard was that I'd not helped Charles, I'd seen the damage done and moved on... Dan gets me the shooting here for saving his life, and I make sure not to use it very often"
John hadn't put the cups down yet, and now he didn't dare as he felt his face darken into an expression he hadn't worn since returning to England "You what?"
It took less than five minutes once they'd left Angelo's and got into a taxi, for Sherlock to realise that they weren't going home, but no matter how much he badgered, and wheedled John, the ex-service man wouldn't crack.
John threw a punch, but Sherlock was expecting it, and spun them round, slamming his lover into the kitchen cabinets, and slamming his lips to John's, determined to make John see just how ridiculous he was being. Teeth were used, and they both tasted blood, and suddenly there was desperation threaded through their motions.
John's fingers were tight on Sherlock's hips as though he might push the man onto the floor, but Sherlock's fingers were just as tight, one gripping the left shoulder, the other gripped a handful of hair, angling John's head and kissing roughly.
" dragged an interesting shudder from the smaller man that Sherlock filed away to explore at a later date.
"People like the sunlight, Sherlock... It reminds them of picnics on Sunday mornings maybe, or happy childhood moments, apple picking or camping trips"
"Here you are sir, you'll need to enter on the first floor, that's up the escalators on your left, and the show starts in twenty minutes."
The detective rolled his eyes and she prepared to scold him when she realised that her two tenants had gotten her Christmas presents.
The woman's eyes flicked over their entwined hands, and it was so natural Sherlock couldn't have said when their fingers linked together, but when she raised her eyes to his face, he couldn't quite managed to cover the smirk.
Normally it wouldn't bother him, but some days, he just didn't have the patience to deal with both Sherlock and the ignorance of Lestrades' team. Even people outside of Greg's department had begun staring and whispering just lately.
"Fine then, three a piece... Most are lucky if they leave with one, so there's no danger you'll both hit three"
Tea made, and book prepared the Doctor let his amusement simmer and lost himself in a fantasy world.
She nearly threw them across the room, but refrained when she realised she'd have to clean to goop up, and had to satisfy herself with simply dumping them in the bin and hoping her dustmen wouldn't ask too many questions.
When he grazed his teeth over Sherlock's throat, where neck becomes shoulder, and pulled it into his mouth slowly, Sherlock gasped, and writhed lightly, but John held him still, gently, firmly, leaving the detective to gaze out at the sunlight and anticipate his next movements.
So when Harry tore the paper from a large case of wine bottles, Sherlock didn't think John was going to give him a chance to explain from the black look he was receiving from his lover.
The man cut himself off sharply and John raised an eyebrow. He knew Sherlock had been about to protest that he wasn't tired, and reveal his childish behaviour of the past couple of weeks, and watching him flounder for something to recover with was simply irritating.
If he spoke he's stutter, he just knew it, and he nearly dropped the papers at the magnitude of this gift. What John had done to convince the man? Give him a temporary concussion maybe, forged his signature, also possible...
Sherlock needn't have bothered, John was ahead of him, a second finger pushing past the body's barriers and leaving both men gasping in anticipation. John pressed against his lovers' sweet spot a couple more times as he prepared the man, and y the time the doctor was satisfied, Sherlock was squirming onto he sofa.
"Tipsy, Sherlock! John made a wonderful Christmas drink but you took quite a while coming home dear..."
"Yeah about that" John chuckled and shrugged "You're with me, and Dan was part of my squad, that's the army thing Sherlock, not general acceptance but general trust in each others judgements in a person or a situation... there's no time for debate out in the field..."
"Somewhere you can shoot things, useful things" John threw Sherlock's coat at him, and tugged his own on before throwing the taller mans scarf and gloves at him as well. Sherlock was still sulking, but John had caught the sudden shine to his eyes; he didn't know where they were going or what was going to happen, and the unknown had intrigued him.
It took John a moment, but eventually he quirked and eyebrow and stared at Sherlock again "I believe it's generally called scrambled egg"
"Merry Bloody Christmas, Sherlock, you bastard" Anderson whispered, as his wife fell asleep upstairs, and he resigned himself to backache from the sofa for the rest of the Christmas holidays.
Sherlock felt a firm hand at the back of his neck and almost jumped when John knelt beside him and pressed his face against Sherlock's, nuzzling the detective's cheekbone softly and without the shy blush that was beginning to stain Sherlock's cheeks.
John nodded, and rested his head against Sherlock's shoulder in a brief but warm embrace. He felt safe stood in the freezing Kent weather, wrapped in his lovers arms and Sherlock sighed into the doctor's hair before they both released the other and made their way slowly back to the farm house, merely enjoying each others company
"And as for you, the next time you text me for something like this, I swear to god I'll throw every experiment you own in bin, and disinfect the kitchen!".
With a sigh, the doctor merely shook his head, grinning, as he traded his coffee for one of the tickets. The grin turned into a full blown beaming smile at the glow Sherlock's eyes suddenly obtain and he relaxed knowing he'd made the right choice for the evening.
The first press of a finger was surprising, and like always the detective tensed, but John was already there, in him, stretching, flexing and then he brushed Sherlock's prostate and long fingers dug into the sofa with a soft whimper.
That was until he opened it and began reading, and then he nearly dropped the blasted thing in shock.
The man wasn't tired, there was no sigh of weariness in his face, but if Sherlock wanted to play this game, fine, John would play. He would win too.
Sometimes John went missing for a couple of hours in the middle of the day if they didn't have work to do for Lestrade, and returned in the same state. He always took a shower, which was helpful because the smell of sweat really wasn't something that Sherlock found appealing, but the consulting detective was drawing a blank when he tried to work out where John was going.
Sherlock's gaze swept over John's new clothes and his sharp eyes narrowed at the leather trousers John had gotten from Harry for his birthday nearly half a year earlier, and the dark blue button shirt that matched his eyes. John was beginning to feel uncomfortable under his lovers intense stare as the detective eyed up the long military style coat had managed to pick up cheaply.
"Is this some kind of joke?" he heard his wife but couldn't make himself answer. Sherlock hadn't. Sherlock wouldn't. John wouldn't let him... But Sherlock had. Sherlock bloody Holmes had sent him a home test STD kit.
It took less time than Anderson would have liked to pull the box open and the silence that fell over the Anderson kitchen was chilling.
"Yeah, weird bloke too, had an umbrella, although he needed it with his problems, and some snotty assistant who wouldn't speak a word, or offer a hard workin' bloke a coffee!"
"You send me off to find, useless pieces of paper, but you were already all over her by the time I got to the cab!"
The bickering had started. The problem was, Sherlock's theory was correct. Everyone here knew that, whether they wanted to admit it or not.
It was a bad joke, they didn't get on, it wasn't true, and it took till the early hours of Christmas morning before Mrs Anderson unlocked the front door and let her husband back inside again, but the doubt had been planted, and she would watch.
Hot breath ghosted over John, and the man shivered as his lover grasped his hips, long fingers moving over his skin and finally dragging a long suffering groan from the doctor as certain parts of his body jumped in suppressed excitement, drawing a dark chuckle from his lover, and another gust of warm air over his now weeping head.
John almost jumped when the detective's cold nose was pressed into his neck with a soft sigh of "ridiculous."
"The wall is going to be added on to your rent, that's what the wall is Sherlock! There's only so many times my heart can take this!"
"I'm safe now Sherlock, we both are, together... always together" It was a breath as he fell asleep, but even in his dreams, Sherlock heard.
John had survived Mycroft's party. He'd survived the dancing, and the meeting with Mrs Ariadne Holmes. His suit had even survived the almost vicious attack it had received from Sherlock the moment they'd walked through the doors that night, and now, sitting in his office at the local surgery John was worrying about the next line of Sherlock's Christmas present.
The doctor caught the light shiver, and wondered if it was the temperature of the room or the command he'd been. He was tempted to find out as that lithe form climbing between the covers made his jeans rather uncomfortable, but now wasn't the time.
The consulting detective opened and closed his mouth a couple of times, but no other sound escaped him, and John's heavy, unsteady breathing was the only thing either of them could hear.
"Hold still, Sherlock!" John murmured, concentrating on administering everything correctly. The detective groaned, but couldn't speak and risk crushing the cherry he was holding between his teeth. John knew him too well and had bound his hands to the bed with the belt from his silk dressing gown.
Sherlock grumbled and she laughed "Honestly, Sherlock, sometimes I do wonder if you can read minds with that brain of yours..."
"I don't see how they could miss it, people really are unobservant, John" Sherlock whispered, and pulled the doctor closer as they both shivered, the white puffs of their breath mingling in the air between them as the final float, one holding a huge merry Father Christmas, rolled by.
They weren't serial murders after all, the consulting detective had explained in a tone that suggested it should have been obvious, they were serial executions.
"So, where are me going?" he asked softly as Johns gentle grip on his wrists tugged him to his feet and the detective hoped he'd managed to smother his small smile at the exasperated laughter he'd drawn from John
Sliding the lid off slowly, his was truly shocked to see an exquisitely cut suit lying in swathes of tissues paper. He recognised the work of the Holmes family tailor, so Mycroft knew it would fit, but he rarely purchased himself suits for work in a material of this quality. He could afford them, certainly, but that often took the pleasure away from wearing them. Wearing
John looked embarrassed and Sherlock sighed, intriguing the old woman enough to stay silent for once and simply listen.
Dimmock flipped the card over the find only a short sentence in the doctor's hand writing, "Just in case you ever need his help."
Snapping him out of his thoughts, Sarah suddenly popped her head round his door and smiled apologetically.
Sherlock had been speaking, complaining more like, about the incompetence of the police force in general, and the faults of Anderson and Donovan in particular, when John suddenly pushed himself off the closed front door without and word and moved across the room, eyeing the dressing table with narrowed eyes, and the look of someone who was dissecting a particularly dangerous explosive.
At the moment though, the consulting detective was more interested in the gasps coming from the mouth beneath his as their tongues tangled in a dance, short sharp nips and rough lapping kept the doctor compliant under Sherlocks' control and a softly growled "
"They're an old symbol for love, because turtle doves mate for life, and since that's what Christmas is really supposed to be about... love, friendship, companionship, trust... you know, not all the shopping, and the food, and the waste..."
Sherlock's insecurities were well hidden and deeply buried, but sometimes they dug their way out. When John backed out of dancing at Mycroft's dinner party with the excuse that he couldn't dance, he'd given Sherlock's insecurities a ladder to help them escape with.
"I finished my shift at the surgery early, got bored... unlike some people, I cook instead of shoot bullets at the wall Sherlock" the doctor teased with a grin and took another sip of his drink
Dan fell silent, and Sherlock noticed John tensing again, so he did what he did best when faced with anyone John knew and he didn't. In an attempt not to embarrass his partner, he simply scowled.
It was the small sniggers they thought he couldn't hear every time, John's hand brushed against his, and the disbelieving mutters every time John made him smile. They were treating the new level of the relationship between the two men like the Doctor was keeping a mental patient happy, and pitying him in the process.
At that moment in time, he couldn't think of anything more perfect than simply falling asleep in the arms of Sherlock Holmes, the one man to steal his heart from his chest and keep it beating.
The detective blinked at Johns shocked exclamation as the assistant removed the current selection and scurried away to pick out some more for his customer's perusal.
He turned his head to meet Sherlock's eyes over his shoulder when he felt the man relax against him again.
A sudden longing for the tall lanky detective washed over him, and John could almost hear the deep rumble of his flatmate echo round the lift, "
Things went back to relative normality, and life continued at 221B, except John began to notice that Sherlock seemed to have taken his rebuff literally, and barely made contact anymore.
"Thanks John," Sarah came into the room, and shut the door behind her "He's got some kind of chemical burn, and since you've lived with Sherlock for quite a while now..."
"What-" Sherlock paused to cough, wincing as the bruised muscles in his chest pulled tight, "What happened?" and just like that, John's fury returned like a forest fire, burning away his relief and happiness and affection at the bemusement on his flatmate's angular features
A man in a black suit, calling himself a private courier delivered two small jar shaped packages to the one bedroom flat of Sally Donovan on Christmas Eve.
Sherlock only observed that John had managed to pull his shirt form his trousers when he felt the tips of the mans fingers brushing a line up his chest as he unbuttoned the fabric, and Sherlock groaned at the sparks Johns fingers left dancing over his skin, biting the doctor's neck firmly and drawing a sharp hiss and a sigh form the man beneath him.
John sighed and sank into his chair. He didn't really mind going, but he'd not met Mrs Holmes before, and that did make him a bit nervous. But honestly, how bad could a Christmas dinner party be?
On Wednesday the fifteenth of December, John could have kissed Lestrade when he text Sherlock, no case but he wanted the consulting detective in to confirm some details in the Osman case.
The cab journey had been taken in silence, the only sound being the obnoxious lyrics streaming out of the cracking reception of the drivers radio. John was furious, and Sherlock's complex mind hadn't yet quite comprehended the events of the evening...
"Want to be like swans, Sarah?" John barely smothered a laugh as he half watched the boy's fumbling hands but his laugh would have been better than what happened next
"There's not enough data... You could have chosen something you believe I will enjoy, or a preference of yours, this is a busy part of London John..."
John had just left to pick up Harry for Christmas day, honestly believing that they'd either be sitting down to microwave dinners, or some of Mrs Hudson's meal when he got back since he wouldn't have time to cook himself when he was picking up his sister.
Soft lips brushed his own, and warm air ghosted over his face. He was surprised, he'd not heard Sherlock move, but when his hands were untied, there was no hesitation in standing, instinctively finding the mans hips and guiding him back onto the soft bed John had just vacated.
Four women. Murdered. Sniper rifle. They'd been shot while on the phone, and the checking of their phone records after the event suggested they'd been on the phone for a long time. Police were stumped, and had no leads as the bullets had shattered on impact, giving them precisely nothing. They hadn't even been able to find a link between the women.
The location had obviously been something else prearranged, and Sherlock was beginning to wonder how John had managed to pull this off without him noticing anything. He suddenly realised the taxi was silent, and turned his head to where he knew the Doctor would be sitting
Page three had a picture of John, Mrs Hudson, and Sherlock sitting in the living room of 221b, laughing happily, and clearly drunk. Page four, a photograph of John's blog post on the case he'd found for Sherlock. Page five, a snapshot of Lestrade holding up the evidence of five wedding bands they'd needed.
Silence reigned for a heartbeat as the taller man listened for his partner's movements. His breath caught and hope spread delicate wings when John took a step towards the sofa. This was right, this was normal; John would demand to know what he was sulking about now...
Well, to put it simply, Sherlock's constant shifting wasn't making it easy for John to keep his unhealthy interest in the man hidden from notice. If fact, the shifting and soft brush of skin along his body, was making certain parts of him determined to alert the detective as to just
John glanced at his untouched lunch, and decided he wasn't going to get to eat it worrying about Christmas presents anyway, so sent a smile at Sarah and pressed the lid back over his cold pasta.
Something about John was different. It had always been different, from the moment he'd walked into the lab at Bart's. From the moment he'd listened to Sherlock's deductions with amazement, how he'd asked about the method behind the madness. How he'd not corrected Sherlock on his mistake until the consulting detective had asked him.
"You could have gone back home hours ago, or you could have slept on the floor... Sherlock, you could have just
The gift was more thoughtful than he would have expected, even if it did contain Sherlock's personal brand of humour. Dimmock frowned at the objects before shaking his head. Just when he'd thought he'd gotten those two figured out, they threw a curve ball like this.
Slow rhythm was lost, and their movements became erratic and their cries harsher, their groans louder, Sherlock was writhing, and John smothered a trembling yell with a firm bite into his lovers collarbone as his vision flooded with pleasure, his hands shifting unconsciously stroking over Sherlock once, twice and the man gasped out his released, the tightening around John drawing another groan from the doctor before both men finally relaxed, collapsing together, their sweat coated bodies sticking slightly.
He stood for a few moments with his hands tucked into the high pockets on his warm bomber jacket while he stared at the dressing table, eyes still narrowed and flickering. He wondered if it was too simple, too easy, and not slightly creepy, that this serial killer had the same hiding place as his childhood self.
John couldn't see him. Someone, most likely Sherlock, had put a blindfolded him, but knowing Sherlock was in the room suppressed Johns need to remove it and he could feel himself relaxing slowly.
Checking to see if Sherlock had been alive, those same hands had been steady as a rock, but now they were trembling, and the consulting detective, for once, was speechless.
"I am not more important than you!" Sherlock all but snarled, his body tensing and silencing the Doctor, "Don't you see, John? I don't know how to do... this... without you any more"
"Well, I got you both the same thing, so you might as well open at once" Harry announced brightly, her voice still grating on Sherlock's nerves and threw a small lumpy present at them both, waving her hands to get them to unwrap swiftly.
The doctor swallowed and sighed "You'd better go and get a quick shower, and changed, I'll finish up here."
The detective's deep eyes were serious, and that he'd actually approved of the stage lovers sacrifice spoke volumes to John and he found has chest tight and his voice, for the most part, un-cooperative so it took him a long moment before he smiled softly and whispered a hoarse "Merry Christmas".
"Hmm" Sherlock hummed, smiling a shy, tender movement of his lips that was new and endearing and it made John melt inside, just a little. "Still... I had to know."
He made it home in one piece, despite the good three inches of snow that had fallen over most of the United Kingdom for the last few days, and made his way slowly upstairs only to find Sherlock missing. It took a few moments while he dragged his coat off and hung it up to hear the shower running, and John grinned to himself.
"It's better than the living room wall, Sherlock" John muttered as they parked, and a tall muscular man erupted through the farm's main entrance heading for the car swiftly as the doctor and detective got out.
"So I complained the to client that the work's had been tampered with, he offered to pay me double but I insisted he find another company, money's no good after all, if I'm too dead to spend it"
He'd somehow failed to notice what John had been up to until sure strong hands unzipped Sherlock's trousers, and the cold night air crept around them, another deep kiss, and Sherlock's long fingers hitched Johns leg round his hip, pulling him free of the trousers bunched around his ankles was all it took for conversation to cease.
John frowned at her "You don't know anything Sally, you just think you do" he shook his head, "grow up".
So John Watson must be a much better influence than he'd given the ex-service man credit for. There was a sealed envelope taped to the top of the box, and Mycroft ordered his people to leave the room as he carefully sliced through the paper with an ornate silver letter opener.
Sherlock flushed once at the compliment, and once again before ducking his head at his lover's reference to his three day stint of violin playing. He finished tying his scarf round his neck and moved to stand in front of the seated half-sleeping John and gently replacing the tea mug with a soft kiss
They fell into silence again, as both men scoured their memory of the arrest and the crime scene, but john was distracted by a teenage couple sitting right on the bank of the river, playfully dropping things in the water and watching the ripples.
"You're perfectly wonderful" Sherlock told him as they tried to regain their breath and John blushed.
"You would have taken that bullet, John, I know you would have, and I couldn't let you, couldn't let you risk your life for mine..."
A full meal, a show that had genuinely moved the sociopathic detective, and intense, even for them, kisses in a darkened booth, meant that John wasn't entirely surprised when Sherlock began dozing lightly.
"If you have a problem with the consultants your superior officer is bringing in, why don't you raise the issue with him instead of behaving like a child in a school playground, act the man you're supposed to be for Christ sakes Anderson! And you," he added, whirling back to Lestrade, "Couldn't this have been discussed over the phone? What in the seven hells possessed you to drag me out at this time in the morning when I'm certain you were aware I was on a night shift last night!".
"You genius, John... These are old, the cold cases? He won't let me in there, probably worried I'd embarrass him... hmm..."
John looked guilty for a split second before he saw the amusement and irritation chase themselves across Sherlock's features "well … you've never even tried them"
What John didn't expect was for Sherlock to sit in silence as the curtain fell over the shadows of two swans lit against the stage moon, before nodding and merely murmuring a soft, "fitting," his voice not coming close to piercing over the thunderous applause the ballet had procured.
Something Sherlock still wasn't good at though was reading John's intentions behind his actions. In that brief stiffening, John knew that Sherlock though he'd said he couldn't dance, so that he wouldn't have to dance, and a plan began unwinding through his thoughts even as the taller man shrugged.
John grinned she shook his head "Christmas dinner is always later Sherlock" he ran his eyes over his partner's frazzled form, and the man in question felt their heat burn right through to his skin, his face flushing as he turned to stare at John.
John frowned as his eyes scanned the room once more, his thoughts whirling and he thought, for a moment, that he might know what it felt like to be Sherlock, as the man himself threw his arms in the air and stalked towards his partner, slumping against the door next to the distracted doctor.
Their conversation was stilled by another tender kiss, and both men's breathing picked up as slowly as their touches. Eventually, John pulled back enough to speak, and found himself pressed against wall with no knowledge of getting there
There was a tag tied round the neck of the jar of half melted eyeballs, and she pulled it out of the remaining wrapping paper to read it.
John does, he knows very well. He also knows that Sherlock's never tried egg in his life. He also realises that the reason Sherlock has scrambled egg on his plate is because he's given the consulting detective his plate.
"To clean the house, yes, yes, yes, anything else, anything new, anything you noticed yourself, something that might trigger something I missed, come on John! The motive! It has to be there, in his actions!"
Page two, had a picture of their Christmas tree, the same one that sat innocently in the corner of the room, with a second photograph of the two turtle dove ornaments hanging from it. Sherlock remembered that day, and exactly how John had gotten him to agree to keep the tree.
The slow build of pressure was almost painful, and John bit his lip, determined to keep the slow dragging speed that was driving them both mad. Sherlock's hands were fisted in the sofa, his head throw back as he finally begged John to fuck him, just fuck him hard.
"It wouldn't have been a great leap to deduce who had booked under Holmes, Mycroft doesn't eat here."
John stood by the door as he watched the chaos ensue. Sherlock had solved a new case, or he would have if any of the Scotland Yard team could find a single piece of evidence confirming the consulting detective's theory.
The bloody genius actually looked surprised as John stood from the chair, struggling not to throw his now mostly empty teacup onto the coffee table, and standing while he shook the sticky liquid from his hand.
"First, Sherlock, I need to hire a car" John added, tugging his coat close, and checking again to make sure that his partner had left the browning indoors "and you're going to pay for it"
"How dare he!" Sherlock hissed, practically quivering as his fury filled the room and John folded his paper standing slowly as though approaching a wild animal.
"Sherlock" John hissed, struggling painfully to remain silent as he coated the man above him in his release, the detectives name, drawled softly in pleasure was enough to shatter Sherlock's control without a hand being laid on him, and he followed John with a shocked gasped, and shudders that he knew John had to have felt, straddling his legs as he was.
The consulting detective hung up John's mobile and threw it on the chair as John watched the small object bounce off the union flag cushion.
"Please, Doctor Watson, call me Ariadne" she smiled softly, and John got the distinct impression he'd just passed some sort of test. This was confirmed when Sherlock relaxed behind his mother, and moved to stand next to John, linking their fingers together.
It was a rare event that Sherlock wasn't peppering him with questions, so John made the most of the surprise Sherlock was letting him give and sent him to grab two coffees while he went to get their tickets.
It took less time that Sherlock had expected before he began to loose control of the situation; As soon at Johns hands started drifting up under the loose shirt the detective had been sleeping in, he forced himself to nip his way from Johns mouth along the man's jaw and mark the Doctor's neck with a firm bite, even as he pulled back and returned his attention to the man's heavy, neglected cock between them.
Silence fell as John pushed the door to the flat open with the toe of his boot, to find them both standing in the living room, barely a foot apart and almost yelling at each other. An extremely long day.
Mrs Hudson began tearing up and Sherlock had a distinct look of panic about him, so John coughed softly, drawing Mrs Hudson's attentions to him, "and I know how you keep worrying about the health factor of Sherlock keeping body parts up there, so I'm getting a new fridge for the flat, our resident scientist can keep body parts in the old one, and you can stop worrying about what you're going to find next..."
"Eleven drummers... well they'd be fine if the other instruments there were balance, but there's too few of everything else, the drums are drowning out whatever tune they're attempting to regale everyone with..."
John sighed and the tone made the Detective pause and frown as John pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation
Their landlady brought in a glass full of John's eggnog for each of them not very big glasses, and it was clear they're been sipping away at the stuff for a while now. Sherlock sniffed at the glass delicately and raised an eyebrow at John
The three men stood silent and Lestrade gaped at them, his eyes flickering between Sherlock's stormy gaze and John's utterly pleased one.
Nearly an hour later, when the front door opened and John returned with a high pitched voice the consulting detective knew he was going to hate by the end of the day, the kitchen was filled with steam (better than smoke) and Sherlock looked a mess, (which was better than covered in food).
It takes an innocent conversation with Mrs Hudson in the afternoon to solve John's dilemma for the third line of his poem. After all, he wasn't going to buy Sherlock three French hens, so the next best thing was eggs. Which the detective wouldn't eat.
John let a small smile slip over his face as he tied the second bird to the tree "more festive than anything else in the room Sherlock.
Only silence disturbed the darkness, and for one blessed moment John thought Sherlock had stopped arguing, but then he heard a familiar irritated huff, and felt those long legs pressed against him start to shift once again.
This was another test, and from Sherlock's suddenly tense form, he didn't think they would get out of this one, but John smiled softly, and squeezed Sherlock's hand to shut the mans mouth.
He shifted, wincing, and felt his lips part to speak, not 100% sure what he wanted to say, when John growled at him from the other side of the cab. The Doctor's eyes were closed and his face was turned to face the opposite window, but somehow he knew exactly what Sherlock was about to do.
Sherlock's hips were rocking in time with John's hand, and his mind was beginning to become a blur of sensations. He struggled against it, knowing that the words coming from the man behind him were important, but there's only so much even a consulting genius can take and eventually he gave himself over to the Doctor's skilled hands, and mouth and merely mewled as the pleasure and pressure on Johns hand spiked simultaneously.
"Ready?" Sherlock whispered his lips pressed to a soft mouth, his body pulled against the strong man that made him happy, and John smiled.
"Sherlock! You look exhausted dear! Come in and sit down, I'll get you a drink … just this once, mind, I'm your landlady, not your housekeeper!"
"It wasn't actually a suggestion" John corrected, his voice soft, but the sharp tone immediately had Sherlock's eyes and attention fixed on him. It wasn't often John brought out the drill sergeant tone, but when he did it always seemed to grab his partner's entire focus.
Johns hand snaked upwards, and gripped hold of a bracket still attached to the beam, and used it to hoist himself up, wrapping his legs around Sherlock's hips, and freeing Sherlock's hands to caress skin, licking and nipping until John was writhing and completely focussed on the mouth tormenting his chest.
They lay, silent, Sherlock's legs cradling John, and the doctors' fingers trailing patterns across his lovers chest.
There was every float imaginable, beautiful Christmas scenes, some amusing tableau's, some of them had singers, that made Sherlock shudder and John laugh at his partners reactions, and there were even one or two floats depicting traditional scenes of Yuletide celebrations.
He closed the book with shaking hands and reverently placed it on the coffee table before turning on John, hands to his lovers' face he pulled him into a kiss to rival the photograph on page twelve, and ravished the doctor till they were both gasping for air, and Sherlock was practically lying on top of the man.
They sat in silence, keeping each other warm, until eventually John shifted his head from where it had been perched on Sherlock's shoulder and unwound his arms from the other man's slim waist to pull the blindfold gently away and revealing the view to those steel grey eyes.
Today however, as he walked through the door with the weeks shopping, he had the added help in making this deduction of Mrs Hudson's dulcet tones as she scolded Sherlock.
"What do you think you're doing?" he'd snapped, probably harsher than he'd intended, but Sherlock ignored him, and John took note of the smirk on his face, and a cold feeling settled in his stomach.
"It might surprise you to know, but with my eyesight gone my sense of direction is practically non-existent, my best chance of deducing our location is to listen for distinctive sounds or snippets of peoples boringly mundane conversations"
There was practically nothing a hospital could do for the severe bruising caused by the impact of the bullet, so once they'd gotten seated in the taxi, John gave the address for Baker Street and that's where they were going now. John still furious, with his heavy glare focussed out of the car window and Sherlock desperately trying to make sense of where everything went wrong, and what he could bribe Mycroft with to help get John out of suspicion with the Met. His brain was also considering, how it could have simultaneously gone so very right. John's strong hands round his waist, and the gentle surety they showed in helping his battered body get into the Taxi... well, the thought still had the ability to quicken his breathing, and Sherlock shivered in part apprehension and part cold as the chill air in the taxi, leaked through the rips in his shirt.
It was the night of Mycroft's dinner party, and he was going to be introduced to Mrs Holmes as Sherlock's partner. He hadn't dared to ask Sherlock how many people were going to be there, especially not after his show of possessive dominance a few days previous.
"This looks like a sodium burn, I'm going to have to brush your skin to make sure there's no residue left. You were explaining how you got this burn?"
John didn't see Sherlock's eyes close against tears that he hadn't expected, or the sudden throb of pain in his chest, that could have come from the bruise, but probably didn't. John was already upstairs by the time Sherlock moved slowly into the kitchen, tentatively picking up the tea and wincing as it pulled painfully as his injuries, and John was tucked up securely in bed by the time Sherlock had painfully peeled off his clothes, dropping them in a trail as he headed towards the bathroom and ran a hot shower, letting the water scald his skin as punishment for hurting John.
"So I've outwitted the great Sherlock Holmes?" John asked, his eyebrows rising in surprise, even as Sherlock pouted, a sulk building.
The sound of flies unzipping ripped through the air and had John gasping, and his dark blue eyes snapping open (when had they shut?) to stare at the enthralled detective before him.
John nibbled teasingly at the lobe of Sherlock's ear and the detective wrapped long fingers around the calves of Johns legs.
She studied the still shivering men for a moment, beaming at them brightly "I really can't thank you enough, such thoughtful gifts... but I'll start with some hot eggnog, come in, come in, it's freshly made."
Sherlock sighed, and slid John's boxers down, once again halting his questions, "You're getting better at deducing situations, you know John" he purred, lowering his voice, and hiding the small smile even as he watch the fine tremors his words drew from the Doctor. John was hanging on his every word, desperately trying to make sense of this turn of events, and Sherlock would help him to understand.
"There's too many people, John, and it's only 9.30 in the morning... these frankly ludicrous crowds are only going to get worse."
The consulting detective stood in the middle of the living room as though he didn't quite know where he was, the painful colouring on his chest looked like a small child had been set loose with a pot of paints, and the ripped, ragged mess John had made of Sherlock's silk shirt was
The paused only briefly to shed the rest of their clothing, and then they were meeting again, falling back into the familiar positions on the sofa, and writhing at the heat from skin on skin contact. Sherlock slide his was down John's chest, his tongue flicking over nipples, and teeth nipping at ribs, and the detective spotted the trembling in his lovers body.
"I've got a, uh, another gift for you Sherlock... one I didn't want to give you while Harry was still here" the doctor said softly, drawing Sherlock's gaze from the view at the bottom of his new microscope, and onto John's face.
Sherlock suppressed the shiver that the warm words against his ear elicited and stumbled over his response
John smothered a smile and hid his head in the fridge as Sherlock scowled, then glared at John, but he moved fluidly to select one of the ripe fruits and bite into it.
"Because he was unfortunate enough to be one of a group of companies Mycroft hired to fix his water pipes after his dinner party the other night."
Sherlock almost looked like an abandoned puppy, and for a moment John felt guilty, but he was falling asleep where he was sitting
John merely sighed and stood slowly, glancing at the teenagers and murmuring a soft "sorry". The girl was sobbing and throwing her coat on, and John thought it was probably lucky Sherlock had stopped talking and left when he did, or the young lad might have ended up getting hurt.
Sherlock honestly didn't know why he was surprised that his doctor had remembered, but he opened his mouth to thank the man when joining the thousands of diamond glints above the two men came showers of golds, greens and reds with an almighty bang that had the consulting detective gaping in surprise.
Taking in the man before him, he concurred that he wasn't far off the mark, although to a passer-by John seemed perfectly normal Lestrade knew that compared to normal John looked a positive mess.
He glanced at the clock, half hidden by the skull, as he removed his coat and smiled. That gave Sherlock less than three hours to get home, and look like he'd never moved form the sofa. At a guess, he'd be back in half that time so John put the kettle on and went and found a book while he waited for it to boil.
He shifted round in the bed till he was straddling John's legs, and was tugged down into a harsh kiss without warning, that drew a surprised gasp from his own cupid bow lips. John tugged at his hair gently, and nipped at his lips till he could gain entrance, twining their tongues together within moments. Sherlock's brain almost abandoned him, and he let himself relax into the security of John's kiss, begin to surrender to the strong control John was keeping bottled just behind the civilian façade.
He noticed the exact moment realisation flooded John's face, and he took a step to the side out of Sarah's grasp, and another step towards Sherlock before the tall detective reached him.
"That's fine, I don't dance at Mycroft's meals anyway, it won't surprise anyone if I decline to again this year."
He grinned, and watched John relax out of the corner of his eye. Once again the words of the poem were penned in John's own hand, and Sherlock found he absolutely adored the personal touch.
"That's it! John! Mrs Osman was in a relationship with another woman! He was ashamed of her! That's it, that's the motive! Oh how did I miss it!"
It had seemed relatively straight forward, Sherlock had flown though his deductions, almost faster than his usual babble of information, not even wasting breath to berate Donovan and Anderson, but Lestrade asked him for a motive, and it had stopped the genius in his tracks.
He checked his sudden grin, and glanced at Sherlock again before sighing. He needn't have worried, the taller man was so deep in thought, John could have walked them into the pond and he wouldn't notice.
John had dropped the topic at the time, had not questioned Sherlock further, but the detective was just beginning to realise that this puzzle of a flatmate had taken more notice of that brief exchange than he'd realised.
Sherlock scowled at the interruption, but responded with a sharp "yes" before his flatmate threw something small and black at him that he snatched from the air instinctively
John simply shrugged, and they headed after Dan who'd already started leading the way towards the house, babbling something along the lines of introducing them to 'dad'
The look of pure shock on John's face had Sherlock laughing again and he pushed off from the wall he'd been leaning against to head into the kitchen, "Honestly John, where did you think I got all my eccentricities from?"
"I'm bored, not hungry, and I don't find that eating alleviates the boredom enough to condone it as an appropriate solution"
"Damn it Greg, he's bored and I can't take it any more; I need access to your cold cases, or I'm going to kill him"
His hands were shaking again, if this was a joke he's not sure his blood pressure could take it. Three cases where Sherlock co-operated? Really?
"It doesn't matter how many times I've stared into a bright sunny day, either from a café window, the back of a police car, or from this chair, in our living-room... I've never before seen anything that will drown out Afghanistan."
"He's told Mother" Sherlock finally muttered, his body trembling when he couldn't stand John's steady silence any longer, and with their bodies pressed close, he felt the panicked exhale John couldn't smother and fear flooded his system, drowning his anger.
Sherlock slid down to the floor, pulling trousers and pants with him and kneeling lightly before John, grinning at the clenched hands that were pressed against the door in a bid, he knew, not to grip long curly locks of dark hair, and the doctor's muscles had gained a fine tremor of anticipation that Sherlock took a moment to relish in.
Just like that, Sherlock was as angry as John, at the lack of trust, at the stupidity his lover was showing, and he attempted to shove the man off him, only to find his wrist held firmly as he thrown unceremoniously into the kitchen table, sprawling across it and finding John's solid, comforting weight, pressing him into the table.
He'd been in Afghanistan last December, and had forgotten how much bloody fruit supermarkets sell on the lead-up to Christmas. He just wanted some pears!
"You could have died" The questioning tone was vanishing, underneath a harder anger that needed to be vented somewhere, somehow, preferably at someone.
"Sh-Sherlock... what do you think yo-uurg" His question was cut off as Sherlock flexed his fingers again, tracing the contours of Johns interest through fabric, just firmly enough to be felt and drawing shivers of pleasure from the Doctor.
With a new cup of coffee and a couple of bacon sandwiches, John had found an empty bench by the large pond to sit at while he ate. He'd not even bothered asking Sherlock if he wanted to eat, they had a case so he already knew the answer.
"That, would be perfect Mycroft, I've been trying to think of some way to put everything together as an actual present for Sherlock."
It was a long time before either of them moves, and then they simply shifted so they could wrap their arms around each other, as Sherlock pulled the blanket over them for warmth.
An extra ficlet I wrote for AtlinMerrick's 30 ways in 30 days challenge, but in the end it wasn't needed.
He'd had to do most of the preparation at his surgery, and now all he had to do was simply hope that Sherlock was in a good mood. He should be, he'd gotten Lestrade's help in supplying the detective with a simple case the day before to stave off the boredom, but John had insisted that whatever case Lestrade got him to do not linger into today.
Nine. Nine was Sherlock's favourite. Nine had quite a few photos, some of John at his dance lessons, and some of them dancing at Mycroft's Christmas party. Sherlock didn't even realise he was crying until John's fingers brushed them away.
"What the hells did you think you were doing?" John almost whispered, putting the spoon on the counter, the tea's only half made, but already forgotten and Sherlock saw that the Doctor's hands were shaking.
Sherlock's frame was still trembling, even as he clung to John like a lifeline, soaking up the warmth of skin against skin. John was silent, and Sherlock pushed his face into the Doctor's chest like a child seeking comfort, so that's what John gave, despite certain parts of his body intensely interested in the fact that Sherlock was pressed against him completely naked, making John's pyjamas tighter than they should be.
"It was very hot though Sherlock" he whispered, "If you wanted to keep that in mind for when we get home, I promise to be surprised."
John was used to working on little sleep. When you're fighting on the front lines of the Afghan deserts you quickly learnt to snatch sleep where you could, and to sleep damn lightly. He'd worked long mentally straining shifts in a hospital for two years before entering military service, mental strain was nothing new. Physical exhaustion was nothing new, and John was very good at working through them... to an extent.
That's what he'd done. Sherlock didn't always need to be told where he'd gone wrong. John had trusted him, Sherlock had lied, and that was what John was angry about, what Sherlock couldn't understand was why John was
Neither of them mentioned it, they both knew it would start an argument, so Sherlock simply turned to the next page.
She glided towards the table, moving a few steps ahead of the now scowling Sherlock when she laid eyes on John and her smile was Sherlock's; The same bright grin that the detective gave only to John. The doctor stood without conscious thought, and smiled, kissing the older woman's offered hand and greeting her softly.
"Do you really want an answer to that?" the detective scoffed, and he saw John's eyes darken with anger, and paced towards the man. Kissing him hard, pushing him into the sofa, straddling his lap before John could fight back... there was nothing tender in their motions, every action a battle for dominance.
Tensing his arms in a hug, and attempting to concentrate on the detective's words, John let Sherlock settle his head over his heart before dropping a tender kiss to Sherlock's forehead. It crossed his mind that this was new, and intimate, and he began to wonder how this would work, how would they change, but he put it aside for the morning. Right now this was about fear, and comfort and hope, and as he heard Sherlock's breathing begin to deepen, John smiled, and let his head rest back against his pillows
Apparently, amusement had won. All three of them laughed, and finished the large pan of alcoholic Christmas drink the doctor had made, Mrs Hudson was eventually helped back to her room, by slightly more sober John, and Sherlock was also half carried to bed. The eggs went down a treat, but the rum in the detectives drink had hit the taller man like a tonnes of bricks and he was, quite simply, pissed.
Sherlock scowled, and John continued his story, as they continued their slow wander through the frozen Peterson's lands and collecting their prizes as they went
"How do you know that I won't forge your signature one day John, if I need to?" Sherlock questions gently, once they were safely ensconced inside the lift once again, "It wouldn't be the first time I've forged something".
He was angry, furious in fact, which was why he had filled Sharon Swann with two bullets before Sherlock had hit the floor, or the action had processed through his mind. He had stood there, in the middle of the silent office staring at the gun in his hand for too many seconds before he slid the weapon back in his pocket far too calmly, and advanced on his flatmate's prone form, lying still on the floor.
John wasn't really awake yet. One cup of coffee did not constitute an 'awake' state, but Sherlock apparently disagreed. The doctor turned round from where he'd been cooking breakfast to stare at his lover with a weary face
Silence reigned for a moment, before Peterson senior snorted through his nose "Right then, free reign on the geese then Dan says?"
With a terrified, resigned sigh, John brushed down the front of the jacket one last time before heading down to where he knew Sherlock was pacing the living room.
"'course, they need all the help they can get, you know that... Surely you'd be back out there now if it weren't for that..."
His words were sharply cut off with a firm kiss. It wasn't tender, or gentle, it was firm and possessive and Sherlock nipped at John's lips until he let him in with a gasp and a sharp groan. Sherlock felt the soft brush of eyelashes as John surrendered to him, letting him have his way, and stake his claim. The Doctor understood, he knew, and Sherlock wasn't sure if that embarrassed him or made him want the man all the more.
Sherlock gasped, and his hips snapped forward without permission form his brain, the cry clamouring up from his chest was smothered as John took his thrown back head and caught the desperate gasps with his tongue.
Moving swiftly and unpacking the selection of pears before anything else, he filled a plastic fruit bowl he'd picked up at the shops, and placed it on the coffee table. A couple of the fruits went on the window sill, the mantle piece above the fire, John even slipped one into the detectives coat pocket when he replaced his partners gloves.
John's body never moved but for a moment amusement flickered over his face and into his eyes, lighting him up from inside, and drawing Sherlock to his side like a moth to a flame.
Sherlock's commentary on the arrangement of the band continued, but John simply laughed, stopping rapidly when he felt Sherlock tense "only you would know that much about the perfect composition for a band, no one else even noticed."
As a child, Harry had quite often taken any pocket money their parents had given John, so he'd had to find somewhere to hide it that his sister wouldn't look. Into a slim envelope John had put his pocket money, and whenever he'd saved enough he'd ask one of his parents to change the coins for a note, returning the money to the envelope to save and to hide.
He was scanning through various case files for much longer than he'd planned to leave Sherlock alone for, and was starting to worry about what, exactly, he'd be returning home to when some details he's just skipped past caught his eye.
At that point words were abandoned, and their conversation continued in a private language all their own, involving tongues, and teeth and the many tones of gasps and hisses that only the two men in the bedroom could translate accurately.
John had been standing at the window for almost twenty minutes now lit in the orange glow from the street lamp outside, clearly waiting for something, but Sherlock hadn't questioned him. Now, however, John's warm brown eyes were focussed on him and he frowned
John frowned, but nodded. This was starting to sound like something he would expect back at home after one of Sherlock's experiments, but he didn't interrupt the man.
The meal was peaceful, and surprisingly enjoyable. They did end up talking about cases, much to Sherlock's delight, but it was more reminiscing, and Sherlock showing off than actually attempting to solve one, which John didn't really mind.
She eyes her small glass of Amarula, and shook her head before moving round her flat swiftly splashing the liqueur down the sink and pulling out a bottle of her dad's favourite whiskey.
Strong hands gripped slim shoulders hard enough to bruise moments before the good doctor spilled himself down Sherlock's throat. The consulting detective merely hummed softly, and swallowed greedily as the man above him gasped for air.
As Sherlock raised himself onto his elbows and let his hands began wandering down John's neck he could feel the doctor's pulse thrumming beneath his fingertips, and followed the trail with his mouth, soft kissing and sharp nips began marking the skin as John shifting under the detective's weight, gasping in breaths as his neck tipped to one side to give Sherlock more access.
Linking their fingers, Sherlock moved to perch on the arm of the chair, but John tugged him down with little effort, till the lanky detective was kneeling on the threadbare carpet, trustingly letting John manoeuvre him so that his knees were comfortably spread for balance and his thighs were resting on the heels of his feet, letting him slide between Johns knees and have his back pressing against the warm, sun-drenched leather of the chair, gazing out of the very window John had been staring through.
"No, Sherlock," John snapped back, stopping outside the detective's bedroom and scowling at his now patient "You're being ridiculous, the only way to treat exhaustion is to sleep, so that's exactly what you're going to do."
Superstition had saved the serial killer thus far, but John wasn't a very superstitious person. He pulled his hands from his jacket and spun the large mirror in its stand so the back was showing and frowned at the small catches holding the wooden back in place. They were very tight.
do you think happened?" John growled, almost enjoying the shock that filtered through the detective's eyes "She shot you, you complete idiot!"
"SO!" Sherlock managed to interrupt the beginning of his landlady's waffle, "I'm having 221b sound proofed for you after Christmas, that should prevent my experiments and thoughts disturbing you sufficiently."
They could move later, clean up later. But not now. Christmas day was a time for spending it with the ones you love, and that's exactly what the two men in 221b Baker Street were going to do.
"There's nothing here Sherlock!" Lestrade's voice could be heard calling through from another room of the small flat.
"I could have administered an overdose of morphine and put him out of his pain, instead he bled out after having his legs blown off below the knees"
As John stood, waiting for the lift, he swept his eyes over the office; most of them didn't have enough of their brains working to understand, even if he was willing to explain the unique symbiosis he shared with Sherlock... and those who would understand didn't care to listen. The lift arrived, blissfully empty, and he stepped inside, pressing the button for Lestrades' department, and relaxing against the far wall as the door slide closed, hiding him from prying eyes.
John grinned and tugged a shocked Sherlock into the crowds of people without a sound of protest till they stood near the centre of the room.
The start of the sentence was cut short with a sharp gasp, and fingers clutched at the detective's bare shoulders when John felt teeth pressing tightly against his neck, and he bit his lips against another groan.
The detective didn't answer, running over the recipe instructions in his mind and he heard John's familiar footsteps on the stairs.
He wouldn't refuse the detective outright, the one time he had had been an absolute nightmare, but his lover needed sleep more than this,
Long fingers pushed open the door that hadn't been closed properly, and he stood in John's bedroom doorway, completely lost. As Sherlock stared at the still form of his flatmate, he wanted to crawl over to the man, curl around him, soak in his warmth and his smell and cry like he hadn't since he was a very small child. It took him longer than it should have to realise that John's eyes were open, watching him, and suddenly he couldn't move, couldn't breath. He wanted to run, afraid of whatever judgement he's find in that steady blue gaze, but he didn't.
Lestrade stopped dead, and turned slowly to scowl at the two men, "you what? Sherlock, you ignore Christmas every year, with a bad tantrum and a sulk that we're wasting time while criminals work... and now, you've got a Christmas present?"
As the taxi eventually pulled to a sharp stop, John even swiftly managed to remove any clue the price of the journey would have revealed by firmly telling the abrasive driver to 'keep the change', before guiding Sherlock from the vehicle and moving them away from the car onto soft, uneven ground.
"We need to get home swiftly, John, and there's not going to be any taxi's running in this weather; none of the roads have been gritted properly."
A small pocket magnifying glass, very much like Sherlock's, was sitting on his desk, along with a gift tag.
Tea slopped everywhere, John was tense as a bowstring, and the adrenaline pumping through him had his eyes wide and his breathing rapid and shallow before his eyes focussed on Sherlock, aiming another bullet at the wall
When, as they'd been dragging their coats on to leave, Mr Peterson had snarled "What are you going to do with six bloody geese anyway?" Dan had glared along with John as the doctor calmly replied that he planned to eventually eat them, but in the meantime they had a fully functioning freezer at home that would save the birds for whenever they wanted them.
"Sherlock!" John finally barked, stilling the man for a moment with his firm command and advancing on the consulting detective before he could recover, "What happened?" John dragged fingers through Sherlock's hair, and gently forced the mans ramrod stiff frame to bend towards him and curl round him, tense fingers clutching at Johns waist.
The park was very quiet, the cold keeping most sensible people inside, and John relished the quiet. At was never actually quiet back at Baker Street, and as much as he loved Sherlock, sometimes he just wanted that little bit of peace
"You must come for tea one day in the New Year and tell me all about how you met, Sherlock has been irritatingly vague, and Mycroft tells me it's confidential, which probably means it's an incredibly interesting story... what do you say?"
"You won't shoot" he drawled, his deep voice sounding ridiculously loud in the small room, but he caught John's shoulders shift from 'tensed' to "calm" and a part of his brain mentally sighed. John trusted him far too much.
John had insisted the farm house pluck the birds for them, and while they'd waited the doctor had made a point of having tea with his old army squad member, and pointedly ignored the sour glares and sharp comments of Peterson senior.
hanging from Sherlock's thin frame. He was covered in grime from the warehouse floor, and John had never seen him look less perfect than he did right now, and the familiar flip of his stomach made him sigh. This messed up, imperfect creature was going to be the death of him, because despite the danger, or maybe because of it, John loved him.
A soft, languid kiss stopped Sherlock's rant and made his body melt against John's, and the doctor kept up the smooth brush of lips and tongue until his lover moaned and kept his eyes pressed closed when John moved back slightly.
Sherlock let his fingers trail along John's belt, under his jacket and kept his voice deep, low, his hands slipped inside John's trousers, the belt somehow undone and Sherlock's mouth trailed along Johns jawbone nibbling at his ear.
, I've seen you go weeks without dropping, so now that you've decided to top and tail in a single bed like a bloody high school student, stop complaining and let me get some rest!"
Between Anderson and Donovan's snide comments were questions and a lecture from Lestrade about recklessness, and the commandeering of police property, and then came the questions about how the mastermind ended up dead... John announced that Sherlock would need medical attention and that Lestrade could continue the interview at a later date, and as they left the scene, John's still tensed arm around Sherlock's slim waist, the consulting detective made a mental priority note to ask Mycroft if he could clean up the mess he'd gotten his flatmate into...
By the time they'd both regained their breath, and their composure, the sweat was cooling on Sherlock's body and John had begun to place tender butterfly kisses along the detectives forehead.
The actual meal had gone without a problem. Soup, followed by a pheasant dish, and concluded with some kind of alcoholic chocolate mouse. Mostly, John asked Sherlock which cutlery to use, and by the time they'd finished the meals provided most of it was still unused. John didn't understand it, and Sherlock promised to explain it later.
"Fine" The detective turned to gaze out of the windows for a moment, frowning, "We're practically on the other side of London, John!"
Sherlock twined his finger together with Johns and glared again, "Oh shut up John," his comment merely making the doctor laugh harder.
The driver grumbled some more at Sherlock's waspish tone of voice, and continued grumbling as John made sure the consulting detective was settled, but the driver did pull away smoothly and without revealing their destination which is more then either Sherlock or John had expected by that point.
He wanted to get Sherlock to eat more, and despite his best efforts, it wasn't going exactly… swimmingly. Strategically placed pieces of the detectives favourite food around the flat? Well it was his best option. His last hope.
He let the man rest and kept another close watch on the cab's charge until they pulled into Baker Street. Sherlock woke on his own, and slid out of the car ahead of John, opening the door to their flat silently, and they both crept up the stairs to avoid waking Mrs Hudson with their late entrance.
The voices had stopped, the murmur's had been silenced and Sherlock's brain was reawakened as the facts in the scene before him slotted into place now that the distractions were gone. He beamed at the eviscerated body and John stood his hand lingering for half a heartbeat before he retreated, letting his lover have his moment to shine.
John carefully pushed the living room door open with his foot, ever wary for pranks, traps, or half finished experiments his lover was prone to leaving about, but the sight that met him almost stopped his heart in his chest
The man in question was so surprised by the Doctor's entrance that he promptly toppled off the chair he'd been standing on in the middle of the living room and managed to let himself fall onto the soft sofa
"John informed me that I make a ridiculous amount on noise with my experiments and violin Mrs Hudson-"
John knew that Sherlock's Christmas present to him had been dinner, cooked for him so that they'd have a proper Christmas, so the last thing he'd expected when they sat down to open presents was a box shoved into his hands before anyone else had a chance to move to the small collection under the tree.
"What I want to know, Sherlock, is when you found the time to sneak off and sabotage your brother's plumbing system."
"Because it was none of Mycroft's business" he muttered, his voice silky smooth once again, "It should have been my decision, our choice... not HIS".
"For someone as smart as my brother..."John looked back at Mycroft to see him staring across the room, his eyes narrowed in a calculating manner before he shook the look away, "I see that you're still fixing my brothers Christmas present?"
Sherlock moved closer to the tree, his sharp grey eyes taking in everything and his face glowing orange in the lights the doctor had scattered around the room.
"I'm going to bed" John indulged himself, letting his eyes scan over Sherlock, evaluating "I suggest you take a hot bath, it should help ease muscle pains, and get some sleep"
That is until Sherlock stretched out his long legs and sighed "I still think you should invite Harry over for Christmas"
That was it, and John sighed. Sherlock said he hadn't needed him for this case, it was simple. Well if it was so simple, John found he kept wishing Sherlock would solve it and get things over and done with. As much as he didn't want to admit it, he missed the taller man's non-stop chattering and even the explosions in the kitchen, or surprising new body parts in the freezer.
John laughed softly, his head thrown back in true amusement and Sherlock couldn't draw his eyes away from the expanse of neck bare to him until John calmed, and re-caught wandering eyes with his own twinkling blue.
Sherlock knew. He knew what the last picture was going to be. There were pictures of the ballet, certainly, but he was still unprepared for an outsider's view of John and himself pressed together in a heated kiss.
"You're not supposed to be here Sherlock, and since you weren't supposed to be here, It didn't occur to me to get a room with two beds!" John growled, wrapping his arms round the still twisting legs to still their movement.
Sherlock looked as smooth as ever, in one of his sharply cut suits, but for once in the taxi, his entire focus was on John, and the doctor smiled before moving his eyes from the back of the cabbies head to meet Sherlock's eyes.
They'd arrived at Angelo's, paid the extortionate taxi fare, and Sherlock let John enter the small Italian first. It had nothing to do with how John's new coat pulled slightly around the mans hips, Sherlock insisted mentally, it was simply that John had booked the table, so he would need to speak to the waiter on service.
John looked rather sheepish, and a little nervous as Mrs Hudson explained their mildly un-sober state, but Sherlock merely sighed and sat down on his sofa.
"You let her ki-iss you" John's voice broke, even as it lost it's venom and Sherlock realised exactly what was bothering the man, but it only flamed his anger.
"My nephew won't drink soup in casserole's" Mrs Hudson told him, matter of factly, as he complained over what had happened at breakfast that morning, pretending to be insulted by the way Sherlock had reacted, "So I simply used to tell him it was gravy, my niece! She won't touch anything with pepper in! I simply don't tell her it's in there, they never know the difference John... Sherlock eats cakes after all, doesn't he?"
... suggested to Sherlock that there was more to his lover's motives than just the date, or simple sustenance.
"Well, I was the medic for my squad... There's only one medic in a squad, and we were under fire one day, we were most days as you could probably guess..."
Sherlock was lying on the sofa staring at the ceiling, glaring, as though their fight had only just finished, and John sighed; too early. He wasn't awake enough to deal with that problem yet. The first thing the doctor did was put the kettle on, and find the pain killers, and by the time he placed a cup on tea on the table next to Sherlock's sofa, he was feeling more awake.
"Swans do not always mate for life; it has been proven through recent studies into genetics that quite often the creatures will divorce from their partners, or even mate with other swans while maintaining their main partnership, some swans have even been known to shown homosexual and transsexual tendencies... "
John, on the other hand, was rather good at cooking. Sherlock blamed the army, but it did mean the doctor could tempt the detective to eat at home, and usually once a day when there wasn't a case on.
It took moments for Sherlock to skid to a stop next to his lover, but his mood wasn't improved by the closeness of everyone else and his scowl deepened
angry. The shower leant him focus, and let him cry without being seen. The tears were droplets, and the flush of his face was heat from the steaming cubicle. It was a long time before he moved, and exited, and he took his time drying every inch, scrubbing everywhere to remove every trace of the warehouse from his skin.
"You're damn right it's shutting down, what the hell did you think you were doing?" The Doctor shouted, waving an arm at the length of rope Sherlock had hanging from the hole he'd been drilling in the ceiling before John had left.
The consulting detective should have known by now that John wouldn't ridicule his skills, or think them strange, and he felt a small amused smile sneak it's way onto his face as his shoulders relaxed and he registered that John's first reaction was, of course, to think how he could use this information to surprise the detective more often.
The next few minutes were awkward, for Sherlock at least, full of light touches as John helped guide him into his coat and the soft brush of fingers across his skin while the Doctor carefully ties his scarf round his neck, but eventually they were making their way down the stairs, Johns secure grip round his waist revealing that he was carrying some kind of large shoulder bag. Probably the same one the smaller man usually lugged to the gym whenever they'd had a lull in cases, Sherlock deduced.
The consulting detective wasn't looking at their prize, but at John with such a deep, soul searing heat that the doctor flushed and ducked his head, pulling the taped envelope from the back of the glass mirror with gloved hands.
It still amazed John sometimes how Sherlock could deduce everything about him, but still struggle when it came to what emotion he was feeling. Sure, sometimes he hit it spot on, but times like this?
Onto his second cup of coffee from the small stand situated near the middle of the park, john was starting to wonder if Sherlock's brain had simply frozen in the frigid temperatures. The man didn't seem to be reacting to everything, merely keeping his eyes to the ground and following John silently, with the tiny frown between his eyebrows that showed he wasn't really present. John could ask him anything now and get a truthful answer, but really the doctor would rather Sherlock solve the damn case.
John beckoned him over to the sofa and he took one last glance at the microscope before standing and joining his partner, where John handed him a leather bound book, the words printed on the front in gold foil said "The 24 Days of Christmas".
John sighed internally. It was going to be a long day. He'd toyed with ignoring Sherlock's text that had been waiting for him on his phone when he woke up, but he wanted to avoid an argument more than he'd wanted to avoid Scotland Yard at eight thirty in the morning.
It shouldn't have been too difficult, even with the six different types sitting on the shelf. Sherlock could have told him everything about each pear, what countries they came from and why which one was best based on the colour of the skins or something, but John simply stared at them, getting jostled by the people who were out on December first, panicking that there would be a food shortage this year and that they simply had to fill their freezers full to bursting.
"Is this an army thing? Are you all simply incapable of reacting in anything other than blatant acceptance?"
With a soft smile, and a mental note to have his PA fire his exceedingly expensive private physicians, he turned to the large square box that must be the gift John Watson had not wanted to send on its own.
His tongue forced it's way into the doctor's mouth and John moaned, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck, and tangling his fingers in the mans hair as Sherlock melted against him, long arms tugging at John's waist possessively. It took less than a moment for John to begin responding to Sherlock's aggressive attack, stroking along the other man's tongue with his own, and swiping steady hands along Sherlock's trembling back, but the detective wouldn't be calmed, and nipped harshly at John's lips, drawing another type of trembling from the doctor.
As his opposite, John only seemed to eat out when they had a case on and he couldn't drag Sherlock back to the flat, so for the good doctor to arrange an evening out, a
"You were wrong Sherlock, that's what I've been doing all week, taking a crash course in dance lessons."
There was a glint in the taller man's eyes and suddenly it hit John like a punch to the gut. This was payback for making the man go to the hospital. He dropped both mugs onto the coffee table, slopping the hot liquid everywhere and stalked up to his room to change clothes without another word. He'd have to deal with Sherlock later, but if there was a flu outbreak the overnight surgery would be flooded, and his new partner had just signed him up to working all damn night.
John kept up the slow teasing torture, and leant over Sherlock, careful not to damage the ice-cream on his stomach, and took his time, decadently sucking sauce from Sherlock's nipples, only stopping once they were clean, red and hard, and Sherlock's writhing became intense enough to be utterly distracting.
"It's not like you have a case," John huffed as they continued through the ridiculously busy London streets "Why are we hurrying?"
They began moving smoothly around the hall again and it took a while before Sherlock spoke again, his mind turning over the events of the last week.
Mr Lewis laughed, and John managed a small smile. He could only see one way that Mycroft would get pure sodium lining his water pipes.
John didn't think he'd ever heard Sherlock quite that vulnerable, and he nearly told the man everything but he couldn't. Not yet. There was only a couple of day's left to Mycroft's Christmas party, and then he'd surprise Sherlock.
Although, that wasn't entirely true. As they started their fourth circuit round an impromptu football match that was now coming to an end John went over the case in his own mind for lack of anything better to do.
They were the kindest words he could muster at the moment, his anger reduced, but still simmering beneath the surface. John couldn't remember ever being this angry with someone before in his life, and couldn't even manage a reassuring smile before he passed Sherlock and made his way upstairs to his cold bedroom.
It took an embarrassingly long moment for Sherlock to connect "Peterson's Fowl Farm" to John's comment of "shooting something useful".
Then again, the one with the return address was the package with Doctor Watson's handwriting all over it...
one where we've both sat down, eaten a meal and not talked about a case" John clarified as Sherlock began to argue, nipping the discussion in the bud.
The doctor released Sherlock and the detective stared at him, an expression in his eyes that John couldn't place as his spine straightened and he folded his arms.
The car door slammed shut, and the doctor drove out of the car park in silence. If Sherlock apologised for his behaviour, neither of them ever mentioned it outside of the vehicle.
"Did you know, swan's mate for life Sarah?" the young lad whispered in what John assumed was supposed to be some sort of flirt. The girl clearly fell for it as she gasped at the small group of swans that her boyfriend had pointed out swam lazily near the bank they were sitting on.
"I'd stare and watch and trying to find something, sometimes for hours, Sherlock... but even when the sun went down, or it started to rain I couldn't give up, because I always knew that the sun would shine again, and I could keep searching for something stronger... Someone to keep the memories at bay"
"Don't do that, it's hard enough when you're doing it right, Sherlock" John muttered, his face flushed as he avoided his lovers questions.
Lestrade broke into their locked gaze, and the consulting detective turned to Lestrade and shook his head firmly in the negative
Perfect. John looked up the files number and went to find it. To be honest, from the sounds of it, he couldn't understand why Sherlock hadn't been called in at the time, it was relatively recent series of murders, barely 2 years old.
John stopped and pressed this lips together, and halting Sherlock's arguments instantly. Their eyes held like a thin thread of steel connected them before John finally stretched a hand towards the taller man.
"I thought you were exaggerating the issue... Well, the solution is simple; we'll simply buy double the milk, and label one bottle as yours"
Always blunt. Sherlock had considered softening his words, but that wasn't him and he hoped John knew that. True to form the Doctor huffed a small laugh and shook his head, finally, slowly, leaning back in the chair and tipping his head back to gaze at Sherlock
"Oh right ... of course, look, Dan... I was just wondering if my partner and I could pop down for a couple of hours..."
Carefully he opened the envelope from John Watson, wary of what may be inside, but all that fell out was a small business card.
"Rubbish" came Sherlock's deep voice, shattering the teenager's whispers and drawing their unwavering gazes to his
Sherlock gasped and his slightly concave stomach twitched, drawing a frown from the doctor hovering above him.
"I sit like this... so that one day... I might see something outside... something good... something that makes me smile... something only the sunlight shows... something I can remember instead of heat... and sand... and pain..."
The doctor bit his lip as he studied the mounting irritation on Sherlock's face. Donovan was sighing audibly, and Anderson was beginning to look smug, and John knew, from experience, that it wouldn't be long before the snide remarks started
John sat in front of his laptop, staring at his blog. He'd written up the case for Sherlock, as he always did, but hadn't found a title yet. Then he suddenly remembered Mycroft's text at the beginning of the week and the poem he was trying to complete for Sherlock by Christmas day, and grinned, shaking his head softly and setting fingers to keys.
"But when the sunlight hits my face I see light glinting off guns, and I can smell blood and fear. I know it's in the past, but it makes me stop, and think, and sometimes doubt..."
The detective raised an eyebrow and John felt that rare flush that he usually associated with working something out before his partner
With a firm hand on the glass front of the mirror, John used a short nail to slide the clips over the wood and loosen the back of the mirror, prising it off carefully, and turning, only to find Sherlock already at his shoulder.
Sherlock made no sound, so John kissed him, a soft sigh, but no other reaction. John grinned, and began trailing his way down the familiar body, mouthing at Sherlock's bulging cock before slowly easing the clothes from the thin body beneath him.
He'd worked till 6am, and Sarah had told him she could manage now, and she sent him home, a pitying look on her face. John sighed as he struggled to slip the key into the lock. He must look like hells, because he'd barely entered the surgery before she'd apologised and told him she should have known better than to trust Sherlock's word, but she really had been rushed off her feet.
The two whispered words silenced John and after a moment, he wrapped his arms around Sherlock's trembling shoulders, and cradled the taller man as long legs tangled with his own.
He nipped at the soft skin of John's inner thigh, his body curving to tease the soft skin, skilfully drawing a soft mewl from John's end of the bed
The man they had in custody was guilty. He'd played word games, and danced around the issue but they had everything from him short of a statement. But they couldn't take their, honestly flimsy, case to court without solid evidence, and the only evidence they could get now was the wedding bands the serial killer had taken from each of his victims.
The detective glanced around the kitchen slowly, thinking, before he swiftly proceeded to gather parsnips, potatoes, carrots and brussel sprouts to prepare.
The Doctor was desperate, and Lestrade had worked with Sherlock long enough to know that if even John was desperate for help, the consulting genius was at his worst.
"I fail to see the point" he sulked, jamming his hands deeper into his pockets and John shook his head, and propelled them both through the crowds with ease to stand at the front, with a direct view of the Christmas parade
John shushed Sherlock's breathy moan and leant forward, pressing a tender kiss to the very corner of the detectives mouth, even as he let his hands roam lower, and tug softly, and agonisingly slowly at the other man's belt. Sherlock leant further back against John and the armchair, and bit his lips firmly while John slowly peeled back his belt, and his trousers and softly rubbed the rather insistent erection his soft, quiet teasing had produced.
Mouths met again slowly, and the men's eyes slipped shut as their bodies settled against each other comfortably, Sherlock lying between John's legs, pressed close to his partner and tongues probed mouths, testing and reaching and challenging each other, as teeth began nipping at lips, and hands began wandering.
"It's a customised photo album" John watched Sherlock's eyes narrow, as he became suspicious and began deducing, and the doctor simply smirked, "Stop working it out, and open it".
John raised his eyes from his book, a small affectionate smile on his face as he watched Sherlock pace round the room in long strides as the taller man shifted through papers and books. John didn't know how he kept track of everything he needed, but Sherlock never seemed to have any trouble.
He'd prepared himself while he'd made the detective writhe, and John was in his lover, held firmly by tensing muscles before either of them had expected it, and it feeling left them gasping. It always did, Sherlock was beginning to suspect it always would.
"What's going on?" John asked softly as he reached them, his hands in his pockets, and his face carefully neutral as Lestrade turned to him like a starving man might turn on an all-you-can-eat buffet and Sherlock threw his hands in the air, his posture portraying pure irritation.
Only Sherlock's hands on his hips, pressing him into the wood of the door, kept him upright as that talented tongue swirled around him, focussing John's attention onto a single point on his body; his breathing ragged, his hands clenching and his vision fading out.
The man in question tensed against John's body and John responded with a firm push of hips, and another tender brush of lips and tongue that calmed the argument Sherlock had been building up to.
Sherlock huffed, and shut the door behind him to keep the warmth in the room, leaving his own coat on. It had clearly cooled off quickly since John had walked home.
"I love you" he whispered, his voice a low purr, and John could feel his hands begin to tremble. Sherlocks mouth brushed his ear as he spoke, and John's eyes fluttered closed as he focussed on the voice in his ear, whispering precious words that would get him through the evening.
The ghastly bobble hats that were revealed tested even Sherlock's control of his emotions and John managed to stutter over an unconvincing 'thank you' but, Sherlock noticed dryly, Harry Watson didn't seem to care much as she sat in an armchair laughing.
Silence, except for the rustle of the investigation team, settled again, but not for long, and John sighed
When Sherlock arrived home, he found Mrs Hudson and John sitting in the living room, chatting a little louder than usually, and cheerfully greeting him as he walked through the door.
He'd finally resorted to something he'd sworn he'd never do. John got himself an account online, and he went to the closest supermarket, and ordered eight pints of milk, to be delivered, every two days to 221b Baker Street for the next month.
' he thought to himself as he managed to shuffle carefully down the stairs in search of tea and pain killers. Why had he slept so long? Usually Sherlock woke him with the violin, or a case, or out of sheer boredom.
Sherlock folded his arms and sunk deeper into the sofa, only letting loose an utterly undignified squawk when John pulled him up from the sofa with the strength of a war veteran and literally dragged the protesting man to his bedroom.
"No, this is" the doctor handed over what looked like a folder for a case file and Lestrade became wary again.
He spotted Sherlock tense out of the corner of his eye, but the man covered it quickly, even as John's chest filled with guilt. He wasn't entirely comfortable with public displays of affection, but he knew that Sherlock liked to show him off. He sometimes thought it had something to do with proving that someone could do more than tolerate him, someone did indeed love him with all his eccentricities and quirks, and not despite them.
"Grass, John?" Sherlock asked, frowning beneath his blindfold and drawing a chuckle from the shorter man
A glass of water was pressed into his hand, and he drank it without question without even opening his eyes. When the glass was refilled and two tablets pressed into his hand, he once again obeyed the unspoken commands without argument or question, and eventually his doctor shut the curtains and blocked out the sunlight
She ripped the paper from the second box and pulled out a large tub of moisturising cream; of a ridiculously expensive brand. Scotland Yard was paying them two men too much money. As she pulled the creamed gold out of it's container a small gift tag dropped onto the table and Sherlock's spidery writing caught her gaze again.
it!" John was up and pacing as he cursed at Sherlock, still lying on the ground, his chest still bare, his silk shirt hanging from his shoulders, the buttons either missing entirely or hanging on via broken threads, and his dark hair a splayed mess as his breathing beginning to quicken. He could feel himself fighting a blush as John continued his rant, and his mind warred with itself.
Mycroft had to admit the doctors' signature in the post script was comforting, and he studied the caustic tone of his brothers' letter for a moment before letting loose a rare unguarded smile.
It was only when she placed a neatly manicured hand on John's arm, far too perfect for a doctor's hand, that Sherlock snapped, he saw red. The consulting detective pushed open the door to the surgery and John spotted him, almost beginning to frown at the look in his pale grey eyes as Sherlock stalked across the room.
"Yes... You didn't think I wanted to dance, and I did, not that you left me much time..." John sighed before continuing, his tone softening "I'm not always comfortable with public displays of affection Sherlock, but it's not because I'm ashamed to be seen with you, or because I don't want you."
He caught the Doctor's eyes and John smiled softly, drawing a similar response from Sherlock. Maybe despise was too strong a word...
It was cheap too, John though with a suppressed shiver, too bloody thin for the snow, but it was better with this getup than the bomber jacket.
"Christ-!" John's fingers clenched around Sherlock's hips, but the detective kept the small space between them, tormenting his lover, and himself.
The journey wasn't too unbearably long, and was mostly spent listening to the rumble on London life go by with Sherlock's mind stilled by the weight of a soft hand pressing his into the seat. For John Watson even small public displays of affection such as this were rare, so Sherlock relished the firm pressure of his lovers hand, trusting in wherever the other man was leading them.
John grinned as Sherlock visibly relaxed and came into 221a with a sigh of relief. At least something had come from John's twelve Christmas presents. Sherlock was still willing to drink eggnog. Not much but, John thought as he wrapped his fingers round Sherlock's, any win was a good win when it came to Sherlock Holmes.
"I reserved a table for two, under the name Holmes" John's soft voice drew Sherlock's gaze back to his lovers face and he frowned.
They were halfway home in the warm car before a sleepy Sherlock finally admitted that shooting the geese had been more fun than inflicting damage at an inanimate wall, and by the time they'd reached 221B Baker street, Lestrade had another case for them to look over the following morning.
The dance continued to something slow that John didn't know, and Sherlock pulled the doctor flush against his body and pressed their foreheads together, watching the man in amazement as John began grinning.
"His mother always reminds me of Harry, Mum was sort of relieved when she realised Harry wouldn't have kids..." John murmured, mostly to himself as the Queen brushed off her son's attentions, and scolded him.
John blinked, and watched Sherlock's long coat swish from the room. Had he imagined that soft murmur? Unlikely... but he wouldn't mention it, or the warm glow it had drawn. It almost made the sleep deprivation worthwhile.
He ignored the gushing vocals of his wife, and decided that he would need to thank John Watson, but then Anderson's gaze fell on the smaller gift, from Sherlock Holmes and he felt his suspicions rising.
The driver was later, and in a foul mood due to the weather and treacherous ice on the roads, but John didn't care. He took the delivery and filled the fridge with bottles of milk, slotting them in around his partner's collection of chilled body parts and by the time Sherlock returned he was settled in his chair, reading with a milky cup of tea, a hidden stash of powdered milk tied to the under side of his bed, and a smile on his face.
John chuckled as they crunched through the frozen grass to retrieve the first bird that the doctor had just brought down
John tipped his head as Sherlock struggled to repeat whatever Mycroft had said, and suddenly, the possessive clenching of fingers at his body made sense and a cold lump settled in his stomach as the irony hit him like a piano off a ten story building.
There was no more brush of fingers as they stood at crime scenes, and Sherlock made certain their legs didn't rest against each other in the taxi's, and when John tested his theory by dropping a soft kiss against Sherlock's lips, the detective has scowled, pulled back and muttered a soft but pointed,
"That is a contract, signed by Sherlock, and it promises his help in three cases of your choice... No fee needs to be paid, and he will refrain from insulting or antagonising any member of your team, except in defence of himself."
"Yes" he responded slowly, still frowning "But it's going to be later, it should be ready in about ten minutes, but in actuality it won't be for another half an hour or so... the recipes were inaccurate."
The taller man leapt from the bench and marched out of the park, shouting a "come along John! Lestrade will want to know everything as quickly as possible!"
When Sherlock got home all hells would break loose, but John was determined to win this argument. He was almost convinced he would.
When the shop assistant brought over a selection of shoes, John was ready to throw them at the man, and from Sherlock's grin, he knew it too.
DI Dimmock cautiously watched them both leave, and John Watson begin arguing with Sherlock as the door shut behind them, before he returned his gaze to the 'gifts'. This had to be some sort of prank, right?
He sighed, pulled on his coat, and stole Sherlock's gloves to combat the icy chill before leaving without another word. There wasn't any point to speaking at the moment, and he could only hope this was over by Christmas.
"Some parade – I spotted it advertised in last weeks paper I hoped we'd be able to get home before it started, but I hadn't planned on the authorities not gritting the streets to slow our progress."
The detective pointed to the single bird ornament that John had already tied to the tree and nodded "A turtle dove, not very festive is it John?"
"I couldn't get out to the shops for any appropriate alcohol, so I'm afraid it's a non-alcoholic version this evening!"
, and refocused his gaze on the price of the taxi, until his attention was drawn to the long fingers wrapping round his and lifting his hand to soft lips. He smiled, forgiving the man instantly, but kept his eyes on the price – it had a strange way of racking up if you weren't watching it.
It was new, untested ground, and he sent a glance at John across the seat. He looked carved from stone, and the consulting detective knew this could easily turn into another of their explosive arguments; He almost craved it, to see if the Doctor's varied vocabulary drew the same... interested reaction from him, now that the adrenaline had leaked from his system.
Halfway up Donovan joined him, and he had to stop another sigh escaping him. He could feel her eyes on him, and managed to keep his expression blank. The last thing he needed at this hour of the morning was another rant on how dangerous it was living with Sherlock or any other suggestions as to a "new hobby".
"After the last time we had to stop and go looking for it at a point like this" John lent down and snagged the bottle he'd put there a week previous, and sat back up with a grin "Now, shut up Sherlock, and lay down."
Sherlock moved across the small kitchen to press his lips to Johns, barely brushing a tongue across his partners' lips when the alcoholic sister reached the top of the stairs. It was 12.30, and she was already tipsy, and Sherlock could see very clearly how John's request that anything remotely resembling alcohol be removed from the house had not been an exaggeration.
The crowds, however, didn't seem to be increasing until they wee nearly home, and then Sherlock's curse drew John's attention to the wall of bodies blocking their way.
He could actually hear the smugness rolling off of Mrs Hudson as she threw the parting comment of "I'll leave this in Doctor Watson's capable hands then!" and swiftly left the flat in a cloud of her rose scented perfume.
John sighed when he saw Sherlock was still out for the count and checked his watch. He'd finished his last coffee nearly half an hour ago, and his fingers were starting to loose feeling again. Time for another one then.
John didn't need to be told twice, and stripped his jeans and jumper, before swiftly sliding between the covers and tangling legs with Sherlock, their lips crashing together like magnets and drawing soft sighs, and indecent groans from the both of them
This was it, the day John had actually been looking forward to. The last line of the poem, but more importantly, one of the only ones he'd actually planned, and wasn't this planned!
She'd been just about to relax in front of the fire with a book and a small glass of Amarula when the doorbell had gone, and now Sally was staring at the jar shaped gifts, wrapped in bright shiny Christmas paper with a look of abject shock plastered over he features.
The case was solved. Sherlock stood before the mirror over the sink, towel wrapped round his waist and staring at the bruising still slowly spreading across his chest. The case was solved, but had he lost anyway? Had he shattered John's trust irrevocably. The thought terrified Sherlock in a way he didn't understand and he lowered his head, his thoughts swirling.
Surprising him, Sherlock pouted at his comment and sat up, accepting the tea with a quiet, and distinctly sulky "thanks", but the doctor let it go for the sake of peace.
The fact that the doctor seemed to be rather smug was not something Sherlock was impressed with, so he settled with an expression somewhere in the middle, and tempered it with an edge of boredom as he picked at a chicken salad and gazed out of the window of the restaurant they were having lunch in.
John knew he was out of his depth when one of Sherlock's experiments got tossed off the kitchen table in the mans anger, and he didn't seem to care"
The flat was silent when John got home, and he immediately began worrying. Moving slowly up the stairs, the tension in his body mounted as he advanced.
Their growled and hissed conversation, drew tears, and more blood, but eventually John let loose and sharp whimper of pleasured pain, and bit Sherlock's long neck hard, bruising the skin, drawing blood, and dragging a powerful shuddering orgasm from his partner.
If he hadn't been so tired, John would have found the look of shock of his partner's face hilarious, as it was he simply curled into his chair, and sipped his tea.
Sherlock took his own tentative sip. He could smell a rat here, something wasn't quite right and he would simply have to deduce the problem
"What are you looking for exactly?" Lestrade asked softly as he swiped his access card. John had flown through the visitor sign in procedure, obviously desperate to get home with something to distract Sherlock before their entire flat had been destroyed
With a muttered apology he swaps the plates and and proceeds to try and not fall asleep into his coffee cup.
He smirked at the detective's surprised expression and John's unrestrained laughter, before wishing them both a very Merry Christmas, and departing from the lobby of Scotland Yard for home, as swiftly as his feet would carry him and long before either man had been in a fit state to reply.
Through more than a few of his underground contacts, and one or two unsavoury characters who owed him favours, Sherlock had managed to determine that all four woman had been employed by a business that offered phone sex, which is why they'd been on the phone at the time of their murders.
Silence reigned as Sherlock stopped his rant short, and john frowned. Surely the man hadn't actually realised, on his own, that his comments were inappropriate?
Sherlock swallowed, he wasn't squeamish around corpses but someone being alive after that sort of damage was enough to test even his control "Then you may not have had enough to save Dan, it could have killed both of them... You know this, don't let a father's loss cloud that medical certainty"
with his tongue, and John groaned, instantly forgiving him. It didn't mean he was awake though and with a sigh, pulled back from Sherlock, preparing to explain when hot lips dropped to trail along his neck.
It took John a long time to work this out, because sometimes, when Sherlock seemed to be in that condition, he was partially still in the room, and then your chance at throwing a single question at him failed.
It was bloody freezing. John shivered, and shoved his hands into the pockets of his jacket. He sent a sideways glance at Sherlock and scowled. The taller man was perfectly fine, long warm coat, scarf, leather gloves, and the freezing temperature combined with their languid stroll round the park had given the consulting detective's pale features a bright red flush to his face that lead John's mind back to the events of the morning; Warm, and in bed, and a delightful way to wake up his partner.
When he'd suggested that a walk might help Sherlock think, he honestly hadn't been expecting Sherlock to take him up on the idea. It was barely above freezing and he'd not really wanted to leave the warm central heated flat, but it was walking or listening to another hour of that violin.
Sherlock wasn't in when John got home, but then John hadn't expected him to be. He knew Sherlock went wandering, to think or to find new cases, while he worked at the surgery but the genius was always home by the time John was.
"If you loose those documents, I will not hold myself to them" Sherlock hissed, his tone sulky and Lestrade snapped back to himself, grinning like a maniac.
Back at Baker Street, the door to their flat barely closed before it started, with Sherlock's tall thin body pressing John's shorter frame into the door and pulling gasps from him in moments as Sherlock ground their hips together slowly, teasingly...
Deciding swiftly to get Sherlock's out of the way, she pulled the gift towards her and began ripping the paper away hazardously. She nearly dropped it when she realised exactly what Sherlock had sent her.
Like a machine gun. No wonder John hadn't stayed with her, that laugh could have set off flashbacks to Afghanistan immediately upon the doctors return to England.
John sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, "please tell me you didn't get me up and out of the house at eight in the morning on a
If anyone else had screamed at him, demanded he stop shooting the walls, and even arranged an alternative entertainment without consulting him, Sherlock would have scowled, crossed his arms, and continued shooting the walls.
He stared at them both and Mrs Hudson moved carefully to the kitchen and the consulting detectives eyes narrowed at them both
Their hands twined on the table briefly, before they returned to their calm conversations and for once a meal Sherlock was enjoying.
Sherlock's head bobbed, and Johns hips struggled against the spidery restraints, fighting to snap forward and bury him in that delicious heat that had melted his mind beyond anything more than pure instinct.
John was silent as he finished removing his coat and gloves, and carried the shopping into the kitchen as he thought.
Christmas presents from Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. She could see it, coming from John, but Sherlock sending gifts? Particularly her?
It barely seemed five minutes later when he heard the door open downstairs, but a quick glance at the clock told him it had been two hours. His eyes returned to his book, but he had trouble hiding his smile when his partner froze in the doorway, surprise on his face before he schooled it into a scowl
The doctor growled softly, and glared pointedly at the DI "tell me I'm not here because you wanted confirmation of a report I spent hours writing last night, Greg, tell me that I'm not dead on my feet for something this ridiculous, because when it comes down to it, he wouldn't dare forge
When whoever the doctor had called answered, an easy grin flashed across the mans features, and John wasn't sure whether he was pleased or disturbed that this fact caused Sherlock's hands to tighten on the still loaded gun
To say he was shocked would be an exaggeration, but mild surprise and a hint of amusement were clearly present in his usually stoic face. Sherlock hadn't sent him a Christmas gift since the time Mycroft's younger brother had come home from university for Mummy's Christmas party. The events that followed were... unpleasant. As far as Mycroft knew, Sherlock still hadn't forgiven him...
Sherlock took another moment to study his partner's confident gaze before he opened the book, the spine creaking as he revealed the first picture.
"I've been having my surveillance team take some appropriate photographs John, if you'd like copies for some kind of ... memento?"
John couldn't stop his smile, but still embarrassed over his unrestrained temper, he wouldn't look at the consulting detective, "Because I'd never be able to trust you again, and trusting you is what makes this work".
The shaking in his hands lessened at the joke, and the DI even managed a shell-shocked smile as the doctor continued explaining the documents in his hands worth their weight in gold.
"You don't have to say it again", the doctor cut off Sherlock's third apology and Sherlock looked relieved, and murmured a soft "come to bed?" instead.
The man tensed against his hands and his back straightened, but John simply frowned at the reaction.
It wasn't that John didn't appreciate the company, Sherlock would make a welcome, if frustrating distraction from his sister's court case, and it wasn't that he really minded sharing a room, or even a bed with the lanky detective... It was just that..
"I am neither drunk nor deaf, and I am not prone to random bouts of illness so I suspect your taxi is more than safe for whatever journey my flatmate had booked"
The doctors strong hands were fisting the bedsheets, although he was still silent, barring the occasionally whimper and heavy breathing that was beyond his control.
If James Martin had hidden his trophies in the garden they had no hope of finding them, and this was in the forefront of everyone's mind.
"The only thing not safe when you have a gun in your hands John, is whatever you're intending to shoot"
"Yes... I was speaking with Lestrade, and he may have pointed out that the reason we're arguing more is because you're not getting that first cup of tea in the mornings..."
When John returned from seeing his sister to the taxi, he stood in the kitchen doorway for a moment before speaking.
"If you answered my questions like that normally, I wouldn't feel the need, Sherlock" John responded, standing and moving to the kitchen to make tea. He could hear Sherlock grumbling in the living room, complaining that his thought process had been interrupted, but he knew that John was right. After all, his lover didn't throw random questions at him very often.
"You mean..." Sherlock wasn't sulking; He didn't sulk "You mean, the best way to actually surprise you is simply to blindfold you?"
The Doctor knelt by Sherlock, and pulled aside the man's shirt, ripping buttons, and sending them flying in all directions in his panic, hard relief washing over him and covering him in a cold sweat when he saw the police issue bullet proof vest strapped round the lanky man. Swift, steady hands undid the strappings, loosening the pressure from the now buckled metal plates, and Sherlock coughed in a deep breath, groaning as he came round sharply, pale chest heaving in air that the damaged vest had tried to prevent.
The violin wouldn't have lasted another hour, so when Sherlock had agreed to his desperate snap of "For gods' sake! Let's get out of this flat before one of us dies!" John had jumped at the chance. The temperature not being ideal for a walk hadn't really occurred to him until his fingers started turning numb.
"Fine..." he grumbled after a moment, and a couple more slow kisses, "Now go and get that shower, you absolutely stink"
It took very little time for Sherlock to be divested on his shirt, and John's jumper swiftly followed, neither of them keeping track of exactly where their clothing landed.
There was a beat of silence again as John turned to face Sherlock after he'd finished tying a small feathered bird shaped decoration to the tree.
The doctor cleared his throat and returned his gaze to the consulting detective, who looked totally lost and completely alone, adrift in the middle of 221B's living room and it took everything in the doctor's willpower not to cradle the tall man to him and whisper sweet, comforting nothings.
Anderson knew she would watch, and knew Sherlock was making him choose. He hated to admit it, but Sherlock Holmes had helped him realise that he didn't want to loose his wife.
John couldn't help but laugh as the two brothers glared at their mother, and after a moment he managed to choke out a "sure, Ariadne, I'd love to" and the two men on either side of him, transferred their glares to him but John didn't mind, as Ariadne laughed lightly.
"How long have I known John? Yeah, that's about right" Sherlock's comment rolled off of Dan like water from a duck and the tall man blinked surprised, and glanced at John just in time to catch his grin
Sherlock's grin shattered across his face and he kissed John deeply, pulling a soft moan from the doctor before he pulled away, still smiling.
"Right now, tonight, I simply want to be with you, to rest with you" John spotted the exact moment his partner melted, and was prepared for the deep yet unutterably tender kiss the man pressed to him and John would have felt guilty at the manipulation if it hadn't bee one hundred percent accurate.
"It doesn't matter, love" John breathed gently, the words ghosting over Sherlocks skin like kisses, "I'm yours, you're mine and they don't matter" against his will, Sherlock could feel his shoulders relaxing and he released the furious breath he hadn't realised he'd been holding, letting his eyes close for a fraction of a second.
Once he came back to himself, and he could think, the only thought that passed through his mind was that Sherlock was right. He stared at the 'pillow' he held and watched the kitten begin licking his knuckles.
The consulting detective was aware, peripherally, of John shifting his stance. The Doctor would take the bullet if she fired, and Sherlock found himself gritting his teeth at the sheer stupidity of the situation just before his own personal brand of insanity stepped in to take control.
"We're ready to go home, then?" Sherlock whispered, warm lips brushing Johns as he spoke, and marking his lovers increased pulse rate as John nodded
"Ah well" he muttered, as he jogged after his partner, "at least that's another case solved, maybe I can hide the violin with the skull..."
The intimate embrace they'd wrapped themselves in to watch the parade, and the eleven drummers that Sherlock had been so suspicious of, surprised Sherlock. He knew John wasn't fond of public displays, but his arms wrapped around John, and John's hands tugging at him, with Sherlock's head on his shoulder and nose against the doctors neck... It didn't belong in a photo album, as far as the consulting detective was concerned, this picture was... well, he sent John a heated look and the doctor grinned, before waving a hand at the book, insisting Sherlock continue with the last entry.
Sherlock turned to face him with his arms crossed, and a scowl on his face, but there was a glint in his deep grey eyes that John spotted before the detective smothered it.
"Sarah wants you in for some night work tonight, they've got a small flu outbreak, and I said it'd be fine."
With supreme will power the doctor gently pushed Sherlock's taller frame away from him, and the harsh breathing of both men echoed round the dark room. Now his eyes had adjusted to the gloom, John could just make out Sherlock's features, and he shook his head softly.
A moan he repeated more firmly once he had his throat filled with Sherlock, finally drawing absolute nonsense from the usually perfectly articulate mane before him. John sucked and moved back from Sherlock's cock slowly, before lowering his mouth back over the man, Sherlock was reduced to whimpers and nonsense words, occasionally muttering Johns name, and all it took was a well timed brush to the detective's balls for him to cry out sharply, hips bucking, and fill John's mouth.
"You, John, you said..." Sherlock was sulking again, he'd been hoping to gain some information if their location required a booking in time, but...
He was so close to being out of the place and home for Christmas, but no, there in the doorway stood Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
John groaned low in his throat, and finally put enough strength into his arms to bring Sherlock's hips crashing into his own, pulling his own pleased groan from the taller man.
Resting his forehead against John's, Sherlock own breathing heavy and mingling with Johns, he put his own desires aside for the moment, and locked his grey eyes, dark with arousal of his own, with John's sparkling blue ones and ever so lightly brushed his long fingers over the length of John, palming the head whenever his fingers reached the base, and studying the contortions of pleasure John's face produced.
"What are you doing?" Sherlock growled after John, but his expression softened at the delighted laugh the other man returned as he beckoned Sherlock over with an easy grin.
The snow had melted days ago, but the temperature was still barely above freezing by the time John had managed to motivate Sherlock into helping him find an appropriate suit for Mycroft's dinner. They'd been through a number of shops, starting with John's choices, at reasonable prices, and they were now in store's Sherlock had chosen where they had been given a starting price and everything that was adjusted to fit the customer was added onto the bill.
It was a gift, send in good will, and Mycroft suspected that he may very soon come to consider John Watson a very good friend.
With a small contented smile at Sherlock's stunned expression that was slowly turning furious, John sighed, and pressed his face into Sherlock's shoulder gently.
John blinked with his jacket half off, and frowned at Sherlock as the taller man laid stretched out on the sofa with his fingers pressed together under his chin.
Anderson scoffed and John whirled on him, his patience expired, he didn't even hear Sherlock's soft "John-" before he snapped, the sharp barks of his voice draining the blood from Anderson's face.
John felt ill at the thought of how much these suits were going to cost, and usually he'd have put his foot down at the extravagance, but he did want to make a good impression on Mrs Holmes after all. The whole shopping trip had taken nearly four hours, and most of that time had been spent having John fitted for a suit, the tailor seemed to already know Sherlock's sizes, and the doctor had a sneaking suspicion that this was the Holmes family tailor.
While the youngsters clearly had their adult white plumes, John could see that five of the swans were this years young, and he watched the seven stunning birds drift past as he tried tor refocus on the case over the girl's gushing and the young mans attempts at being romantic
"You've been such a help this year that I thought I should get you something special for Christmas, especially when you saved me from a murder charge by letting me access the cold cases..."
The consulting detective didn't reply and John sighed as he made his way into the living room and scowled down at Sherlock with his arms folded.
"I could have sleep on the floor, the chair, the window seat, or not slept at all and kept you up all night with the light from the laptop..." Sherlock's voice escaped him and he stilled as John's heavy leaking cock twitched in his hand, and a low predatory growl escaped that Doctor that said more clearly than any words Sherlock had ever heard "For gods sake stop being a fucking tease", and Sherlock suddenly found his throat extremely dry.
Wherever they'd arrived at, John was nervous, he wanted this evening to go well, and Sherlock couldn't have been more puzzled as to his motives if he'd tried, especially when he stepped out of the taxi to be face with the stunning building of the Royal Opera House of London.
Apparently solving the case had more of an impact on the man that John had expected. Not that he was complaining. He brought his hands up, trailing along pale arms, to pull Sherlock to him, but the detective pushed his wrists back against the door, and smirked as John bit his lip and suppressed a moan.
It was cut off swiftly as the taxi jerked to a stop and announced that they'd arrived, along with a ridiculous price for a car journey. John, however, paid without so much as a murmur of complaint, which was unusual all on its own, and it took a moment for Sherlock to pinpoint why.
John had gotten his sister a pair of leather gloves that she gushed over, she Sherlock smirked silently, knowing exactly how much his partner had spent on Mycroft, compared to his own sister. Sherlock had been given two instructions in regards to the gift giving on Christmas day. One, everyone got a gift, so Sherlock had to find something for Harry Watson, and two, it couldn't be alcohol.
"That's what I'm trained for, Sherlock" John spoke softly, calmly, accepting, "What anyone in the army is trained for, to give our lives to save people more important than us-"
Taking a calming breath, Sally returned to the second gift and eyed it. This one had to be from John Watson, and should theoretically be safe, but the doctor did live with Sherlock, and the detective had his ways... he could have tampered with it...
Shifting and grinding against Johns hips Sherlock dropped his head until their foreheads touched, and their heavy breaths mingled in the space between them
It hadn't needed saying until his brave little soldier encountered something that was truly frightening him. Loosing Sherlock. The detective had to make sure, in his own mind, that John knew he'd never loose him, not for anything.
John's hands wandered swiftly while his partners' attentions were diverted and swiped a hand over Sherlock's weeping head, drawing a strangled cry and John watched the worlds only consulting detective begin to loose his control right in front of his eyes.
The journey home was slow going, but Sherlock had been right, every Taxi they saw was crawling along the icy roads at a pace almost slower than the two men were walking. Not to mention the fact that John had yet to see an empty one.
"I'm yours, Sherlock" John promised, whispered, once he'd smoothed the wound with his tongue, "and you're mine".
He glanced at the paperwork and decided enough was enough. If anyone asked, he'd blame it on the shock of Sherlock Holmes giving Christmas presents, and DI Dimmock defied anyone to argue with him.
Wet dexterous tongue, and spit slicked fingers had Sherlock's long legs trembling as John prepared him, revelling in listening for any minuscule sounds his lover made, and it wasn't long before he was slowly driving in and out of the warm pliable body, desperately begging Sherlock for the tiny whimpers, and almost smothered gasps the slow burning build up was drawing from him; their climaxes left them panting, sweat-soaked and limp.
Eventually, in pure desperation, he added ten of each type to his trolley, and was glad for his 'Christmas Bonus' that would go in his bank later in the month. If he was exceptionally lucky, he may even get the consulting detective sitting at home to eat something tonight, but he wasn't holding his breath.
John shot him a look and the detective stopped talking again, with a sigh, waving an imperious hand for his flatmate to explain, which he did with a smile.
Sherlock huffed but kept quiet as John guided them up a shallow slope that levelled out slowly. Everything was unnaturally quiet for London, the constant buzz of the city was still there but there were no nearby footsteps and all traffic noise was faint and rather muted.
It wasn't much, but it was the best he could do, and as he heard the shower turn off, John simply returned his attention the the rest of the shopping. His phone beeped a moment before Sherlock entered the living room, dressed, with his hair still damp and the Doctor ignored whatever the message was to study the other man's expression as he stared at the fruit on the coffee table.
John shivered but it wasn't the cold evening air, it wasn't even the long smooth fingers wrapped around his hand, or the thought that mere hours earlier they'd been wrapped around another part of him, dragging mewls and panted cries from his throat. No, what caused him to shiver was pure hard terror. He was certain Mummy-Holmes was lovely, but he was just as certain that if she didn't like him, Mycroft could have him vanishing within hours.
John tensed unwillingly, and saw red. With a dark scowl of his own that he usually saved for unruly army recruits, he leant over Sherlock and pulled the man's chin round to stare into his steel grey eyes.
"I was thinking that I'd like to fuck you right here..." that velvet voice purred, and John felt a shiver travel down his spine as his lover prowled towards him, pressing him into the support and kissing him till they were both panting with little to no chance of catching their breath.
At least that's what he'd told himself before he'd planned this surprise, and proceeded to research the best way to make Christmas dinner.
The weary detective looked up at Sherlock's whine in time to see the doctor close his eyes with a sigh,
"You're tired, Sherlock, you said so yourself, so I suggest you go to sleep", not caring if Sherlock did as he said, John made the most of the extra rest at his flatmate's expense, and drifted into a light sleep of his own.
By the time John hung up the phone and turned his, once again stern, eyes back to Sherlock; the consulting detective was sulking against the back of the sofa.
Eight... well the photographer could only be one of Mycroft's people now, only they would have come into the flat and photographed the whole fridge filled with milk. They were still over run with the stuff now.
"Do you know what he's done? Any idea what Mycroft's decided to throw at us... at you! I could kill him, in fact I think I will-"
"I may have deleted the text message he sent you, I thought I could talk him out of us having to go."
As soon as John groaned, and surrendered, letting his hands slide up Sherlock's body instead of gripping, the consulting detective let John's hair slide through his fingers, and he delved into his lovers trousers, finding the man already hard.
The doctor spotted a flash of surprise and recognition before Sherlock smiled lightly, and sent an impressed glance at John, waiting for the shorter man to lead the way. Their fingers entwined gently, and they moved across the ice covered ground carefully together, both sighing as they walked into the wall of warm air radiating from the opera house.
Sherlock was studying him intently when John finally came back to himself, and he was suddenly determined to wipe the smug smile from his partners face. A firm jerk of his hips, had Sherlock's focus thrown and a wave of pleasure cross his currently unguarded features as John sat them both up slowly, arms wrapped round Sherlock as he nibbled Sherlock's ear, and waiting for the shiver he knew would come from the action.
"Wha... What?" Sherlock managed to squeak as John snatched the book he'd been reading from the detectives' hands, marking the page and dropping it unceremoniously on the coffee table.
The front door shut behind John and Sherlock leapt into action. Contrary to popular belief Sherlock could cook when he wanted to. It was just like any other science experiment after all. What prevented him from cooking well, and produced black sausages, mush instead of beans on toasts, and convinced the man that's the way it should be, was nothing more than boredom, lack of experience because everyone knows that food at home is completely different from food when eating out, and a perchance to want to experiment with the cooking process.
Pure, untouchable, silence descended over 221B Baker Street, and John was pleased to note that Sherlock looked as shell-shocked as John felt that those words had come from his mouth.
Although Sherlock had covered it with biting comments and scornful remarks, his high praise of John Watson's work spoke absolute volumes to Mycroft; Added to the fact that he was offering his partner's services to his brother, spoke of a gift more heartfelt than anything shared between them in longer than the older man cared to admit.
It was going to be a very long day. Sometimes John could just tell. Sometimes he would wake up to the fizz of an experiment gone wrong, or just that feeling of something slimy crawling up his spine that told him the day was going to be long and troublesome.
"It's not fair" Sherlock hissed, his voice growing softer as his forehead began to rest against John's shoulder, "What right does he have to decide my life for me? To say that... that..."
Sherlock kept up a continuous stream of information on the origins and plans that went into each float, and John was grinning and more than once telling his lover just how amazing his deductions were. Every compliment was followed up by that semi-surprised and partially disbelieving pause that John relished and hated, and neither of them could feel the cold seeping into their bodies as they stood wrapped in each other.
Nothing immediately caught his notice, nothing out of the ordinary, but he stayed where John had placed him, the Doctors chin resting on his head and slowly, their breathing began to echo each others. Sherlock slowly began to realise that John was opening up over something, something important, something Sherlock couldn't put his finger on yet, but he trusted John and would let himself be show in the Doctors own way.
"Worried you'd steal files more like..." John muttered, moving to the kitchen to make up the biggest mug of tea he could manage, knowing that Sherlock would be absorbed for a little while at least. In the time it took John to make them both tea and return to the living room, Sherlock was pulling on his coat
The ice-cream the doctor had just placed on Sherlock's stomach drew shivers, but John was determined, encircling the scoop with spray-cream to stop it melting onto the bed, and drizzling chocolate sauce over the top, swirling some round Sherlock's nipples, before dropping everything to the floor and slowly swirling his tongue round the tip of the detective's heavy, weeping cock, and watching the man draw a shuddering breath, tugging at his restraints. John was already balls deep in Sherlock's ass and when he shifted his hips, rocking slowly, and supplying the detective with small tremors of sensation; He couldn't stop a loud groan in response to his lovers weak yet desperate whines around that bright red cherry.
"I did lie a little bit" John murmured softly, and he felt Sherlock still against him, and smiled "about your annoying habits? Well I wouldn't mind if you cleaned up after your experiments every once in a while."
John raised his eyes from studying the dark red burn on the mans left hand and the plumber shrugged, his overalls shifting at the movement.
Sharon Swann's profession as a private investigator meant that she had the contacts to know which shops to hit, when and how to bypass their security systems, it also meant she knew exactly when she became a suspect, and when they were coming for her. The warehouse that she used for offices had been set up like some kind of minefield; furniture piled up as obstacles, acid on door handles, and tripwires connected to various dangerous projectiles. Even Sherlock had to admit that they wouldn't have made it through without John's expertise in navigating a different type of minefield in the Afghan Deserts. Miss Swann, however, did not take kindly to being cornered, her diversions and traps bypassed, and much to Sherlock's exasperation, the woman pulled a gun on the two men as they entered her main office.
Sally could have screamed, but she refrained, managing simply to grit her teeth and set the cream aside. It was ridiculously expensive, and she would be damned if she was going to throw it away to spite Sherlock Holmes.
He asked softly as he moved back to his desk and opened up the mans files on the computer system, indicating the Mr Lewis should take a seat.
The shorter man chuckled, but Sherlock merely stayed silent, his glare darkening as John shook his head.
John frowned, and finally looked back at Sherlock, "Us, of course" The lift doors opened and he strode out, his back straight, and meeting every eye in the foyer, not bothering to wait for Sherlock to gather his wits. Sherlock would follow, the same way he would always follow Sherlock.
Sherlock, sitting on the sofa, watching TV, with a pear sitting right in front of his mouth. The first line of the poem was neatly penned in John's hand writing on the blank page to the left of the photograph, and he studied the page for a moment before moving on.
Sherlock was still at Scotland Yard when John got back from the local French farmers market with half a dozen freshly laid eggs. Yes, they cost a small fortune, and yes it was going to be worth every penny when he told Sherlock what exactly went into eggnog. The only other thing the doctor had needed to pick up was a small bottle of rum, and he swiftly set about cooking so that by the time his partner actually arrived home, there would be no evidence of egg anywhere. John laughed to himself softly. He'd invite Mrs Hudson up for a small Christmas drink too, that would make three after all, and fulfil the 3 French hens line of the poem.
"Well, I knew if something I did tipped you off and you went looking, you wouldn't expect me to book the table under your name."
The only moment where the evening looked like it might head south was when Angelo tried putting a candle on their table, and after a brief argument, the doctor managed to convince the restaurant owner to remove the candle, and he'd let the man waive the price of the meal.
"There must be! He would keep the mementoes at home so he could look at them, relive the experience through them!"
Guns had been fired, and Sherlock had ended up with his arm in a sling. The other man would never be able to walk again though, and John had discovered that the budding relationship between himself and the world's only consulting detective had made him markedly more protective of his new lover, his partner.
When the man, Sherlock had borrowed to send his Christmas presents, returned to Mycroft's office, he carried one more, large box and placed it on Mycroft's desk with a soft "sir".
He must have looked worse than he'd thought because no sooner had he accosted an officer to photocopy the files for him, than they were being pushed back into his hands, along with a cup of Police strength coffee.
The consulting detective almost sighed as he looked up from his book, turning his now undivided attention on the ex-army doctor
Sherlock had faced criticism, and jealousy, and taunting his entire life, but what he wasn't used to was hearing the Yarders turning that kind acidity on John and it wasn't taking long for it to wear through his patience, not that he had much of it to begin with.
Neither became gentle, and every movement was a battle, vicious, nails and teeth and pinching fingers and fistfuls of hair. Clothes were torn apart and ripped from bodies, and Sherlock lifted John onto the counter, stepping between the man's legs before John could aim an accurate kick.
Soft kisses along the back of his neck, brushing curls of hair out of the way as a soft mouth danced across his skin drew a small shiver from Sherlock and he relaxed more fully against his lovers thighs even as a hint of moist tongue dragged across he shell of his ear.
John had a sudden rush of worry that Sherlock was angry that he'd solved it, but then the taller man glanced back at him and the heat in his gaze drove the thoughts from the doctors' mind. He'd dismissed Lestrade quickly, and wasted no time in tugging John outside to hail down a cab.
Sherlock nodded, his decision made, and flung his coat and outer wear onto the coat pegs in the hall before moving into the kitchen. John shut his eyes with a small sigh, listening to the thundering silence when Sherlock opened the fridge to begin his next experiment. His lover's reaction just about summed up the whole situation, John decided when he heard a soft "ah..." echo through from the kitchen.
"'e's not gonna be sick is 'e?" came the gruff voice that identified John's chosen transport as a London cab
For the first time in two months, since the start of their budding relationship, John slept in the bedroom that he rented from Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock frowned, and his frame tensed until John smoothed his hands down the silky skin of Sherlock's back where they had snuck beneath his shirt.
He'd not fooled him, no chance of that, but his lover had conceded the point, and John considered that a win every time. He treated the detective to a beaming smile and the man rolled his eyes but stopped sulking, turning the T.V on and continued munching on the fruit as John opened his text message, still smiling.
"I noticed you bough a longer coat, and it suited you, but it's been ridiculously cold this year so-"
The sound of the worlds only consulting detective begging, lost John his control, hips snapped forward harshly.
DI Dimmock had a mountain of paperwork and a strong desire to go home to his pregnant wife, leaving said irritating paperwork till after the holidays. It was Christmas Eve after all; he shouldn't still be working at six twenty pm.
When John could finally see straight again, they were still in the same positions; Sherlock pinning him to the door, John holding himself upright on his lovers shoulders, and Sherlock beaming at him like a contented cat, and John had to huff a laugh before loosening his grip and leaning down to thoroughly kiss the other man senseless. He was the one who felt boneless after all.
