“I see,” Mycroft said, absently. “Thank you, Mr Elliot, and I won't forget your kindness in opening the lab to my brother's use.”
* * *
“Oh, come off it, he wasn't that bad!” John laughed.
“He's a very difficult young man. We try, Mr Holmes. He managed to drive off every one of the boys that occupied the rooms next to his. We tried to offer a violin tutor,” Mr Elliot sighed.
So, there he was, again, heading to the Headmaster's office for exactly the thirteenth time that year, to listen to some lecture he was going to delete soon after anyway.
"Holmes-normal," Sherlock smiled.
]  anytime about your stories, I know it's quite annoying not to have anyone to read your things before you publish, or to just plot together. And I love doing that!)
John snorted. "I wonder why!"
“Well, I suppose one of them must have been a genius too. Two people can't produce a Sherlock and a Mycroft out of thin air!”
Sherlock wasn't used to it; he was used to being alone. And even if John pitied him for being alone through adolescence and twenties, Sherlock hadn't mind that much.
Sherlock joined him gladly. “Well, where was I supposed to put it? Next time I'll put it in your bed!”
(See the end of the chapter for
John closed the door and sat on the bed for a moment. He was still trying to suppress his anger after discovering the truth about Sebastian Wilkes. He tried very hard not to let his imagination come up with scenarios in which Sherlock might have been so high that he wouldn't be able the defend himself from anything. He tried very hard not to think about rape, and he tried even harder not to think about the helplessness that Sherlock might have felt after regaining his senses.
"You never asked."
“Ah, okay then, what was his name?”
“Quite, mostly because when you try to correct him, he's actually right,” Mycroft said.
“Sherrinford,” Sherlock answered, trying not to giggle. “He was a very old cat, my mother had him since before marrying my father.”
. “I know you think that I'm useless, but you can't even remember to eat. And you do need more medical care than the average person,” John joked. Sherlock seemed almost hurt and John didn't know what to make of that. “I know you're not average,” he rolled his eyes.
Twenty minutes later, Sherlock finally got in the car.
She ruffled his wild dark curls – another trait they both shared – and stood up, pulling him with her gently. “Ready? Let's go, then. Give me a kiss. Now come on, little man.”
"The simple idea of you being a baby somewhere in time
“John, I'm not an idiot. I wouldn't put myself in risk of cerebral bleeding!”
What Sherlock did not tell John was that he and Mrs. Hudson were the people who reminded him most of his mum, the only people who knew him and tried to respect what he was; they weren’t demanding and they didn’t make fun of him. Sherlock would not say that to John, but it was true. Sherlock had to wait for nearly thirty years to be able to be himself around someone again. Having John living in Baker Street was the most freeing thing that had ever happened to him since those nights when he would sit on the trunk and talk to his mother about his insects and plants.
I have to thank
"How do you know all this?" John asked. "I don't imagine you and your brother having a drunk chat about that day."
“They aren't signed,” John said, now perusing through the notebook shamelessly.
“Ah,” John said. Of course. Of course he would save her.
“Why on Earth would you do that?”
, probably.
But now he was afraid. Afraid of not being able to restore the corridors and rooms of his Mind Palace, afraid of losing the memories he had had the trouble to keep hidden, but safe.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Any friends?” John asked, fearing the answer. Not that he could demand anything. He had been a Rugby player, had plenty of friends in school. He couldn't imagine any teenager capable of understanding and dealing with Sherlock.
As always, I have to thank my fantastic beta
“Mr. Elliot, three years ago, you told me you'd be delighted to have a Holmes between your pupils,” Mycroft interjected.
“He is,” Mycroft said, with an impatient sigh that clearly meant
* * *
John didn't know what to make of that
“You know, Mycroft made a great job defending you. Not that I don't sympathize with the Headmaster. I know dealing with you and your brother can be quite traumatizing,” John laughed. “I'll probably have Holmes-induced PTSD when I get old.”
When Sherlock received the news about the accident that had killed his parents, he went very quiet and didn't speak for days. And the reason why he could, at least, have some days of peace and quiet was because hours before that, Mycroft had had a totally different reaction.
. "Indeed."
John rolled his eyes.
“Don't be ridiculous. You're still going to be dealing with a Holmes when you get old,” Sherlock said dismissively.
Really, what could he text the poor girl? He had to call her.
When John snapped from his thoughts, Sherlock was looking at him with an amused expression. "What is it?" John asked.
Mummy approached him, still smiling and helped him with his little bow tie. Sherlock had always hated ties, and he always told his mother that he would never wear ties when he was a grown up. It was a matter of the greatest importance for him to tell everyone that ties were silly things and that he was always displeased to wear them.
I've never published a story like this, it's thrilling to know you're waiting. I hope you're not disappointed, and that you enjoy this chapter!
Mycroft smiled a thin smile. People could be surprised by a three-year-old deducting his older brother's behaviour, but other people weren't siblings of Sherlock Holmes. “So where is it then?”
Sherlock managed to get some distance from the door, and leaned on the wall, waiting for Mycroft to bore him to death.
read your thoughts, right?" John thought about it for a moment. The name was familiar. Maybe a case. Oh. "That arrogant bastard from the Blind Banker case? What about him?"
It would have been be useless, anyway. How could he have a date while Sherlock was in hospital, sleeping alone in an unfamiliar room, and risking him waking up disorientated, calling for John? That wouldn't do. He was just sparing Katherine the embarrassment of being left behind in a restaurant when someone called him saying that Sherlock was awake.
Here's where the story really begins. Flashbacks and memorabilia for you. (:
"Me? Oh, let me guess: Hardly your fault if I wasn't at home when you decided to talk to me."
"Sorry."
. This work is basically my thought about young Sherlock, and I made some clear references to it. So, if you haven't read it yet, you must correct that mistake soon!
"Something like that," Sherlock answered, peering at the photos, with his face blank. If John didn't knew better, he would think that Sherlock wasn't at all affected. But he did. "I used to hear my father tell us about the Holmeses and that was the only way I had to make my own observations. I tried to get blood samples, but they said I was too young to examine them. Idiots," Sherlock complained.
From the other side of the door, Sherlock snorted. Why would he make things easier by playing soothing melodies on his violin if he could simply drive everybody mad with awful noises at three in the morning?
, he could finally breathe.
“Listen, Kat! You're not listening! You're right about priorities, he is my priority, I'm sorry if I didn't tell you before. But it should've been obvious-” Yep. Just like that, Kat finally gave up.
. It was something that he had deduced long ago.
Sherlock sighed deeply, running his fingers through the clipping. "Yes. I think that was the day my brother decided he was going to control all the cameras he could," he said simply, and John knew that he was not joking.
“I know,” he said while trapping the poor ants in a jar. “He's a silly cat. I like him,” he smiled his biggest smile that lightened his eyes.
It took some time for him to realize that he was browsing through something without its owner's consent. When he looked up, Sherlock was watching him closely, with an amused expression on his face. “Sorry, these are very good. Are these yours?”
The eye of the hurricane that was his mind most of the time.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and slipped off the room, but couldn't resist the urge to listen to end of that remarkable conversation.
John felt like he was invading his friend's privacy, since he was having a conversation more with himself than with John. The doctor stood up and carried the tray of tea to the kitchen. He would give Sherlock some private time and make more tea.
After so much time running through London, chasing criminals and being completely unobservant of his own well-being; it wasn’t a surprise that Sherlock Holmes would get a serious injury.
“So you know where is it?” Mycroft asked.
"I did examined them when I was ten, though," Sherlock smiled. "I already had a partial lab in the house."
“Myc! This is a
“Oh, I see,” Mycroft sighed. “He's been tricking you to think he can't play the violin for three years.” Mycroft sounded bored. “I imagine that it must be quite an effort for him, since he's been playing beautifully since he was seven, and composing since he was ten. It's one of the few things he loves to do.”
Well, poor Katherine. John could only laugh. Surely it was some kind of intervention from God. John would be better off just leaving the poor girl alone. He should feel more concerned about how easy it was for him to spend a month cancelling dates, but he was only feeling guilty about the girl. She was such a nice person, and he hoped she would find someone who at least would give her some time.
That was another short chapter, I suck in dividing the story, guys, I'm sorry. I hope you're not too disappointed! I think the next one will be longer, anyway! (:
Collecting coins from all over the world always helped Mycroft to maintain his eyes on the future. He would be like his father and have meetings with all the most important people from all the most important countries. Siger Holmes, the head of the Holmes family, never once forgot to bring home the shiniest and most exotic coins he could find around the world.
I like to plot a lot, so if any of you ever need someone to talk about some story of yours, I'll be glad to help, no matter what. (Seriously, you can save my profile and message me [or you can try my tumblr -
Sherlock was a difficult man – no doubt there – but extraordinary, and John didn't know how to deal with the idea of someone trying to hurt him.
, and his favourite one, ‘
. In John’s opinion, those people could just sod off, because he was a grown-up, thank you very much, and Sherlock didn't do anything that John didn't let him do.
"Memories," John concluded and Sherlock nodded. "That's why you are confused. I'm sorry if the trunk wasn't the best idea. We can send it back."
Well, Sherlock had to agree with his brother on that. He was probably the most brilliant one out of all of them, but Mycroft would never admit that. Sherlock smirked. He heard Mr Elliot sigh and his brother tap the umbrella on the floor.
"Oh shut up, you git."
John should be offended, but he hadn’t been a Captain in the army for nothing. He could only grin at the sulking detective and think of a million ways to be even more annoying. “Yes, but those doctors aren't really your doctors, are they? Guess who is your doctor? Me. I also happen to live with you and I plan making your life a living hell if you don't sit up right now and drink your bloody tea. And today you're eating lunch,” he said, smirking. “Be nice to your friend - who also happens to be your doctor - if you don't want Lestrade to ban you from crime scenes for the next month,” he finished, already going back to the kitchen.
"I mean that you aren't just helping. You were curious, I can see that now you're running theories about me and my brother through that slow head of yours. This I understand." Sherlock turned and sat himself with his back to the arm of the sofa, facing John, alarmingly close. "But it's not only that – no, it's not just curiosity, or you would have asked me before. You really care. Well, you care about everything, I know that much, it's obvious. Caretaker, Soldier, doctor- all of that is clear and obvious. But this
“Don't be an idiot, he was a cat, he was not my brother. Although, I do like him better than I like Mycroft, despite the fact that he is, in fact, a cat that has been dead for almost thirty years,” Sherlock said.
"Yes, that
. He wanted to hurt every single one of them back, even if he had to die doing this. Moriarty and the pool had been enough to prove this to him and to Sherlock.
"I understand," John said. And he did. John could understand that memories weren't just facts jammed in Sherlock's brain like all the scientific and practical data he had. When they were revealed, they revealed not only the facts that had happened, but also all the emotions included. And John knew Sherlock wasn't good at that.
“Bullies?” John asked, because he couldn't not ask. Yes, ‘healer', he didn't bother denying his protectiveness concerning Sherlock.
“Oh hell, again with the head?!”
him. But love was never one of them, and he had never felt any shred of guilt about the way he had treated him. For many motives. But first, and most important, because he really didn't believe such thing as love existed. He really didn't. For him, it was all an invention that ordinary people would hold on to in order to escape their pathetic lives.
pain? Feeling nauseous?” John asked, while feeling Sherlock's pulse. “Don't close your eyes.”
Katherine probably wouldn’t last long because they weren't seeing each other. If John was honest with himself, he knew that that would be their last date. He should probably be worried, but he had a consulting detective to look after; he didn't have the time.
” Mycroft helped.
Sherlock smirked. "You've got questions."
"Of course not!" Sherlock scowled. "I spied on him while he used my father's office to plan the funeral. The rest was deductible."
The touchstone.
John sat there for a while. "I think I understand..."
Sherlock looked at John as if he were contemplating it.
"Okay," John said, because he really didn't know how to answer such an outburst. It wasn't unlike Sherlock to have such a reaction, he was always shouting and being dramatic with his coat swirling around, but that was completely different. He was admitting something important and John suddenly felt a bit overwhelmed by that.
“Oh, God, I fucking hate your brother!” John snapped, yanking the needles, the syringe and the cocaine from the box.
. This Sherlock didn't say.
John could understand the feeling; it made him feel more comfortable. "Yeah. I'd chase down all of those bullies," and snorted, without worrying to sound ridiculous.
How could he?
“I'm fine,” Sherlock said, trying to calm his own thoughts, concentrating on the warmth of John's hand.
smarter. It's a fact. And if you don't know this after three years, you really aren't doing your job,” Mycroft said while tapping his umbrella on the floor. “I know you like to sell the idea of challenging the young pupils, but my brother is the greatest challenge you'll ever have.”
John noticed something and went back through the photos he had already seen, flicking through the pages and peeking at the clipping Sherlock had in his hand.
“Goodnight, Sherlock. Try to come up with new plans to murder Anderson and get away with it or something,” John said, already going upstairs.
) at the same time. It's simply impossible. It's basic physics. How can he be with a girlfriend when Sherlock would occupy every single second of his time? – and honestly, it didn't bother him as much as he reckoned it should. Normally John would be cross about Sherlock driving him away and shutting him out, and not about the other way around. Well, he chose not to think about this very much. Things are the way they are. And John is a man of action, not a philosopher, for Christ's sake.
John couldn't shake these thoughts easily. He knew he had grown quite protective of Sherlock, that wasn't news to him, nor to Sherlock himself, but he often felt surprised with how ill those kind of things made him feel.
all that hundred of crimes were and how he had solved them in one afternoon. John's smirk turned into a full grin while he watched Sherlock eating without any complaint. Out of nowhere, Sherlock spoke.
“Well, your brother has been telling us for three years that he is smarter than everyone in Harrow, and if he continues to act like that it won't make our jobs easy,” the nervous man replied.
“Was he a prick?” John asked.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John. “Why?”
Mycroft went to sleep that night asking himself if he was a bad person for wishing his parents' bodies had just disappeared in the sea. After fidgeting in his bed for a while, he decided he didn't give a damn if he was a bad person, he really wished that.
John stopped, dumbfounded.
He couldn't rewind any of the things that stupid wooden trunk was making him relive.
"No, I didn't. I've never remembered enough to be deleted," he answered, surprisingly quietly.
Sherlock had said it himself:
He was trying not to shiver. He was basically an orphan, in charge of an eleven-year-old boy, soaked and miserable. And he didn't quite remember the name of that Great-Uncle who was coming from France.
“Sherlock!” Mummy tried to give him a severe look. She not always managed. The truth was that Mummy was the only one who would understand her son. She knew she should not encourage such behaviour, but what could anyone expect of a child with a brain like his?
Sherlock scowled. “Mycroft went to Eton, he is the posh one. I was the first Holmes in a very long time who didn't go there. I didn't even want to go to boarding school, but after my parents died, Mycroft didn't know what to do with me, and I had to stay within his reach, so he let me choose between Eton and Harrow. They were very proud of having a Holmes amongst their pupils. At least for the first week,” he snorted.
“Oh for Fuck's sake!”
John didn't miss the hidden meaning of that sentence. Sherlock was an addict. What did that tell about Mycroft? John wouldn't ask. He sighed. “Heroes don't exist.”John would never forget those lines.
John wished he could answer, but he couldn't. Of course it mattered. This was as near as anyone could get to Sherlock, to make him think before doing something stupid. Sherlock was right – of course he was – John would never believe him if he said he wouldn't do it. John knew he would, that he wouldn't give up on anything because of anyone, that he only followed his own brain. John had learned to accept that. Sherlock was who he was and John wasn't sure he could give up on any of the parts attached to the mad bastard.
Sherlock looked at him as if he had grown another had. "Of course I know. But you're missing the point!"
John frowned. "Thanks?"
Really, pyjamas, socks and tea. Who cares about going out anyway? “Yes- He has memory loss! Yes, it was probably his fault. Listen-” John sighed. It was surprising that he managed to control his anger. If Kat only knew of his rows with the chip and pin machine, she would just shut up and hung up on him.
"No, I would have done that," Sherlock snorted.
jealous of me with Irene."
After hanging up with the insufferably slow solicitor, and after knowing that, indeed, he was the one in charge of Sherlock,
“He was silent, he ran around after you while you did your mad things, he accepted your experiments, which by the way, I would like best if they were still about plants and bugs. Sherrinford wouldn't like the head in the fridge, I'm sure,” John giggled.
“You are trying to make my brother fit on your normal schedules and rules. That would be ideal, Mr Elliot, but we don't live in an ideal world, do we? He's bored. He's been reading these books since he was six years old. This is being a Holmes. I'm afraid you ended up with the most difficult one of us, but that's an opportunity to do your job, since he is one of the most brilliant also.”
When he arrived at his family house with the news, of course Sherlock was already aware that something had happened. He wasn't a Holmes for nothing, and he wasn't Sherlock Holmes for less than being able to deduce that some tragedy had happened. Mycroft could read the disappointment in his strange eyes. If he was alive, the tragedy was about their parents. Mycroft could understand the feeling.
“Oh, try me, Sherlock Holmes. Just bloody try me.”
At least he didn't until a certain consulting detective winked at him one afternoon and changed everything. Sherlock always made everybody feel helpless. It was inevitable. Nobody was in his league, it was a fact. But John had never liked it. He didn't like being left behind on crime scenes, or when Sherlock chased criminals by himself. But there was nothing that could make him feel more helpless than the cocaine. John was already too far from Sherlock's mind to risk letting it get in the way. The very thought of that brilliant man finding himself helpless because of chemicals made John shiver.
John rolled his eyes. "I mean... There wasn't a fight, he didn't stomp your toys when you were a kid, he didn't try to murder you in your sleep when you're a baby-"
“What?”
Sherlock shook his head.
John didn't know these things only as a doctor, but also from his own experience with gambling and with the way he avoided cards to that very day. He knew as a son and brother of chronic alcoholics, and as a friend who had watched too many of his own brothers in arms destroying their own bodies with alcohol to get through the memories of the war.
Before he could open the car's door, Sherlock interjected him, tapping the umbrella on the floor of the car and offering it to him. The rain had stopped, but he took it. Still no words.
The kind of sentiment which that trunk would probably drown him in.
Sherlock let the issue go. He didn't know what to make of John's reaction. “Are you going to bed with me? People might talk,” Sherlock smirked.
It's ending guys! It's thrilling and kind of sad, but let's get on with it!
As ever, I must thank my
John arched his eyebrows and smiled despite himself. "Now who's stupid?"
"Yeah, I know you think it is," the doctor said. "But I won't think twice if I see him again," he sighed quietly, not confessing anything, just stating the obvious.
– to find out.
“Don't give me that. He did something nice, even if he has his creepy ways. And he is very creepy,” John snorted. “Are you going to explain it someday? I'm really curious.”
Thank you so much for subscribing, and for the kudos!
But then John happened.
Sherlock ran his eyes through the paper and smiled to himself before quickly trying to sound annoyed. “Mycroft definitely chose the things in this trunk, the fat bastard.”
For the first time, John felt relieved that Sherlock was able to delete things. Not because things were useless –
Friend!
He was definitely the same brilliant bastard, deducing the nurse's affair and the hospital doctor's recent trip to Hawaii for a
. You never asked me about our acquaintance. Why?"
“I beg your pardon,” Mr Elliot interjected, startled.
“Damn it, John, it doesn't matter!” Sherlock shouted. “I can take care of myself now.”
“I am a sociopath, this shouldn't be news to you.” Sherlock insisted.
That stupid guilt was aching in his head, his own thoughts telling him that maybe – just maybe – if Victor had felt anything near what John and Sherlock shared as friends, or what Sherlock felt for John and never admitted; he hadn't deserved what Sherlock had done.
“You and your brother,” John answered. “The simple idea of childish feud doesn't seem enough to explain you two. And I can't imagine a normal motive for your bickering.” And John really didn't. If something could be said about the Holmes brothers, it was that they weren't normal. How the British Government and the world's only Consulting Detective could possibly have any normal sibling relationship? The very idea sounded unreal.
John raised an eyebrow. “Do I want to know how you know that?”
John snorted. “Yeah, I figured. It happens.”
,” he said the last word as if they were some sugar-free tea.
“Oh!” Sherlock exclaimed. “Brilliant, John!”
“I don't have the faintest idea of what you're talking about.”
Sherlock smiled, surprisingly shy. “If one likes odd eyes, I suppose.”
Sherlock couldn't explain exactly what was wrong with him. And for him to admit that would be similar to the end of the world. How could he not know something? It was maddening, really.
Little Sherlock stood outside his parents' bedroom. He had the habit of peeking while his mother got ready for the parties their parents organized. He had always liked to see her combing her hair and applying make up. Her smiling gray eyes were even more beautiful in those days.
(This last bit is in italics because it's something Sherlock is remembering only. He didn't tell John about it.)
. “Okay, let's see, then,” he said, and the two of them went back to their places on the sofa. John started feeling some items inside the trunk. He picked a small wooden box. “Do you want me to open it?”
“Well, I hope you’re very happy together!”
? Wow. Not what I thought, not what I expected at all,” John said seeming genuinely surprised.
The body was, indeed, transport, but sex could be good, and that Sherlock could understand – despite of normally preferring not to risk it – but love and emotions had never fitted on Sherlock's schedule. Why let some chemical reactions make him feel like a slave of someone? He had the cocaine, and he used it to feed his mind. He didn't need anything else.
"No, it's not fine!" Sherlock exclaimed, while tugging at his own hair slightly. "You have to know that. Don't you ever think that again!" And his tone wasn't light. It was more like a command than any sort of declaration. "I know I'd be dead without you by now, I'm not stupid!"
“Mycroft grew up to be a controlling bastard,” Sherlock scowled. “And of course you've always wanted to be the hero. Normally the weakest link of a broken home ends up being the addict and the strongest ends up being the hero. You and Harry are pretty obvious.”
Mycroft knew that that would be his life from then on. Everybody would have something to say to the nineteen-year-old who was still going to University and was now in charge of a child. Everybody would have some lovely advice about how to raise a boy. Of course no one had the faintest idea about how to raise a Holmes boy. But Mycroft knew it was his job –
"Well, you should be here all the time," he said, impatiently.
...," he paused, as if he didn't know what to make of the word, "... for
John continued to flick through the photographs on the scrapbook, and noticed that there were notes written around each of one of them. Sherlock had been making observations about the family's traits, observing the changes in his and Mycroft's features, as well as in their parent's.
“But they hit you!”
"But who started the collection of Christmas photos for you? I know you're a genius, but you couldn't have started this, since in the first one your mother is still pregnant."
John looked startled at Sherlock. He tried to suppress the urge to a) have an outburst worthy of a Holmes, b) laugh until his jaw hurt, c) cry until his eyes bleed. He was already relieved, thinking that he wouldn't have to answer when Sherlock spoke again.
“Oi!” John slapped Sherlock's shoulder, snapping Sherlock out of his contemplation. “That was not what I meant, and you know it! I just thought she would have been a scientist, a biochemist, or something. And then there's Mycroft! Mycroft's mother was an artist... Sorry if I was surprised!” John giggled, and Sherlock tried very hard not to laugh with him. He didn't quite manage.
clue!” Three-year-old Sherlock whined sitting on the floor, beside the Christmas tree.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
point
Sherlock snorted, but didn't tear his gaze from John's face. The scrutiny was so familiar to John that he constantly asked himself if he was the nutter for feeling soothed under it. When Sherlock spoke again, his voice was low and intimate.
The synchronized giggles filled the flat. And John couldn't help the warmth in his chest at the look of adoration Sherlock was giving him.
“Mm-hm,” Mycroft let out a dubious sound.
John knew exactly why:
"How old were you?"
. “Up, come on,” he said, choosing not to have a useless argument about the place of the head, and grabbed Sherlock by the arm. He examined the healing scar and seemed satisfied. Looking at the still closed trunk, he frowned. “Why haven't you opened it yet? It's going to help you to be less confused.”
The little boy rolled his eyes, petulantly. “It's in the library! It's where all the pirates from the books are,” he said, already turning in his heels.
What John was thinking?
"Normal for a posh family with two incredible intelligent and good-looking parents and two geniuses as sons, you mean?" John smiled. "Yeah, you look quite
"It's fine," Sherlock said, more collected than a minute before.
It wasn't something unexpected, really.
“For Goodness' sake, at least
"This is invasive," John said, without knowing what else to say. The photo showed the two boys – because even if Mycroft could already show all the signs of his omnipotence, that was what he really was – isolated from the other people present at the funeral. A detailed photo showed the mausoleum of the family. A black stone with neat golden letters said simply: Holmes.
“I hope you don't put my skull there someday,” John snorted.
He knew about caring now. Mycroft was right when he said it wasn't an advantage, maybe he was right and now he was part of the losing side, but the fact was that now he knew.
“No,” John mumbled under his breath. “I wouldn't.”
beta/britpicker/cheerleader
Mycroft could already imagine the look on Cousin Bernadette's face that would say 'Who does he think he is? He can't even make the boy use a proper garment'. He hated them all.
“I know, I read it in that book about mammals,” Sherlock was crouched, searching for a specific species of ants. “But he's old, he should be deaf by now,” he said, matter-of-factly.
Sherlock stopped abruptly, turning back and narrowing his little eyes in the direction of his brother. “It's not in the library,” he said suspiciously.
to lose with such
John laughed. “That’s what your brother said when I met him.”
- but because probably remembering it all with the scrutiny that was natural to him would be overwhelming.
Sherlock froze, staring at the box. That simple box was almost causing a short circuit in his Mind Palace. After a moment, he snatched the box from John and opened it.
“Of course, it's an honour.”
“I know it was the photo.” John said after a moment, making an effort to look at the detective, who seemed surprised. John snorted. “Just because you think I'm an idiot doesn't mean I'm actually stupid, you know. You wouldn't show such concern about the cocaine. It must be something you don't quite know how to deal with.”
“Look, you can always observe the guests, don't you like doing that?” She asked, he nodded. “But don't make people embarrassed, okay?”
"When Mycroft cut off my funds, I decided to blackmail Sebastian so I wouldn't have to pay for my supplies," the detective started. "I would have told you this much If you had asked me then. Maybe. Possibly. Probably not."
Mycroft knew normal children at his age were supposed to hate their younger siblings, but he also knew that normal rules didn't fit the Holmes family. The different phases of jealousy, the competition for the mother's attention, the dispute for presents were never part of his relationship with Sherlock.
"It means," he said, brushing a curl of the detective's forehead. He thought about how to complete the sentence, but he didn't know how to put into words everything that they've been through together, and everything they meant to each other. What did everything mean? How could he know? Some silly romantic part of his brain supplied several explanations that Sherlock would find nonsensical and outrageous. John couldn't explain with words.
"I know." Finally looking at Sherlock eyes, he asked: "Why are you telling me now?"
“John-”
John actually rolled his eyes and walked over Sherlock, offering one hand to help him stand up. "Can you think of any time that you needed my help and I refused to?"
“So, pirate. Was it only because of the puzzles?”
“Don't,” John said, rubbing his forehead with his right hand. Probably now that John knew that Sherlock was physically fine, his own body felt was the time to fail.
Some slightly uncomfortable memories for Sherlock ahead!
, one can only embarrass himself for a certain amount of time. “Leave it and tell me about the sword. Did you have a parrot?” John forced a smile. He'd be damned if he was going to let Irene spoil Sherlock's treatment. Once he was recovered he could travel the world looking for her and sod it.
“Stop that, you prat. It was a great gift; it's a nice little sword,” John said, examining the toy.
Frankly, it was all Mycroft's fault, it must've been all part of his fratricidal plan, to kill Sherlock slowly and painfully of boredom through that school.
“No,” Sherlock answered, without looking up. A long moment passed until he spoke again, John was already filing his mug with the hot water. “Not today,” Sherlock said with a weak voice and still without looking at John.
. John stood up, stretching his back.
What could he do now?
Sherlock nodded, accepting the mug. "I never really lose sight of you, you know."
“Right,” John said, ready to drop the subject. He knew better than to try to force any conversation with Sherlock.
“Good. That's exactly the issue here: your inability in dealing with a Holmes. The problem isn't his behaviour, as you're an experienced man and this is not the first rebellious teenager you've ever seen. It's the family trait you can't quite grasp. Sherlock has his particular way of joining this too.”
Sherlock actually smirked at that. That was so Mycroft, making the person in front of him think he agreed to something in such a way that he won't realize he hasn't until he had already signed all the papers.
"Dunno," John shrugged. "He is an arse, I didn't think you would tell me anything."
Sherlock was still with his eyes narrowed.
Sherlock knew he was physically fine, but his mind was such a mess, and John's touch was so soothing that he allowed himself to enjoy the attention he was getting. Just for a tiny split of second, he would look into those deep blue eyes and confirm that
She smiled. Of course her little genius had research to do. “I'm sorry, dear, you can't. But you just have to stay downstairs for a while, I'll stay with you as much as I can, okay?” She smiled at him fondly. She probably knew that Sherlock would do anything for her. Not because she asked, but because he liked being near her as much as he could.
Hey, guys, this is where our story ends! I hope you enjoy this last chapter. There will be so much fluff, your heart will ache!
Hey, guys!
“I'm going to bed. And you are going too,” John said, placing the wooden sword and the wooden box back inside the trunk and locking it.
“Actually,” Mycroft said, standing up and turning to his brother. “Wait for me outside.”
Sherlock took a deep breath.
– that Sherlock didn't say.
"Physical evidence can't be deleted," John said, very low, more to himself than to Sherlock, just to help his own thoughts. "Jesus...," he stood up, without having any clear idea of what to do. He was angry. He knew it was irrational, but he was angry. He knew that it wasn't about him, it was about Sherlock, something he was saying and that couldn't be easy, but John couldn't help the sudden reaction he was having. "I hope he never crosses my way again," he said, very calm and steady, looking through the window.
So that day the plan was Katherine. At least it was.
"I have to do this; I can't have my brain disorganized and risk being hit with sudden unwanted memories, John," Sherlock seemed quite small and afraid, and it made John's chest suddenly tight. "When I tell you it's easier, so if you could... help me..."
Sherlock snorted. “Mycroft.”
“Trouble in paradise?” he asked nonchalantly.
He knew none of those idiotic teachers liked being corrected in front of the pupils, but he just couldn't resist it.
to be jealous, John," he said, and John could feel Sherlock's smile and the warm brush of his breathing near his ear. "
. John took deep breaths and closed and opened his left hand several times. Before he could even react, he felt Sherlock's hand on his right one.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked miserable. And that alone was enough to make John worried. It was always a possibility that Sherlock could seem uninterested in opening the trunk because he thought it would be useless, but this was different. John knew Sherlock and that look on his face wasn't nonchalance, it was fear.
He couldn't have known anything about that kind of sentiment. He simply didn't know. And for Sherlock Holmes to admit that he didn't know something at any point in time was hard.
"Oh, please, as if you would dismiss the chance to spy on me to know if I'm eating or some dull thing like that," Sherlock replied.
“Mr Holmes, you can go back to your House, since your brother is here, I'll sign your reprimand and give it to him.”
Sherlock stood up and smiled, throwing himself on his back on the couch. "Well, there was that time you didn't want to observe the larvae of that queen bee in its cell with me," he pointed. He most definitely wasn't pouting.
Nobody would notice Mycroft had forgotten his umbrella.
Sherlock frowned. “Of course not. I liked him very much. I just wanted to observe. And I only kept his skull, the rest is buried on my family's garden.”
Sherlock snorted. “As if Mycroft could be the one judging my theatrics.”
, so humour would have to do. "Just when you talk to me when I'm not home."
This certainty helped him to learn his role as the older brother of young Sherlock Holmes, the child who couldn't understand his own great intelligence.
"Me what?"
The Holmes clenched their hands in tight fists, cleared their throats and kept walking.
“Well, since it seems he isn't going to give the thing up. But it's been three years that he's been trying to learn by himself, and he plays – or tries to play – at the most ungodly hours.”
"I hope that's not a title for a post on that inaccurate blog of yours", Sherlock shouted from the sofa.
"Yes, you do," John said, looking at his friend. "How long has it been since you last saw these?"
– Sherlock couldn't stand many of them. In fact, for some time, he couldn't stand anyone.
“That's exactly what I told him,” John said, laughing harder. At Sherlock amused expression, he explained. “I said 'Thank God you're above all that'.”
"What do you need?"
That day John thought better than to obey, though. He just knew.
John sighed and smiled fondly at Sherlock's expression. The poor thing was really at a loss. The doctor approached Sherlock and held his gaze.
.' All of them some distortion of the same old lines he had listened from Harry too many damn times.
“This is Sherlock being a Holmes and a teenager, Mr Elliot. As you can see, he is, in fact, the smartest boy between your pupils. You and his Tutor should probably think of better activities for him. My suggestion would be for you to open the lab for him to do his own particular experiments. There'll be always something for him to learn and I'm sure his Chemistry teacher can learn a lot from him.”
It wasn't until four years after the cat's death that Sherlock let himself cry. But then he had missed much more. Right after his parent's death and Mycroft's decision that he was going to Harrow, Sherlock let himself remember his memories from his house, his mother and the little Sherrinford. Sherlock was completely alone in the universe, without his parents, his house, his brother and his beloved cat.
. He's capable of having a friend. In fact,
“Please, Mr. Elliot. My brother
“Sit up, let me see your head,” John said, sitting on the coffee table.
But John could, really. Now he could imagine them perfectly. Nothing of the Christmas spirit, or the good natured speeches. One hundred percent of deductions, revelations, dying cat noises on the violin and the tap-tap-tap of that bloody umbrella on the floor. Well, John had to admit that he liked it better now. Anyway, the image of a Christmas dinner still sent shivers through his spine. John was sure Mummy Holmes would not be pleased.
Sherlock looked miserably at his trunk and shuddered. “I'm not sure about that.”
"Always," John said, smiling, despite of himself. "So, do you want to continue tomorrow?"
Mycroft had always detested legwork, but that day he really didn't know how to sit still.
John smiled, absorbing what he had just listened. He had not been prepared for that, but he thought that even in a million times he wouldn't have been. Nobody was ever prepared for Sherlock Holmes. John sat facing him. "That's... hm..." He paused, and changed what he was trying to say to something much simpler. "I won't. Well, you cured my limp, after all."
The second one was to call his family's solicitor to talk about Sherlock.
Again, I have to thank my amazing beta and britpicker
Sherlock stopped for a moment outside the Headmaster's office to put on his tie. Normally, he wouldn't be caught dead in the stupid thing, but he wasn't in the mood for one more lecture about proper uniform- that was just going to give him a brain tumour. But he was going to die fighting whoever tried to make him use that awful hat.
“About what?” Sherlock asked, confused.
On the day of the funeral, it rained. Of course it rained because sometimes life really can't be more obvious. But Mycroft wasn't obvious, so of course he didn't plan that. He was so focused on the list of relatives he had on his mind since the day before that he only noticed the sodding rain when he was half way to the car. And of course he didn't have an umbrella. Life wasn't fair. And of course the driver didn't really care if he was soaked when he got in the car and didn't turn on the heating. And Mycroft wouldn't admit that he needed it.
“So... Is this about the party?” she asked, and he nodded. “I know you don't like it, but it's something we have to do, okay? It's for Father's work,” she told him, patting his cheek. “I'm sure there will be other children too.”
John sighed. Sometimes he wished it was easier to talk to Sherlock about these sorts of things, but he wasn't the best in it, and Sherlock definitely was even worse. “I think we should put him on the mantle.”
“Listen!” John said, raising his voice, despite himself. “You're not listening. I already told you you're right, what do you want me to say?” John let her babble and changed his shirt for an old t-shirt.
you need them to do
“Always,” John said, trying to grin with a mouthful of biscuits. “So, let's get started, then. Is this trunk yours or Mycroft's?”
“What is it, darling? You look upset,” she told him, still looking at him from the mirror, with a smile that could easily brighten the whole of Sussex. “I'll finish up here and straighten your tie, okay?”
Sherlock smiled –
Violet smiled back. “I know, love, he likes you very much too.”
- And John wished now he had thrown a punch to wipe off that mocking expression from that bloke's face.
John rolled his eyes, but smiled. “Okay, ready to open it?” At Sherlock's nod, John opened the trunk with the key Mycroft had sent in an envelope. “I'll pick something,” he said while trying to feel the contents of the trunk without looking. He didn't want to invade the family's privacy and he didn't want to direct Sherlock's stories to those he was most curious to know. But fate was on his side, because the first item was a small wooden sword. “Ah!” John said. “I know about this, your brother told me.”
When the car finally parked at the cemetery, Mycroft noticed Sherlock was the one shivering. Maybe he was cold, maybe he was going to be sick. Maybe he was just an orphan on the way of burying his parents.
"No, it's fine," Sherlock asked, and he really meant it. There was something soothing about seeing those photos after so long. Things didn't hurt quite so much, and he could notice what he couldn't notice before. "We look...," he trailed off.
“Oh,” John said, trying to make sense of what he had just listened. He wasn't going to tell Sherlock that he had almost admitted that he liked his brother, but he had done just that.
“This is about the cocaine,” Sherlock said. It wasn't a question. “I would take it again, you know,” he told him, feeling the tension on John's hand.
* * *
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Protective today, are we?” John gave him his Captain Watson stare. “Nothing like that. He didn't OD either, if that's what you're going to ask next,” he said. “Yes, I am the consulting detective, I know you are alternating between Captain and Doctor.”
"You haven't seen you family's photos for twenty years?" John asked, alarmed. "Do you want me to put it back?"
“John, it's hardly efficient to flush this. I could get my hands on more cocaine if I wanted to, you know,” Sherlock said, nonchalantly.
Sherlock nodded. John opened the trunk again and felt some notebooks, pulling two out of the trunk. One looked older than the other. One of them was a notebook of unlined paper, most filled with drawings and sketches, and the other looked like a notebook from one of the classes in Harrow. From the latter, John watched a sheet of paper folded in two fall on the floor. He grabbed it, but was already impressed by the sketches in the older notebook.
,” Sherlock said, simply, running his fingers over the small skull.
Hey, thank you guys the subscriptions and the kudos, it's great to see you liking the story and taking the time the cheer me up! Really, it's quite warming (:
* * *
Not for the first time since John had moved in to Baker Street, Sherlock felt relieved that his friend was such a quiet and understanding man. When they first met, even if Sherlock could deduce all the facts about his life, he couldn't have foreseen that John would fit so perfectly in his every day life.
"What I'm trying to say is...," he stopped.
Sherlock shrugged. “Why would I tell anyone? It wouldn't make any difference.”
that's
John sighed.
"I'm sure Mummy would appreciate it, she was always nagging me to eat," he said, and his tone had something smooth in it and it made John smile. Obviously Sherlock had always been besotted by his mother, and it was undeniably good to hear Sherlock talk about someone with such fondness. John knew that tone, it was one that Sherlock normally saved for Mrs Hudson. He did understand why now.
It was the first time John had been in the presence of Sherlock Holmes and his drug of choice. John knew drug addiction well enough to know that a simple finding like the one that had just happened could destroy months and years of recovery, especially in the state of mind Sherlock was. Maybe the stupid genius would think the drug could be a great help to his confusion. He could even listen to the arguments Sherlock would use on his own head.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Are you my therapist now?”
“Yes, I'm still here- No, you're right, I already said that. He's injured- I'm a doctor, I can't leave him-” John sighed. Why did he want to go out indeed? And Kat had this annoying voice!
“Yes, yes, okay. Anyway, I'm starting to like Sherrinford too. He reminds me of myself,” John giggled.
* * *
So, when Victor had showed such inclinations, Sherlock found himself being even more cruel than he was with other people. Of course he knew that leaving Victor behind after being invited to his family house was more than a bit not good. Maybe some psychobabble about fear and things like that could make sense to normal people, but not for Sherlock.
"You," Sherlock said from behind him, and John jumped at the sound of his voice. Sherlock moved like a cat sometimes, the doctor didn't even notice his presence in the kitchen.
John tried again very hard not to think about any of this. It wasn't any of his business, really. And if he didn't want Sherlock to meddle in his love life, the least he could do was do the same.
Not that Sherlock would like him to hear.
"Right, so... Can I choose something else from the trunk?" John asked, already opening it and letting his hands feel the items inside. He pulled what he thought was a book, but ended up being something in between an album of photographs and a scrapbook. "Oooh, this is baby Sherlock we have here," he said, giggling at the scowl his friend was making. "What a chubby baby, oh my God! Are you sure this isn't Mycroft?" John asked, mockingly, since the child on the picture could only be his friend, judging by the dark curls.
John frowned. "What do you mean?"
When Sherlock noticed, John was smiling at him oddly. “What?”
“Mycroft,” he said, simply, not to risk the chance to have full access to the lab. He could see on Mr Elliot's eyes that he was mostly convinced.
When the food arrived, Sherlock was still on the floor, with his back leaned on the sofa, where John sat with his plate. He placed Sherlock's on the coffee table, with a solid 'eat', and ate while peeking at some of the files and crime scene photos spread on the floor. With a smirk he saw Sherlock let out a heavy sigh and text someone – probably Lestrade, telling him how utterly
"I would never let anything happen to you," Sherlock said, now quietly, trying to collect himself. "You should know that by now."
“Yes, when you put it like that... But Mycroft have always been a younger version of my father. Father was a diplomat, that's why we had those insufferable parties and I had to wear ties,” he scowled.
"I left them behind when I left Sussex."
Sherlock seemed annoyed. "That's exactly what I said."
Sherlock raised his eyebrows in surprise.
. This doesn't make any sense.
"Good. I need you too."
“Of course!” Sherlock blurted. “Wouldn't you beat the freakish skinny kid, who was smarter than the teachers and didn't have any parents?” Sherlock snapped.
Victor wasn't John. Their months together as sort-of-friends couldn't even begin to be compared to the life he had with John.
“Much trouble at Harrow?” John asked, raising an eyebrow.
Mycroft hid his smile with his cup of tea.
“Yes, I'm fine. Just too much brain work,” Sherlock said, dismissing John with one of those petulant waves of his hand. When Sherlock calmed his mind, John was sitting beside him, with a light tremor on his left hand, breathing hard. Tiny drops of sweat on his forehead. “John.”
The Christmas photo, with the family in the exact same spot, appeared over and over again, showing the passage of the years and the changes in each one of the family members. The changes were written aside each one of the photos, in young Sherlock's neat handwriting. John felt sad. It was like the simple testimonial of a child that wasn't at all prepared for the death of his parents. "Experiment?" He asked, because he didn't know how to tell Sherlock he was sorry for his loss.
And he knew that asking Sherlock if everything was fine was the most disappointing way of getting nowhere. He decided to take the matter into his own hands – or rather, Mycroft's hands.
“Okay, I understand.” And John did, he really did. Sherlock had a lot to think about already, and a lot to organize inside his head; maybe that subject would be too much for him to handle. John tried to slightly change the subject. “So Harrow then. Pretty normal for a posh sod like you. I would have said Eton,” John smiled.
“I can't believe you gave up playing your violin just to despise your schoolmates,” John said shaking his head. “No, actually, I do believe that,” he giggled.
John brought the tray with tea and biscuits and placed it on the coffee table, sitting on the sofa beside Sherlock, in the same way they had sat the night before. “So, ready? Can I meddle in your things again?”
“Mummy!” Little Sherlock made a face. “I don't like children, they're all idiots!”
deserves a medal just because she is the best beta ever.
John dropped his fork on his plate and waited for the story. That couldn't be the end of it.
," John said, quietly, almost a whisper, not looking Sherlock in the eyes. He tried to clear his throat. "I'm under the impression that you'll be stuck with me for a very long time. I know you think it's ridiculous, but I just...," he sighed. "Surely you're a poncy arrogant twat- What? No, don't you roll your eyes at me, you are. But...," he sighed again, "I
I'm speeding up the updating, because I have the text finished and already edited, so I'll finish posting everything this week! More 3 chapters to go!
"No," Sherlock said, looking vaguely to the fireplace. "Yesterday I could store many memories again, they made sense. If I can make sense of everything, I'll be able to organize my Mind Palace again."
“I brought my reprimand. Mr Stoper and Mr Howell already signed it,” Sherlock said, trying to ignore the amused expression he was receiving from Mycroft, that clearly said 'I see you're wearing a tie, how polished of you'.
. Everything he hadn't known about sentiment, he knew now. It was hard, and confusing, it was messy and it made his brain burn like one of Dante's circles of hell, but it was data that he had now.
He took Sherlock gently by the jaw, and the detective instinctively lowered himself to rest his forehead against John's. The doctor brushed his lips lightly across the corner of Sherlock's mouth and pressed a gentle kiss against it. He felt and heard Sherlock's surprised intake of breath.
jealous. That's ridiculous,” Sherlock said and regretted the moment the words left his mouth.
“And your mother was a
! That's what babies look like, I don't know why is it so funny," Sherlock huffed.
“Yes, obviously,” the little curly boy nodded. “It says 'It's where the pirate sleeps'.”
for helping me with this. It really wouldn't have been possible without her!
“Really, John, I can hear your thoughts from here. And you didn't always dislike Harry, did you? Children are easy to please,” Sherlock said, trying to dismiss John's smirk.
After sometime, Sherlock snorted.
Sherlock didn't even know why he bothered going to any of the stupid classes at all. He was only fifteen, but he was clearly smarter than all the teachers. The other boys didn't even deserve to be mentioned.
“A bloody head, Sherlock! Without any warning! I was looking for something edible!” John shook his head.
Sherlock just sulked even more. “Well, nobody in the hospital seemed to notice, so stop wasting your medical training on me; I'm fine. Go bother someone else with it.”
reason, but John wasn't satisfied.
“What? Why?”
Sherlock was feeling mentally ill. He didn't know what was real pain and what was guilt.
“You do, you definitely do,” John chuckled. “We sound like an old married couple most of the time,” he said, even before he could think of the words that were coming out of his mouth.
"Happy?" John tried.
John snorted. "Yes, Captain John Watson, the nanny."
"I...," the detective frowned. "I really don't know. That small box had much more than needles and a picture in it."
“Yes, people must assume the sociopath had a terrible mother,” Sherlock answered, coldly. “Well, I did not. She was... understanding.”
Sherlock snorted. “Why? Are you going to hunt them all? You, the captain of the rugby team?”
“You still hate it,” John pointed out. “You must have driven the household insane,” he shook his head. “I think I've always wanted to be a doctor and a soldier. When I think about it, Mycroft doesn't sound so strange, after all. I always knew what I wanted too. You too, but you had to invent your job, because you're Sherlock Holmes, the brilliant git.”
Mary’s head jerks towards him and the softness evaporates in the blink of an eye, mouth pulling into a sneer. “Oh, Sherlock. I held the brush, too.”
For this entire fandom, and especially all TJLCers, because we deserve a better story.
Moriarty’s laughter sounds through the shelter before the man himself appears, bespoke suit  and bright smile firmly in place. Sherlock can feel the colour drain from his features.
Deductions are made without conscious decision to do so on Sherlock’s part, though he fathoms he should be glad that his mind didn’t suffer from whatever happened after he fell. He will need to get his hands on his medical records sooner rather than later.
No Harry, either.
“Where did you get this?”
The case of what the papers have called ‘The Vicious Cupid’ is the stuff of nightmares.
John braces himself.
“Take me home, minger,” she mumbles.
“He’s married to his work.”
“What do you mean, ‘obvious’?”
The unmistakable sound of breaking bone cuts through the room and Sherlock hears Moriarty howl with pain, which then morphs into manic laughter. The need to know why John isn’t occupying Moriarty’s attention anymore outweighs Sherlock's sense of self-preservation, so he spares a glance for the pair only to find they are now three.
Moriarty spreads his arms wide as the room trembles. “It’s the landing.”
“How about a sandwich?” Greg asks, bringing him back to the present. “You’ve got to be running on empty.”
Another two shots ring through the air.
RL became a tad busy, so finding time to write was a bit of a challenge. But here we are, gearing up for the grand finale!
“You shot her,” he states, and almost wishes he could take it back because John’s face darkens into an expression he never wants to be responsible for putting there ever again.
The internal struggle matches Sherlock’s expectations: John considers the option, thinks of buying an additional bottle of whiskey to prevent such incidents, is turning towards the coat stand to grab his jacket… when a memory, presumably of Harry, makes him stop.
Sherlock’s eyes are already fixed on him, spelling out what has been tugging at the back of his mind ever since Moriarty’s mercenaries showed up – they’re outnumbered.
“No, John,” Sherlock says, tipping his chin up, expression even grimmer than his voice. “He’s not in bed with Moriarty. He’s heeling at the foot end of it, waiting for orders.”
Donovan is silent for a moment. When she speaks again, her tone is hard but understanding. “I used to say the same thing. About… about my brother. Kept running when he called, almost screwed up my career trying to do the right thing… until he sold off my car and stole all my cash. You’ve got to protect yourself, John. One addict in your life’s enough.”
Every room they check, leading off the dust-covered hallway, sits empty. The second storey holds nothing but mice and vermin, the third a bird’s nest.
Seeing her again sends a chill down Sherlock’s spine. Phantom pain flares where her shot added one more scar to his skin, but he ignores it. He’s not alone, after all.
“I’ve been thinking about this comeback for ages,” Moriarty says with a leer. “So hard to choose a medium these days – but pictures lack the personal touch, wouldn’t you say, Cherise?”
Bond simply places the box on the floor near Zed’s paws, says, “I’ll make some tea,” and retreats to the kitchen.
Then Mycroft calls to check in, and everything – Mary still on the run, the threat of Moriarty dangling above their heads – comes back in a rush that makes it hard to stay upright.
He meets John’s quizzical gaze even though the last thing he wants is to divulge details on that particular time in his life. “I used to be a… a guest there.”
“Ha, yeah – no,” John laughs. “And it’s been a good few days. Even got him to eat twice yesterday. Well, we had five cases, but, you know.”
Mary’s shirt, soaked in blood.
As if feeling Sherlock’s attention on him, he looks up.
“Find me in a nutshell,” Sherlock finishes, almost stumbling over the words in his hurry to get them out.
“We’re giving the people what they want, John! Keep them from digging or –”
- My take on The Abominable Bride is heavily reliant on
A carpeted hall leads John towards Sherlock’s voice – yet his relief is short-lived, shattered by the sight of a black-clad figure pointing a gun at Sherlock’s chest, Magnussen kneeling at their feet.
“Oh, I see. Your mother’s tendency to –” Sherlock had begun, but a clipped “Don’t,” from John cut off any deductions being said out loud. It’s annoying enough that Sherlock knows all about John’s parents without being told; no need for him to dwell on it.
“I’d gladly take the bullet again.”
“Matters aren’t so simple.”
Molly reading Victorian Gothic literature to Sherlock was inspired by
Fortunately, Sherlock remains oblivious. The detective is pouting like a petulant five-year-old and John prepares himself for prolonged exposure to angry violin music once they get back to London.
At least John is still in his mind palace. He had been afraid he had up and left just like Mycroft…
“Oh, it most certainly is,” Sherlock agrees, retrieving his Belstaff.
“Mycroft’s phone.”
Mycroft raises an eyebrow. “He cheated.”
His medical ethics are stronger than his impulse to turn and run, so John makes sure Harry is tucked in after drinking a glass of water and leaves another glass on her bedside table.
“Why aren’t you dead?”
Sherlock doesn’t know what he is asking of his… his best friend in this moment, whether he is saying ‘goodbye’ or ‘come along’. He leaves it up to John to decide.
“Bloody brilliant,” he hears John mutter under his breath.
Donovan hums. “You’re letting her suck you in again,” she points out. “Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
Another shooter.
“Client,” Sherlock says. “MRS HUDSON!”
“We’re working on it.”
“We lack conclusive proof. Everything we have is circumstantial, which is unsurprising given that James Moriarty is the smartest criminal the world has ever encountered. However, we do know that his body was never recovered. Our intelligence agencies have only heard whispers, allusions, code words believed to indicate Moriarty. Yet his survival would explain certain, uh, discrepancies in some instances.”
It strikes him as odd that Mycroft’s shoulders seem to sag in relief, but John’s head is too full to do anything except file it away for later.
“Sherlock?”
“Yeah, thought this might come in handy,” John quips in reply, but his heart isn’t really in it. He waits until Sherlock has checked the weapon and started barging forward until he mutters a curse. “Janine? And that wanker Moran? Jesus.”
“No,” Sherlock murmurs. “You’re a highly intelligent man of rare perception.”
“Here I am.”
“You’re partly to blame, Seb,” she snubs, and John finds himself agreeing.
Sherlock imagined several outcomes of this meeting, yet ending up on his knees, gasping for breath, with the cold barrel of Mary’s Walther PPK pressed to the back of his head was not one of them.
“Sherlock!” John calls, but it’s no use.
It doesn’t hit John until they are on puzzle number nine. In his defence, he is going on the thirty-forth hour without sleep. At this point, the only things holding him up are adrenaline and loyalty.
“Whose house is this?”
John clears his throat. Mycroft regards him for a moment.
“Doctor John Watson?”
“A far-left extremist responsible for the death of at least seven individuals, Detective Inspector. Your indignation is unwarranted.”
They discover Harriet first, handcuffed to a radiator. Her dirty blonde hair is falling down in limp strands and her grey eyes lack the depth and complexity Sherlock has grown accustomed to from John, yet they are clearly siblings. Years of alcohol abuse have left their mark on her skin, however, and she is showing the first signs of withdrawal.
“Don’t move, Doctor Watson!”
Sherlock is paralysed for the split second everyone takes to comprehend the situation, yet before the horror can truly fester in Sherlock’s veins, truly threaten to overwhelm him, Mary bursts into movement.
“She was working for the government at the age of twelve?” John gapes. “Why weren’t you?”
Of course that’s when Harry’s number appears on his lock screen.
He takes a moment to just breathe, in and out, until he feels less like he is coming apart at the seams. A cursory glance around the room reveals nothing of note, not even an empty tin of biscuits, only evidence of how out of it Sherlock was even before Moriarty’s poisoned pudding. Thinking of Cherise still hurts.
The ‘we’ and ‘our’ grates on John’s nerves. “That’s… good,” he manages before escaping Janine and the pompous Gideon.
The second video feed cuts out and becomes nothing but static. Sherlock sinks to the damp ground of the flooded cellar, burying his head in his hands as John tries to come to terms with the fact that the entire country was watching them fail. Moriarty somehow gained access to every telly screen in the UK and broadcast the big final act.
It’s the lower third of a sign in the upper right corner, however, that transforms Sherlock’s mind into a hurricane.
“Harry,” John breathes in relief, rushing to her side.
“Ask Magnussen, then.”
Mycroft’s scowl is oddly soothing. “Be glad you find yourself in a private room. I can still add an incessant over-sharer.”
Sherlock hums. “Cottage?”
“Look after him, Doctor Watson?” he whispers. “Please?”
“Obvious. There has only been one case of fratricide in the past two years with another sibling as witness who then was admitted to a mental health clinic.”
“John?” Sherlock tries and stops immediately, appalled by the croak his voice has become. Swallows. Wets his lips. “John?”
“Hang on,” he barks. “There’s more, isn’t there? Moriarty doesn’t just help people – he’s not doing it for free. What price did she have to pay?”
He doesn’t have a book with him and while there might be a small collection somewhere in this hospital, it strikes him as a tad impersonal. So John produces his phone, goes to his blog, and starts reading from the beginning.
Inductive though his reasoning may be, Sherlock can’t help but wonder: Is his John afraid, too? Afraid of what Mary will tell him? Of what she will demand in exchange for keeping the baby? Of something else?
John doesn’t remember anything about the car ride to the hospital after the debriefing, or about the hours of waiting. Someone - maybe John himself - must have texted Greg, for he shows up with strong tea shortly before a doctor informs them that Sherlock pulled through.
“I was just a job, then, hm? Make the idiot fall in love with you, make him marry you –”
. Ribcages cracked open, hearts cut out, All Hallowed Eve only a few days away?” Sherlock catches John’s widening eyes across the living room. “Horror.”
He keeps his account as factual as possible but doesn’t paint Mary in a better light than she deserves. He doesn’t downplay Moriarty’s insanity and the danger this brings with it. What he does, however, is give his opinion on the panic-mongering that’s apparently become the media’s new favourite past-time, and the lack of seriousness among… well, pretty much everybody.
John growls, grip on his Sig tightening. He seems to be sharing Sherlock's sentiment, along with the confusion.
Cursing under his breath, John starts looking closer.
“Oh, high praise,” John chuckles. “How come we don’t have a code word for that yet? Lying through your teeth to appease some low-life git? We’ve got so many already.”
Curious. Something must have happened.
“Glad you caught on,” Sherlock says, tone clipped. He pointedly unlocks the safety on his firearm with a dramatic flourish of his coat. Still a drama queen, then.
“Who is she?” Sherlock repeats. “And what is her connection to Redbeard?”
Mary shakes her head. “The pool. You were so brave.”
He stares. It doesn’t make sense.
“Oh, profound.” John’s eye-roll is palpable.
He pours it, sniffs it, probably decided that it’ll have to do, then toasts at John and takes a sip. Something vibrates – a phone. Mycroft pulls it from his breast pocket, brow furrowing.
John grins. “I’ll remind you of that once Moriarty’s dead, shall I?”
Sherlock’s shoulders are heavy with defeat. “She has no face.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” Mycroft sighs in the pause before Sherlock’s clarification.
“Drop your weapon,” Janine demands. Its only effect is John’s anger evolving into fury. “Now, John.”
It’s chaos, clothes and papers strewn everywhere, no trace of the sock index left in the drawers. But Sherlock is there, in one piece, huddled in the corner. John lets out the breath he didn’t realise he was holding. When he takes a closer look at the apathetic state his flatmate is in, though, it turns out to have been premature.
“You mean there’re thirteen more?”
“Oh, sod off.”
Mary may be the mother of his child, Sherlock concludes, but she will no longer be the woman John Watson has pledged his life to.
Sherlock whips his phone out immediately. He whoops in victory half a minute later.
“Not quite,” Sherlock points out.
Sherlock ignores him. John, not so much.
- impatient14's EMP
He needs to put an end to this game.
John rounds on her. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
John smirks. Sherlock is distracted by the sight of it, only realises the other man is pushing him back when he feels strong hands against his chest. He wants to grab them, hold on, but his fingers close around nothing.
“Sometimes.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock insists, but John is still shaking his head.
Mycroft’s eyes sweep through the room. His gaze lingers on the print of Freddie Mercury for much longer than John is comfortable with. Harry’s dedication on the back may not be visible, yet there is no doubt that a man like Mycroft will be able to infer exactly why he’s holding on to this particular birthday present.
“Yeah, and what’s that – annoying me?” John chuckles, wiping his clammy palms on his trousers. “Is it revenge for all the texts?”
“It’s fine. For the record, I never agreed to the bet.”
John can’t resist the chance to salute. He hopes that Sherlock misses the spark in James’s eye as the man returns the gesture.
Well, and maybe also himself.
It’s been too long already. Every passing minute reduces the chance of him waking up.
He catalogued every scar marring the visible patches of John’s skin years ago. The line of skin where his wedding band used to reside, paler in contrast to the tanned fingers, however, is new.
“Fine,” he eventually spits in Mycroft’s face.
Meaning Sherlock already knows. Homeless network, most likely. John gets dressed mechanically and finds his flatmate pacing. The kettle is already boiling, two cups waiting to be filled.
He has flattened it against his thigh while his right is massaging his temple at the back of the one car leaving Baker Street that was not a decoy. John might think he is holding the hand perfectly still, yet the minute twitches cannot be stifled.
Her stammering makes John smile. Later, after remembering how good it feels to stretch his legs, Molly surprises him a second time by retrieving a book from her bag. The author, M. R. James, isn’t familiar, and when Molly explains it is Victorian gothic fiction, a ghost story, John knows the reason for that.
“Don’t listen to him, Johnny – he’s a moron!”
“The final problem,” Sherlock provides, ignoring the confusion radiating off John next to him in favour of watching Mary, whose stance has shifted ever so slightly.
The light is bright but his reaction appears satisfactory. Sherlock makes to remove the needle of the IV but John’s hand on his bare forearm stops him. Sherlock barely hears the reason why John wants to keep it in – his attention has narrowed to the places of contact.
John swallows. “Well, we shouldn’t try to squeeze our child into stereotypes, wouldn’t you say?”
“But you’ve got the real thing, now. Aren’t you excited?” Moriarty makes a whooping noise. “You’ll love what I’ve got in store for you, Sherlock. Our last games will seem like a bedtime story. No more fairy tales. Time for some horror.”
“Huh. Would’ve thought the spooks would argue,” John muses, cocking an obvious eyebrow at Sherlock even as he pulls the gate open.
Sherlock mutters something under his breath. John ignores him. Best to be blunt.
“Exactly!” Glee fills Moriarty’s voice. “You get it, don’t you? You know? Tell me, Sherlock – TELL ME!”
He empties the bottle. Harry would be proud. Or she would have been, that last time he talked to her, unmistakable sounds of partying in the background, her vowels slurring together.
John stops pacing. He knows that tone, has used it on family and friends before.
Mycroft doesn’t let himself be goaded into revealing more, not that John is surprised. On his return to Baker Street, Sherlock acknowledges the new information with an absent-minded hum while his eyes remain glued to the wall. They are solving four cases at once, since tackling one thing at a time and waiting for reports or test results has been deemed “a tedious waste of time”. Tracking down Mary remains a perpetual fifth case – the trail has long since gone cold. Only fresh evidence will help them now.
He licks his lips and tries to focus on the problem at hand. Something Mary said months ago echoes in his mind.
Not in their current arrangement, that is.
Sholto’s soft laughter echoes through the crack of the door until it trickles off into a pensive pause. “How are you, John?”
“Sentiment rarely does.” Sherlock’s tone is uncharacteristically soft and remains gentle when he turns to Neel. “You were jealous. Everyone would see that you are Moran’s lover if they just looked at your body language when placed in the same room as him, but there seems to have been a misunderstanding as to the nature of your relationship.”
That’s why it comes as somewhat of a shock when John emerges from the kitchen to find none other than Janine standing there.
Folding the photo, he pockets it and returns to Sherlock’s bedside.
“Dog.”
John doesn’t need to look at his friend to know he is smiling. Smug bastard.
“Running from the Taliban is hardly a date.”
... did I mention I love cliffhangers?
James Sholto still looks well, scars notwithstanding, even in (or maybe especially because of) his civilian clothes. The cotton trousers look tailored, the shirt fitted. His dark blue jumper might be cashmere. His expression, however, most certainly is surprise.
“It appears the gentleman found a way to elude the guard, sir. We are looking into the matter.”
They stare at each other for several minutes.
Welcome back, folks :) We're in for a bumpy ride... enjoy!
The older Holmes comes to a stop at Anthea’s level, far enough away from him. Mycroft can surely tell that John is ready to erupt. The flashlights of the handful of reporters already hovering near the police tape only add to his ire.
Several minutes pass with nothing but the sound of the engine and their breathing.
John bites his tongue but he needn’t have worried. Both brothers are too deep in thought to notice his amusement at the Holmes family’s naming practices.
“Oh, god,” someone says, though it sounds as if it were far, far away, nowhere near Q.
“It’s the Sholto family estate.”
It feels like every blood cell in John’s body has been replaced with ice.
“Not the freak,” Donovan says. “She’s also rather drunk.”
A hand is on his shoulder and Q flinches away, collapsing in on himself, gun forgotten on the floor beside him. The person pushes it away. It makes a grating sound as it slides across the hardwood floor. The blood will leave stains, Q realises.
A nod.
The muted footsteps that follow in his wake are the most beautiful thing Sherlock has ever heard in his life, for they are the unmistakable sound of John Watson choosing to join him.
“And this is the master of the house, Sebastian Moran,” Janine says when a tall, muscular man rounds a corner.
Mycroft’s lips twist into a sneer. “Seven meetings with the Prime Minister in the past year, but Doctor Watson believes this man can be forced to dance to anyone’s tune but his own.”
Within listening distance, then. Redbeard was the signal, not just a means to throw Sherlock.
Mary lifts her weapon.
“You never loved me.”
“How do you know?” Mycroft parries.
Patronising him was exactly the wrong thing to do, however. “You can toss off, Holmes.” The DI gets right in Mycroft’s face, gesturing insistently. “John’s my friend and something’s obviously going on. I’m staying.”
“Come on, Johnny-boy… say it.”
“Thirteen?”
Mycroft pats him on the back when no one is watching. It is such a fleeting gesture but it serves to anchor Q, calm his mind, which is still replaying
So he leaves, powering down his computers and mailing instructions to R’s inbox for when she turns up in five hours, even though it is her official day off. A crisis never fails to summon her to HQ.
John’s handwriting. Not John’s words.
Seeing Mycroft smile – not grimace – in response is a strange turn of events. It becomes ever stranger when his features morph into something that is not his usual inscrutable mask, but rather a sombre expression.
The aquarium transforms. Norbury is suddenly Mary, first in a wedding dress, then in all black. Sherlock watches his old self stare at the woman, the mirror behind him, when her gun goes off.
Both Greg and Molly freeze mid-motion. Sherlock continues to prowl, eventually reaching the fireplace.
“Seeing as Detective Inspector Lestrade is in hospital following what transpired in Catalyst Hall – merely a scrape, I am assured,” Mycroft interjects at John’s startled gasp, “and the Major’s residence is the only place that can be expected to be sufficiently stocked with weaponry; it really was no puzzle at all.”
, it’s so obvious in retrospect) makes his chest feel tight and his pulse race.
John doesn’t ask where Mycroft’s spooks got the corpse, or if breaking the story that morning is part of a deal Mycroft struck with Magnussen in exchange for information.
“I should…” Q stops, unable to complete the sentence. He glances over to where Zed is still lying and thankfully James understands.
“Just sometimes,” Janine dismisses. Not the first time she omitted information, John registers underneath his mounting concern. “Please? She was in a bad state when she left.”
, is what he doesn’t add.
Only then Sherlock notices how many people there are in his room. Mrs Hudson is tidying up his socks – in the correct order, much to his surprise – while John is taking his blood pressure with his torso angled to Lestrade in the door next to the least incompetent assistant Mycroft has ever hired.
“Guess asking how you got in would be pointless?”
“There’s got to be something!” John snaps, closing the distance between them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Despite everything, the thrill of showing off is too enticing to resist.
“Very distant, Mr Holmes,” this Moran says. “I cannot thank you enough for taking this case, sir, considering the history between you two.”
“Cor, bint.”
“You talk as though you’re a dead man walking, John. What have you got to lose?”
In macabre fashion, the twenty-three-year-old man has been put on display in a nook near the ticket barrier, limbs pulled taut and dreadlocks fanned out on the cold tiles. Scrapes on the floor speak of a partition that was used to hide the preparation.
Looking at his sister now, off her tits on expensive liquor after she’d been doing so well for a while, John can’t emphasise that enough.
“Don’t,” Mary calls out. “My finger is already on the trigger, Jim. You kill me, your game is over.”
The door to the bathroom is equipped with a lock. Sherlock turns the key as soon as he can be sure that Sholto and John are out of earshot.
“Oh yes,” Mycroft sneers. “Obviously I let an infamous assassin simply walk out of her cell.”
“She?”
“Why?”
“Would you follow me, sir?”
“Then make him testify.”
The address Janine gave the cab driver belongs to a lush townhouse in Regent’s Park. Her new catch is obviously from a wealthy family – probably grew up on an estate somewhere in the country and received an Oxbridge education.
From the looks of Mycroft, John might have just as well said it out loud. He hates being this transparent to anyone, but whom is he kidding? Everyone reviewing the surveillance footage of the factory will see where John’s priorities lie, whom he instinctually shielded from the hail of bullets.
“Nah,” John says. It only took the span of two seconds. “We’ve got enough spices.”
“Well, it’s hardly the first time!”
“John,” Anthea tries in tone clearly meant to be mollifying, “this is an issue of grave importance.”
“M-Moriarty?” Molly’s eyes are wide. “But he – isn’t he dead?!”
“Since Bart’s? No, must’ve been before that – after the pool?” John catches the minute twitch of Mycroft’s throat. “Before? How long before?”
Guy Fawkes Night passes without incident or change.
“I thought I had friends here, for a while.”
“Sir,” Q tries to assuage him, “we know from Semyon Somerton’s hard disk that there is a hacker of immense capabilities in Moriarty’s ranks. And frankly, there is a lot less skill required to manipulate traffic lights without leaving a trace as one might think.”
A familiar melody cuts through the tension.
“You will not utter another word, Doctor Watson, or I will charge you under the Official Secrets Act.”
He opens his eyes.
“Oh, brother dear, I see it now, it all makes perfect sense: your fear of Magnussen, your absence during October, why you sat by and let an assassin infiltrate John’s life –”
It’s almost a blessing in disguise since Sherlock has locked himself into his room upon their return to Baker Street and has been playing the violin ever since. John calls Mycroft about a possible danger night, but the man is two steps ahead.
Life goes on, the threat of Moriarty a shadow Sherlock can never shake. The grim vicar of death, waiting until Sherlock arrives in Samarra.
Janine smirks. “He’s my foster brother. He gave me the necklace. It was right under your nose and you didn’t realise, mister.”
“Something’s going on,” John states. Suspicion coils around his spine even as he sees the line of Mycroft’s shoulders tense. “Something you’re not telling me. Your brother’s gone selectively mute for days and you don’t show up like the overbearing arse that you are? Almost like you’re actively keep–”
The parents are Mr and Mrs Holmes – John only saw them once, but the fact that a miniature Sherlock is standing right in front of them is a dead giveaway. The chubby boy must be Mycroft, but John is at a loss to explain the presence of the little girl. Her features have an uncanny resemblance to the older brother and she seems to be about the same age.
Sherlock meets John’s gaze. He sees the determination there, the iron resolve… and he knows exactly what’s coming.
“You chose me.”
It’s only when John gives his name to the security guard manning the gate that Sherlock perks up, his vision clearing.
“You’re lying. Magnussen knows.”
Bond emerges from his work area with a battered looking cardboard box, the material frayed where Zed already attacked it with her claws. She couldn’t climb into that one because until a few minutes ago it held spare computer parts for Q’s tinkering pleasures – not that she didn’t try. Q blinks the tears away stubbornly.
Q’s chest and throat tighten as he approaches, gun raised half-heartedly, his knees shaking and making it difficult to keep his balance.
“You already made me fall. It’s all about the landing now.”
John nods. “We’re low on ammunition and supplies. Could do with some food. And probably a shower, too,” he adds with a snort after glancing at the specks of blood decorating the collar of Sherlock’s shirt and the skin of his neck.
It worked out fine in the end: half of the assailants dead, the other half in custody, Mary apprehended before she could escape.
A shot.
He cycles back to hospital. Takes up residence in the chair next to Sherlock’s bed. It’s far from comfortable, but John doesn’t care.
Sherlock’s brow furrows. He glances to John. “A bit not good?”
“Sherlock?”
“Mycroft and his insistence can bugger off.”
Awareness returns in increments, via mending cracks and familiar paths and the echo of a touch against his skin.
John glares. “I won’t.”
Boring tests and superfluous information on the damage to his right lung – Sherlock knows what an anterolateral thoracotomy scar looks like, thank you very much – the medical staff vacates the room. Sherlock counts down from five inside his head.
The blade almost slices into his carotid artery, but John’s opponent has a way of telegraphing his movements that allows him to evade the assault. Three quick moves and it’s John who is directing the weapon. It slips past two ribs with satisfying ease just as a familiar prickling at the base of his neck makes John look up.
“He wants something in return. Information?”
“Ta. I’m almost at her flat.” John can’t suppress a chuckle at the irony of the situation. “Never thought I’d be hoping to find her passed out in her own vomit.”
There is the smallest tremor in Sherlock’s hands as he opens it, carefully rather than fuelled by curiosity. Blue eyes widen as they take in the family portrait. He must have seen this before.
He also expected Mycroft’s ensuing spiel of “information uncovered during the interrogation might save lives of British citizens” and John’s grumbling acquiescence.
He’ll have to buy her a pint later on. Or catnip, given the meows in the background as Donovan pulls up the respective records. Harry hasn’t been arrested, charged or thrown into a holding cell.
“I’ll be facing him alone.”
“Why there?”
With a final pat, he closes the zipper of Sherlock’s suitcase currently residing on the bed and looks up towards the open door, hoping the other man will get a bloody move on.
John tilts his head. “Which you do. So we go after Magnussen.”
Sherlock’s eyes find their origin immediately: the mobile in Mary’s pocket. A hint of worry colours her features as her eyes dart to the screen before she schools her expression again and puts an end to the Bee Gees’s rendition of “Staying Alive” with the swipe of a thumb.
“What does that tell you, Sherlock?” Mycroft repeats.
“What’s her name?”
John practically flies through the front door to 221 and up the stairs, almost colliding with Mrs Hudson who shouts something after him about another attempt at tea.
Who –
“Conclusion: sex.”
is much more interesting.
Sherlock doesn’t understand why people focus on the calm before the storm when the calm
John doesn’t ask if that means she really loved him. Not that it matters much, now – she lied to him, about everything. That’s not love, not by John’s definition of the word.
“Breakfast.”
Sherlock grabs the note from him – indeed, it looks like Moriarty has numbered the puzzles he is giving him.
“You’re a petty dickhead, you know that?”
Mycroft huffs, but reluctantly admits, “He hasn’t made demands. Magnussen enjoys the power that comes with the unequal distribution of information. We will find a way.”
“Oh, I can hear your wheels churning, round and round and round and round,” Moriarty sing-songs. “But this one’s easy. I’m being kind. Not to Lukas, though.” Moriarty tilts his head, his tone filled with faux regret. “Lukas won’t like this at all.”
Moriarty, at the heart of the conspiracy.
John clears his throat. “Captain John Watson.”
“Just follow me, please,” the agent repeats, and John obeys.
.” Moriarty’s eyes are crinkling at the edges. “You can spread them like a virus… Don’t you think, Sherlock?”
“Yeah, go on.”
Pinewood Hill, for example. The factory is vast, three stories high and in a sad state of decay. Their approach brings with it the transformation of John into Captain Watson, whom Sherlock intuitively falls into step behind. Backup is in position, including a helicopter.
“Why,” is what he says. He’s not even sure if he’s asking why he should let her up or why she shot Sherlock or why she broke into CAM Tower, all thoughts blurring into one another in his mind.
“Explain this then.”
“No, it’s my day off –”
Removing the object of Moriarty’s obsession from the battlefield is the obvious solution, but why isn’t Sherlock already –
“What past?”
They don’t save Cherise.
“Moriarty?” John says, his tone low. “Moriarty helped her escape?”
“They’re scattered in morgues all across the country!”
Q swallows and nods since he does not trust his voice at the moment. M sighs, running a hand through his greying hair.
The first bullet rips into the person’s – the woman’s hand, making her drop the gun, the second hits their right knee. Surprise coupled with pain brings her down with a grunt of agony. John is on her a heartbeat later, pushing her right shoulder towards the ground with one hand and pressing down with his entire body weight. Her evasive manoeuvres speak of expert training but what John lacks in technique he makes up in for in pure anger.
“Also says it’s number two of thirteen.”
A warm weight settles against his side, pressing against his upper arm without insistence. It is just there, a steady presence. It draws Q’s attention, little by little, until he can discern the navy blue cloth of one of James’ suits, until he draws the right conclusions based on the evidence surrounding him.
John exhales sharply. Sherlock doesn’t want to look up and see the pain that comes with the reminder of the two years he left the man to his grief.
“She’d figure it out, too, wouldn’t she?” They both turn towards Molly, who starts fidgeting under the scrutiny. “If she’s… I mean. She’ll have a plan, for emergencies.”
John lifts his chin. Straightens his spine. “Geronimo.”
“Oh, Mr Moran isn’t like that,” Neel argues, much to John’s surprise.
His eyes never leave his wife.
John raises his fist, but he doesn’t get much farther than that since a giggling Harry places her hand on his forearm, stopping him.
“He texted,” is John’s curt explanation. He chucks the phone at Sherlock and darts for his laptop. A look at the lock screen tells him why.
“It’s a poem by Oscar Wilde,” Sherlock supplies. “The Ballad of Reading Gaol.”
“Right,” Sherlock says on an exhale, excitement taking over his features. “She wanted to give up her old life but habits are hard to break, especially ones that secure one’s survival.” He starts pacing again, yet this time he seems to be looking for something. “She would have planned for every contingency, including one that left us as her only allies. She’ll have come up with a safe haven, a place to meet. There’ll be a clue… NOBODY MOVE!”
He delivers his deduction the moment the line is open, then waits in tense silence along with the forty-seven or so onlookers he blocked out until now.
A sob rises in John’s throat. He forces it down again, yet his feet move without consulting his brain first, bringing him closer to Sherlock’s side.
In that moment, he knows in his gut that he’s right. Yeah, he doesn’t see the entire board, not like Sherlock would, but he’s beginning to piece it together.
Hope flares in Sherlock’s chest. “Yes?”
“Why does wealth make you so uncomfortable?” Sherlock asks suddenly. “I noticed it before with wealthy clients like Moran. It’s utterly irrational to resent people for being born into a higher social strata than your family. Besides, you have been accumulating funds yourself over the past years.”
“But wouldn’t that be Mycroft?”
But then that’s not true, is it? Sherlock had the clues. He just couldn’t put them together. He kept secrets, hid vital information. And now John neither has a daughter nor a wife, and if he’s being honest, also no best friend.
“What?”
He’s afraid he’s bolloxing this up, but Mary buys into his sudden preoccupation with gender neutral childcare. Whatever pills they prescribe for her here to keep her docile must be miracle drugs.
“Intel suggests she was working with the Waters gang.”
“How’re you still here?” John finishes. “They pumped your chest. Dislodged the bullet and the blood could flow out again.” He runs a hand over his mouth with a sigh Sherlock cannot begin to decode. “They were about to call it, Sherlock. They resuscitated you for thirty-two minutes. Had already stepped away. And yet…”
“Oi, my memory is stellar.”
“Coma?” he asks.
“No,” he huffs. “I’m trying a new look. I know it’s hard, but please, spare your mocking for another day.”
“All those wet jobs for the CIA. Never fell for one of her marks then… but that was before she went freelance.” Magnussen pauses theatrically, looking away from John and onto Mary. “He promised to set you free after, I assume.”
The door clicks shut with a hint of finality.
The word tastes like ash on John’s tongue.
John snorts. “You lot really need to work on your bedside manner.”
“Any relation to Lord Moran?” Sherlock enquires.
Moran’s grin gains a vicious edge. “We’re celebrating, Captain Watson. You know, that thing you do when you succeed? You should remember that. From what I heard, Sherlock knows how to have a good time.”
“That doesn’t explain why you’re holding it.”
“Why? Even you could have figured it out. Eventually.”
“Stop it, James.”
A spark of recognition jolts through John and he gives her a tired smile.
John retrieves the disc from his laptop, labelled with the specified code in his scrawl. The Secret Service requires a written report after every single one of John’s visits since Mary’s stipulation forbids them from recording their meetings. Said report is then fed into the vast intelligence machine his country is operating while the physical disc becomes a meal for the shredder.
“We are already working on a cover story,” Mycroft begins, but Sherlock talks over him.
“Yes,” Sherlock confirms. He has that lofty tone that heralds some of his simpler deductions, the ones even John would have been able to make… eventually. “Quite obvious, really. Mr Moran barely recalls the surnames of his staff, yet was able to provide Mr Jones’s without hesitation. He also knew where we was most likely to find the man, and in doing so almost slipped into calling him by his first name, which begins with an N, I presume.”
on Tumblr.
As if thinking along similar lines, John wonders, “Why here? There must have been shelters closer to the city.”
Everyone’s attention shifts to Sherlock, even John’s. His best friend’s face is blank – the sight sends a chill down his spine.
John is torn between encouraging his friend’s wish to boast or cutting this entire ordeal short. The image of Sherlock’s unconscious form on a hospital bed is still too fresh in his mind, however, so he tilts his head in silent permission.
“You changed your hair.”
Sherlock blinks in the dim light from the star-decked sky falling through the windows.
Unfortunate, yet utterly unsurprising. Sherlock hums. Also explains John’s state.
He pulls back gently, not yet ready to meet the other man’s eyes.
“Johnny,” she coughs. Dry throat – no water since her capture, Sherlock surmises. “Knew you’d come for me, you minger.”
John tries not to look too smug about winding him up, but that turns out to be fighting a lost battle.
Phantom pain flares once more, right underneath his the arch of his ribs.
“Exit wound,” he gasps.
“Only if they serve a purpose.”
Pieces of the puzzle John has been poring over slot together with a force that makes John’s knees sway.
“The first meal of the day.”
Behind a pillar, next to a makeshift box that collapsed when discarded moments ago to reveal what’s underneath, lies a dog on a blanket of crimson blood.
The sight of Mycroft’s consternation would be hilarious under other circumstances. John hopes he’ll be able to laugh about it in retrospect.
“Cut it out, lads,” Greg interrupts. His tone is harsh and John reminds himself that they still have several tasks ahead of them before they can get to Cherise. “We found another set of instructions, so shoo.”
“The same man made the biscuits Janine gave me.”
“They’re at Catalyst Hall,” he concludes, “a shelter in Twickenham. Defunct now after severe arson in 2013.”
“Bloody right it is! My own wife –” He stops, throat suddenly closing up. John takes a breath.
Her eyes flicker down to Sherlock and something in John breaks.
“It’s not like I had the real thing, Sherl.”
Slivers of memories flicker past Sherlock’s inner eye; Redbeard barks in the distant corners of his mind.
“The one and only!” There is the dull beat of club music in the background. “Surely Harry mentioned – oh! Is that why you looked so lost the other day?” Janine chuckles but then finally sheds some light on this weird situation. “Harry’s working for Seb and we’ve become friends, sort of – oh, right, she calls me Ji-Ji, I always forget. Or deny, really, it’s a silly nickname. Can you come, John? Please, she’s really upset.”
“Ready?” Sherlock asks, though he thinks he already knows the answer.
Said photograph shows a bus stop advertisement in Greg’s borough, declaring Mary a wanted woman. Dead or alive. John feels like he’s choking.
John wishes he could delete the memory, but his mind doesn’t work like Sherlock’s. Instead, he can’t stop turning it over and over and over in his head no matter how big a gulp he takes from the whiskey tumbler. It inevitably leads him down memory lane, to Janine coming out of Sherlock’s bedroom, calling him ‘Sherl’ and moving the coffee to where it makes no bloody sense whatsoever.
“Said she was out drinking with her new colleagues, so I reckon she got a new job. You can ask her yourself when you come down,” she adds pointedly and John takes the hint.
John hates it.
“Just saying it. Someone has to.”
“You’ve been drugged.”
“Videos are a lot more fun, too. More
Watching Dimmock’s mind process this situation would be amusing if it weren’t so vexing. Eventually, the man spits out a “Fine!” and organises them a police car to take them to Reading, sirens blaring.
, is at the tip of his tongue.
“No rush, sexy. This is only the beginning. Besides,” Moriarty adds, voice dripping with sarcasm, “I don’t much fancy running into your big brother today, Sherlock. That can wait. You need me, Sherlock. Your fairy tale needs a villain. Every hero needs a nemesis.”
“Splendid idea!” Greg agrees with mock cheer. “Could also trust our word, mind you. But I’ll sign something if I have to.”
“Mycroft first,” Sherlock croaks.
Mycroft’s men intervened the very second the Waters gang stormed the factory. John managed to flip the table Mary had been perched on when they entered and manhandled Sherlock behind the cover it provided, pressing him down with a strong hand on his shoulder.
The way Mycroft hesitated will forever be burnt into John’s memory.
Mycroft raises his fingers to massage his temples. “My hands were tied.”
John grits his teeth. “She was just a nurse.”
“It’s bloody cruel, that’s what it is,” James curses, his grip tightening on Q’s shoulder. “How old was she?”
People really need to stop doing that.
A door on the other side of the sitting room opens after a rapid knock and an “Enter,” from Sholto, but Sherlock barely registers what the servant says. He should have paid more attention, or he would have had a few minutes to deduce how and why his brother Mycroft is here.
He wants to go on but if he does, John knows he’ll start shouting and that would alert the staff that he snuck in before morning rounds. He can’t risk getting banned, not when being here is the only thing in his life that still makes sense.
A whisper in 1895.
“I do skim the headlines occasionally,
“What Doctor Watson is endeavouring to communicate, as per his usual maundering,” Mycroft intervenes, “is that you might reconsider the gleeful expression your current predicament evokes.”
“That was my intention. However, I miscalculated. It seems that Mr Magnussen and my brother share a memory technique.”
A heavy breath. “I couldn’t say.”
“So you’re saying he’s targeting Sherlock, but he’s not done playing yet?” John feels the need to clarify. Damn Mycroft’s love for ambiguity.
“No, it’s not.” John’s voice has dropped into dangerous lows. Hands clenching at his side. Sherlock swallows. “You went into cardiac arrest, Sherlock. Small-wave atonic fibrillation. You had blood in your pericardial sac, for Christ’s sake. Human hearts aren’t supposed to have blood in there, you know.”
“The Waters gang,” John suddenly remembers. “You said something she did cost a life. They’ll be –” he breaks off as he connects the dots. It’s like plunging in ice water.
“We? Nothing.
“It’s the most logical course of action, John –”
The line cuts off.
“Johnny,” Harry breathes, her voice slurred but joyful. She is lying on the cot in the otherwise empty cell, half asleep. “You came. Didn’t think you would. Made a bet with the fit sergeant. Said my favourite minger would come. I owe her a kiss now.”
“No, but I found her phone. I’ll see if there’re any clues.”
Above Lukas on the wall, large letters have been written in blood.
He grabs some aspirin for himself to battle the headache that has been building throughout the past hour and leaves his sister to sleep it off. When he returns to a still empty 221B, John breathes a sigh of relief. If Sherlock never meets Harry, it will have been too soon.
Back on English soil and rather miffed, he concludes. Just what John’s night needed.
“Hello?” she asks, phone at her ear.
The majority obeys. Sherlock slips into his mind palace, sifting through everything he knows about Lukas and the other victims. No connection – the killer must be on a self-righteous crusade for an abstract ideal. Revenge? For what? The only think worthy of reproach that Lukas has ever done in his life is –
“Fascinating,” escapes Sherlock, and two Watsons look up with identical tilts of their heads.
“How’s that supposed to help?” Greg runs a hand through his hair, shaking his head.
Flashing on every screen in the country.
Moriarty hums, drawing out the sound in an exaggerated fashion.
“Hang on, that sounds familiar…”
John wants to shout and rage at the unfairness of it but the words get stuck in his throat.
“I must admit I’m surprised,” John says once Sherlock and he are in the cab back to Baker Street.
“Magnussen was not inclined to share. Maybe she fell in love.”
“That’s why you only brought two agents here,” Sherlock hisses. “That’s why you left Anthea behind.”
of his text alert brings relief, as well as instructions to leave his attack dogs at the door.
Mycroft inclines his head. “She had surpassed mother’s accomplishments before she hit puberty.”
Inspector,” Dimmock corrects. “How’d you know?”
The silence stretches. John drives on, taking them southeast, one eye on his companion and another on his surroundings. At least the petrol was almost full when they picked it up and their destination isn’t too far away from London, but it still takes until after nightfall before they approach the large grounds surrounding the country house.
She looks well – brown hair falling in shiny waves, designer clothes, a self-satisfied smirk on her lips as she regards Sherlock.
He’d take one of Sherlock’s mad experiments over this any day. When he wakes up, he vows, he’ll never complain again. Vows. A lot of vows got broken this week.
Sherlock blinks. “Cats can’t smile.”
The screen remains black but someone is whimpering – female, late teens. An abrupt cut shows Moriarty from the chest up, wearing charcoal Westwood and a smirk.
Wonderful.
“Miss me?” Sherlock quips, which earns him something that is half laugh, half annoyed grunt.
Molly Hooper drops by to whisk him away for a bland dinner in the hospital mess.
John’s finger is already on the trigger.
“There’s no need for you to –” Sherlock tries to interrupt, but John doesn’t let him.
Sholto considers him for another moment, then takes a step forward. John needs to use every ounce of self-control he has to not shirk back.
“A criminal organisation, believed to be originating from the Waters family in London, spanning the globe. You might recall the series of bank robberies that Detective Inspector Lestrade was investigating.”
Dimmock chooses to pay attention.
Anthea acknowledges his decision with a brief nod before taking the second folder underneath her tablet and holding it out to John. He accepts it with a weary frown. It contains a little over thirty pages in packs of three, neatly stapled together. Property listings, background on the respective neighbourhoods, OFSTED reports about suitable nurseries, evaluations.
“I think you shouldn’t be so sure, John. I thought you’d learned your lesson by now.”
“Don’t you dare –” Mary begins, but Magnussen talks over her.
“I shall take my leave,” Sholto announces. “Please do send for me once you move on to more… practical matters.”
Janine’s grin widens. “Sussex Downs. It’s gorgeous. There’s bee hives, but I’m getting rid of those.”
“That’s how the situation appears, yes.”
“If she’s the one who broke into CAM tower, then who’s the poor sod who took the fall?”
John’s bladder is what forces him to get up. When he returns to the room, the sight of Sherlock’s pale, too-thin body hits John like a punch in the gut. He steps closer despite how much it hurts. The rhythmic beeping of the heart monitor is proof that the person who saved his life is still there.
The older Holmes rises from the second chair, buttoning up his jacket. He doesn’t give a verbal goodbye, but he does tilt his head in parting. John returns it and watches the man leave the room.
They split up to look for evidence. John is still paging through a file that looks promising when Sherlock returns – his gun lowered. John is immediately suspicious.
“I’m not a complete idiot, you know.”
“You still owe me a list, Sherlock.”
John almost stumbles from how fast his muscles tense up. “You let her escape?”
Love.
“Talk, John. I still love you.”
John licks his lips but doesn’t enquire further.
Was there a clue in the sign language used at the Diogenes? Why would his mind imagine Mycroft increased like that, only to oppose it with the visual of a bare fridge? Why did the post-it read 13th? If the John in his mind palace was a projection of his subconscious, what significance carried the maid he never mentions in his write-ups for the Strand?
John barely dares to breathe, let alone look at Sherlock to see if the man has picked up on the wording.
Jim doubles over with laughter in response. In doing so, the hand around John’s shoulder withdraws – small mercies.
John’s steps falter. His grip on his phone tightens. “Oh?”
“Oh, so I’m criticising the government’s cyber security and not excusing a Secret Service fuck up?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You!” John hisses, reeling back.
His phone chimes with a text alert. A glance at the screen confirms his suspicion.
He sets down the bottle on the living room table on his way to the front door. The clock says it’s four in the morning. John spares a thought to his gun, securely locked in the safe behind the print of Freddie Mercury, but reckons that any threat to him wouldn’t have the courtesy of announcing their presence.
“Pressure point.” Mary smiles, but it doesn’t reach her eyes. It’s like watching a different person. “You’re Magnussen’s source. I knew it was only a matter of time before you used me and my child for your games.”
“Sorry, what?”
Sherlock falls silent as the siblings seem to laps into nonverbal communication that goes completely over John’s head.
“The host agreed to the talking points we specified; there will be no untoward questions. I brought the script, in case you wish to take a look.”
Sherlock apparently does. There is a twinkle in his eye and a smile tugging at his lips. “Then so it shall be.”
“Please do,” Lestrade chimes in. “We’ll wait outside.”
John barks a laugh. “Oh, just like that? Where’s my wife, then?”
John has half a mind to just ignore it, pretend he’s out on a case with his phone muted, to protect himself from yet another codswallop… Though no matter how little they get on, she’s still his sister.
“What happened between our domestic and Christmas?” John challenges, then Mycroft takes over.
John nods, then rushes upstairs to change.
“She’s working now,” Moran laughs. His laugh is as obnoxious as his face.
“Which means…?”
“But how will you decorate the nursery?”
Dread pools like lead in John’s stomach.
“Unfortunately so.” Mycroft shifts his weight, his unease obvious even to John. “That first time we crossed paths was unintentional, but it ensured Moriarty’s continued interest in my career.”
“You will get no such thing, brother mine.”
Mary on the plane, hacking MI5’s database.
John narrows his eyes. “He’s not cooperating?”
, and
Mycroft holds his glare for a moment, then makes his way to the decanter on a side table. He pours three glasses, two of which he places in front of them. He empties the third in one go and promptly refills it.
“Don’t patronise me, Mycroft,” John spits. “You’re the British government – you know things.”
Licking his lips, John forces himself to look at the other two men in the room. “Well, we’ve, uh, got to find Moriarty. I doubt he’s in the yellow pages?” No one laughs, which John expected, though it looks like Sherlock’s lips twitched at least. He crosses his arms. “Maybe Mary knows where he’s holed up?”
“Casual acquaintance or boyfriend?” Sherlock asks. “These details are important.”
“Yeah, heart’s gone, too… Sherlock? There’s a note,” John says, but his voice sounds muted.
“Enter,” James says after a beat. John turns away from the door to hide his face until he has schooled his features again.
“I’m more worried Mr Moran’s gonna put me in the stocks at midday if I mislabel one more item in his household.”
Mycroft tsks. “So slow. Not at the aquarium, dear brother.”
“The plane,” Sherlock tries, but Mycroft cuts him off.
“I’ve got all night,” John whispers darkly after a while. As stubborn as the Holmes brothers are, John can out-stubborn them both. Today is no exception.
Two steps and Sherlock is at John’s side at the desk where John is already typing. The website is pitch-black and empty save for a single video, captioned “What a comeback!”
He can’t find a garage or anything of the like, so John parks the battered Volvo just off the roundel in front of the main doors. The building consists of a vast three-floor baroque monstrosity with extensions from later periods to the side. It would fit John’s childhood home fifteen times… at least. Ignoring the pang of anger, John climbs the stairs with Sherlock right behind him. He can’t make out a bell or a knocker in the dark, though he needn’t have worried: with a creak that has him tense, the doors swing open.
He quickly kicks the other gun across the floor, silencer and speckles of blood included, before gesturing at Magnussen to let John take over pressing Sherlock’s scarf against the entry wound.
“He said he’d ra– … That he’d rather have anyone but you. Anyone.”
Sherlock focuses on the seam of the unflattering hospital gown.
“It’s called sibling rivalry. I’m sure you’re familiar with the concept.”
Wordlessly, John holds out Sherlock’s phone. Their fingers touch as Sherlock accepts it.
He watches the squirrels in St James’s Park until the sun has risen fully, then passes through Hyde Park and watches people instead. Ordinary people, going about their ordinary lives. To think, once upon a time, John thought nothing ever happened to him.
“If I’d delivered them on a stage in front of cameras with you whispering in my ear?” John snorts. “Sorry, mate. Not doing that again. You should’ve known better, Mycroft. I thought you were the smart one.”
John’s eyes flick to his. “How’d you know?”
“I’m afraid my prowess lay elsewhere. My eyes were set on politics around the same time she lost her heart to numbers and formulas.”
He can see it clearer once he has reduced the distance to a meter. They slit her throat and gouged out her eyes.
John agrees. In fact, he’s already turning around to get the SIS agent on his tail to give him a ride to Harry’s flat. In the backseat of the sleek car, he dials a number he only ever made use of on one other occasion. John still remembers the condolence card it was written on, a sincere apology above. Donovan managed to deal with her guilt and moved on, unlike some of her colleagues.
“You weren’t slow to learn Serbian,” Sherlock continues, unblinking through his rapid deductions. “You were afraid.”
“We have to pull the meeting forward and she needs to be there, but she’s not answering her phone or the landline, John. I’m really worried. I’m on my way into the office so I can’t check on her – would you mind?”
A shadow darkens Mycroft’s features. John can practically feel the sorrow and guilt radiating off the man. In stark contrast, his voice remains a monotonous stream of words.
The flat seems unchanged. No signs of struggle. No blood or other bodily fluids.
Sherlock smiles back.
Sherlock stares at his laptop screen.
“Who’s trying to mess with you, mate? Why use her like that?”
“Mary Morstan is one of many aliases that have been matched to Gabrielle Ashdown, a former CIA operative who went rogue five years ago. She has been connected with seven assassinations, four terrorist attacks and several smaller heists. The reasons for her presence in your life are as of yet unclear.”
Groaning, John lets his head fall back against the wall of the lift they are currently riding. Their target: a senior banker who is lining her pockets by means of insider trading. What the woman did to incur Moriarty’s wrath is still beyond him, though.
Sherlock’s head is starting to hurt. Everything is spinning, John transforming into Watson in Victorian garb and back again, layers upon layers all bleeding into one until Sherlock sees it clear as reality – because it
The thought of Spotted Dick, who is actually Gary and the chaviest bloke John’s ever met, living in this mansion is hilarious enough that John forgets his nerves for a moment.
Molly doesn’t reply. Instead, she reaches into the pocket of her trousers, unearthing a piece of paper.
Mycroft, of course, fits into the sitting room like it was built around him. He and James exchange the introductory pleasantries you need to have been raised on to master with the two SIS agents who accompanied the older Holmes stationed outside the kitchen. If it weren’t for Sherlock barging into the situation with a vicious, “What the hell are you doing here, Mycroft?” John might have suffocated.
A memory flashes across Sherlock’s mind, making him shudder. He grits his teeth. It’s neither Christmas nor is there a wronged secretary on the loose.
“Who, indeed, Doctor Watson.”
“Mycroft didn’t order this. I did.”
A knock.
“I’m sorry,” John interrupts. “Where were you staying?”
“Are you able to remember one more?” Sherlock challenges with a smirk.
“There’s no need, sir –”
“Yes, it was.”
John ignores Mike’s calls and Greg’s texts asking if he wants to meet for a pint. He ignores his house in favour of Baker Street. John ignores pretty much everything until the head of Human Resources at his surgery asks him if he wishes to return after his leave is up.
Janine doesn’t miss a beat. “We’re not putting a label on it.”
John feels his jaw clench. “Ta.”
“But?”
Their situation is buggered to hell, but John can’t help smirking when he holds out the second gun he pinched on his way out to Sherlock when he catches up with him behind the line of trees.
It startles a laugh out of John as he climbs to his feet. “Course you’d deduce your own medical history, you cock. Yes, you fell into a coma five days ago.”
reality.
He snaps around to Magnussen. The man is leaning back against his desk as if he is watching a fascinating programme on the telly.
John has a twenty-minute cab ride into the city centre to process the new information, to calm down and stifle the panic rising in his chest. He distracts himself with googling Moran’s company and lands on the tongue-in-cheek page of “Moranic”. They have government contracts, too.
“Wrong move, Mrs Watson,” Moriarty growls from the phone now lying on the concrete floor, still on speaker. His presence fills the room regardless. “You have nowhere left to run. Wherever you go, I will find you. I will kill you, oh yeah, but only after I make you watch what I do to John Watson. I’ll make Helmand look like a ride at Disney World…”
“Who was right behind you? Think, Sherlock!”
“Sorry. Should’ve got you something first.”
“No case – check your email, I sent you a photo. I’m on my way.”
“Was.”
“Good evening, Captain Watson. Sir will be right with you,” says a butler.
“Harry never made me embarrass myself in front of a media tycoon,” John shouts back.
“Aw, poor Johnny-boy,” Moriarty drawls. “Once again helpless while the enemy has a gun to your comrade’s head.” Jim leans in closer. “How’s it feel? You’re imagining bashing my brains in now, aren’t you? But you can’t,” he whispers, his face now centimetres away from John’s cheek.
“Sleep is boring.”
“It is time for more practical matters, I assume? I checked the armoury; it won’t be the kind of equipment you’re used to, sir,” he tips his head to Mycroft, “but it’ll do the trick. We require a plan first, however.”
Useful to know for this chapter: In the UK, you don’t have to wait 48 hours to file a missing persons report.
One of Magnussen’s papers boasts a three page spread on the shooting, identifying John as the hero who saved Magnussen’s life. The mob of photographers has now taken up residence near John’s home in the suburbs, so he goes back to Baker Street where he helps Mrs Hudson with her Sudoku in a desperate attempt to distract the woman.
He never gets around to preparing the meal, however, not with Dimmock rudely entering the flat without as much as a knock.
The hallways are void of any cameras, traps or wires, yet the fact does nothing to assuage them.
“There is no ‘we’.”
“Come on, Gavin just arrived to drive us back,” Sherlock informs him – without letting John in on the how, naturally – and slips into his coat.
She dies in an explosion, even though Sherlock solved all of Moriarty’s puzzles.
“I’m afraid Mr Holmes has lapsed into a coma.”
Silence envelopes them.
And yet, curiosity cannot make him look away from John. It feels like a lifetime ago that he saw him, the real him, not some rendering of his subconscious. It is early morning, judging by the sunlight entering the room, but the doctor is fast asleep.
The doorbell rings just as John puts the kettle on. Sherlock and his eyes meet across the flat.
“There was a bottle of chardonnay in the cupboard. And one of the Johnny Walker, too. What did you do with them?”
Sherlock watches John pick the handcuff’s lock and free his sister’s wrist, cataloguing the subtle shifts in body language. His initial deduction about their strained relationship is thrown into even starker relief through hesitation in John's touches and the stiffness of his spine as he helps her up.
Before Sherlock can react, and with a sickening sense of déjà vu, the red dot of a sniper visor appears on John’s forehead. It’s steady, meaning the sniper is either incredibly good or rather close – or both. John’s eyes search the space behind Sherlock and Janine until he freezes.
The estate has a period-typical layout, which makes finding the kitchen not a problem. His steps falter when the sound of conversation reaches his ears. The door must be ajar.
He turns away from Neel, whose grin drops, towards Sherlock who is walking towards them, Moran and Janine at his heels. Moran does not look happy, John notes with a bit of satisfaction.
The person firing the guns, a young man of Indian descent if John were to make a guess, also has cleaning supplies in his vicinity at the house’s shooting range. The long room stretches along the house’s east wing with a door on the other side leading onto the grounds.
“It’s an anagram,” Mycroft tells them.
“Hm.”
A sickening sense of foreboding settles in John’s bones.
Mary draws a wet breath. “Please, John. You mustn’t make me tell you.”
That receives a genuine smile from the woman. “Whatever might we deduce from that?”
A window breaks not far from them but Sherlock focuses on wrestling the gun from Janine’s grip, which earns him a kick to the knee that destabilises him. The gun drops to the ground but the woman is quicker – she sends it across the linoleum floor with the force of her kick.
“What, you mean you can’t deduce that?”
John checks his messages – there are two missed calls from Mycroft and a text.
Miss Aldridge suffers a bullet wound to the leg as well as some bruises from John restraining her. The young man – her assistant – proves rather helpful in locating evidence.
John is staring ahead, eyes alight but joints firmly locked.
“We’re two sides of the same coin,” Sherlock says. “Or at least, that’s what he believes.”
“He’s back. I’ve got a case.”
He doesn’t seem to have noticed that he is being blatantly flirted at. Small mercies, John thinks as he forces his hands to unclench.
Right – Sherlock, with so much sadness in his eyes when all this time he’s been so straight-faced and collected. Sherlock, who didn’t think it might be necessary to tell him that his own wife is
Mycroft Holmes is sitting in the visitor chair.
“Moriarty?” John rears back. “You’re –
“Chess,” he echoes. “With whom?”
Mary’s soft tone is at odds with her appearance: exhaustion is etched into her features, her hair matted; her dark clothes have seen better days. Sherlock can retrace her steps five days into the past and what he sees does not bode well.
“I froze,” he echoes, sounding hollow. “It would have been my first kill.”
“You know, John, for a while I thought you were stood apart from the hoi polloi, but apparently you are nothing but an ordinary goldfish after all.”
of a text alert registers faintly. Sherlock stares at the crime wall. He prefers John’s arrangements as opposed to his own since he arranges the evidence in a way Sherlock would never have conceived of, thus keeping him on his toes. This time, however, it fails to catalyse neither epiphany nor new impulse.
Sherlock stares. Mycroft smirks. John’s face remains blank until it becomes clear that Sherlock is at a loss for words.
“No, you won’t.”
He sees John’s brow furrow out of the corner of his eye.
He tries despite of it. “I just… wondered how things were going and… and if there was anything I could do.”
“The tower, Sherlock! The tower!”
“You’re nothing but a pawn in this game of chess,” Mycroft spits, his usual air of decorum gone as he talks over John. “Remember your place and everything will be fine.”
John feels his jaw clench. Three words have never hurt this much. He glances down to check the faint rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest is still there.
Wow, thank you all for the kudos, comments and bookmarks! It's great to see this so well received, it's an immense motivational boost :)
*exchanges high-fives with Jim and cackles*
“Because you caught him.” It isn’t a question. The conclusion is not hard to draw.
“We still maintain my father’s armoury. You’re welcome to restock and rest.” James pauses. “And after that?”
Janine shrugs. “A girl can dream.”
Sherlock opens his eyes.
Mycroft remains quiet for a very long time. Eventually he sighs. It sounds like the weight of the world is resting on his shoulders – and maybe it is.
“Janine?”
She could have let the desk sergeant deal with Harry, could have let something slip to the papers – what a wonderful scandal that would have been, the blogger’s drunk sister sleeping it off in a cell – or exchanged it for a favour of some kind, but for some reason, Donovan chose to do the nice thing.
John huffs, balling his hands into fists. “Listen, you pompous prick. Either you tell me what’s going on, or I’ll introduce that brilliant head of yours to the surface of my kitchen counter.”
“The moustache wasn’t that bad,” John grumbles, if only to hide the blush that is threatening to creep up his neck.
“The world does not revolve around my little brother, regardless of what you might think.”
She makes to continue but John doesn’t have the nerve to listen. “I’ll pay for the damage.”
“Faint smell of lemongrass. Over the course of our cohabitation, I have catalogued the deterioration of its –” is as far as he gets before succumbing to a coughing fit.
John blinks. “Breakfast?”
“This is a Public Service Announcement,” he says in a dull monotone before his grin broadens. “Surprise!”
Mycroft’s eyes widen ever so slightly – he’s on to something.
“And my front door’s on the other side of the house, you daft git. You know that, you helped us choose it. And you know the Six Thatchers, too. We solved it already.”
“I’m afraid at thirteen weeks pregnant, she didn’t have any choice but to take it with her.”
“Oohhh, John Watson, I’m so glad I didn’t have you killed yet,” Moriarty jeers once he has caught his breath. “This was fun, seriously. But I think it’s time, isn’t it? The big show down belongs to Sherlock and me. No third-wheeling this time, Johnny… Even the most loyal dog will die…” Jim lifts his manic eyes to meet Sherlock’s as his voice drops low. “Redbeard.”
It’s driving John sparse – though that might have also been due to all the calls and emails he has to struggle through to filter out actual cases.
Heaving a sigh, Mycroft places his umbrella on the kitchen counter next to John’s empty tumbler. He isn’t wearing a coat, or else he probably would have removed it in order to buy some more time. John feels his lip twitch as his chest swells with anger.
“You did well,” Sherlock says once the chap has run off to check the cabinets. “Rather clever deduction.”
Someone is saying his name, softly, as if they are talking to a scared animal. Maybe he is. Was Zed scared? Did they slit her throat first? Or start with the eyes?
The debrief is lengthy. Four people died – two policemen, two civilians, including the driver of the German sports car. M asks Q to look into the traffic light glitch once the analyst on the case has failed to uncover anything, and he has to bite his tongue in order to stifle the hysterical bout of laughter rising in his chest.
“You should call it a night, Harry.” John makes sure to keep any reproachful inflection from his tone. “Or don’t you have to work tomorrow?”
Sherlock gulps. “Something is going to happen.”
“Save any pent-up sarcasm until later, Mycroft,” Sherlock begins, “because I have uncovered the darkest secret we shall ever come across and I will need your undivided attention to guide you through the web of interconnecting deductions necessary to –”
“We have gleaned valuable information on Moriarty’s motives tonight,” Mycroft says.
Mycroft enters the room hours later, looking as though he didn’t sleep at all. He is also carrying a brown paper bag.
“I attended a party and stayed the night.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John nods.
“Why aren’t you here, then? We’ll end this once and for all.”
“Then I suggest you take Miss Hooper and scuttle.”
“We should start thinking about names, John. It’d be easier if we knew the gender,” she adds pointedly. “But I always liked Rosamund. What do you think?”
It hurts, even through the haze of morphine and emotional numbness. To think John used to –
“Get him,” John orders.
Cherise’s family asks them not to attend the memorial service on Halloween.
Dismantling Moriarty's network bore less risk to his own survival than going up against the criminal himself for one final confrontation.
All John manages is a shrug, but it seems to satisfy Greg. The door clicks shut behind him.
“Like you’re going to do anything about it.” To John, she says, “No worries – he needs her more than she needs him.”
. This is getting tedious.
Meanwhile, Janine remains unresponsive.
“Well, John,” Jim says, almost exasperatedly so. “Any last words?”
John forces his hands to relax. He’s had to overcome a lot in his lifetime. If he could do it then, he’ll do it now, too. He’s going to be fine.
“Are you quite finished?”
Neel ends up a sobbing lump pressed against the wall. Janine takes pity and agrees not to press charges, even demands from Moran to write a letter of recommendation and not broadcast why Jones has to leave his job.
John must have fallen into one of his nightmares. Because this? This can’t be reality.
It sounds exactly like something the older Holmes would do. John almost giggles, meeting Sholto’s questioning expression before watching him nod at his butler. Butler, Jesus.
“Ruin your fairy tale, would it?”
John follows the winding path up the hill, gravel crunching underneath their wheels. Sherlock sits up with a start.
“– untangle the consp- what?” Sherlock stares at John.
John’s lips twitch. The familiarity of it is soothing.
“I’ve got it under control,” Harry assures him. The way she’s wriggling out of her dress makes the statement fall flat, though.
“This is Sergeant Donovan. There’s someone in a holding cell you might want to come fetch.”
John gasps as it comes to him. “Pinewood Hill.”
“Oh?”
“It’s all there, hidden in their personal files: Alice Pearson, the first victim, left her little sister alone at home so she could snog her boyfriend when she was a teenager. She had also left the oven switched on, causing gas to leak and subsequently ignite. Her sister spent six years in a coma before being taken off life support. Brendan Tavoli was playing with his father’s gun when he accidentally pulled the trigger, unaware that his little brother had been looking for him. He was dead immediately. Mark Gleeson failed to check his sister’s skiing gear before they set off. She broke her neck, much like Lukas’s twin when he shoved him in the living room while high. They’d argued over the last bag of crisps.”
Barely two sentences, spoken four years ago. The Woman. And a ruse.
Sherlock’s lips twist into a smug smile. “Why indeed.”
“Tell her to fire her solicitor. He’s hiding the money he’s embezzling as donations to Amnesty International. The rest can wait. This is far more interesting,” Sherlock declares, and John knows better than to argue.
“If this is so bloody important, why isn’t he here in person then, hm?”
“I’ve missed you. Did you miss me, too, Sherlock?”
“You work there, too?”
“How should I know?”
“No, John, you mustn’t believe that. All that was real, I swear! I was only supposed to keep an eye on you, maybe seduce you. It stopped being a job for me on our second date.” A smile blooms on Mary’s face. “Remember that, darling?”
Aw, Sherlock, you're making me swoon...  but the real question is: whom did Greg take out to a date?
He moves to the window to peer past the curtains. “They sure got great cover right now.”
“Are you sure, Mr Holmes?” Moran butts in. “I admit you might be correct in your first set of assumptions, but why would Neel steal a necklace that only has sentimental value?”
“May I help you, sir?”
– But of course, Mary is dead now. Sherlock shot Magnussen for her and now John shot her. Of course Sherlock would be sad.
“Deceased.”
A sigh. “Brilliant. If the meat tastes bland, it’s your fault.”
“The detective said you wouldn’t go on your own,” she admits, eyes darting back and forth between him and Sherlock.
Mycroft steps past him, walks out from behind the kitchen island and crosses the room. He returns with the already open bottle of some red wine Mary bought before the wedding and never was able to finish due to the pregnancy. John hates wine, but Mycroft doesn’t share his aversion.
“Of course…” Sherlock’s eyes have become unfocussed. “Moriarty wants us to save her. Everyone she’s wronged will be after her, chase her until they can execute her for her mistakes.”
Later, with a glass of the Black Label he talked Mrs Hudson into buying for him and against the backdrop of melancholy violin music, John considers his options. Somehow, suddenly, the entire shambles has become very, very real.
“Should’ve got the gun after all,” John chuckles.
It takes another long, drawn-out moment until the veil that seems to be dulling his senses lifts and his thoughts begin to clear. Q finds himself huddled against James’ side, burrowing closer to the warmth and comfort his body offers up so freely, so naturally.
Sherlock just rolls his eyes. “They already have, John. Please focus on the problem at hand.”
WHAT’S THE MOTIVE, SHERLOCK?
“Perpetrator?”
“Indeed.”
Renewed panic spurs Sherlock on. Janine is out cold moments later.
Mycroft’s face remains blank.
“Motive?” Dimmock stammers like the blundering idiot Sherlock has been telling Lestrade he is. “Of a psychopathic serial killer?”
Mycroft returns to his office without another glance.
The camera pans, focus shifting. Behind Moriarty in front of a generic white canvas (either hiding the background to avoid the location being traced or a red herring) sits a young woman that looks strangely familiar.
“No. But there’s still our little problem.”
“I don’t remember having one.” Sherlock’s voice is soft. “But I think I saw her.”
John is still shaking with adrenaline when Mycroft joins him at the ambulance.
“Yeah?” he says into the receiver.
Sholto is the first to ask the obvious. “From whom?”
over and over again on a masochistic loop.
John processes, grip on his Sig tightening. “Why? What do you want?”
“She hurt her hand and she’s refusing to go to A&E, said she’ll only let you take a look, I’m sorry to bother you this late but she’s really worked up.”
They find Janine inside what used to be the common area, a large space with high windows and a door hidden behind an alcove that leads out onto the terrace. Janine is still tied to that chair, rope chafing her wrists and ankles.
“On behalf of wronged and deceased siblings,” Sherlock confirms. “Obviously flawed in its logic but to our killer it certainly is perfectly sound. She probably lost a sibling recently at the hand of an older one –”
He’s not a boffin like Sherlock, he can’t call up her GPS data or anything fancy like that, but what he can do is check her photos for anything suspicious. A few blurry pictures that wankers like Moran would probably call ‘artistic’ of the Gideon; Janine and Moran, arm in arm; another one of Harry and Janine and a group shot of four – right, she said that Danny bloke had to leave – taken from behind the bar: Moran on the left pressed close against Janine, next to Harry who has her arm around…
“She died when you were eleven after you hadn’t seen her for a whole year and a half. She spent most of your life away from our home.”
“Not an orphanage. Old weapon’s factory near Manchester.”
John’s steps falter. “No, it’s… thanks.”
John doesn’t trust it. Not yet, anyway.
Sure enough, Sherlock is already opening his mouth, undoubtedly to tell him how flawed his philosophy is, but the sound of footsteps interrupts them.
“Miss Aldridge was incredibly clever, John,” Sherlock admits. He sounds perfectly sincere. “Made me remove the ammunition clip. I’m defenceless. It’s like Gottle o’ geer all over again.”
“Who then?” Mycroft implores.
“Oh, didn’t I mention that deduction?” Sherlock calls from the bathroom. The sneer is practically
“Yes, Sherlock. Good job. But still too slow… I know you’ve got it in you, Sherlock. You can do better. What kind of nemesis would I be if didn’t encourage you to grow? Well, honey… Here’s some incentive.”
That night, the sound of Sherlock’s violin comes as a welcome distraction. So much so, in fact, that John doesn’t hear a key unlock the front door downstairs. It’s only Anthea who materialises in 221B, though.
“Just you wait until it’s made the papers, Holmes –”
James finally rises to his feet and Q tries the same, but his knees are still wobbly and it takes longer than it should to manoeuvre himself upright. His bones feel heavy, his body numb.
“But… he wasn’t there. He didn’t see her. We confronted her. He forgave her.”
And yet he can’t go through with his plan.
An exhale. Sherlock can see John perfectly in his mind’s eye, has witnessed this first hand: shoulders squared, back straight.
Until he does.
Well, Anthea with an absolutely mental proposition.
“Work which you are a vital part of.”
He tears his eye from his best friend to the person’s face underneath him. The beanie is hiding her blonde hair but her features are unmistakable.
The last bit is bellowed into the microphone. Sherlock refuses to twitch at the shouting.
“As always you are much too hasty in drawing your conclusions.” Sherlock spins on his heels but it’s no use – too many people, too many phones pointed at him, undoubtedly recording his every micro-expression. “ENOUGH!” he bellows. His voice jumps off the walls in the most satisfying manner. “Nobody move, nobody think, nobody breathe!”
[07:14 AM] Are you stuck? Is it too hard?
Harry’s mobile. A shiny, newer model, edges and power outlet already marred with scratches.
“I do.”
His hands are balling into fists against the prickly hospital sheets.
“That’s one long con, Sherlock.”
- Extended Mind Palace (EMP), monikakrasnorada's
The detective’s lips curl into a smile. “Good thinking.”
The resulting staring match doesn’t last particularly long, either because Anthea can tell that John’s not backing down about this or because she decided there are better uses for their time.
“Bank robberies. I thought she was a gun for hire.”
John squints. “What?”
Sherlock moves past him. “I outrank them. If Mycroft didn’t tell them to ignore me, they have to follow my orders if they don’t want me to drag them in front of the disciplinary committee. Again. Always fun – maybe I should provoke them.”
“I’ll file a missing person report.”
Mycroft looks like he bit into a particularly sour lemon. “There is a charity event at the Ritz he will attend.”
“- father is on the other side of the building,” he hears Sholto say. “Marcus informed me he has retired. He’ll only speak with his nurse for the rest of the night. He won’t bother us.”
“Incapacitate me.”
The consulting criminal himself is long gone – the sound of a helicopter engine roaring to life joins the bang of bullets from somewhere outside, presumably the street.
John glances up. A bland SIS agent is carrying the IV bags and the rest of the supplies.
Q nods. “The eyes – it’s,” he has to swallow down the wave of nausea the mental image evokes before he is able to continue. “Symbolic. I saw too much. It’s a warning.”
Mycroft’s tone is tender, probably as close to pleading as the man is capable of. John’s mouth is dry, his heart beating in his throat.
The John in his mind palace smiles. “And you need to get a bloody move on.”
There is an appreciative gleam in Sherlock’s eyes that makes John’s chest swell a bit. “Hypotheses number one and two.”
John whips around to Sherlock, who repeats the acronym. Mycroft’s mask slips further, guilt welling up again through the cracks.
Sherlock began observing the hand in an attempt to determine the best way to act around John at this moment in time – John expresses worlds with simple gestures, Sherlock has found – but every line of the man’s body shouted at Sherlock to keep quiet. So Sherlock stopped observing and started watching instead.
“You’re actually over Clara, hm,” John mutters as the phone unlocks.
Mycroft does not thank him verbally, yet his eyes speak the words louder than the man himself ever could. Q takes a deep breath and forces his hands to stop shaking.
“Janine –”
John successfully coaxes Harry upright, words and movements coming back to him from the depths of his memories. They taste like bile in his mouth but they do the trick, and Harry eventually stands on wobbly feet looking for her wallet to show her new address to John.
He gives an encouraging hum and listens as the other man relates some encounters that paint their host in a much more favourable light than John’s impressions do.
“Sherlock,” he says. A smile tugs at his lips. “About time.”
Sherlock slips first into the bathroom to get the traces of sweat off his skin, then into trousers and a black shirt and jacket. When he emerges from his room, every pair of eyes in the living room is immediately on him. John’s face is grim. Something happened.
Another
John waits, but that seems all the older Holmes wanted to say. “That’s… informative.”
“For the final act. Our, ha…” Another laugh, then Moriarty’s voice drops into a seductive drawl, “Our
“It’s about Harry. Might have gone missing. Damn, I’m almost hoping she’s on a bender.”
“But why?” Janine asks. “It doesn’t make any sense.”
“You’re still in too deep, Sherlock. Didn’t you notice the cracks? The inconsistencies? The gaps in memories?”
Tonight, however, Zed seems to be in a strop. Maybe she is still mad for the night Q spent at HQ instead of at home where Zed could annoy James and him. Not even flicking on the light summons the cat.
“In my mind palace. With Redbeard.”
“Liar,” Moriarty goads. “Why else would you spend two years dismantling my network? Nice work, by the way, really. Kudos. Really drained the swamp over there. Saved me a lot of spring cleaning.”
“You were at the pool? As a
“You seem to be operating under the illusion that you wield any kind of power over my person, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft sneers. “I do not, in fact, answer to you.”
“Yes?”
“JOHN!” comes a call from downstairs.
The following day, it is Janine’s face that is plastered across the tabloid front pages. John empties the whiskey that night, rubbing his shoulder for long minutes without noticing in the dimly lit hallway of his house.
“Listen,” he says, his tone only one step short of full-on Captain Watson authority. “This is bigger than you getting credit for some arrest that Moriarty’s already planned on anyway. Lives are at stake and right now Sherlock is the only person in this city who can save them, so you’re going to shut up and help us, or I will
“And these vampires are still outside with their flashes and microphones,” John complains as he sets down another cup of tea on Monday morning. “Speedy’s is doing well, so that’s nice, but what’s so bloody hard to understand about ‘no comment’? At least we get some positive fan mail. Actual mail, too, it’s in the living room if you want proof that not everybody hates us for what happened. Oh, and I got a few offers from some brands, they want to pay me to mention them on my blog. Like I’d blog about which kind of pasta I buy, Jesus…”
“I need a favour. Are you at work?”
“How did you know, poppet?” Moriarty sneers, popping the ‘p’s. “How’d you know I’d turn on you?”
Mycroft inclines his head but doesn’t speak.
Something about his tone is off. John narrows his eyes. It must be the alcohol coursing through his blood that motivates the leap his mind makes that moment, for John doubts he would have voiced the thought when sober. It’s beyond ridiculous.
, that the mother of his
A shot rings out.
“Do you want to feel it?” she asks.
“Oh, I wasn’t aware solving crimes paid so handsomely,” Moran sneers. “Do you get half, or is your share proportional to the amount of help you provide?”
Even with the conclusion that Sholto senior is still alive and being cared for on the premises, Sherlock thinks he is missing something. Before the quiet has a chance to truly envelope them, however, Sholto junior chuckles.
Mary hums. “And for a boy? Hamish?” She snorts before John can react. “No, we don’t want to be that mean, do we?”
John’s hand clenches. “The baby.”
, the headline read. John only knows because Janine came for a visit. She never saw him but he heard her faintly through from his position outside the door, calling the still comatose Sherlock a bastard and murmuring something about saving it for marriage.
“You have a
So John lays down his weapon and raises his arms without complaint. Sherlock’s face doesn’t change, but the banker starts herding them back to the lift. In doing so, she pulls back the knife when readjusting her grip – the moment Sherlock has been waiting for.
“Need I remind you, Detective Inspector,” Mycroft cuts him off, “that I usually refer to Sir Hogan-Howe as ‘Bernard’?”
Only years of experience keep John on top of the assailant. He knows that voice. He hears it every day.
John curses, already moving to fetch some water as well as a doctor.
“As far as the public is concerned, you and Mary are both visiting my brother together. Being spotted on your own would call into question what I have so delicately planned.”
I have used
“What do you remember?”
She approaches slowly, her hands raised. Sherlock accepts the phone and switches it to speaker.
On the floor, Janine begins to stir. Sherlock scans the pairs of fighters to witness John leaning back to evade a seared blade, which he then turns on the attacker, ramming it between the fifth and the sixth left rib like only an army doctor could.
He had had to wait many years until an ex-army doctor called him 'brilliant' and 'amazing', shot a man to save his life, and accept to be his partner without any demands.
. He wasn't going to let a non-Holmes do his job.
“You are quite right. He is incorrigible,” the man said.
Sherlock smiled back. “You could say that, yes. But this notebook isn't that old,” he said, taking the notebook in his hands and deducing it, like it was one of the bodies at a crime scene. “Nobody could remember something so specific, I had dozens of notebooks like that. But by the strokes and by the fact that most of them are coloured, I can tell I was more than seven years old.”
“His hearing is too sensitive, dear, sometimes it bothers him,” Violet answered his little son while walking with him through her favourite garden path.
John knew better.
“No, quite the opposite. The drawings got better and richer in details after he left for boarding school.”
Sherlock had sat with his feet on the coffee table, with his fingers under his chin. He took his time to answer the question. John suspected that he didn't know how to answer. "No, I don't need the trunk anymore."
"But what does it mean?"
"Sebastian Wilkes."
"Sorry?" John asked, confused.
“I didn't suggest that you should eat the head! Did I?”
, if he needs.
The trunk had been a great idea. He knew that. John wasn't only a great doctor, he was a thoughtful friend, and he would always come up with the best solutions for these kinds of things. Sherlock was really good at helping people find clues and criminals, but John was even better in helping his friends. The trunk could help, but Sherlock couldn't bring himself to open it.
the violin. You're insulting Grandpa making dying cat noises, and Sherrinford is already dead, stop mocking the poor cat,” Mycroft said, while they walked out the imposing wooden doors.
“You wouldn't dare,” Sherlock hissed.
Packing his things to leave for Harrow, Sherlock thought of the one thing he could still take with him. Without too much trouble, he unburied and cleaned the skull of his little friend, and packed it with his books and journals. For the endless months and years of boring study and classmates, Sherrinford would always be someone Sherlock could talk to and his skull reminded the boy that life wasn't always so difficult.
"So you
“Mr. Holmes! That's exactly-”
“So, pirate...?” John said, handing the wooden sword to Sherlock and trying the control his anger.
" John asked, startled. He had already placed his plate of unfinished food on the coffee table. It would have been too much to expect that Sherlock would wait until he had finished eating before saying something like that. And John frankly didn't know when he would be able to eat again.
"Right," John said, just to get rid of the knot that was forming in his throat. He wished he didn't knew where this was going.
“So, who was the genius, then? Your mother or your father?” John asked.
John was never prepared to see that look on Sherlock's face, that look he had on his face when he thought he had seen a gigantic hound. John was never prepared to realize how young Sherlock seemed in those times.
John knew that everything in Sherlock's life was focused on the Work; the Work in which he wasn't only good, he was the best and the only one in the world. The Work that had allowed him to sit in front of Sebastian years later and maintain his dignity while that arrogant sod babbled about how much of a freak Sherlock was in Uni and how much everyone hated him.
you need them to do it.
The little boy frowned and placed his hands on his tiny hips. “Pirates live in ships. There aren't ships here,” he started.
. And thanks for following this story (:
Despite his age, Sherrinford did what he could to keep up with the younger Holmes. He would run around after the little curly boy while he collected his plants and insects outside the big house, and the two of them would always be seen together in the library. Sherlock with some thick chemistry volume and Sherrinford purring or sleeping on the boy's lap.
“Yes. And I have a friend who always have my back,” his voice softened, and he smiled. “Now, come on, pick something out of that stupid trunk! This conversation is getting so dull, I'm going to start shooting the walls!”
Sherlock was almost convinced that the best thing to do was to ignore the whole thing, to wait for the memories to get back without help. He, the great Sherlock Holmes, the world's only consulting detective, was afraid of some brain work. He, the self-proclaimed sociopath, was afraid of all the sentiment attached to the memories he would have to access. He wasn't stupid. He knew memories weren't only facts, even if he really liked to pretend most of the time. For example, he knew that knowing all the jumpers John had wasn't only the fact that John had many jumpers, but also what Sherlock had felt every single time John had used every single one of those hideous jumpers of his. Thinking about all the sentiment that was kept in that trunk made Sherlock shiver.
“Again with the eating?” Sherlock asked, trying to sound petulant, but not quite managing.
"Well, I'll bail you out. Try not to kill him. But if you can't help it, I know plenty of foolproof ways to dispose a body," Sherlock chuckled.
"Sebastian Wilkes, John, do keep up," Sherlock snapped, with a mouthful of noodles.
Sherlock thought.
John shook his head. “Poor cat, I imagine what was like when you were learning. It must've been hellish!”
? Was it warm in there? Why was it
"My memories of you never faltered," Sherlock said. At John's confused expression he explained: "In the hospital, every single time I woke up, I knew exactly who you were, and could remember everything about you, even how many jumpers you have."
“You could say that. Her father played the violin, actually. That,” Sherlock pointed at his violin with a shy smile, “was his violin. Mycroft and I play the piano, but I always preferred the violin, it's compact and mobile.”
“I don't like her,” John said with a forced calmness. “Never have. But what do I know? I'm just an ordinary bloke.”
“Sherrinford doesn't like my violin very much,” little Sherlock said to his mum on an afternoon, after his violin tutoring.
"I can't bloody well deduce your family history, can I? I don't know, it's nice knowing about your past, you never tell me anything."
“It's not psychology, it's the science of deduction. You should try some time; there's a website,” John said, smiling, while Sherlock rolled his eyes. “So. A hiding place for two needles and a picture of two young men. One of them must be you. Are you going to show me?”
John smiled fondly. “I'll tell you something, and you're not gonna like it. Mycroft actually helped you to find the perfect occupation.”
"How did you get those files?" he asked. "And can't you just solve one crime at a time? You ought to start slowly, you know? And yesterday you got pretty worked up," he said, even if he knew it wouldn't make any damn difference.
John was laughing. “You said you liked the cat and called him silly. I was called an idiot the day after we met, I see a pattern.”
“So, you are like her.” John said, thoughtful.
Everybody would know The Holmes didn't need anyone else.
are my exception."
This is the last but one!
“It was my grandmother's finding, actually. I remember I could smell her house's scent when I tore the wrapping paper, but I never told Mycroft that I knew,” Sherlock sighed.
“No, it doesn't matter, so tell me. Did. They. Beat. You?” John emphasised each word with the intonation of an angry parent.
John couldn't really help feeling responsible. It was something that filled him constantly, it had to do with the helplessness of living with Sherlock, but being so far away of his mind. Sherlock was an island, he always would be, partly because he behaved like that, but mostly because nobody could understand completely the amount of knowledge a single man could store.
“Of course. Here is the reprimand, some altercation with the Greek teacher,” Mr Elliot said, probably standing up, by the sound of his chair.
“Right, nice. It's beautiful; looks expensive. Is it a family thing?” John asked.
“Ovib... Obiu... ” Sherlock tried. “Obliv...,” he gritted his teeth.
“Just... Go away. Leave me alone,” Sherlock said, trying to curl into a ball even tighter.
“You kept the skeleton of your family cat, Sherlock, that’s not obvious,” John sighed. “Well, I guess it is for you. So, did you hate him, so you decided to keep his bones to experiment on them?”
“Aw, don't be jealous of our dates, Sherlock, just because your brother is so lovely,” John mocked and Sherlock smiled. “And no, you git, he told me you wanted to be a pirate. He told me this when he gave me those files about Irene,” he said, trying very hard not to remember Irene Adler and her strange ways.
Katherine had not been happy about it. The same argument he had had over and over again with his girlfriends, his sister, or anyone who didn't know Sherlock: ‘
John knew that Sherlock didn't need complete sentences to understand anything.
Mycroft knew what he wanted to be, and he was fortunate for being designed for the exact role he wanted to have. Looking at little Sherlock while he ran up and down the family house, the older sibling was filled with the feeling that maybe the world as it was would never be enough for him. Maybe someday little Sherlock would have to invent his own place in it.
“You know what? Don't bother. You have important things to remember. I'll call her to cancel.” John said, already standing up and heading for his room. “I'm going to change and then I'm going to make same tea. And you are eating biscuits.”
No. That wouldn't do.
They couldn't be normal, they weren't John and Harry – and thinking it through, John had to admit that Sherlock and Mycroft were awfully closer than he and his sister. It didn't matter how much bickering they had between them, they still knew each other better than anyone else. Not only because they were brothers, but because they were Holmeses. They would just sit and deduce the hell out of each other.
“I hope there will be some baby photos in this trunk, because I'd really like to see that!” John laughed. Seeing his friend's outraged expression, John shook his head. “I'm serious, you must have been so cute, all big eyes and curly hair”.
Little Sherlock nodded and entered the bedroom, sitting on the trunk his mother kept in her bedroom. It was his favourite place to sit; it was where his mother talked to him, hugged him and kissed him every night before he went to bed. Mummy always said it was Grandma's trunk before, and that she was the one who sat on it when she was little. Sherlock always liked that trunk- maybe because he always loved Grandma and Mummy so much.
people.
He didn't want to do it. From the moment he saw the damn thing he didn't want to open it. He didn't know what Mycroft had gathered and he wasn't sure he wanted to know. Sherlock was starting to feel miserable – not that he would say this out loud, of course. He curled into the smallest ball he could, and wished the wooden thing would just go away along with all the confusion inside his head. He couldn't think, and at the same time he thought too much. Some of the data inside his mind didn't make any sense, and how could he make any sense of things if he was afraid of opening a simple wooden box?
John smiled; he couldn't not. For anyone normal that statement would sound just petulant, but one look at Sherlock and he could see that the madman really meant that. "Okay, genius."
Again, thank you for the kudos and for the subscriptions! I hope you enjoy, even if I only update once a week, it's impossible for me to update quicker, I apologize ):
“No,” John snapped, because,
"Your mother really was beautiful," John said, scanning through the album. "You do look like her, you know," he smiled. John was getting used to the softness of Sherlock's eyes when his childhood memories and his mother were the subjects. His friend only nodded, looking thoughtful.
Being afraid wasn't something the detective was used to. Being afraid of his own mind was even worse. Surely he was used to paying the price for the brain he had. Of course all of that data, the speed of his thoughts, the inability to shut it down had always been there. But Sherlock had never been afraid. He had always done what he had to do to deal with his own mind: cases, cocaine, violin, more cocaine.
John wasn't clever, he wasn't a puzzle, he wasn't Irene, and he wasn't Moriarty. Thank God for that.
The next day, John arrived home from the clinic after a boring day of several cases of flu. Sherlock was sprawled on the floor, studying what looked like a hundred case files spread around him. Only a dweller of 221B Baker Street could see the beauty in that scene. John smiled to himself before returning to his doctor mode. He knew he couldn't ease his attention on Sherlock's health at the moment, even if that would mean being the
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but smiled. “I... I appreciate it,” Sherlock said, so low that for a moment John didn't know if he had actually heard it. “... but still there's no need”, he finished, even lower. And this time, John really didn't hear.
“Don't you and Mycroft have anything better to do on your dates?” Sherlock snapped.
Frankly, what would Sherlock do without John?
Normally John would oblige without second thoughts. Actually, normally Sherlock didn't have to ask John to leave him alone. The two of them functioned so well together because these things weren't needed. John wasn't Molly; he didn't try to make small talk with Sherlock. John just let him be. In fact, Sherlock was the one who talked so much to John that sometimes he didn't even bother checking if the doctor was at home or not.
. July of 1988.
funny," John said, trying to suppress his giggles, but not enough to actually succeed.
"You lost a girlfriend and a rugby match- Oh, don't look like that, I knew today was a night of rugby at the pub, I really do pay attention to you, you know. And all this to spend two evenings listening to me babbling about my life, after spending three weeks with me at the hospital," Sherlock said, confused. "Why?"
“Feel
That's what John really was. A conductor of light allowing Sherlock to be even more brilliant.
The sequence of photos ended abruptly with the one from the Christmas of 1987, showing a ten-year-old Sherlock, with his mass of untamed curly hair and the characteristic air of defiance on his face. He was tall for his age – having grown rather drastically after his fifth Christmas, judging by what John could see from the photographs. After this photo, only one more page on the scrapbook was used. In the end of it, a clipping from a local newspaper showed Sherlock and Mycroft at young age in the funeral of their parents –
John sighed. "I wasn't with you that day, you were in your family house, you nutter."
. John had already heard all of them.
“He?” John asked, puzzled.
eyes?” John asked. “Your eyes aren't odd, they are...,” he trailed off and Sherlock decided to pay some attention to the tea set, his cheeks a bit flushed. “Your eyes are fine. Do you know what's odd? A head in the fridge. That's bloody odd.” John giggled, trying and succeeding in lightening the air between them.
John took a deep breath and remembered that very first day in Baker Street when he confronted Lestrade about the drugs bust. John had felt helpless and lost, like he had missed something very important. He didn't like that feeling at all. He was a man of action, he took matters into his own hands, he didn't wait for anybody to tell him anything.
“Mycroft? He used to help you with this...,” John tried.
Sherlock shook his head, but followed John to the kitchen. The doctor put the kettle on and leaned on the counter. Sherlock was arranging some Petri dishes, clearly not doing anything important, just trying to pretend he wasn't in need of John's company.
“I'm afraid I don't follow you,” Mr. Elliot said, sounding lost.
"Shut up. I could do without the head in the fridge."
"Yes, something like that," John chuckled. "You've never really liked eating, have you? In the second Christmas photo you're still not even one-year-old and you're already too skinny. "
So it didn't surprise John when after three days of being back home, Sherlock received a rather large wooden trunk, probably more valuable than every piece of furniture in Baker Street combined. John tried to hide his own self-satisfied smile, but of course, he couldn't.
"Hm? Lestrade had them sent to me. I didn't leave the flat," Sherlock answered, annoyed beyond words, in that particular petulant way that only he could sustain. "You agreed I could start solving cold cases."
"He was one of my dealers in Cambridge," Sherlock said, matter-of-factly.
. Sherlock's adolescence here is highly influenced by this work! Do yourself a favor and go read it!
“I won't leave you alone today, Sherlock.” he said, only to feel Sherlock's surprised gaze on him. “Maybe I can help you. I can show you one object at a time, and you try to remember something about it, okay? You can tell me if you think that would be better. You normally think better talking out loud, don't you? I'll open the trunk for you and we'll do this.” Yes, John sounded like a mother hen. Something between his own mother and Mrs. Hudson. He even thought he would call Sherlock 'dear' and bake him scones if it would help him to be less frightened. John would never admit that, but a frightened Sherlock was one of the only things John was afraid of. “I'll make tea and we can spend the evening getting your thoughts straight, hm?”
– at him. "I know."
Why did Sherlock accepted that stupid job anyway? He couldn't have known it would be so interesting from the email.
“Okay,” John nodded. “Boyfriend?”
"Five."
Thank you so much for the subscriptions and the kudos!
And certainly, if this time John could help him to protect his mind, than he would gladly do it.
“Good...” Mycroft nodded, with his mouth full of gingerbreads.
“I invaded Afghanistan, I was a trauma surgeon at
“I-,” Sherlock stammered, and that alone was so unusual that John was already looking for signs that something might be physically wrong with his flatmate. “-do not think you're useless, John.”
“Hi! I'm so sorry, but I'll have to cancel tonight- Yes, I know, you're right- No, I don't think you're stupid- I know, you're right...” John stood in his room, holding the phone with his shoulder and changing his jeans to comfortable pyjamas bottoms. Why did he want to go out anyway?
"I have Mrs Hudson, she spies for me and forces you to eat. More efficient than any of your brother's minions," John said, heading for the kitchen. "I'm ordering takeaway, and you are eating something, in case you have some delusional doubt about it," he smiled.
After all, John Watson could only be Sherlock’s protector to a certain point. He couldn't just read Sherlock's mind and immediately know where the detective would run to on his own. Fortunately, he knew his flatmate was a stupid genius and the help arrived sooner than later.
