"And whose fault is that?“ Steve chuckled sleepily.
He sat in the car for a long time, before he eventually got out, taking a deep breath. The air was cool and fresh. Sighing, he stuffed his hands in his pockets and walked towards the large stones scattered around the wide area.
Tony instinctively eyed his own mug, which was almost empty. He shrugged and held it up.Steve walked over, poured him another cup. His hand was shaking slightly.
Tony stared at him. His heart was thumping hard, and he didn't need Friday‘s scans to tell him that the pain in his throat has nothing to do with his too hot coffee. He took a few deep breaths. If there was one thing he'd taken away from the past, that he needed to forgive - his resentment had gotten the better of him most times, and he'd started to hate it.
Trying no to think, he kept wandering between the stones, brushing his hand over some of them. His heart was heavy; he felt the ghosts of those engraved all around him. But the longer he walked, the lighter his step became, a quiet peace settling over him.
Tony hummed softly, placing a tender kiss just over Steve‘s heart, making it stutter at the gesture.
"Friday, is this functional?“ he asked.
"And yet I keep trying." He swallowed hard.  "For- for you." It was merely a whisper.
"That‘s why I didn't ask.“ Steve turned away from Tony and started the familiar routine of making coffee.
Tony stared at him. "Captain Rogers, I’m shocked, that’s rather forward of you," he teased. Steve glared at him, and Tony smiled. "You sure? I mean, there's nothing I'd rather do, but I wanted to take you out first. Breakfast, maybe? Do this properly."
"No, Captain Rogers,“ the AI said quietly.
Not that there was much. The world was settling. It was tough, painful, sometimes impossible. But that's what people did - they moved on, kept going, tried to get their life back on track.
Tony muttered something unintelligible which probably translated to the same. Steve laughed, and Tony made a questioning sound.
"Sometimes it's as if I can feel when someone has nightmares," Steve whispered. "Even if I myself don't have any, I wake up, sensing... something, I think." He shuffled, clearly uncomfortable. "Mostly I'm right." He tilted his head, gaze flitting over Tony before returning to the fire.
Steve stepped back, holding up his hands, an awkward expression on his face. He walked around the table and sat opposite Tony, cradling the mug in his hands.
Tony bristled. "You couldn't have known. How? Nobody could've. We were all just pawns in Thanos‘ sick plan. I'm tired of the blame game, Cap. Been there, done that, and let me tell you, it‘s no use to anyone.“
"I'm sorry, Tony.“ Steve‘s voice was quiet, yet Tony jumped at the sound.
"Mine, I guess.“ Steve wondered whether he imagined the hint of pride in Tony‘s tone. "I always thought your heart would be as steady as clockwork. Guess I was wrong.“
"Friday, what‘s the time?“ he asked as he scrambled out of bed.
Tony huffed. "Cap, we‘re all damaged people here, no need to apologize for that.“
." He waved a hand around. "There's so many other places. Is the common room not good enough anymore?" For some reason Tony's voice wavered, and he emptied his glass.
"And yet you keep doing it," Tony continued angrily, fingers digging deeper into the hard muscles. Steve didn't even flinch."You still keep going, doing what‘s ‚right‘, no matter the consequences.“
He huffed a laugh against Steve's mouth, but even that didn't bother Steve. And so Tony just went with it, let himself get lost in needy kisses, which seared through his body like fire, burning out the pain and the losses, leaving a warmth he hadn't felt in years.
"Sassy woman,“ he murmured as he started to throw paper and wood onto the dusty grate.
"Hey,“ he said, getting up, glaring towards the ceiling, "I made one hell of a fire back in the days.“
Steve sighed dramatically. "Of course. Do you know how ridiculous a fireplace in the kitchen would look like?!"
Tony grinned back. "Haven't had dinner so it's actually late," he said with all the conviction he could muster.
"I had lots of time to think,“ he continued, voice rough, "the past months, alone, nobody to talk to.“
"Well, gimme a hand then, boy scout,“ he said tersely, shuffling to the side.
"For me?" he asked stupidly.
Snapshots of the past weeks flashed behind his eyes. All those nights, keeping him company when he couldn't sleep. Steve's understanding behavior, his support of Tony's work, his general change in attitude. At first he had thought, it was just that they were all too worn out, too exhausted to argue. But even though they still didn’t agree on everything, they had managed to discuss things like adults, without shouting or insulting each other.
"Good, that‘s good.“
"Aggressive."
Steve gently took the pot, and filled up his mug. But instead of putting it back, he turned towards Tony, holding up the pot in a mute question.
Tony hummed, clearly not believing him. Steve didn't care. Tony was warm and willing, and for a while he forgot words altogether.
"Maybe,“ he grumbled, pressing harder against Steve, setting his skin on fire with every desperate touch. "Are you going to do something about this-“ he bucked his hips, pressing his erection against Steve‘s, "-or is this a one man show after all?“
He started building whatever was needed to make the world function again. Natasha and Bruce sent him weekly memos; every once in a while one of them came down to the workshop, keeping him company or updated him on how his latest project performed out in the world. He barely noticed, too absorbed in his work.
He tried it again, a few days later. Building something bigger -a droid that could detect precious metals- took him most of the day. He was exhausted after, mentally and physically, and he slept four hours in a row, waking up refreshed and hungry.
He was lying awake until the sun came up.
Soft footsteps broke the silence. Tony looked up, his heart clenching in a brief panic. Then he recognized the face and exhaled.
"A new start," Steve repeated wistfully. It shot a sharp pain through Tony's heart.
"Nobody wants Iron Man. Nobody wants Captain America or anyone else. They never did. They only accepted us cause there were greater threats than they alone could manage. WE are the threat, didn't you learn that? WE are the ones attracting alien forces. Nobody wants us, and right now they don‘t even NEED us. What for? They are getting along just fine. I don‘t need the looks on their faces when they see me. Iron Man, broken and battered, not able to save their loved ones, not even able to save his own family.“ Tony ran out of breath. He shrugged angrily. "No, Cap, I won‘t go back out there where Im neither wanted nor needed. I‘m fine in here, doing what I do best, being a mechanic with too much money, trying to help from the shadows. It‘s what I do best now.“
"Thanks," he murmured, distracted by the warmth the garment was giving off. He took a deep breath, faintly noticing Steve's cologne in it.
"You were there. Always have been, steady as a rock, ready to take on the world. When I was a child, my dad told me about the great Steve Rogers. Told me I should be more like Captain America. And for a while I tried. Until I realized that nothing I‘d ever do would make my father stop comparing me to you. And then you came back, perfect as you've ever been. The hero the world wanted. Me? I was just a mechanic with too much money and too big an ego. Still am. Now with added PTSD and other assorted letters of the alphabet. People like us? We‘re too damn different to co-exist. We clash, we fight, we tear each other apart. But over the past months I've realized something.“
Steve made a sound almost like a laugh.
"Not like that,“ Tony replied, concentrating on his construction. He could feel Steve‘s gaze on his back - and when did that stop being uncomfortable?
"It's Bucky for me," he said after a while. "I got him back once only to lose him all over again."
"I can try," he offered, just to wipe the pain from Steve's face.
They fell silent; each deep in their own thoughts. A restlessness made Tony twitch, and it took him a long moment to realize that he tried to find something to somehow comfort Steve. Just like he had comforted him with that hug.
Steve shot up in bed, slapping a hand over his mouth. He quickly scanned the room, but everything was quiet.
Not Tony.
Tony sighed, weary and worn out. He emptied his mug, pushing his chair back.
Steve snorted, glaring at her. "Only because YOU are too lazy to make a proper breakfast and rather live off of toast and awful smoothies." He shuddered in disgust.
And when everyone was there for a change, chatting, laughing, Tony pretended that all was right with the world.
They had settled into their new lives, because what else was there to do. There was nothing to change, only to improve. The world was still turning, and as much as it hurt, they had to keep going.
Tony shrugged, pulling the cardigan down from the chair and wrapped it around his shoulders again. "Possibly."
"That's my man," Tony whispered, licking against the closed seam of Steve's mouth. "A bit more participation wouldn't go amiss," he teased, ignoring the wavering of his voice.
It didn't. They tried to talk: about missions, about what had to be done, should be done. Very quickly they realized that Tony wasn't the least interested.
Steve chuckled, leaning down to lick into Tony‘S mouth which earned him another delicious moan.
"Friday?“ he asked softly, "did I scream?“
"Because I would really like to participate more," Steve interrupted, a slow smile spreading over his face. He reached out, running an unsteady finger along Tony's jaw. The gentle touch made him shiver. Tony stared at him in confusion.
"Bit early for a drink, isn't it?" There was a hint of humor in his voice.
Tony let go as well, arms falling to his side.
He slowly turned it in his hand, feeling the nanites shift inside. For a very long time his life had been defined by this. And yet he had lived the past months without them, contently so even.
"Steve, you are driving me crazy. Not in the way you'd hoped, probably." Steve shrank back, but Tony tutted him, pulling him close again. "Not back then. You made my blood boil like nobody else. Your righteousness made my stomach turn, and more often than not I wanted to punch you in your perfect teeth. But that was before I came back. And you were still there, with all your golden boy attitude and your stupid goodness. Then you went off to chase the purple madman across the universe. Despite the quite astonishingly high chance of getting killed, you went out there, idiotically fearless, trying to save us, and you came back alive. And the longer I thought about it -which I certainly didn't-," he grinned as Steve snorted, "the more I realized something. I kept telling myself that I couldn't possibly want someone who drives me up the wall basically every day. But then you made me coffee in the middle of the night, and breakfast in the morning, and you kept me company during a time when even *
Steve put the glass down a little too hard. Tony watched - morbidly fascinated - as Steve‘s face did something very complicated - it was like watching every human emotion flickering over his features at the same time.
"You‘re gorgeous“ Steve whispered, filled with a sudden need to let him know.
Steve eyed him over his glass. "Why are you up then?"
They both looked so young, so careless. Tony's throat hurt as he moved the picture into a hidden folder. Then he needed half an hour to be able to control himself enough to open a few programs, take stock of everything.
Steve shifted his weight, fingers slotting around Tony‘s, squeezing them hard. Tony whined again, straining against his grip, trying to lean up and kiss him.
Steve ignored him as he pulled a mug from the shelf; Tony pushed the tea bags still sitting on the counter towards him. The kettle clicked off and Tony stepped closer, filling Steve‘s mug. A warmth filled Steve as he watched Tony reach for the sugar.
"For everything,“ Steve said. "For not being able to prevent this. Even more so for not being able to reverse it. But most of all, I'm sorry for not saving them.“ Steve‘s blue eyes were sad.
Steve seemed to sense it. Holding up his hands in surrender he sat back, purposely looking out the window.
"Huh?“
"If you say so, boss.“
"Salacious."
"What the fuck am I supposed to do?" he yelled at some point during his nightly walks. Rhodey had gently nudged him into getting back to his workshop, had hoped that being on familiar grounds would help him.
Tony laughed, a hard sound that was painful to even his own ears.
Tony wrapped his arms around him, and Steve slumped against him, breathing in deeply. Tony always smelled different. Tonight it was his ridiculous expensive shower gel and the faint iron smell of metal. But underneath it all was the warm scent of skin and salt which always calmed Steve. He nuzzled against the side of Tony‘s neck, making him huff a laugh. Steve pulled back enough to look at him. His hair was a mess, and there was a smear of something dark next to his ear. He looked tired, and yet his eyes were shining with something deep and warm as he easily caught Steve's eyes.
So after everyone else went to bed, he came here, making some coffee and staring into the darkness outside the compound. At least it wasn't the darkness of space, too bright with all its stars and suns, and not the terrifying nothingness he saw whenever he closed his eyes.
"Good.“ He pulled him closer, arms tightening around Tony‘s back.
"Good. So can I. As long as I can hold you, kiss you-" he ran a hand down Steve's chest, "-touch you, we'll be fine." Tony kissed him again, biting at Steve's lower lip, making him growl. "God, I want to take you apart, bit by maddeningly bit."
It was the first night he slept for more than two hours, dreamless and deep.
"Would've been Buck‘s birthday today,“ Steve murmured after a long silence.
"Wanted to switch it up for a change," Steve said, eyes twinkling in the firelight, "kitchen doesn't have a fire place." He tried to waggle his eyebrows which made Tony burst out laughing.
As soon as the weather -and his condition- allowed it, he started to take walks in the vast grounds of the compound. At first Rhodey insisted on coming along. Tony let him, hoped his company would help.
But then Steve clenched his jaw, fingers curling into loose fists, and Tony groaned inwardly. He'd seen that reaction too many times - Captain America, gearing up for a fight.
From then on it was almost too easy.
Steve‘s face was still, only his eyes scanning over Tony.
"That‘s why you like me,“ he shot back, fingers curling around Steve‘s.
"Steve," Tony noticed the shiver that shook Steve at the mention of his name. He made a mental note of it.
Steve exhaled audibly and carefully lowered himself into the furthest corner.
"Bad one?“ he asked in a hushed voice.
“Sure,” Tony says. He gets up, brushes himself off and steps into the vegetable garden. “Need any help carrying things in?”
bedroom. Tony introduces one of the bedrooms as “my second bedroom,” and then next to it pushes open a door that makes more sense.
“Oh. Yeah?”
He feels like an idiot the whole way there, but isn’t really sure why that is, so he does his best to shake it off.
“Rumour? Uh.” Steve thinks about it. “You’re in love with Ms. Neidermier.”
“Hey,” Steve says. “Have you seen the news recently?”
“Panicky?”
“He was very easy to convince, okay!” Tony doesn’t go into details - how fucking
“It’s been handled,” Coulson says. “He’s on vacation. Small aircrafts have such a poor safety record.”
Tony’s face does a complicated flip. “Of sorts?”
He sits up, looks around the room, then back at Steve. “We could find somewhere quieter?”
. Much more dangerous.”
Tony quickly turns into the guy to go to when something breaks down. Doesn’t matter what it is - anything vaguely mechanical, Tony can fix it. If it’s not mechanical, if it’s just some piece of equipment, Tony will do a quick search on how to fix it and then do it like he’s been doing it his whole life. The townsfolk are delighted and Tony is - well, Tony’s honestly happy to be contributing to the community after they’ve helped him out so much. He fixes Natasha’s broken door at her shop and the oven at Sam and Bucky’s cafe, and then the stove when that breaks down later that day. When he walks through the town, everyone says hi and stops and talks to him about his farm or about something Tony fixed and how nice it was of him to do it. They give him tips about the farm - because there’s never a limit to what Tony has to learn, apparently - and Tony takes it in and stores the knowledge for later, and it always ends up being some kind of useful, even the woman who tells him to go down to the beach and rummage around. He finds some very cool shells there, perfect for making his house look more like a home rather than a place he’s staying in for a holiday.
Tony’s jaw flexes. “Times change.”
Bruce looks down at Tony and nods. Clint looks unconcerned, but Steve knows he sees more than he lets on.
Ty blows out a long breath and examines his expensive shoes, which are as shiny as Tony’s car. “Other than Tony?”
, yeah. Couldn’t keep me away from them. Lord of the Rings and Arthurian legends, I was a real…” Tony trails off. Scratches at his beard with his fingertips like he wants to be covering his mouth instead, which pulls into a hasty smile.
“I know, I know. Please don’t cry. I don’t mean that, you can cry if you want. Crying is healthy. I’m just terrible around it.”
Steve thinks about it some more.
“Okay,” Steve says finally. He tries to sidestep him, but Ty moves out of the way.
“Yeah, I know Ty.” The slimy asshole who bullies indiscriminately, not through punches, or anything teachers can punish him for - no, Ty is the kind of bully you don’t want to run into. He’s devious about it, saying something so innocent that he can pass it off as an accident as he chips down a student’s self worth with each comment. The fact that Tony had dated him says a lot about his character, since Steve doubts Tony was fooled by Ty’s Nice Guy act - Tony’s smart. He would’ve picked something up.
“That one,” Steve nods.
“That’s the one,” Tony says. “Anyway, Frodo. Thinking about him much?”
?” like someone had just told him an action figure has come to life and is within walking distance.
“Do you want me to explain it again,” Tony asks, with the clear tone of
Tony takes a breath in, but the teacher cuts him off by telling everyone to get into their assigned seats.
Steve thinks about it. He has a lot of thoughts about the book so far, but none of them are very coherent, and if they are, they’re not the kinds of things he wants to share in this lighthearted company.
Pepper colours. It’s always wonderful to watch, it clashes awfully with her hair.
“Alright,” Tony says as they sit down. “I did some examples of this new theory we’re on. You can copy it down, then we can apply it to new problems. Sound good?”
“You’ll really just do it for free algebra tutoring.”
Cap comes to a stop in front of them. “This is my apartment,” he says. “Are you looking-”
“Just saying,” Tony says. “The book doesn’t get into warfare or anything, but if it doesn’t sit well with you, you don’t have to finish it.”
Tony stares.
“Thanks, Bruce,” Steve says dryly.
He takes the book out of his jacket pocket, opens it to the cover page. His Ma’s handwriting is faded, but still very much there. He ghosts his fingers across it.
“Okay, brunch. Is there a difference?”
“Uh-huh,” Tony says. He drinks from his coffee cup, which is empty now, but he wants something to do with his hands.
conversations with Rhodey. So, not much like MIT. I didn’t get to talk about Auden in college.”
“I am that,” Tony says. He can’t turn that one down.
“We don’t have to talk about it,” Steve says. “If you don’t feel comfortable-”
“He obviously doesn’t like it!”
He nods and tries to will the blood back from his face.
“So, that’s - done,” Tony says. “Uh. Feel free to do that in public. You’re allowed.”
“An asset of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division,” Tony says.
Tony spreads out his arms. “When have I ever done that?”
Steve fights the urge to roll his eyes. “Oookay. Look, just move and you can insult me at school on Monday, alright?”
Tony names one of the chickens Virginia, because Rhodey requested it and because they both know it’ll piss Pepper off. He names another of the hens Ferdinand, at Pepper’s request, another chicken Henrietta after Rhodey’s Aunt, another one Mary, another Kit. He names the last hen Steve Jr. She gets named because a possum comes up to the chicken wire one day and before Tony can tell it to fuck off, Steve Jr. runs up to the chicken wire and peeps madly at it as her sisters run away to the inside part of the coop.
“Aw,” Ty says. “Isn’t that sweet. Tony, your new guy is sweet.”
“What’s a silkie,” Rhodey asks.
Bucky pours a glass of water. “Haven’t read it,” he says, and chugs it.
“It’s no problem,” Tony says quietly, down at his food. He’s eating very fast but very neatly, like he wants to get out of here as soon as he can but he won’t make a mess to do it. “Least I can do.”
. Once he waits to make sure Tony is well and truly out and won’t go for his IV a third time, he drops Tony’s hand and gets out his phone.
Tony starts the repulsors. Steve doesn’t jump back, but it’s close, and he watches as Tony rises into the air.
Steve wants to say.
Tony leans over Steve’s shoulder to point. “Auden changed that line in the later editions.
“Not yet,” Steve tells him.
,” Tony repeats.
The way things are going - it doesn’t seem like it’ll have the simple ending that it does. Okay, you’re
“Why?”
“What happened to you,” Tony says.
“What kind of something?”
“You don’t remember?” Steve folds his arms across his chest. “It was very weird.”
Cap’s eyes narrow, then widen. His expression sharpens with shock, then softens into something that makes Tony want to hide, then tidies up into something more normal.
facts, wanting to discuss theories or plot holes,
There are still sounds, but Steve doesn’t notice them. His tunnel vision is all entwined in his body: Tony’s face in his hands. The rasp of his stubble against his fingers, his lips. Tony’s hands on his shoulders now, pulling him closer. Their bodies press together in a line, continue to press, and it’s only when Tony says
“Anytime,” Tony says. He gives Steve a pat on the back as they pull apart, and then they both stand there, trying to come up with something to say.
He assumes that’ll be it, but Steve says, “She cares about you a lot.”
Steve shrugs. “You
“Bucky ate a customer’s sandwich yesterday,” Steve says.
“Just TAKE THE SHOES,” Tony bursts out.
“Oh, uh. I wasn’t…” Tony trails off and puts his bag on the couch. If he has anything to say about the kitchen and the lounge blending into one room, he doesn’t comment. He sits down at the kitchen table and crosses his arms, then uncrosses them.
“Just keep driving, Happy,” Pepper says. Then, to Tony: “Thank you for your concern, but my throat is fine.”
Steve circles the suit again. A small smile keeps tugging at his mouth.
“The good guys found me after a while,” Tony says.
“Done,” Tony says.
“Yeah! Of course.” Steve does his best to smile with his weight behind it. “Want to keep sitting at lunch together?”
“Yeah?”
“It’s brunch.”
“Anytime of the night. I will be waiting for it.”
They come to a stop at the end of the hall. Tony’s class is to the left, the exit is straight ahead.
Steve pulls out some more grass, adds it to the chain so he has something to look at, to do with his hands.
“Steve,” Cap says, in such a rush that Tony thinks that he’s been holding back on it. “You don’t have to call me Cap. My name’s Steve.”
Of course Tony reaches out a hand. Of course he stretches until Obie can take it.
Tony nods.
Tony chews the inside of his cheek so he doesn’t grin. Man, he loves this guy. “I’ll give them the best names any chicken can hope for,” he says. “Don’t you worry, buddy.”
“I won’t bring the limo.”
Jarvis twists to look at them all: Bucky is sprawling, Natasha is sitting straight but her gaze is very hazy, Steve is holding his ripped, bloody shoe in his hand and Tony is looking as innocent as possible.
Bucky picks up the book again, turning it over in his hands. “Can’t believe all of this came out of that tiny book about Bilbo.”
The next half hour is another kind of blur. Less so because his body’s giving out and more so that everything’s happening at once - he finds Pepper and then Obie and quickly realizes okay, taking Obie
Tony waits until they’re down the driveway of Steve’s house, then whirls around.
Tony watches him for a second, then eats another mushroom. He picks up his fishing equipment and heads up the river, where he does end up catching three fish but at that point is so hungry he just has dinner at a cafe near the river. He puts the fresh fish in a bag next to his feet, expecting people to complain, but no one says anything.
“If you don’t want to-”
“Always do,” Steve says, and then sets off.
feels wrong, so he just nods. Is he being flirted with? Please don’t let Ty be flirting with him.
Tony chokes, then swallows his mouthful, eyes watering. “Shit. Did he try anything?”
Steve goes to take his hand, then stops. There’s no one around right now, so there isn’t any excuse to do it.
“Don’t puke on the billion-dollar technology, Cap. Steve.”
The jug finishes boiling and Tony pours each of them a cup, dumps the expresso in, then lets Steve handle the milk. He has his plain, which Tony can respect. He’s also eyeing the expresso machine like he’s judging Tony a little, which is fair. Small town folk, after all. Tony can’t bring himself to think anything bad about Steve for it.
“I’m fine.” He smiles and it’s nowhere near as distracting, as dazzling, as Tony’s fake smiles. It’s small and modest and so goddamn false that Tony wants to give him lessons.
At this point Steve’s grades have improved enough that he’d probably get by without help, but he sits back and lets this happen. He waits for Tony to say something about the shoes - his feet are toasty dry even with the rain, damn it - but Tony stays quiet the whole ride up to Tony’s apartment.
“THERE IS NOTHING ABOUT EATING A CUSTOMER’S LEFTOVER SANDWICH THAT IS HYGENIC,” Sam yells, and Tony looks around to see if he should be worried, but the only thing coming from the others is amusement. Sam and Bucky don’t seem to be violent-mad, just exasperated-mad, the kind that old married couples get. Tony still doesn’t know if they’re together or not, let alone married, but he’s determined not to ask. It’s been way too long for him to ask and for it to not be weird.
"That I'd talk to you," Steve offered.
"Same difference,“ Tony said, watching with an odd fascination how Steve efficiently build a fire and lit it.
Tony‘s low laugh made heat curl in Steve‘s stomach.
"You know," he said conversationally, ignoring the pitch in his voice, "I wished I could keep hating you." He took a step towards Steve, dizzy with his scent. "Would make lots of things much easier."
Tony stared down, Steve's hand still covering whatever it was. Slowly Steve pulled his hand back. Tony gasped. His heart. Right there in his shaking hand. He swallowed, cleared his mind.
"I think I go back to bed," he said. "Don't want this to become breakfast." He sat the empty glass on a table. He hesitated. "You okay?" He didn't want to leave the other man on his own.
"Yes, boss. Want me to start-“
Tony groaned; seeing Steve standing at the sink, rinsing a glass, was too much for him.
"Relax, I had a late lunch for a change, a big one even. Nat insisted. And then I fell asleep before dinner. I actually slept pretty well until now."
Friday was tracking everyone's routines so that he didn't run into anyone. He couldn't be around people for long these days. He knew that being on his own wasn't good for him, but he wasn't able to endure anyone of the team for longer than a few minutes. Rhodey and Happy kept checking in on him, wanting to keep him updated on everything.
"Of course I do, why do you think I call you Captain,
"Bit cold for pj's, isn't it?"
Steve quirked a smile. "Yes. Something to return, actually."
The smiles on their face made it hard to kiss properly. They still tried which resulted in soft complaints on both sides. Eventually Steve shook his head, nipping on Tony's lip one last time.
Steve didn't reply. He pulled Tony closer, one hand cradling the side of his face. The grin faded, and he straightened his back so they were eye to eye.
"Just me," Steve said as he came around another stone.
"What did you tell him?" Tony hadn't bothered with a reply to the email he'd gotten last night.
"Tony, no. No fireplace in the kitchen." Steve's voice was stern, but his shoulders didn't look as tense as before. Tony counted that as a win.
Tony gives him the most withering look he can manage. Steve stays impassive, because it turns out he’s
Pepper sighs. “It was
“You could,” Rhodey says. “But you won’t, man. We know you.”
“I hated it,” Steve says, like he’s discussing his favourite brand of cereal. “You?”
“You made any lemonade?”
.” He scrubs some more at his face. “You know, before the serum, I went on a rollercoaster at Coney Island and threw up.”
and calls, “Want to come over for dinner?”
They grin at each other. Tony keeps starting like he’s going to say something, then stops.
“Apparently. Yeah.”
“Who starts a fight by kneeing someone in the dick,” Steve says weakly.
He drops his suitcase next to the bed - no mould or stray springs sticking out of the mattress, yay - and runs a hand over his face. Was this a mistake? It feels like one. He’d imagined showing up to a farm that was actually, y’know, a
“So,” Steve says. “That - thing Ma said. About us being good together.”
In several minute-long bursts where Sarah is particularly busy with dinner, the worksheet gets completed. Tony coaches Steve through it with a patience that is definitely helped along by Sarah’s presence, and even he seems surprised when they reach the end and they haven’t yelled at each other again. They’d bickered, sure, but nothing that didn’t make Sarah laugh at them.
At first he’s worried about bringing up a breakup literal minutes after they’ve gotten together, but Steve just laughs.
“You can relate.”
Steve slings his bag onto the couch. When he turns around, Tony has closed the door and is standing there with his hands in his pockets, glancing around and then zeroing back in on Steve, then glancing around again like he can’t stop looking.
He puts his phone down to eat them, but his eyes keep drifting towards the poem.
Tony and Rhodey make twin hums of agreement beside him. Their eyes stay locked to the screen. Steve watches them with vague amusement, but only for a moment, because then his own gaze goes back to the screen.
He just has to finish the suit. Everything else is slow - green energy and foriegn aid takes a lot of meetings and politics, but the suit is solely his. It’s his in a way nothing else has been before, in a way that makes him think he might have a soul after all.
- or, Steve is, and Tony’s on his phone glancing up sometimes - when Tony looks up, notices the painting, and says under his breath, “
It’s pretty chilled out, honestly. Steve gets more or less used to holding hands with Tony in the halls, and sitting with him at lunch - Tony drags Pepper and Rhodey over more often than not after the first week, and they turn out to be cool to talk to. Both of them are smart in a way that intimidates Steve, but neither of them are haughty about it, so they get along. They’re both down to earth in a way that makes Steve wonder how they ended up friends with Tony, but Steve is also kind of friends with Tony, so he can’t judge.
“Sure. You might want to tap out, too.”
, it’s after a particularly bad mission. The guy they’d been trying to take down had engineered a way to give himself incendiary powers and was threatening to blow up the apartment buildings of people who had pissed him off. He’d ended up taking his own life, along with the lives of several others surrounding him, with a burst of flame.
Steve blinks hard. Tony’s hand goes limp in his, then tightens again, then goes limp.
Tony had told Pepper after she’d found him.
Tony’s still got that brittle smile on. “Then he’s a step up from my last one. Ty, how about you sit down?”
“Even at worst, he’ll be helpful to have at your side,” he says.
“Yep. We watched The Godfather.”
, Steve had said when they’d gone for a fly together -
“It’ll be a smooth recovery,” the doctor tells them. “
Steve laughs loud enough to startle them both. Tony watches him apologize and thinks that Steve might also feel weirdly grateful that he’s not the only one who’s this fucked up right now.
Even sitting in the Seats of Doom, which are what everyone calls the chairs outside the Principal’s office, Steve can’t help but feel a little good about the whole situation. He finally got to punch Ty. His friends remained ride-or-die. As Bucky nursed a black eye from being elbowed in the face, Sam sat wordlessly with them and Natasha gargled water from a fountain and spat it into the drain to get the remaining blood off her teeth, a little kernel of pride glowed in Steve’s chest.
“Uh, yeah.”
“Mm. Sensible. That doesn’t suit me, does it?”
“Hey,” Tony says. “How’s it going?”
again, and wonders if he should try to store this away in his memory. People remember their first kisses really well, right? Or they should. Steve catalogues it for later: the warmth of Tony’s hands on his arms, the feel of Tony’s breath on his face, Tony backlit as he leans in, and then -
“What? No. I sold it. Got a truck. It suits Stardew better.”
“I’ve lived here forever,” he says. “It sounds normal to me, but - yeah, I can get why it sounds like a bit much to someone who hasn’t heard of it before. When did you hear about Stardew?”
“Sounds good,” Steve says, and peers over the notebook Tony slides over to him. He looks at the algebra, but his gaze quickly slides up to the series of complicated equations in the first half of the page. “What’re these?”
Steve nods. It sounds about right.
“You won’t drop them in the bath,” Tony says, waving away Steve’s worry at being lent the books. “Come on, if you can’t trust Captain America with your prized Lord of the Rings editions, who can you trust?”
“That was once,” Tony says, “and I was 19.”
“He’d blackmail us!” Tony drops the watch and starts chewing on a hangnail. “I’m shocked he hasn’t tried before. This is a preemptive strike. I’ve started coming up with potential blackmail plans before we broke up.”
From the way Ty blinks, Steve guesses he did a
Neither of them have spoken in a while when Steve says, “So, how are you holding up?”
Steve gives him a questioning look, but Tony just gives him another fleeting smile.
“How was the party,” Sarah asks. “You two went together, right?”
“Oh, it’s easy.” Sam spears off a hunk of dubiously coloured meat. “It’s this or I make my own lunches, which means I gotta get up before 5. If you’re really sad for me, though, can I snag a piece of sushi?”
“Wow,” he says.
You can forage for mushrooms and find fish in the river that are edible and no one yells at you for taking them home and you can walk literally everywhere and all the while people will wave and ask you about your day and actually seem to give a shit when you tell them about it.
“Pepper called. Why the hell do you have Captain America living with you,” Rhodey replies.
“You need me to do anything else,” Rhodey asks.
“Yes.
“What?” Tony frowns. “Just buy new shoes.”
Steve pauses in where he’d been forgoing milk to retreat.
“We like them,” Pepper says. “They seem like good people.”
“For drawing a face,” Steve says. When Tony just looks at him: “Gotta make it convincing. Those birds are smart.”
“Don’t go jet speeds, alright?”
“Shut up, Potts,” Tony says.
age. That’s hilarious. I love it,” Tony says, still giggling weakly. He takes a gulp of juice, then looks into the glass, swilling it around. Steve assumes he’s thinking about how watery it is, considering to his usual pulpy juice that rich people drink. Do rich people drink orange juice? Or do they drink fancier fruit juices? Pomegranate juice, or - kale juice. No, that would be awful.
Sam looks over at Steve, who shrugs wearily.
“You sure? Can make good money doing-”
“Give me a second to breathe,” Tony says when Steve brings it up, after he’s gone around and gotten the rest of his stuff - which is a small suitcase of clothes and books, pathetic in any means, and he refused to let Tony send a car for it - and Steve, surprisingly, lets it rest for now. Another casualty of the ‘sure, whatever, why not,’ in Tony’s opinion. Despite this, Tony makes a mental note to check if Steve starts skulking around anytime soon. Somehow he wouldn’t put it past him.
, but. Sometime.”
Tony laughs.
“No.”
Steve pauses. Looks up at Tony again. He’s the same as ever - an effortlessly cool button-down and jeans that cost more than Steve’s monthly rent. He’s also uncharacteristically nervous, bouncing from foot to foot.
“I got suspended, I’m leaving. Tony's going to class, though.”
He hangs up and turns the phone around in his hands for a while.
Everyone’s very dispassionate about that - Happy, Pepper, Rhodey and Steve are all under the impression that Tony should listen to the doctors and let them run all the tests and actually
“What would you say about getting out of that shithole SHIELD put you into,” Tony says. “An easy, convenient location to store you until they need you. You just know they’ve bugged the place.”
“What? We find out what happened to Liesel.”
Which, as it turns out, is easy to do. One reason fake-dating gets so easy is that it’s pretty easy talking to Tony in a way a boyfriend might - that is, Steve can look deeply engaged in their talks and laugh a lot. It’s also far too easy to let his gaze linger on Tony’s face, his eyes and lips; to lean in close when he talks; to touch in a casual way when they’re within touching distance, entwining their hands or pressing their shoulders together or sitting close.
Tony looks towards Steve, who is about to say
“Time to disembark,” Tony says.
, Tony thinks, and remembers the wide-eyed wonder of flight, gasping air, each breath a hard yank in his chest. The reactor had saved him, sure, but it had also taken about a quarter of Tony’s lungs.
“Anything about Tolkien, apparently,” Steve says. “And the release dates for the Lord of the Rings series.”
“Don’t I always?” Tony adjusts his grip on Steve’s hand and Steve lets him angle their joined hands so they’re more prominent. “Hey Ty, have you met Steve?”
“We’d be watching the extended editions, obviously,” Tony says.
“Better.”
Steve bites down a flush of annoyance. Rich kids.
Sam looks towards Bucky and Natasha, both of whom, Steve bets, have big shit-eating grins.
“I mean,” Tony says. “I do already have your child.”
He extracts himself from the couch - Bucky tries pushing his back to help him, which is more hindering than helpful, but Steve nods at him in thanks anyway - and goes off in search of a bathroom. It’s now late enough in the night that he has to push past people instead of asking them to please move, because people aren’t listening and also when he nudges them, most of them move, unconcerned, out of the way without checking who or what Steve is.
“He’s currently in the gym, Sir.”
“With you? Gladly,” Ty says. “Is there a particular time that’d suit?”
“And delusional,” Steve continues. He dodges Sam’s halfhearted punch and then bends to take off his shoes.
Tony swallows. “Yeah, maybe.”
And Auden. There’s a lot of Auden, and Steve and Tony get into a lot of discussions on Early Auden versus Late Auden and which poems from each era are better, and what counts as ‘better,’ and how much of it is personal preference.
Tony whimpered, his fingers scrambling for a hold. His eyes were squeezed shut, and there were small creases across his forehead. Then those beautiful brown eyes flew open and instantly locked with Steve‘s.
“So,” he repeats. “We need to come up with rules. For the contract.”
Steve stares at him.
Steve twists his foot to get a better angle on it. “I think it’ll be okay with a band-aid.”
“Thank you,” Steve manages. It comes out thick and grated, but it doesn’t crack. Good enough. Steve swipes a hand over his eyes.
Tony makes a mental note to text Pepper about this. She’s probably already handled it, being in charge of his old company and all, but still - he might be able to do something to help.
“What are these,” Steve says.
The night starts out pretty much the same as it did in freshman year: Steve stands around while people dance, drinks some beer that he couldn’t afford otherwise, gets a vague buzz on that still isn’t enough to make him dance. Mostly he talks to his friends as they flit in and out of the rooms - Bucky and Natasha find him pretty fast, thanks to Snapchat, and Tony, surprisingly, keeps hanging around.
“Anyway-”
He sits back against the seat and closes his eyes. Pretends he can’t notice Pepper and Happy looking at him, or glancing at each other - he can’t see it but he can sense it, a prickle of unease at the back of his neck. He focuses on the rumble of the car, because the car means he’s back home, he didn’t get to go in any cars when he was kidnapped. He’s home, he’s fine, Happy’s driving him somewhere like he’s done a million times before, Pepper at his side.
Tony looks away from Steve to realize that the argument has ended and everyone’s focus is on them now.
“We should probably wake them up,” Rhodey says quietly, nodding at Clint and Bucky.
Steve smiles down at him. He squeezes Tony’s wrist gently before letting go.
, this is normal, we’re constantly around people who have grown up in one small town and stayed here their whole lives, or people who, who - fill their days with fishing and foraging and running small businesses-”
“I’d think it was a person,” Tony says. “If I was really drunk and far away. And it was dark.”
, then gets up and heads to the workshop.
“I want to be at home and
“They cut out a looot of Eowyn,” Rhodey says.
Obie’s eyes are on him and Tony knows he’ll want more details later, that he’s going to ask why Tony hadn’t told him he’d met Captain America before this, why he hadn’t been planning with him on how to make him
“Uh-huh,” Rhodey says. “And how’s he doing?”
Tony’s wearing goggles, welding a blowtorch. He starts grinning when he sees the book in Steve’s hand. “Come to hit me with it and cry?”
He looks back at Tony. His lips are very pink. Were they always this pink?
Then there’s a chirp and Tony looks up. Dummy is holding the arc reactor in his blessed little claw and nudging him with it.
Steve circles the suit slowly, eyeing it in a way that makes Tony want to vibrate out of his skin. Steve bends a little to get a look at the suit’s waist and legs, and then reaches out. He glances over at Tony, hand in mid-air, and then when Tony nods, he touches a plate than runs down the hip.
“I don’t go to Hammer parties,” Pepper says.
It’s a big house, and after opening six doors and not finding a bathroom, Steve steps outside and pees in a bush. It’s fine, he reasons. It’s a party. No one’s gonna call his Ma and tell her that her only son was found peeing in public, on someone’s
After putting the pot back, he came over, cradling the mug in between his large hands. He cleared his throat, making a small gesture towards the other side of the wide nook Tony was sitting in.
"Was that enough participation for you?" Steve said, voice almost normal.
"Black, right?“ he asked.
manage. And that's even without sleeping together." He winked, rather weakly, but Steve only kept smiling at him. "I'm very willing to do all that. For you. With you. So I'm telling you: Yes, I want you. All of you. For as long as you are willing to endure me."
Tony growled against his neck, the arm around Steve tightening.
"You‘re good, you‘d feel it when your eyebrows get singed off,“ Tony grinned, shuffling a bit closer to the fire.
Tony snorted. "Let me guess. He wants to assemble the Avengers for the memorial."
"But do you know what‘s even better?“ Tony asked, leaning closer to speak right into Steve‘s ear. "The shivers you get when I call you
Tony absently watched him go through the process of adding coffee into the machine, filling it with water and pushing the button. He then reached for the cupboard, picking a mug from the vast variety they had added through the years.
Tony stared at him, anger and confusion slowly bleeding out of him.
Tony shrugged. "I don't really know. I woke and something didn't feel right. Might've been the fact that Captain America was sulking in the library. Of all places."
He looked up and met Tony's eyes. For a long moment they just stared at each other, neither of them able to say anything.
Tony's gaze swept over Steve and the grin vanished. "Tea or coffee?“ he asked, setting his own mug down. Steve felt the tension in his shoulders easy as Tony got up, walking towards him.
He was held by strong arms, warm skin against his, and for the first time in forever he felt safe.
The wood had been laying around for a very long time and was dry as hay. It started with a sharp ‚woof‘ and they both jumped away, landing on their backs.
Slowly but surely Tony's world became normal again. Different from before but nevertheless normal, and mainly uneventful, almost boring. He embraced the boring. Boring didn't kill anyone, boring didn't invade their planet.
He left the room, and Tony followed him wordlessly. At the door to Steve's quarters, he stopped. Steve went inside and quickly returned with something in his hands.
Steve captured his lips in a slow deep kiss, drawing it out as he started moving his hips, dragging his throbbing erection against Tony‘s. It wasn't perfect, the angle was wrong, but he was too far gone to stop and get the lube. Tony didn't seem to mind. He met everyone of Steve‘s moves enthusiastically, harsh moans filling the air around them.
The first time he stepped back into his workshop was painful. Nothing had changed since he'd last been there. Everything was just as chaotic as he'd left it.
"I'm getting all sorts of mixed signals here, Cap," he croaked.
"Face still intact,“ he muttered, more to himself than to Steve. He heard him anyways and his hands went to his face.
"I wasn't a boy scout,“ Steve said, kneeling next to Tony, "I was in the Army.“
Time went by. The world kept turning. Routine established, inside the compound and outside. Tony kept building: robots mostly, self-sustaining energy-cells, water filtration systems, anything that was needed to rebuild the world.
Steve only hesitated one moment before stepping closer and taking it.
Tony was curled up in the window seat, staring out into the night. A cup of coffee sat on the table by his elbow, steam curling up towards the ceiling. It was late; only the emergency lighting illuminated the large room, casting everything in a blue'ish glow.
Later when they untangled themselves, dropping soft kisses on glistening skin, Tony looked at him.
The silence between them was charged, yet strangely fitting. They had nothing to say to each other. Tony had said his piece right after he came back to Earth, had let Steve known what he thought about him. They hadn't talked much after that. Steve had tried, but Tony had blocked every attempt. There wasn't much left to say. Right now the only thing that kept him from walking out on him was his bone-deep exhaustion. Tony Stark, too weary for a fight, he thought bitterly, that‘s a new one.
Tony waved a dismissive hand, still too rattled for words.
Instead of pushing for it, he only nodded his thanks and settled in front of the fire. He had the feeling that Steve somehow knew how cold he often was. Much more than before.
He turned towards the door. Steve, who hadn't moved from his spot, jumped to open it for him, which made Tony snort and Steve blush for some reason.
Tony waved a hand towards her sensors. "Nah, let me.“
The soft sound of footsteps made him look up in alarm. He didn't need anyone to see him here.
They walk in silence for a length of hall. The adrenaline from getting his arc reactor replaced is far faded now, but the coffee isn’t helping relax him. Tony’s wired enough that he’s gonna need to stay up for another few hours at least.
“Mm. Fine,” Tony says, though Steve suspects he’d say
Should he have offered a handshake, Steve wonders? Before he can do anything about that, they pull smoothly out into the street.
“That doesn’t happen.”
“Do not feel pressured to name them immediately,” Thor says. “You might have to wait for their personalities to show before you can gift them with a name.”
. “I’m good with just growing crops for now. And a few chickens. They’re gonna stay a few unless I get a rooster.”
Then again, maybe Obie will back off.
“That you should talk to Tony about,” Sam adds.
Steve aborts his hand on the way to give a joke-salute. “I’m on it.”
Steve touches the suit’s gauntlet, bends to see the repulsor.
Tony shrugs stiffly. “It does the job.”
Obie takes out the arc reactor from Tony’s chest and all he can do it watch, so rigid that it hurts - not that it hurts enough to drown out the pain that comes from the arc reactor being forcibly removed. The second it leaves the metal cavity his chest is already screaming with it, and
“Good,” Tony says. He takes another shaky breath. “I am - also an asshole.”
Ty recovers and throws a punch that makes it clear he’s all enthusiasm and no experience, catching Steve in the cheek but only just. Steve rolls with it and then decks Ty in the stomach, and Ty doubles over only to headbutt Steve and bring them both crashing down to the ground.
“I’ll be back in a bit,” he says.
Tony bolts up from the bed.
“Thanks,” Tony says. “Your…”
Steve stands, brushing dirt off his knees. “How are your city friends?”
“They seem pretty old,” Steve tries.
He brushes the weeds off her gravestone first. Then he polishes it the best he can with his jacket, then places a bunch of flowers against the stone.
“I go away for three months,” Tony says. “And we finally find Cap. I should’ve gotten kidnapped earlier.”
ouder than if he’d yelled it.
“Seventy years is a lot of time to lose.”
The sound of his name makes Tony’s jaw click shut. It feels - weird, not in a bad way, but - still
If Tony’s intel is right, Cap woke up two months ago to the day.
The day after he finishes it he goes for a run with Steve, because Sam asked and Steve feels strange and wants to get out of his head. Sometimes when he’s feeling like this, a run works, or time with a friend. Neither of those work today, and Steve returns home to the Tower with a heavy stomach and an inescapable distance between him and the rest of the world.
Tony bends the cards and then lets them go. They jump straight back to being straight.
It’s as good as he can do. He hopes it gives her what it gave him when he read it that first time: the illusion of comfort, to the point where it felt like he could almost reach out and touch it.
Steve nods, the pressure soft against Tony’s head. There’s a day ahead but for now there’s this bed, and the kind of rain that only adds to the quiet, and Tony lying in front of him, looking at him in a way that Steve’s read about a thousand times, but never tires of reading again.
Obie cuts off when he sees Steve. There’s a moment of undisguised shock before he recovers, coming up and clapping Steve on the shoulder.
“I guess,” Steve starts, and then can’t finish.
“I got bored.”
didn’t know that,” Tony says.
He’s halfway down the steps when Obie catches him, and Tony is brutally reminded why he hasn’t told anyone - but Obie
, which he keeps on him until it gets a hole torn through it by a stray bullet, and
“How’re you liking it,” Steve asks, sitting down next to him. He keeps a safe distance, in case this is a bad day, but Bucky just shoves their knees together and doesn’t flinch.
A pause. Then JARVIS says, “He would like ten minutes to clean up before-”
Bucky claps a hand on Steve’s back. “Well, shit. Good luck, Stevie.”
“It was
“Just the chickens,” Tony says, and pauses. “Actually, Pepper and Rhodey have talked about coming to visit.”
“Who’re you talking to?”
“No, this was just a bit of fun, you know, the whole fake-dating thing,” Tony says. “Yeah, he’s really been bothering me.”
They all agree to shelve it for a different night than this. They can try to make it a lighter time, but no one really wants to settle in to watch any movie right now, let alone 12 hours of movie.
Ty smiles tightly down at him, because he’s the kind of guy who uses his height to intimidate people. Not overtly - just enough to make it clear who’s winning in this big dick contest.
“I’ll put it on the fridge,” Tony says quietly.
“Well, up we go,” Tony says.
“I’m good, thank you,” Pepper says. She drops her gaze to her coffee, then up at Tony. Tony makes a face that he hopes communicates
“Understood,” Steve says. “We’ll keep an eye on him, sir.”
“Great! That was -
Steve breaks out into a smile and comes to stand next to him, surveying the new arrivals.
Obie catches his arm just as he’s about to leave. Pepper pauses at the doorway, texting.
Tony scrunches up his nose. “Dad’s always angry,” he says, and closes his eyes, letting his head drop onto Steve’s shoulder.
Steve pauses. “I think that would be the sensible thing to do.”
“That is preferable,” Steve says.
Bucky shrugs. “I got bored and Googled the ending after the first chapter.”
Even as he thinks it, there’s a spark of excitement. This isn’t one of his old projects, the ones he swore off months ago, but if he strains, he can map it out like one: he’ll work with his hands, he’s always liked that. Sure, it’ll include more dirt and animal crap than he’s used to, but he’ll adapt. He’ll watch Youtube tutorials. He’ll ask around in town. Surely there are people around willing to take pity on some formerly rich guy who’s got himself in way over his head.
It’s Ty who recovers first, though. He leans towards Tony. “You didn’t use to find me repulsive.”
Steve does. He tries not to flex the book he’s holding too much, but it’s all he can do not to twist it up into a pretzel now.
“Done,” Tony says. He finishes his coffee. Thinks about getting Barnes back out here to get him another one.
The world narrows and narrows.
Tony appears at his side not long after.
“Good,” Steve says. He both sounds and looks very distracted. He seems all too happy to be pulled in by his collar and kissed again. His lips are warmer now, and after a minute Tony can’t feel a difference between them - Steve’s have warmed or Tony’s have cooled, the two of them meeting in the middle.
Obie hugs Tony. Tony lets him, and then Obie leaves. Tony waits until he gets out of the hall, then gestures at Steve to walk with him.
“Oh, fuck yes,” Tony says, and pauses. “Which ones do you want to keep?”
“Tony had me over for a talk,” Steve says. “About Howard.”
“I did,” Steve says. “I’m not gonna fight you, though.”
“Make something up.”
“I’m really glad to get it back,” he says. He stops tracing the letters, lets his hand rest over the words. He tries to remember the sound of her voice, but it’s hard nowadays. He thinks he can find it, but he can’t be sure it’s accurate. His memory is the only thing he’s got to go on - but at least with this he can have her handwriting, right there as proof.
“Could you-” Steve does some more deep breathing. Reminds himself that Tony is an okay guy when he’s not being impatient, irrational asshole.
Steve takes them out of instinct. They’re good shoes, better than anything he can afford. They look like they could last him until the end of college.
“Keep telling yourself that, big guy,” Rhodey says. “Now, let’s watch this 12 hour monster.”
“How are you liking it?”
“Sorry,” Steve says as he opens the door. “I really gotta get a new one-”
The town can be stifling. It’s small and instantly knowable and Tony is still surprised how much he loves it.
Steve doesn’t know what to say to that, but Sarah doesn’t say anything else, and Steve retreats into his room for the rest of the night.
“Whispering sweet nothings,” Steve repeats. “When did you
“I can deal with that,” he says. “Responsible dads should pay chicken support anyway. Sorry I haven’t been paying it up til now.”
As it turns out, he doesn’t have to worry about what to do with any of it. After waking up from the ice - when he bothers trying to find out what happened to it - all of it’s gone, and has been gone for a long time.
he thinks.
have also decided this, though their feelings on the subject might be a little stronger than Ty’s. He’s heading to some fancy boarding school upstate.”
“Alright,” Steve says. “I’ll see you down there.”
The normal expression flickers. “That’s me. You’re - Stark.”
Rhodey calls the next morning.
“No promises,” Steve says dryly. He dodges the elbow Bucky aims at him. “Alright, alright, I won’t. I’m not interested in that kind of stuff.”
Shit. Tony schools his face into the most innocent expression he can manage.
“Fuck yes I will,” Tony says. “You want As? I can get you them. I’ll be a better teacher than Ms. Frizzle. And you can get a car or something with the ten grand. Do you have your license yet?”
“But Jarvis is there?”
Tony holds still as Pepper finishes dabbing concealer on his cheek and blends it in. “What’s this whole story that it’s a body guard? He’s my body-? That’s kind of flimsy.”
“Thank you,” Steve says. At a loss of what else to do, he takes a bite of his sandwich.
Steve raises his eyebrows at him. “Of course. Why, are you interested?”
“Yeah.”
Steve Jr. comes up and clucks at him, cocking her head.
“Sorry,” Steve says, after his panicked silence has gone on for an embarrassingly long time and Tony is starting to shift on the spot. “I, that was inappropriate. Never mind. Sorry. I’ll see you in a few days.”
The scrape of spatula on metal.
,” Ty says. He comes to a stop in front of them, stopping them from walking. “You look good.”
“Hi?” Steve says. He steps outside, onto the stairs.
“You’re just
It’s very slow going with just Tony, which is how he ends up getting a few people over to help him out. People are, as it turns out, very happy to help in this town. The fertilizer guy, Clint, comes over a few days a week to help him with the silo, and even brings along a few friends: Sam, the guy who runs the cafe near the river, and Bucky, his co-manager who might be married to him or might hate him or both, Tony can’t really tell. They’re good for manual labour, anyway, and also for conversation and bringing food to share when they’re working on the silo.
“Just talking about how you’re an asshole,” Steve says.
Steve nods. “Seems like you’re getting yourself into - something.”
“I try not to, with bullies,” Steve says. He squeezes Tony’s hand again, because it feels like the thing to do and also he’s constantly hyper-aware that he’s holding someone’s hand. It’s a weight at the back of his head in a way that he hadn’t expected.
Tony laughs. When Rhodey doesn’t laugh, Tony stares.
Tony wonders just how much Pepper has told Rhodey, because he sure as hell hasn’t talked to him about it.
“The rest of you get a warning,” Fury says. “No more fights in school, alright? Leave it for the weekends. Dismissed. Get out so I can finish this apple in peace.”
Steve latches on. “I can’t believe we can just grow herbs by ourselves now. We just have all this stuff available. Aren’t you excited to use your very own chives on something?”
“What?” Tony zones back in. “Right.”
adorable.
“Like it so far?”
very proud.”
Tony folds his arms like that’ll stop Steve from trying to give him the shoes back. “That’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard.”
The cover is familiar - it’s
“Yeah, but they still work.”
He looks around at the cupboards and drawers, and Steve goes to point out the cutlery drawer when Tony takes a ragged breath and says, “Hey, would you. I mean, if you wanted, we could. Keep dating. Just keep it going. For real, though.”
This year he gets actual wrapping paper, and a lot of gifts - or, ‘a lot’ from his perspective. He gets at least one thing from everyone he’s friends with, which is more friends than he ever thought he’d have. It’s humbling. It’s a good birthday, a fresh reminder of all the things he’s gained in the future.
Steve thinks, but the thought it distant. Parts of his brain are switching off all at once, nerves narrowing down to Tony’s mouth on his, moving gently, then tilting a little more, mouth opening, coaxing against Steve’s. Oh.
“A relationship could be good for you,” Rhodey says.
much of a good time.”
“Okay,” Steve says. “That’s… not comforting. Was your Dad still angry when I left?”
“He changed that.”
have hours worth of talk behind them, but she just says things like “Huh.” and “Well.” and asking Tony about how classes.
“Do not quote along,” Rhodey tells Tony as they take their seats on the couch.
“I told my friends,” Steve says. “Is that alright? They won’t tell anyone.”
Steve tucks his chin on top of the stack of books and takes a chance. “Nerd.”
Tony tries to look casual as Steve’s gaze touches on the abrasion on his forehead where he’d banged his head against the suit during a particularly intense curve; the bruise on his wrist that happened when he’d been blasted by a missile; the cut on his nose from busting it against the mask.
“So who’s going to the party on Saturday,” Sam asks after the brief Rhodey-and-Tony shoving match has died down.
Sam keeps wheezing for a while, then says, “So what’s on for you today?”
But Tony doesn’t. All he does is tap something into the contract, then hold the phone out for Steve to see.
“I gave in,” Tony says.
He’s moping about this when Tony goes off in search of more beer, and Bucky and Natasha call him over to the couch they’re sitting on. The couch definitely wasn’t there at the start of the night, but Steve is glad it’s here now.
They stare at each other some more.
Steve takes the paper back. “Actually,” he says. “Do you want some orange juice.”
“It wasn’t that hard to find,” Tony says when Steve stays silent. “It, I mean, it wasn’t any trouble. I just put out a few feelers to see what I could find. It was in this little secondhand store and then some old lady brought it for her niece and her niece put it in a box for thirty years and she was very happy to give it to me. I didn’t mention that it was yours, you don’t need to worry-”
, babe. So heartwarming,” Tony says.
“You two do have a charge between you,” he says dryly.
Tony, as he usually does when these two communicate, watches the exchange in bewilderment.
“Uhhhh,” he says. He shoots Steve a smile that doesn’t fool Steve an inch, then says, “Stay there.”
She does both, one after the other.
Tony watches, grinning, as Steve folds in half in his chair and shakes with laughter.
“I’M in - I have the serum, you were PASSED OUT-”
Tony snaps, “I’m
His chest throbs in time with his heartbeat. He’s been assured by the doctor back at the base that will probably stop at some point, unless it’s psychological, then - well. Tony hopes it doesn’t become psychological.
Tony freezes.
“It might not be true,” Steve says. “Maybe he’s really trying to help.”
Steve looks down at the page he’s now landed on, reads out the first line he sees: “
He texts Steve with shaking hands.
Rhodey gives him a look. Tony gives him one right back, and continues not to flinch as a bolt of pain hits his chest. Still healing - yeah, okay.
“And the city.”
“Ninety seconds. Stick to the cards,” he says, and leaves, with only a tiny glance back at Steve.
And he pulls Steve in again. The book drops somewhere on the floor, but neither of them take much notice.
Tony’s smiling. “It’s fine,” he says, and then reaches up to lock his hands around the back of Steve’s head to pull him back in again. Tony’s hands in his hair is a pleasant tingle and Steve feels rather than hears himself make a noise against Tony’s mouth.
“Want some coffee,” Tony asks.
“I’ll tell you mine if you tell me yours,” Tony says. He regrets it as soon as he’s said it - it’s a lie, obviously, it’s just something to say to fill silence, he’s not going to tell Cap
“I’m gonna need to pee a lot tonight,” Tony says, sitting down with his eyes closed.
Steve rolls a tomato in his hand. He glances back at the vegetable patch. “If you have time, do you want to stay for lunch? If you can’t-”
“A little,” he says. “But less the longer I stay here.”
He winces. “Yeah, I’ll think on it.”
Something hard and cold in Tony's stomach loosened, uncurled into a warm little ball.
They stood in silence, an unspoken understanding between them. Eventually Tony felt the cold too much to take solace from it.
Steve drifted off to Tony muttering under his breath.
"Welcome back, boss," Friday said as he sat on his workstation, powering up his computer.
"Well, it works, doesn't it?“ she replied with a smirk.
No, not his real heart, but the one thing that had been such a part of him, that, for a long time, he had seen it like that. The nanite casing he so angrily had thrust into Steve's hand when he came back. He had known that he would never use it again. He hadn't really missed it, but looking at it now, he felt how something deep inside him snapped back into place.
He slept more often than not; every once in a while he even managed six hours a night. The nights where he didn't manage, or when nightmares woke him, Steve almost always waited for him, a pot of fresh coffee or tea on the table in the common rooms. He never asked how he knew; he figured he either heard him, or was plagued by nightmares himself.
A sound escaped Steve, low and pained. And suddenly Tony realized that he was just as touch-starved as he was. He pushed himself up, holding Steve tighter. He allowed himself to stop thinking. Steve‘s shoulders slumped and he curled himself around Tony, fingers digging almost painfully in his back.
"I'm pretty sure we can just skip all the formalities. We've been dancing around each other for too long. Plus-," a deep sadness settled on his face, and Tony instantly reached out for his hand. "I don't wanna waste any more time," Steve said quietly.
Tony fell silent, trying to collect his thoughts.
'Useless', a small voice in the back of Tony's head hissed. He shut it down less and less, even though he knew he should.
He inhaled deeply, letting this sudden realization settle. He searched Steve's eyes, blue as the sky above. And just as beautiful.
"Tony, please, think about it. You can give hope to people, show them-“
"That‘s mine“ Steve‘s voice had an odd tone to it.
"Speaking from experience, are you?“ The smile in his voice was audible.
"What do you want from me, Rhodes? New suits? What for? There’s nobody left to wear them. Because I won't get-" he stopped, tried to breathe through the massive panic attack the thought alone had caused.
He mumbled, shifted and pushed into Steve's touch. He didn't mean to wake him, but as Tony's eyes fluttered open, golden-brown and unguarded in the soft morning light, he didn't have it in him to regret it.
"Why thank you, Cap," Tony said, "good to know that chivalry isn't dead yet." His voice was dripping with sarcasm.
Inside it was warm, and he didn't turn on the lights as he went through the process of making coffee. Steve was still there, leaning against the door frame; he felt his eyes on him. Tony ignored him as he took out milk and sugar, set it on the counter before retrieving two mugs. He filled them both, before looking up. Wordlessly he held one out to Steve, raising a questioning eyebrow.
"Not sure about that," he replied, his heart heavy with grief as the screen flickered to life and showed him the last picture of him and Pepper. It had been on their last vacation, the one she'd insisted on.
"Fuck the tea,“ he growled, enjoying how Tony‘s eyes widened in mock shock.
"Oh, hey," Steve said, stopping in the doorway.
Steve almost dropped him as he stumbled back. Tony had never seen anything more breathtaking. Steve's face was glowing, his cheeks red which only made his blue eyes appear even brighter. His hair was a mess, sticking out every which way. He was breathing hard, and Tony could see his pulse racing in the vein on his neck.
The heat in Steve‘s stomach spread through his body, warming his cold hands.
He went and apologized a day later, and naturally Rhodey forgave him. He also stopped joining Tony for his walks. Rhodey and Happy kept checking in on him, made sure he ate, controlled his healing process, but that was it. The team sent him recordings of every meeting they held, always telling him that he was still part of something bigger. Sometimes he listened to them on his walks, just to have some sort of human interaction. More often than not he ignored it though. Friday archived them; she always seemed to know when he needed to hear some human voices.
Tony froze, his gaze locking with Steve‘s. "Wriggling stopped,“ he said, eyes sparkling with mischief.
"Happy Birthday," he whispered back, ignoring the single tear that escaped his eye.
Tony never admitted it out loud, but he'd come to enjoy Steve's company. And he had the feeling Steve felt equally. It was as if he was a different person at night, a softer, gentler, more understanding Steve.
“Of course,” Steve says. He closes the door and goes over to the couch, sitting a safe distance away. “Is, uh. Is everything alright at home?”
"You programmed her,“ Steve said quietly.
Tony immediately went for Steve‘s shirt, pawing at it with a desperation that made Steve's heart clench. He wrapped his hands around Tony‘s wrists, stopping him from tearing the worn shirt.
"Leave the deities out of the bedroom, Captain,“ Tony shot back, hips starting to move again.
He slept better, sometimes up to five hours a night, which was a huge step up. He ate regularly, either forced by Friday who cut the power if he didn't stop on his own, or by one of the team. He got used to being around people again; and every once in a while he managed to have dinner with Rhodey and Happy.
"I can change that," Tony said, squaring his shoulders.
"We used to go for drinks," Steve said, eyes trained on the fire. "Before the serum it took only one or two beers to get me smashed." He chuckled; somehow it sounded melancholic. "After, I could drink him under the table in no time, and we both knew it. Yet he still tried. Bought the strongest liqueur he could find. After HYDRA-, well, he couldn't get drunk either. The-, the last time he had some weird Wakandan syrupy thing Shuri had mixed together. It stank like battery acid. Funnily it tasted like cherries. We emptied the whole thing in five minutes. And that was the first time in a very long time that I could feel any effect. It didn't last. Shuri said she wanted to keep trying."
"Watch your language, Captain,“ he said around a barely contained grin.
Soon he lost himself in his work again, the familiar routines soothing to his frayed mind. His fingers remembered what they had to do, and before long he stood in front of a small sturdy robot that was able to lift hundred times its weight.
Tony watched their friendly banter, some of the heavy weights on his shoulders lifting.
Steve growled, a low noise that was more sensation than actual sound. His arms came around Tony's waist, and he spun them around, pressing Tony against the stone. He yelped at the manhandling, but Steve's hungry mouth on his made him forget it instantly.
They rarely talked; both had said their fill. And the silence between them had become comfortable, like a warm blanket in a cold night.
"You're making words up now?" he asked huskily.
Tony frowned, looking closer at the soft wool around his shoulders. And it dawned him that he never gave it back. It still smelled faintly of Steve‘s cologne; which now was mixed with Tony‘s own. It was a nice scent.
Tony looked at him; he was all soft confusion and strange insecurity, deep shadows underneath those blue eyes. He shrugged, but at the same time he pulled his feet under himself, making space for him.
"Yes, I do,“ Tony said, reigning in his automatic snappy reply.
"Your heart‘s racing, Cap,“ Tony murmured, fingers tapping the rhythm against Steve‘s skin.
"Help yourself," Tony said, pushing milk and sugar towards him.
"Tony, you are not alone. We-“ Steve interrupted. Tony held up his hand, stopping him.
Tony sank against him, grateful for the darkness around them. It had been too long since he‘d touched anyone, let alone hug. Rhodey had tried, when he first came back. He hadn’t been able to handle his hand on his shoulder back then, let alone a full body contact. He had made that very clear to Rhodey.  He hadn't offered again. And Tony never asked.
Steve‘s body was solid and warm; Tony felt his racing heart slow down, his erratic breathing return to normal. Hesitantly he let his hands slide over Steve‘s hips; his back was too wide to wrap his arms around, but he tried anyway.
"I know,“ Tony croaked, "I gave you shit for all of this,“ he waved a hand around. "But that‘s me being an asshole. You know me, you read my file: I don't play well with others. If anything, it‘s all our faults. Hell, nobody‘s fault. Who cares. It happened. We tried to change it. We failed. Not only you or me, all of us.“ He swallowed around the lump in his throat. "We have to move on. Some deal better, some worse.“ He grimaced a smile. "Some even more worse than others.“
