John had been married before. Torn apart when it was over. It took none other than Sherlock Holmes to pick him up after that, and he couldn’t possibly fathom the idea of losing him like he lost Mary. Underneath, though, he knew he should never have married her. A marriage was what was comfortable, what he thought he wanted…but it wasn’t enough to live; only enough to survive. Trapped, lonely and looking for an immediate cure to his sorrow, he married her for safety and security. Within months he knew he didn’t love her enough. The Sherlock-sized gap that was burnt in his soul could be imbued by just him.
“Mm-hm.” Sherlock swivels back to the kitchen and reaches into the cheese box (next to the toes) in the fridge for the parmesan, then procures a grater from the drawer of cutlery, narrowly avoiding being scraped by a scalpel. He grates enough cheese for each plate onto a wooden board - not contaminated by flesh, he hopes...there were those ears yesterday, he thinks he used Fairy liquid -  before scattering some on each serving. He plops himself opposite his blogger and flicks open the leather case of his phone next to him.
John does not reply; instead, he just hangs up coolly. Turning his head, but keeping his eyes elsewhere, he grunts to Sherlock, “Okay, he’s saying Soho, but who bloody knows at this point?”
As they settled in between the sheets John removed his watch while Sherlock applied lip balm. They put heads onto each of their pillows and turned to face each other. Sherlock reached for John’s hair and fingered the downy silver strands. Holding the back of his neck, he bent his own to bury his face into it and imprint it with numerous light kisses. It mildly angered him that his senses were impeded so he couldn’t breathe in the perfume of John’s shampoo. He stroked his cheek with his thumb.
--nothing. He plays a quick scale, buying a bit more time; he hasn't done this in years. "What do we like then?" he shouts over the crowd, relieved as the heads turn his way rather than to the window where, on the other side, Sherlock is currently grappling with Yourrell. John notices the gun on the pavement (
He knew. Thank god, of course he knew. They touched and within moments were ensconced in each other’s embraces.
“John. I must be doing something wrong. I’m giving off the wrong signals. Even when I’m trying to be transparent, people are too stupid to figure me out! The world is too simple, too moronic, it truly is a burden, and those men were no different,’ he huffs, then he mumbles curses under his breaths and scrunches up tightly, again with adolescent moodiness.
Since he knows the psychology behind different gaits, - which, in turn, makes John aware - he makes a point of doing his normal, rhythmic, just-got-back-from-solving-a-case footsteps up the rickety staircase.
He pushes the door to the living room with a single finger. It blows outwards, letting him step inside, as if to welcome him and put him at ease.
He watches, open-mouthed, John’s fingers marching over the keys and each note ascending into the atmosphere like curling smoke. The arc of John’s back and the profile of his face-- tendrils of silver winding over his forehead creases of concentration, just like he’d noticed a million times before. And then that warm feeling suspends above his heart again.
John’s diction is clipped and breathy, usually an indicator of something being not quite right. This, thankfully, is a fairly common occurrence, and not dissimilar from Sherlock’s usual tone. Picking up his fork, he begins eating, hungrily.
“…So are we taking his case?” John was crumpling inwardly, feeling very uncomfortable all of a sudden.
He reached for one of the rings and lifted it to his hand. Gingerly, he slid the cool band down the fourth finger on his left hand. It belonged about the base of his proximal phalange; there was a ridge there that supported it. Feeling its comfort, he decided to keep it on. His argument was that it would do no harm, just to feel how marriage feels, right?
“Yes, of course. Very alright indeed.” He looked up to his loved one. Mrs Hudson radiated pride and motherly compassion.
), lying next to the illuminated iPhone screen, hoping that Sherlock has managed to call the Met. John is glad about this--had John not texted Greg, it’s good to know that there’s a backup plan.
“Yes, John!” Sherlock retorted coarsely. The two were walking with some sense of urgency back to Baker Street (or, rather, John was practically jogging trying to keep up with Sherlock’s swift strides). Sherlock usually behaved in this manner when he was fired up by something like this so John didn’t mind. Then again, there was nothing he couldn’t love about the man.
At the bar, Sherlock speaks with authority to the stubbly-faced, tired-looking Yourrell. The man can’t be older than twenty-one. “Hello there,” Sherlock says, his affected friendliness belied by his straight-backed posture and the way he refuses to let Yourrell’s eyes leave his own.
“Yeah. We’ve been tracking his car with the GPS system, don’t know why Mercs have it in nowadays, but, erm-“
“...erectile dysfunction. Also I thought it'd be a nice surprise so we could go to the cinema a bit earlier. Jesus, I'm not that scary, am I?!”
Gloves were pulled from numb fingers and scarves were unravelled. The couple’s weeknight regime commenced. Teeth were brushed, faces washed, pyjamas (or lack thereof) donned.
Bickering. On this rather damp Thursday night in central London Sherlock and John were, unsurprisingly, on a case. And, as with any case, of course, there was bickering. Sherlock’s steely vehemence and John’s disbelief in his partner’s inconceivable intellect contrasted, and more often than not it wasn’t for the better. But they both knew that without it, they’d be lost. Anyhow, they both knew how it felt.
The lump in John’s throat grows to the point of being unable to breathe. He’s miscalculated, and his thoughts tumble rapidly in his mind like a waterfall.
As the door next to Speedy’s shut, coats were unbuttoned and hair was ruffled dry. Sherlock cleared his throat once; John noticed. Then again, then again, then again. It eventually got past the point of being passed off as white noise.
Snapping out of his fantasies - that was for later, he thought - he reminded himself he needed to speak. “Well - I liked it, too.”
“Thank you so much, Sherlock Holmes,” Albert enthusiastically exclaimed, vigorously shaking Sherlock’s hand. Gladly, Sherlock noticed earlier how Albert spotted the band on his finger, and had since become rather more reserved. As Albert crossed to thank John for his help, he simply patted him graciously on the shoulder. “Thank you, Dr. Watson.” Albert realised that John knew of his inclination, and being a decent bloke he stayed on the friendly side, rather than anything more.
Sherlock’s voice is audibly squeaky and dry with nerves. He hates it. John has since wandered into the kitchen, presumably seeking tea or wine. His beverage of choice will probably be decided based on how this goes.
The misty grey of the morning enlivened into a clearer, whiter sky. John left for work fairly early, while Sherlock slumbered. When, again, he did rise, he immediately remembered what he needed to do today.
Sherlock continues steadily playing the piece of music that John recognises knowing he will still hear it from the bathroom; maybe he will like the background noise. He plays with more verve at this idea. Every one of his fingers on the strings quiver with vibrato, the bows long and lyrical. He allows his legs to carry him closer to the bathroom, unaware at first that he’s moving, but eager for John to listen. He wonders if it’s just the music he wants him to hear. The space around him glows ever more, the dim, orange fireplace and the glistening mahogany mantel. Sherlock takes a second to appreciate being around here, in this flat - his home. Each note of the tune spreads a certain ardour down his body, through his bloodstream, down his spine, the knowing that John is appreciative of him and that he is on the other side of that door, listening.
He hadn’t even realised that he’d been walking closer towards the stage until he realises that he is now just a few metres from it, where John Watson is playing Chopin’s Nocturne Op. 9, No. 2. His playing is rusty, missing the odd note and skewing the time signature for a few bars, but even these missteps seem to make the whole affair ever more curiously alluring. There’s something in it that he simply can’t put his finger on, again, such a rarity, but it’s there and it’s…beautiful. Right now, he couldn’t care less about any case he’s ever solved. The only thing that matters is watching John’s hands over the keys, his body slowly rise and fall with the swells in the music--the passion and effort on his face as if he were playing at the Royal Albert Hall rather than a grotty pub in Cockfosters.
However, marriage was something Sherlock and John never ever discussed. To John, it was glaringly obvious that Sherlock spurned the idea of lifelong commitment and was quite content with a relationship like he had with John. They were part of each other, neither of them whole without the other one. John’s opinion, Sherlock assumed, stemmed from how his last one ended, and he didn’t wish to divulge in something so consuming again.
It was quarter-past-seven later that Monday evening and Sherlock and John were having a night in their local. Sherlock’s hands were cradling a half of bitter and John was sipping a pint of viscous, flat lager. Tonight was a middle ground between a date and - well, not a date. Trying to have some sort of a celebration of their relationship, Sherlock thought it prudent to share a drink and a chat. They’d only been ‘official’ a month or so, and they were both loving it.
While Sherlock was getting clean, John fulfilled his duties and got on with tea-making. He placed a lemon (that looked a bit old, let’s be honest, but the thought was there) onto their only chopping board that wasn’t occupied with some manner of parts and sliced it thickly. He put the pieces into a teacup and added a teabag. Out of the cupboard, he then procured a jar of honey - Sherlock’s favourite thing - and spooned a large blob into the cup. The kettle was flicked on, and, as if on cue, out of the bathroom came Sherlock, scrubbing at his inextricably curly hair, sniffling all the while.
There is quite a long pause. “Erm,” John replies with a strain in his voice, “No. How did you, er…know? …All that?” John’s face shows he is vexed, possibly impressed. Knowing John, it is majoritively the latter. Despite his love of the praise, he doesn’t like to white-lie extensively. He keeps his voice and head low, looking at the phone and admits: “I talked to Gav--Gra--Greg. Greg. I rang him. I was intrigued by this one. You know my penchant.”
“Bisexual, actually, in all fairness,” John interrupted. Sherlock thought it odd that John was still truculent on the subject of his sexuality. “Carry on…”
“Okay, you two. We’ll look further into this Albert bloke. Unless you want to just take the wheel; it seems you’re getting on with it okay,” Lestrade affirmatively said.
It’s been 10 minutes and Sherlock is back at the entrance where John is making himself as scarce as possible. Sherlock strides with an air of smugness up to John, his hair slightly mussed and holographic glitter striated across a cheekbone, highlighting its prominence yet more. Pissed off, John can’t help but think Oh God, what’s he been up to now?
“His alibi’s the size of a mosquito. Basically confessed to everything. He’ll go to court next Tuesday--won't stand a chance.”
A throat clear precedes a cautious “So…are you going to text… one of those men??… Maybe??” And immediately he’s regretting ever questioning him, know he’s misjudged it all.
“For god’s sake, Sherlock, are you joking? Clients are always into you, not me. All genders, too.” John was trying to hide that this very resigned, yet obviously very hopeful man was pining for him.
A while later, dinner is placed in front of John, who is boggling at the fact Sherlock has actually cooked dinner.  Sherlock decides not to take this as an insult, given the placidity of his friend and the sporadic nature of this gesture. It even smells good. “Ta. Parmesan?” John asks as casual as he can sound.
“Of course; this was a terrible idea.” They left the pub, the carpet clinging to the soles of their shoes, the thick, smoky air infiltrating their lungs.
- they’ve got a decent-sounding case, and Sherlock is being playful rather than irate and/or miserable, his usual state. He’s content, but...uncomfortable with his contentedness. He deduces that it’s this - Sherlock’s mood is unusual, off-putting almost...but he cannot think why. It’s not something he’s accustomed to; he knows if anything, it made him uneasy enough to want to leave the room, which is very strange indeed. Overwhelmed is the word.
John rested a hand on Sherlock’s, to which Sherlock’s heart tightened and his mouth went dry. Immediately, John felt the rigid, cold metal tingle against his dry palm, and straight away he knew.
He feels somewhat deflated inside. John acted as if he perceived him as stupid. Of course, it’s common knowledge. John is an intelligent man, and he has just insulted him. How childish. He lifts the chin rest once more and starts bowing mindlessly again.
As asked, John is now sitting opposite Sherlock in his chair - his specific chair, warm and protecting and comforting, just like him - that he has occupied all this time.
“Please.” John lifted his glass to his mouth before wincing and scrunching his nose up disgust, then placing it down again. “You know what, this beer’s shite. Can we go home, love?”
He doesn’t have long to compose himself. Act normal. He unravels the black silk-blend scarf from around his neck and hangs it on its designated coat hook. The long military jacket that could only be his is peeled from his being, ridden of excess rainwater by way of meaningless flapping, and slung atop the scarf. He brushes himself down - as if of the remaining pieces of his grievances - and rests down into the supple leather that has moulded into his figure.
Sherlock exhaled in impatience. “We need to pretend we’re married. To keep him at bay. It makes perfect sense. As soon as an admirer sees a connection elsewhere, they back off. We don’t do PDA, obviously, and this method is subtle. If he feels bad, it’s his problem.”
They dine in silence, Sherlock with a fork in his right hand and his phone in his left, thumb-scrolling down his inbox. On occasion, he glances over to look at John, who seems to be gratefully stuffing his dinner down. That’s nice to see. He pulls a concentrated sort of expression when he’s eating, Sherlock’s always noticed that-- maybe it’s the creases that striate his forehead, or the rounded angle of his clenched jaw, peppered with stubble. With John’s hair being a bit longer and in need of a trim nowadays, little wispy fronds fall down his forehead, which is also...pleasing. John's voice breaks the easy silence and calls his focus back to work, gesturing towards the phone in his hand with his fork. “Anything worth mentioning?”
John peers around the wall of the kitchen, the sash of his dressing gown trailing on the floor, such is his height (or lack thereof).
“Don’t see why not. Yourrell first, he’s early twenties. He works in The Royal Indian.” A throaty groan. “Cockfosters.”
“Bloody hell, Sherlock!!!” John’s heart stopped equally and inhaled a lungful in shock and exasperation at Sherlock’s reaction.
There’s a quietening from outside, too. What was once a chat-turned-interrogation-turned-fight is now a man lying on paving stones with a bloody nose. Sherlock turns his head towards the pub, at first searching for John's face but captivated by the beautiful resonance. When he sees who is playing, he may as well have been the one batty with a head injury. It’s not even the playing that is the most extraordinary thing. It’s beautiful, yes--but it’s the fact that, he’d--never, ever,
“No, we haven’t. Where were you referring to, mate? Think ‘central London’ is a bit on the general side.” Both men have had enough of one another. It’s cold and they’re both knackered.
Sherlock does the routine stand-in-the-middle-of-the-road-with-authority-and-wave cab hail and in a moment one is pulling up onto the kerb. He gives an assured ‘Baker Street, please’. The journey home is a solemn one. John can’t help but notice when Sherlock tilts his head at a certain angle, and the streetlight casts itself in its right place, his cheekbone still shimmers with glitter. As pissed off as he may be, and as miserable as the night has been, the picture seems to lift his mood, just a little bit.
It’s not Angelo’s, but the food is palatable enough to Sherlock to bear being there while waiting. Waiting is tedious. His legs bounce impatiently beneath the table as his fingers skitter along the top, rushing the time away.
John could never reply. Instead he could only ever sit on the floor, on the landing next to his beloved piano that only Harry was permitted to play. It was cold and sad and so, so lonely. Often he’d run to his room and punch the inside his door until his knuckles bled and scream and cry and tell himself he was useless. He'd have to wait, until the front door banged shut and the sound of tyres on the concrete was far in the distance. There were usually thirty or forty luxurious minutes, while his dad would go out when he could cherish the ability to play and harmonise with the instrument, absorbing its sound and feeling,
“Charming. But he did not fancy me. The only people who think I’m attractive are assassins, liars and sociopaths, apparently.”
Waiting is the right word. Sherlock can’t exactly swoop in with his coat and cheekbones and ask the man if he’d stabbed someone the other night. Best to stay inconspicuous. He and John are close to this one. Joseph Yourrell - suspected murderer, and incidentally, a barman at the bog-standard Indian restaurant-pub in Cockfosters. The tarka dahl almost makes the fifteen tube stops worth it. Yourrell has been cleaning a pint glass with the same greying tea towel for a good three minutes while sweatily chattering to women double his age across the bar. Easily he calculates they’re here for no other reason than to get away from their husbands, and, judging by the barbecue sauce under one of them’s fingernails, they wolfed kebabs before coming to this higher-end joint.
“Good evening, any drinks for you, sir?” His voice is almost automated, like a robot’s. What is unmistakeable, however, is the thick Cockney twang of his accent.
John’s countenance slackens. Not droopily, like one has just heard of a death or other tragic news. It’s a sympathetic softening; the edges of concern being worn away and the frown lines smoothed in understanding. A tiny, gentle smile flickers, tempting the corners of his mouth. Sherlock observes, astounded by beauty and this new-yet-age-old feeling he believes is love. Even the word itself is a daunting notion. John opens his mouth, ready to answer, but no words follow.
The day breezed by as Sherlock sat at his microscope. He was deep in work. It was 3 pm, and no matter how engrossed in measuring amylase in samples of saliva he was he never forgot the time and how he must return the rings before John saw and humiliation ensued.
"There." She said shoving the box in his direction. "Oh and there's something on top that's a little more pressing. Read it when you can."
And that was that. Though John had worried about a change in mood a shift in temperature an awkward silence a relationship irrevocably shifted, none came. They talked and chatted as normal, bridging away from questions about sex and worries about fitting together as these new people with a slightly different or additional impetus. They just talked. As they always had. As John and Sherlock. As consulting detective and colleague. As best friends.
“Scarpered. Cupboard cleaned out, clothes gone, suitcase gone, everything. The only thing he left was a note, a gun and a pile of money.”
John watched as Sherlock reached for a glass of water and took a rather large gulp. He couldn't imagine this was all about honey. That would be daft. But he really had no idea where this was heading. Whatever was occurring Sherlock seemed nervous and John just wanted to calm him down.
There was yet another body blow to his self-esteem. Brought down another peg. He knew how Mycroft saw him. Perhaps Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were the same. Perhaps now it had finally spread to Sherlock.
"It would be easier if you straddled me." Sherlock said quickly and John felt him tense under his fingertips.
, the pain.) had come back full force and he rummaged through his bag to find the bottle, popped the top and took two of the pills. A second later he thought better of it and took one more.
"Well you were wrong...God, you and this glorious nest of dark, copper hair...I just want to bury my face in it."
He inhaled, exhaled and looked around. God, but he'd missed this place. He'd missed who he was when he was here.
The second phase of sensate meant they could touch everywhere including the genitals and that was when John discovered he enjoyed nibbling on Sherlock's nipples and that Sherlock was pretty fond of it himself. It was also when they discovered that for all the attention Sherlock liked to lavish on John's balls, it wasn't even close to how much attention he wanted to show them. John came for the second time since they'd gotten together, limp but satisfying.
He thought about coming clean then. It was a sudden overwhelming impulse to tell them about the pills. About how it was slowly creeping out of control. About how that feeling of the walls of his life closing in on him again was starting to return. About how he hadn't been to a meeting in a while...a good while.
"There wasn't room or time for anyone or anything else. But don't get me wrong, I liked it that way. We did everything together. No matter what else was going on neither of us would be able to even sleep if the other one wasn't safely back home in the flat. He became my family, my best mate, I...I loved him dearly. I'd have done just about anything for him." John said before adding. "He made me happy."
I'd like to be able to talk to you, to say these things on the phone if not in person but I think that's far too much to ask.
"Not a crime but unusual. You can pretend it isn't, John, but I know you know better. Did you ever get the impression he was holding back?"
He and Sherlock would take the two up top and they had plans to make the larger one off the kitchen their office. The fourth chamber...they weren't so sure.
But, to his surprise and pleasure, he was rushed through the system, especially once his connection to Sherlock was discovered. Think of the publicity. Far too much attention, nothing any hospital actually wanted. He was before a magistrate and released on his own recognizance before his DT's got really bad. But they were bad enough. He stood there, waiting to collect his belonging from the desk agent, trying to hide the shaking and sweating and the painful surges in his body as it screamed for even a swallow of alcohol.
"No," He grinned. "But I saw your cock before you got into bed and I just...I love having you in my mouth."
"I'm staying away from it. I mean...God, this is going to sound so cliche but I don't think I realized how it's just bloody everywhere. Everyone's flat, every restaurant, every other place I pass is a pub or an off license, every shop has a huge, expansive, glittering booze aisle."
John missed him. He missed the clutter of home. The dishes in the sink, the mug rings on nearly every wood surface, Mrs. Hudson bustling in and out. His chair. Sherlock's chair. The creak of the stairs as a client approached. Looking up and seeing Sherlock, working, thinking, sleeping, playing the violin.
"So, can we do that again sometime?" John asked with a grin as the detective was getting into the car.
It did, when he pulled back from it all and looked at it with clear eyes it did, but he only nodded his head and Hanah went on.
John had stopped into his room after lunch to grab his notebook before therapy when a knock on the door surprised him.
But he also didn't like the idea of Sherlock being so torn. Or worse yet, thinking that he had to stay away from them solely because of him. John wanted him to keep a healthy distance from his parents, that was true. But because Sherlock himself wanted it. Not for fear of upsetting his partner.
Sherlock was still a delightful live wire, twitching underneath him every so often for a few moments afterward even as John kissed him soothingly.
"These things...saying these things to you, in real time, it's so hard. Or it was. It was so hard to unknot my tongue. I worried, even in my fantasies I worried about people getting the wrong idea. How can you be a homophobe when it comes to yourself?"
He began as his mate had with him, broad circles with the flat of his hand, clockwise with slowly increasing pressure. As John's contact increased so did his best friends moans coupled with him nearly imperceptibly grinding against the bed.
Once he'd gotten back to his room that night he'd set the coin on his bureau, untouched and ignored.
Sherlock's mother was, as Mary had once put it, a woman of presence. She was short, a bit round and she seemed partial to flowy clothes that floated around her figure as opposed to clinging. She was more likely to wear her silver hair up than down, captured by an army of pins to keep it in place. She had piercing eyes that seemed almost designed to make one nervous. Or at least that was how he felt.
She was right, of course. It didn't. It sounded like someone else entirely. Someone who had wheelbarrows full of his own childhood trauma that he'd ignored and deleted.
"He caught a bad cold a few months back and it scared him. Because of his line of work he didn't have many friends, you understand."
"I'm fine. Copper...pennies...I could smell your blood and it smelled of copper pennies. You know I don't even keep them? When I get them back as change from a store I put them in the Take-A-Penny-Leave-A-Penny thing or I just drop them on the ground outside. I can't bear that smell on my fingers. I can't stand it. In an emergency, if someone needs help, I'm fine. But I can't just casually smell that anymore, hmm? Your hair was just soaked with it. Soaked with your blood and when they moved you it just left this streak on the pavement, like an artist's brush soaked in oil paint.
"Ok, well sex is...sex can be nice, it can be procedural, it can be clinical, it can be detached, it can be like a handshake...I suppose it's my least favorite out of the three. But again that's
. His parents were nice but bloody hell they'd done a number on him if he could twist this in his brain to be
"It's not as simple as she made it sound. I was also a writer during the day. But yeah, at night, my primary income was just running errands and occasionally working as a heavy."
“Ahh yes, the cock ring. We really must try that again.” Sherlock said as he thought back to that evening.
He obliged him, glancing up and slow blinking as he bobbed his head slowly on his cock. Sherlock's hand went to his cheek, just resting there softly and encouragingly. His other hand was mercilessly gripping the bedsheet in a tight fist.
Within 10 minutes John, having settled in his chair, had posted a tweet confirming the news, a plea to not drown their inbox in good wishes and an alternate link to an on-site message board along with an FAQ that answered questions like "When is the wedding?" "Where is the wedding?" "Public or private?" etc. etc. He'd decided to choose from the most common ones he saw in their flood of messages to them both.
"Well, I got a bottle of whiskey for the table. I seem to remember that being your poison. Am I right?"
"Very well done, John. I mean, quite spot on. You have come a long way. Truly, leaps and bounds. When we first met-"
"And don't forget you still have a few cavities that need filling so you should make an appointment at the front desk before you leave."
Unseemly, I know. But I'm lying here in bed practically giddy. As giddy as I was when I saw that plane with you on it start to taxi.
"After Mary died, I was lost. And more importantly, I wanted to get even more lost and stay that way. I won't pretend that I didn't want to destroy things, things I'd built up for myself in this life. Things I'd accomplished." he glanced down at Rosie who was breathing stuffily through her nose as babies tended to do, still fast asleep. "Things I'd lovingly made. I wanted to bring it all crashing down and then I wanted to exit, stage left. I didn't want any more of this or any more of any of you. But none of you would give up. None of you would take no, or please leave or fuck off for an answer. You called and you visited and you helped and listened and you comforted and one of you even had me briefly committed."
"Fantastic. You celebrated 4 months clean not too long ago. We had a session that day and I waited for you to mention it but you didn't."
He kissed down my body, the scrape of his beard felt amazing and I was writhing again. His tongue lapped at the come dotting and pooling on my abdomen. His lips wrapped around my sticky cock and I whimpered. It was sensory overload and I nearly begged him to stop...and then to do anything
"I...yes, of course." He snatched the box off the table and stood up before sinking down on his right knee and opening the lid to reveal the ring. There were more than a few gasps and whispered "Oh my God's" as it became obvious what Sherlock was doing.
"It's part of cognitive behavioral therapy," She said replying to his question. "We need to, emotionally speaking, return you to the moments of trauma to, in effect, let you know you're beyond them."
At this, John flew into a coughing fit and Sherlock thumped him on the back with concern until he quieted.
"It's a Duck email. An email from Duck. He's going to be in town and wanted to know if I'd be interested in having dinner. I think it sounds like a marvelous idea. Don't you?"
"You're Goddamn right I did. Yes, I knew that. I don't know how you remember it, John but I know how it was. You were getting careless, manic. Not sleeping, not eating. I know the thousand yard stare when I see it and I know you!"
"Terrified. He was bigger, stronger than I remember him being. All the spots that I used to aim for to get him to let me go; his wrists, his shins, none of them were working."
up his nose before. He wasn't even sure where the impulse had come from. But it was worth it. The high was nearly immediate, not the slow, all over body sensation of swallowing the meds. This was fast and hard and explosive and he was just leveling off when Sherlock came home with Chinese food.
"No, none taken." He said with a smile indicating he would save his best comeback for out of Rosie's earshot.
“Sherlock...sir....I’m coming.” He whimpered and Sherlock quickly removed his hand from his arse, popping his finger in his mouth. Just as quickly he returned it to John, parting his cheeks and pressing his wet digit to his hole and ever so slightly inside. The intrusion did not go unnoticed at in the midst of his orgasm John’s body jerked and clenched around him.
That was what he had felt being this close to Sherlock again. Radiation. Danger. Not from the man himself. But from being this close to feeling something again. Caring.
I bloody well nearly left the Hi off this one because I am a step away from wanting you to see it. You would think this is about the lies. The awful, thoughtless, cruel lies. You would think this is about letting me believe you were dead.
John turned to look at him, shaking his head slightly in disbelief. It was all so sentimental and romantic and kind.
When John entered the room he found Sherlock lying on his left side, shirtless and still. He walked over and seated himself on the edge of the bed.
"Now, we're a residential inpatient treatment facility specializing in substance abuse, PTSD, depression, mental illness, and trauma. This program is 90 days and you are expected to remain in the facility on the grounds for the duration. Is all that clear to you?"
"Money is how you determine your self-worth? Seems healthy. Is this some sort of bizarre strutting about because you feel emasculated; by finances, by sex, by having to wave farewell to heterosexuality? Because if it is John, it's boring. It bores me. Take whatever job you like doing whatever you want. I've never stopped you before and I have no intention of doing so now. But don't drag me into this as though it were a choice for the greater good."
"Well, are you hungry?" He said trying to shake away the burning in his eyes and on his skin. He wouldn't cry and he would try not to recoil.
John rose from his chair and walked over to his partners, putting first one knee and then the other on the outside of Sherlock's thighs. As they sunk into the cushion of the chair he leaned in close, just close enough to brush their lips against one another's.
“What bloke?” Sherlock asked but even to his ears, it sounded unconvincing. His mind raced back to the scene at the club. John chatting. John leaning forward. John smiling. John flirting. John, apparently getting the man's number. Yes, he’d noticed that exchange. But he hadn’t told a lie. He wasn’t angry. He was
With a gentle tug, he pulled his husband atop him, lips gravitating toward his neck. He started with soft kisses before shifting into light, teeth grazing nips and finally moved to sucking on the skin there, tongue occasionally darting out to lick and soothe.
He didn't want to talk about it or think about it. He only wanted to settle down with a drink in his hand and forget it had ever happened.
He wondered if it would be the same guy and if maybe he could talk or bribe him into letting him stay, just for a while.
He didn't know exactly how to put that into words for Hanah. And he was starting to think that what he did want he wasn't going to be able to find. In light of that, the truth was he'd half heartedly given up. He still attended meetings in person every now and then, but for the time being, he believed he'd found a better solution.
"Trust breeds trust. I trust you. You get a chemical buzz. You trust me. You get a chemical buzz. And so on and so on. It's circular." John said and then paused. "Isn't it funny how everything has an element of getting high, doesn't it? Love, chocolate, heroin, alcohol, kindness, trust."
"No, not really. Or rather I haven't found a reason for myself. I don't expect to." He rubbed at his temple trying to quell the ever-present headache.
As for Sherlock, he was currently in a hickey stage. He certainly didn't mind receiving them but he was probably most eager to give them. As a result John's body was peppered with love bites most of which were easily concealed by clothes. There was occasionally one or two on his neck that required he borrow one of his partner's many scarves. And hough he pretended to be irritated, he actually found it funny.
"Rosie," He said kneeling down. "How would like to stay home with Daddy and Papa all day and learn with us?"
"Well, I wouldn't have been pestering you to call Irene Adler... Jesus Christ, nights of passion in High Wycombe. You must have thought I was such an arse. Does Mycroft know?"
Sherlock opened his legs wider and John settled himself between them, lying on his stomach, Sherlock's erection before him. As he did last night he pressed puckered lips to the head and sucked. Sherlock's eyes had been locked on him but now he shut them tight as he inhaled sharply through his nose.
"If you recall, before everything with Magnussen got going and you threatened to threaten me and I said I thought we'd both find that embarrassing. Well, we do. You're fidgeting, your skin is practically crawling at that ridiculous Bond villain soliloquy you forced yourself to say and I'm just sitting in this chair absolutely mortified that I had to hear it. See, both embarrassed."
John forced a smile. Sherlock had been through enough. He'd cried on his shoulder and whinged at him for far, far too long. He'd handle this on his own, by himself. The very least he owed him was to be a pleasant and undemanding partner.
In the past, he'd described depression as a wave and sometimes it did feel like that. But lately and more often than not, he'd describe it more like a mudslide or better yet quicksand. Thick, heavy, wet, fastmoving, eager to overtake, bring down, suffocate, smother. That was what he felt at the moment, like he was suffocating. He undid the first button on his shirt so his collar felt a little less like it was strangling him and with a shaky hand, he reached for his coffee. He didn't really want it but drinking coffee was a normal action. An action he could break down into parts. Reach out. Grip cup. Raise cup slowly to mouth adjusting for volume inside cup. Sip. Hold. Sip. Extend arm and replace cup on table.
They reached their crescendo swiftly and together, John breathily calling Sherlock's name, Sherlock replying in kind, his voice cracking with a final, broken, vocal "John..."
person, chance, opportunity. Sherlock wouldn't, didn't text if he wasn't interested. In fact, the only other person he texted with any frequency was John himself.
Finally feeling they were ready he started to thrust, shallow at first. They were both breathing heavily, almost in unison. John kept switching his perspective focusing on what he was feeling but then losing himself in Sherlock's ever changing features wondering what he was feeling as well. All that remained were small twinges, little disruptions to his features and soon they were gone once and for all. No more pain, no more resistance, just bliss.
"Ok, good. Now, I'm going to take a shower and get this out of my hair because it turns to glue if you don't. Want to join me? It's up to you, no pressure."
Skype session with Hanah were different but the same. She had the same demeanor, they had the same report they were just separated by hundreds of miles and sometimes, every now and then the sound went out. At the moment he was in their bedroom, laptop balanced on his thighs, door closed for privacy while Sherlock worked in the living room. His partner had interrogated him about the meeting with Mycroft but John had put him off well enough. And once he seemed convinced no harm had been done, no injury inflicted he'd embraced him. They spent a little time together in the quiet of the afternoon before John headed down the hall for his session.
And there it was. But strangely any satisfaction John thought he might get out of this moment; horror, guilt, anger to match his own, was nonexistent. It didn't feel good and he didn't feel better. As a matter of fact, he felt worse.
But, though I am indifferent to how he managed it I am not indifferent to the actions and sacrifices you had to undertake to see this through. I apologize for my uncharitable and childishly jealous thoughts about you. Thank you so much for saving our friend.
," He reiterated. "and because I trust both of you and your work, your word means more to me than a felon who may have upgraded from rapist to murderer. And because of what happened with Mary but-"
"That would spoil the fun. You're like a child on Christmas so I'll tell you the same thing I would tell Rosie. The faster you go to sleep the faster morning will arrive."
He was waiting for some ugly little internalized phobia to rear its head and he was just as prepared to beat it back. The mind was no different than the body. Things could fester inside without you even knowing it until one day something triggers something else and the next thing you know you're showing symptoms.
He lay there for a minute just breathing. Finally, he stood and turned on her faucet, cupping his hand under the flow of water to rinse his mouth.
"I will make sure our daughter knows who you are. She will know her mum. Thank you, Mary. For then, for now, for always. Goodbye."
"When I was presented with the gift of treatment I didn't want it. I wanted to finish what I had started. When I did accept it was grudgingly, angrily. And before I could be picked up to be brought here I found the nearest off license because there was no way I was going to enter rehab and not be pissed."
As I reached his cock he propped himself up on his elbows eager to see what I was going to do. Frankly so was I. I hadn't done this before, anywhere outside of fantasy, that is.
He had to suppress his gag reflex as he thought of a plate swimming with greasy sausage and bacon, watery beans and wobbly fried eggs. He'd have rather died right then and there than spend one more moment imagining her setting a fry up in front of him.
"No, she usually sleeps right through." he replied and as though he did it every day went about the quick work of changing Rosie's nappy.
Rising from his position on the floor he noticed Sherlock looking at him curiously but he offered no explanation for the kiss as he didn't have one. Instead, he balled the tissues up and tossed them in the bin and took his seat.
John hadn't been able to meet his eyes but now he did and was surprised by the layers of pain he saw on his best friends features.
Well, um, never really thought about it. I'm not allergic to them. I've been stung once or twice and it just hurt a little. Why do you ask?
The horror at that thought propelled John out of bed. He pulled on his pajama bottoms and hurried out of his room as fast as his limp would allow, making beeline to Sherlock's door.
"Say the word and she's yours." He answered quickly. It was an off the cuff comment that was 100% true. She sensed it and he noticed the frown pass over her face. "Kidding, you'd have to pry her away from me."
"It's a societal nicety. It doesn't mean that you actually forgive someone it means for the sake of things you're letting it pass."
Sherlock had an uncanny way of knowing when John was awake before John knew Sherlock was awake and it was something John was going to have to get used to.
met. He wouldn't not credit his rather amazing growth when it came to emotion. But still, John had kept them to a minimum until it was as if they'd dried up.
John opened his eyes and woke up...for real this time. Sherlock wasn't in bed with him and he wasn't preparing to give him a blowjob. He was, however, peering out at him from the bathroom, toothbrush in hand.
Had he been so long out of Sherlock's presence that his ability to pinpoint his moods? He didn't like that idea at all.
There were other times where that wave of depression seemed to rear up out of nowhere. He thought, at least, the meds were meant to keep him level. Not happy but certainly not dipping as far below the baseline as he imagined. But he awakened one morning feeling nothing but clouds surrounding him. A long walk, an enormous cup of coffee and lengthy discussion with Eric didn't break his mood, but it helped him understand it and little by little over the course of a day and a half he did his best to climb out of it.
Not to jump too far ahead of himself, but if he and Sherlock happened to return to Baker Street together and people assumed they were a couple, so be it.
"Yeah, that prick at the bank who was so mean to you. You said everyone at university was a lot like him. I assumed that's what this almost boyfriend was like too."
Finally back at work. Not our work. Can't do that without you. But back at the clinic for what it's worth.
"Can we maybe be...this. Mates, best friends and this? Can we?" He interspersed his questions with kisses, kisses which Sherlock returned.
"I didn't want to believe that I was a slave to chemicals, any chemicals. Not these," He said gesturing to the pills. "Not the booze. Not what goes on inside my own head. But I was and I am and I want to confront that now."
"Yes, but not in a dismissive way." Doctor Vikram pointed to his temple. "There is something in here unresolved. Perhaps a few things. And I know, it's cruel, that at a time when you may need release the most, your body is denying you, but I do think that's exactly what's going on. Now, while you get your head back on straight there is the option of prostate massage. As ED is, practically speaking, a lack of blood flow to the area, prostate massage will help to increase blood volume."
Sherlock agreed almost immediately and as before lay on the bed behind him. There was no longer any preamble, no talk of a "better angle this" or "easier on your spine" that.
This time it was his mate who gently tugged down his trousers. He'd honestly forgotten but he didn't regret it.
Greg moved away from Molly and stepped in front of him, physically blocking his path and by instinct, John squared off his shoulders.
And he didn’t, not for awhile, not for minutes on end. Not until he started chuckling gently against Sherlock's lips as he recalled something and then rushed to soothe him before his boyfriend got the wrong impression.
"Not exactly, I realize...I understand she's not there, she's not a ghost, she's a creation of my subconscious. But in the past, it has helped me. I mean everyone talks to themselves now and again, don't they?"
"Oh, darling..." She said and he watched as her eyes welled up. "It doesn't have to be. And if you didn't know when you were lying anymore you wouldn't be so miserable right now. There's still time. There's still time but it's running out. I think you need help."
Not my housekeeper. Never my housekeeper. But my friend, my dear, dear friend and I think I can also speak for Sherlock when I say a surrogate Mum. If that title doesn't chafe.
"Being here...is bringing up very complicated memories for me. Memories I didn't expect. No...no I don't want to tell my parents now. I just can't." Sherlock drew in and released a ragged breath. Something about the atmosphere here, the bedroom, the knowledge that his parents were present just a few rooms away, even what he was wearing to bed all combined to make Sherlock look very young, a little small and clearly very rattled.
There was Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Mike, Janine, and Molly. That was all, mercifully because John honestly wasn't sure he could handle more. Whether she should have been or not he was relieved his sister hadn't shown.
He wasn't sure why he was saying these things, doing these things. He didn't know where all this anger had come from but at the moment it seemed endless. Then again, if memory served, alcohol had always made him sad and mean.
They exited the room and made a quick stop in the loo to toss the bag, they take it out with the party rubbish soon, and wash their hands. This required an exchange of Rosie and after John was done it was his turn to hold her. She was heavier than he remembered, of course, but she smelled the same. John pressed his nose against her crown and inhaled, closing his eyes. God, it was wonderful and he desperately hoped she'd sleep a little longer so he wouldn't have to let her go.
I think this entire charade is bullshit but here we are, I was asked to write a letter to you so I will.
"Like a liquid orgasm. Like an extended liquid orgasm. Like pleasure dipped in honey; warm and lush and gooey and plowing through my veins. I feel back onto the bed and I moaned and I actually did orgasm with the needle still in my arm. I don't remember much after that. I know he took the needle from me and summoning up his courage which was a bit easier considering he was in the throes of envying me, he took a dose of his own. It was sex without sex. Peace without God. Joy without end. Except, of course, it did end. He was in such a pleasant mood when he came down that he stayed with me that night. We didn't have sex but we were close to one another, so close and happy and quiet and laughing and I thought, Well if this is life, I can do this. If this is love, I can manage. Perhaps I won't be so lost after all."
She was right, she had given him assignments here and there and despite his outward petulance, he did leave her office intending to do them. But once he sat himself down before the notebook, pen in hand...he just couldn't.
"John, I'm afraid this was more than just a few pills to get you to sleep after a few cavities. Your levels were...off the charts. They show what I imagine is a consistent use of hydrocodone. It's dangerous and shocking."
Sherlock made a small noise, a whimper that caused John to press a bit harder and in a teasing, testing way slip his tongue into his mouth. He felt his friend react with surprise but regroup quickly.
"Well, have you reached out and spoken to anyone else who attends or the meeting leader? This isn't uncommon. Have you been making the meetings at least? Even if you're not speaking or if you're feeling out of place."
"Um...successes...uh...well for this past week, coming out to family and friends. Making amends in person that I didn't get a chance to send by letter. Holding my daughter for awhile. Making it to meetings, albeit unconventionally. Flawlessly making breakfast for my boyfriend. Having my first day home and sober. And 7 more sober days after that. As for struggles; the meetings as we already talked about, the um...impotence, getting depressed about the longview, you know what do I do next, how do I do it? Goals, um, stay sober, obviously, get out of the house, maybe go to the shop, make plans with my sister and shoe horn myself into a meeting."
"Sherlock, I'm off." he called to him. They'd switched places once John had come out of the bathroom and he could hear the shower running.
Unlike the first time when he'd thought Sherlock was inviting him to bed, John had done his research. And considering what he'd learned in the interim he was horrified at how confident he'd been back then. It would have been a disaster.He'd studied the best positions, the best angles, the best lube, the best condoms. Academically, he felt pretty prepared but emotionally he was starting to waver. He wanted this desperately, wanted to be with him but it was going to hurt, and there was no way around it.
"Yeah, Reggie mentioned it in group. If this place is so secluded how exactly are people supposed to arrive?"
No, he wasn't going to last long at all. That warm pleasure was already building and circling, starting in his balls and then radiating outward. Joining that was the delicious ache which grew more and more pronounced with every thrust. Everything started to tingle and spark from his fingertips and toes to the base of his spine. Sweat was beading on his forehead and chest and his thighs rubbed slickly against Sherlock's. And Sherlock, a vision beneath his, a few stray curls pasted to his forehead by sweat, his cheeks flushed and pink, his breathing laboured, his lips pink, his neck painted with bright splotches where John had kissed and licked and nipped and bitten. They were moving in tandem now, working together, racing toward the same desperate finish.
"So, the consulting detective doesn't really ever plan on retiring...just changing location?" John laughed.
"It's...what?" John asked, taking the food off the burner to look over Sherlock's shoulder. There they were, big and bright as day if not a little blurry, on the front cover. Sherlock kneeling, John smiling. And smaller insets of them kissing and exiting the restaurant in a hurry.
They hadn't talked about his scars as his friend never wanted to. The man before him was quiet, soft-spoken, packing just as many words into a sentence as the sentence needed, no more, no less. The Duck he remembered from his teenage years had been a mouthy, chatty bastard. A funny, filthy, loyal, handsome lothario rarely without a bird on his arm or a clever comment on his lips. The Duck he'd served with, Major James Sholto, Sir, had been a similar man but tempered. The army had calmed him down but it hadn't dampened his spirits or the mischievous twinkle in his eye. He was different but the same. He had grown up, simply put and John had done his best to emulate him. He'd tried to grow up to. He'd wanted to find his way by following Duck as he'd done once before. This man sitting across from him though, was a third man and not at all like the first two.
"I'm not that guy, the one who gushes and goes overboard about how happy he is and how everything is rainbows and roses and how he wakes up every morning in delighted, grateful, disbelief at his fortune. I'm not going to be the guy who regales you with details about how sometimes he feels like pinching himself everytime he walks by just to know this is real. So, as I am absolutely not that guy I'm just going to sit back, steeple my fingers and say; Cool. Things are cool."
"Let's talk about it. I've got a few questions first. Can you get an erection at all?" He asked pen raised over a pad of paper ready to record his answer.
It was small. So small and yet it had done so much damage. Mary and the bullet. It had nearly killed him. He'd seen the chart. Tissue disruption, liver damage, exsanguination, asystole, hypovolaemia, cardiac arrest.
When it was over he lay there stock still. He couldn't look at him. Couldn't turn over. Was there something beyond mortified? His mates hands were no longer on him and he didn't even want to imagine what he was feeling or thinking.
"If you want to sever our romantic relationship I do wish you would say so. I don't want to be the cause of any more of your unhappiness."
The storm was starting to intensify something fierce and he only just heard the passengers quiet; "Thank you." as it was carried to him by a gust.
"I don't think so. To add a poorly chosen metaphor of my own, if you're wired for it, if you ever had it at all and drew pleasure from it, then it's part of your personal makeup. Kind of like restoring a computer to factory settings. I imagine it's still there. You just have to access it. Do you want to access it?"
He frowned and that frown only deepened as he scrolled down reading the subject line of message after message. This was why Sherlock had wanted to keep him away from their inbox. This is how he'd been protecting him. It all made sense.
This was greeted with laughter and smiles as he'd hoped. He was winging it. None of this was planned but it was flowing more smoothly than he could have imagined.
"Sherlock, you could always do this without me. But I thank you for letting me tag along all these years. Mycroft was right. How did he put it? 'Nothing more than a distraction; a little scrap of ordinariness for you to impress, to dazzle with your cleverness. You'll find another.' He was right, Sherlock. You'll find another."
"Hmm? Oh no, she's fine. She doesn't need a change I just wanted a chance for us to talk. Are you cross with me?" He watched as Sherlock pressed his lips together tightly, a telltale sign that he was worried and under stress.
"I thought long and hard about how to do this. You're actually a confusing sort. You enjoy attention, you enjoy being admired. And, as evidenced by the blog and the forthcoming book you don't take issue with some elements of your private life being public information. This is further backed up by the fact that AA meetings are public and you haven't shied away from having your issue with addiction mentioned in less than private spheres. Also, when it was your...when you were the one doing this you chose a restaurant which shows you weren't averse to drawing some focus for what was presumed to be a yes. And yet, somehow, I would still consider you to be a private person. Circling back, while I didn't want a repeat the mood exactly I did worry that were I to do it at home it would lack that special quality that people so often go on about. I thought about perhaps taking a trip, but then I was concerned that might telegraph it too soon and completely do away with the element of surprise. I wanted it to be a surprise. Ultimately, I settled upon here, where we had our first meal together, at the same table where we sat and spoke to one another as human beings. Where our paths might have changed course had we allowed it."
It was as close as John dared to get in this moment to asking him do you think they abused you, manipulated you, hurt you, put their needs always, always before your own.
"On paper, it is. You know that you love your daughter and you want to be in her life. You have accepted the fact that you have anger issues and unipolar depression. You understand the effect your troubled childhood had on your life and choices. You have intellectually, if not fully emotionally accepted the fact that you were not responsible for Mary's death. You have come to grips with your sexuality. You have admitted you love me and you don't have to worry about where I'll be when you get out. I'll be right by your side, in our home.
"That was exactly my line of thinking as well. Sherlock, would you be opposed to joining us? This is typically the time where we encourage family and friends to become more involved in their loved one's mental health struggles and their sobriety."
“Patience.” He said slowly removing his finger. He felt the expectation coming from John. He expected him to move behind him and move behind him he did. He expected to hear the opening of the lube bottle and feel the head of his cock press against his entrance.
It likely doesn't mean very much coming from me but, I'm proud of you. 20+ days in rehab is no small feat and I'm just glad that you decided to do this.
"That's what you came in here to ask? Unbelievable. Well, I'll tell you, after everything that's happened tonight I'm not certain you'd care."
"Mmmm, no, not necessary as it couldn't be more self-explanatory. Not to mention it's usually the first thing clients say. 'Mr. Holmes, you have to help me. It's a matter of life or death.' "
Hanging up with Mrs. Hudson he immediately pulled up Google Maps on his phone and typed in "off license". There was one not more than a block away. He walked there and bought two smallish bottles of Jack Daniels, slipped into an alleyway just behind the shop and took several, long satisfying gulps.
"Yes, your case. Seeing as you appear to be hell-bent on removing yourself from my life at the slightest hint of trouble, give me your arguments."
"Now you're going to get out of my way or I'm going to make certain the next bus that comes along will wind up with you under it."
"I thought about you every day. I thought about the time when I could come back to you, come back home. But I didn't allow myself to think about how what you'd seen might affect you. I purposefully didn't allow that. To hear what...what you go through...what I did...I'm so...sorry. I am so, so sorry, John Watson. I am sorry."
This was the new normal. They didn't talk about things. They didn't discuss them ad nauseam. They didn't acknowledge the quicksand beneath their feet.
John pulled his attention away for a few moments and created the Twitter account as requested. Within seconds he had located and followed Sherlock, who immediately followed back. That brought the number of people Sherlock was following on Twitter to a grand total of 1.
"I can assure you this isn't an ambush, John. It will only be attended by a few friends all with the best of intentions. I'd be feeling the same way were it me. But we'll grin and bear it together and know they mean well no matter what they might say."
"Give me your hand," Sherlock said quietly and John did. The ring as it was slipped on felt cool around his finger. Of course, it fit perfectly, Sherlock would have it no other way.
"Mmhmm.." He said licking the salty sweat from his neck while Sherlock shivered. "It's called orgasm denial or just edging."
"I would imagine so. So, how is life on the outside?" He said with a raise of his brows. Mycroft hadn't ordered, neither of them had and yet not ten minutes after they arrived there was food before him. A standing order, perhaps? John had no idea, but he knew châteaubriand when he saw it. His glass was filled with mineral water. He moved the sauteed vegetables around his plate before speaking.
We went through months of sometimes silence. Angry, furious cohabitation, seething public appearances and OB GYN visits and Lamaze classes. Screaming, brutal fights. Fights where we both said truly awful things to one another. Biting, horrible things, things you can't ever take back or un-hear. Vicious and chilly carpooling to work. She slept in the bed and I slept on the sofa and we lived our lives together and apart. I would attack, she would defend and round and round we'd go. I was mean, Hanah. I was self-righteous and cruel. I wasn't just angry with her, I was angry with Sherlock too because from day one he was trying to push us back together. Mr. I-Don't-Do-Emotion, which certainly by then I knew was bullshit, was constantly on me to mend things with her. Talking about love and fidelity and what matters. It was subtle, mind you, no grand soliloquies, but it was there. This is while he was healing from the bullet she put in him. While he was wincing in pain. While he was pale and sick and struggling to get through his day. And while Mary was at work or home tired and sore and frightened and trying to get through hers.
"Now, lie back and raise up. I again did as he asked. I was taking a lot of orders tonight and I didn't mind it at all.
"I could turn in. What about you? Want to call it a night?" He asked. They were already tucked in the large and foreign yet comfortable bed. One bedside lamp on John's side illuminated the otherwise darkened room.
It was a petty thing to do. Petty and small. But he was feeling small. He was willing to go along with any ruse, anything at all but he at least deserved an explanation. If Sherlock wanted or needed to freeze his parents out of this part of his life, John could deal with that. But a sudden 180 left him frozen out too. And
"No, sweetheart, this is just for you." John replied. "Plus, I just enjoy watching you. You have the most expressive face, Sherlock. You're so gorgeous and open and beautiful. No, don't stop now. Keep going, darling."
"Things were actually going well. I'd was settling in at my job, Rosie had stayed with us and that had been wonderful and we were about to go meet Sherlock's parents."
"Glad you're here, mate. I'm tired of stories of people falling out of their limos or forgetting to put their knickers on and showing up at Cannes with fresh powder under their noses."
"No one says you have to, you just have to do it." Hanah replied with her no-nonsense smile. "I want to switch gears a bit because there's something that's been concerning me."
"You as well. Thanks for coming today. I'm the chairman of this group. We're pretty relaxed and informal here. So just make yourself at home. No one is forced to talk if they don't want to, we won't even have you introduce yourself until you're ready. All we ask is that you just listen. And we hope something you hear today helps."
"I am so grateful for all my mental preparations and exercises in the years." He said, that baritone sending shivers down John's spine.
Duck concluded by sitting up in his chair ramrod straight. He was never more secure than when carrying out or explaining duty. John had always loved that actually. He was secure in his choices and his actions. All those years ago, after leaving the chaos of his father and that household, that security had been just what he'd craved and been so incredibly attracted to.
Finally, being a silly American I naturally assumed that Vicodin was available in the UK like it is here. You know, like candy. Apparently, that's incorrect. Really incorrect. It's listed as a Class A drug over there and depending on what I read it's impossible to get legally, or
Sherlock touched that spot again and he would have liked to have thought it might hurt less but it didn't. At least not at first. His mates fingers were strong and unrelenting. He should have known. Agreeing to let Sherlock do anything meant you'd receive 100% whether you wanted it or not.
"I can give you a ride." Greg offered and his voice sounded strangled and frankly like he'd rather do anything but.
It was always late, very late, typically around 1 or 2 am but Sherlock always sounded wide awake and John, though piss drunk was always coherent enough in the beginning.
women or at least he had in the past. He'd apparently had a minimum of 46 lovers for crying out loud.
"I know what you thought. And it proves that even great minds like yours can be wrong now and again, Doctor John Watson." He drew me in for a kiss and I went eagerly and willingly. "Oh, and lest you think it went unnoticed during last night's orgasm, I love you as well."
But by the 19th they'd solved it and were sitting at the flat nursing bruises but no worse for wear. All in all, a job well done.
She would ask him to talk about a particularly traumatizing event in Afghanistan. He would have to put himself there, all over again. Feel it, hear it, smell it. She talked him through it, confronting his thoughts, his fears, helping him rearrange his ideas and always, always reminding him that where he was right now was safe. No matter how real things seemed when he closed his eyes, no matter how fast his pulse, it was over and it was time to put these awful memories to bed once and for all.
"It's usually Mycroft and I. We usually...split our duty with them. It will be difficult and odd to handle them by myself." He said gripping the steering wheel.
Sherlock turned to him as they walked and John could read his gaze without seeing it. It was the honesty that was taking the detective off guard. It gave John both a surge of pride and shame, pride that his friend had noticed and shame that it was rare enough to be worthy of note.
"Funny thing that. We won't have to worry about it anymore. I got sacked." He made a dismissive gesture with his hand and ended things with a shrug.
"I forgot them when I went to shower. Forgot everything except this." He said motioning to the dressing gown. "I'm going to run up to my room and change and then we can eat, maybe watch a bit of telly."
"Though sex counseling is not my field I have an exercise that I want you both to do. I want you to choose a night and I want it understood that this is a night of connection. Have either of you heard of sensate focusing?"
He was open to him now, relaxed and seemingly ready and though John hated to break the mood it appeared as though it was time. He slowly removed his fingers earning a little sound of frustration from Sherlock before he grasped what was next. John bridged his body over him before remembering the condoms and sitting up to reach for them.
"This is um...my first time here and, well, what you're saying really, really lands with me. My therapist says that I have anger issues and I recently got into a fight with my partner about money."
Doing his best to feign sleepiness, John groaned happily and reaching behind him grabbed Sherlock's arm and pulled it tight across his body.
"You know about the Red Forest, right?" He asked as he turned to face her. "You know, it's just this stupid metaphor my mind latched onto."
He stood and stared at the grave for a moment. The polished black granite stone. So pristine. So reflective that just beyond the letters "SHERLOCK HOLMES" he could always see himself. Always see the slump of his shoulders. Always knew that had he looked it would have mirrored back his broken figured as he cried and pleaded and begged for this to all end.
"It's alright, John, this is Frank and he's just going to give you a pat down, inspect your pockets, that sort of thing. It's standard procedure. If your bags hadn't already been shipped we'd have done that too. But it's all taken care of. If you'll just step towards Frank.
"Oh...I...right. Of course, right." I was devastated and then further devastated by how devastated I was. I hadn't bothered to get dressed. I'd been walking about our flat naked and rather confidently at that. But now I felt ashamed to be so exposed in front of him.
He stared at the number and refreshed the page to make sure it wasn't a mistake. When Sherlock returned to the table he showed him the screen.
stopped his train of thought. When John truly looked the flat was surprisingly different. The endless packages of plastic utensils sealed in more plastic are gone. John opened a drawer and saw they had been replaced by silverware. Actual silverware. Heavy as shit and lovely to boot. Sherlock must have gotten them from his mum. The takeaway containers that littered the counter and essentially every free space in the flat were gone. He opened the fridge and freezer to discover them scoured clean. There were actual, proper containers now, stacked neatly on shelves. The sink was empty and gleaming. The table top while still a shade cluttered with his experiments and equipment had clearly been wiped down.
John made his way into the kitchen and picked up the candle from the table before heading to the bedroom. Sherlock had turned on the bedside lamp but for the most part was searching, rather violently, in the dark. John imagined he really just wanted something to do.
"John..." Sherlock began and there was no mistaking that tone. Sherlock thought he was going to deny it, deny it ever happened. It was just this side of heartbroken. He didn't think for a moment it had been something romantic to his friend, that would be silly. Sherlock didn't do romance. But it had been a moment, an important and private moment between them and it meant something, even if John still didn't understand his impetus.
I wanted him here and there and everywhere but he wasn't staying in one place long enough for my liking. When he started to move lower down my body I wanted it but I begged off.
"There are very strict rules regarding the paparazzi in London as you can well imagine given certain past events, one in particular. Still, though strict they are rarely enforced as strongly as they should be. Haven't you found it odd that there has been a decided lack of photographers around Baker Street clamoring for a picture of you?"
Am I to find your crying/sad face emoji's accompanied by reaction gifs from your favorite TV shows comforting? I don't. Please refrain.
"Cup your balls, Sherlock. Give them some attention." He commanded and his boyfriend immediately did as he was told. Slipping his other hand into his pants to massage his bollocks.
"I think highly of John." His friend replied, ignoring him. "To have his good opinion and to maintain it is no small feat."
He wasn't good for people. That was almost certain. He'd known it last year but in a far more murky way. This felt so much clearer. This left no room for doubt. There was nothing he would do if he lingered except hurt Sherlock and Rosie as well. Knowing that and knowing it without question made it so much easier for him to go.
That was the start of the case of the jumper who didn't jump which took them from London to Leeds and finally to Snowdonia National Park in Wales. All of this culminating in a dramatic confrontation at Dolbadarn Castle that John would likely write about some day.
"Sorry for making you have to escape in your own home. But what about you...if work were to allow it, would you want to date? You did a pretty good job of fake-dating Janine."
"Those things? Those things like how I love to graze my teeth across your neck? Those things like how it drives me half mad when you wear that purple shirt? Things like how I love to kiss down your chest to your belly? Or...no, do mean those things like how I love your hard, thick cock? Those things like I love having my hand on it? Those things like how I can't wait to taste you? Those things like how I can't wait to be inside of you?"
"Accept the identity of being someone who's not straight? Accept the identity of someone who is bisexual? Yes, you do. Yes to all of it. I know, this is a crash course. And it's unfair. But this holding pattern you've been existing in, in so many different ways has been negatively affecting your life for decades. "
"You know," Sherlock began carefully, though as it turned out not carefully enough. "You don't need a job, John. As I told you I can take care of you and Rosie as well."
Alright, I do know why but it's not important. The important thing is that I didn't really have a mum growing up. She died and it was just me and my sister, kind of on our own. I never got tucked in at night or fretted over the way only a mother can do. The way I imagine Mary would have been with Rosie. The way she
It wasn't until later, back at Mrs. Hudson's flat, his cheek resting on the cold porcelain of the toilet seat that he realized how naive he'd been.
When it was over he ran his hand over his freshly buzzed scalp. The hair that remained, as he hadn't wanted to go completely bald, felt fuzzy, soft. He could feel the surrounding air hitting his scalp. This was going to take getting used to but as he smiled at his reflection he realized he didn't regret it.
"Alright. I want you to tell me about when these flashbacks occur. What brings you back to the point of Sherlock's fall?"
John felt a sharp twinge as he thought of his other friend named James, dead and gone and having left a brokenhearted spouse behind. Broken and lost.
"Rest. Maybe hold off on talking to Sherlock about this until you've had more than 2 consecutive hours of sleep."
"Because...when I had my R&R I freaked out. I didn't know what to do with myself. Two weeks, alone with my thoughts. Nothing to do, nothing expected of me but to just sit. I didn't have any family I missed. Lucy and I had split up already. I actually asked to forgo it but that was against regs. They put me on a flight back to the UK, I spent the next 14 days drinking and whoring myself around and just being your average cockwand until it was time to go back. Even when I felt good I felt awful. I didn't want to be that guy."
"When I left for those two years I had to leave everything behind, my home, my reputation, my connections...you. I had to abandon what I previously had and who I was. I was largely anonymous, unseen, hidden, quiet. And when it was time to return I needed to leave that man behind me as well. I knew I couldn't come back to London the same as when I had left. I had to be a new man, a different man with different habits and understandings. I had to be more careful, more conscious, more aware, more worthy. I had to rebuild. And when Rosamund, who you and I knew as Mary, left her life behind, scrapped her past she had to become someone new as well. For her safety, yes, but also for her sanity. You cannot traverse this planet and carry every piece of baggage you acquire. You must, at some point, either integrate it within yourself or set it down. As a child, my father taught me that in chemistry dissolution was the process by which a solute passes into a solution. Table salt dissolves in water to form a saline solution. A dead plant or animal decomposes and its chemical constituents are released into the biosphere, which I believe is precisely what
"No, ok...there is, was something I wanted to ask. But I think I know the answer. Alright, I was trying to save face and maybe exit this conversation with a little, admittedly undeserved dignity."
Those things that Mycroft said. I believe them half the time, you know. More than half lately. Insignificant scrap of nothing. Just someone for you to dazzle. You can find another one.
Along the way they stopped at a honey stand. Just, what was to John, a surprising wooden structure there on the side of the road with no one else in sight.
John pressed his lips together tightly, swallowing hard. His emotions had been swirling darkly since this session had begun. But with Sherlock words, there was a burst of light.
In came Harry, loaded down with two, colorful canvas bags like Mary used to carry in those early days when the two of them and Rosie ventured out. Behind her was Clara with bags of her own on both shoulders as both her hands were full. A stroller was held awkwardly under one arm...and his daughter was in the other.
"John, let me ask you something," Hanah said, again trying to calm things down. "When you're in bed together who usually takes the lead?"
John thought back to the old Tod Browning horror film from the 30's, and the chant the characters break into "We accept her! We accept her! Gooble-Gobble-Gooble-Gobble we accept her! One of us! One of us!"- started playing in his mind.
But the anger quickly faded as John started to wonder was he being somehow unreceptive? Had he made Sherlock feel he didn't want to know? Had he implied if one of them was busted then the other should be as well?
Work was busy and he was grateful. He'd always rather a day where he was rushed off his feet as opposed to one that dragged. He chose a yogurt cup for lunch and kept up on the pill schedule and the combination did go a long way in making everything slightly more bearable. By the time the workday ended he was exhausted but had the throbbing somewhat under control. That being said, he could see now why this was usually stretched over more than a single appointment.
"Your life? Like day-to-day. Tell me about you. I feel like maybe I don't know and I think that's wrong. I want to be a decent friend. So, tell me. "
"But I've been reading the post-rehab literature. I created a schedule pretty close to the one I follow here so that things won't be disrupted. Sherlock was kind enough to make a very detailed chart for me of local AA meetings, so I'm all set there. I know where I'll be living and who I'll be living with and I know his sobriety status." He said looking at Sherlock with a smile. "I think I'm prepared, as prepared as I can be. I think I feel fairly confident that I can manage this. But it's easy to be confident here when reaching the nearest pub would require a sherpa."
He nodded his head to signal the conclusion of that part and they broke into soft but enthusiastic applause. Rosie sighed against his chest but otherwise seemed completely unbothered.
She's brilliant and funny and clever. I find myself looking for her in a crowd when she's not by my side. I text her. I call her when we're apart. I love her.
John stayed where he was, an exhausted, sated mess. "That was lovely, Sherlock, my God, that was absolutely beautiful."
"OK.." he sighed heavily. He was holding a tall disposable cup, filled with tea between his hands. It was warm, hot if he held it too long in one place. He concentrated on that and not the road that lay ahead. "Just, Sherlock, don't interrupt me, ok? Just, let me get through it all in one go."
"Anyway, he wanted me to make sure that if something ever happened to him people knew that his sobriety was intact."
"Very good, John. It was, as expected a busy week and I think you did swimmingly. I just want to caution you that not every week will be bursting with successes. There are going to difficult ones ahead. Weeks where you struggle to find anything you feel that you didn't fuck up. Weeks where the biggest success you can come up with is getting out of bed or hovering in the doorway of a pub or window shopping down a liquor aisle and not going in and not buying anything. But you're just going to have to dig harder and realize their merit. Find and claim those successes. And you're going to think they're small and paltry and meaningless. But one of the goals of sobriety and aftercare and rehab and 12 Steps and therapy is that there are no little successes. Got it?"
It was all going to be over soon, too soon for his taste but that didn't mean he wasn't looking forward to coming in Sherlock's mouth. It was only polite to give him a bit of warning and John did so by reaching forward, tugging on those curls and voicing a soft; "Sweetheart, I'm..."
"It's also finished. Perfect if she wants to take a nap." Sherlock beamed and leaned in for a kiss before pausing midway. "Would a kiss hurt your tooth?"
I still don’t know the whole story but I have my theories. Duck wouldn’t tell, still trying to protect me I suppose. Anyway, I let our boss know what had happened. He was livid but more so at the blokes who had attacked us and the breach of some underworld etiquette. He asked to talk to Duck. Their conversation was mostly just him saying “Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh-huh.”
The house was dead silent, just the sound of his breathing, steady and even. It was strange when you really became aware of all the background noise, the humming of lights and appliances and dripping faucets and running toilets, all the stuff that was accepted as part of living in a space. And when all that was cut off and cut away it was shocking how quiet it was.
"Have I looked or acted unhappy. Also, I have been working cases, several as a matter of fact. I've been taking on the ones that I typically ignore, the easy ones, the ones I can solve from my chair."
“I guess it made me feel more normal. We weren’t a gang or anything but it did help once people started associating me with that group. I think maybe I felt safe? Even though I didn’t really think of myself as having been unsafe before.”
-out. They didn't hold hands walking down the street, they didn't normally kiss in public. For no other reason than that they were both private men. But that didn't mean that they ever drew back from affectionate touch when the situation called for it. The press had picked up on it, speculating here and there but thankfully there were bigger stories. That didn't mean their Twitter accounts weren't full of questions and innuendos.
"My best friend...what I did, trying to kill myself it got a lot of publicity. His business, which I used to share with him, I suppose for lack of a better phrase, might suffer. The least I owed to him was to try and right what I'd done wrong. I took responsibility for my actions and made it clear that we no longer worked together and that what I did had nothing to do with him."
"Please." He said and the plaintive tone made John close his eyes and rub his arm fiercely trying to banish away the tingling sensation.
"Alright then. I like what I'm hearing. So, because we're meeting less often and because I can't take stock of you in person, I'd like to end things with you talking a bit. First tell me your successes, then your struggles, then your goals. Go."
"Like him, I became like him. Faulty. Deeply, deeply faulty and flawed. Useless. Alright, so you're saying one of my problems is that I put these unrealistic expectations on people. I put them in a narrow box and punish them when they don't behave?"
," He said spitting out the next word. "Would be upsetting. I assume you'll want to stay nearer to home for the time being."
"There was a light in Sherlock's eyes when he was a boy. He was brilliant, of course but he straddled the line that...that I never mastered. He had friends, he was liked, he was funny, silly. He spent nearly every waking moment with Victor Trevor and he was as much a fixture in our house as if he were a Holmes himself." Mycroft became wistful just for a moment, a look that somehow managed not to appear out of place on his features. "He was a nice little boy. When Eurus...murdered him that light left Sherlock's eyes. He folded in on himself, collapsed like a star."
Christ Almighty but he was lovely. The morning light shining through the window hitting him just so. A good nights sleep having revitalized him into looking even younger than normal. Almost as young as when they first met when John had described him in his blog as looking about 12.
"When we met at Baker Street for you to look it over and decide. I tried to clean up so it would be presentable. Spent hours at it."
"Am I meant to just watch you die?" Sherlock asked one night and it was one of the rare times John heard anger during their talks.
"Because I disappear down a bottle and he vanishes down a syringe and if I drove him to that...if I hurt my best friend, I will never forgive myself. I will...be crushed under the weight of that."
"Sherlock, look at you." Harry said affectionately and then, to John's surprise but apparently not Sherlock's, she reached out and touched his cheek. "You're practically glowing. I knew you'd get your color back once he returned. You look about ten years younger. But then John did say in his blog post that you looked like a 12 year old."
With a few keystrokes of his own John unlocked his Twitter account. Moments later he had 25,000 followers, all the people who queued up to be approved suddenly there.
"Hello, John. Molly, Lestrade, what on earth would make you interrupt your third date to visit us. You were clearly on your way back to Molly's flat, even made a stop to get condoms."
John searched his mind and his heart. He took a deep breath and he looked for anything within that told him this was a bad idea. Any nagging worry that might hold him back. Any reason not to take this step. Any reason to give any other answer except yes.
"I don't know. I just know that somehow she felt he factored into our split. Anyway, she helped me stand up on my feet and Mary helped me the rest of the way. I suppose I've always had people propping me up."
"Research." He said as though answering my thoughts and I wondered for the millionth time since we met were my features so transparent that he could read my mind? "I look into things I want to pursue and I strive for no less than perfection my first time out. Well..perfection and of course your pleasure and safety which this should ensure. I would never want to injure you, John."
He still worried about being quite so open and honest with Sherlock. It wasn't their nature. It wasn't how they operated. Or rather it hadn't been. In the past, he approached Sherlock with less armor than anyone else but still there was always a barrier between his best friend and his heart. But he was now laid so bare, so frighteningly open and he wasn't sure how to regather the pieces of his shattered battle gear together again. It was terrifying.
"I'm not giving you a handjob. You're giving you a handjob." He said removing his palm and placing Sherlock's own there in its place.
Sherlock's anger it seemed had cooled in that moment as well and he slowly got up, crossed the distance between them and sank to his knees between John's legs. They embraced each other in what seemed like the same moment.
With Rosie in his arms, Sherlock approached and slid his hand down his back and then around John's waist.
"Look, I don't go in for everything they spew at us in here. I'm no holy roller. That said there's a lot of common sense advice about honesty and shit that does make sense. So I figure if you don't know you should fucking ask."
"Mike, what is it?" He asked quietly as he pulled his friend aside. It was unusual to see him upset, it just wasn't his nature and John wondered if there was something else going on.
I woke up angry. I went to group angry. I went to therapy angry. I said something short-tempered and cheeky and wound up on kitchen duty which only made me angrier.
"I just want the absolute best for her. She's brilliant, she's lovely and clever and quick, she makes me laugh, she makes me think. She has all your best qualities. She's this complicated little amalgamation of Mary and you. She deserves the best."
"I'm fine. But all the more reason to get me an account. That way the messages will get funneled to me and the real cases should get to you. I'm also going to come off private on Twitter. Might as well give them multiple targets for their vitriol."
Bending over he kissed Sherlock, lustily, putting a hand to the back of his head and giving his curls a gentle tug. He'd learned that Sherlock liked the tug. Nothing rougher than that or the odd teasing spank to his firm arse as he passed him in the kitchen. But it was just enough to thrill them both.
And he did, his voice cracked on what turned out to be his final moan and John both watched and felt him as he humped the bed through his orgasm. Sherlock reached a hand up and locked a death grip on the top of his headboard knuckles going white.
"Yeah, we need eggs and a few other things from the shop. I assume I'll be handling that as well." John teased.
He didn't want to tell her about the forest. He couldn't put his finger on why but somehow it just felt incredibly private.
Greg nudged past him and John heard the customer service smile in his voice as he addressed the chemist.
He was sweating, breathing heavily and his chest hurt a bit, from anxiety or anger he wasn't sure but he slid down the nearby wall and drew his knees up to his body. Waiting.
Sherlock called his name, low and lusty and the next thing he knew his boyfriend's hand was in his hair. Ah, then he'd liked it. John continued kissing and licking his abdomen feeling Sherlock's muscles tighten underneath his tongue. His hand was a sticky mess but he didn't want this to stop, didn't want it to end so again he wrapped it around Sherlock's flagging erection.
Then, when that didn't happen, he'd start searching and searching for Sherlock always lead to finding. By the time he set off John would need to be gone, one way or another. But even if he vanished to another country or all the way to the States it wouldn't take long for Sherlock to find him so any escape was temporary.
I entered his bedroom wearing only my pants. He was sitting up in bed looking anxious, expectant and handsome. Yes, so handsome. His hair was an unruly mass of curls, his scruff, which was bafflingly ginger was such a departure from his usually clean-shaven fare.
They'd decided to settle on the sofa, pulling the tv in front of them as they ate. Barefoot and comfortable they were each wearing robes and t-shirts and track pants. Both quiet and at ease in one another's company. Every 20-30 minutes John would blink and again be amazed that he was home and safe and loved.
Putting their bags just out of the way they four seated themselves at the pleasantly cluttered kitchen table. Mrs. Holmes immediately launched into a story, gossip it seemed, about many of the things Sherlock had missed since his last visit.
John had decided this was to be the day of killing multiple birds with one stone. Going to see the doctor had drained some of his courage reserves and he was about to do it again.
"Hmm...?" He was focusing on his boyfriends slightly swollen pink bottom lip, and thinking about how he wanted to continue sucking on it. "Oh yes, I am."
It had started and ended with sex. They had gotten so screwed up again...somehow. He wasn't even certain what had happened. But he suspected it stemmed from that one comment. That he thought everything could be solved by an orgasm. It had stung and it kept on stinging long after they got home and when he didn't want to think about it he had another pill to quell the rising emotions.
"John," Hanah said quietly. "To me, direct this to me, not to him. Not just yet. This is you and me, like always."
"The sex? You thought I was saying that sleeping with you was a mistake to never be repeated." He smiled. "Oh John, what a pleasant, undistracted mind you must have to-"
She saw the look on my face and said;" John, I'm just kidding. He's your bezzie mate. You spend time with him, you work with him. I get it. I just got a bit jealous. No reason to get cross."
"Johnlock. It's trending on Twitter and there are a great many messages referencing it in our inbox."
"What happened with Mary? Oh, do you mean when she was murdered? Do you mean when you stood there and let a mad old bitch aim a gun at Sherlock and then shoot Mary in the chest without doing anything about it? Everyone always talks about "what happened" well, let me tell you what happened.
"It's alright, the mind palace isn't just about solving crimes. It can also just be a place to escape."
"Ok, um...ok..." He did try. He thought back to those mornings, nearly every morning if you took into account his entire lifespan, waking up with that how-do-you-do. Sometimes he could translate it into a morning wank. But sometimes, it just went away on its own. Come to think of it, he did remember it feeling different. It could be worked into something sexier but mostly it was just perfunctory. A dry run rather than the real show, the opening night. It was something to be dealt with, overcome or ignored.
may be bored or get bored. You like puzzles, you like games. You’ve essentially unlocked every riddle of my body.”
But it went on and on and on, multiple nights a week, for weeks on end, the same scenario. Never in his life had he imagined that a hands-free orgasm was possible but he was becoming a champ. Never once did he, or to the best of his knowledge Sherlock, touch themselves. That would be too on the nose, too close to admitting what they were doing and how they had no intention of stopping.
taken time. Over the 7 years they had known each other he had seen Sherlock grow from a brilliant but detached (though not nearly as detached as he pretended) and regressed individual to a brilliant, caring well-rounded man. A man who had friends, family and for all intents and purposes a daughter, a man who while still fiercely attached to his work and still pinning a great deal of his identity to it, never called himself a high-functioning sociopath anymore because the label didn't fit, it never did. And pertaining to this current situation, a man who was willing to be vulnerable in a way John knew terrified him. Sherlock was willing to embark on a mystery he'd always avoided; a relationship.
The cottage was in both their names, as was Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson having willed "her boys" the latter. Trying to picture living in either place without Sherlock made him feel physically, heartbrokenly ill.
The bed was soft, sturdy but squeaky in a comical way so that which each thrust it whined beneath them.
"I don't like to get ahead of myself but I think this needs to be said. If you're serious about giving up custody of your daughter which is a hasty decision initiated at the height of your addiction that I strongly advise against but if you're serious, you can. If you want to sell your home, you can. If you want to leave London, leave everything you know and start again somewhere else, healthy and clean and sober and hopeful, you can do that. It is absolutely in your power to make that happen once you leave here."
Sherlock flopped back down and closed his eyes before edging his body over to allow John more space.
The truth of that make John's stomach sink and he frowned and opened his eyes. Why was it only just occurring to him now?
"You should get home. He misses you." "Mary" said finally. It was growing darker outside but he could still see her in the gloaming.
He kept moving his hands, relishing the feeling when Sherlock flexed or twitched or moaned beneath him. This was fantasy atop fantasy and he hoped like hell it was real and not just in his imagination this was even occurring.
I had a choice. I always had a choice. I could have left. I could have walked out of that house and sued for divorce and custody and never looked back. And I would have won because once anyone started peering into her past everything would, of course, fall apart. I could have left her broken, childless, penniless and homeless. I could have ripped apart her world with my bare hands. I will tell you this and I know it for a fact sometimes living is far crueler than dying and I could have done tenfold to her what she nearly did to Sherlock.
He was thrusting harder, deeper but not faster, somehow knowing that was exactly what I wanted and needed. Maybe he needed it too. I was hard beneath him and he was hard inside me and I was looking into his eyes and he was calling my name this was such perfection I couldn't understand, in this moment, why either of had ever denied ourselves.
"So good." He practically purred and John chuckled. "But..." He began his hands starting on his back then moving slowly down to his arse. "It could be better."
"You know we've talked about a lot of not so good things in here and I would never have guessed that masturbation was where I so desperately wanted to draw the line but here we are."
"It was a bad heart valve. Those things happen rather quickly so I don't believe he suffered." Sherlock nodded but didn't say anything. "At least I hope he didn't."
"I don't think you're a prude. I think you're private, like me. But I also don't think you've been in a relationship before and it's always a good idea to lay down boundaries and ground rules."
Without intending to he got lost down the rabbit hole of these books. Some of them sounded like nonsense but some...some hit a little too close to home. Perhaps he should have found it comforting but he didn't. These, after all, weren't books written by fire and brimstone types. These were written by advocates, health professionals, people with real knowledge and experience, people in the community. It should have made him feel better. But it didn't.
"You think you're ready for combat. They train you and they tell you you're ready because they have to, that's part of the job.
"Shhh." He said quickly as he felt the blood rushing through his friend's veins. "It's faster than I'd like." Cupping his face he gently tugged downward at the skin below his eyes. "Look up for me. Good, thank you. Dry with bloodshot sclera." He placed his fingertips lightly on each side of Sherlock's neck, just under his jaw. "Your glands are a little swollen. Is that tender?"
"Well, while it could be a rental property I noticed there aren't any pictures on the wall. Nothing stuck to the refrigerator, you know, directions, phone numbers, that sort of thing. No grooves in the floor, nothing well worn, not even an indentation in the sofa.  But on the other hand, it doesn't feel sterile. I mean, there are things in here that were chosen with love and care, you can tell. This stuff isn't all new. Someone didn't just pop down to Harrod's and decide to have all this shipped in. I don't know...it's like it belonged to someone and they loved it and lived here but...it was a long time ago."
"Mother, Father, I should have said something earlier and I regret that I didn't. John and I are together. We're dating. I never should have agreed to separate bedrooms. We certainly don't sleep apart at home. We share a life. And a bed. And we don't just sleep in it either-"
"Thank you and of course I forgive you." John said with a smile that Sherlock returned. Some of the uneasiness and tension seemed to leave the room and John took a deep breath to steady himself.
In a second his thoughts took him back at Angelo's. The small table by the window, Sherlock opposite him.
"You know...I mean, it would be so much more convenient for you to move your clothes and such into our bedroom. You have to dash up the stairs every day for clothes and underwear and socks."
For now, she was content to just sit in John's lap clutching Bumbly before she grew bored of that and wanted to sit with Sherlock.
We started kissing again, more passionately. I was hard and had been almost since we'd come in from the living room. Raising up a bit I removed my pants and we were finally cock to cock. He started to grind against me as we kissed. I wanted to see him, stroke him, taste him but I was getting close to coming again.
Whoever worked the kitchen at Angelo's was notoriously heavy on the garlic. It didn't matter what dish you ordered it was going to come with the flavor that each mouthful had a full clove. For some reason, they were both still fond of it though. John had always made sure not to have any if he had a date that night...or frankly the next day as the scent did linger in the pores. Sherlock, well his metabolism didn't seem disturbed by anything and while he would comment that he tasted it, it never seemed to disturb his chemistry or his breath.
They scribbled for awhile. John writing down his initial struggles but mostly the page was filled with good feelings. They finished around the same time and set their work aside.
"We'll, of course, have to wait for some of the bloodwork to come back but I have to say, Dr. Watson, you are a man in excellent health."
John reached out and placed his hand on the wound. It was smooth now, well healed, with that familiar shine of scarred flesh, damage fading into memory.
"Mama!" She called out reaching her arms toward Harry. That was the first time John had heard that. It was the first time he was ever confronted with the truth that his daughter would call someone else other than Mary by that name. The depth of sadness it prodded inside him was a surprise. But he was glad. He was. Mary was gone and Harry and Clara had stepped up when he couldn't and wouldn't. They were Mama and what, likely Mummy, he supposed?
"I mentioned we'd circle back around it this and I think now is the time. I'm going to state quite plainly that I think you're deteriorating, John. I think you're actively using something, likely a opioid of some sort. For some people, it makes them sleepy but it's having a stimulant effect on you. That can happen, everyone is different. So what is it? Oxycontin? Percocet? Percodan? Vicodin? Demerol? You can't get through one session with me without scratching furiously and demonstrate the obvious signs of acute urticaria. You've lost weight, you're not sleeping, you're agitated and anxious and short tempered. You need to be back in treatment immediately and you need to be downing something that can actually help you."
"I said something very wrong, unintentionally wrong to someone I very much cared about and loved, once. I told them the problem of their past were their business, but the problems of their future were my honor. I'm not going to make the same mistake again.
The younger man obeyed and they settled again into soft, easy kisses as John worked first one, then two and finally three fingers inside him. He wasn't as tight as he'd been earlier in the evening but John could think of no reason not to be slow and purposeful. First, he didn't want to rush this moment. He'd waited so long. They both had and it deserved to be savoured. Second, Sherlock was too impetuous and too eager and when he inevitably tried to rush things, as John knew he would, he wanted to lessen the likelihood he'd injure himself. Not to mention it was so much fun, those desperate moans from both of them, glancing against Sherlock's prostate, feeling him buck and twist and frot against him. Feeling those tight muscles of his arse loosen just enough for what John had planned.
When he was a boy, living in that house with his sister and their terrible father there had been this leak in the living room. Right in the corner was this brownish spot. It was coming from one of the pipes that ran to the tub and his father, who wasn't in the least bit handy was forced to "mend" it every now and then. Mending it basically involved banging on the pipe for a bit and then wrapping it with plumbers tape. But of course, the leak always came back. There was no set schedule, no way to predict it. It was just one day you realized that that dry brown spot looked more vibrant because it wasn't dry anymore, it was wet. Really wet. And on top of that, the spot looked bigger. And on top of that, the arm of the chair that sat below the spot was damp because it had been leaking tap-tap-tap right down onto it. And you realized you'd heard the tap-tap-tap for awhile but you'd ignored it. And now you worried just how much unseen damage it had done and how much longer you could have ignored it and whether it's too late and everything you knew is going to cave in on top of you. Or...whether it can be passably patched and jury-rigged and you could go on pretending there was no longer a problem. For awhile, at least.
"I don't find it tedious. I find it necessary. John, you know I'm not opposed to you having Sherlock join us. I think it would be good for the two of you. You need one-on-ones to be sure. But you would both benefit from sitting down as a couple and talking about things."
"Yes, I suppose so." He said before a worried look crossed his features. Before he could question him Sherlock asked; "John..."
He hoped he wouldn't fling himself back into cigarettes or worse. And then there it was again, that prickling sensation, stronger. His mind and heart rebelled against being pulled in again.
Hours later, how many hours he was unsure, he heard a knock on his door. It took awhile for the reality of it to penetrate through to his dreams but eventually, he croaked out a "Come in?"
Sherlock for all his coordination while conscious was a clumsy cephalopod in his sleep. He had latched onto John in several ridiculous positions during the night, changing suddenly with an irritated harrumph that at least once resulted in the doctor being elbowed in the ribs. But it was all ok and funny and sexy and sleepy and warm and as it turned out he quite liked sharing a bed with erratic octopus Sherlock Holmes.
I have no idea who she is. None at all. I have been bedding down with a stranger every single night. Tricked. Another trick.
"No! I am blaming you for being so relieved that you didn't have to. I'm blaming you for saying one thing and meaning another. No...no, wait, that's not true. You said what you meant."
"I love how you taste as well." John replied, yanking him in for a kiss and sliding their tongues against one another's.
But at times like this he liked the blur; the rush of limbs, the crush of lips, the grasping, feeling, touching, kneading, holding, tugging. It all sped by and John was infinitely aware of each and every second. Sherlock was gentle but not tentative as he worked one, two, three fingers inside of him, taking breaks only to let him breathe and to lavish attention on his cock. John spent most of this time keening and trying desperately to stay still.
“By the way, I thought you were going to come over and rescue me from that guy, you arse.” John said turning to him with a grin.
He'd been in firefights, been wounded in battle, had explosives strapped to him, almost been burned alive and on and on and on and on. And still, right now, in the apparent safety of this place he was terrified.
With a shudder of pleasure, he wiped his mouth, inhaled, pulled out the card and dialed the number before he could change his mind.
Then I moved to the second level and these places had nothing to do with a case. Suddenly he'd been spotted all over and I knew just what was happening. He'd decided to make a break for it, hole up somewhere and no doubt smoke enough heroin to incapacitate himself.
I was relieved I'd been mistaken but I didn't have the stomach to be patted on the head for my foolish emotional response. I still wanted to leave, get some air and space. I started to head out of the loo, he followed. I was nearly out of the bedroom when he grabbed my wrist.
"It was full of platitudes, greeting card sayings. There was very little of you in that note to me, John. You should have gone with your first copy."
Staring in the mirror, the incongruity of what he saw distressed him. Because of the weight loss, his clothes fit him oddly, hanging limply off his body. His mustache and beard were scraggly and unkempt, he was pale, or at least paler than normal. He had circles and bags and circles beneath his eyes to spare. On top of that, his hair was too long. Well, at least the hair issues were the one thing he could fix. He hated his reflection. Hated staring at himself for long at all so he didn't.
"How have you been sleeping?" Hanah asked. She was somewhere new now and he could just make out rolling green hills behind her. It looked peaceful.
"Good on you, then." He said returning the shoulder clap. "What the hell are we trying to get clean for if not to take yet another stab at happy?"
It threw him off his rhythm for a second and he looked at me with surprise and I gave him a little smirk.
With a hand that was slightly shaking but growing steadier and when exactly had that started? he entered his information.
"Why is that?" He felt panicked at the idea which surprised him. He thought perhaps he'd have felt relieved.
"Ok, I'll come home." He said with a broad smile his friend returned. "I don't really want to be anywhere else."
Pressing the wound. Holding it, pressing it. Pressing. Pressing. Pressing. Feeling the blood seep hot through his fingers, coating the tips, his palm. Seeping. Seeping. Down to the knuckle. Past the knuckle to the wrist. Too much blood. So much blood. Battlefield blood. A widow maker of an injury. A
But he couldn't help but harbor anger toward them. Sherlock and Mycroft (and Eurus) had suffered under their care. After Victor Trevor's murder, Sherlock had essentially, gone into a fugue state which they'd encouraged, or at the very least done nothing to prevent. Allowing their youngest son to suppress his memories and turn his dead best friend into a beloved, euthanized dog. Teenage Mycroft was apparently left to care for Sherlock while seeing to the institutionalization of their mad sister. And what had that amounted to in the end? An austere man who eschewed friends and any meaningful connection. A shadowy government figure not averse to manipulation and murder so long as his own hands didn't get dirty. A man who gladly spent the majority of his non-working life in self-imposed solitary confinement. And then, his brother, a relapsing heroin addict, bullied and mistreated as a child who eventually turned in on himself for protection. A man capable of such loyalty, care and love who'd worked his hardest to suppress it all for fear of being hurt and brutalized all over again. And a sister...well, he had a difficult time working up any sympathy at all for her. But the point still stood. The Holmes children had been spectacularly neglected and all of them, even the debased, devoid genius seemed to be willing to give Mummy and Daddy Holmes a pass.
"You hit me, John. You've never done that before. Oh, you've gone too far, haven't you? What to do now? Perhaps go farther?"
He’d never been the religious sort so the 12 Steps, or rather that one particular part about a higher power chafed at him. He sat silently in the meetings, listening to the others. Some of their stories were like his. Some wildly different. But he listened.
He laughed a bit louder but it was mostly out of relief that she wasn't looking at him anymore. What was that Sherlock had said? About he and Mycroft always handling her in tandem. Never alone.
Nearly every part of him wanted to run from this conversation but the morbid part of him needed to keep it going. He knew this was important.
“Jesus.” He said rubbing at his temple. “You understand that makes me a lot less likely to trust you?”
It seemed silly, maybe even macabre to do this now. To have a friendly chat...a friendly last chat. But he missed Duck. Somewhere along the way, things had gone wrong with them and now was just as good a time as any to set them right.
"You still keep a room upstairs. Your clothing, your photos, your shoes, your cologne, it's all just up there. Your house remains unsold. Despite my offers of help to put it on the market, to have my lawyer take over, you refuse and there it sits. You even go there sometimes, presumably to be away from me."
"No, there was already a rift by then. She did a 180 with regard to our father...so um...we mutually decided it was best to maintain distance."
If there was such a thing as souls, he sent up a nearly forgotten prayer from childhood to honour that of his friend.
I know you're going to laugh but I kept...I keep having this feeling that things aren't right with you. That something has gone wrong, that you need help. I had a ridiculous dream and...just knowing you're ok, if you're ok, would go such a long way.
"Another lovely woman may just come along, John." She continued as Sherlock's father nodded along to the sentiment. "You never know."
With Sherlock's pronouncement, the last bit of embarrassment John had at how long this had all taken faded away. It wasn't on his partner's mind at all, so he wouldn't allow it to haunt his.
"Thanks so much, John. So, I wanted to start off with that passage because that's a really big issue for some of us, myself included. For those of us who have been in AA for awhile, I think we can all agree that certain passages of the Big Book have more personal meaning than others. This has always been one of the ones that stick out for me. I love it and I hate it. I still get very resentful about it sometimes. Now, it's childish resentment but I'm going to voice it here anyway because I know I'm among friends. There are times when I get really,
John laughed and his friend, again, joined him. He considered making a lewd joke about the location of the spigot but decided against it.
Rosie was sitting quietly in John's lap watching the telly with rapt attention. Sherlock was chattering softly in his ear while John was trying not to laugh.
"No, it's not hyperbole, it's black and white thinking. It's actually something called splitting. People are either good or bad. Actions are either pure or sullied. Heaven or hell, devil or angel. The words we choose affect how we see the world, how we move in it and how we color it. What about gray?"
I did something. Something that I want to confess to Mary but there hasn't been time. No, that's not the only reason. Not the real reason. The real reason is I'm enjoying her bowing and scraping. I feel I've earned it and I also feel awful that I feel I've earned it.
How is it that you seem so calm during all of this. Do you...expect betrayal is that it? Or do you not see this a betrayal. I know she doesn't I don't even have to ask. Sometimes I think you two are better suited for each other. What with neither of you having those bothersome notions of common decency to get in the way. She drugged you and then she left me and our daughter. Just up and left. It has been a handful of *months* since Christmas, since we reconciled. Should I just accustom myself to a clockwork of lies? And you're enjoying this. I know you are. The hunt, the chases, plane after plane...
"Everything! Everything was wrong with that. I didn't want to know, don't you understand? She would have told me. She gave me everything. She handed it all over. Like a person going into a confessional to be cleansed once and for fucking all and I stopped her. It would be like a priest just saying, oh give me the highlights. I don't want to hear it all. Because I didn't. That wasn't a kind thing to say or a benevolent thing to say. That was shutting her up because I didn't want to know. How can you offer this blanket forgiveness when you don't know everything. You can't! At least, I don't think you can."
"Yeah, yes, I mean it." Turning behind him briefly he grabbed the box of tissues off Hanah's desk and taking a few began to dab at Sherlock's face.
One day, after Albert had left, when they were both still sat in their chairs in a similar manner to the first day they met him, Sherlock announced, “I’ve got an idea.”
As his work grinds to a solemn halt, the white noise grows forward in his ears. Swellings and twinkling vibrato swirl around the air inside this dimly lit, warm room. The purple-reds and golds in the decor seem to glimmer that much brighter when Sherlock plays his incandescent waltzes. Some peculiar feeling resonates inside his bones, a sensation that has not come to him for some time, being roused and rectified by Sherlock.
John is aware that all is about to go south very quickly. His knees ache to rip out from under the table; they shift up and down, getting up and then backtracking, his brain telling him to move. Then, he’s on his feet without realising.
The men shared their routine goodnight-kiss, then gradually fell into slumber. Simply put, to each other, they were their light and their lives.
John is wearing a navy towelling dressing down, not dissimilar to Sherlock’s rather more expensive robe. His hair is clumped in sporadic dampnesses, while the translucent silver tendrils on his upper chest are also coated with a sheen of moisture.
John sits at his desk, typing his usual drabble onto his blog with little enthusiasm. Sherlock, he guesses, is in the kitchen, observing some microbes underneath a microscope. He is ever preoccupied with the happenings and resulting gifts from the gay bar (yes, he and his friend(?) just visited a gay bar together…as friends). It’s too odd and out of character to go ignored. He has to broach the subject. For his, er…curiosity.
The occasional eight-bar tune pierces the monotonous tap-tap-tapping of John’s fingers on his laptop. Case write-ups are nowadays more of a chore, a ‘should’ rather than a ‘want’. He used to enjoy it tremendously, but the feedback he has received of late - or lack thereof in fact - has done the opposite of inspire him. Sherlock calling his articles ‘as mundane as a rich tea biscuit’ sort of drew the line. It takes more effort each time to be bothered.
Sherlock obeyed his now-carer and floated up from the sofa. His stature and his gait were obviously hindered due to fatigue, but his smile and those gorgeous laugh-lines were enough to make John forget about the ailments. As they crossed in the doorframe their lips met and stayed there for a few seconds.
Fascinating! Sherlock is fascinated, but that feeling swims around in his brain among the pleasant heaviness of classical music like this. The most luxurious, decadent melody, in a pub in bustling, raucous central London…and for some reason, there is John Watson. Grumpy, greying, solid John Watson, who is the last person he’d expect to be sitting on an ancient piano, playing Chopin as if he had been doing it for years. Sherlock is surprised by his own miscalculations. Even after all this time, John Watson remains a mystery.
Begrudgingly, John abides. Putting the phone to his ear and flinching at the cold metal, he grumbles “Greg.”
John recognises this tune. He has heard Sherlock play it before on occasion, but his main memory of classical violin pieces is much older, his relationship with music much more complex than his relationship with Sherlock. It is of secondary school concerts, where he would perform intricate piano classics while others would strum sultry guitars or whistle into flutes before he would marvel at a beautiful violinist and their melodies.  However apathetic John feels, his mind is now aroused by the current moment of luxury. In the present, he closes his eyes for just a brief moment, counting the
“Fine.” Sherlock looks pensively at John for some moments, then turns his attention back to work and food.
Coming round to himself he remembered that they were both still playing husbands on their left hands. John had forgotten about the wedding band; it seemed to have melded itself onto his finger, to the point that he had only just became aware again of its presence.
Sherlock strode over to the kitchen and whipped open the cutlery draw with vigour. Out he pulled two white gold wedding bands. He held them up triumphantly.
“I’m not sure how feelings work, but you’re really important to me and you make me feel good, so…I think I-“
“You don’t need to apologise for anything. Not a single thing, okay? You’re beautiful. Please stop.”
As eloquent as he is, a single word comes out that seems to be the only one in the English language that encompasses his thoughts. “What??”
Both clocking this at the same time, they mutually, telepathically decide to say nothing and at least try to act normal. Of course, this is impossible. Well then.
The corners of John’s mouth ascended into a small, albeit damp smile. Sherlock had always admired John’s ability to add positivity back into situations where it had been rid of such stuff. He had always stood by the fact that he was an unbeatable conductor of light, after all. They both straightened up and snickered quietly - a secret, treasured laugh, that was only theirs to keep. The sight of Sherlock’s many laugh-lines rippling against his cheeks made John feel infinitely warm and melty.
Sherlock pivoted mid-pace to look at his John with pride and amazement. Although he was slightly disgruntled he didn’t solve it himself before John, he couldn’t help his pride. The way John’s silver hair matted in the rain and the glint of silver due to the moonlight made Sherlock’s heart feel inexplicably warm and melty.
“Thank you. For making this. Much appreciated” He doesn’t look across the table; he nods and inhales deeply, nose wrinkled.
Before Sherlock knew it John emerged from the bathroom in his dressing gown and slippers (both of which Sherlock adored), faced pinked and altogether looking rather clean.
And so it begins. The first few notes are barely audible, the goings-on at the tables far too exciting. John struggles to find the correct fingering--he notices his own shakiness over the keys, fumbling and forgetting which finger goes where, crisscrossing his hands and applying too much pressure on the keys.Then, when the body of the piece flows in, filling out the gaps, the silence in the room falls slowly. As he plays, his confidence grows--the notes he plays become stronger and more confident; he finds the techniques that come flooding back to him after all this time. The melody circulates and fills the room with an effervescence, driving the room to a havana of luscious sounds.
Sherlock raised his head to see his partner’s. John had puffiness and jewel-like tears below his misty grey irises, then one released down his beige cheek. Sherlock stroked a thumb over the teardrop so as to remove it. His countenance showed infinite empathy and concern for John.
The level of wanting any potential flirts to realise that he was taken and not interested was always this passionate. And, although it seemed less so on Sherlock’s part, he felt the same, albeit internally. Above all, John knew this, and Sherlock remained adamant that that was the most important thing to him.
“Joseph, I’m afraid you’re a suspect in a case currently in court—“ Sherlock tries his best to quicken his words so as not to be interrupted, yet this is futile. The women around who had cleared the way before are now leaning in, heady-scented cleavage and glittering cheekbones in full effect. It's putting him off. He tries his best to ignore them; he can hear one whisper to another, “He’s lovely isn't he?” and the other replying “Phwoar, yeah, that hair...I’d take him any day, I tell y’! Sorry, Rob, you're being replaced!”
