“Well you’ve been taking care of me the last week,” Cas replied. “This seemed like the least I could do.”
“I’m finally going shopping for baby furniture,” Cas says. He’s walking with his hands on his belly and Dean can’t help but find it adorable.
“Dean?” Fingers snap in his face and Dean blinks back to reality to find Cas staring at him, eyes a little less wild and more worried. They soften when Dean focuses. “You’re thinking too hard,” Cas says.
“Me too,” Cas pants, his hands coming to fist in Dean’s T-shirt. “So damn long.”
Fifteen days.
“Dean?”
Cas buries his head in his hands and let’s the sweet words tear into him.
The compliment turns Dean’s face red even as his stomach aches. Flattery from Cas was always the weirdest kind of high, short-lived and followed by a swift and merciless drop that reminded him that no matter how great Cas said he was, Dean was never great enough for him. So Dean laughs it off and bumps his shoulder into Cas’s. “You charmer. C’mon, I’ve got a kid to feed before she tries to eat me.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Dean stutters, face going bright red. “I-I’m not here to, we’re not- he’s-”
Dean makes himself at home in Charlie’s kitchen, pilfering through her cabinets and setting out snacks. He hears the front door open and the living room is suddenly loud with too many voices. He opens another beer and takes a long pull.
“I got drunk last night.” Dean shrugged. “Needed a place to go.”
“Classic lack of self-esteem,” she chirps and Dean bawks.
Cas spun on his heel and raced for the stairs. He was almost in the clear when he heard, “Hey, Cas?”
“Can you get under the covers?” he asked as he folded Dean’s jeans.
“Yeah. Right. Yeah, “ Dean agrees. He releases a choked laugh, refusing to acknowledge the sinking feeling in his gut. “Okay. So, uh, what do you need me to do?”
There was a knock at his doora little past 1:00 as he was finishing. Cas looked up and a small gasp escaped him when he saw Sam Winchester, of all people.
“Dean,” he pleads, “please don’t tell me you...”
Cas doesn’t know what to make of that and figures the smart thing was to make nothing of it at all. “You played a great game. Congratulations.”
She slipped past Dean, and he turned, watching as she headed toward the door. “Where are you going?”
The line goes dead and Dean starts to the bedroom to get a few things.
He watches friends and couples dance, line up for picture, toast sparkling cider in their plastic glasses like this is the last and greatest night of their lives.
“What’s up?”
So Cas had moved on. He had found someone. Good. That was good. Cas deserved someone who could make him happy and if that someone was this Balthazar fellow, then Dean could smile at him and get through the night.
“Yes, actually. I have some news to share.”
The bathroom door opened.
Dean snorts. “Oh, you would prefer Gabriel raise your child over me? You want all of your kid’s teeth and half her brain to be rotten by the time she’s two? Cool.”
Sam had been pissed to hear what his brother had done and promised to be right over.
And though everything in Dean’s body wanted to leap to the bed, the wariness in the back of mind glued him in place. He looked over Cas’s shoulder toward the bedroom, like a ghost lurking at the end of the hall, and he swallowed. “I don’t know if that’s for the best, Cas.”
“Daddy, I want to go home!” Callie launches herself into Cas’s legs. “I don’t want to be here! I want to go home!”
“Yeah? Well it’s about to get better,” Brady promises, his voice getting deeper, sultry. The space in Dean’s pants gets tighter and Brady grins when he feels it. “Ready to go to bed?”
“Why would I pay to eat something I can make for myself and make it twenty times better?”
“What brought this on?” he asks after a minute.
“I guess I can see how that would be annoying. Want me to do some snooping?”
“Awesome! We’re going to have a jousting tournament in the backyard!” And with that, she’s off as fast as she can go -- which isn’t very fast when your limbs are all covered in metal.
Dean chuckled despite himself and answered her with a special finger. Jess just giggled and began unloading the bags of groceries Sam had dropped on the counter.
A powerful scent hits him, knocking him back an inch and the mug slips from his hand. Dean stands there, looking just as stunned, but neither pays attention to the shards of ceramic swimming in a sea of black.
All instincts except for one.
*****
Cas watched a bee documentary, one he had seen many times. Eventually, he was able to fall asleep on the couch.
That was why he’d had to end things in the first place. Because Dean was perfect and he was going to go do great things and be loved by so many people. Cas had known that when he’d started dating the university’s golden boy and it was terrifying at times but he’s always managed to work through it.
The idea of ever seeing the beta again and not getting kicked in the balls is almost laughable. “No,” Dean says with confidence. “That ship has sailed.”
“Was it awkward?”
Dean did his best to continue the charade through the rest of the night. Balthazar joined them at the table and put up with the group’s slight interrogation. Cas sat happily at his side, his smile an odd combination of bliss and gratitude.
“How many sconces do you want per panel?” He holds one of them up, another cheap prop she’d gotten on sale at Hobby Lobby.
Cas stood in the center of the room, lost and not knowing what to do for several minutes.
“Dean? Dean, are you home?” Sam pounded on the door again and waited for an answer. Still nothing.
Dean’s hands start to wander, running down Cas’s back to rest over the swell of his ass and they squeeze, earning a sharp gasp from Cas. He can feel Dean smile in response and Cas presses closer, letting his own hands journey up and Dean’s body. He slips beneath Dean’s shirt, feeling the warm skin along the slope of his back, and starts to bring them around to the front when something catches his finger.
“It was supposed to be our one-year anniversary. Cas already had our vacation planned and everything. He wanted to go to India. Was always talking about how romantic it was, how amazing the weather would be and how much fun we would have getting to know the culture. All a lie. He actually wanted to visit some ancient temple. Saw it on his computer.” Dean snorted and closed his eyes. “Cas doesn’t even like Indian food.”
Dean slides his new friend a look. “What do ya say, partner? Ready for some grub?”
“Everything going well inside?” he asks, pulling away for a second to shake hands with two more guests.
Cas frowns. “You want me to go alone?”
Today was Sam’s birthday.
Rejection was a scary process, a physical and volatile manifestation of heartbreak that tore the body down, took your inner wolf and shoved it through a paper shredder. Dean had woken with a pain in his chest so deep, it was like he could feel the bones expanding and stretching, trying to breach skin.
He swallows and doesn’t look at her. “I think I need to go too.”
“Uh, hi. I’m Dean Winchester and this is Callie Novak,” Dean introduces them. Callie offers a small wave. “I think we should have two tickets from Dr. Novak?”
“And Charlie, everyone has known about you basically since elementary school and you’ve been dating Gilda almost half of our lives. You’re both loved and accepted while I’m casted as the evil lesbian just because I don’t smile and gravel every time someone has the basic human decency to say ‘hi’ in the hallway.” Cas’s voice lowers to a growl as she finishes her sentence and she glares at her two friends. “So please excuse me if I have a few reservations about receiving an invitation to prom from a stranger just five days before the actual dance.” She stands with her half-eaten lunch.
He didn’t know how many days had passed with him trapped in bed before Charlie somehow found him and had him transported to a hospital. To say the doctors were confused was an understatement. Rejection wasn’t necessarily rare but it was nearly unheard of outside of an actual mated pair — and Dean definitely wasn’t mated. Hell, he wasn’t even dating anyone.
“Cas!”
Cas tries really hard not to stare and observe the way Deanna’s muscles tense and flex as she lifts her side of the frame — but goddammit, she’s wearing those cutoff shorts Cas loves that show off her beautiful bow legs and Cas is only human, okay?
“You talked to Dean, didn’t you?”
Dean jumped with surprise. “Oh, shit, Cas!” He turned in each direction, as though looking for a magic window to jump out of.
He catches sight of Cas a few times from across the room. He’s pressed up against Hannah and Dean tries to ignore the nauseous curls of jealousy in his stomach. Cas never looks back at him.
Sam picked it up. “Oh, I must have left it at the-—he…”
Dean wandered toward the entertainment center as Cas placed their order. He smiled at the bee figurines and Cas’s geeky movie collection. Cas kept an impressive collection of religious items on the shelves, everything from a wooden cross to a small statue of Buddha. Cas had bought most of them himself, the rest had been gifts from Dean over the years.
Dean frowns, beyond confused. “So being rude to you was, what, his way of marking me?”
Suddenly, the smell of garlic and pepper is muted beneath strong notes of honey and damp earth and the kitchen smells like a garden in late spring. Dean smiles as Cas presses against him from behind, hands on his hips, lips kissing the back of his neck, and the gentle swell of his belly pushing into Dean’s lower back.
“I just got the best news.”
“I’m going to lunch with a friend.”
Class is over ten minutes later. Dean pulls Cas to his feet as the other alphas help their omegas and the aura of serenity dissipates under movement and conversation.
Cas whines and my god if that isn’t a sound Dean wants to hear a thousand times over. “Why?”
“Dean,” Balthazar said. “So we meet at last. I must say, Cas, he is every bit as beautiful as you said he was.”
“What? No! Don’ call Sammy.” Dean yawned,his body digging deeper into the couch. “He’ll jus yell at me.”
“Oh, I see. I apologize for the mistake. It’s just… you would make an ideal alpha for donation.” Her eyes travel up and down Dean carefully, as if scanning him for imperfections and if her smile at the end is anything to go by, she doesn’t find any. She picks up a brochure and pushes is across the desk. “In case you change your mind.”
Cas shakes his head and wipes at his face roughly. “It’s nothing,” he says quickly. “Where is Kara?”
Donna’s smile sweetens and she wishes them a good day and wanders off.
Cas stirred. “Hmm? Oh, sorry, Balthazar. Just… distracted. Everything’s okay,” he assured his friend. “Things will be back to normal tonight.”
So Anna speaks for him. “You have a date.”
a witch, Anna and Gabe had promised to participate in his Christmas party if Cas casted the spell. If there was one thing Cas wanted as much as his desire for Dean, it was a cheesy Hallmark family Christmas.
?” His voice changes as he quotes Dean to himself and laughs.
Dean pumps a victorious fist into the air, cranking up the music, and he misses Cas’s small smile that melts into a frown of confusion as they cruise down the road.
“Have a good night,” Dean says and walks Benny out, locking the door behind him.
“Yes, Callie is aware of the circumstances of her birth. I saw no point in keeping it from her once she was old enough to start asking questions.”
Dean reaches up to remove the oxygen mask again and Cas starts to protest but Dean bats his hand away gently and his eyes beg from grace that Cas can’t deny. So he settles on the hospital bed next to Dean’s legs and waits.
“With the tree? Nah, it’s not that big a deal.”
Sam didn’t know what to say. He looked between his fiancée and his brother, but neither paid him any attention. Dean lowered himself back onto the couch, thinking over Jess’s words.
And his face — god, his face is perfect. Strong jaw, perfect lips. Like really perfect, wide and so, so pink. And his eyes. Dean’s never seen blue like that anywhere else. There’s no other word for them besides beautiful.
She spends the next twenty minutes watching Garth and Aaron install each sconce exactly six feet from floor level and making sure none of them hung crooked.
John chuckles. “Yeah, I’ve heard some stories from Deedee.”
Dean stands in the middle of the kitchen, at a loss for words. What the ever loving fuck was that?
Cas continues to laugh as he backs into the apartment, gesturing Dean inside. “Actually, that’s how she acts when she likes someone.”
The season is changing fast. He tries not to think of it in terms of the days passed, the days of missing out on… he just tries not to think about it. Rather, he focuses on the future, the summer days ahead that will taste like lemon and berries and bold herbs. Summer is sharp and tangy, makes the space between your eyes tingle, makes your skin tight. Dean sits in his kitchen and tries to craft those thoughts into food, reimagining his menu.
“And as my best friend, you should hate it too.”
“Yeah. To do this, I have to find a donor and I, well, I....” Cas’s face gets impossibly redder and Dean starts to feel the heat growing under his own skin as he starts to understand what Cas must be trying to ask.
So apparently, Donna hadn’t been joking about bringing their yoga mats. Dean had showed up — on time — and found Cas standing outside with two bundles in his arms and a wicked smirk. Inside, everyone was rolling out their mats, dressed in sweats and form-fitting athletic wear.
In some ways, seeing Sam was almost more painful than seeing Dean. Sam had been like a brother to him, a great and wonderful friend. And now Cas couldn’t look at him without feeling what his brother had done. Dean had walked out of Cas’s life and, as a result, had dragged Sam out of the door with him.
Cas’s hand grips his hip harder, enough to bruise, and huffs an irritated, “Dean, come on,” and pulls him through the door.
*****
It was a photo of them, him and Cas. They were dancing, two hands interlocked in front of them while Dean’s free arm held Cas’s waist and Cas’s free hand rested on Dean’s shoulder. Cas had his head tilted back, his mouth opened wide in a gummy smile as he laughed. Dean was just watching him, the most blissful expression on his face.
And Cas likes anything that makes Dean happy.
“What did I tell you about taking that mask off one more time?” Bobby warns and Dean snaps the oxygen mask back in place, eyes simmering with annoyance.
The siblings tilt their heads at him and it’s such a Cas thing it makes Dean’s heart swell.
“Dean, no. We can’t do this. It’s wrong.”
“So maybe not a danger to the baby’s life but definitely has an affect on the personality.”
“Well, if you’re ever interested in seeing some, I have a big collection at home. It’s my favorite genre.”
Cas watches the movement, his eyes eerily focused, and there’s an odd scent in the room. It’s subtle but there’s a weight to it that itches Dean’s nose. But before he can place it, it’s gone.
Deanna squeezes her hand. “I’ll see you later, ‘kay?”
Sam’s nose instantly wrinkled when he walked inside. It smelled like stale garbage and booze. Every surface was littered with bottles and cans. Sam caught sight of three empty fifths of whisky and his eyes rounded. “Dean?” he called into the apartment. “Are you here? Did you die?” he grumbled under his breath, toeing a mound of clothes out of his way.
Cas was going to have to visit a heart doctor. Having it stop this often couldn’t be healthy.
He doesn’t expect the way Brady snarls at him when he finally turns around, isn’t prepared for the overwhelming stench of the beta’s fury or the fire in his eyes, and he definitely isn’t ready when Brady pushes him back.
“Dinner is… coming along.”
“That, little lady, is the one and only god among men Josey Wales.”
“Hello?” a gruff voice answers.
Cas hums, “Merry Christmas, Dean,” and their lips meet. And it’s soft and easy, natural as breathing and wonderful as only magic could be.
“Maybe you haven’t shared your bites yet, but for intents and purposes, you’re mated,” Dr. Mills says.
Cas frowns but goes to follow after her, having only enough guts to offer a short wave in Dean’s direction as he passes.
“Yep!”
So he squeezed Cas’s hand back and they turned out the living room lights.
“Hello, Sam.”
Gabe comes loping back into the lab then and Cas frowns down at his hands. “What’s that?” he asks, a little edge to his voice. Cas does not like people poking around his greenhouse without him. Especially Gabe after the rosemary incident.
Later, when their bodies are cool and their breathing is even, Dean stares at their interlocked fingers. He marvels at how long he’s dreamed of this, something as simple as holding Cas’s hand. And now he’s doing it and Cas’s hands are large and soft and warm and he feels like he could spend an eternity studying them, content as a cat in a pool of sunshine.
When Cas made no sign of leaving after a moment, Dean quirked an eyebrow. “Can I help you with something?”
Dean peaks into the bags and catches sight of a hideous Santa statue and bites a grimace. “Aw, Cas, you really shouldn’t have.”
Dean starts the car and Cas just blinks at him. “That was specific.”
Finally, the elevator dinged and the doors opened. Dean made his way down the hall, scanning the numbers until he got to door number 24. He raised his laddled arm and knocked twice.
“Truth,” Dean says immediately.
, not specially
“I can read the damn caller ID. What do you want?”
Dean flinches with every damning word but takes it. It’s long overdue.
“No, he was being rude. I know he’s usually tired and cranky this time of night but… he didn’t have to act like that. I’ll talk to him,” he promises again.
“Hey, it had a lot of charm.”
Cas’s anxiety eased as the week passed by and the scent of Dean fled his apartment. By Tuesday night he was able to sleep in his own bed again. It hadn’t been quite as comfortable as he remembered.
It’s like she’s trying to say too many words at once so she decides to just let her heart speak for her instead and she leans forward and presses her lips to Deanna’s.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas says and there’s a regret in his voice that Dean has never heard before. “I had no idea.”
Dean angled his head so that he could see Charlie’s face. She wore a soft smile an expectant eyes. “I talked to Cas.”
“Don’t you dare even try to blow this off, Dean Winchester,” he warns, heat thrumming through his body and into his words. “You had me going out of my mind with worry for weeks. In bed by 8 every night, always working, barely eating. And I kept asking about your health and you lied to me and now you have fucking pneumonia!” He can’t help the way his voice raises as he goes on and Dean’s eyes widen with each octave Cas hits until he’s practically screeching.
“Of course.”
*****
“Because I wanted…” Cas starts and his voice breaks. He swallows and takes a shaky breath. “Because I wanted you to love me.” He glances up then from under his lashes, looking petrified as he whispers the next words, “The way I’ve always loved you.”
Cas snorted. “You’re the last person I need help from.”
Cas glares. “Were you ever going to tell me about this?”
“It’s okay, Cas,” Dean says. “I understood that you just didn’t feel the same way.”
Of course, they weren’t.
She watches Deanna spin around and start cleaning up her mess. There’s broken glass and tools thrown all around the shed. She carefully navigates the area to follow behind her friend.
Lisa’s smile returns slowly. “Oh, good. I’ll text you the details, okay?”
Brady eventually excuses himself to his office, offering a quick goodbye to Cas and Callie, before disappearing down the hall. Cas helps Dean clean everything up while Callie curls up on the couch.
“Dean.”
Then Dean reached out a hand as if to touch him and Cas jumped to life. He took a step back and Dean immediately pulled his hand back.
“You have a problem with Bilbo?”
“But you don’t have to!” Cas says in a rush. “Like I said, I can do it on my own. I just thought, well, you’re my closest friend and I- I thought I should at least ask.”
"What the fuck Dean?" Cas yells again. "How did we get to this? When did we start keeping these kinds of secrets from each other? Didn't you think I had a right to know something like that?"
Anna was quiet, her face unreadable as Cas told her about Dean coming to his apartment, what Sam had told him about Dean’s odd behavior lately.
“It smells amazing in here,” Cas’s deep voice rumbles into his ear.
“Uh, hey,” Dean says in greeting, unsure how to approach because he can pick up the sour stench between the other two adults. “Everything okay?”
Dean helped Cas with his things into the airport, waited patiently at every stop until, finally, they reached the security line.
After a lot of back and forth, Cas decides to follow Sam’s suggestion and talk to Deanna. She starts by sending a text later that afternoon. There’s no immediate response, which Cas had expected, but she gives it more time.
“Oh, yeah, n-no problem, man.” Dean grins and claps his hands together, not sure if he’s trying to distract Cas or himself. “So where should we start?”
“I’m a food snob?” Cas finally looks up, his smile big and disbelieving. “This coming from the man who refused to eat fast food while in culinary school?”
“Love you, too.”
Cas turned to look straight ahead at the bottles of liquor on the wall and Dean did the same, fingers still wrapped around his glass.
Dean lets his hands wander, running down Cas’s arms until they’re on his waist, teasing the sharp hip bones Dean has only caught glimpses of over the years, and traveling back to cup Cas’s ass. Cas moans into his mouth when Dean squeezes and ruts against Dean’s hip until Dean is vibrating with need.
They’re seated in a booth and Dean asks about her day. He and Lisa have had a thing — he supposed that’s the best word for it — for a little over a year, since she joined the staff at Lawrence High. It’s mostly been harmless flirting around the school and a few dates here and there. Never anything official. He liked Lisa — she was smart and kind with a sense of humor, but there had never been a real spark between them.
Cas left feeling a little choked up himself.
Dean huffs a laugh. “Bad habit.”
Cas just grins a little wider, then scowls when his stomach growls. “I need to make dinner,” he grumbles.
“Oh, shit, h-hey, Cas.”
He wants to be angry — angry at Victor for asking that damn question, angry with his friends for goading him, angry at himself for even answering and signaling out Cas like that.
“You just think that because of the spell,” Cas says and even muffled by Dean’s chest, Dean can hear his voice shaking.
Cas pouts. “Don’t patronize me.” He’s not able to stay mad long though as Dean keeps grinning at him, here in hall and it shouldn’t feel significant because it’s just a hallway, but it does because it’s their home and Dean is here with him. It’s enough to pull tears to Cas’s eyes and he feels ridiculous all over again. Nothing new there, though. Dean’s always had a way of making Cas’s heart twirl in circles. “Are you hungry,” he asks, leaning toward the kitchen. Dean’s stomach grumbles as if on que and Cas laughs. “Guess that’s a yes.”
“Part of me wants to run up the stairs and wake the kids,” Cas says quietly.
“Is she sick?”
“Holy shit,” Gabe breathes.
“So you gonna talk to Cas tonight or just keep pretending that you didn’t get a massive boner the second he walked through the door?”
That settled, Dean lifts the toilet seat to handle his business and turns on the tap to wash his hands. He fumbles around, looking for the soap. Cas likes to hide his good toiletries when he has too many people over. His eyes spot a little container on the corner of the sink and lifts it up. It’s somehow both white and translucent, kinda like soap. He pops the lid off and the scent that hits him is definitely not soap.
As he reaches his apartment, keys in hand, he realizes he’s singing under his breath and that just makes him smile more. The door swings open and he can hear the bangs and clashes of dishes being put away.
Dean frowns, not liking the edge to Brady’s voice. “Well, no, but don’t you want some? Eventually?”
Cas didn’t answer her. Soup? They had a great chicken tortilla soup here that he hadn’t tried in a while.
“Guilty as charged,” Cas murmurs and loves the way redness rises in Dean’s cheeks.
Dean gathered the mug of coffee into his hands and took a long whiff. He didn’t know if the churning in his stomach was good or bad. There was a question burning his tongue and he tried hard to suppress it by taking a gulp of the coffee.
“Things did work out, Jess. I think this is how it’s supposed to be.”
“Because Cas said he needs these when he goes over to Dean’s tonight,” Anna explains for probably the seventh time since she dragged Gabriel back out into the cold. “It’s the perfect time to cast the spell without Dean realizing anything.”
Dean can’t help but laugh. “Well I don’t know what you were expecting but, for the record, I don’t put out on the first date. I’m a gentleman, remember?”
Dr. Mills turns to him, blinking owlishly. “Excuse me?”
Dean actually giggled to himself when he dug out the football he bought to teach Cas how to throw. That had been a disastrous experiment, almost ending with Cas in a cast. Dean had carried him home and catered to Cas’s beck and call as payback for almost injuring him. It had actually turned out to be a pretty fun day, ending with a particularly long and thorough body massage.
“Was Anna giving her psych 101 lessons?”
Charlie starts to snicker and Dean turns his back on her.
Dean looks back down the street he’d run down, briefly considering going back to the party. He hadn’t said a proper goodbye to Cas or Callie, just ran after Brady. But the thought of seeing them right now doesn’t feel right in his gut and Brady’s words just won’t leave his head.
“And I could do it by myself, but Dr. Mills said it’s easier to relax with an alpha presence. And since I don’t have an alpha, she recommended… asking a friend.” Cas’s eyes shift up then, hitting Dean full force.
Everyone else seems to be buzzing, the seniors excited for tomorrow and chatting about their beautiful outfits and how they’re going to style their hair.
Cas is moving to the other side of the country.
“Why? What’s happening on Saturday?” Dean asked.
Dean shrugs it off. “It’s okay, kiddo. If it’s meant to be, it’ll be. If not, you just gotta shrug it off and move on.”
Cas stirred, his eyes opening slowly, confusion clouding them for a moment. He sat up and yawned. “I didn’t mean to fall asleep.”
“H-hey, Cas. How’s it going?”
“Dean!” Cas eventually cries, clearly at the end of his rope. “You have to be somewhat okay with at least one of these donors.”
Dean looks down at the invitation in his hand and resists balling it up for maybe the thousandth time since he’d fetched it from his mailbox — which he had avoided opening all together after Cas’s text that it was coming.
“How many days until you get one of those little chips?”
Then a face appears in the window and a familiar smile appears in the dull light. “You really gonna make me dig out my key, brotha?”
Dean doesn’t know how to tell him that he doesn’t need to find someone. He already has. And he can never have him.
But where he used to feel like he was flying, now Cas felt like he was drowning. So he blinked.
Dean melted. To think that after all that had happened, Cas was still worried about offending him. He couldn’t help it when his hand reached over to wipe Cas’s hair from his forehead. For a second, he thought Cas leaned into the touch. His big blue eyes blinked up at him. Dean smiled. “No, Cas. I’m not mad. I’m glad you finally get to go. I just want you to be happy.”
Cas tilts his head, staring at Dean intently. "Okay, hold on. I'm sorry, are you saying that we
“What? Bobby! You can’t do this to me!”
*****
Birth certificate?
“No, I think I got it. I just need help getting them to the car.”
The man had blue eyes. They weren’t nearly as bright as Cas’s but they made Dean squirm all the same as he looked him up and down carefully. Finally, he leaned to shake Dean’s hand. His grip was strong, almost painful and Dean’s eyes narrowed and returned the pressure.
“You ever had one?” Dean asks, trying to keep his voice low as to not disturb other guests. “The hat?”
Shame for not feeling elated.
“You boys drive safely,” Ellen said, pressing a kiss to each of the their cheeks before going off to finish cleaning.
Dean was holding his head in his hands as Sam chastised him. “Why are you so mad about this?” he wondered. “It doesn’t really concern you.”
“Don’t forget to bring your yoga mats next week!” Donna calls as everyone starts to leave.
Dean groans and flings himself back on the couch. He realizes he’s, for all intents and purposes, pouting but he thinks he deserves a pass for the next few minutes. After all, he’s just learned that he’d made a complete ass of himself in front of the man he’s loved for more than ten years and he can’t even remember. It’s absolutely humiliating. Being found on the damn bathroom floor with his pants undone and a cup of sperm. Dean’s pretty sure he’s never heard of anything so embarrassing in his entire life.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t realize being abandoned by your fiance a month before your wedding was something that happened often.”
Cas looked down at his food. He wasn’t hungry anymore.
“You need help getting them home?”
Dean feels mortified. “Oh my god, Charlie! How could you never tell me that?”
“So what did you ask Santa for?” Claire asks innocently.
“I did,” Jess said, filling her glass with wine. “He couldn’t come. He’s in the hospital.”
in blue ink that will later be scratched and replaced with
“And give me that,” Bobby said, snatching the beer from Dean’s hand.
Cas has looked at Dean like he's crazy a million times over the course of their friendship, so Dean is well acquainted with that particular look. The one he's giving Dean now, however, tells Dean that he may have hit a whole new level of insanity. "What can't affect me?"
“Will it at least be in this century?”
Cas just shoots him a withering look and continues with his breathing exercises.
“Not enough to keep you from listening to some really stupid advice or something. And not enough for you to tell me what it was now. I’m tired of the mystery, Dean. I’m tired of this guessing game with you. We’re almost thirty years old. I need more than this.”
“But when did you ask me out?”
Mary just shrugs. “Something about a terrace and a ball. I don’t know. I’m gonna go ahead and order. You can go on out and tell Dee dinner will be here in about thirty minutes.”
The thought was enough to choke him up and he can’t even bear to look at Dean.
“I want answers,” he says, much quieter than before. “I want to know what you’ve up to, why you’ve been overworking yourself when according to Bobby he’s had plenty of other people who could have filled in. I want to know why you’ve been lying to me and most importantly I want to know what could be so goddamn important that you would sacrifice your own health.”
“What was I supposed to say? The kid is sick and upset and she wants to be home.”
Dean looks down at himself like he can’t remember what he’s wearing. “Uh, yeah, I, uh… had a date tonight.”
“Absolutely not,” Cas says immediately.
Cas gives a tiny smile. “Oh, did I forget to mention that?”
Dean looks up with a frown. “We what?”
“Love what you’ve done with the place,” he says. “Thought I was at a bachelorette party for a second.”
Cas immediately fists his hand in Dean’s work shirt and holds Dean close. “Wanted to see you,” Cas murmurs. He can feel when Dean naturally goes to pull back and finds that he can’t. He also feels the way Dean immediately softens and his arms come up to hug Cas close. There’s another kiss lost in his hair.
“Hi, Sam. Uh, where is your sister?”
“And she said that as long as we don’t get too wild,” he begins, hands sliding under Dean’s shirt, “that it’s perfectly safe for you to knot me.”
Cas pauses. “What?”
She comes to to the sound of applause and it mortified to find her classmates clapping for them. Deanna laughs and tightens her hold. “I guess we weren’t the only ones waiting for us to get our shit together,” she says in Cas’s ear.
Cas pouts a little at Dean’s gentle teasing as though they haven’t had this conversation a dozen times by now. “What’s wrong with it? It’s better than Ralph, isn’t it?”
Cas throws back her head and laughs.
Cas shakes her head because this isn’t what she wants to talk about right now with Deanna’s hands in her and her lips just a few inches away. “It’s fine. I’m sorry for blowing up at you-”
“Have a lovely evening, gentlemen,” their waiter says. “We hope to see you again.”
He takes a deep, shuddering breath. “I put a spell on the mistletoe.”
His gaze settles on the kettle on the stove. He pictures it spinning, the handle rotating toward the front. Waits and waits without breathing for it to move and seal his fate. But it doesn’t. It never even twitches. He blows out a breath.
The back is where all the products are made and bottled. Cas had industrialized it a bit since taking over the business. The giant space is now filled with long tables supporting all sorts of pots, containers, and tubes in all manners of bubbling, stirring, and simmering. Herbs and flowers hang from intricate racks on the ceiling, drying for whatever recipe Cas needs them. Cas had affectionately renamed it his laboratory and Anna had to admit, it was befitting.
Cas puts his things away and inches toward the door. “Guess I should... get back to everyone else.”
He still puts his all in it, swallowing around Cas’s cock until it reaches the back of his throat. He sucks around it, then comes back up, licks his tongue around the tip and then up the bottom of the shaft. Cas’s hand clutch at Dean’s hair as his body continues to jerk and move, riding the pleasure wherever it takes him.
It’s quiet for a few heartbeats and for a moment Cas thinks maybe he just imagined it. But then there’s the unmistakable sound of footsteps and Cas’s heart drops to his stomach. There’s someone in his garage.
But he hasn’t and he’s completely unprepared for what it’s doing to him now.
“Oh I’m so sorry,” he says, backing away.
“Great. Okay. I’ll talk to you later.”
Donna’s soft voice carries over them after a few more minutes. “Now we’re going to move into the all-fours position.”
“Winchester,” a gruff voice barked.
Cas touched Dean’s chin, gently forcing Dean to look at him. “I don’t care what your father thinks of me or you. He wasn’t a part of this relationship. I don’t need you to defend our relationship to other people as long as I love you and you love me. That’s all that matters.”
Cas comes busting through the door as they’re sitting next to each other, attacking a mountain of pancakes, cheeks bulging.
He eyes her up for it and she just smiles bashfully. “Oops.”
“Yes, please,” Brady says and Dean winces at how quickly he responds.
Dean couldn’t stop keeping track even if he wanted to. Each day was like another cut, reminding him of the pain he had put himself in, reminding him of how big of an idiot he was. He had hundreds of them at this point but they still never hurt any less.
Cas pulls away and Dean could growl but he holds it together. With a grin, Cas steps to the side and reveals a little girl with dark hair pulled into a high ponytail.
“Is this weird?” Dean asked suddenly.
Dean was trembling under Cas’s touch. The tears he was holding back broke free and made the fire in his eyes brighten. “Guess I was being a dumbass again.”
Deanna stands and steps closer. “Okay, Cas. I’ll be there if you’ll be there.”
“God, I’m such a dick—I didn’t mean—God, Cas, I can’t do anything right. I’ll just—I’m sorry—look, I’ll go so you don’t-”
Dean waves him off and passes him the plate. “It’s cool, man. She’s a good kid. Plus, I figured you had to be pretty damn desperate to ask me to take care of her. Guess everyone else you called was busy?
“Alpha,” Cas whispers, rolling his hips down on Dean’s crotch.
“It does feel rather surreal,” Cas says.
“So,” Dean says, voice much softer now, “what would you like for Christmas?”
“Son of a…”
Anna hands him the mistletoe again. “Now I want you to hold this and speak of the moment you first fell in love with Dean.”
“I really missed you.”
“The doctor was quite impressed with Emerson’s development.”
Dean doesn't think he could ever fully explain what all has been happening in his life the past few months. Doesn’t really want to try.
a professional. I’m just distracted.”
“Holy shit,” she breathes.
“I don’t deserve it,” Cas says, sinking in on himself.
“No, what?”
The door opened and Sam and Jess came through with bright smiles. They saw Dean and straightened up.
Dean finishes getting ready for work and comes round to kiss Cas goodbye. Cas naturally tilts his head back and purses his lips which pout when the kiss is once again delivered to his head.
“I apologized for barging into his place last week.”
Callie shrugs and looks back at the TV. She’s trying to look unbothered but Dean can still see it in her posture, the line of her mouth. “I guess I just thought it would be cool…”
“Do you hate me?”
Deanna hisses. “All right, I got this, Gilda. You run to safety.”
Cas looks tired, the bags under his eyes more pronounced than usual, and there’s a fold to his shoulders that doesn’t promise good health.
" The humiliation slowly starts to seep in with the full realization of what this conversation really was, what Cas was actually here for. And Dean knows that he has to stop it now. "Look, Cas, you don't have to do this."
“What?” Dorothy asks.
“Did they love you back?”
Cas is still in a state of shock. Because that’s his boyfriend in a hospital bed. With fucking pneumonia.
“But… why?”
“It’s either that or more Trivial Pursuit, bitches,” Charlie threatens and they shut up real fast.
“Right. Look, Cas, I know you’re mad at me and you said all that stuff about us not being meant for each other and I understand and you have no reason to ever listen to me or anything I ask, but I need you to come with me.”
“B-but how can you say that?” Cas asked, so surprised he almost sounded offended. “He—he’s awful! And you hate him! I hate him!.”
Bobby knocked him out of the way on time. Dean hit his head pretty hard against the concrete ground, but in the scheme of things that was like being tapped by an empty water bottle.
Something in Cas’s stomach sinks. What could Dean possibly need extra money for? He already gets paid extremely well and he knows if he ever needs anything Cas would never refuse to help him.
“Bobby’s fine. He was just worried about you.”
He is not home by 4:00. It’s past 9:00 when Dean finally wanders in and Cas is ready to fucking pounce until he sees how slowly Dean is walking, how flushed his face look.
But instead of a busted engine taking up all the space, today it’s some sort of large rounded frame.
“Does that say his interests include NASCAR? Absolutely not.”
“Well, what a cute pair they make.”
“Well, that was… nice of you.”
“He has a daughter?”
“Did you guys… talk… about anything?” Sam wondered.
Cas sat up in the seat. Dean laughed again when Cas leaned into the light and Cas frowned at him. “You got a bit of drool…” He gestured around Cas’s chin.
Dean growls and Brady laughs, jumping off his laugh and taking off down the hall to their bedroom. Dean is about to run after him when he hears his phone ring.
Dean shakes his head wildly. "No, no! It had nothing to do with you, Cas, you didn't even do anything. It was just me."
“Looking at you.”
“Cas! My best friend from college.”
Cas can only hum and nod gravely like he understands. He’s never had to deal with relationships, one of the few reliefs when you’re one of the few gay kids at your school. “I’m sure you’ll find a way to do the right thing,” he assures his friend.
“Cas.”
He runs to his daughter, scooping her into his arms and squeezing the daylights out of her. It makes Dean smile. Callie whines but hugs him back.
But when he opens the door, the lights are out and it’s quiet again. He finds Dean in bed, breathing already slow and deep. It’s barely 7:08. Something about this starts to scare Cas.
Cas nodded. “I don’t know what to do, Anna. I shouldn’t
Dean quirks a curious brow. “Can’t really imagine wanting anything besides this.” He fingers dig a little deeper into Cas’s hips as if to make a point.
“Yeah and you tried to poison me with all your teas.” Cas scowls. “I tried to kiss you and you freaked out so hard you knocked the cup of the floor.”
Dean pushes the mask away. “You said it was... your favorite place. And... you haven’t been...since... we started dating. I... wanted to... surprise you.”
*****
They stay near the outside, not really interested in sharing this moment with their classmates. It’s awkward at first, neither sure where to put their hands until Cas finally decides to wrap around Dean’s shoulders and Dean’s arms naturally fall around Cas’s waist.
“No, Dean, it’s okay.” Cas took a deep breath and when he exhaled, all of his fury was gone. “It’s okay. We needed to have this talk. Anna said it would give me closure and she was right.” He laughed bitterly. “I feel…better. Maybe I had always hoped deep down that when this finally happened, it would end a different way. But maybe we just need to face that… we weren’t meant to be. And that’s okay.”
“Balthazar,” Dean mumbles. “Don’t remind me.”
“Thanks for coming to the game today,” Dean says quietly. “It meant a lot.”
Dean is still for several moments, watching Cas as he paces around the room, waits a little while more to make sure Cas is truly finished. His shoulders sag and he starts gesturing toward the chair across the room which holds his clothes.
The scowl turn into unimpressed disappointment. “Really?”
“Oh, save it, Dean,” Cas cut him off. “I don’t want to hear your bullshit right now. I won’t remember it anyway. Can I leave, please?” Cas gestured at the door.
Cas wants to tell him to call off, just stay with him. He knows he has some questions to ask, needs to find out what the hell Dean’s been up to but that all falls to the back burner as he’s hit with just how much he’s missed this man holding him right now.
“Oh. Okay.”
Cas laughs and rolls his eyes. “I said I was pregnant not bitten by a radioactive spider.” He sighs, hands coming to rest on his lower stomach. It’s still flat as a board but Dean can see the wistful twinkle in his eye and he imagines what it will look like months from now. “I’m happy. Like really, really happy.”
“Awesome,” Dean beams. “I’m gonna go shower. Might start looking at some places Cas should consider for the move. I know he lived here but it’s been awhile and the neighborhoods have changed.” He takes another long pull from his beer and turns to leave. “Man, I can’t believe this is happening.”
“Wait, Cas,” Deanna starts.
“Feels better than that to me,” Deanna murmurs back. She pecks Cas on the lips and looks over toward the school. “We should probably go to the dance now before everything shuts down.”
Charlie's brows drew together. “How about, ‘I don’t agree?’ Or ‘You’re the only person I want to be with.’ Or ‘That’s a load of bullshit, I’m sorry for being a mega asshole, I still love you, please let me prove it to you.’ Simple.”
Cas looks absolutely horrified. “I can’t just bring mistletoe to Dean’s. That will look so… obvious.”
Dean scoffs. “Please, as if the flu could catch me. I’m just tired. But all this craziness should end soon. I’m sorry for missing out on your breakfast.”
Dean cleans the cut on Cas’s foot and bandages it. Once he’s done, he pulls Cas to his feet and Cas is amazed at how easy and natural it feels to just fall into Dean’s body and kiss him.
“You have to answer, Dean,” Garth sings.
She wrinkles her nose. “That’s like… forever.”
Too quickly, Dean is pulling away and he starts coughing. Cas startles to attention and guides the mask to Dean’s face who sucks in a few shaky breaths. Cas stands to remove his own coat and shoes and then settles himself back in the bed, nestling into Dean’s side and resting his head on his shoulder. Dean tilts his head on top of Cas’s and clutches their hands together.
Cas laughed despite his watering eyes. “Why is this happening?”
Cas snorts and rolls her eyes. “It’s masquerade, Deanna. It’s the most overdone theme of them all.”
“Yeah, Cas, I can’t believe you’d let him go after that,” Dorothy jokes and reaches for her drink.
There was a brief moment of silence before Balthazar drawled, “So are you actually going to make me ask what it is?”
They eat for a while and Dean teases Cas for his pancakes with vegan butter.
Dean perked up at the sound of Cas’s voice. Cas was still staring into his beer, but his hold had tightened. “What?”
It was all he could do not to moan as Cas walked toward them and Dean could see the smooth column of this throat and his a few inches of his chest where the top two buttons of the shirt sat open. The simple dark colors made Cas’s eyes practically glow and he was smiling brilliantly and Dean just couldn’t handle all of it.
“Dean, what are you talking about? I’ve never expressed an interest in kids.”
“Love you too,” Cas calls back and then Dean is gone.
“Is Cas still coming?” Charlie asked.
He thinks Cas will always be the exception. And he knows somehow, without being told, that he’ll always be Cas’s.
“Sorry, Tin Man, didn’t mean to embarrass you,” Dean teases and pulls far enough away from Cas to move his food to safety.
The walk to his bedroom felt like miles. Cas closed the door behind him and fell into his bed, heart in pieces once again. But he wouldn’t cry. Cas refused to cry over this. Not again.
“Extra?” Cas inches closer to peer into the bags. “Like what?”
“Don’t lie to me, Castiel. I’m your sister.”
Cas shot him a cold look. “Shut up. Lift your hips.”
“Cas, not everyone is as into Christmas as you.”
“Really?” Sam asked, far too much excitement in his voice. “What did he want?”
Cas blinks and looks up at Dean, a little dazed. “I’m sorry, what?”
When his lips finally land on Cas’s, Cas fists his hands into Dean’s shirt, slipping underneath so he can feel the heat of Dean’s stomach. Dean kisses him slowly and sensually, savoring each second and wishing so badly they could make it last forever.
“I felt someone grab my ass just now,” Dean says, his eyes darting around suspiciously.
“Leave it!” Brady calls from the bedroom.
The call ends and Dean starts assembling the burgers, layering each one with cheese, tomato, caramelized onions, and his special garlic mayonnaise. “Wait, does Callie like cheese?” he asks, his hands freezing as he contemplates. “It’s just gouda but I can use like a light cheddar or a— Cas?” He turns when there’s no response and finds Cas staring at him, stack of plates in his hands. “Cas? Did you hear me?”
Cas went to fetch a trash can from the bathroom. He got a second glass of water and some Tylenol and put them on the bedside table.
Cas doesn’t know why it fuels him panic but he feels like his heart is trying to tear its way out of his chest.
Dean and Callie wander into the front lobby, steps echoing off the squeaky clean floors. Dean turns the brochure over and skims through it. “Anything you’re particularly excited to see?”
Dean’s smile is back tenfold as he says, “Cas is coming back.”
“Long night?” Dean asks.
Brady’s scent spikes with something sweet when Dean whispers in his ear and he can feel the beta shivering in his hold.
“I think…” Cas starts and loses her voice for a moment. “Uh, I think it’s someone asking me to prom.”
The living room is eerily quiet this time of night and dark aside from glow of the Christmas tree. He doesn’t dare turn on the overhead lights or else he’s sure to be ambushed by two pairs of little feet dashing dashing down the stairs. The dark and quiet usually don’t bother him so much. In fact, he used to find it quite romantic, sitting in the twinkling white lights, listening to nothing but the wind outside and falling snow if they were lucky. But that was when he had someone sitting beside him, lost in the mess of last-minute gift wrapping and staging a believable Santa visit.
He picks up his pen and bends over the reports again.
Lisa holds her arms out and they hug. “Hanging out with Cas?” she asks as Dean pulls back and reaches for the door to the restaurant.
Cas sighed. “I’m sure it will be fine. We’re there for Sam. Dean and I can get through one night together for Sam.”
“Yes, well, you didn’t leave me much of a choice sending this one after me,” Cas said.
He listened as the two went about sorting the groceries. Sam would ask where something went and Jess would answer, they would bump into each other and giggle, drawers and doors would open and shut, soft murmurs and the sounds of sweet kisses.
Dean smiles. God, he’ll be an absolute nightmare.
“Good afternoon, class,” she greets in a peppy voice. “My name is Donna Hascum and I will be guiding you through these exciting next few weeks as you prepare to embark on the life-changing journey of childbirth.”
Finally, Gabe grins. “So telekinesis, huh? Pretty cool gift, Cassie.”
Dean shrugged and took another swig. “Nothin’.”
Cas is eight months now and beautiful as ever. A little grumpier at times, but nothing Dean can’t manage. In fact, he finds there’s nothing he loves more than pampering his omega.
“Sure, man, shoot.”
“Oh, uh, Cas this is Kara,” Dean introduces. “Kara, this is Cas. A, uh, an old friend.” He wraps his arm around Kara’s waist and Cas tries to breathe through the gravel in his chest.
Castiel didn’t handle stress well. Never had. He got all clammy, his heart beat painfully against his chest, he couldn’t form a coherent thought and he became irrationally reclusive.
“I think I can get you caught up,” Cas whispers.
“Hard to believe someone as gorgeous as you doesn’t have someone special,” Dean whispers, drawing Cas’s attention again.
“Yoga mats?” Dean asks, brow furrowed. He looks to Cas. “Did she say yoga mats?”
“Exhausted.”
“Uh, kind of last second to be asking someone, don’t you think?”
Dean gnaws on his bottom lip.
“-and what they need during this-”
Dean’s body swoons, his body half and top half not finding the same center of gravity, and Cas wraps an arm around his waist to steady him. It brings Dean’s face really close to Cas’s neck and he can’t help the deep breath he takes. A thunderstorm fills his nostrils and strikes through his body like lightning. Uh-oh.
Dean’s stomach clenched. He looked at Cas again, watched as he talked to Jess and Dorothy, articulating something with hands. “What do I even say?”
Dean swallows roughly. “Because we haven’t talked in over two years and it’s been killing me and I don’t want this to be the last time we see each other.” Deans says it all at once until he’s breathless. Cas just blinks. “Truth or dare?”
“Oh no, no, no, hold up,” Victor says through his laughter. “We need to know who the lucky person was!”
“Duty calls,” Dean says.
There’s a confusing catch in Cas’s chest as he starts to lean back into Dean’s heat. They touch and he feels almost electrocuted, like his body is hyper aware of every point of contact he’s sharing with the alpha and it makes little sense. The two have touched before but Cas doesn’t remember feeling so conscious of it.
The words settle in the middle of the room and its like all the joy and easiness that had been there just moments ago was pushed out. Vanished.
“Oh, shit, Cas!”
Dean, on the other hand, has burnt half the damn crepes and his hands won’t stop shaking.
“Yes, I’ll see—” Cas began when he noticed Sam’s jacket still hanging on the back of his chair. “Oh, wait, Sam—”
Dean grimaces and moves his lips up to the bolt of Brady’s jaw. “I know, babe. But Cas doesn't have any other friends or family in the area. It shouldn’t take long though. I’m just taking her to Cas then I’ll be back and we can… have some us time.”
“‘Morning, sweetheart,” Dean says and kisses the top of his head. “Whatcha got cooking in here?”
Cas coughed into his water, eyes bulging as he opened his mouth and struggled to decide on what to say. “Y-you shouldn’t have been snooping through my bathroom drawers!”
Once again, Cas was supporting all of Dean’s weight as he pulled the man closer to the headboard. He wiggled him around until he could get the blanket over Dean’s body.
Cas’s scent is all around him and it likes the more aroused he becomes, the thicker Cas’s scent gets. He sucks in a deep breath, trying to fill himself with the familiar rainstorm and spicy pine, lets it race through his body and his cock jumps in his hand. He imagines Cas, his big blue eyes dark with lust, his cheeks and neck all red, chest panting, body quivering. He thinks about what Cas would do if he were here under different circumstances, watching Dean touch himself and drowning in his scent. How he would touch Dean, a big hand on his thigh, another carding gentle fingers through his hair. How he would use his deep gravelly voice to encourage Dean, panting in his ear,
He can’t see the expression on Cas’s face, can only see the shadow of his hand moving against his thigh as he nervously grapples with the material. Dean definitely fucked this up.
By the time Cas is open Dean feels like he’s been on edge for hours. He takes a moment to calm himself, kissing up Cas’s throat and tasting the salt on his skin. Cas arches up into him, whining for something. “Dean, please.”
But Cas felt nothing.
“And what did you say?”
Cas smiled.
“Oh. And how is Cas doing?”
Dean bows his head. “I can’t apologize enough, Cas-”
“Me? Yeah, of course,” Dean says.
“Yeah, it is,” Dean says, smile returning softly. “It really, really is.”
“You’re changing the subject.”
Cas has been in the city a few days now but they hadn’t managed to see each other between Dean’s crazy work schedule and Cas trying to settle into a new home, plus get Callie enrolled in school, and report to his new job. It was a crazy time, but his body didn’t seem to understand, buzzing with impatience.
“Well then, what the fuck is it?”
“Better?”
Dean laughs. “Okay, second best news.”
Cas’s nostrils flared. Dean saw it and chuckled to himself. “You did—you did the thing… with the nostrils. Always did tha when y’er mad. Always s’cute.”
“Oh my god, oh my god, are you serious?” She pulls the hat out and just holds it in front of her, jaw dropping.
Cas had been ready to unleash an unholy rage on his young siblings. But as Dean stood there holding his hand, he figured the outcome had been good enough to let it go. For the time being.
“Or course not, babe,” she laughs then turns to Cas with a conspiring smile. “I just want a a little dirt.”
“Told ya. Wan’ed ta see ya,” Dean said. He began wondering around the apartment again.
They wander into the kitchen where Dean digs into the large plate of Christmas cookies while Cas pulls leftovers from the fridge. They both settle on a stool and Cas steals the cookies from Dean in exchange for a plate of real food and he watches with an absurd amount of bliss as he husband eats.
She adds the rune with a smile.
Dean’s arms tighten around him. “I had to pull more than a few strings but every single one was worth it,” he says and kisses the side of Cas’s head. “To be here with you.”
There’s a long silence where they can hear nothing except the dialogue from the movie playing in the next room. Dean stares at his best friend, too many thoughts tumbling in his head for him to formulate a full sentence.
As quietly as possible, Cas gets ready for bed and joins in his boyfriend under the covers. He wriggles in behind Dean which is nice and toasty and he kisses the back of Dean’s neck. Dean is a notoriously light sleeper and would usually stir awake enough at this point to turn over and hug Cas to his chest, slur out a “g’night, sweetheart” before knocking back out.
The decorations in Cas’s hands start to tremble.
Cas checked on him that night when he got home. “Dean, I’ve told you this isn’t a cold. You have the flu and you need to go to the hospital.”
“I’ll see you soon, Dean,” Cas says with a chuckle and hangs up.
“You saw me?” Cas asks.
Dean tingles under Cas’s touch and he grins. “Damn right,” he purrs, eyes dropping to Cas’s lips and Cas starts to lean in. “But first…” Dean reaches behind Cas and pulls the abandoned mistletoe from the counter. “I want to look at this!”
“Truth or dare?” Dean asks.
Dean’s already watering eyes had just welled up further as he choked out, “Thanks, Cas.”
“Callie, let’s go,” Cas says sharply from behind.
Cas’s laugh turns into a snort and he covers his mouth before swatting at Dean’s arm. He sends the doctor an apologetic look. “I apologize for my friend.”
Cas laughs but there’s no humor. “Pretty sure that still makes me the problem. I just... I’m so tired of trying.”
“Any plans for the rest of the day?” he asks as they start toward their cars.
“Dean, come on!”
“What’s going on, Dean?”
Dean’s hand comes to cup Cas’s chin then, tilting his head back, and he stares into Cas’s eyes. “I’ve wanted to kiss you for so long, Cas,” he says and he looks at Cas’s lips again. “I’ve always wondered what they’d feel like.” His thumb circles over the corner of Cas’s mouth, a gentle but Earth-shattering touch. “Can I feel them now, Cas? Please?”
“Thank you, ma- Mildred.”
“Now, I want the alphas to sit behind their omega, bracing your partner between your legs,” she says coolly.
“It set in pretty late then,” Cas comments.
It takes a moment for the implication to really sink in and then Dean’s eyes are widening.
“A witch?” Anna supplies.
The day of their graduation, they share their first kiss in two years, six months, and seven days. Every touch to follow is slow and calculated but desperate and revered.
The sickness stirs the second he stills.
“I still don’t think this is a good idea,” he said as they exited the apartment.
All hopes of that were shot to hell around noon when Cas got a call from Bobby that Dean passed out while under someone’s car.
“Good morning, sunshine,” Dean greets from the kitchen as Cas barrels out of the bedroom.
“You know, you two should come over for dinner some time. I’d really like you to meet Brady, get to know each other.”
Cas glances at the clock on the wall and sure enough it’s nearing one in the morning. “I hadn’t realized how late it was.”
Sam thought that warranted an emergency. He fumbled through his keys to find the extra he had to Dean’s apartment.
Cas follows after him with the rest of the evidence from their makeshift Santa’s shop and they stash everything in the hall closet. Dean picks up the baseball bat with a grin and puts it up as well.
“What are you doing this summer, Charlie?”
“What’s wrong?” she demanded as they sat.
Mary makes a sympathetic sound. “I can only imagine. Dee’s been out there all day working on a ramp or something.”
It’s not that Dean’s never had a crush before, but with his looks and personality they never had to wait long before something came of it (i.e. Lisa, Tessa, Anna, even Cassie from sixth grade — that one had stung for reasons Cas had been too young to understand).
Cas is back there with the donor. Possibly having sex.
In no world should someone as amazing as Cas leave a bad date feeling that it’s what he deserves...
Dean leans against the ladder, tilts his head up toward the sky and Cas practically quivers with how absolutely unfair it is. “No sweat. Not like I had anything better to do anyway.” He flashes Cas a smile. “Besides, I know how excited you are to finally get to do this.”
Whatever is left of Dean’s heart shatters. His eyes strain with tears and he can’t hold them back. But he can brush Callie’s away gently, offer his most comforting smile. “Hey, it’s okay, sweetheart. Listen. I have to go away for awhile. But Daddy is going to take care of you just like always. You have to listen to him, okay?”
No, alfredo always made his stomach hurt.  Chicken parmesan—
“Shit, that was today?” Charlie groans. “I’ll have to give her two gifts next time I see her.” At Dean’s impatient look she smiles impishly. “But that’s not as important. Please continue.”
When Dean looks up the expression on Lisa’s face is unreadable. “So you… go to all of the classes with him?” she asks.
He hurries toward the Impala, eager to escape the cold and the sorrow burning inside him. He shouldn’t still feel this way. He should be over all this; the feelings, the lingering hopes. There’s just no point in letting it get him down anymore.
“No, I’m not okay,” he snapped, all traces of laughter suddenly gone. “I’m fucking pissed. I’m fucking furious with you and I would really like to punch you in the face right now but that would be very rude.”
“That’s my toy!” Cas shouts, pointing at the figurine still in the other boy’s hand. “You stole my toy! My big brother says stealing make you a thief!”
Dean’s chest shakes again with short laughter. “Yeah, Cas. You waited a year to talk. Pretty sure I can make it a few months.”
“Who was that?” Cas asks.
Dean’s entire face turns red as the memories that flood his brain when Cas names them all. Cas leans into the counter and laughs and Dean pouts at him. “Shut it and help me plate this food. They’re going to need energy after their jousting tournament.”
“You ever try talking to him? Seeing if you could work things out?” Benny tries again.
Cas sheds his jacket and follows Dean to the kitchen, the only room Dean had had full control of. Brady isn’t much of a cook.
“Making out with someone somewhere,” Cas says, waving his hand toward the locker rooms. “Said it was one of her last chances to finally get through the sad art kids before they go discover what a personality is.”
Dean opens the fridge and pulls out a beer. “Yeah. Cas and his daughter, Callie.”
The laugh hurts but Dean swallows it down and smiles. “It can be whatever you want it to be.”
Cas wasn’t sure how long they were out there, but after a while the booze started to hit his bladder.
Cas smiled warmly. “I can’t believe you saw that on my computer. I thought I was being sneaky.”
Daddy says it means trusting your nature to show you how to love them.
A gentle gloved hand strokes under his chin to life his face back up and Cas’s breath stutters as he looks into Dean’s beautiful eyes. “I don’t think anyone could ever forget you, Castiel Novak.”
“Dean,” he whines, crawling over Dean’s body and settling in his lap.
Because he may not remember anything happening between him and Cas but now that the seed has been planted — How long did you think you could hide that she’s your child? — the idea that Callie could be his… it felt right. Too right for him to not investigate. He needed answers. And there’s only one person he can think of who might have them.
“It was good seeing you, Sam,” Cas said, staring at the pencil on his desk. “Thank you for the key.”
Cas frowns. “I’m not going with anyone.”
Dean sighs, energy rushing through him as if he hadn’t just finished a twelve-hour shift and the restaurant. “Dude this is the best news I’ve gotten in months. I-I… I’ve missed you, man.”
They finish stringing the lights around the house and Dean climbs down from the ladder, eyes bright and nose pink. It nearly takes Cas’s breath away as he’s reminded yet again how otherworldly beautiful his best friend is.
“Well, good. He’s being a complete grouch tonight.” Jess rolled her eyes. “C’mon, let’s get you a drink and go mingle.”
“C-Claire!” Cas sputters.
“What’s all the fuss about?”
“We’re moving back to Chicago.”
Cas looked down at the table. “It’s mostly for work. There’s this temple in western India that I’ve always wanted to see. I-I’ve been planning this trip for a while.”
Cas sighs. “I don’t think I’m going to go at all.”
“I was told you were destroying things and thought I’d check in.”
Dean's alpha cries out but he keeps his face neutral.
Dean pulls off the nipple to nuzzle at Cas’s neck. “I know, sweetheart. Me too. Just want it to be special.”
He was right, of course. The doctor had actually declared Dean out of rejection two weeks ago but kept Dean a few more days to let him adjust. Medically, Dean should be able to go up to Cas, wrap him in a big hug, and be totally fine. But Dean knew better. Cas might be out of his system now but Dean will never get him out of his head. Or his heart.
Brady nods and sips his wine. “The city planner is putting us through the ringer.”
Cas’s smile was small, almost trembling. “I want you to be happy too.” He reached over and took Dean’s drink. It was gone in one swallow.
“That’s exactly what you do on full moons.”
“Do you regret it?” Cas turns then and he looks scared and braced for a blow.
“It didn’t go well.” Another statement.
God, he was going to get himself killed.
“I stopped asking for that a long time ago after what you said to Lisa,” Dean says and wriggles his brows. “But for real, I think you two will get along. And I need the two most important men in my life to at least know each other.”
“Doesn’t mean we can’t fix it, sweetheart.”
“What do you think, Dean?”
“You just… seemed upset there for a minute. You and Lisa okay?”
In the end, it didn’t feel like Cas had much of a choice. He was fairly certain that if he hadn’t called the shot Dean would have in time.
One of Dean’s eyebrows curved toward his hairline. “You had lunch with Sam?”
Cas’s eyes snapped to Dean but the man was still staring at the house.
They get their nails done and then her mom hovers around while Cas has her makeup done because lord knows she could never be trusted to do this shit herself.
Dean listens intently, his smile slowly growing into something far more genuine. He leans back and strokes his beard, looking pensive. “That shouldn’t be too difficult. I’ll do my best.”
At the question, one of Cas’s hands drops from the newspaper to his lower stomach and rubs in a gentle circle. “Wonderful. We just went in for our twenty-four-weeks check-up. Everything looked great.”
“Yes,” Cas didn’t bother denying.
Honey and rain. Blue eyes. Chocolate hair.
“No- I mean- I wanted to uh...” he trails off, hand rubbing his neck again.
“I’m worried about Dean. I realize you need help filling in while Benny’s away but Dean hasn’t had a day off in almost two weeks and I’m afraid it’s taking a toll on him. Isn’t there anyone else who can help pick up these shifts?”
“Fine. Nervous. I’ve never been to India. But it looks so beautiful. And I’m excited about my research.”
Jess had the kitchen table set up for the five of them. She was scooping lasagna onto each plate when Dean and Charlie walked in. She smiled at Charlie before her eyes shot to Dean and froze over.
“Well, good morning, sunshine,” Dean chirps with obvious surprise when he sees Cas wander in slowly. He pours coffee into his travel mug before swinging around to kiss Cas’s temple. “What’s got you up so early? I don’t think I’ve ever seen you conscious before 7 a.m.”
“Can someone pass the bread?” Cas asks meekly.
Callie fights her way through the thick of adults and this time Dean ducks in time to catch her in his arms. She squeezes him close like she never wants to let him go and Dean returns the sentiment.
Maybe Dean was ready for the longing and waiting to end, but his heart wasn’t quite there yet. That just made the hold Cas has over him seem that much more pathetic.
Dean snorts and glances around the gym. “Hopefully somewhere with her friends forgetting who the came with.”
The sincerity in Cas’s voice almost hurts. It always does, just a little. “It’s not a big deal.”
For a hot second, Dean feels dizzy. Cas's words are clicking into place and Dean sees where they're leading but it's like the final destination is still blurry. Because it makes no goddamn sense. Unless...
Because Cas is saying that he never knew. That all those times Dean thought he was being obvious and brave, Cas was completely clueless. That Cas hasn’t been rejecting Dean all this time. He never knew Dean was interested. And it kind of sounds like... Cas has been interested.
Behind Dean there’s a shout and they both look over to see Gabe trying to dodge an impromptu performance of “All I Want for Christmas.”
Cas doesn’t hide his disappointment very well and Dean feels bad because he wants to spend time with his friend too, but he’s got a boyfriend at home. “Oh, yeah. Sure. I understand.”
“I’ll try to ease up,” she promises, looking at the floor. Which could really use a good waxing. She’ll bring that up with the custodian on Monday.
The only way Dean had survived this last year was by denying all the shitty things he had done to Cas. He didn’t want to think or remember all of the horrible things he had done and said to the man he claimed to love. The man he would deny still loving.
“But so are you!”
“Are you okay, Dean?”
Cas nods her head. They’re still not looking at each other and she feels ridiculous. “Well, that’s good. I’m glad.”
The silence that follows is awkward to he point of being painful and Dean kind of wants to throw himself in the trashcan.
Dean smiles. “Both.”
— plan to tell him how you feel?”
Jo ran to the other end of the bar. She disappeared into the crowd.
Dean jerks away, startling Cas as he sways on his feet. “What?”
Dean is still kind of dizzy from the onslaught of questions.
“How about you wash, I dry?” Dean proposes.
“Cas? Everything okay?”
The table got quiet.
“Dean?” Charlie asks and he feels a gentle hand on his knee.
Claire’s smile is small but sincere. “Thanks, Santa!” She hugs him tight before jumping off and running to the other side.
Cas leaned back in his chair. “Yes.”
Daddy smiles and says there’s never been a scent that could make him as happy as
Dean narrows his eyes. “Funny. Explain Sam.”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, finally closing the door and trying to ignore the sickness. “Yeah, we had a good time.”
“I’m right here, sweetheart,” Dean tells him softly.
The morning smells like bacon and fresh strawberry syrup. Callie had the honor of choosing breakfast and had decided to put Dean through his paces with a crepes buffet. She was helping to mix some of the fillings while he oversaw all stove operations.
Behind Anna, the whirring of the mixer stops and she hears Cas approach. “Did you bring everything I asked for?”
Like Cas said, he had to give his ID to the receptionist who verified him. He can’t help but lift a brow at how easy it is.
“Try to move something,” Gabe says. “With your mind.”
“When are you going to tell Cas how you feel?” Anna elaborates.
For some time, they continue kissing and touching, happy to just familiarize themselves with the bodies they’ve longed after for so long. But slowly, clothing is lost, distributed across the floor piece by piece, and new territory is bared for careful exploration and worship.
“What are you doing here, Dean?” Cas asked, perhaps a little more irritation than he had intended slipping through his tone.
Dean winces, because damn. This is a lot worse than he thought. “Yeah, I realize how fucked up that was now. I guess when you said that you deserved all that bad stuff that kept happening to you, I wanted to prove you wrong?” There’s a hurricane of nerves tearing through Dean’s body and he really can’t tell if he’s going to be sick or have a heart attack. “But tricking you into a date was wrong. I’m sorry.”
“They were supposed to be a surprise but I went and picked up those cinnamon rolls you like while I was getting our dinner last night,” Dean says as he opens the oven door and the apartment is flooded with cinnamon and butter.
Something fired up in Dean when he saw Cas naked on the bed they used to share. He pinned Cas to the mattress with his body, hands interlocked over their heads.
Callie sighs and disappears back into the cushions as she says, “If you could be my other dad.”
“Yes!” he shouts. He’s well fucking aware — to the point that he can barely stand to be in his own body. “But think about it, Charlie. Callie looks just like me.”
Cas’s heart was breaking and he didn’t know what to do. His instinct was to reach out to Dean but he knew the man wasn’t ready to accept comfort yet. He still couldn’t even look at Cas.
Deanna stops moving and reaches out for Cas to stop her. “Why?” she asks, and it almost sounds desperate.
It’s the most Deanna response Cas has ever heard.
Dean shrugs, trying to give away as little as possible. “Biology is weird, man.”
Anna smiles then, small and sharp and almost threatening and Cas has the eery suspicion that he’s just fallen perfectly into a trap.
He can feel the siblings regarding each other. “How long have he and Cas known each other?”
When they got to the bar, Gabe shook him off. “Would you stop? People are going to think we’re together and if I leave this party alone I’m going to smash one of your bee dolls.”
Those first few months had been some of the scariest of Sam’s life. He had never seen Dean so destroyed. And the worst part, for Sam, was having no way to fix it because Dean had been the one to set the detonator off on himself.
Dean’s about to suggest that Cas goes first — because he knows Cas won’t be interested in sharing news with him after what Dean has to say. And if Dean also wants to buy himself a few more minutes with his best friend? Sue him.
Dean couldn’t help the little huff of offense. “Jesus Christ, Anna, I know you think I’m a dick, and you have every reason to, but I did love the man.”
At that moment Dean is hit with the scent of Cas’s slick and Cas reaches for his hand, pushing it around to his ass where he can feel the wet spot through his pajama pants.
Unfortunately, when Cas got home he had nothing else to distract himself with. He had already cleaned and he didn’t have any work to do. His exams were written, finalized. There were no essays or small assignments to grade.
“I’m sure she’ll be here,” Charlie consoles. “She’s not one to miss a good party. Hey, you gonna go meet that mystery person?”
He had never heard back from Charlie or Sam. He still didn’t know what had happened to Dean and it was eating away him. He just wanted to know if he was hurt. What if they had to take him to the hospital? Would they even tell him?
Cas stomach clenched. “Like shit.”
“If you get drunk before we even get the games out, Charlie will kill you,” Jo teases as she breezes toward the fridge and puts her six-pack inside.
Benny looks down at the carryout box and laughs. “Good point. I’ll see you Sunday.”
“Move on?” Gabe asks. “What do you mean?”
He can’t help but sneer at the TV where the game is paused. “
It’s not that Dean has necessarily tried to hide his feelings for Cas over the years. In fact, he’s been more obvious about his crush on his roommate than he’s ever been with any former partners. Maybe he hasn’t said it in so many words but... actions speak louder right?
"Yeah, but-"
“No,” Cas says with all the finality he can muster. “I’m not a witch.”
only to find that he really doesn’t give a shit he just wants to-
“Wait, Dean.” Cas grabbed his wrist before Dean could move. He looked into blue eyes that looked at uncertain as he felt. Then Cas said, “It’s late. You should stay here. You can sleep on the couch or you can… you can sleep with me.”
But Dean is just quiet for a moment. His hands fall from Cas and Cas immediately misses their warmth. “Why would you try to use a lust spell on me? I thought you couldn’t do magic.”
“Let’s go home, babe.”
Dean had known Cas and Balthazar were going away this weekend, he’d just assumed Callie would go with them. But he also gets why they’d wanted to have time alone. It’s been five months since they had their first date and they’ve been seeing each other steadily ever since. It was a tough pill for Dean to swallow at first and he’d admittedly been less than friendly when he’d first met the other alpha in person. But Cas was clearly happy so Dean just resigned himself to the inevitable and elected to dedicate all of his time and focus to Callie whenever he had to be around all three of them. It didn’t hurt that Callie herself seemed to prefer Dean to Balthazar, which he noted with great smugness.
They spend five beautiful days wandering around the historic cities. Cas takes Dean to all sorts of little shops and cafes and restaurants. He makes Dean eat all sorts of chocolates and fights tooth and nail to drag Dean into a sauna only to basically have to carry the man out. They make love for hours that night, Cas clinging to Dean for all he’s worth as Dean fills him repeatedly and whispers sweet and filthy words into Cas’s ear that have him absolutely mewling with pleasure.
She leads him to the kitchen next, her arm caught in his, and they walk at a comfortable pace for her.
Dean smirks as he bites into his sandwich, and shakes his head. “You’re really sticking with that name?”
“They seem a little worried about what all the snowmen and reindeer with do to their reputations.”
“Only in spirit,” she says and collapses on the couch. “So to what do I owe this unannounced visit?”
“If you’ll excuse me,” he says cockily, switching off the stove, “I gotta tend to that there yonder buckaroo.”
“Gabriel, we both know perfectly well that this is impossible. I’m not-”
He tries to think but it’s really hard with all the alcohol in his system and his whole body shaking because he can’t stop imagining the look on Cas’s face when Dean tells him he ruined this just like he ruins everything and how Cas is going to chop his dick off as payback and Dean can’t even be mad.
Dean grins and tries to keep his focus on the papers he’s grading. Cas kisses his neck, warm lips wandering up toward his ears. He pulls the lobe between his teeth and nibbles, making Dean’s breath catch.
Cas settled on his side, facing Dean, and for several minutes they did nothing but stare.
“The hell I can’t! I love you like a son, but you put yourself and others in danger today and I ain’t havin’ it.”
“Cas?” Dean calls after him.
Dean lifts the box — and nearly dies — and carries it to the nursery, setting it down where Cas commands. They cut the box and Dean removes the pieces, organizing them around the room. He fetches a few cushions and helps Cas settle on them so he can help unwrap things and put some of the smaller pieces together while Dean assembles the frame.
Cas followed Gabe into the apartment. “What are you doing here, Gabe?”
Cas nods. “Next Friday, actually. I’m quite excited. It’s my first one in a while.”
These are the moments he starts to wish he would have a partner, someone who would have his back and help him through the hard times while appreciating the good ones.
“Cassie!” Gabriel greeted with a bright smile. “It’s about time you answered! I was beginning to think you had broken a hip or something. Might have to get you Life Alert.”
Dean reached the base of Cas’s neck, right where it met his shoulders and he bit. The moan it stirred from Cas was deep and long and brought his head back around. Dean smirked into his skin and continued his journey down Cas’s body with his mouth, every now and then nudging his knee up between Cas’s legs to draw a broken gasp from the man.
Cas thinks about dating, even gets a Tinder. But nothing comes of it because he can’t help but compare everyone he talks to to Dean and accepting that he had the perfect guy and threw him away is a hard pill to swallow.
Anna just nodded, confirming her suspicions. “Cas doesn’t realize that it’s getting to him too. He probably just thinks it's because you showed up. But he’s been acting weird since April began. Eating and sleeping less, burying himself in work. Lots of cleaning.” She looked around the apartment. “He cleaned yesterday. I can smell the Pine-Sol.”
Dean swallowed roughly. “Fair point.”
It’s everything she could want and and for whatever reason today she has it.
“What did you do?” Sam demanded. “Are you okay?”
“You need to eat something,” Sam said while nosing around the kitchen.
“Who the hell is that?” Jess demanded the second the two were out of earshot.
There’s nothing left to say but, “Bye, Cas.”
He almost looks embarrassed as he says it and it makes Dean smile. He leans over and kisses Cas’s cheek. “Me too. So what’s this one? There’s two.”
It kills Dean. He never wanted to hurt Cas, never wanted his love for his friend to be a burden and that’s exactly what it’s turned into. But he knows he has to finish this, to protect Cas and Callie from a future that neither of them wants or deserves.
Dean draws his fingers over Cas’s hips in a slow circle. “Not even a little.”
“But in some weird, fucked up way… I’m glad you did it.”
“I take it sad art boy and his friends managed to sneak something in?” Cas asks.
“That don’t make what happened today okay,” Bobby said as he entered the room.
Wildfire rushes through Dean and he’s hard in an instant, mouth gone dry. “Thrusting,” he echoes and his voice is low, deep in his chest.
“You okay, Cas?”
And what a ridiculous question was that. He laughed loudly and cruelly, laughed until his stomach hurt and his eyes watered. Dean just watched with confusion.
The spoon flips and darts across the room, smacking against the wall right next to Gabe’s head.
Dean took the jacket and frowned. “Why do you have Sam’s jacket?”
The dots are well and connected by now and form a line pointing straight to Cas’s shame. “This is why you told Bobby you needed extra money,” Cas whispers.
Cas quietly places his bag on the dining table and tiptoes to their bedroom. Sure enough, there’s a large mound snuggled securely under the blankets in their bed, the sound of soft snoring ebbing in the darkness.
Cas looks ready to pop off again but suddenly all the tension leaves his body. "Wait," he says, backing up a step. "You said you were in the hospital for rejection. This was the rejection? It was because of me?"
Dean looks up. Cas still isn’t facing him. “I think it’s technically my turn.”
“Yeah, thought so.” Dean moved to the fridge. He pulled out a can of Sprite and poured it into a coffee mug, then slid it across the counter to Cas.
Dean chuckles, pulling the two’s attention off each other. “Brady’s just used to the competitive side of education. All those private school nuns really did a number on you, right, babe?” he teases and nudges Brady’s shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Atta boy. Let me go pee and I’ll meet you out there.” He releases Cas’s hand moves toward the bathroom.
Lisa gives a small nod and it occurs to Dean that she went through a similar situation when she had her son, Ben. Dean forces his fists to unclench and takes a deep breath. No reason to be defensive.
That had been the moment for Dean, the first second in the grand eternity of the universe, after years of pining, where he felt like maybe Cas could love him back. And in this moment he had to do something, had to tell Cas that he felt the same.
The morning was, of course, not as effortless.
It shouldn’t be this jarring. Dean was a beautiful man, an unfairly gorgeous work of art really with the loveliest personality to match and in any other universe would surely have been snatched up and married with beautiful green-eyed and freckled babies by now. Truly, Cas has been blessed to have not had to feel this sickness in his stomach much sooner and many times over.
Cas’s mouth hangs open. “I-I- uh, I’m not- I’m not a kid…”
Cas laughs. “He’s very good looking though.”
Dean frowns at that one. “Really, Cas?”
Cas frowns and then looks down. He turns bright red. “Oh, uh, this is actually what I wanted to talk to you about. He lifts his hand so Dean can see the ring clearly. “Balthazar proposed.”
Cas’s response is a dropped jaw and some ineloquent sputtering because
Cas looks up and Dean feels cold panic because Cas looks like he’s about to cry. “Oh god, did I-”
“Oh, uh, thank you for dinner, Mr. Winchester.”
Dean frowns through another breath through his nose, catching no scents. He can’t even smell Cas thanks to the scent suppressing spray that had greeted them at the door.
“Hey.” Strong fingers grip his chin and pull his eyes into two lovely pools of blue. They’re on the verge of fire, promising trouble if not heeded. “Stop thinking about it. It wasn’t your fault.”
Cas paused to pick up the picture frame on his way to the kitchen. He didn’t dare look at the image inside it.
Dean scowls. “No, I don’t. Look, am I glad Cas is back? Hell yeah. Ecstatic even. But I was perfectly happy before he got here.”
And even though he knew it was coming Dean still feels it like a blow and terror rushes through him, turning his blood to ice. “I-I can’t do that, Charlie.”
God please, Cas wants to beg but he shakes his head knowing it would just hurt worse in the morning. “I’ll be all right.” He stands up. “Tell Kara I’m sorry for worrying her. Have a good night.”
Cas swallowed. “What do you mean?”
Dean’s begins to stroke faster, more precum easing the way. Twists his wrist a little at the tip. Make it tighter. Tight like Cas’s—
Cas’s head had shot up so fast, first looking at Dean’s face and then traveling down to the plastic bag sagging in his hand. “Roadhouse?”
Anna sighed. “I don’t know what to do with the two of you.”
Maybe he really had forgotten to grab the mistletoe when he’d left the shop. Or it could have fallen out. That had to be it because the damn thing is nowhere in sight. He’ll just swing by the lab on his way home and destroy it so everyone could pretend that this never happened.
“Okay. You guys have a good dinner. Don’t be too late.”
“Because the first time I make love to you will not be in a dirty kitchen.”
He and Cas stare at each other, the phone trilling on the counter just a few feet away. Cas’s nose crinkles. “Are you gonna get that?”
“…ass.”
“They’re not groceries, they’re Christmas decorations,” Gabe says bitterly.
Dean nods and Cas can see his shame, feels his own shame for the coil of excitement warming in his chest.
“Wait, like to prom?”
“It’s good to see you too, Jo.”
“No, I hate it!” Callie screams, drawing a crowd. “I don’t want it just like I didn’t want this stupid party!”
“The Montessori school?”
“We’re doing well. She’s as ornery and stubborn as ever. They warn you about the terrible twos but no one says anything about the insufferable sevens.”
Cas sighed. “I promised Sam and Jess that I would go out for drinks with them tonight to celebrate Sam finishing graduate school.”
“Scoot as close to your partner as possible,” Donna continues as she circles the class, observing their positions. “Omegas, you are going to lean back and your alphas will be there to support you.”
“Hey, it’s gonna be okay, I—”
“Public intoxication.”
Dean brings the cup closer with his shaky hand and can’t help but laugh a little. This is the shit Cas has to basically inject himself with later? Somewhere in this cup is Cas’s future child?
Brady groans and flops back onto the bed. “And Castiel doesn’t know anyone else in this entire city who could do it instead?”
Dean pointed to the piece of clothing draped over the back of the couch. “Dropped off your jacket.”
“Yes, because it’s so easy to get carried away by the thoughtful words and theories of drunk and exhausted college students pretending to care about the creation of the universe. My goodness, did this person really call ‘Allah’ ‘Allen?’”
“Ah yes,” Dean chuckles. “The fine witches of Lawrence, Kansas. I suppose Frosty would put a damper on the mystical aesthetic.
He looks so sad and defeated and Dean wants to argue but bites his tongue.
“Exactly!” Deanna cries. “So don’t you think you deserve to enjoy it? You did all of this, Cas.”
“I did when I was little. Had matching boots and a belt with plastic pistols. Used to run all over the house shooting at my little brother.”
Cas groans and pulls at his hair. Why did he ever do this? He wanted Dean so badly he’d thrown himself into the biggest mess he’d probably ever see in his entire life and now he was about to lose his best friend because of it.
“What happens now?”
His best friend is grabbing at his crotch, fighting some invisible force for the possession of his pants. “Cas!” he yelps, tugging the zipper back up, “what is- oh my god!” He finally manages to reclaim the zipper and pulls it up and buttons them up. When he looks at Cas, his eyes are wild with embarrassment and fear and Cas wants to die because thoughts are starting to string together-
He takes a car to the address Cas texted him. It’s about a fifteen-minute ride.
Cas watches the entire exchange from the couch. Dean catches his smile a few times, a small thing that says more than a toothy grin ever could and Dean feels warmer in the apartment than he has in the years he’s lived here.
“Dean,” Cas says on a breath.
Just as he’s putting the remote down a hand settles on his waist and he feels a warmth behind him that is becoming familiar.
“No special movies or music?” Dean tries again.
He can hear when people start moving and Dean rolls with them but keeps his eyes firmly on the mat and off of Cas basically for the rest of class.
“Dean, are you okay?”
They both look to Anna who seems lost in thought. “I’ve never heard of anyone developing their gift this late,” she admits.
Once again, Dean’s heart stopped beating. He leaned back in his chair, his appetite gone.
“Just answer the question,” she says impatiently.
Anna was stunned as Dean made his way to the door. “I can’t believe you know all of that.”
Cas almost shudders at the word, as if it’s not something he’s heard every day his entire life. “It’s not possible,” he says finally. “I’ve never shown any signs before. I’ve been tested and analyzed by every scryer and healer from here to Belfast and they’ve found nothing.”
“Nothin’ my ass. You just go around moping all day. Haven’t seen you take a lunch break in days. Ellen hasn’t seen you at the Roadhouse in over two weeks. She’s worried about you.”
But lately, they were becoming particularly deep and seemed accompanied by the inability to breathe and moments of blacking out.
Dean gasps, horrified, and brings a hand to his chest. “You wouldn’t dare harm my baby.”
Cas and Gabe faced the bar and a grin broke from Cas’s face when he saw the gaping face of Jo Harvelle.
Callie snorts and rests her face between her knees. “It’s hideous,” she groans.
“I don’t-” she starts with a gasp, “I don’t know what to say.”
Somewhere in the background the front door opens and closes and two pairs of feet squeak into the house.
Five heads turned at once toward the front door as a dark-haired man slipped inside. Dean’s mouth went dry.
Cas holds up a hand and closes her eyes, past her limit. “Please. I’m tired, Deanna. I just want to be done with it.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Because it’s your first and only high school dance. Trust me, the charm wears off by your second one.”
Sam was stunned. He had been begging for an explanation and he had always known it was related to Cas, but honestly, Sam never expected Dean to admit it. Dean was great at a lot of things but admitting his feelings wasn’t one of them. He would lie to you even if he knew that you knew he was lying.
“Or maybe this is what I deserve...”
The mousse doesn’t taste quite as sweet after that.
“No.”
“Next month,” Brady repeats, nodding his head. “Okay then. We’ll have to have them over for dinner some time, reacquaint them with the city.”
“Me?” Dean laughs and pulls himself back. “Why?”
Dean spun around. “Really, Cas? You’re gonna blame this all on me?”
Cas still sounds broken up on the phone but a lot better than the last call now that he knows his child is home safe. He thanks Dean about a hundred times and apologizes a thousand.
“But the rest of me just wants to keep you to myself,” Cas finishes even quieter, almost ashamed. He bites his lip. “Is that bad?”
Cas shrugs.
That gives Cas the strength he needs to face Dean, shock etched across his face. “Dean, w-what are you talking about? What’s happening?”
“Merry Christmas,” Dean smiles.
“I-I- the night of the insemination party. I was drunk and I-I went to your bathroom.”
He doesn’t miss the groans of distress at his announcement and just rolls his eyes as the teenagers flee his classroom.
They stare at each other for a long while. Dean has no idea what to say, figures that if anyone should have the floor it’s Cas. But the omega doesn’t say a word, just watches Dean with a look Dean can’t place and it makes him more nervous, makes him have to look away.
“It’s not like I’m trying to!” Cas protests. “But there’s only a week till prom, the theme sucks, we have no money, and everyone is counting on me to pull some grand magical night out of my ass!”
Dean freezes mid-stride in the middle of pedestrian traffic and gets his toes smashed for it. “Ow, fuck!” he hisses into the phone.
“Take care, kiddo.”
Donna watches him as he mimics his classmates, bending on his hands and knees. “Tailbone tucked, Mr. Winchester,” she says and pushes on his ass.
“I’m not saying you should go out and have crazy, rough, wall-slamming sex,” Dr. Mills says, waving a warning finger. “But if your body is craving that kind of intimacy and you take it easy, yes, it’s fine for you and your mate to have sex.”
His head snaps up and Cas is approaching him, the scent getting thicker. Dean smiles weekly and swiftly hides his lower half behind one of the large boxes.
Dean stares at the carpet like it holds the answer to turn back time five minutes and prevent this conversation from ever happening. Or maybe it could go back two years, five months, and sixteen days. Before Dean fucked everything up.
Dean blinked slowly. Everyone was watching him carefully. There was a look of understanding on Sam’s face while Dorothy and Charlie watched him with pitiful gazes. Jess had her head tilted, as if anticipating Dean’s next words.
Brady frames Dean’s face with his hands and kisses him deeply then softly. “I’ve missed you,” he breathes. “I missed this so much.”
Cas shrugs. Honestly, she doesn’t think it’s fair either, but it’s not like there’s anything she can do about it. There’s only one person she’d want to go with anyway.
“In here, babe,” Dean calls then sends a challenging look at Charlie.
Dean gives a humbled shrug. “I do what I can.”
Cas returned the embrace. “Hello, Charlie.”
Dean reached for the whiskey bottle instead, not even bothering with a glass.
Dean finds him at some point, face covered in sweat and grumpily pulling at his collar.
Dean started her up and Cas closed his eyes as powerful vibrations roared through the vehicle and her engine sang songs of long drives in the summer heat with the windows down and Zeppelin screaming from the speakers, barely drowning out the sound of Dean’s bad singing.
“Cas?”
Again, Dean shrugged. “I have a car and I’m sober.”
Dean cleared his throat. “Last year… when we were planning our anniversary vacation.” The words felt rough rolling off of Dean’s tongue. “You left a page up about some temple in India. I figured that was the real reason you wanted to go. So I did some research.”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean chimes in.
“I’m fine,” Dean starts. “For the most part. My alpha was going through rejection.”
It well past 11:00 when they finish.
Dean started the engine.
Dean wasn’t sure what time he began to doze off but when he opened his eyes the end credits were rolling. He sat up and saw that Cas had also passed out.
Anna and Gabe slip into the shop, arms loaded with bags of gaudy decorations.
“What about you? Have you decided who you’re going with?”
Cas laughs. “Be patient.”
Things started to change near the end of their junior year. That’s when the recruiters really started piling in. Dean was constantly whisked away, meeting with major league coaches, brand consultants, sponsors. Preparing him for his future at the professional level. It was an exciting and proud time for Dean. But it was also incredibly lonely for Cas who had to stay behind and wait.
“Does it really matter, Cas? I mean, he admitted it was dumb and that he regrets it. Isn’t that what’s the most important?”
Castiel was taking deep breaths to keep from crying. “I don’t understand what you’re trying to tell me.”
Callie shakes her head.
Getting his sense about him, Dean holds his hand out to shake. “It’s wonderful to meet you, ma’am.”
“Of course,” Balthazar said, the two words dripping with a fresh coat of sarcasm. “Just like you did on his birthday.”
“Callie!” Cas says as he and Dean hurry over. “Sweetheart, you don’t have to-”
“Don’ be gettin’ any funny ideas, Cas.”
“He was lying. C’mon, Cas, you know that. Dean always lies when he’s hurt.”
Sam sighs and Dean can hear the heart-to-heart coming. “Dean…”
Cas smiles because he understands. This change has felt so natural but at the same time a huge adjustment. It’s still a lot to get used to that he can touch Dean like this, look at Dean in certain ways, say things he’s had to bite his tongue on for years.
“Of course, man. You’re my best friend. I’d do anything for you and your baby.”
Dean gives his friend a comforting squeeze. “I’m gonna be okay, Cas. This is nothing to worry about.”
Cas refocuses on the spoon, imagines it flipping over or shooting off the edge and hopefully hitting one of his stubborn sibling’s in the head because he’s getting really tired of their bullsht. This is ridiculous and the damn thing is never going to move because Cas is not a-
Cas slides his hands up to cup Dean’s face. “I’m sure we can find one big enough,” he says and then kisses his husband at last.
Deanna shrugs. “Yeah. Once I get the frame done, Charlie and I are going to mold foam around it and paint it to look like stone, and I then I can just attach it to the stage. I already took the measurements.”
Together, he and Cas crouch to her level. Cas’s scent is strong with worry and a little guilt as he strokes hair from Calllie’s face and offers her a smile. “It’s okay, baby. We can go home.”
“Do you need help?”
“What’s going on, man?” Dean asks to end the awkward pause. “It’s been a while.”
Cas’s face feels hot but instead of hiding it she reaches for Deanna’s hand and gives a gentle pull. “Come on. I want to go show you off.”
Cas nodded through Jess’s little rant. “It was. But it’s okay, Jess. I’m okay. Everything is going to be okay.”
“It’s something I’ve been contemplating for a while. And when I realized we were moving back to the city I decided to give him a call so we met today.”
Even Dean seems affected through his blockers, nose wrinkling in slight distaste. “Wow that’s strong.”
He means it lightly but he sees the way Benny frowns immediately. The giant alpha puts a sympathetic hand on his shoulder. “Hey man, I know we haven’t really talked about it, but I’m sorry about how things with Brady ended up.”
There’s a knock at the front door.
He turns back around to wear Cas is standing with is arms crossed over his chest. He grins. “That offer still stand?”
Heat rushes to Cas’s face and he has to look down. “I don’t think he even remembers me anymore.”
Again, Cas just nodded.
She excuses herself from the table and makes her way outside and across the parking lot.
Dean watches as his friend Charlie chews her sandwich, her eyes closed, and smiles bemusedly. “What do you mean? And it’s jalapeno mango cheddar.”
Charlie shrugged as she shoved three of the shots into Dean’s hands. “I don’t know. It’s Cas. Ask him about Norse gods or something.”
She doesn’t look happy but she nods. “O-okay.”
Dean grabs the pan and tosses it gently, throws in a dash of salt and a pinch of red pepper before returning it to the fire for its final minutes. Over the sizzling and banging about of his kitchen, he can hear the faint whistle of swords clashing and he can feel the house shaking under the force of the small armies currently storming through the living room.
But Dean got the feeling they wouldn’t be needing those. And it was confirmed the second Cas sat across from him and he caught the omega’s scent.
Cas dug into the bags with a renewed fervor. He was a monster and a horrible friend. How could he ever have even entertained the thought of doing this Dean? Dean deserves so much better than this — so much better than someone so selfish and desperate that he would resort to magic to attack his best friend. It was cowardly and disgusting and unforgivable.
Deanna’s lips quirk at the outburst but she reigns in the smile and reaches for her friend’s hand. Cas lets her take it. “Hey, hey, I know. It’s a lot. But first, everyone knows that none of this is your fault. They know you can only to do your best with what you’ve been given, which isn’t much because Principal Crowley is a dick. And second, I think the theme is cool as fuck.”
Dean laughs and bumps his shoulder into Cas’s. “How was your meeting?” All the amusement in Cas’s face disappears and Dean frowns. “Cas? Is everything okay?”
“Who? Your dad?” She nods. “Yeah, I guess. It’s been over twelve years.”
So here he sat on the couch in Bobby’s house, freshly chastised and a bag of ice pressed to his head.
“So it was a fluke,” Cas says and his chest starts to feel lighter. “A coincidence.”
“Dessert?” Cas repeats. “What was it we’re celebrating, again?”
Being at Sam’s place helped because he wasn’t always alone to let the voices of guilt and misery eat at him. But they still existed. And they were getting worse.
He turned around with a tight smile on his face. “Yes?”
Cas doesn’t bother with music on the drive home and Dean is too scared to let his hands stray from the wheel.
“Of course, Dean, why wouldn’t I be?” Cas says and his tone seems clipped even to him.
Dean is heading out when his phone rings and shows a name he hasn’t seen in a while.
Dean tries to shake off the heat rushing through him and waves a hand at himself. “Um, it’s it obvious, Cas? Whom else would you entrust your safety of your child to?”
Anna rolls her eyes. “There will be no chanting or circle casting or incense,” she says over the two of them. “It’s really simple. You’re going to draw runes on this ribbon and then we’ll tie it to the mistletoe. You hang the mistletoe somewhere in Dean’s apartment and bam — he’ll start ripping his clothes off before you even get the tree up.”
Cas seemed surprised by Dean’s follow-up question. “My goal is to compare the temples of the north to the west and south but my focus will be on the Jain temples in Southern India.”
“Of course, Dean. I’m just glad you’re okay.” He paused, reconsidering his next question. “And, umm, yesterday… Are you okay?”
“There’s no way that’s true,” Jo says, “or else we would have known because you wouldn’t have been able to keep your big mouth shut about it.”
Her little arms wrap even tighter around his neck and hugs him close. “I have so much to tell you about school. I got to wear your hat for show-and-tell and everyone loved it. And we did a history project and Daddy helped me make a replica of a saloon and you gotta see it!”
“You liking everything, Callie?”
Dean looks down.
“You going to the game Friday?” Dean asks as he continues to eat.
He tastes like honey and clementines.
Dean shakes his head sharply. None of that.
Cas rolled his eyes. “I know. Why?”
After a few more circles, Dean sat on the couch and turned on the TV. He surfed through all of the channels, finding nothing that truly interested him. He settled on some vaguely familiar medical drama and leaned back into the cushions, ordering himself not to think about Cas.
“We were still in college and I was studying in the library,” he starts, his voice almost a whisper. “It was late and I was super tired and stressed over a chem test. I’d been a monster all week. Cranky and antisocial and just miserable to be around. I think at one point I threatened to set the Impala on fire because Dean’s alarm woke me up.” Cas laughs wistfully. “But he never lost his patience with me or got mad. He checked in on me that night and he got worried when I didn’t respond so he walked through the snow to bring me dinner.” Cas looks up, joy coursing under his skin and the affection and appreciation he feels hits Anna like a tsunami.
“And I was so mad at Dean for what he did to you. Like, so mad. I wouldn’t talk to him for weeks. And when I first saw him afterward, I slapped him. Like, slapped him across the face. Because you’re so nice, Cas. You didn’t deserve that. You’re the nicest person I know. And what he did was- it was- it was just so mean!”
They’re left alone. Cas has never felt this uncomfortable around her best friend — besides maybe during her summer of questioning and Deanna stripped right in front of her because honestly the girl has no sense of modesty.
Sitting at the table, a dark-haired man looks up from his newspaper with a big grin. “Hello, Dean.”
“It was much better written and visually appealing!” Callie argues back.
“You are the special person, dummy.” Deanna takes her other hand and squeezes them both between them. “You’re the one I wanted to ask to prom.”
“What else happened?” he asks Charlie, needing more details.
Dean laughs and gathers his supplies. “You have an extra tree?”
Cas’s long fingers tickle up his ribcage, sliding to his back and pulling his closer. “Dean,” he whispers, looking up from under his lashes.
“No shit. I meant, from that conversation. From the endless realm of ways that conversation could have gone, in your dream version, how did you want it to end? What do you want?”
“Hey, Cas.”
“You do tonight! Let’s go!” And like that, Balthazar was whisking Cas to the dance floor. Dean watched as Cas giggled uncontrollably as they found their place amongst the other dancers. Balthazar’s hands dropped to Cas’s waist.
“It’s a shit system.”
*****
The classes have become exponentially easier since getting together. Dean doesn’t feel weird about having to touch Cas or feel guilty when he gets a little hot seeing Cas in certain positions. And Cas practically came out of each class like a puddle of goo Dean had to carry to the car — apparently that’s what every omega usually left like, Cas had just been missing a key ingredient: Dean’s scent.
“Now you’re too good to bitch and moan with the rest of us?” Balthazar asked as he barged into Cas’s office.
“Oh, I’m so sorry to insult your little secret family. And don’t let me keep you from them. You’ve missed out on enough birthdays after all, haven’t you?”
And the more Dean continues to touch and kiss him, the sicker Cas feels. “Dean,” he says weakly, trying to pull away. “Dean, we can’t do this.”
“I just… I’ve been talking to my parents and they’re super excited about the baby and we were planning all this stuff and I started to realize how difficult it was going to be to raise a baby in a city like this.” Cas is rambling but Dean doesn’t have the strength to stop him. “Just… with all the chaos around here… I don’t think I want my kid to grow up in it. I want them to have a childhood like mine, I want them to have space. And it’s like you said, raising a kid on your own is really hard. If I move home, I’ll have my parents and my siblings to help, aunts and uncles.”
Dean rolls up their mats and they make their way out of the class together.
Dean doesn’t know what to say. Cas looks like he’s just had a life-changing revelation and Dean feels like he’s treading muddy water, an ocean of bad memories and self-deprecating thoughts without even a light to guide him.
, who play old people music in the middle of the night and dance in the kitchen like they’re the only two people in the world.
Cas considers prying but bites her tongue. She doesn’t need to know anymore than she already does or she’s just going to hurt herself.
“So…” he begins, trying to figure out how ask nicely but then just says fuck it, “what the fuck happened?”
Sam snorted. “Of course you don’t.” He picked up his fork and began poking at his eggs with a little more force than necessary.
“What are you doing here?” Dean asked after another quiet moment passed between them.
“So you went to Cas’s?”
Her brow arches. “
There’s a chorus of groans that follow and Dean joins in and brings his beer to his mouth. If they’re starting with that shit he’s going to need to drink faster to survive.
“Oh my god, it was Cas!”
Cas followed the squeak of his name, spinning and finding a pale hand waving madly in the air. Grinning fondly, Cas made his way to the table.
Cas dries his hands on a towel and agrees with a tight smile. “I guess so.”
“He’s not Callie’s father,” Dean repeats, his chest heaving in anticipation of his next words. “I am.”
Deanna pouts as Cas lays the truth out. “But you’re putting so much work into this. You shouldn’t have to go alone.”
Without mission a beat, Claire responds, “Nintendo Switch.”
Now, Cas just felt… empty.
“Wait, wait, Cas, where are you going?” Jess whined, clutching to his hand as Cas tried to pull away.
And finally, those eyes. Now, Dean knew those eyes weren’t natural. He had never seen eyes so goddamn blue. Sometimes they looked as though a piece of the sky had dropped into them and other times they gleamed with pure starlight.
All the strength Cas had mustered turned to dread when the door opened and a groggy pair of green eyes widened in alert.
Wait.
She hands her clipboard over. “Thanks, Garth.”
It was odd to see Dean in this relaxed state, one that few people ever got to see him in at all. It reminded Cas of lazy days in their home when they had no reason to get dressed. Cas’s smile almost became genuine.
Cas laughed. “No. I’m ready to just let it go.”
Cas just kind of stares at him for a moment before his eyes shift. “Hello, Brady.”
Dean is sure this is some kind of divine punishment for his crimes and can’t help finding it a little cruel. He doesn’t remember Cas ever mentioning liking someone this much in college. Although, Cas has never been the type to share much about his love life so maybe he just kept it private.
“What are you doing here?” Anna demanded.
Dean slides over to Brady and wraps his arm around his waist, presses a kiss to his head and waits for his sour aroma to fade.
They settle back into their original positions on the couch, Callie sinking into the back like the cushions are trying to eat her. The sheriff on screen waltz into a saloon, raising the hackles of all the patrons. The suspenseful music builds and then cuts into dead silence all of a sudden, causing the tension to spike. Eyes shift. The bartender’s hand starts to sneak under the bar.
The dance starts to wind down in another half hour, the music slowing and inviting couples to wrap each other close and sway.
They separate for a brief moment while Dean fishes in his nightstand for lube and Cas kisses him like he’s been gone for years.
“I’m fine.” Cas wobbled for a second, opened and closed his mouth. “How do you… How do you know so much about Jainism?”
Cas’s face and neck turned red as he remembered that night as Dean was.
“Yeah, that one.”
Claire looks at him like he’s an idiot. She does that often. “What are you going to ask Santa for?”
Sam and Ellen spun around. Dean stood there with one hand in his pocket. He shrugged, trying far too hard to look nonchalant.
It took Cas a while to get off the floor. He used the wall for support as he wobbled to the kitchen. He took a breath before turning the corner.
Dean shoots him a dirty look.
Dean perks up, feels a brutal twisting in his lower stomach. “What?
Hope burns through Cas like wildfire. “Really? So it’s okay for us… to be together?”
Cas follows the voice to the kitchen. “Hello, Mrs. Winchester. Trying out a new recipe?”
The Christmas cookies. Which were in one of the bags still waiting in the car.
Cas eventually lands on a short and vague, “High school” at the same time that Dean says, “just a few years.” Cas doesn’t like his answer but knows he has no right to argue.
“Castiel.”
Dean growls, chest firing with something hot and bitter. “Don’t talk about Cas like that,” he warns with all the control he has left.
Cas squints at her. “Why does it matter so much to you? It’s not like we’re going together.”
Cas hummed and slid out of his chair to follow his friend to the bar.
Cas works up a tight smile and shakes his head. “No, I’m fine. Just tired I suppose.”
There’s no change to Deanna’s face for a minute, but slowly her lips twitch and she laughs softly. “I think that’s the best promposal I’ve ever heard.”
Cas pulls back, a look of distaste on his face. “Didn’t you say taking suppressants messes with your cooking? Because you can’t smell things right?”
“So... how was school?” he tries as they’re passing through a park.
Cas set his phone down. His instant reaction was to create an excuse because that’s what he had done those first few weeks after Dean had left. Seeing and thinking of Sam had just been too painful, too close to Dean and yet not nearly enough.
“Truth or dare?” Dean repeats.
As Cas nears Claire, he catches her sending Dean a thumbs up. He turns in time to see Dean return it before winking at Cas and turning to greet the next kid.
Dean nods, remembering a day when they’d met Cas at work. Just like the first time, they found their way to the old west exhibit and this time they found one of those old timey photographers. They had taken about a dozen in every cowboy get-up the photographer had available by the time Cas reached them and he had bought one to get printed. Dean and Callie had whined at first, but after seeing it framed in Cas’s living room, it kinda grew on him.
He inches closer. “You know, if you need to get out of here, we can take care of the rest of this.”
Cas was slow to meet Dean’s eyes. “Where did you go?When you first left? No one could find you for weeks.”
Dean can’t answer verbally, so for the first time in months he lets his instincts respond. He doesn’t fight it when his arms reach out to wrap around Cas’s back and pull him close, doesn’t argue with himself when he feels his head leaning down even as Cas’s head tilts up and their lips brush for the first time. Doesn’t hold back when he feels Cas’s lips open beneath him and that soft brush turns into passion and desperation.
He had his back turned to them at the bar, but Dean couldn’t help looking over his shoulder. Cas had shed himself of his jacket a while ago and Dean could see where the shirt clung to the long slope of his back, hugged his shoulders and his toned biceps. And, god, his ass. Cas had a great ass and the jeans were so damn snug-
Cas hears an alarm start in the living room and Dean’s grumbling as he turns it off. Cas muffles his laughter and pulls two mugs from the cabinet.
Cas leaned back against the seat. Yes, what now? He’d waited a year to find out just what had provoked Dean to leave him and now that he knew he had no idea where it left them.
“What can I say? People love me.” He carries the dishes into the kitchen and stacks them by the sink.
Cas hums around his coffee, feeling warmer than he has in weeks as Dean spits out plans and puts their lives back in order. “Sounds perfect, Dean.”
The words sat between them, seeming to take up all the space in the room, and neither of them spoke for a long while.
Cas was breathless when Dean entered him, bodies finally connected in the most intimate way they knew. Cas had almost forgotten this feeling of being so full, not just the physical pressure, but the emotional satisfaction as well of feeling Dean move inside him, the wild beating of his heart as their chests press together, and soaking in every little noise of pleasure Dean makes. Cas lies there in what can only be called wonder.
She shrugs lightly. “I think we all agreed that none of us wanted to remember that moment.”
“Thank you.”
“To what do I owe this visit?” Cas asked, removing his glasses to rub his tired eyes.
“Truth.”
Dean immediately stops and looks at him.
She hesitates for just a second and then rips the paper off and yanks the lid off. Dean laughs as she starts to wriggle, tearing out sheets of tissue paper until, finally, she reaches her prize and screams.
Jess looked to Sam expectantly. Sam bit his lip. “I, ugh, I invited Cas to my birthday party.”
He knocked.
Cas hums and Dean can practically see his smile, small and a little relieved. “I think so too.”
Cas doesn’t even open his eyes.
Cas blinks owlishly. "Charlie?"
Dean had grinned. He knew Cas didn’t like inviting magic into his life. It meant a lot that he would ask his sister to work on a tea just for Dean. He takes a sip and put his mug on the bedside table so he can take Cas’s hand. Cas’s hand doesn’t feel ice cold to him anymore, it’s rather warm and soft and his fingers curl around Cas’s on instinct. Cas’s curl back.
“Well, I know how pathetic your decorating can be and wanted to be prepared.” Cas says it in his typical dry tone but Dean sees the way the corner of his lips are fighting off a smile. He rolls his eyes and returns to the stove. “You’re making dinner?”
“Yeah, I figured you wouldn’t have a chance to eat between work and here.”
“He said he would,” Sam said. “But I don’t know. I texted him a little while ago but he never responded.”
Dean can’t help but notice the way Callie sinks into her chair. He swallows around the disappointment forming in his own throat and musters up a smile. “Well… that’s great, Cas. I’m happy for you.”
They made their way back to the table. Charlie handed Dorothy her water and kept her shot glass, leaving Dean to distribute the rest. He slid one to Sam and Jess, then to Cas who met his eyes tentatively for the first time. “Thank you, Dean,” he murmured.
“Drink,” Cas snapped.
Cas doesn’t move at first, torn between her responsibility and her friend. But in a way, Deanna is her responsibility too.
Cas doesn’t respond for a long time. His eyes drift to the floor and Dean can practically see the gears spinning in his head. Waiting feels like walking the Green Mile but Dean determines to keep his head up and accept his fate.
“Babe,” Dean whines, bursting at the seams.
The idea of Cas settling for less or internalizing all of his romantic mishaps as his fault is just not acceptable in Dean’s book. The man sitting next to him is the closest thing to perfection Dean has ever known and deserves nothing bht the best, better than everyone. Better than Dean.
Shame for mourning something that was never his.
“Uh, I mean, kind of,” Dean says at last. “But, like, it doesn’t have to be. I’m sorry if I made things weird. I wasn’t trying to. I just...” He tries to think of the best way to explain himself but there’s really now way to spin it where he doesn’t look like a pathetic creep. “Look, I’m sorry, Cas. I wasn’t trying to trick you or make your uncomfortable or anything. I just wanted to show you a good time after what happened last weekend.”
“You like this one? Dean?”
She looks at him with hard, determined eyes. “Let’s do it.”
Dean turned and saw Sam staring at him with sad eyes.
They didn’t talk on the way back to Sam’s.
“Well,” Dean drawls once she’s gone, “that went well.”
He hears Cas’s door click shut and closes his own eyes.
Castiel.
Dean fidgeted for a moment. “Should I go?”
“I’ll call if I need you.”
“He’s a professor at Northwestern. We have a date next week.”
Dean shrugged. “What could I say?”
Callie needs no more invitation and bites into her food, cheeks puffing out like a chipmunk. She makes a hilarious picture as she processes all the flavors, eyes rolling back in her head and making happy little noises that remind Dean of Cas.
“Ya nev’r asked me how I was doin’. “’s rude,” he said with all the righteousness a drunk man could muster.
“That’s not how the game works; you get one question.”
Cas stares at him a little concerned before his lips curve in a soft smile. “Hiding in the kitchen again?”
Papa says it means loving the one person the stars made for you.
But clearly he had gone and at least tried to put a band-aid on it.
Cas pulls out his phone and pushes it across the table. Dean takes it and reads the words, In-Home Insemination. The words don’t really register for a moment, almost like he’s reading a foreign language. He scrolls down, skimming the first few passages until he reaches a diagram of the omega reproductive system.
*****
Dean spent another ten minutes cursing himself. He just needed to get up and get it over with. The longer he spent sitting in bed freaking out, the more likely he was going to vomit and Cas definitely wouldn’t appreciate that.
Because nothing has really changed. Deanna isn’t confessing her love, she’s not saying that she’s wanted to be more than friends for years now or that she’s realized what her feelings for Cas really mean and she’s not asking Cas to go to prom. They’re not holding hands down the halls or kissing.
“Fuck you, Dean,” Brady cuts in, pushing him again. “I’m done with this.” He starts to walk away and Dean throws his hands up.
Cas blinks and feels a powerful wash of heat strike through him and tears his eyes away from Dean’s lips.
” Cas echoes.
“No,” Dean grimaces sadly. “They didn’t.”
“Well, you tell ‘em I’m good. Nothin’ to worry ‘bout.”
Furious knocking at the door at three in the morning isn’t something one experiences often. Definitely not Castiel Novak. Which is why he startled himself right out of his bed when the obnoxious banging finally broke through his dreams.
Gabe fakes a look of disappointment. “Oh my, was that today? Anna, why didn’t you tell me we were supposed to put up decorations today?”
“And you put three on here?” Dean asks, taking a step forward. “Why’s that, Cas?” The mistletoe drops to the floor, long forgotten as Cas’s bright eyes widen with every step Dean takes toward him. “Is it because you want me to thrust my cock inside your tight hole? You want to feel me thrusting inside of you until you come?”
“Hmm?”
“I don’t think I should go, Gabe. It just doesn’t seem like a good idea.”
He wasn’t sure if he’d ever be able to look Cas in the eyes again.
The minutes that follow are quiet and precious. They catch their breath and clean each other’s wounds, then hold each other until Dean’s knot deflates. Cas shivers when Dean shifts them so they’re both lying on their sides.
Well this is interesting news. “Does Dean Winchester have a crush?”
Deanna grins and it lights up her entire face and not for the first time Cas wonders if the summer green of her eyes are actually glowing or if Cas is just crazy. “Worked like a charm.” She winks and that’s all Cas can take and she looks down.
“Dean is nervous,” Sam answered.
And then Deanna comes through the gym’s side doors with Benny and her father and every instinct in Cas urges her to hide.
Except the next morning when Cas wakes up, Dean is gone. He finds a note on the counter at the shop doing paperwork for Bobby! Should be home by 4:00.
“She doesn’t make it easy,” Cas admits. “But thank you for trying.”
“I’m gonna head out too,” Benny says. “Deanna, you good?”
And maybe he’s right because this is more like the Dean he knows, awake at Satan’s hour and busy as a been, always ahead of everyone else and making it look easy. This is Dean’s normal.
“Cas is going to India for the summer,” Charlie piped up between bites of her food.
Sam’s eyes snapped to Dean’s. “Yeah. He, um, he said that while you’re here, you can get the last box of your stuff. It’s in the hall closet.”
Cas gives a small shrug and pokes at her french fries. “I appreciate the gesture, but this person is a stranger. There’s no way to guarantee it’s a woman whose actually interested in me and I don’t want to get my hopes up. How do I know it’s not just some meat head trying to Carrie me?”
Cas shakes his head. “I thought I wanted something different. And by the time I realized I was wrong… it was too late.”
“Dean!” Brady calls again.
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean watched attentively as the man set out a glass and turned the whisky bottle. His mouth watered as the brown liquor splashed into the glass and darkened as it filled. “Here you go, man,” the bartender said as he pushed the glass into Dean’s hands.
“-who happens to have two bacon doubles, about a pound of french fries, and not two but four slices of pie from a certain herbalist’s favorite restaurant?”
“He, uh, he said that Callie was my kid.”
Cas’s eyes bore into his. “Thank you, Dean.”
“Why not?”
“Oh, yes. She’ll like it.” Cas comes to stand next to Dean, shoulders brushing as Dean put the final touches on the burgers and began dishing out fries. “Uh, how—how is he?”
