He had expected Dean to soften, to smile. Something. But there was nothing. He didn't move and Cas could see that he was trying to work it out in his mind. As the minutes ticked by he felt the fear push forward. He couldn't take it any more. “Do… do you want me to leave?”
Then the words processed in his half lusted and half crazed mind. He finally released the trench coat from his fists and stepped back, needing to put the distance between them immediately. The disappointment and the sadness swept through him, which he pushed into his half smile. “Don't say what you think I want to hear.”
Castiel hadn't gone far. He was leaning against the Impala, arms crossed, his brows furrowed in anguish. He hadn't meant what he'd said to Dean. He wasn't going to leave. He could never leave Dean, no matter how much pain he was in. But he was just tired of it. Tired of feeling this way. Tired of Dean not wanting to talk about it, then suddenly jabbing at it till it bled. That's what was happening now. He was bleeding on the inside and no matter what he did he couldn't stop it. He pictured the way Dean had looked at him, the agony that had played across his face.
Cas tilted his head to the side, his eyes shrinking to slits. “It's a lot of things, but okay is not one of them.”
Briefly he remembers the final demon and he stills all movements, and glances to where he can see him. He's walking towards him and he's holding a hot poker in his hand. The words come back to him, muffled in his brain, but they come all the same. Closer. Christie had said that and suddenly he knows what they're planning.
Pain seared through him, hot and taunting as it raced around his heart before clenching it tightly. “Why?” he croaked out.
Cas watched slowly. He heaved a sigh. “Dean, after we have dealt with the angels. I will leave you alone. For good.”
“Okay.” What else was he suppose to say? He turned and left, leaving Dean to stare after him. He had never felt pain quite like this before. Never had felt this type of rejection. Dean might want to be with him sexually, but he didn't feel the way Cas did. Cas would never have Dean the way he wanted him, the way he needed him.
Dean opened his mouth, about to ask him what wasn't working, again. But before he could, he saw a blur of movement, all tan coat and dark hair, then soft lips pressed against his. He froze, his heart completely stopping in his chest, his chest grew tight and he'd forgotten how to breath. His brain needed to be jump started, he needed to process what was happening.
A car honks in the distant and it sees so many people. So many people shouting. It moves it head towards the chaos. It mustn't get distracted. It has one mission, one mission only. But the smell of blood is too alluring. It needs to feed. It needs to eat. Its too crowded, though. Too many people. It moves on, sniffing and licking at the air.
Castiel didn't want to return to the Winchesters, to Dean, but he had no choice. There was an immediate threat to their lives, to his life and it couldn't be ignored. The early morning sun shone brightly down, bouncing off the Impala's shining surface, blinding anyone who would walk past. Castiel stared at the blue closed motel door with a heavy heart. What he'd seen last night hadn't left him. It was with him, everywhere he went. It was with him when he closed his eyes, the image permanently ingrained onto his brain. There was no escaping it.
So Castiel pushed his feelings down deep. He slid a cool, emotionless mask upon his features. This was the way for Dean to be free. This is what Dean needed. It was going to hurt Castiel, of course it was, but he wasn't not going to let it show. This was for Dean.
“You two coming out any time soon. Jack thinks he's found a case.” Sam shouted through the door, clear as day.
The three hour drive back to the bunker was torturous. All Dean could think about was how Cas had looked as he said those words, words he could never take back. It had hurt Cas. But that couldn't be. He didn't love him. Didn't feel that way about him. But why was he bothered anyway? So what if he didn't love him back? It wasn't like Dean was in love with the guy. But he was. That was the problem. He was so very much in love. But it can't be. This can't be love. This can't be because everything will fall apart. Cas would get hurt. He would get burned. Whether that's by Dean or some random evil out to get them, Cas would get burned. The people he loved always did. So, yeah, this can't be love.
Then he was striding across the library, up the steps and the sound of the bunker door slamming shut echoed throughout, leaving Dean to feel hollow and alone. He was really gone. Doubt wormed its way in. Maybe he should have fought to make him stay. Even as he thought it, he rejected that thought because seriously, what did Cas have to stay for? Dean couldn't offer him what he wanted, what he needed.
He hated himself more than ever now, because while he'd been grieving for Cas, he'd forgotten that his mom was gone too. He didn't believe she was alive. Lucifer had probably killed her by now. But he couldn't diminish Sam's hopes of getting her back. He needed this, he needed something to focus on and if this was it then so be it. So Dean had agreed to help Jack, to help get his mother back.
Dean placed his lips on Cas's again, gentle and loving as he wrapped his hand around Cas's arousal, gripping it firmly. Cas groaned with pleasure and bucked his hips up into Dean's hand. Slowly, he started to move his hand up and then down, twisting gently with each move. Cas squirmed beneath him, breaking away from the kiss, throwing his head back, eyes closed. Dean watched in awe as Cas, angel of the lord, started to come undone in front of his eyes. He started to speed up the process, wiping the tip of his finger across the bulging head of the erection. Cas shivered and groaned again. Dean felt the wetness of the pre-cum and he briefly wondered what it would taste like.
“No change?” Sam had been to shower. He'd always ask the same question every time he left, and he'd always know the answer, but needing to hear it all the same. Castiel simply shook his head. Sam placed himself on the opposite side of the bed.
Dean wanted to snap a retort back, something like, 'Oh, yeah? Watch me!'. He kept his mouth firmly shut instead, waiting, willing his brother to just go already. To leave him alone to drown in this unbearable grief.
Tightening his hold on Cas, he felt the his own fear swarm his system. The bunker was suppose to be the safest place on earth, nothing should be able to penetrate its wall. Whatever was succeeding at coming through had to be powerful, more powerful than anything else they've ever encountered.
He couldn't do. Yet it was happening. He wanted nothing more than to show Dean just how much he truly loved him, how much he would always love him. He could feel the hands on his bare ass, could feel the cold wooden library table against his heated chest. His breathing was harsh, his heart speeding up as the tip of Dean's slick cock prodded against his hole.
“It's okay, Dean.” He went to sidestep him, but an arm flung out, blocking his path. He froze, eyes wide as he latched his eyes onto Dean. His face was flushed with the boiling rage, the kind of rage he only ever saw when a world ending crisis became too much.
Cas spun round and faced him, his eyes showing frustration. “Don't ask stupid questions, Dean.” Dean watched him heave in a sigh. He expected Cas to show the pain he was in because of Dean's rejection. But he didn't show anything. “Yet again, all our lives are in danger. So, no, everything is not okay.”
The confusion was still there. What was his brother on about? What was wrong with Cas sleeping? It was kind of nice to see him sleep for once, he never saw that. He searched his brother's face for answers and then it clicked. It all clicked. He raised his eyebrows as the cloud over his mind cleared. He had been completely stupid. Here he was, seething with his own guilt about what had been said and Cas was fucking
Sam was talking, and Cas, well Cas was laughing. He looked totally free, free of any pain and guilt. It was like he hadn't been stewing in any negative emotions, he hadn't been thinking about Dean.
“I'm allowed to be happy,” he says, turning back to face the road, propping his head up on his hand.
When Cas looks back up, his eyes have a new determination and he takes a step back, breaking the connection of their eyes to point his blue ones right at the motel. It takes Dean a moment to get with the programme. Did they almost kiss? He can't seem to wrap his mind around that possibility, still hung up on the fact that Cas doesn't harbour any kind of emotions towards him, except friendship.
Cas shrugged and went to walk away, still avoiding eye contact. Enough was enough. He grabbed the angel's arm. Cas froze instantly and looked down at the contact before swinging his gaze to Dean's. Dean's breath was almost knocked out of him when he saw the sadness and the pleading that was evidently pouring out of them. Shit. He was really miserable. But why? Was he miserable because he thinks he might have ruined their friendship? That's what he was miserable over. That he may have lost his best friend. Perhaps there was a sliver of a chance for them to get past this. Maybe they could be friends. Dean knew it was a very tiny sliver, knew that the chances of them getting past this was next to nothing, but he just couldn't bring himself to come to terms with that just yet. He needed to hope he hadn't just lost the only friend he's ever had.
Before he could stop himself, before he could even question it, his eyes slipped shut and the darkness consumed him.
Cas closed the distance between them and Dean fought against his natural urge to push away, instead keeping his eyes firmly locked onto Cas's. “You're allowed to be happy, Dean.”
“Dean,” Cas sighed, and Dean hated the way he said his name more than he'd ever hated anything. He took a step back from him, giving himself a moment to breath, to gather all his strength for the final blow. Cas looked upon him with caution, nibbling his bottom lip, probably trying to figure out how to phrase what he was going to say next. “You… You have to be one hundred per cent sure that this is really what you want. You have to be one hundred per cent sure that you will not run again because I can't keep doing this. It confuses me, frightens me and pains me all at the same time. So you really need to be positive that you can do this.”
Cas shook his head and pushed against him, using his angel strength just a little. He needed his space, needed to gather his thoughts. He watched as, for the first time, Dean's anger vanished and looked truly shocked. “Yes I need to. But I need you more!” His voice had risen and he was practically shaking with his anger. “Why don't you understand yet? I need you so much that this is killing me, slowly. Its killing me that your pushing me away again. I can't… I can't walk out that door. Not without you. We'll find him together. Because I need you. Because I fucking love you!”
Dean's eyes flutter before they permanently close and Sam screams in anguish, shaking him, pleading with him.
Tears slowly slid down his cheeks and he watched as Cas wipe them away with the tips of his fingers. “We're never going to agree. It's always going to be this competition between us, isn't it? We'll always think each other deserves more. It's a never ending cycle.”
He dipped his head so he didn't have to look at him, the shame was starting to consume him. He felt firm fingers grip his chin and tilt his head back up so he had no choice but to gaze into those perfect green eyes that he felt he would drown in if Dean didn't have a firm grip upon him. “It's okay. This is still new and we both still have issues that need working through. But we'll get there, eventually.”
As he watched the power surge from Kelly to Cas, he was struck with awe at the sight. He knew that the power came from the baby and it terrified him, more than anything had ever had before. He watched as Cas killed that bitch demon with power that wasn't his. Then he was waking up next to his brother. Cas was gone. Kelly was gone. The demon was dead. And for the first time in a long while he didn't know what to do next.
Okay, so there it is. Now I can promise you, I left it there on purpose. I felt that what may come next will take up almost a whole chapter. Sorry. But I can promise you that in the next chapter, there is that big moment for both of them, you know, the one we've all been waiting for.
Dean rolled his eyes. Of course he did. He'd spent hours before trying to find something, anything, and had come up empty. His brother had spent half an hour on his search and he instantly got one. How was that fair? He ignored his slowly building jealousy of the man's talents and stayed quiet, waiting for the information.
He watched as Cas narrowed his eyes in thought and Dean hated how he was begging for him to just give this ago, to give them ago. Then he shook his head. The pain surged to the surface once more and he swallowed thickly. “I can't,” Cas whispered.
Cas was sat up on the bed, breathing heavily, eyes wide and mouth open. His hand was clutched to his head and he looked very, very alive.
He comes to a stand still and looks across at the faces before him. They are all still watching with caution, unsure of his next move. Then he smiles, his lips turning up slowly, showing his white teeth.
“We have a problem.” Her voice was warm and welcoming and Castiel could almost hear the smile in it.
Dean allowed his eyes to drift to Naomi. She was stood shocked to the spot, her eyes wide and mouth open. Another surge of bright light, from the other side of the room this time. Sam had arrived.
“Is there a way to destroy this son of a bitch?” he asked Cas, looking him square in the eye. He looked grim under the dim glow of the remaining lights and Dean knew he wasn't going to like the answer.
Dean smiled a teeth showing smile, his happiness plastered for everyone to see. “Breakfast sounds like a good plan.”
There was no strength to give and it made the tears drip from his lashes. He couldn't offer the comfort Sam needed and he couldn't protect Cas when he was led
“Yes, but… its more than that. I don't think… I don't think I can survive without you. I think… I think if you kick me out now… I think I will really die.”
Without thinking, he left his empty glass on the bar and sauntered over to her. He leaned one elbow onto the small round high table and smiled down at her, his intentions clear. She looked up at him through her long, black eyelashes and smiled back, her intentions were also clear.
With a heavy heart he moved past his brother, heading to his room. He wondered briefly how Cas would be when he returned. Would he treat him differently? Would he keep his distance from Dean? Or would he still be hurting?
Cas knew it was coming. He tried to brace himself for it. Tried to prepare himself for it. He could feel the tears springing to his eyes already. He wanted to stop him from saying any more, wanted to stop him from bringing Castiel back to reality.
As he held Dean's eyes. He knew that Dean had found his moment. He had found that moment where he was so broken beyond repair. Castiel wanted to scream, want to yell at him, tell him he can come back, because the grief and the guilt was starting to consume him. Many times he had wondered what would be the Winchesters moment, he had never thought that he himself would be a part of it. But here was, staring at Dean, knowing that this was all his fault. Castiel was the reason that Dean was broken.
Castiel frowned. “It doesn't matter now. This is over. You don't really want this, not deep down. Sam doesn't want this to happen either. Its better this way, for everyone.”
The demon above him went to say something else, but Dean grabbed the knife, twisted her arm backwards and rammed it between her breasts. She let out a high pitched scream. Dean caught sight of his brother breaking free from the corner of his eye, but he didn't have time to be concerned or think about that in the slightest. Instead, he pushed the woman to the concrete, not letting go of the knife and he reached into his jacket, pulled out the angel blade and sunk it straight in right next to the knife that already sat there. There was a flash of red as the woman screamed in agony. Then she went limp, her eyes empty.
He stopped outside the bunkers door, his heart heavy in his chest. It was better to get this over with. He opened the bunkers door, with a small creak and stepped inside. It was eerily quiet. Careful not to make a sound, he shut the door, his shoulder tensed when it was louder than he wanted it to be. He didn't want to alert Sam to his arrival. The need for Cas, the need to talk to him outweighed whatever his brother must thinking. He'll deal with him later. He descended the stairs, slowly and cautiously, his eyes sweeping the room beyond. Nobody. Were they out looking for him? He hoped not. This talk needed to happen, while Dean still had the courage to go through with it,
Sam's anger intensified. Dean almost took a step back from it, but somehow he managed to keep his feet firmly planted to the spot. “Cas is not one of your little play things, Dean. He's our family. When this goes south, and it will go south, he will be left heartbroken and I can't have you do that to him.”
Dean opens his mouth to say something, anything. But he's pinned to the spot by those blue eyes and he gulps past the lump in his throat. Cas is really angry.
Two days had passed and still Dean wasn't out of the woods yet. Still a chance he could die. And all Castiel could do was play the scene over and over in his mind. Dean telling him he was hurting too. That he didn't know why. That it hurt to know Castiel was trying to get over him. He remembered all the questions he wanted to fire at him, he remembered being thrown back into the wall. Dean jumping from the bed, about to attack the angel. The angel got there first. Dean being beaten. The angel yelling that he'd corrupted him. Tainted him. Castiel had tried to intervene, tried to pull her off him. He needed to save Dean.
The hurt pushed its way to Cas's face. Dean frowned then his eyes blew wide open in understanding. He brought his hand up and brushed his thumb over Cas's swollen lips. The angel closed his eyes at the touch. “Look at me, Cas.” It took a moment and when he opened his eyes Dean saw the pain there. They were begging him not to end this. “I didn't mean us. I meant this right here. I'm not ready.” Relief filled those blue eyes and he hated what he was about to say next, but he needed Cas to understand what was at stake here, he needed to understand where Dean stood. “I don't know if I'll ever be ready.”
Dean looked back at Cas, opening his mouth, unclear as to what he was expected to say. Before he had a chance to form any sort of reply in his mind, Cas was answering. “No, Sam. It's not important.”
Dean fakes a hurt look. Although he's not altogether sure it is fake. “Why do assume I've done something?”
A cough sounded from the other side of the room, making Dean's heart plummet into his stomach. Cas's eyes widened with shock and they both glanced at Sam, who was stood uncomfortably, shuffling from foot to foot, trying to look anywhere but at them. Reluctantly, Dean pulled away from Cas, missing the contact instantly.
He glanced over at the man he loved. He was sitting across the table from him in the map room, his brows furrowed in concentration, his eyes darting from side to side as he read each page of the book he was holding, every now and then he delicately turned a page, the soft rustling of paper the only sound in the room.
Castiel nodded. He pulled away, watching as Dean showed confusion. He smiled at the other man, showing him he was okay with this, but he was also a little amused. “As much fun as it would be, Dean, I'm not going to take you up against the door. Maybe next time, though.” Dean's eyes darkened with lust at his words. Good. That's exactly what Castiel had intended. His smirk soon vanished when he held out his hand for Dean to take. He took it willingly. When their skin made contact it sent a bolt of electricity shooting up Castiel's arm, making his breath hitch and stutter. When he spoke again, his voice was sot and full of the love that he was so accustomed to feeling. But now he was was able to show it and it made him so happy, so elated. “Our first time isn't going to be rushed. It needs to be gentle and soft and perhaps somewhere comfortable. I want to show you just how much I love you, Dean. We'll have plenty of time to give into the desperate need we are certainly both feeling. But for now, I need this to be slow.”
“Dean… Look at me. I need you to look me in the eyes as you let go.” Cas's desperate plea made him spring open his eyes and they instantly latched onto blue. The thrusts became more erratic, more uneven and Dean knew Cas was close. “Cum for me, Dean.”
“When angels die they go to a place called The Empty, where they are to sleep for all of eternity.” Cas's voice broke through his growing anxiety and he tried to focus on what the angel was saying. So, he was asleep? How could he have missed him then? Before he had a chance to ask, Cas carried on speaking. “Something, some kind of powerful force, woke me up.” His eyes glazed over and Dean knew he was remembering what he'd felt in that moment, remembering what it was like. “The Empty is run by a creature, who didn't like to be awake. But because I was, he was. I pretty much forced him to send me back.”
Of course, he would do everything in his power not to die. It was a hard decision really. Either he dies trying to save the angel, or he dies standing there, doing nothing. Either way, Cas would blame himself. However, he would blame himself less if Dean had made the fatal decision. A phrase he hated more than anything came to mind, but it was utterly fitting for this moment, this decision –
With a heavy heart and dread streaming through his veins, he made his way down the bunker steps. It had been three weeks since he'd seen Dean. It had hurt to leave, to not pursue him. They had kissed… again. It had felt like everything it was suppose to be, everything it had meant to be. But then Dean had stopped it and Castiel had felt his heart being torn from his chest, had felt the painful ache that accompanied it after. Dean didn't want this, didn't want him.
He cupped Cas's face in both hands, determination filling his eyes. “I'm so, so, sorry.” Cas's eyes filled with a mixture of panic and confusion. Dean needed to clarify what he was trying to say. “I'm sorry for hurting you so much.”
Tears rolled down his cheeks, silently and hotly as he felt the pain of this loss. This wasn't like losing his brother or his father or Bobby or any of their other friends that had died for the Winchesters. This was nothing like that. This was the type of loss that made Dean want to die too. But he couldn't. He still had his brother. Sam needed him. He couldn't leave Sam alone to deal with Lucifer's son. Even if they didn't have that to deal with, he couldn't leave him alone.
The pictures of their kisses in the past, of the times in this bed, started pushing their way forward, replacing what he would never have again, to the ones he had once experienced. The kiss against the Impala, the kiss on the side walk, the way he had felt so full of Cas before being taken away by that stupid case. The way he smelled, the way he tasted… all of it was starting to consume him.
Before he had a chance to move, a loud knock sounded on the door. “Dean?” Sam's voice. The hope that raised slightly at the knock instantly evaporated and he gulped past the lump in his throat. He wasn't going to get over this any time soon.
I'm not going into too much detail with following this story line, I'm also not going to dive into all the dialogue from the episodes. As I got further into writing it, probably halfway, it would be good to see what Dean's POV would be in these certain scenes. What was going through his head?
Castiel watched Dean closely, unable to see his face. What the hell was he thinking? It was times like this that he wished one of his powers was to read minds. Dean gripped his hair in both his fists and crouched low to the pavement, head bowed. This wasn't good. Dean was having trouble controlling his emotions and it was all his fault. He should never have opened his big mouth. He should have better control over himself. He was an angel. Angels don't lose control. Their every move is precise and calculated. Yet, Cas had lost control and now it was affecting Dean.
“You will, though, Cas. That's just who you are. You're going to go after him because you blame yourself and you will see it as your responsibility to bring him back. That's just who you are. I can see it, your desperate to go after him. So… I'm skipping to the end. No point in you torturing yourself any more. I'm making the decision for you. Go.”
Castiel's heart was breaking in two and there was nothing he could do about it. He'd lost all control around Dean, allowing Dean to stop believing it was all a lie. What the hell had he been thinking? He had just completely ruined their friendship. It was one thing knowing that Dean would never return his feelings but it was a completely different thing seeing it written upon his face. They would never go back to normal. He couldn't simply look upon Dean's face and see the rejection there, he couldn't pretend that nothing had happened.
Sam looked at Dean, the terror still clear as day. Dean took a step towards them, questioning him without words. “A life is needed, Dean.”
Lips pressed against his gently and he closed his eyes in contentment at the feel of them, at the taste of them. His eyes fluttered closed. This didn't feel right. This felt final. It felt like a goodbye. He pushed away violently, panic surging through him, eyes sprang open and he looked into those ocean blue eyes, trying to gage what the angel was thinking. His smile had lost all happiness and it now just voiced how sad he truly was. Why? What was going through his mind? Dean could feel himself start to shake as his blood pumped furiously through his veins. Realisation hit him full force. Cas was saying goodbye.
It reels backwards and in one swift movement it pushes forward, cocooning the humans face in its body. The man is suffocating, it can feel the human tense and then start to thrash about. Someone is yelling in the distance because they have seen, but they can't see it, just a man chocking. It continues to push forward, through the mouth, through the eyes, the nose and ears. The man is thrashing harder, but it just concentrates on entering him, on possessing this stupid creature.
Castie let out a sigh of his own. He suddenly felt very tired. He hated these yo-yo emotions. One minute he would be sad and angry and disappointed and the next he'd be confused and hopeful. Sometimes all at the same time. “I can't talk to him, Sam. He's made it very clear how he feels.”
“I do. But… You wouldn't. You would feel it all. I can't leave you alone in this, with no one to talk to or… I just can't do that to you. It isn't fair. Plus it feels like kind of cheating, like the easy way out.” He shrugged his shoulders as though it wasn't a big deal. He dropped his eyes to the floor, feeling the heat rise within him. Could he have been any more corny.
“I'm so sorry, Cas, for doing this to us. But I promise you, right here, right now, I will prove to you just how much I want this, want you. I don't care how long it will take. I will spend the rest of my life proving it to you.”
Sam's eyes filled with excitement. Perhaps he needed to get away for a few days, which was the same need he'd had a couple of days ago. Now, though, he was quit content to sit there in the calming silence with Cas by his side, smiling and kissing and talking.
Abruptly, Cas stopped, turning on the spot, eyes narrowed in concentration as his brows drew together. Neither Dean nor Sam said anything, not wanting to break whatever chain of thought the angel was on. Clearly, Cas knew what he was doing and in Dean's experience it was always best to leave him to it, unless his lack of patience outweighed his logic.
This is usually when he swings his gaze to Cas. He can't bring himself to do it. Why? It's only Cas. His best friend. Dean can feel the tension thickening in the small room. His throat starts to close up. Settling his head back against the fluffy white pillows, he closes his eyes, trying to regain control.
Startling him, he felt a cold wet sensation against his skin, sliding its way up from the bottom, all the way to his jaw bone. He knew what it was, knew that it was a wet tongue, tasting him. The why escaped him, though, as a shudder ran the length of his spine, a sickening feeling fell into the pit of his stomach. The tongue was wet, but rough, scaled almost. Dean whooshed out a harsh breath, trying desperately to get himself under control. He was needed to fight this thing, and if he lost his control, gave into the urge to let the vileness of this situation overcome him, he would be of no use to anyone.
On his knees behind the angel, he slowly, cautiously, wrapped his arms around the man, linking his hands at his hard chest. With a deep breath, he leant his head against the hard muscles of his back. As the contentment filled him, he fought against the urge to remove himself from Cas. He wasn't suppose to feel this, not after everything, but once again told himself that this wasn't about him, this was about Cas.
“Terrified. You've almost done it. You've almost destroyed me, Dean. If I stick around and then you run again… I don't think… I don't know if...”
It screamed at him. Yelling at him. Reminding him. The urge to shut it the fuck up became overwhelming. Perhaps he should throw it against the wall, that would shut it up. He hated it. Loathed it. He glanced away from it, eyes latching onto the whisky bottle on the other side of the room. He couldn't drink. He needed to be sober, but oh how it shrieked at him. There was two now. Two voices shouting at him. Why didn't they just shut up?
Dean pulled away, panting. They couldn't do this here. They were in the middle of a parking lot, outside a seedy motel, with Sam mere metres away. There was no way they could. But, God, he wanted to. Their first proper time should be in his bed back at the bunker, where they could take their time, enjoy each other, love each other properly. But he knew as soon as he thought it Cas wouldn't care where they were, he would still love him, would still show him, would still make it amazing.
Cas frowned with confusion and Dean felt the urge to surge forwards, the urge to kiss him right at that crease. He held back though, knowing how this wasn't the time for such sentimental crap. “I-”
Without another forethought, he gripped his gun tightly in his fist, pulling it free from the back of his pants. He shoved past his brother, who on his part, hadn't even realised Dean had joined them. Quickly, he raised the gun, pointing it straight at the creature before them. He knew this action was pointless. A simple bullet wasn't going to stop a being this powerful. But it was the only weapon to hand, and he had to do something, anything to get Cas the justice he deserved.
The library was still illuminated by the back-up generators, thankfully. It was gloomy and shadows were cast across the floor and the furniture. Books were strewn everywhere, chairs upturned and the lamps toppled over. Dean cast a wary eye across the disaster and wondered how in the hell they were suppose to find what they were looking for in this mess.
Eyeing Cas for a moment, he tries to think what could possibly have him so unfocused. Being an angel, Castiel is familiar with war and battle, all things mission oriented. So, why is he so distracted? Wanting to push, to find out, to help his friend, he steps closer, watching for any signs that Cas is going to back off. He doesn't, he keeps his feet firmly planted to the floor, his eyes once more darting to the beds. He desperately tries to keep a lid on his anger, his frustration, because that won't help him here, it would only serve to push the angel away.
Dean allowed a small smile to play at his lips. He took a step towards Cas, who was still looking at him warily. He placed both his hands on Cas's face, cupping it in his palms, feeling the scratchy stubble against his skin. He looked hard into those amazing blue eyes, determination set within. He had to be honest about his feelings. For once in his miserable life he had to be honest with the one person that mattered to him most.
He didn't want to give himself a chance to talk himself out of it, he instantly jumped out of the car and almost ran to the closed door. He took a deep breath and ever so slowly, opened the blue door. He didn't want to startle Dean. Didn't want to give him the opportunity to dodge this any more. He stepped inside and closed the door. He took in the sight of the man, bending over the bed, packing his bag.
Shock coursed through his veins and his mouth fell open as the words swirled through his mind. Was he serious? Of course he was. Cas wouldn't joke about something like this, Dean didn't even think he could joke about anything like this.
He didn't know how long he sat there on the cold floor, sobbing his eyes out, willing the pain to just go, to just leave. He'd thought about getting up, washing his face before facing the music and just getting out there as though everything was normal, but he couldn't bring himself to do it.
“Dean,” he spoke cautiously taking a small step towards him. Castiel had forgotten all about trying to keep his mask cool and calculated. Instead he allowed all the pain to show, all the sorrow he was feeling for both of them, all the love and understanding.
The back of his legs hit the bed and Cas gripped his back to stop him from falling backwards. Cas lifted his head and placed another kiss on his lips. How did he know to make him feel so good? Dean hummed into those perfect, plump lips as he felt one of Cas's warm hands grope at the button on his jeans, and this sudden need overcame him.
He had been hungry and Sam had offered to go for food. At the time Dean had just been grateful for the gesture, too tired to move from the bed. But its been hours and he's nowhere to be found. This is suppose to be a simple hunt, one or two demons at best.
Shit. He hadn't thought of it that. He regretted calling the kid now, of course. But he had a right to see Cas. Slowly he stood and marched to the motel door, hearing his brother call his name, but he ignored it as he pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialled Cas's number.
Dean's eyes widened fractionally at his statement, curiosity spiked through. He stayed silent. Castiel gave him a few minuets, his eyes never leaving his. But as the minuets drew on, he found his heart start to beat erratically in his chest. He could do this. He could show Dean that they could, they could do this. If only if he let them. Without warning he surged forwards and pressed his lips to Deans. They were soft and welcoming and when Dean parted them, he slipped his tongue inside, tasting the whisky straight away. He heard Dean grow from deep within, the sound rumbling through his mouth, sending a shot of arousal to Castiel's cock.
“I'm scared because I failed yet again. I'm scared because I've never ever felt this level of emotions for anything in my entire existence and what I feel for you… I'm scared because I don't want to lose you, I can't lose. But no matter what decision I make, no matter what, I will lose you.”
Dean pulled back just enough to catch his eyes and Cas could feel his heart pick up speed, could feel the nervousness seep into his veins, making him shake slightly. “I love you, you know that, right?”
He watches Cas flinch slightly, but he doesn't answer. Dean is not going to have that. He needs answers. Needs to know why? Sam places a hand on Cas's shoulder and jealousy surges through him.  Not because he thinks anything is going on between them, it wouldn't be like that. But because his brother's bond with the angel is still in tact while Dean's is fucked. Yeah, he's fucked it all up.
Castiel's heart stopped and his breathing slowed. No he didn't want Dean to hurt. That's why he was trying to get over him. He shook his head. “Why?” He knew why but he needed Dean to say it, to say that it was all because of Castiel's feelings.
Dean cursed under his breath. What was it with Sam and his timing? Seriously? He glared at him, hoping he would get the message that he was interrupting something, again. But his brother didn't even take any notice, instead he bounded down the few steps that led from the library, waving a newspaper in his hand.
“You're running.” Dean's voice was soft, holding no hostility which was a contradiction to his body language. Castiel tilted his head to the side and processed his words. Was that what he was doing? He didn't think he was. He just wanted to help Dean out. Dean let out a sigh and dropped his arms. “You're afraid, Cas. I get it. I really do. You don't want to hurt any more. But if I'm not allowed to run, then neither are you.”
Then Cas felt his own cock twitch, felt the pleasure deep in his own stomach, felt himself filling the hole that surrounded him so completely. He shook violently as the pleasure consumed him, screaming Dean's name.
Dean shook his head. Then frowned. He backtracked over what Sam had said. We. He sat bolt up right, his heart going a million miles an hour. No. It couldn't be. He'd left. Dean had set himself up for that after feeling the empty space next to him. He had just been preparing himself to go the rest of his miserable life living with this numb feeling in his chest.
“I can do that.” Castiel found himself smiling. It soon dropped when another thought came to mind. “What is this?”
The need overcame him and he placed a soft, intimate, loving kiss on Cas's lips. Cas kissed back just as loving and just as soft, it made Dean hum with appreciation. When he pulled back and looked into Cas's blue eyes, he saw the love pouring from them. That annoying voice was shouting at him, telling him he shouldn't accept this pure, innocent love. He quickly tramped it down, he wasn't going to let that voice ruin this moment. He smiled at the angel. “Come back in one piece.” It was a demand and he saw Cas throw him a reassuring smile.
He turned to leave. His body aching and tired. He walked towards the bunker's exit his mind playing over those hurtful words that Sam had just spouted. He faintly heard Sam calling his name, but he paid him no attention. He needed to leave. He needed to think.
Dean looked down, his own anger diminishing. “I don't know.” His answer was barely audible, but Castiel heard it. No amount of preparing was enough for this. He felt his the crippling pain shoot across his chest and he forced himself not fall to the floor from the weight of it. He swayed on his feet as his eyes started to sting. He knew what was coming and he didn't want to do that, not here, not in front of Dean. If he was going to break, he had to do it far, far away.
Without fully thinking it through, he was out of the car and striding towards Cas. Cas didn't turn or acknowledge his presence. Dean leaned against the car next to his best friend and eyed him cautiously from the corner of his eye. Cas had his eyebrows furrowed in confusion… or was it pain? His head tilted to the side. He was clearly trying to work something out, the pain was now masked with confusion. And god didn't he just love that look on him? It looked kind of adorable.
Dean took in a deep breath at the sight of him. His heart constricted painfully in his chest. The angel closed the door behind him. His back now turned. His forehead resting against the wood. Dean waited, not wanting to break his train of thought. Why was he here? He didn't want Dean. He might love him, he might find him attractive but he knew that they could never be together. Could never have this. Whether it be because of the danger they were always in, or because he was an angel, or because he knew Dean would fuck it up eventually, they could never have this.
Dean licked his lower lip. Cas watched the movement and narrowed his eyes further. What the hell is going on with him? Dean knew, of course he knew. He was protecting himself, detaching himself from his emotions. He doesn't want to be hurt again. But who does? The sadness swept through him. He'd hurt him so much.
“Same here.” He allowed his voice to soften a little. Allowed his eyes to show he meant those words, that no matter what they were both going through, nothing would change. He'd expected Cas to soften his gaze, he always did. A pain shot through his chest when Cas just nodded simply and turned back to his pacing. What the hell? He knew he'd hurt Cas, knew they were both hurting, but why the hell was he acting this way?
Feeling his lips twitch with amusement, he struggled to hold the smile back. One point to Cas. He was right as well, this had nothing to do with Sammy. Besides there wasn't much to tell. Dean had made it pretty clear where he stood and Cas seemed like he was going to accept it. His brother didn't find it funny, though. If looks could kill, both Cas and himself would be long dead. “It does have something to do with me if Dean is going to take a swing at me because of this non-important thing that's going on between you two.”
Sam had taken Jack down to the Impala, leaving Cas hovering in the middle of the room, watching Dean as he moved around the room, gathering everyone's belongings, everyone's except his own. He frowned when he realised that he was also packing for him. Did Dean not want him to stay? Sam could take care of Jack on his own, surely.
There was a few moments of silence before Cas finally looked up and into his eyes. Dean gulped, instantly not wanting to hear it. He wanted to run, wanted to protect himself from the pain he was about to experience, as if he hadn't experienced enough already. At the same time, he was unable to move, grounded by the intense stare being directed at him. He felt his heart pounding, felt his breaths grow faster, felt the sweat starting to bead across his forehead. As much as he was panicking, it was hard not to lash out in anger. That's what he usually did. Whenever he was about to hurt, about to experience emotional turmoil, he lashed out, it masked just how much it hurt or how scared he was.
He widened his eyes in surprise. Reality came crashing around him. What the hell did he want? Could they really do this? Could they really be happy? Could he really be that selfish and bring Cas into his fucked up life?
Dean brushed past him, heading towards the door, needing to escape, needing to flee from everything he was feeling right now. But he froze when Cas mumbled something. He turned with narrowed eyes. “What?”
“Are you going to leave? Or do you want to stay?” He feels like he's begging. Begging for him not to leave him again. He can't lose him, not now, not ever. He wants to be selfish just this once.
His legs gave out then, his knees hitting the hard wood floor. Just before his head hit as well, he felt his brother's large hands cradling him. Then nothing. Just darkness.
He didn't answer, not knowing what to say. He generally didn't know when the last time he slept was. All he knew was that his body was exhausted, screaming at him to sleep. He had tried, plenty of times, but every time he closed his eyes he would picture the way Cas's body had felt against his as they showed each other just how much they loved one another. He wasn't allowed to think about the good times with him. It was his fault there was going to be no more of them.
Castiel had dropped his mouth open. Was he serious? He wanted just a sexual relationship, with no feelings, nothing. He could feel his heart breaking into a million pieces. He wasn't going to get Dean the way he wanted him. That was never going to happen. He didn't know if he could do this. He wanted Dean's love, needed it. Needed to be wrapped in that safe, pure love. But… He would still have Dean. Did it really matter how he had him?
Their eyes locked and Dean reached up, kissing him full on the lips. Cas kept thrusting and Dean tried to meet each one with his own. His erection rubbing against both their clothed stomach's felt so amazing. “Fuck, Cas.”
He took in an unsteady breath. “Actually, I thought I would go and check out some other leads that may help us.”
Dean released him, rubbing a hand down his tired face. He could feel the strain in his eyes, could feel how heavy with exhaustion they were. He hadn't been sleeping very well. To be honest he couldn't remember the last time he'd had a good nights sleep. He shrugged at the angel, trying to convey just how much he really didn't know how to put his thoughts into words, how the best way to express himself was. Of course Cas understood that. Cas knew him so well, sometimes better than Sam did, Dean suspected.
Cas hummed, closing his eyes in pleasure. He knew he should close his own eyes, knew he should revel in his own pleasure at the contact, but he couldn't, he was too mesmerised by Cas's reaction. Cas was the one to break away first, a small, shy smile playing at his lips. Slowly, cautiously, he bent his head, placing his mouth into the crook of Dean's neck, sucking gently while he ran his fingers through Dean's hair. Dean threw his head back, allowing him to gain better access as goosebumps travelled at an alarming rate across his heated skin. A shiver tore through him and he moaned with the pleasure of it. He'd never once been on the receiving end like this, never once had he ever felt this way during a sexual moment. This feeling was just so…. Euphoric.
“Castiel, angel of the Lord. I have been waiting for this moment.” The Shadow's voice sounded like a snake, raspy and sly, a hiss almost, sending another shiver through Dean. Its lips were still connected to his skin and he wanted nothing more than to pull away from it. He held himself still, somehow, breathing heavily, waiting.
Sam could read Dean better than any one else and he instantly understood, the concern washing away as he nodded once. Without saying anything else, he finally left, closing the door softly behind him. For a few moments Dean stood motionless, staring at the solid wood, unsure of what should happen next.
He waited for Cas's response. Cas had been quiet for too long and he wanted to shake the man, yell at him to say something, but somehow he managed to keep himself in check and just waited. Finally, Cas moved his hands up and gripped his hands with them, slowly removing them from his face. For a beat, Dean thought he was rejecting him, about to throw his hands away. But he kept a firm grip on them, squeezing slightly, as if he was terrified of losing this moment. And, God, did he look terrified.
Sam whispered in his ear, felt that the words were meant to be reassuring, but what those words were, he couldn't say. They rocked back and forth, Sam shushing him, and Dean cried. Distantly he knew this time was different because he's never cried like this over anyone, not even Sam. When Cas had died before, it shocked him into anger and despair, but nothing like this. He felt crippled from the weight of the grief and he couldn't hold back his agony.
“Uh, yeah, that would be great.” His own voice was barely a whisper. The vulnerability in his voice was excruciating to his ears.
Cas picked his head up off the door and glared. “Neither am I. I'm no one special either. But when you look at me, sometimes…. Sometimes I can believe that I can be, to you anyway.”
Slim fingers slid through his short hair, tugging gently and Dean couldn't help the moan that escaped his lips. He needed Cas like he needed air, that much was obvious. Unfortunately the need to breath became too much and reluctantly he pulled away. His breaths came in short as his heart threatened to escape its bone jail. He leant his forehead against Cas's, closing his eyes, trying to concentrate on the uneven breaths of his angel. It soothed him to know that Cas was just as effected by the kiss as he was.
He couldn't hold back any more, couldn't allow this to go on any more. He stepped into the room. He grabbed the nearest angel and stabbed him straight through the chest. The room filled with a bright, white light and a piercing scream. Then the body dropped and the light faded. He glanced at Cas. Dean reeled back from the sheer happiness at seeing Dean. Realization hit him. Cas had been stalling, knowing that Dean would come eventually.
As he watched the fire billowing in front of them, as he watched Cas's body being burned to a crisp, he knew he was never going to be the same again. His body was already numb, no longer feeling the pain of this loss. Not wanting to. He'd closed himself off. There will only ever be one emotion left for him to feel, one emotion he will allow himself to feel from now on.
Dean licked his lips and nodded. “Of course I want to. But… if it happens, and that's a big 'if', then I need to know that this is it. No more running off, no more doing things on your own. No more trying to protect me. You can't end it again like this, Cas. If you come to realise that you don't want this, then I can accept that… but knowing you want this and need this as much as me but you won't have it because of some stupid reasoning that you need to protect me, I can't take it.”
He was frantic now as the pain started to consume him. He couldn't stay here no more. He couldn't hear it any more. As he glanced at Dean, the man he was so desperately in love with, the man that would never love him back, he realised something. Dean needed to know he was going to be okay. He needed that. Because if he didn't, he would hate himself even more. Castiel couldn't have that. He couldn't have himself blame himself like that. It wasn't his fault. He couldn't just sprout feelings for him. Sexual attraction was so different to love, even Castiel knew that.
His heart skips a beat when Cas's eyes drop to his lips. Is he thinking the same thing? That thought doesn't sit right because that just can't be possible. Can it? Cas doesn't feel the same, there's no way he does.
How could he turn down that puppy dog look? He softened his eyes. “Sure. You in, Cas?” Dean didn't miss the flash of disappointment in his brother's eyes. Was he expecting it to just be the two of them? As much as that would have been good, like the old days kind of good, he wasn't ready to leave Cas behind yet. He needed to make sure they were still okay, he needed to make sure that Cas wasn't going to leave him, that he was just as happy as he was. He chose to ignore the look in his brother's eyes and turned to face Cas, waiting for his answer.
Cas looked taken aback for a moment, then he stood, a new sense of determination rippling off of him. “Never,” he growled. “No matter what happens now, no matter what comes next, I would never be sorry for that.”
With one last longing look at the room, he sighed. There was no way he could sleep in there, in that bed, not after last night. With the weight of his pain, he moved down the hall in the hope of getting some sleep.
WOW! I really enjoyed writing that so much! Probably too much. Please let me know what you thought. This isn't the end yet, there is so much more I can do with this story. Please comment!!!
Dean thinks back to their latest conversations and nothing gives off a red flag. He hasn't upset him, they haven't argued. So he can't be ignoring his phone calls. Deep down he knows, he knows that Sam is in trouble, he knows that he can't answer his phone, not that he won't.
Cas cleared his throat but kept his mouth shut, keeping his eyes on the man outside. When Cas didn't say anything, Sam looked at his brother again. Dean stood, letting his hair go. Cas watched as his shoulders heaved up and down, slowly and then with a new sense of purpose, Dean strode back to the car and slid back into his seat. Sam looked at his brother with concern and Dean ignored it. Cas was worried. What had that been about? He caught Dean's eyes in the mirror again. Dean looked away quickly.
He'd forgotten about the angel coming towards him. So when he was thrown into the corridor behind him, he let out a yelp of surprise. He skidded to a stop, his breathing ragged and his body screaming in protest as he tried to move. Tried to find Cas with his gaze. He couldn't see him. Couldn't see if she'd made that final blow. No, all he could see was that angel coming towards him again.
Castiel opened his eyes, darting them around the room. He needed to leave. He didn't want to hear any more. Dean had practically told him it was impossible for him to love him, to feel anything other than friendship for him. This hurt so much, no matter how much he'd already known it, it still cut him deep. He glanced at the only exit, and for the first time he cursed the warding that surrounded the bunker. Dean was blocking the door and Castiel couldn't just fly away.
The girl moaned beneath him as he deepened the kiss. She was yet again pinned to the wall, her jeans around her thighs, legs wrapped around his waist. He watched her eyes close shut as he shoved his dripping cock into her wet slit. They both groaned from the pleasure.. He held their position for a moment, he nipped at her neck as she moaned again. Then he started to move. The feeling of her tight hole gripping his cock sent waves of pleasure through him. He nestled his forehead into the crook of her neck, his breaths coming fast and hard as he hit her sweet spot. He closed his eyes as the pleasure took hold of him, he started to move faster, unable to control his movements, needing his release.
This particular pattern is harder than the others, taking more energy than its suppose to take. It doesn't make it waver, or flinch. It continues to push at it, attacking it with an invisible force. It takes too long, longer than it would like. Castiel, the angel, will surely be figuring out a plan of attack. That wouldn't do. If it ever has a chance of destroying the angel and his friends, then now would be the time to enter this strange place.
Castiel kissed him gently, right on the middle of his back before leaning up and lubing his fingers. He rubbed the lube against Dean's puckered hole, feeling the warmth, pressing the tip of his nail in. There wouldn't be any need for much preparation. He'd already used his grace twice, any discomfort  Dean would feel, he could take it away, simple as that. Dean groaned, pushing backwards, needing more. But Cas pulled away, leaving Dean wanting and huffing in frustration.
The door slammed behind him. That was when he ran, as fast as he could, getting as much distance between them as he could. Finally, he came to a stop. He didn't know how long he'd been running for, he didn't know where he was and he didn't care. His heart beat frantically in his chest and he struggled to breath. He leant against the wired fence that outlined a basketball court and slid down it. He could feel his muscles scream at him in protest.
“I can't do this, Cas.” His voice was scratchy and weak, his throat raw from all those tears and sobs. He watched for a reaction, hoping to see pain and guilt but all he saw was confusion. He took in a shaky breath trying to will away the nausea that had found a home in the pit of his stomach. “You don't want me and I don't know why and I have no choice but to accept it, no matter how much it fucking hurts, but… you can't be here, Cas, not any more. I can't be around you, not at the moment.” His words pierced through his heart, scarring it, but he knew this was the right thing to do. “It hurts too much.”
Every time he looked at the angel, every time his eyes caught those blue ones, he wanted nothing more than to wrap him up in his arms and kiss him, show him just how much he loved him. But what if it was the wrong move? What if that wasn't what Cas wanted?
All too soon, Dean pulled away, panting, eyes full of lust, a swipe of tongue over his lower lip. Castiel marvelled in, his own breaths coming fast. “Why, Dean?” His voice was deeper than normal, full of the arousal that was still swimming through his body.
“They are warming up,” Naomi continued as though she had read his mind. “What do you love above all else, Castiel?” Before he could even answer, she answered for him. “The Winchesters.”
Dean took in a deep, heavy breath, trying to keep himself calm, trying to ease the pain that echoed in his chest. “That's bullshit and you know it.” Cas's eyes widened with surprise and Dean took a step forward. “The empty might not come for you. The empty might not know how to get to this world. And you're just going to jeopardize everything we had for a maybe?”
“What the hell was that?” his voice was still scratchy, but he paid it no mind. He couldn't distract himself from this current situation.
Dean took a step towards him, unsure of what his next actions were going to be, all reasoning had fled now. The anger was pushed down and instead a mantra played on loop in his head. 'Cas is alive. Cas is alive. Cas is alive.'. “You're sorry for everything? That's very vague, Cas.” He took another step towards him, slowly, cautious of the angels reaction. Cas snapped his eyes back to Dean's. “I have a few things to tell you.” Confusion made Cas frown deeply and Dean knew he didn't know whether he wanted to hear it or not. Tough. He was going to listen whether he wanted to or not.
Dean had never felt so content as he did looking at Cas's happy face. They still had a long way to go, they both knew it, but they were getting there. It would be a slow journey, but they would get there in the end.
When they finally made it back, late in the evening. Dean didn't say anything, didn't look at him, didn't stay long enough to see Jack's reaction to him. Castiel felt the urge to follow him, to try and sooth the hunter. Knowing it wouldn't be welcome, he held back.
Castiel didn't turn around, instead he just gazed at the fading blue wallpaper of the motel room. “No, I don't. But we don't have any other options at the moment.”
He collapsed to the floor. The anger draining away, the tears falling faster than ever. Sobs shook his body. This was what true loss felt like. This wasn't like losing all his friends and family. This was a loss he'd never truly experienced before.
“Where we heading again?” he asks, keeping his eyes closed. His brother doesn't hear him and he doesn't repeat the question.
He clears his throat awkwardly and turns his own eyes to the motel. It isn't anything different to what his brother and him stay at during a hunt. Just as shabby, just as disgusting and bottom of the food chain. Heaving a sigh, he takes the lead, Cas following closely behind. He knows that the angel is probably glancing around the parking lot, eyes alert for any signs of anything out of place. Dean feels grateful for his presence. If anyone or anything jumps out at them at least Cas will have his back.
“Dean,” he sighed with so much sorrow in his voice it made him loosen his grip slightly. “Please, don't make this harder.”
Anger was starting to push its way forward again. Why the hell was he apologising? An apology has never fixed anything before, its never made him feel better. But he couldn't get angry, not yet. He needed answers and he wouldn't get them if he was angry. “Why… Why did you then?” His voice cracked with emotion, begging him to answer.
Castiel shot his concerned blue eyes to the sound. His breath hitched and panic filled him to the brim. Frozen to the spot.
“Because…. Because it means that you're the only person in the entire universe that has the capability to completely and utterly destroy me, Cas.”
He couldn't believe that, couldn't allow himself to. Dean had hurt him so many times now, that he just couldn't open himself up to that hope again. Instead of thinking about this any more, he turned and slowly made his way down the corridor. He was going to leave after he got Dean something to eat. Once he'd done that, that would be it. He couldn't keep doing this. Before he had come here, he'd made himself promise to be strong, to not give in to Dean. He thought back to a moment ago, when they had been on that floor, embracing each other, Dean begging. He had felt his will crumbling, he had been moments away from giving in. That's why he'd suggested food, that's why he made a hasty retreat. He needed to gather his thoughts. He needed to gather his will power to do what was necessary, not for Dean, but for himself.
Slowly, he started to move his hand up and down the shaft, his thumb swiping across the head, feeling the slickness of the pre-cum. Dean thought he would have been horrified by the thought of holding another man's penis, but he wasn't. He was enjoying watching Cas come apart at the seams. He enjoyed watching his head tilt back. He enjoyed watching his eyes roll into the back of his head. He enjoyed hearing those small little moans of pleasure. And it was all because of Dean.
“Tough.” With that, Cas released his wrist and was gone from the room. Dean felt the emptiness once again and tried not to think about how Cas was probably just trying to find a reason to leave without him clinging to him.
“I'm saying I understand. I will always be your friend and I hope you still think of me as such. But..” And there it was, that big, resounding 'BUT'. “But I can't be around you socially at the moment. Any threats or business, don't hesitate to call me. I will always come. For now, I just need to keep my distance.”
Dean gulped past the lump in his throat. Sam had found out what the catch was. A big part of him wanted to know what was going on, wanted to know what they would have to sacrifice in order to do the spell. But a bigger part of him didn't want to know, so he stayed quiet.
Please tell me what you think. And keep the Kudos coming. It all means a lot to me. Thank you for all your support for the last chapter.
Once they were both under the covers, both lying on their sides, facing each other, Dean felt the exhaustion slowly taking over. He didn't want to sleep, he didn't want to let his guard down. Fear gripped his heart. What if he slept and Cas was gone when he woke up? Cas didn't need to sleep, so what if he led there the entire time thinking? What if he came to the conclusion that this was too much? What if he changed his mind?
Castiel felt that small slither of hope again and he desperately started to push it down. “Why? He's the one that made it very clear to me that he can't allow himself to return those feelings. Why would he care if I stop or not?”
He started backing away. Like last time, he expected Cas to follow cautiously, but he didn't, he didn't even seem to want to. Maybe this was a blessing in disguise. Maybe it was for the better.
Castiel swung around to Sam, seeing his eyes angry and his mouth set in a firm line. His jaw jutted out at an odd angle. Confusion once again pushed forwards. “What did he mean, Sam? What demands?”
Dean felt the urge to turn to him, but he couldn't, he couldn't look at him. Fear started to enter his body again, but he needed the anger, the burning hot anger. He couldn't let that go. He could do this. He could tell him the reason. He kept his gaze trained on his brother. “You'll die.”
He felt Jack's hands entwine around his neck and Castiel hugged back, thankful that he was able to feel a gentle touch, a loving touch after so long. He could feel Sam's eyes burning through him, and when he looked he could see him smiling, happy that they had the angel back, happy that Jack was happy. But he could see the smile didn't quite reach his eyes and Castiel knew why. He was going to leave again and he had yet to break the news to Jack. Jack would probably argue, make it harder for him, but he had to make him understand. Somehow he had to try.
It could have been hours, could have been minutes, he finally allows his grip to loosen and he turns slowly, afraid he imagined it. But he hadn't. Cas is stood next to Sam on the other side of the room, looking just like Cas. Trench coat, head tilt, confusion, the works. He almost jumped for joy. Almost. The anger was starting to invade his body now. “Where the hell have you been?”
When he looked through the back window at the road to see the woman, she was gone. His own confusion swelled within him. He was almost positive she had been there. “There was a woman in the road,” he said, by way of explanation.
The love that was pouring of the angel became overwhelming and suddenly Dean felt exhausted, mentally. He pushed forward and placed a small, gentle kiss to Cas's lips. He pushed his tongue into the depths of the other mouth, his tongue gently caressing Cas's and he moaned into it. Cas pulled away, all too soon for Dean's liking.
Dean had come to the conclusion that he was most definitely attracted to Cas. He'd gotten off to sexual thoughts about him for Christ's sake. He'd be a fool not to admit this to himself. But he had to keep it all bottled up. He wasn't in love with Cas. Would probably never be in love with him. If Dean acted on these thoughts then it would only hurt Cas so much more and he couldn't do that to the guy. He couldn't cause him any more pain. He was already in too deep as it was.
Sam raised his eyebrows at him, expecting an explanation to the situation. Dean couldn't help imagine what Sam was thinking.
Cas leant up, changing the position ever so slightly, making the pleasure increase, which Dean didn't think was possible. “Oh, fuck.” He closed his eyes, concentrating on the bubbling in his stomach, on the build-up of his impending orgasm.
Cas's eyes snap to his, pinning him to the spot, his brows once more joined. “I wouldn't say it is more important, exactly.”
Cas thumped his head back against the door and closed his eyes. “That was before I had a taste of what we could be. Now… now I never want to let that go. Never want to let you go.”
Sam had to practically drag Castiel out of the room. His mind still hadn't caught up. Dean was alive. Dean was alive. Dean was alive. His heart started beating again. The pain of nearly losing him hitting him full force, but it was outweighed by the happiness he was feeling.
Nobody moved and to Dean it had felt like hours. The boy, looked upon him with anger and such furiousness, that Dean almost recoiled from it. But he held fast, waiting to see what would happen next. He wasn't going to back down, no matter how much it meant he would die. He was a hunter after all.
He walked towards him till they were inches apart. “What do you want then? You don't want me, you can't love me, as you say. But you're willing to allow me to carry on feeling this way? How is that fair? Either you ask me to stay and we try to be something or I will go and try to get over you. What do you want?”
The drive felt like it took forever, but in reality it only took twenty minutes. He parked the car two blocks away. They didn't want any of the angels knowing they were there.
“It's okay, Cas. If you walk away from this, I won't hold it against you.” His voice was soothing and calming.
With his heart in his throat and his eyes scanning the entrance to the bunker, the silence was deafening after the explosion. There was no footsteps, no words, nothing. An uneasy feeling trembled through his stomach. Something wasn't right. If it had made it through the warding, then where was it? Why isn't it attacking?
Dean's eyes darted from side to side in a silent panic. “Because...” His eyes finally landed on him, imploring him not to do this, not now. But Castiel stayed silent. He didn't care what Dean wanted. He'd given him everything, why shouldn't he think about his own needs for once. “I… I just can't.”
Once more, he closed his eyes, willing the strength to come forward. He could do this, he thought to himself. Opening them again, he noticed Cas had sneakily gotten hold of his angel blade, ready for the inevitable attack.
He glanced around the room. There was no sign that he'd ever been there and the emptiness engulfed him.
Finally when Cas speaks, his voice is soft. “I'm worried about you. You didn't take what happened yesterday very well.”
Dean stood, his legs no longer shaky, thank God. He moved to the door and inhaled a steadying breath. He could do this. Opening it, he found his brother was already gathering their weapons. Cas was stood by the motel door. Dean instantly looked away and tried to concentrate on getting his own weapon. He knew what he needed to do to get through this. He needed to pretend the angel wasn't even there. He could do that. Course he could. Dodging things, feelings, was what he was good at. He was the master of it. But as they all shuffled out of the room and over to the Impala, he found it more and more difficult to ignore the guy. His presence was just so there. All he needed to do was reach out and brush his fingers against him. No, he couldn't. His fingers twitched and he fisted them.
His blood freezes in his veins, his whole body tenses, his heart hammers against his rib cage and his eyes bulge wide. He's here. But he didn't come to him, he went to Sam. Hurt fills him, making him stumble and the need to grab the desk pushes him forward. He drops his glass and he hears it smashing into a million pieces in the distance. His breaths are coming short and fast now. He looks at his death grip on the wood,  his knuckles are white. He should let go, regain his composure, but he can't. His mind is churning with a thousand questions. Why is here? Why go to Sam and not him? Why did he ignore him for so long? Is he okay? Is he still hurting?
Castiel glanced at Sam again. His upper lip was swollen where Dean had clearly hit him. Sam must of tried to stop him. He looked back at Dean who was now smashing his foot into the night stand. Castiel couldn't hold back any more. “Dean.”
He snapped his head to the female voice from before. “Naomi,” he growled through gritted teeth. She looked as beautiful as ever in her crisp, white pant suit, her auburn hair tied neatly and securely in a bun. Her features held contempt and hatred.
As he watched the Impala pull away with screeching tires and Kelly driving, he cursed at the foolishness of leaving his keys on the seat. He knew where they were heading. He fixed up Cas's shitty truck and followed, again through the night. Sam stayed quiet, knowing too well that getting Dean to talk at the moment was not a good idea and Dean was silently grateful.
This had Castiel reeling backwards in shock. He knew he hadn't been sleeping, but not eating? “Sam, I think its about time you explained to be what's been going on. It must be serious if he's not even eating.”
Cas looked back at him again. The pain was back in his eyes and Dean had to force himself not to step away from it. “I'm trying to get over you, Dean.”
He didn't know where his feet were taking him, all he knew was he had to get away. The need to escape was pulsing strong. He couldn't have these feelings. He couldn't let Cas get hurt. Anyone, everyone, but him. Never him.
“What isn't working?” his voice was barely a whisper, but he knew Cas had heard him by the sudden tension he could feel radiate off him. Dean opened his eyes and saw just how terrified the other man was. He pulled back, finally releasing him. He needed space to think clearly and he couldn't do that being in such close proximity to him. “Cas? What isn't working?” Suddenly, he didn't want to know the answer because somehow he got the impression he wasn't going to like it.
“I need there to be an us, too.” It was barely a whisper, but Dean had heard it and his heart somersaulted in his chest.
Dean watched as Cas approached him, crouching in front of him and still he couldn't tear his gaze away. Now he could feel his heart striking against his rib cage with unsteady thumps. He parted his lips to accommodate shallow breaths.
Reaching up, he brushed a stray tear away with a swipe of his fingers. He'd almost fucked everything up, and that was not okay, none of it was okay. He knew Cas was feeling torn, torn between going after Jack and staying with him, he had just wanted to make it easier for him, to help him. Clearly that was the wrong thing to do.
He stood and brushed himself off and with a new sense of determination he walked down the alley, throwing the used condom into the dumpster. Now he was royally pissed. How dare he do this to him? What gives him the right to fuck him up like this?
Cas brushed the back of his hand down his cheek, the gentle touch, soothing and caring, making his breath hitch. With a feather light touch, Cas pushed his t-shirt up and over his head, discarding it behind him somewhere. Dean didn't care, all that mattered was how this angel was looking at him, how he was making him feel. A warm feeling exploded in his chest and he found himself leaning forwards, catching Cas's soft, pink lips with his own.
Having had enough, he violently climbed from his car, slamming the door with such force, Dean was sure the window would shatter. He flinched at the sound, but didn't turn to check on the only object that had stayed constant throughout his life. He didn't care at the moment, he needed to be on his own, away from prying his eyes, away from his brother. Just for a moment, he was going to allow all his pain to come to the surface, he was going to finally allow everything he was feeling to shine through and be out in the open.
“Dean?” His voice again. Scared. No, he didn't want to hurt him. Didn't want to cause him any more pain. He should go to him, comfort him. He itched for it. But he couldn't. Which was the worse case? He needed to protect his life not his feelings.
When they reached Dean's room, he practically threw the man inside, slamming the door shut. Dean didn't have time to react. Castiel pushed him hard against the wall, his hands pinning Dean wrist above his head. Dean let out small grunt at the contact, his eyes growing wide. He practically could hear the questions pouring out of him. Castiel could feel his heart pick up speed, could feel his cock twitch with anticipation. He pressed his body closer to Dean's, bending his head to Dean's ear.
Castiel looked into Dean's concerned green eyes. His hand was on his shoulder and it burned. It burned so badly. Castiel shrugged it off and walked past him, wiping the hot tears from his flushed cheeks.
He allowed his eyes to linger for too long, then he realised what he was suppose to be doing. Keeping his feelings hidden, keeping the mask of cool indifference. He averted his eyes to Sam who was now sitting at the small round table, laptop open.
This is where Dean should step in, assure him that it was a one time thing, not going to happen again. Maybe say he was sorry, that he hadn't been thinking. Yet again, Cas beat him to it. “It will not happen again, I can promise you that. We have come to an understanding now, and things are fine.”
He opened his eyes and glanced around the library. Old books filled the shelves, the polished tables shone under the lamps and the quiet was soothing. His brother was currently hiding in his room. He'd exploded three hours ago, having had enough of the tension between Dean and Cas. He could understand it, he was sick of it himself. He could tell Sam was surprised by his reaction to the outburst, probably expecting denial or an argument. But Dean stayed mute as he watched his brother storm from the room. Once his bedroom door slammed shut, he'd finally risked peaking a glance at the angel who had been stood to his left. Cas just gave a heart-wrenching sad look, shook his head in defeat and left the room without a word.
Dean didn't smile this time. His eyes shone brightly, happiness radiating from them. “Cas… I… need you.”
Dean opened his eyes and they grew round at the sight of him stood there. Slowly, he sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed, his eyes never leaving his, but he didn't come closer, wisely keeping his distance. “You're leaving already?” Castiel sensed the strength that it took to say those words and he had to suck in a sharp breath, trying to calm his beating heart.
He took in a shaky breath. He had begged Cas not to leave, had promised him he wouldn't run. He didn't think for one second that Cas would actually consider his promise. Now, after the question had left his mouth, Dean was left wondering if he could come through on it. Could he really come through on a promise like that? If he was to stop this feeling inside of him, this depressed and dangerous feeling, then he had to follow through with it, there was no other way around it. Cas needed this from him, needed him not to run no more. If he couldn't stick to it then Cas would have no other choice but to leave again, to protect himself.
“So very happy.” He bent and kissed him again. This kiss was much deeper and much more passionate as he licked and tasted the other man. He heard Cas groan from deep within his throat and that one little sound sent jolts of pleasure through his body, heading straight for his dick.
“Stop the car, Dean.” His voice was barely audible over the engine. Dean knitted his brows together  but complied. Just before the car had come to a stop at the side of the road, Cas was jumping out of the backseat.
Dean felt the sudden jolt of pain in his chest. Was Cas finishing this for good? Had he finally had enough of his drama? He felt Cas move in his arms, and he tried to hold on tighter, not ready for this to end yet, not ready to say goodbye. He didn't know how to, didn't know if he'd survive it. Of course, his efforts meant nothing to Cas, but to his relief he didn't step away, he just turned to face him. Slowly, and cautiously, he bent his head and caught Dean's lips. Instantly Dean melted at the feel of it, at the taste and he needed so much more. He opened his mouth to allow Cas's tongue access, but instead Cas pulled away. When Dean looked at him, his heart started to wilt at the sight. Cas had tears streaming down his face and Dean knew. He knew this was goodbye.
Dean felt the confusion wash through him as he snapped his eyes to the angel. Had they come to an understanding? He didn't think so. Cas was still hurting because of him. All they understood was that Dean didn't want to take the easy way out. “Right. But whatever the hell is going on, you've just offered to erase Dean's memory. That's pretty huge. And… Dean doesn't seem to think you've come to any understanding.”
“I'm sorry.” Cas's voice was barley a whisper and the words made Dean freeze, his eyes searching the man before him. “I should never of said anything.”
Anyway, please tell me what you think, I would greatly appreciate any advice or any comments you are wiling to give me. I'm quite anxious about this chapter so it would be great if you could set my mind at ease by telling me how I did.
Dean gasped as Cas's lips finally closed the remaining distance. This kiss wasn't like the one in the main room. This one wasn't Dean's desperation's, Dean's hunger, this was all Cas's. The need pouring of him as he poured all of his passion into it, his tongue swirling with Dean's. Cas pushed his body completely against Dean's and Dean could feel the erection poking against his own through their pants and Dean groaned, the vibration of it on their lips only fuelled the hunger. Dean couldn't hold back any more. He grasped the sides of Cas's face, feeling the stubble scratch against his palms, he pushed his lower half against Cas's which ignited a small moan from the angel. Cas's free hand grazed against Dean's hip, pushing his t-shirt up so that they were skin to skin and the heat of it had Dean moaning again. The kiss was still bruising, still passionate, still everything and it wasn't enough. Dean needed more. More contact. More of Cas.
He licked his dry lips and he watched as Cas's eyes darted to them. The sadness turned heated and Dean sucked in a sharp breath. Cas heard it and his eyes darted away, shame filling him. If Dean had any doubt about his feelings, they were banished in that moment.
“What about with your heart?” He couldn't help the nervousness in his voice. He needed to know how far Cas's mistrust went, how deep it ran. Cas opened his mouth to answer but Dean held his hand up to stop him. He could see it in his eyes what he was going to say, it would be a lie, and he couldn't have that. He sat up so he was face to face with angel. “I need you to be honest.”
“Uh, what rules?” he asked tilting his head to the side and a small smile played at his lips. This had to be a joke, right? Dean's face stayed stony and Cas dropped his smile. Panic knotted in his stomach. He wasn't going to like what comes next, he just knew it.
Castiel sighed quietly. How to explain? He didn't know where to start, if he was honest, but he had to try, for Dean's sake and himself. “You were right when you said we should do this together. We always seem to work better as a team. Its just better that way.”
Sam shook his head and closed his eyes. When he opened them again they were full of anger and determination. “I can't believe this. Okay first of all, you are both a couple of idiots. Dean, more so. Secondly, now it makes sense. I understand why he's acting the way he is.”
Reluctantly, he pushed away, watching with satisfaction as Dean moved his own hips, following him, needing the contact back. Cas just smiled down at him, gripped his hips and rolled him to his stomach. Dean gasped, but didn't have time to do anything as Cas pulled him up to his hands and knees.
Not once in his entire existence had he ever felt like this. This was a completely new feeling to him, one he was very easy to label with a majority of different names.
All too soon, Dean stopped and held out the duffel bag for him to take. Slowly and cautiously he took it. “Go.”
The sharp gasp made his head shoot up and there it was, the pain. He hadn't wanted that, had he? So why the hell was he feeling so guilty for putting that look there? Why did he want to reach out and erase the words that he had just spoken?
Cas licked his lips as he trained his eyes on Dean's erect arousal. He felt vulnerable and exposed under those penetrating blue eyes, but that feeling soon vanished when Cas bent down, hovering over him, lips inches away from Dean's, eyes locked and cocks smashed together between their heated bodies.
Dean had bared his heart out now, admitting that Cas could destroy him. Dean had come to the same conclusion Cas had. That should be enough to hope. But he couldn't hope, he couldn't put himself in that position again. Dean had been right in saying he was running, too. He hadn't even realised he was doing it. How can he ask Dean not to do that if he was doing it as well?
It was Sam who spoke first. “Cas, I thought I told you.” His voice was eerily quiet, making him shudder uncomfortably. He knew Sam had a point, Dean didn't need any more stress. How was he to explain this to him, to make him understand that he needed to see Dean just as much as Dean needed to see him?
Finally, he pulls up outside the motel where this dude is suppose to be staying. As he steps out of the car, he feels a relieved breath leave his body. That drive had only taken two and half hours, but it felt so much longer. He glances over at the moon. Its pitch dark now and his body is aching from the lack of sleep. When was the last time he slept?
A sad look passed over Cas's face and Dean felt a tight fist grip his heart. “I would love nothing more, Dean, but I must ensure all the angels are okay, especially after Naomi. There will be too much chaos.”
“How many?” he asks, feeling like the floor has just dropped from beneath his feet. He sits heavily on the motel chair and rubs at his brows, trying to free himself of the stress that has accumulated there.
A pull on his shoulder alerted him to his brother, shouting at him. He couldn't hear anything beyond the grunts and heavy breathing that now lay behind him. Cas was stuck in a battle with a being more powerful than him. He needed to help, needed to save him, to kill this thing.
Dean didn't wait for a response, instead he pulled Cas back to the bed and they both climbed under the covers. Wrapping his arms around him, Dean pulled him to his chest as they both led on their sides. Cas snuggled closer and breathed in Dean's unique scent.
Sorry for the long update. I really wanted to get this one right. I knew where I wanted it to go but every time I started to type it wouldn't come out how I wanted. I must have written then first part of the chapter about four times before I became happy with it. Please let me know what you think... I'm really nervous.
Cautiously he closes the gap between him and the door, his hand going to his gun that currently sits in the back of his jeans. He grips it tightly, firmly, and peers through the peep hole in the door. He lets out a relieved sigh as he catches a glimpse of the angel. He swings the door open and smiles. Dean knows he shouldn't be smiling, knows that this isn't the time, but the relief at seeing him is overwhelming. He pulls Cas into a hug, patting his back.
There was no doubt in his mind that Cas did want him, did love him. So why? Why all this pain? Cas was the only one able to give him the answers he needed. A new determination set in. He didn't know what he was going to do. Convince him to give them a shot? Or demand the reasons for this stupidity?
All Dean can do is nod. He's nervous. He flicks his eyes back to the doctor, not wanting them to stay trained on the angel for too long. The doctor re-inserting the drip that Dean had ripped out during his tantrum. A sharp scratch and its all done. The doctor leaves, followed by the nurse, the nurse he hadn't even noticed till now. He frowned in confusion. His eyes followed her out. She was hot, so why hadn't he noticed her? Usually she would have been the first thing he'd noticed.
“Are you sure, Dean?” Was he? Was he sure? Before he could comprehend what he was doing, he was nodding. That same finger breached his hole, entering him ever so slowly. Dean couldn't breath as he felt a slight sting. Once Cas's finger was completely in him, he held still. “Breath, Dean.”
Gripping Cas's hand in his, he swung him around. He barely had time to register Cas's eyes opening wide with shock as he crashed their lips together. The angel immediately melted into him, kissing him back just as vigorously, tongues battling together. Dean's head spun at the contact, at the taste and feel of it. This was real, he was real. He was really there with him, alive. He didn't want this moment to ever end as the relief coursed through his veins.
When he opened his eyes again, a new resolve settled over him, locking his green eyes to blue. Cas had noticed the shift in Dean and fear flared behind his eyes. He knew Dean was going to do something stupid, but he also knew that he wasn't going to talk Dean out of it. The best play was to back his play. Cas offered a tilt of his head, an acknowledgement of Dean's stupidity. Glancing at his brother, he could also see the same understanding and fear behind his eyes. He could tell his brother was planning on arguing, opening and closing his mouth like a fish, but no words formed. Dean wondered idly if it was because he didn't want to give anything away, or was it simply because he had no idea how to change his brother's mind? What words could he offer? This was for Cas, this was going to save his lover's life and Sam knew this.
Dean frowned. That's why he panicked. The real reason anyway. He couldn't take the emotions that Cas was feeling because he shouldn't be feeling them. Not towards him. If there was one thing Dean was certain of,  he wasn't worthy of the love Cas was giving him.
Dean could feel his hands shaking, could feel the need to do something surge through his whole body. “Something's wrong, Sammy.” His voice shook and he hated how vulnerable he sounded.
Cas sucked in a sharp breath and his brother swivelled around, his eyes growing round at the sight of Dean. Dean just narrowed his eyes. “I did face them. All of them. And for a moment I was happy.”
A cough sounded from behind him but Castiel never allowed his gaze to waver, not once, and neither did Dean. “I will be… somewhere else,” Sam sounded uncomfortable, with good reason. Dean's eyes narrowed in on his brother as he watched him walk away and the sound of the door echoed through the car park.
Love. Pure Love. It soared and swirled and filled and swam through him, lifting his heart, warming his chest. Castiel couldn't hold back any more. He took massive strides towards Dean, who dropped his arms, dropped his leg, his eyes widening with shock at the sudden change. Once Castiel reached Dean, he gripped the man's face in his hands and pressed his lips to his. The hunger and passion and love pouring through, breaking free. Dean hummed with pleasure as he opened his mouth, allowing Castiel to lick and taste him. He felt Dean's hands reaching around his waist, pulling him closer, their crotches touching. Castiel gasped at the sudden arousal that swam through him. He hadn't intended to get aroused, he just wanted to show Dean just how much he loved him, that was all. But he felt the swell of his cock, felt the blood pumping through his veins.
The dull ache in his chest punched painfully through his heart. He wanted to cry, he wanted to scream, he wanted to tear his way out of the room and drink himself into oblivion. How he managed to refrain himself, he would never know. His vision started to blur with tears and he knew what he needed to say. He dropped his eyes to the bed, trying to figure out how he was going to phrase it, but there was no easy way to say it, so he'd just have to grab the bull by the horns and plough forward. He caught Cas's eyes again, they were concerned and unsure of where Dean was going with this.
Dean awoke a couple of hours later, his heart immediately plummeted to his stomach as he felt the empty space next to him. It was still warm to touch which meant it hadn't been long since Cas had left. He kept his eyes shut as he tried to will the hurt away. He knew it had been too good to be true. He knew Cas would change his mind eventually. He'd hurt him too many times, they weren't simply going to get past this as quickly as he'd hoped. A huge part of him doubted they'd ever get past it. There would always be that underlying fear swimming between them. Cas doesn't trust him not to run again and Dean doesn't trust that Cas wouldn't come to his senses.
Dean stated to move his hand a little faster and Cas snapped his head back up, the hunger radiated off of him now and Dean gulped. “Dean, that feels so good.” His voice was thick with arousal.
Cas held still and Dean was thankful for that. He didn't know how Cas had managed this. Had he been in constant pain? He shivered with that thought as the guilt started to worm its way in. He tried to push it away, this wasn't the time to feel that, he could allow that to plague him after. Cas pushed in a little bit more and Dean hissed through his teeth. Cas froze.
Never had he felt anything like this before, and not just the pleasure, but the connection. He'd never felt this type of connection with anyone. He started moving faster. He could feel himself getting closer to the edge. He hadn't even been touched properly yet, and he didn't think he needed to.
Then Cas was gone. Dean blinked, dropping his hands to his sides. He caught sight of Cas standing over by the long table. He was breathing heavy, the lust darkening his eyes and his mouth was red and wet. The sight of him sent shocks through his body. God he looked perfect. But why the hell did he stop? He didn't want him to stop.
It wasn't too long before his mind wondered to the kiss that he'd experienced only moments before. It had felt amazing to have Dean pressed up against him, feeling his desperation and his hunger. It was just as good as last nights one. He shifted in his seat as the arousal tangled in his gut. The urge to go to Dean was strong, and somehow he held back, knowing that Dean needed space, for the moment at least.
The feel of those bright blue eyes, raking up and down his face, sent a small thrill down his spine. Disbelief clouded over his features, and for a moment neither one of them said anything. Dean couldn't quite believe he'd said it himself. Of course he wanted him to stay, of course he couldn't just watch him leave, watch him get over him. But could he really do this? Could he finally allow himself to feel this love? Could he really be this selfish? God, he wanted to, so badly that it hurt. It wasn't about what he wanted, though, it was about whether he should.
As he neared the bedroom, he felt his heart droop in his chest. How would he find Dean? Angry? Upset? Relieved? That last one is the one Castiel feared above all else. If he was relieved, it would mean only one thing, Dean didn't want him there.
On the fourth day the doctors allowed him to be discharged. For the first time since Cas had left, he cracked a smile, finally happy to be free of this prison. Sam helped him to the car. They drove straight back to the bunker. Finally, home. He thought about calling Cas, to inform the guy that he was home. But he knew he would be ignored. What was the point? Maybe later he would try. He needed a decent shower and a decent meal first.
Cas took a step closer to him and Dean fought the urge to run to him. God he wanted him so much. He flexed his fingers in agitation. “Do you want me to walk away?” Cas sounded cautious, like he was trying to herd in a wild animal, and in a way that was what Dean was, a wild animal in need of taming. Dean shook his head. “Do you want me to stay as a friend?” The last word was a whisper and Dean knew how much strength it had taken for Cas to say it. Dean shook his head. “What do you want, Dean?”
Sam was worried about him. He could see it in his eyes, every time he looked at him. Dean couldn't even mention the words 'Cas' and 'dead' in the same sentence. He swallowed down the pain, tried to drink it all away. Nothing worked.
In the morning, he would act as though everything was fine. He didn't want Sam to grasp onto something being wrong, he would never hear the end of it. He didn't want Cas to know this bothered him either. Everything needed to appear normal and fine.
Too much had happened. Too much pain and grief had pierced through his entire system, now he was trying to figure out what the hell he should do and say. Castiel slumped his shoulders, defeat in his posture, his eyes dropped to the floor and Dean watched as he took in a shuddering breath. He turned to leave and before Dean had even processed the thought, he'd reached out and grabbed the angel's arm, just above the elbow. Castiel froze, turning those blue eyes to meet his green ones. Dean still found he couldn't say anything, still found he couldn't do anything. All he knew was that he didn't want to let him leave, not like this. He wanted to keep him here, with him always. He'd just got him back and he couldn't let him leave again. Forgiveness seemed a long way off but that didn't mean he didn't want him here with him.
So here it is, the third instalment of Broken Hearts. Enjoy and please leave comments, tell me what you think. I will also try and update the next chapter in the next couple of days.
Castiel could only nod his agreement as his mouth dried up. Instinctively, his tongue ran along his bottom lip to wet it as Dean gently pulled him into the bedroom. Castiel quietly closed the door, listening for the soft click. When his eyes met Dean's again, they were still full of hope. He
He had pleaded with him to return, to not leave like that. The thought of that possibly being the last time they saw each other was clawing away at his insides. If Cas really did want to leave, then fine, Dean could understand that, as much as it hurt to think about, but… but he couldn't leave things like that. He needed Cas to know that he loves him, that he does want this, just as much as he does.
Reaching up again, he cupped Dean's chin in his and brought his face to a mere inch away. Dean felt his heart speed up, felt the nerves rack his body, felt his mouth dry up. He licked his lips, trying to moist them a bit but froze when Cas's eyes caught the movement and his gaze darkened with arousal. He gulped, loudly and he silently cursed himself. “Stay,” he repeated. As he said that one word he knew he couldn't go back, even if he wanted to. He needed him to stay, needed to try and make this work because the thought of losing him was too painful to even think about any more. It was no longer an option.
“Yes, there's been another angel attack. Only this one is bigger than a couple of people in a hotel room. This one has struck a whole diner. Only one survivor, a seven year old girl. The only child in the building at the time.”
The entire time, he cleared his mind, cleared the doubts that swam through him. He managed to push the fear for Cas away, he managed to push his anger and frustration away. The only thing that wouldn't loosen its grip on him was Sam's words. They echoed and bounced, the whole time he went about preparing the spell.
Dean licked his lips. “Yes.” That one word sent shivers down his spine. It made him want to reach out, touch him, kiss him. But he held back. This wasn't going to end well. Castiel knew that.
Dean sighed. “That's not what I meant,” he mumbled more to himself than to Cas, but Cas seemed to have heard him. He shot his eyes back to the angel in the back of his car and gasped in a lungful of air at the look he saw. The anger was completely gone and the pain was back. He hadn't meant to upset him, hadn't meant to bring up Cas's feelings towards him. He hadn't meant it like that. He had meant in general, not about anything in particular. But of course Cas would connect the two, the question and his feelings.
“Why don't you hate me?” he whispered, his breath ghosting over the man's ear. He felt Dean shudder, heard him gulp.
Dean shook his head. The sound of his gruff voice sent thrills through his system, making him want to lunge for the angel and press his lips to his. A new wave of self-loathing shot through him again. How could he think of doing such a thing after what he'd done to him already?
Dean had thought about going after him., had thought about trying to talk to him, but he knew it would be no good. Cas was still insecure, was still worried, was still keeping his distance. Who could blame him, though? Instead he'd fired up his laptop, his heart sinking in his chest as he tried to find a case, knowing that it would probably do them all some good to get out and about for a few days.
He was right. Of course he was right. Past experiences were proof of that. They always seemed better as a team, together. All three of them. He thought about every time he'd gone off on his own, how he'd always tried to protect Dean from the dangers he'd brought down on them. It had never worked out. Never. So what made this time any different?
Castiel watched as the hurt played across the man's face and he instantly softened his voice. “We can't do this, can we? It's not fair.”
“We know that bitch was lying through her teeth.” Dean gripped his shoulder firmly, squeezing slightly. Another comforting gesture. Castiel fought the urge to rip the hand from him and storm away. Dean released him and turned back to the trunk of the Impala. None the wiser of Castiel's inner turmoil.
There is so much to see. So much to take in. However, it had to find Castiel, the angel. It had practised for a long time, finding the right ways to use its powers. It isn't sure how long, it could have been hours, it could have been years, but now it has perfected its power. Its ready now.
“Yeah and that's all that's happened. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to get dressed.” Dean started walking away, his heart beating erratically. That did not go down well. This whole thing was one big fucking mess. He paused at the turn in the corridor and looked over his shoulder at his brother, who was watching him closely, suspicion evident in his eyes. Then Dean caught onto what Sam had said. “Just for the record, Sam, Cas is not just a play thing.” Dean turned and started walking again, satisfaction blooming within his gut as he caught sight of Sam's eyes widening. Good. Serves him fucking right.
“Uh, I'm sorry, Cas. I had no idea.” Sam sounded apologetic and the urge to shake him rushed through Dean. He's right, he had no idea and yet again he thought he knew best. When is he ever going to learn?
For two days, while Sam nursed Dean back to health, he waited patiently in the library. There was nothing much for him to do but think, think about every conversation, every touch that had passed between him and Dean, questioning what would have happened if he'd done something different. If he was being totally honest with himself, none of this would have happened if he hadn't let slip that he was in fact in love with him in the first place. But after that… after that, there was so many things he could have done differently, said differently. He'd asked too much of him, that much was obvious. Again, he should be honest with himself again. What if Dean wasn't the only one running? What if Cas was pushing him away? Castiel wasn't the type to do that, but he'd been hurt so many times, he was terrified of it happening again. It's not a feeling he wants to grow accustomed to. Love… Yeah, he'd feel that over and over again. But pain, heartache? No, he could do without that. What if he's the one causing the heartache now? What if this is all his doing?
Sam frowned again. His eyebrows were like yo-yo's and Dean had to hold back a smile at the thought. “An argument?” Dean knew he was making it out to be less than it was, however, he didn't owe his brother any kind of explanation, he was lucky to get that much. Sam shook his head, his hair flapping round his ears. “Never mind. I don't need to know.” Dean felt the hope swarm through his system. Was his brother finally going to get the message and leave? Was he finally going to get a chance to wallow in his pity party before Cas woke? “That's not the point,” his brother continued. “The point is it must be a really big argument for you to have missed the obvious.”
His eyes lifted to the person who had stabbed him. Lucifer's smirking form stood before them, twirling the angel blade in hand, a fake disappointment in his eyes as he sighed. Dean had never wanted to kill someone so much. Never this much.
He watched as Cas sucked in a deep breath. It was out there now. Nothing he could to stop the outcome of this. He watched him closely. Trying to gauge what he was thinking. “You mean… In love?” Dean nodded. “But… You rejected me. You...” He licked his lips. “How long?”
When Dean looked up, he saw the sadness and pain shining from them. This was hurting him, too. The anger was slowly igniting again. What gave him the right to hurt because of this? This was, after all, his decision. “You're a coward,” he spat through gritted teeth.
“Dean?” His brother's voice pierced through the fog and he leant back, removing the solid arms and settling his eyes on the floor. He couldn't look at his brother and neither could he look at Cas. He couldn't be reminded that he was really gone.
The power in Cas's eyes disappeared instantly, leaving them soft and full of love. “Later. I promise. Right now we need to move, Dean.”
There it was. Out in the open. He'd never been so honest in all his life. He waited for a heart beat, his ears straining into the silence, listening for the familiar sound of wings. But nothing came. He shook his head as more tears started to fall, his heart now became too heavy in his chest. He slowly stood, his legs buckling underneath him. He had no idea how he managed to stay up right. He swayed slightly on the spot, the pain he was feeling was immense and he had no idea if he would survive this never ending cycle. He hadn't hoped for him to return, he hadn't allowed himself to, but the disappointment and the reality of it came crashing around him.
The feeling of Cas's arms wrapping around him awkwardly makes him almost moan with relief. Because Cas is happy to see him too. Of course he is. They're friends and they haven't seen each other in forever. They talk on the phone, little updates about what the other has been doing, but that's it. And Dean hates to admit it, but at the moment he doesn't care, he's really missed him.
“Yeah, be out in a minute.” His voice sounded shaky and he cursed himself for the billionth time that day.
This moment, right here, right now, felt right. So very right. They were in an abandoned warehouse, certainly not a place to be doing this, but Dean didn't care. He had Cas pushed up against a wall, tasting him, feeling him. He may be angry, he may be frustrated, but the connection he felt between them was just like their first, proper time they'd been like this.
He watched with fascination as anger overtook the determination. Why would that make him angry? Confusion swelled within and he was about to open his mouth to ask what the matter was when Dean jumped out of his bed and started to pace the length of it. Cas watched him with wary eyes as he leant up onto one elbow, unsure if he should say anything to comfort the man. But what could he say? He didn't even know what he'd done. Another thought popped into his head. What if he was about to run again? He couldn't feel that rejection again. Quickly, before Dean could say anything, he put his walls back up, forcing his face to go slack with impassiveness. His main priority was to protect his heart.
Dean jumped at his voice. “Because I can't lose you,” he yelled, his face growing red with his own anger.
“Before?” Dean pressed softly, his eyes wide and his breathing shallow. If Castiel was really tuned in, he'd probably hear the wild beat of Dean's heart.
He caught Cas's eyes. This was it. He would either survive or die by doing this. But it was the only way. This creature wasn't concentrating on its hostage, it had only eyes for Cas. Both the angel and his brother were being watched too closely, which made this Dean's problem. The only way to get an upper hand was for a surprise attack. Dean had no idea what attack he would go with, he couldn't really think of anything that would ensure he would live, something had to be done, though. And soon. His chances of dying was far too much, but he made peace with it fairly quickly. If there was something worth dying for, it was to save Cas's life.
Cas stood abruptly, backing away, his eyes growing hard and Dean knew what he was doing. He was putting a wall around himself because he could sense what he was going to say. The sight of it broke his heart. He hated himself more than anything, right there and then.
“No,” Cas's gruff voice reverberated through Dean's chest, making him wonder what that voice would sound like while Cas gave him immense pleasure. He shook those thoughts from his head. Now was not the time. “Kelly seems to have disappeared completely.” His voice was sad and tired and Dean wanted nothing more than to go to him and just take it all away, even if for a little while.
He felt Dean press the tip against his hole, pushing slightly. Pain sprouted but Castiel instantly urged his grace to force it away. He heard Dean hum in appreciation and it just made Castiel feel even more sick. This wasn't love.
Cas tilted his head to the side and narrowed in his eyes. “Did you really think I would trust you with my heart after everything?” Dean opened his mouth to answer but didn't get a chance as Cas carried on, his voice rising with each word. “I want to trust you with it. How am I suppose to start healing that trust when you say stuff like this? When you keep pushing me away? I'm sick of this. I'm sick of this feeling. I can't take this any more. Fine. You think it won't work, that's fine. I'll leave. I've been expecting it anyway, so don't worry about hurting me. It doesn't.”
“You're going to leave anyway. May as well get it over with.” His voice was cold and distant and it tugged painfully at him. A few days ago they had been fine and now… now they could barely look at each other, could barely touch each other. What happened?
Pressing a hand over the broken chest, his palm glowing. He wasn't healing. Why wasn't he healing? This should work. It has to work. It needs to work. He couldn't lose him now.
Dean snaps his head up, eyes round, mouth open slightly. This isn't Cas, he wouldn't just not work on it. Something else is happening and it leaves him feeling irked because he doesn't know what's going on with his friend. “What?” he manages to squeak out, standing up and closing the distance between them.
However… However, he could feel that pull, the pull that always took him to Dean. He glanced awkwardly towards the bunker exit, where Sam had left only ten minutes ago. He shouldn't do that, he shouldn't go to him. Before he could even protest against it, he was making his way down the corridor and stopping outside of Dean's bedroom. Hesitating, he took in a deep breath. He should leave, he should go back to the library and wait for Sam to return. He tried to weigh up the two options in his mind. If he went back to the library, Dean would stay stress free and Sam wouldn't get angry with him for making him stressed. But if he entered… What would he even say? Goodbye? No, he couldn't, even if he wanted to, that was no longer an option. He wanted to stay, he wanted to be with the man he was deeply in love with. What if Dean doesn't want to? What if, over the past two days, he's come to a decision that this is too much trouble, that he's better off without Castiel? The pain shot through him at that thought. Decision made. It was the cowards way out, he knew that, but still, it was for the best.
He screamed till his throat was sore and hoarse. The tears slid hotly down his flushed cheeks as he struggled to breath. He rubbed at the ache in his chest. This was why he kept his walls firmly in place, this was why he didn't open himself up to emotions.
Eventually, the symbol lets of a blast so strong that it sends its vessel flying through the air, tumbling head over heels as the wind pushes past. It lands hard onto the concrete floor. If it had been human, it would have hurt all over, or perhaps broken a couple of bones, but it wasn't human and a fall like that didn't do much damage.
A deep, rolling laugh sounded in his ear, making him shiver again. It was the complete opposite of the whistle, which was surprising. The creatures laugh wasn't a victory laugh, it wasn't a humorous laugh. It was more like a 'here we are again' laugh. Cas seemed to have caught on to that as well, frowning, his lips pressed tightly together and head cocked. It was clear to everyone that Dean was the hostage, probably because of his connection with Cas. In that moment, for the first time since they had started a relationship, regret filled him. If he had been strong enough, brave enough, to resist, perhaps they wouldn't be here now. Perhaps there would be no hostage and they would have a fair shot at the creature. But even as he thought it, he pressed the thought back, because no matter what, he will never regret the time they had shared together, whether that be with his death, Cas's or his brothers. He would never take any of it back.
He heard the large metal door close behind him, echoing through the empty room. He could feel Cas's presence behind him, could feel the warmth of him. He so badly wanted to turn around and grab him, kiss him, show him just how much he missed him. He did turn, but he didn't reach out, instead he clenched his fists as his side, hoping to hold back the urge. His eyes roamed over the shadows that flickered across the angels face. When his eyes caught blue ones, he gulped past the lump in his throat. Cas looked dejected, sorry and was silently waiting for Dean's explosion. On any other day, with any other situation, he probably would have erupted with rage. But as it was, he was just too happy to have him here alive.
He latched his eyes on to Cas again, hoping to see some concern or reassurance or even understanding. But his face was closed off, no emotion showing. He was expecting Dean to run and God, he was so damn close to doing just that.
Sam's heavy breathing could be heard from the doorway as the light spilled into the room. Dean could almost hear the cogs working in his brothers brain, he was trying to figure out a new way to get Dean to leave the room. “Dean?”
He needed Dean like he needed to breath. He needed to be close to him, needed to have him, hold him, kiss him, soothe him. That was the truth of it all. So what was he doing here? Why was he putting them both through this pain? It seemed suddenly unnecessary. He cursed himself for doing this. He knew, at the time, that his reasoning had seemed justifiable. But now…?
“Tell me why. You have exhausted your contacts. Now its time to try mine.” Cas releases his arm but maintains eye contact, refusing to release Dean from its hold.
Even if he was willing to go there with the dude, he didn't think Cas would feel that inexplicable pull like Dean did. Cas has never looked at him like he wanted to devour him, has never looked at him like he wanted to ravish him. Cas didn't feel that sexual attraction. Dean was most definitely okay with that. Would always be okay with that, he hoped.
Turning on the spot, he sees his brother being held at knife point. Automatically he takes a step forward but freezes when the person holding the knife digs in slightly, causing a stream of red to flow from point of impact. The man has black eyes and is smirking with a devil-may-care smile. He really hates demons, like really hates them. He puts on his best scowl and tries to think of some way to get out of this. He ignores the twist in his gut and the way his heart constricts painfully.
“We'll find her,” Dean's voice was like velvet to his ears. Oh, how he'd missed that voice. But when he looked back at him, he felt that all to familiar ache that he'd grown accustomed to since their last meeting. Castiel couldn't say anything, didn't know what to say, so he just nodded in reply.
Cas. He could picture the lust that had filled those blue eyes, could almost feel the erection Cas had, poking at his ass. He gulped past his arousal. He shouldn't be thinking about that. Not when he had a crisis going on. He needed to figure out what he was going to tell Sam. But he couldn't get rid of those thoughts. He wanted the angel so badly it hurt. Dean thought back to the panic that he'd felt. Why did he feel that? He loved the guy. Isn't that what people do when they're attracted to one another? Have sex? So why? A small voice at the back of his brain started to get louder and louder. At first he couldn't make out what it was saying. After a few moments of glaring at the tiles, he figured it out. It's because its not just a hook-up, its someone he's in love with.
He could feel eyes burning through the side of his face and he knew Sam wanted to talk. Low and behold, two seconds later, Sam was trying to pull him into a conversation about Cas. He didn't want to talk about it, he didn't want to acknowledge it, because if he did, he knew he would break and they couldn't afford that now. He shut his brother down quickly. His brother got the hint just as quickly, letting out a defeated sigh.
Panic pushing him, he rushed over to the broken, bloody body on the ground, crouching down, yelling his name. He lifted his head, searched the green eyes before him. This couldn't be happening. He couldn't leave now. Not now. Castiel didn't know if he could survive without him.
The scorching water mixed with the salty tears, cascading down his skin. He'd fucked it all up. Fucked everything up. He thought he could get away with it. Get away with having him and not feel anything. He had been so wrong.
Looking down at the man he so deeply loved, he softened his eyes, pouring all the sadness and grief he was feeling into them. He heard Cas gasp at the change. The angel stood on shaky legs. Sam reached out and grabbed him, steadying him. A spike of jealousy shot through him. It should be him helping Cas, not his brother. But he tramped it down. He needed to remember, to keep in mind why he was keeping his distance.
Oh God. He knew it was coming. He wasn't able to hold it back no more. He darted his eyes towards his brother. He suddenly didn't care that his brother was going to know everything. All that mattered was making Cas believe he did deserve happiness. That he deserved so much more.
“Don't I get a say?” Dean froze, his hand hovering over the door handle. “You've said what you needed to say. What about me? Don't I get to say my peace?”
“Cas?” He watched as Cas's body stiffened with tension and Dean had never hated himself more. The tears finally came then, no longer able to hold them back. This is what he's become now, an emotional wreck. Somehow he was okay with that.
I am so sorry for the really long wait. Life hasn't been kind to me recently. But I am back now, I hope you can all forgive me.
Dean's heart broke for him. Through all his confusion and all his running away and being angry, he'd forgotten that Cas was hurting. It was obvious that Dean was rejecting him, and yet, not once had he thought about how Cas was feeling. He wiped his tears away with the palm of his hand and stood. Cas watched him warily.
Nobody moved for the longest of moments. Dean opened his mouth, to tell him to hurry and go if he was going to, but Cas spoke softly first. “I can't.”
Sam placed a hand on his shoulder, sympathy in his eyes. “Dean, it must have been a pretty big argument, and I can tell you're blaming yourself for it… but I really don't think Cas should be sleeping.”
He opens up the search bar and starts searching local news. There has to be something that indicates something happening. Maybe his brother has been found, seriously hurt, and is going by John Doe or something. With that thought, he jumps up from the table and grabs his phone from the bed. Its only a small town, so only one hospital and one morgue. He feels sick as he makes the calls. Sighs with frustration when the hospital hasn't got a John Doe by Sam's description or anyone matching the names he gives them. The sickness intensifies as he makes the call to the morgue and yells with increased frustration as they haven't received anyone either. Silently he's relieved that his brother isn't dead, at the same time he wants this not knowing to be over. Its like being in limbo. Is his brother hurt? Is he being tortured? Is he already dead and they just haven't found his body yet?
Dean stumbled back, his eyes growing wide as Cas's arm came down in an arc, angle blade pointing down towards the creature. He wanted to yell, wanted to scream, because surely it wouldn't be that easy. He couldn't do anything, though, frozen to the spot as he watched as if in slow motion. An arm shot out grabbing the end of the blade, stopping the stabbing motion.
“It would be best if I leave.” He can see the anguish in his blue eyes at that small sentence, and Dean wants to take it all away, relieve him of it all.
“That's it?” He couldn't help himself, he needed answers and he needed them now. He clenched his fists at his sides as Cas froze, keeping his back to him. “That's it? Really?”
He tried to hold of his climax, not wanting this amazing moment to end. He rocked faster and faster against Cas's hips. “Dean, I'm so close.”
Finally the cum stopped and his cock twitched with the aftershocks. Dean shivered with the arousal that still swam through him. He watched in awe as Cas closed his eyes and shivered as well. The angel finally collapsed on top of him. Dean cradled his head, stroking soothing patterns across his head. He could feel Cas's cock twitch inside him and he groaned from the pleasure of it.
“I need to know your okay. Please, Cas, every half hour.” He was back to begging again and Cas's eyes widened in shock. Dean never begged which meant only one thing to the people around him, he really needed this.
“So, what's this lead then?” Dean asked, sitting next to Castiel. He leaned back in his chair and put his booted feet on the table. His posture screamed relaxed and content. But Castiel could see beyond it, he could see Dean was worrying himself sick. Over what, Castiel couldn't tell. Perhaps it was what his brother had said. Maybe it was something else entirely.
Cas looked over his shoulder at Dean, their eyes locked. And Dean knew. He knew that whatever Cas was planning meant he was going to lose him for good, he could see the 'goodbye' and the 'I love you' written across his face. Dean wanted to scream at him, beg him not to do anything stupid, but just as he opened his mouth, a whistle rang through the bunker, loud and high-pitched, singing a tune that he didn't recognise.
He gripped the door handle firmly, ready to fling it open and storm into the bedroom. A part of him hoped Sam wasn't there. He didn't need his concern right now, didn't need his million and one questions. At the same time he hoped he would still be there, because maybe, just maybe, he would be a buffer between him and Cas. Neither his brother or the angel would broach any kind of emotional conversation with the other in the room.
Catching him off guard, he felt Dean's hand grabbing his and then he was being pulled through the bunker. Cas could hear Sam's protests, but they both ignored him as they fled from the room. All too soon he was being pushed inside Dean's room. He spun and watched Dean with wide eyes. It was the first time he had actually laid eyes on his since Jack's departure. He just couldn't handle it if Dean blamed him, if Dean felt it was all his fault for losing him like that. So he was careful not to look at him. But now he could see that Dean was tense and also avoiding his eyes as he moved around his room. Cas watched with confusion as he grabbed a duffel bag and started stashing Cas's clothes into it, a bit too violently for his liking.
“Well, I would say this is a surprise, but it really isn't. I didn't think it would take you long to figure it out.” She took a step towards him and froze. She'd been expecting him to push his way towards her, even with the shackles on. But the only movement he made was jutting out his chin defiantly. He kept his mouth shut, hoping she would give him something about what was to come next. She didn't disappoint. “The easy thing to do would be to just kill you, right here, right now.” She sighed. “But you need to be punished. I know that if I gave you a choice, you would always pick the human Winchesters over your own kin. So… here's what's going to happen-” She closed the distance between them, and Castiel just stared her down, the hatred pouring from every cell in his body. She reached into the inside pocket of his trench coat and pulled out his cell phone. “You are going to call Dean Winchester. You are going to tell him that I was here but have left. You are going to tell him that you think there might be clues as to where my next location is. Then convince him you need help with it. Once he gets here, we are going to kill him. With him dead, with both the Winchesters dead. I am going to take you home, Castiel, and you can be free from all these human emotions. We can forget any of this ever happened.”
Dean was grateful that Cas had gotten the hint. He needed his space. Needed time to gather his thoughts. He couldn't do that with Cas in such close proximity. He glanced at his brother. Sam was sat the motel table, laptop open and his concentration face on, the thing at the morgue didn't tell them anything different about the case. It was an angel that much they knew. Sam stopped typing and now his eyes darted back and forth, reading. Sam had definitely not noticed anything different between him and Cas, not since the big reveal anyway, another thing he was grateful for.  He remembered the way Cas had looked at him in that diner, and heat spread through him at the intense look in Cas's eyes. His mind had stuttered to a close and he couldn't think clearly.
Cas pulled his finger out again, then pushed it back in, his pace picking up. Dean moaned, rolling his head. This wasn't that bad. It actually felt kind of nice. But he knew it was only going to get worse or better from here. “Ready for another one?” Dean nodded. He felt another finger prod at his hole. When it pushed past the tight ring of muscles, Dean gasped with pleasure. There was no burning this time, just pure pleasure. His eyes locked with Cas's. Cas was looking at him with awe. It was so intense that Dean couldn't look away. He felt the fingers pumping him, the speed quickening, hitting something delicious inside him.
Dean frowned then. There was only one possible answer to that and he wasn't sure if it was the right thing to say. But he had to, didn't he? It was the right thing to do. He had to do this for Cas. Cas needed to hear it.
Cas won't look at him as he shuffles from foot to foot, his body tense. “I… I had some thinking to do.”
A few moments passed and finally, finally, Sam withdrew from the room, sighing heavily, closing the door behind him. Dean released a hard breath, a breath he hadn't realised he was holding. Silence, at last. He was alone again, alone to keep feeling this agonising pain. To keep feeling everything he damn well deserved.
“Of falling in love. I got… angry and I…” He stood, turning his back to Dean. Dean contemplated if he should follow, but chose not to. Cas probably needed his space and he definitely did. “I'm sorry,” Cas turned back around, tears now flowing freely down his face. “I'm sorry for telling you. I'm sorry I've ruined our friendship. I'm just… sorry.”
Dean mumbled about needing some air and stepped out of the car. They had barely been in the car ten minutes, Dean couldn't really need air so soon. Unless it was an excuse to get away from him. Pain pierced through him again, small pin pricks this time instead of the heavy assaulting punch he'd felt before.
“Dean, please.” Still Dean didn't say anything, silently praying for his brother to leave in peace. Usually, his brother wouldn't stay for long, couple of minuets at most. Sam would sense it was pointless and just leave, ready to try again soon. This time was different. This time he heard footsteps draw closer to the bed. He forced himself to keep staring at that damn white ceiling. He was not curious about what his brother was doing. He wasn't allowed to feel anything but the pain he felt at losing the best thing that had ever happened to him. Nothing but this bottomless pit of agony.
Dean didn't allow his face to waver, didn't drop the stern expression. “It's time we be honest with ourselves, Cas. You're not happy, not unless you're out they're helping. So Go.”
The warmth makes him gasp, which he somehow manages to muffle with another cough. For the first time since Cas got here, he looks him straight in the eye. He can see the sadness and the helplessness there and he wants to wipe it all away because, damn him to hell, he hates the sight of it. Hates it because it has no business being there on such a beautiful face, in such beautiful eyes.
Without much thought, he pulled his hand free from Cas's boxers, releasing his cock. Cas's eyes sprang open with confusion, but soon his eyes clouded over with lust as he watched Dean lick at his fingers. The pre-cum slid smoothly down his throat and he hummed at the taste. It was sweet and so amazing. He wanted more. So much more.
He closed his eyes tightly, willing himself to take a breath. After what seemed like too long, his lungs finally allowed oxygen back in and he was able to breath once more. He opened his eyes again and was shocked that Cas had moved across the room without being heard. He was now standing at the other end of the table, opposite him, that stupid sad look written upon his face still.
“It's okay, Dean, I understand.” He smiled sadly, his lips curling upwards, making Dean's heart jolt painfully. He thought Cas knew what he was trying to say, but he didn't, he was assuming he was being rejected, the pain in his eyes was clear evidence of that.
It was too much. Everything was too much. He wanted so badly to be out of this vicious cycle that had its claws buried deep inside him. After Dean had collapsed on the floor, Castiel thought his heart had been ripped from his chest as the panic swelled within him. He hadn't realised he was so bad. He really didn't. There he'd been, on the floor, breathing, but unconscious, proof that Dean was in a really bad place. He waited for two days, two days of Sam telling him small reports of Dean's health. He was eating, if you could call it that, a sandwich here and there, not much, not like he use to eat. He'd finally showered, which Sam seemed ecstatic about, might have something to do with the smell, not that Cas noticed. According to Sam, he still wasn't sleeping though, which Cas didn't find all that surprising considering Dean hardly slept anyway.
Cas's eyes filled with sadness and some of his own longing. He didn't want this any more than Dean did, he realised, and that did fill Dean with hope. Because he wanted to stay, he wanted to be near him. No, he needed this. This was something he needed to do. “It won't be forever, I promise.”
“Yeah. Tomorrow, though. I just need to hold you.” He pushed Cas off and they both stood. He knew he should have argued against this, but he needed to be held, and in turn needed to hold Dean. Exhaustion was creeping in, which was strange because he was an angel, but maybe it was because of all these emotions. He had heard the phrase before – emotionally tired. Was that what was happening to him now?
He knew what he had to do. He hoped he could do it. But he had to show Cas that he was in this completely, that he didn't want to run no more. Ever so slowly he moved up the bed, his eyes said everything they needed to and it only took Cas a moment to understand what Dean meant. He crawled up and over him, his lips finding Dean's again.
Anger will be what makes him survive. Anger will be what pushes him forward. Anger will be what keeps him fighting this losing war.
“Dean, we need to talk.” His voice was low and cautious and Dean swallowed down the lump that was slowly forming in his throat. He tried to ignore the loud thudding of his heart and his nerves were automatically set on fire. Dean had been right. Whatever Cas wanted to say wasn't good.
The demons come forward, all five of them, circling him. Then he's free and being shoved to the hard floor. It hurts his back, but he fights, he fights with everything he has in him. He will not go willingly, he will not allow them to do whatever it is they are going to do. His brother would never forgive him if he didn't. But its also not in his nature to go quietly.
Castiel felt his face flush with anger. Why was he talking like he wasn't here? “You think I want to?” he bellowed, his voice rumbling through his chest as his pushed past Dean. “You have no idea what you're talking about, so why don't you mind your own business.”
Dean couldn't do this, not now. He needed time to get his thoughts together, to figure out how to act around Cas. Before Dean could put up a fight about it, Sam had already pulled his phone out and started dialling Cas. A small part of him hoped Cas would be too pissed to pick up the phone. Of course that was just a pipe dream. He heaved a sigh when he heard Sam speaking to Cas. Suddenly Cas was stood next to his brother. Dean tried to gauge Cas's response to being back here so soon, but he gave nothing away. His face was as cool and collected as ever.
The back of his legs hit the bed and he sat down heavily, sinking into the mattress. The tears had started to come fast and hot now and he tried desperately to suck in a lungful of air. Is this what people mean when they say emotional overload? Is this what was happening now?
He was just about to to open his mouth, tell the angel that it didn't matter, forget he'd said anything. Before he could, a firm hand gripped his chin and tilted his head upwards, forcing him to meet his eyes. Cas was looking at him with so much adoration that it took Dean's breath away, his mouth was tilted in a small, shy smile. Dean held his breath, waiting for what Cas was about say. It couldn't be that bad, surely, not if he he was looking at him like that. While Dean was trying to convince himself of that, Cas's soft but rough voice pierced through his thoughts.
His next thought was Sam. But he quickly shook that idea off. Sam would be more than willing to help, of course he would. He would say something to Dean, he always would. He would find something to disapprove of. If it got back to Dean that he'd spoke to Sam about this… he would kill him. No, he couldn't do that.
He listened to Cas inhale a shaky breath, his eyes slowly latched onto his. Dean wanted to scream at the look in his eyes, the sadness and the pain was so clear, it had no place being there, not when Dean was offering to be in this with him, not when he was putting himself out there for all to see. Doubt clawed its way forward. Had he finally done irreversible damage? Is this finally the moment that he would tell him to stick it, that he's had enough? Dean gulped past the lump in his throat, praying silently that this was not going to be the end, that he could actually fix this.
The guilt knotted in his stomach as he held Cas to his chest, as he felt him breath in and out. He hadn't meant to hurt him like that, didn't even realise that was possible. It had been such a human thing to do, to loose control. He'd seen Cas angry, he'd seen him depressed, he'd seen him happy and sad, but this had been none of those thing, this had been Cas loosing control of everything. All the emotions he'd been feeling was out of control and Cas had no clue how to handle any of it.
This time was different. Yes, Cas was gone. Yes, Cas has been gone before. But this time there was no moving forward. This time wasn't going to be so easy to pretend that his death didn't bother him.
Dean smirked but it soon vanished on the next thrust. There was so much pressure, so much pleasure. His cock twitched with need between their soaked bodies, trapped and desperate for attention. And still Cas didn't hold back, thrusting with so much power, grunting from his own pleasure.
Cas tried to be reassuring and comforting to Jack, tried to support him and make him better. But it didn't work. Nothing he said worked. Even Sam tried, and usually Sam was good at these sort of things. Nothing they said or did worked.
Dean still didn't move, didn't soften, didn't do anything. Defeated, Cas nodded and tried to swallow past the lump that had formed in his throat. He turned and walked to the door, gripping the bag in his hands. He paused, his hand holding the handle. Looking over his shoulder, he smiled sadly. Dean still hadn't moved and it worried him but if he wanted him to leave then that's what he would do. “I just… I just want you to know that I love you and… this past week…. Its been the happiest of my life… and its been a really long life.”
“I'm not done!” He took another step closer to the angel, closing the gap between them, their clothes brushing together. “I hated you, Cas. I hated you for making me face it all only to fucking leave the next day. I hated you for months. When I saw you at that house, I wanted to punch you, to fucking lay into you so fucking hard, but things got messed up. You… you… died.” The pain of that moment came rushing back and he had to swallow past it, he needed to keep going, more for his sake than Cas's.
It sensed something. It sensed something huge as it made its way up a winding road. He cocked its vessel's head to the side, coming to a stop, and squinting through the brightness of the day. Before it was a huge metal door, leading inside a hill. A surge of energy was coming from it and it knew, it knew that Castiel was here.
After a few minutes he felt eyes burning through him. His skin tingled at the sensation. Freezing, he allowed his brows to furrow in confusion. What the hell? That didn't make sense. Slowly he turned and saw Cas watching him, concern clouded his features. He didn't say anything and disappointment crawled its way up his spine. It would make things so much easier if Cas made the first move. It was selfish. Of course it was. But it didn't stop him from hoping.
He felt his cell vibrate in his jeans pocket. Ignoring it, he kept walking, fast, never slowing. His breathing was hard and panic swirled around inside his stomach, making him feel queasy. He had to go home at some point. Had to face the music. Had to have that dreaded conversation with Cas. It would break the angels heart, hell, it would break his heart. But it had to be done.
“I don't care!” His bellowing voice made both of the other men jump in surprise. Then he punched the wall again, with his broken hand, over and over again. Shouting that he didn't care, over and over again. His vision blurred as the pain soured through him. He was about to pass out from the pain. He knew it, but he couldn't stop.
“So do you.” Oh God, he was really going there, in front of Sam. He flicked his eyes to his brother and found confused ones darting between the both of them. Good, he didn't know what was going on. But Dean could see curiosity spiking and he knew that as soon as Cas left Sam wouldn't let it go. He would keep prodding him for answers.
That sort of made sense. He did love humanity. But there were better ways to punish him. He opened his mouth as though he was going to say something, he just didn't know what.
Cas let out a sharp gasp as he was swung around and pushed hard against the door. Dean pressed his body close, pinning him to the wood and a hand cupped his cheek. Those eyes didn't soften though, not for an instant. “Why did you have to make me promise, too?”
The grip tightened again on his neck as its head bent once more, sniffing at his skin, inhaling Dean's scent. “I'm here to destroy you,” it snarled as it looked up again.
He turns to face Cas, who is standing in the middle of the room. They had decided it best to ring round all the hunters Dean knows before resorting to the angels. The more names they cross off the list, the more they are angling to reaching out to the few angels that
Castiel was starting to lose his self-control. Why couldn't he just accept that he wanted this? Why couldn't he just accept what he was feeling? “Fine. I need to go.”
The thought had come to him, he would be lying if he said it hadn't. He could leave. Get some space, some perspective, away from the Winchesters. But they were still hunting the angels down and he couldn't leave the brothers in the lurch like that, especially when it was his fault to begin with. He needed time away from Dean, he knew that was probably how he was going to get over his feelings for the man, but now was not the time.
Now he had time to process his thoughts, he wondered what would have happened if he'd jumped the counter and placed a bruised kiss on Cas's lips. Arousal swam through him at that thought and he shifted uncomfortably. He shouldn't be thinking like this. He shouldn't be having sexual images of his very male best friend.
Cas felt his heart stop altogether. It's not like Dean hadn't said it before because he had. It was the fact that Dean was making sure he knew, that he understood just how much damage he'd done. It was enough to have Cas doubting his feelings, or that's what Dean thought. “I've never doubted that. Not once. I know you love me. That's never been in question.” Dean let out breath of relief and smiled, a very elated smile. “I love you, as well.”
His pace didn't falter, though. He kept the movements going, kept their mouths moving as Cas fisted his cock, as he moved his hand up and down his shaft, twisting and swiping his thumb over the tip.
He jumped from his bed and started pacing. God, he hoped he was wrong. He hoped that Cas would come back, still be as warm and as inviting as the day he left, still will be his best friend, his family.
“I'm not asking anything from you, Dean. Just to allow me to be by your side again. I just… I don't want to leave. I want to continue to fight by your side, like it was before.”
When he opened them again, Cas was focusing his blue eyes on him. Concern pouring out of him. Slowly Dean removed himself from the angel and took a step back. He couldn't look Cas in the eye as the embarrassment filled him. “I'm going for a shower,” he muttered and started walking away. He heard Cas calling him, but he ignored it, needing the space to gather his thoughts and trying get away from the humiliation he was feeling.
He watched as Dean sat himself up against the headboard, wiping his tears away. Castiel forced the twitch in his body away, he wanted to go to him, comfort him, to tell him he was never going anywhere and he didn't need to worry. But he couldn't do any of those things. Not until he knew.
Cas doesn't sleep. How long had he lain there, his mind playing with different thoughts? How long did it take him to make the decision to leave? How long did it take him to realise that he couldn't have a sexless relationship, if that was what they were to become?
He hated the way Dean looked at him with so much pain. He hated that he felt the need to do this. He hated how he was always messing things up, how he always put Dean through this. He gasped in the night air outside the motel and regret filled him.
Dean smiled then and moved closer, wrapping his arms around his waist, bring their crotches together. “Of course not. But it has to be this way. Am I going to miss you like crazy? Yes. Will I be able to sleep without you next to me?” He shrugged flippantly. “Who needs sleep anyway?”
Of course, it bothers Sam. Most of the people don't deserve it and, if he ever gets out of this alive, he will lose many nights sleep over it. Reasoning and logic prevail, though. He knows its not really him doing all these things, knows that he's just taking a back seat to it all. The guilt and self-loathing comes from a different place. He should have known better, he shouldn't have gotten himself caught like this. His mind constantly wars with itself. While the one side tells him that this is his fault for getting caught, the other side tells him that none of this is his fault because the demon probably would have done it anyway, no matter what meat suit she is wearing.
Their eyes lock. “I need to know you're okay. Talk to me, please.” He knows it sounds like begging, but if it gets Cas to open up to him, he would gladly do it again.
He draped an arm across Cas's body, pulling him in closer, needing to be close to him, needing to feel this connection. Cas leaned in, placing a closed lip kiss onto his mouth and Dean hummed with contentment. “Sleep.”
The music is turned down, the smile on his face doesn't drop though. “Why you grinning like an idiot?” his brother asks. When he glances across at him, he notices the fake concern for him.
A gust of wind rushes past him as he is flung through the air. He's too shocked at what's happening. He crashes against the same desk he had a death grip on moments ago. He moans through the pain of it. When he looks up, he sees Cas, still standing against the wall, his chest heaving and his eyes angry, burning through him.
Dean was taken aback by the hand that now pushed against his chest. He hadn't seen Cas move, hadn't heard and Dean gasped in shock at the sudden contact, the heat burning through his t-shirt and igniting a sudden arousal that pooled in his stomach. Cas's eyes were once again pleading, begging. “Say it again,” he whispered, pushing his face towards Dean so that they were only inches apart. Dean gulped past the lump in his throat, feeling the stickiness of it from where it had completely dried up. “I… I want you.”
Cas dropped his eyes to the floor and Dean watched the shame fill him. Good, he should be ashamed. He left, he betrayed him and then he died, he should be regretful. “Everything.”
As though someone had heard his thoughts, a flash of blinding white light flooded his sight and he instantly closed his eyes against it. When he opened them again, the demon was dead on the floor to the side of him and Cas was stood there, fists clenched at his sides, his blue eyes were dark with hatred and fury. Dean gulped and stood on his shaky legs, groaning inwardly as his body protested against the movement. As he watched Cas eyeing the demon, his cock twitched in his pants. If that hadn't been the most hottest thing he'd ever seen. But he had seen it before, plenty of times, and each time it had the same effect on him.
As the silence dragged on, he watched with painful wonder as Castiel's blue eyes met his green ones, holding nothing but sadness and disappointment. He desperately wanted to take that look away, wanted to reassure him that he would hold his promise, no matter what.
Cas sighed. “You and me, we can remain friends. I hope. I just need you to know that I don't expect anything from you. It's my problem and I will get past it.”
“No! This has nothing to do with you. So why don't you keep you fucking nose out? You have no idea what I'm thinking or feeling. So quit it. I'm not the bad guy.”
His heart was a shattered mess as he watched the angel hovering before him, eyes wide, expectant, waiting, hoping. Dean tried to process the question, tried to process that Cas hadn't left yet, tried to process that he was in the most vulnerable situation he'd ever found himself in. He tried to move closer to the angel and ceased his movements as the aching throbbed through his entire body, screaming at him that he needed sleep and food, but this was important. He couldn't check out yet, couldn't use excuses to shy away from this conversation.
Castiel laughed and kissed him again. “You are worthy.” Dean pulled back in shock. “You are so worthy, Dean. You need to know that. Don't ever push me away because you think otherwise.
“This… what I'm feeling, Cas. This can't be love.” And there it was. Dean didn't feel anything for him. Nothing. He knew this, of course. But hearing and knowing it was two very different things. The tears leaked from his eyes as he closed them against the pain in his chest. It felt like someone had reached down his throat and tore his heart out. Dean didn't stop talking and Castiel could hear the pain in his voice. “I can't love you.”
Then she's there. Smiling. Dean's body disappears and he's no longer on a winding road in the middle of no where. He's awake and looking out at a motel. She starts whispering cruel things in his ear, like how this is just the beginning. She loves seeing him twist with agony. But for now she wants him to be awake for this. He tries to catch his breath, tries to stop the panic from swelling inside. If this is just the start, what else has she got planned? He can't think about that, not at the moment, not while he knows that she's got him awake for something much worse.
Cas stood, his trench coat slightly flapping with the movement. Dean gulped and licked his lips. He needed to ask, needed to find out what had happened. None of what was happening outside the bunker, to the bunker, mattered, not yet. “W-what happened to you?”
Dean took a step back, his own eyes contracting. “Don't, Cas.” His voice was low and threatening. It didn't faze Castiel in the slightest. The anger continued to burn strong, frightening off the small voice in his head, the small voice that was telling him that this wasn't a good idea, to leave it alone and pretend just like Dean was trying to do. But he couldn't fight the anger off.
He couldn't do this. He shook his head. He didn't want to feel pleasure, not when Dean wasn't in love with him. Not when he couldn't have this moment the way it should be.
Cas turned to face him slowly, confusion clear as day. “Dean?” He tilted his head in that cute way of his. The thought of it being cute and the thought of that one gesture having the power to break down all of his walls made him angrier.
Dean looked over at his brother, concern filling his eyes and his mouth sat in a tight line as he waited for an answer. What could he tell his brother? He lusted after an angel? A man? That the same angel, same man, seemed to be lusting after him, too? Yeah, because that would go down well. Dean nodded. “Just need to use the bathroom.”
As Cas stood there, alone and hurting, he vowed he was going to make him listen even if it killed him. Dean Winchester was going to listen. Because as much as Castiel wanted to respect Dean's wishes, he couldn't. Dean was causing them both pain doing this and that wasn't fair, to either of them.
The door swung open, banging against the wall. With his head feeling heavy, he lifted it and through blurry eyes, saw Sam standing there, shrouded by the light from the corridor. His chest was heaving, up and down; up and down, his nostrils flared and his eyes zeroed in on Dean.
A shock raced up his body as he felt a slicked finger prodding at his entrance. Dean opened his eyes and latched them onto those blue ones again. Cas was looking at him with wonder and love. Slowly, too slowly for Dean's liking, he pushed the finger in, past the ring of muscles and flicked his finger carefully, experimenting. Dean moaned and wriggled. It stung a little, but he could also feel the pleasure and it made him want more of it. He pushed his ass down onto the finger and moaned again just as Cas let out a small gasp.
The fresh air of the night kisses his skin, she allows him to feel this. A small reprieve to what else he has been feeling. New promises are made, promises of what's going to happen when they reach his brother, what she would love to do to him. He wants to fight, wants to scream. Of course, she hasn't forgotten, this is just a warm up. Everything between here and there is pure lust. When they reach Dean, the real work will begin. She describes it as love.
Sam let out a laugh at that and Castiel grew more confused. How was this funny? He waited patiently for Sam to calm down. “This is just perfect. So what's he going to do? He can't go celibacy. Its not in his nature. He can't go the rest of his life without sex. I'm sure it won't take him long to find some nice girl and take her to bed.”
Dean offered him a small, shy smile, feeling the warm bubble grow. “I'm going to kiss you again.” And he did. It was just a quick, reassuring one that had left them both wanting more, but it didn't stop the smiles from growing, and it didn't stop them showing their love for one another.
“You have a problem. Not we.” He watched the little girl throw the last piece of her bread. She pulled herself up, her feet soaked. With a smile, she ran towards her parents. The warm sun shining off of her blonde curls as they bounced along with her. Oh, how he wished he could have her innocence.
Dean yelped as he was thrown against the warehouse wall. His back colliding with the concrete. After he dropped to the floor, he allowed a groan to escape. Looking up, he caught sight of his brother, knocked out. There was only one demon left. The other two lay motionless mere feet away. The last demon rushed towards him, his black eyes gleaming at him, excitement evident in them. He tried to move. But his whole body hurt. The demon grabbed his jacket, twisted him around, about to punch him. This was it. This was the end. Where the hell was Cas?
Dean didn't know what to say, didn't know how to express what he was thinking, so he did the only thing he could think of. He closed the gap between them, pressing his mouth to Cas's dry lips. Dean moaned into it, trying to show just how much he needed him, how much he loved him, how much he was sorry… again. He pressed his tongue against the slit of his lips, trying to gain access. That's when he realised, Cas wasn't moving, he wasn't kissing back. Pain shot through his chest once more. Was he being rejected?
“Are you sure this okay? If you don't want to do this, just say.” He needed to make sure Dean was totally okay with this. If there was even a sliver of doubt he needed to know. This was a big deal for Dean. It was a big deal to Castiel as well, but it was more so for Dean. It all came down to this, the reason Dean kept fighting it, the panic that he had felt.
