His heart stopped beating on a Saturday. Three years after the fact, Dean can remember talking about macaroni and cheese, Fourth of July plans and sending their ashes to the moon when they die so they can still watch over the other one still alive. Talk about morbid foreshadowing. But he can’t remember how they ended the conversation, only knowing he didn’t say he loved him. He didn’t say he needed him. He didn’t say he missed him.
They’d had another long movie night, something Cas insisted they do whenever they both had a free night (which ended up being close to every night, regardless of if either of them worked the next morning). They both had passed out on the couch together, which was usual for both of them at this point. He doesn’t remember what he was dreaming, just that someone was gripping and shaking him hard enough that it hurt when he woke up. Cas’ face was close to his, calling out his name with a raised voice. But all Dean was focused on was the deep red mark on the left side of Castiel’s cheek.
“Not to my knowledge, no. There are only a select few of us who are able to control our emotions or scents.” Dean watches the dim outline of Cas shrugging. “The government wanted us spread out over the country so that if they needed us in other areas one of us wouldn’t be so far away.”
“Because I wont fuck you, you felt like you had to go out and get it from someone else, right?! Did you tell all your friends how your pathetic boyfriend you’ve had for over a year wont fuck you? Did they all laugh!?” Cas is suddenly there, in front of him, pushing against his chest making Dean stumble backwards. “Was it worth it? Huh? Did you get that kind of release I haven’t been able to give you?
Instead of watching the light go out from his brother’s face, he just looks confused. Fuck, is he really going to have to break it down for him?
A gentle thumb rubs back and forth against the beginnings of a beard and Dean doesn’t bother to hold back the choked out sob. It feels like a part of Castiel reached inside him and tore it out, trying to cleanse the sadness from his body all with just a simple touch. Dean lets his eyes close, melting more into the feeling of Castiel actually (finally) touching him again. It feels like heaven, but something better. Something more. Something real. It’s not enough but too much all at the same time.
“Hey, easy now,” Sammy says. “You’re going through rejection and I need to get you admitted. There’s a wing of the hospital that is closed off from everyone except another doctor and myself with a handful of nurses. We’re going to take care of you, alright? You’re going to get through this.”
Castiel gives a small smile and steps back from Sam reaching out to him. “I’m fine. A minor altercation, but it’s over now.” He nods to Crowley. “We were just discussing some ideas you had while I was away.”
“Dean, I want to apologize,” Castiel says above the sound of the siren. “I know you have no reason to believe me at this point, but I’ve never really used my – ”
Dean hates small talk. He hates any type of talk in general when it serves him no beneficial purpose. Like now. Killing isn’t something he
The words fall out of his mouth so easily Dean isn’t even surprised. They've always been there, right on the top of his tongue. He’s known it since before they were together, and why he hasn’t told Cas he has no real answer. But now, after all the years, after all the promises and steps they’ve been taken, it’s all boiled down to this?
The pile of his old clothes lies on the floor, taunting him with unkind reminders of the last few months. Castiel walks into the kitchen, and heads straight over to the stove where the long kitchen lighter still sits, waiting to be used. He grabs the lighter, heading back into the bedroom. Castiel bends down; scooping up the clothes in his arms, and feels the air shift around him again.
Dean has weighed both sides of the coins. There are always some points greater than the others, and contrary wise, some points that are lesser great than others. Either way you spin it, Dean knows he’s been dancing with the devil far too long. It’s time to – how’s that saying go? – “shit or get off the pot”. Yeah, that’s the one.
His heart stopped beating on a Saturday. He wasn’t buried in his favorite tan trench coat he wore everywhere because it made him feel safe. No, his family had him cremated and placed in an ugly urn they planned to put in the corner of some room left to collect dust.
“Benny was bailed out,” he says in a voice so low the rumbling of his words is almost too difficult to understand.
It’s not like the tears have ever really shut off since Castiel told him to fuck off. Not really. They just kind of do their own thing now. Not like it matters, anyway. He’s usually too drunk to care. Or at least, tries to be.
“CAS!” He yells, managing to jostle his arm away from where the other beta was reaching for him. Yelling for his alpha doesn’t make him feel better, only the opposite. Like he’s giving up or giving in on becoming someone he swore to himself he would never be. In a way, it’s like he’s admitting to the world he isn’t enough to take care of himself. Like calling out to his alpha means he’s the very thing he’s always fought on not becoming; powerless, inferior and weak. He tries to swallow down his shame, trying to convince the little voice inside his head telling him he’s not strong enough to help himself get out of the situation. That’s twice in less than, what, maybe an hour? Maybe his inner voice is right, but Dean notices that by saying his alpha’s name is enough that they have stopped advancing. He grits his teeth, tilting his head back again and screams again, “CAS!”
Hello there, loves! Hope you all are doing well. I wanted to get this chapter out before next week, and let you all know the anniversary of my soulmates death is coming up so it might be a wee bit longer than usual. But I *will* be working on it.
He gives him a little wave, and what he hopes, is some sort of comforting smile to let Cas know that everything’s okay. But inside his heart is beating so hard it feels like it’s about to fricken explode, and Cas, thankfully, just looks slightly dazed instead of pissed. Dean’s mind is whirling, thoughts everywhere. Did that just happen?! Did he really just kiss his best friend, the guy he’s been pining for since forever? Did he really lose himself in the moment so much that it almost fucked up their friendship?
be Dean. The only logical explanation was that the shifter took him, found Sam and he’s the only chance they have at finding
Castiel glares back at him, fighting his fingers into a fist. “Only a complete fool would trust you.”
Sam sighs and shakes his head. “The baby was healthy, appeared to be full term. Defiantly a healthy set of lungs.” He lifts the bottle to his lips before scowling at its empty contents and setting it down on the coffee table with a loud thud. “A few of the nurses tried comforting him. It worked for a few seconds, but the baby kept trying to scent the nurses, probably trying to smell his father…mother…I don’t even know!” He pushes up off the couch and stomps into the kitchen for another beer.
“I wouldn’t bite you!” He yells, voice cracking. “Not in my right mind. My rut was…is….I don’t even remember driving over here, or really, talking to you on the phone. It’s all just bits and pieces here or there, but for the most part I had no fucking control over what my alpha was doing! All I kept thinking about was your scent and then I walked in here and, oh my God, it felt like I was coming home.” His eyes slip close as he takes in a long deep breath, lips twitching with a smile.
A sharp pain shoots through Castiel’s chest and he hisses, kneeling to the ground grabbing his chest. He pulls his hand away expecting to see blood or a wound, but his dress shirt is still its pristine white. The pain shoots through him again, but instead of fading, it spreads so fast, almost like a fire would consuming him in an explosion. Castiel screams and slams his fists slam onto the floor trying to stay upright. The pain inside him builds like a crescendo. His ears are ringing with some high pitched scream that makes him think that surely his eardrums have burst, but still the pain grows. He claws at the ground, unable to stop screaming at the agony of feeling like he’s burning up from the inside without any way to end it.
“I did tell you where I was going.” Castiel replies, looking down at the shoe in his hand. “Just because Cain is killing again does not make him some bloodthirsty monster like he was. I have enough hope to believe he can hold a conversation without it turning into something more.”
Cain locks eyes with him again, face staying uncomfortably void of all emotion. He takes a few steps closer to him, walking mindfully of the buried bodies between them. “With Abaddon’s army gunning for me I was forced to take up arms again.” He shrugs slightly. “I liked how it felt.”
It only takes two rings before she picks up. “Cas! Castiel! Holy shit, you will never believe what just happened! Dean was arrested and – ”
“No, fuck that!” Charlie snaps, squeezing his shoulder. “I love you like a damn brother, just the same way I love Dean! And frankly, both of you are idiots.” She huffs a breath as she pulls back her hand. “I think something shady happened when Dean went out. I’ve been trying to work it out, but there’s something fishy there. Dean’s story doesn’t match up to what Gordon or the other guys are saying.”
Crowley huffs and stops beside the window looking out with a bored look on his face. “The window needs to be boarded up. We’ll need to get a chair stronger than that toothpick you have in the other room.”
Castiel couldn’t help wondering how he was doing. He wondered if Dean had managed to get hurt on another case. If he was hurt would he still be the emergency contact the hospital would reach out to? Or is there someone else filling those shoes now…
The whole thing took maybe ten seconds, but for Castiel it felt like minutes. He steps back holding the empty syringe, he keeps a wary eye on Dean who sits there panting against the chains hold. Will it work?
Letting out a shaky breath, exhaustion seems to take it’s place. It’s late, well after midnight if Cas has to guess, but it’s more than that. Everything he’s been suppressing having to do with Dean is coming up and it’s just too much to have to try and push back down again.
The demon looks over at Sam slowly, and Castiel catches the quick flash of red before they return to normal. “Didn’t seem relevant.”
Dean slips his shaking hand into Cas’, wincing slightly at how sore his body feels as Castiel helps him rise onto his trembling legs. Dean gives himself a moment to lean against Castiel, taking in a few deep breaths of his mates scent, trying to help steady himself before turning around. His alpha reluctantly lets go of his hand, giving Dean one last look before turning back to Benny with narrowing eyes.
Her skirt is still pulled up to the middle of her chest, panties still askew from where Dean had pulled them aside. Memories of her riding him while he groped her firm breasts that were barely hidden in her sheer tank top make his dick twitch and he hisses at the sensitivity. But man, she’d fucked him good and hard, only concerned about taking her own pleasure. In some fucked up way, her using and ignoring him only seemed to turn Dean on more. At one point she actually moved his hand to her pussy right before she came, so he could rub her while she circled her hips. Her other hand squeezes and twisted her own nipple as she yelled out, coming. Her pussy was so wet, Dean can’t get the sound of his head how it sounded when he pounded into her.
It must some sort of spell or something that’s making him act this way. Castiel tries to recall any spell or any type of magic hex that might make Dean act this way, but Dean is leaning forward pressing their foreheads together. Any thoughts scatter in his mind as Dean’s lips linger just a breath’s away from his.
Castiel looks up to see both brothers glaring back at each other. He knows he needs to stop everything before it gets worse, but Cas isn’t quite sure if his legs will let him stand.
The door clicks softly behind him, letting Castiel know Dean’s closed it. Dean’s solid body presses against his back as his warm hands snake their way around Cas’ waist. Humming, Castiel leans his head back against Dean’s shoulder letting Dean place kisses on any available area of skin.
He runs a hand through his hair, grimacing again at the feeling and length. His clothes suddenly felt too tight-too wrong. They aren’t the loose, usual comfort clothes of the man’s vessel he was so comfortable in. These are old, torn, dirty, and just simply too…wrong. They rub against his skin in a way that he feels an odd urge to itch his arms. They are a memory of who he let himself become; a weak, damaged, pathetic human. He wants to rip them from his body and burn them, and any memories they carry of who he had been. Castiel suddenly feels like he is suffocating, which he knows isn’t possible with his grace back.
Whether he believes it or not, Dean isn’t about ready to argue with someone who has that many years locked in and flies under the governments radar. The only thing he can hope for is that after tonight, and just maybe after all this time, he can have someone else besides his brother that he trusts. Maybe Castiel can teach him what it's like to start living, too.
Castiel hates that he hasn’t thought of the purified blood until now. It was right in front of his face the whole time. The knowledge of it all was right there, but without his grace he guesses trying to hold Dean would have been out of the picture. Still, he hates that he has been so blind to put it all together until now. If the blood worked on the King of Hell, surely it would have to work on a Knight?
“I am retired, though I still keep in the loop. I am not dumb by any means, Dean.” Cain eyes never leave Dean as he takes his cup taking a sip. “Now, why are you looking for me? How did you find me?”
this. He needs Cas to know that he can trust him. That he did this all for him and he’d do it all again if it meant giving them a chance to save him and make things right.
Castiel manages to take in a deep breath without the threat of a cough he’s become so use to threatening to tickle his throat. A twinge of pain shoots through his body as he straightens up. His grace responds by warming the area, soothing the ache. He sighs as he feels the pain fade away. “This will be the room. Unfortunately Sam and I do not have a basement.”
“That’s bullshit,” his younger brother, Sam, says one Friday they both happened to be off work. “Bats have been around for years, and people have been eating all sorts of weird shit. You’re telling me that
Sam’s face scrunches up like he got a whiff of something unpleasant. What the hell is his brothers problem, anyway? He literally has no patience left to deal with either of them. The only reason he’s here and not back home halfway comatose with a bottle of whiskey in his hand is because of the law. So why doesn’t the law hurry this whole thing up? Sam seems more obsessed with Cas than he worried about him, which is a first, but it’s fine. He’s just too fucking tired to deal with…whatever the hell any of this is.
“You know what, this is stupid,” Dean mumbles crawling to the edge of the bed. “Get the fuck out of my house!”
The sound of the water bottle’s thin plastic crinkling in Dean’s hands as he squeezes it tightly has Castiel wanting to eat his own words. But then again, how can they move forward if they can’t even talk about what happened?
Dean opens his mouth, probably to say something stupid, but Castiel’s lips pushes against his hard. Dean makes a sound of protest, pushing halfheartedly against him. A shiver of panic goes up his spine knowing that anyone could walk in and they’d be caught. Castiel’s tongue licks into his open mouth and that’s all it takes for Dean’s resolve to crumble.
Castiel glances to Sam and Dean who avoid his gaze altogether. That is strange. Well, maybe not for Dean, but before he let himself rest Sam had no issues making eye contact.
Rising to his feet, Dean stands on the edge of the roof giving the town one last look as he listens to Castiel drop down to the rooftop behind them. Letting out a sigh, Dean turns his head and follows the angel as they walk slowly to the rooftop door. Sticking his hands inside his leather jacket, Dean walks a bit slower, awkwardly moving his body to kick a rock, sending it skittering across the roof. He can’t help but think of how it is such a human thing to do. Cas must be rubbing off him.
Dean’s heard stories about when people hear certain types of bad news and talk about all these different things they feel or experience. Honestly, he thought they were all full of shit. That is, until now.
, in case you have forgotten. I am not made to sit on the side while you risk yourself for me. I am a fighter just like you and Sam, or do you not believe in us anymore? We
His arm begins to shake against the man’s strength, as he pants for air. “Dean…” Castiel’s voice comes out strained. He looks up into his black eyes, and squeezes the man’s fist. “Please.”
Dead shakes his head, refusing to open his eyes afraid that if he does all the memories will fade away again. No, he needs to do this. He can’t stop now.
“I don’t know you,” he whispers, afraid if he speaks any louder it’ll shatter whatever moment that’s formed. “But I know – no, that’s not right. I…I still need you.” Chuckling out a half laugh. He opens his eyes moving back just enough to look into those amazing blue eyes. His hands move automatically as if they’ve done something like this a hundred times before, and slowly his fingers slide in between the empty spaces of the mans like they belong there. “It doesn’t make any sense, but it’s like I can feel you. I can feel you, and I…I don’t want to.” His voice breaks unexpectedly as a tear blinks free. “I’m so
Trying to ignore the way his heart clenches that Castiel is now not only able to feel cold, but is affected by it, he move into action. Not even wanting to leave anything to chance, Dean wraps his free arm around Castiel’s waist to help support him walking. Cas leans his body against his, his head slightly resting on his shoulder with a soft sigh. Dean lets a slow smile spread over his face as he squeezes Castiel slightly closer to him as they start walking.
“I know how to pin and contain a full adult alpha in rage,” he says in a deep voice. His words rumble deep in his chest, almost like a purr that has Dean wishing the whole alpha, beta and omega thing would’ve been more cat relatable so he could purr with how happy and safe he feels laying here.
Every atom, everything that makes him up now seems unresponsive to him. All Castiel can do is just stare at Dean’s lifeless body, unable to tell if he’s even breathing or not. The only thing he’s certain of, is the faint warmth of his grace inside his body, which he hopes means that he’s alive. Castiel tries to reach out for his grace inside Dean, but he can’t even manage that. Minutes tick by and Dean lays there, unmoving. A tear blinks out the corner of Castiel’s eye, sliding down his temple somewhere onto the floor. Still, Dean does not move.
Staring at the dirty wooden floor his fingernails are digging into, panting like he just got done fighting an army of of demons, Castiel tries to catch his breath. Through the ringing of his ears he hears the jumble mumble of voices somewhere above him. He weakly tries to push himself up, but his arms start to wobble at the attempt. Trying again he shakily manages himself into a kneeling position.
Sam’s leg is bouncing underneath the table, creating ripples to dance in his cup of untouched water in front of him. Castiel watches the little ripples blur and come back into focus below him as he tries to block out the younger Winchesters mumbling. He tries to clear his mind again, concentrating on the clear plastic cup of water in front of him. The water becomes unfocused again, colors taking the place of solid objects around him.
The two men look at each other, exchanging some sort of conversation without words before looking back at him. The blond goes to open his mouth, but Castiel holds up a hand to stop them.
It takes a heartbeat of a moment to register what Sam is saying, before the cool glass of the syringe in his hand reminds him of their plan. In that brief moment, Dean reaches out and grabs at Sam again, slamming his head into the wall. Castiel watches as the younger brother’s body goes limp, collapsing in a heap onto the ground.
“I filed a restraining order on Benny the day I turned in you statement,” he continues. “You are covered under that since you’re my mate. If Benny is anywhere around you again it violates —”
Sighing, he throws his head back against the couch and once more, stares up at the chipping ceiling. Sam tosses and turns a few more times before falling silent. As Dean’s eyes adjust to the semidarkness of their room he passes the time by watching headlights from passing cars move across the ceiling every so often; their accompanying highway car sound like a steady lullaby he’s grown up to know so well.
The colors stop in front of him and Castiel shakes his head trying to make his eyes function solid forms again. A chill shivers up his spine, and then spreads throughout his chest. Icicles suddenly stab into his lungs, and he gasps at the fresh pain, arching his back. Castiel collapses onto his knees, slumping forward. His hands grip the orange shag carpet underneath him as he tries to take in oxygen through painful gasps. The coldness is spreading higher, like a fingers crawling their way up his throat, gripping it tightly.
A mixture of curiosity and impatience drives Castiel to reach for the box which Sam slides over to him without a word, forehead creased with a confused look. Carefully turning it towards him, Castiel looks down at a very old looking syringe. The handles look as if they’re made out of metal, and the glass seems thick and sturdy enough to hold his grace. The needle itself is thicker and long, longer than a normal standard medical needle. The whole thing would almost appear to be somewhat of a veterinarian needle if it wasn’t for the fact Castiel can actually feel the age coming from it.
Roughly, Dean grabs his face, tugging him back just enough before pulling their mouths back together. The kiss is hard and fast, mixed in with their teeth knocking together as they both try and fight for the upper hand. Unlike how they started, this is in no way gentle. Yet Castiel can’t help feeling spurred on, chasing Dean’s mouth as he tries to pull them apart.
The wipers squeak again and Dean reaches over to shut them off. Turning back towards Castiel expecting to see a disgusted look on his face, he just sees the angel staring at him with wide eyes, mouth partially opened in shock.
Wait, what? “It…I…” Castiel mouth has gone dry and his throat begins to burn. Maybe he didn’t hear Crowley right. Beside him Dean mumbles in his sleep again, something a little bit more clearer, but Castiel can’t focus enough to understand it. He’s mind is racing with everything Crowley just dumped on him. There’s no way to steal his grace, though. “Steal the grace of an angel is impossible unless cut out probably.”
“You gunna come for me, angel? You gunna come for me, thinking about how good you like my cock shoved up your ass?”
Even now with Dean almost gone, succumbed to Mark, Castiel knows he would never be able to kill him. Even before he realized he was in love with him, there would always be
Past the eyes and the physical form, Castiel blinks out more tears as he sees Dean’s bright, divine soul shining from within. No matter how long he may live after this, or whatever happens to him, Castiel swears he could never forget how beautifully captivating Dean Winchester’s soul is. There are hardly any words, English or Enochian, that he can say to describe the beauty. And now, after months of not seeing it, it's as if he's seeing sun for the first time after months of rain.
Castiel rubs the fabric of the tan trench coat with thumbs, staring down at it resting heavily in his hands. A weight he had no idea he’s been carrying, falls off his chest as he lets out a shaky breath. He takes long breath in, trying to collect himself. It’s almost as if he’s seeing an old friend again. The white of his dress shirt peaks out from under the coat, and his lips twitch.
Castiel looks at Dean again – really looks at him. Now that he understands what the emotion is, it’s almost laughable it took him this long to put it all together. Dean is jealous of Sam. All the lashing out at his brother is because Castiel doesn’t want Dean near him.
A part of him still wants to drag everything out, watch Dean fall apart with just his tongue alone. Cas knows he could do it too. He may not have the same experience as most people his age, but he’s always been a fast learner, just like Dean’s always been vocal about what and how he wants it. The thought of having the power to cause Dean to chant his name over and over while bringing him to the edge of losing himself makes him groan.
He takes a moment to let his eyes take in every inch of Dean, silently inspecting it for any new wounds he might have acquired while he was gone. It’s only been a month, which might not seem like much in the bigger picture, but with Dean’s job they both knew all too well how quickly something could go wrong in just a moment.
“I saw your soul burning through the darkness of hell, and recreated every atom inside your body. I am been inside your mind, walked through your dreams beside you.” Castiel takes a deep breath, focusing on his grace still inside Dean. It seems farther away, somehow, but still gives him relief that it’s still there. “I know you better than you anyone could ever imagine, even yourself.”
Dean blinks trying to ground himself, attempting to pull himself back like his therapist taught him, but he
Dean sighs and resigns himself to just sitting back and letting his brother talk. He’ll piece it together later. “Anyway, so you’re technically a minority right now. All that can change, of course, as the numbers and more data as it comes in, but as of right now this is the way it appears. You’re lucky you survived after what your body had to go through.”
As he walks to the bathroom he wonders if trusting his brother to order his food is a mistake. But having the same dead end conversation isn’t doing anyone any good. There aren’t any answers! Hell, having an idea of what is going on might be nice, but Cas hasn’t offered up anything at all; just that he’s feeling weaker. Honestly he doubts if Castiel knows himself, at this point. Sam can talk in circles and make assumptions as much as he wants, but without retracing their steps, research, or actually talking to Cas about it they’ve got nothing to go on. It’s just a constant conversation of what “might be’s” that isn’t doing anyone any good.
Castiel knows if he opens his mouth to reply, that’s it. The pathetic little dam he’s built to keep his feelings out will break open and that’s it. Biting on his lip is keeping the truth locked away. Admitting that everything he’s feeling is entirely his fault, well, he’s not sure he wants to admit that. He’s pretty sure that
Talking and getting to know Castiel was easier than Dean thought it would be. It might be his sappy scent drunk omega hormones missing his alpha, or maybe putting too much thought into Sam’s words, but Dean thinks this guy might actually be one of the last honest to goodness decent humans left in the word. They keep their conversations light, asking easy questions. Dean refuses to answer anything that might give away too much, slightly on edge to shut down anything at any moment. But that moment never comes and nothing ever dips into the realm of “too much”.
Castiel’s arms drop, wrapping around them and pulling Dean somehow even closer against him. It’s as if their bodies were designed by Fate herself for how perfectly they slot together. Even though Cas is a few inches shorter than him it’s never mattered. Just like now, Dean leans over and brushes a few light kisses over Castiel’s neck as if the marks themselves might convey how sorry is for having to end up where they are now. Burying his head into Castiel’s shoulder, Dean lets himself just breathe in the moment, and finally, his thoughts seem to quiet for the first time in weeks.
Picking up his pen, Dean uses it to point briefly to the doorway before looking down at the paper without really seeing it. “If you don’t got anything else, I got shit I need to get sent over to Kevin by today.”
“You really want my honest opinion ‘bout what made him snap?” Bobby asks. “You pro’ally ain’t gunna like what you hear.”
“It’s estimated that seventy-five percent of the population is infected. Only about five percent show any symptoms. By the time most of them feel bad enough to get tested they’ve probably already infected hundreds more people. By the time the tests come back positive the damage has already been done.”
They stand there, glaring at each other, while Castiel tries think of another option. Honestly, Crowley’s suggestion isn’t terrible. Keep Dean locked up like some tiger in a cage isn’t ideal, but it will buy them some time. The main problem is actually getting the jump close enough to Dean to be able to get the chains around him, then moving him back to the house to keep him contained.
Castiel feels his face start to warm as their eyes find each other again. Dean presses another kiss onto his knuckles, his beard scraping against his skin. A grin spreads out over his lips as unwraps his fingers from Deans, running it over his bearded face. “You’re going to shave this, right?”
He’s not on the bed anymore? Why did they move him? Breaking his eyes away from Cas, Dean sees that his brother is right. He’s on the floor, but still not any closer to having an idea of why he to there. Looking back to his alpha, he gives a small nod hoping Cas will know what he means.
Castiel huffs out a laugh, looking down like he has X-ray vision and can see his wrist through the table. “Bruises on your arms, bruises on your neck and shoulder. The bruise I saw on your back when your shirt lifted up accidentally at the cookout this summer; tell me, what exactly you
Shoving away those thoughts for later, Dean clears his throat. “Does this mean that everyone has just one mate?” The idea of knowing that someone-just-for-you is out there is nice. Doesn’t everyone fantasize about stumbling on some nice cute person on the street and hitting it off? But that isn’t what this is, is it? This is walking around with your nose in the air, trying to sniff out your soulmate while ignoring something amazing that could, literally, be right under your nose.
Taking in a deep, shaky breath, Dean lets it out slowly. He repeats it a few times until the thumping begins to settle slightly and the ringing in his ears fades into nothing. A low murmur of Sam’s voice saying his name is what he hears first. He turns to see Sam looking at him with the phone still pressed to his ear.
Castiel lets his grace flare, feeling his eyes glow as he pushes against Dean’s hold. He manages to just slip out of his grasp, hooking his legs around Dean’s and throwing his body weight against his, rolling them over, pinning Dean underneath him. He holds Dean’s arms tightly against his chest, glaring down at him as he feels his grace straining to maintain his strength. Vibrations from Dean’s laughter tingle throughout thighs as he squeezes them tighter around Dean’s lower half, refusing to let him get free.
Letting out a breath of relief, Dean falls back against the couch. It’s too messed up to think about the possibility of something – someone – growing inside him.
Dean picks up his bottle and takes a long drink. The coolness is refreshing and almost enough to wake him up out of the steadily creeping exhaustion he’s starting to feel. A dark skinned waitress walks up to the booth behind them with an armful of sugar packets and he waves her over.
Castiel can practically see Dean putting back up the walls inside himself as his face grows colder, his body stance more rigid. Castiel screams inside his head at his body, yelling at it that Dean would never hurt him. That he isn’t afraid of Dean! His body and mind ignore him, refusing to relax in the slightest.
Now, all these years later, no matter where they are, or what they’re doing, they have their time set to this one designated spot. Sometimes they’re able to meet up at the top of the tallest building in the town they’ve both agreed to, and watch the sun set over the water. Sometimes they can’t. Life gets like that, more so now it seems. Regardless, Dean knows that when their respective watches go off, no matter where they are, they both take some sort of solace that the other is thinking of them.
Dean learned early on to disassociate himself enough during the clean up. Now he purposely keeps a bottle of lube in the shower so he doesn’t have to deal with having to see the suds become pink with blood as he fucks into his fist. Before he can even strip, his dick is always half hard in anticipation. Honestly though, he’s just relieved he can get through the whole thing without throwing up after he gets off, anymore. Now, Dean has just accepted the fact that after nights like tonight he has amazing orgasms while someone else’s blood runs down his drain.
Completely done and just flat out irritated at this whole new fucking life Dean seems to be falling deeper into every day, he nods. Life may not have been perfect before Castiel, but it was simple-ish. Better than this sudden drama filled never ending hole he’s tumbling down. Isn’t having a mate suppose to be easy? Or at least make things easier? It’s been, what? A few weeks? And it’s been absolutely nothing but near death experiences, hospital stays and mood swings that make him question who the fuck he really is.
. But Dean manages to brush off his deepest, probably longest pent up secret ever, instead of letting it spill out. They exit the diner together, both pausing underneath the small little awning above the door. A cool, gentle mist blows around them, just barely edging on not quite being rain. Dean turns to say his goodbyes to Cas not really thinking about how close they’re standing next to each other. They always seem to gravitate closer together than most people do.
. Because I know, better than anyone, including Sam, that you aren’t that person. Do I mean so little to you that you would just give that up?”
Castiel feels the hairs on the back of his neck rise and knows it’s not from the cold. Something doesn’t feel right. Sam stands at the edge of the sidewalk glaring at the Impala parked in the middle of the parking lot, still running. They both know Dean would’ve parked closer. He would’ve gotten out of the car by now as well.
The alpha smells like rotten eggs and his foul breath against the side of his face makes Dean want to vomit. The man’s nasally voice sounds like nails on a chalk board as he calls him things like “my omega bitch”, “next time I want your pretty lips around my knot”. Blood stains the bricks in front of him as he thrashes trying to get the man off of him.
“You can’t be serious!” Crowley yells, yanking his hand away. “Injecting holy water doesn’t even faze him and you want to keep him around in a wooden box just to piss off more? A wooden box that will – I’ll remind you –
Someone calls his name again, but this time it sounds closer. The faerie looks him up and down before giving him a small smile. “I can’t tell you that.”
“Do you have the blood?” His voice comes out rougher than usual. He briefly remembers himself screaming and flinches knowing Dean probably heard him through the thin walls.
Dean’s laugh cuts him off. A full bellied, eye lines crinkled, head tipped back laugh. Castiel can’t help but smile up at him, chuckling in response. How long has it been since either of them have laughed?
Castiel grits his teeth as he watches Dean pull out the Blade from behind him. The demon smiles, quickly raising it and bringing it down in one smooth motion. Castiel jumps back, the teeth of the Blade just barely missing him. Grabbing his hand, Castiel yanks it closer to him. He pulls on his grace, and slams his free elbow down on Dean’s wrist. Dean drops the Blade, snarling in pain. Castiel awkwardly kicks the Blade away from them, shoving Dean away in the process.
Emotions too confusing for Castiel to think about surge through him as the words catch in his throat. He brings his arms up and wrap them around Dean’s neck, holding him closely. He pushes away the pain and protest from his body as he squeezes his eyes shut even tighter. “OI ooaoana vaoresa elasa. En samevelaji coredazodizoda. Elasa bolape micaelazodo. Ol aziazor elasa.”
Pride warms in Dean’s chest watching Sammy settle back into doctor mode. It took a lot for him to get him here, and every time he gets to see his little brother living his dream is still kind of unreal. As he sits on the edge of the bed, Sam goes over to the computer, swiping his badge to turn it on. He clicks a few things before pushing away from the computer and walking back over.
“I need to say this before I can’t. Just let me get this out, okay?” He says, focusing on a random spot on his dashboard. He straightens his back, refusing to lower his head. “I called because I may not have all the info you and my brother do, but I know enough to know that this – you and I – isn’t something that can be ignored. I get that.” Taking in another deep breath, he lets it out slowly. “Sam seems to think you’re different, which coming from that kid who does nothing but deal with the aftermath of knothead’s all day is saying something.
The next hit he can anticipate, and blocks the other fist aimed for his face. Dean grabs his arm, twisting it until Castiel feels something in his elbow pop. He hisses as a wave of pain hits him before his grace can react to healing it. Another hit catches him in his chest, and he stumbles backwards a few feet.
Dean hums and brings their hands up to kiss Cas’ knuckles. “I think I’m ready to face whatever obstacles comes our way as long as you’re by my side.”
Maybe if he were more himself, Dean thinks he might laugh at how a few handful of minutes ago he was accepting his life heading towards an unknown future, and now, how quickly the roles are reversed; but he can’t feel anything.
Something wet drips off the tip of Castiel’s nose onto Dean lying beneath him. He feels another trickle running down the side of his face. Sweat. He is sweating. Castiel grabs Dean’s wrist as he tries to focus and pull more grace to use. A sharp pinprick of pain starts spreading throughout his chest as he begins to pry Dean’s fingers from it. Dean tries to wrap his fingers back around the blade, but Castiel catches them and breaks each one for good measure. The man hisses and thrashes his body as he places the blade against Dean’s throat.
Dean remembers. Images, thoughts, memories of hell when he resurfaced plagued him. At first he thought he could just nut up and deal with it like he had with everything else in his shit life, but this…this was something else. He couldn’t eat, couldn’t sleep. Dean would literally do anything to try and stay awake to the point he was so tired he started hallucinating hell. Castiel had appeared in front of him just as Dean was about ready to stab some punk teenage kid he thought was a demon, and stabbed him instead. When Cas put his hand on his forehead he expected that warm, comforting energy that usually happened. Instead his brain felt like it was being squeezed between a vise. And then, as quick as it hit him, it was over. Castiel grabbed him by the shoulders, lifting him up off the dirty alleyway, and slammed him against the wall.
As much as what she’s saying confuses Dean, he doesn’t focus on it. His friend has had secrets, so many secrets, and he’s not naïve enough to think he knows everything about his faerie even though they’ve known each other all this time. They’re bound to two different worlds, and Dean understands that there are things just out of his area of comprehension he can fathom.
A part of him wishes he could see the green of his Righteous Man’s eyes one last time before he dies. He thinks, wherever he is going next, he would like to remember the unearthly green that lies within the man. He wishes a lot of things, as he feels his hand fall limply to his side, half unwilling, half unable to fight back. After all his years of trying to defend and protect his human, his charge, his Righteous Man, he is finally going to be killed by those hands. Maybe, he hopes, that will be enough to bring him back.
“Wait, what?” He asks, slamming on his breaks as the car in front of him cuts him off without signaling. Castiel glares at the bicycle wizzing by his door as the light clicks to red before he can make it through. “English please.”
The ugly part of his mind tries to whisper about how even though Charlie may like him, her allegiance lies with Dean first and foremost. They’ve bonded through horrendous crimes, cold cases and late game nights. Their brother sister bond is more than Charlie and he could hope ever have.
Crowley zapped them here, so it doesn’t make any sense that there would be a demon knocking at the door. The anger that Dean has kept pent up for days comes to the surface as he turns to Crowley, fists clenched tightly trying to hold back from strangling the demon. “How the hell did they find us, Crolwey?”
Unable to find his voice, Dean swallows thickly. He knows this has been the end game since Sam started talking to him. Even with everything that just happened, knowing how his body responds to Cas, getting to know him on a personal level, Dean still can’t bring himself to verbally agree. He knows it needs to happen – hell, at this point it
“Actually,” Castiel says pushing off the wall, walking over to him slowly. “It does matter.” He gives him an apologetic look before stopping beside the bed. “No one else took your statement tonight, so if it’s okay with you…”
Castiel reaches for the door handle, not even hesitating to debate his options. For him there are no options left. The hold Dean has on the little bit of grace inside him feels like he’s trying to suffocate it – like a flame in a candle. Squeezing his eyes shut, he focuses on the grace inside Dean. There is still good in him, fighting to break free and no matter what the Mark says, this is not who Dean is.
Eyes slipping closed, Dean lets out of breath as he tips his head back, sitting back on the balls of his feet. The slippery knife falls from his hand onto the earth damp with dew as he sucks in a shaky breath.
Dean blinks, suddenly remembering himself and takes a step forward. “Yeah, I’ll, uh, fix your tire. Shouldn’t be any trouble.  I just, ya know, don’t want any trouble.”
“Crowley has my grace, Dean!” He yells, tightening his hands into tight fists. It takes a moment of glaring at each other, steadying himself through deep breaths, before Castiel feels calm enough to begin again. “The only way to get it back is to kill Abaddon. Getting Crowley here with that damn Blade is literally the only thing we can do. But going off on some stupid, pointless cases that I never asked you to do in the first place? What sense does that make? You and your brother are both acting like children, for whatever reason, and it needs to stop!”
Sam ends up running a few more tests, one that actually involves swabbing his ass which Sam decides to blessedly call in a nurse to do that part. He’ll still never be able to look at his brother the same way again. There are just some things that should always remain private with family.
A shiver runs through Cas trying not to think about what things were said that made Dean come unglued and cause Charlie to break. Though it sounds like Gordon got what he deserved (at least according to Charlie), it sounds like the way Dean left him was, to say the least, rough.
The world around him flickers into blackness as he tries to gasp for air. Castiel tries to lift his arm to feel in front of him, but his limbs still refuse to work. It was if something heavy is pressing on him, squeezing every last bit of life he had left. Panic floods him as he begins falling in the darkness. The last bit of air from his burning lungs rushes out, and he stares wide-eyed into the black nothingness unable to gasp in anything more. He yearns to scream for the comfort of the blissful, blinding white emptiness again. Everything in him is screaming at him to breathe, but nothing seems to be responding.
“Ah, Cas,” Dean pants, squeezing his eyes shut and trying to focus on actual words instead of sinking to the ground taking the alpha in his mouth. Mm, he wonders if he tastes as good as he smells.
It shouldn’t be such a big thing as it is, but it is. Dean feels his heart drop as he watches Castiel’s jaw quiver with, what he assumes, is him trying to hold back letting his teeth chatter.
Sam lets out another sigh, staring at the wall off to the side. “He refused to leave the ward until he knew if my theory worked or not. But he was causing a disturbance, and having an out-of-their-mind alpha near all these omegas, well…” He clears his throat and sheepishly looks back at Dean. “I went to walk away and suddenly he was right there, grabbing me. I might’ve taken a couple of swings at him, laid him out before I got through the doors to the unit with his shirt and locked it down. Meg told me security was on their way, but I didn’t care at that point. My only thought was you.”
Sam shrugs and takes another sip of his fancy ass tap water. “I made some lame joke about something on the menu and she laughed but then full out jumped me in this weird ass hug. Kept saying I was nice or something.”
the hooks being shoved through his flesh. His screams turn into whimpers as he’s bombarded with feelings, sensations, emotions and
Dean opens his mouth to answer, but Castiel cuts in, “I’m back. Jody wanted to see how I was doing. I should be getting back to work, though.”
“I understand… No, he’s right here.” Sam holds the phone out to Dean, eyes narrowing in suspicion. “Abandon.”
“Dean,” he hears him rasp out, quickly followed a guard dressed in all black, mask included, steps forward, hitting him across the face.
Dean looks over to the side at Crowley, who is hovering closely by, face anxious. When was the last time he’s seen the guy this nervous about something? He can’t even remember.
Dean lets out a low moan as he twists the head of his cock, trusting up into his own fist. “You gunna sit there just watching me, or you gunna touch me, babe?”
“Last time we saw each other I thought I made it pretty clear that I didn’t want to be bothered. I thought we had an understanding,” he tilts his head as if contemplating something. A slow smirk spreads over his lips as his eyes flick to black. “Apparently you need a better reminder to leave me the fuck alone.”
“When you heard him say we needed Cain to help figure out a cure for Dean, it would’ve been nice to know he is back to killing again!” Sam yells. “What the hell are we going to do now?”
“You are so amazing, you know that? You did so well. I’m so proud of you,” Castiel praises as he rubs his thumb against his cheek. “My strong, brave omega. I’m so lucky to have you as mine.”
Castiel grabs the King of Hell by the collar, lifting him up in the air ignoring the angel blade pressing into his chest. He strides forward, slamming the demon into the wall listening to the blade clatter to the floor. He raises his hand presses it against the top of the demons head. His melting flesh makes an unpleasant sound beneath his fingers. Crowley’s glowing red eyes stares back at him almost skeptical. The King of Hell’s black tongue clicks inside his mouth, as some sort of thick dark liquid trickles out. Castiel presses his palm harder on the demons skull, watching as a strip of decaying flesh fall away.
When careful fingers nudge his chin upwards again, he moves on autopilot. He’s aware Sam has to be saying something, but Dean just tries to float away in the haze of nothingness inside his mind.
“Damnit Cas!” Dean sighs, letting his eyes close as he rests his forehead against Cas’ sweaty one. “I told you I would fix this.”
Meg hums, still moving around beside him. He catches the faint scent of rosewater. Another omega? “Your body started shutting down. Your dear ol’ Sammy had you moved to the rejection ward.”
A twinge of pain through Dean’s chest has him stumbling, reaching out to catch himself before he collides with the trunk of an old tree. A chuckle has him looking around the forest, panting and rubbing his chest, trying to spot who the laugh belongs to.
Sam nods his head. “So what do we do when we got him? Exorcism is out. We can try holy water. I really think we should try injecting it. Dean told me he tried that with Alastair and it worked enough to weaken him. I mean, the outside effect hurts him, stalling him almost, but if we go from the inside maybe we can get rid of the Mark itself. Or at least weaken the effect enough Dean comes back to convince him to fight through it.”
Dean blinks a few times before raising his hands in a calming gester. “Hey man, having a kid is hard and all, I get that. You get shit for sleep, but uh, if you need a few days off that’s cool. You don’t have to come in here exhausted. I get it.”
Together they spent the better part of a year inseparable. Dean helped Cas explore and unlock his magic, but it never felt like like work. They just flowed and fit so easily in each other’s lives it was like the missing piece of a puzzle neither one of them knew was missing until they found each other.
“You could’ve ended all these guys, but you didn’t. Was this some kind of test?” Dean snaps, irritated, tightening his grip on the demon blade.
“Basically, you had your IPad at your desk. It was open, but the screen was timed out. Not that it matter, of course,” she mumbles. “Anyways, all I had to do was hack into – ”
Castiel feels all the air leaving his lungs as the last of the grace he’s able to summon comes out. Dean’s back arches, knocking Castiel off him and off to the side. He falls to the floor, laying on his back, head lolled to the side, watching as Dean begins to scream the most unholy sound Castiel has ever heard away from Hell. Dean convulses, almost like he’s seizing, then just as quickly as it starts, his body collapses and stills.
Pulling back just enough so Dean can see his face, Castiel tips Dean’s chin up and gives him a reassuring smile. “You have no idea how much your understanding means to me. You are a rare human, a compassionate lover but more than that, you are selfless.” A pink flush spreads over Dean’s cheeks, making his beautiful freckles stand out even more. It is quite possibly one of Castiel’s favorite things.
“Dean, I need your address. I need to get over there, now,” Castiel says. Instead of it sounding demanding, though, it only sounds like desperation. By the tone, Dean wonders if it’s his mind playing tricks on him or if the alpha sounds like he’s in pain.
Castiel’s eyes never leave him as he slowly closes the door and locks it. In six confident, steady strides he is across the room and he and his scent surround Dean and his personal space. Their bodies seem to almost mold into each other as Castiel presses his body closer into his. Without any pausing or hesitation, Castiel presses his lips into his, licking his way into his mouth.
, and I don’t know how, or really want to, handle that just yet.” He pushes himself up and stomps back over to the front door.
Dean heads back to the apartment feeling half numb and half violated. He puts the blockers on the bathroom sink and just stares at himself in the mirror.
“Don’t give me that look,” he huffs smoothly out his suit jacket. “Less I hear that moose bitching about anything the better. I had to sit here and listen to him go on for hours after you left. I rather sit rounds back in Hell being tortured than have to go through that again. So, shall we agree to play it off like you hadn’t gone and followed wherever your heartstrings pulled, eh?”
Laughing behind him, Castiel lets Dean pull him down the hallway to his bedroom. With Dean’s humor lightening up the mood, Cas finds himself not as nervous as he probably should be after such his declaration.
“The last time one of the Winchester’s lied it almost caused the end of the world. I helped save it, so I think I’ve earned to know what’s so important.”
Dean hisses as Benny’s thumb digs into his neck just as his other hand grabs ahold of his hair, yanking him to his feet.
Even if Dean could get a word in he knows that it wouldn’t even be really heard. Which is fine. Dean’s vented and had enough issues in the past few years that Sam deserves a chance to just go off without anyone’s two cents thrown in. Instead he just nods along where he needs to, or shakes his head when needed.
“You’re right. You saved yours. Over and over again, you saved your brother. Why is that?” Cain tilts his head to the side again. Dean cannot help feeling an almost overwhelming amount of longing seeing it. It almost punches the air from his chest, but he manages a shaky sigh, reminding himself to keep it together for who he’s fighting for.
The moment he realizes what he’s doing, he swears to himself. Months of having to deal with the mental repercussions that never healed properly surface when truly faced with something that should be a simple task. Castiel now realizes that even with his grace it doesn’t matter. His grace can heal the physical wounds, but the mental and emotional scars can never truly go away. Is that what it is like to be human? Having to live with these emotions day in and day out, always knowing that you weren’t strong enough? Good enough?
It actually sounds… good. Charlie’s personality is so bubbly that some of it has to rub off on him. This might be just the thing he needs to get his mind off Dean, even if it’s only just for a little while.
He feels his eyes grow wide as he realizes how just the guy’s voice alone had him reacting. Bile rises in his throat as he snaps back to reality realizing he was baring his neck. The air in the car suddenly seems thicker – stale. Fumbling trying to get a hold on the door handle, he finally grasps it with shaky hands, swinging the door open, just barely stopping it before it hits the car beside him. Leaning out of the car, Dean gasps for air, scrubbing the wet tracks from his tears on his cheeks away as he tries desperately to try and get his mind thinking clearly again. Crying? When the fuck did he start crying?
Glancing at his reflection in the mirror he grimaces. He looks, as Dean would say, like hell. His face is bruised, eyes deeply outlined purple with lack of sleep, lips cut and split and there is a giant lump on the side of his head. Castiel tilts his head trying to crane his neck to the side better to assess the damage, but the hot water has begun to steam, fog slowly creeping from the bottom of the mirror and spreading upwards. His eyes still see a glimpse of the perfect set of bite marks.
“Oh trust me, I know damn well what he’s been through. Your brother – even in his drunken state – made sure I knew damn well what happened before he hit his head on the bloody floor and knocked himself out cold. But, as I said from the start,” Castiel looks up to see Crowley leaning forward, his forehead pressed against Sam’s right before he shoves the Winchester away. “I am just in charge of the bloody demons!”
Propping himself up with an elbow, Castiel turns to look at Dean, using his other hand to place a finger over Dean’s still kiss swollen lips.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, dropping his gaze as he tries to get his pounding heart under control. All he sees behind his eyes is Cas’ bruised and bleeding face staring wide eyed with fear and rage back at him. Gritting he teeth Dean knows exactly how he would react being put in Cain’s shoes with his power. Hell, if possible he’d burn the whole damn world down just to save Castiel. He knows he would – will – kill anyone standing in his way getting what he needs. That’s why he’s here, isn’t it? One step closer to doing what needs to be done to get back Castiel’s grace. One step closer to earning back that trust that was stolen from him.
Dean slowly lays back down on the crinkly white paper, fidgeting with the edges of his shirt. “I told you I feel fine. Breathing hasn’t been short since –”
“God, I’m so sorry, Cas,” Dean chokes out, dropping his arms to wrap around Cas tightly. “About all of it. Everything. If I just would’ve come home instead of going out. Or maybe if I would’ve called. I’m just – fuck! I’m so fucking sorry.”
The clicking of computer keys pauses. Sam turns to face Dean with a sad, smile. “Do you think you were raped?”
Flinching, Dean tries not to think back to how bad and exhausted his heat started off before he called Cas. It was almost unbearable just the first few hours. But days of that?! He’s pretty sure he wouldn’t have lasted. Hell, he was so unprepared the dehydration probably would’ve taken him within two days if he didn’t knock himself out first.
Panting, Dean glares up at him before he gives a breathless chuckle. “Taking a page out of my own book? My, how the holy have fallen.”
that he wouldn’t be able to live without him. It scares the hell out of him, but after all the bullshit he’s been through Cas has always been that light guiding his way.
Without letting himself think too much about it, Dean turns over wrapping his arm around Cas’ body and laying his head on his mates firm, warm chest. Castiel stiffens for just a moment, but enough that Dean begins to question if he did something wrong. A few steady heartbeats from his mate passes before Castiel relaxes and wraps his own arms around Dean, gently running his fingers up and down his back. His alpha’s scent changes just enough Dean can only describe the soothing damp woodland smell to be content and happy. It’s practically radiating from Castiel, secretly making Dean happy he hasn’t crossed some sort of line without asking.
“In order to save Dean, you will need me.” The demon replies calmly back, glaring up at him. “Even with your angel juice back.”
Gasping for air, Dean’s eyes shoot open as waves of pain hit him. All he wants to do is scream, but those two blue eyes he would know anywhere are staring down at him so full of concern and worry that he refuses to be the one to make those lines worse.
“Your omega…” Castiel says in such a way it manages to come off as sarcastic and threatening at the same time.
Even turned around, he can feel Sam’s eyes on the back of his head. “I’m not leaving you alone with him!” He hisses.
“Yeah, decided to book the first flight into Italy to see the sights. Hear it’s nice this time of year,” Bobby says. “What the hell do you think I’m doing, ya idjit? Your brother called me, threatening me that if I didn’t come by and see him to get tested he’d shut down my business. So until the results are back I’m under quarantine. Guess it’s you I got ta’ thank for that.”
Crowley sighs contently, stuffing his hands into his jacket pocket. “Well, now that that’s all done…” He cocks his head over towards Dean with a satisfied smile across his lips.
Dean opens his mouth to say something, but nothing comes out. Saying something as generic as “sorry” seems almost like it would be a slap in the face. Instead, he brings the bottle up to his lips and takes a long drink.
Dean feels his legs giving out underneath him, but instead of falling, the alpha lifts him up, and Dean breaks the kiss enough to pant for air and wrap his legs around Castiel’s waist. Never in his life has Dean ever thought another guy lifting him up and carrying him back into the bedroom could be so fucking hot.
Another scream breaks through the eerie silence and Dean takes off like a shot to the edge of the woods. He feet skid to a stop, body locking up as he hits the edge of his property. Gritting his teeth, Dean tries to force himself to move past the invisible barrier, but his feet wont budge.
Closing his eyes tightly closed, Dean imagines for a moment that it isn’t some pretty blond with nice perky breasts swallowing him down, but an angel with dark perpetually messy hair and piercing blue eyes. His big, rough hands are digging into his hips, bruising him as he tries to thrust up into that wet heat. And, oh God, Dean wants him to leave bruises. He wants Cas to mark him up so he can show the whole world that he is his. Dean wants to use that sinful mouth to chase his pleasure until it becomes too much and then wants Cas to fuck him raw.
His back hits the ground with enough force it has Dean gasping a lungful of air. His ears are ringing, and that blinding bright light is still shining somewhere behind his eyelids.
Thinking about it now, Dean’s never really put much thought into it before. The way things are now just kind of are. The laws have changed, none for the better for omegas, but it just kind of is what it is. Dean knows that without Sam and his inside information on everything changing and going on he would feel like he’s drowning with all the changes that have happened over the years. How do others keep up? It seems like every day there’s something new or something changing. It’s hard to get mad at Sam for having trouble wrapping his head around Castiel being different when he’s only ever known what he’s told or informed on.
Castiel’s eyes soften, a slight curve of his lips twitching into a smile before another cough shakes his body. A trickle of blood oozes out the corner of his mouth before Castiel turns his face to the side, gasping for air. Dean ducks his head, pressing harder onto the wound like it might do anything – like it might reverse what he’s done. The only two good things he had in his life, and now they’re both gone. If he didn’t this to Cas, he must have ended his brother the same way. Maybe he is poison. Maybe he –
It was like being punch-drunk and yet hyper aware of every molecule that made up him and Castiel all at once. It was like flying, but never coming down.
“Stop!” Dean groans, rubbing a hand down his face. “I seriously can’t fucking deal with this shit right now, Sammy. I’m drained and I don’t got much else in me. I feel like I need a bottle of whiskey and a twelve hour nap.”
“Honestly,” he says leaning back onto the pillows. A wave of exhaustion hits him out of nowhere and his eyelids seem to have a hard time reopening after he blinks. “I’m tired. I want to go home. I want to get back to normal without all this drama. I want to go – fuck!” Dean groans and rubs his hands over his face. “The shop! Damnit, I have to call Benny and – ”
This chapter is a tad longer than we are use to, so I hope it makes up for the lateness. I just want each and every one of you to know how much I love your faces! Each kudo, comment, and question keeps my spirits high that this isn't the train wreck I thought it was. Because, ya know, I had my moments.  ^_^'
“Almost all of the worldwide population is asymptomatic, which is what we are calling ‘beta’s’,” he says sitting down on a rolling stool beside the examination table where Dean is sitting. “That pretty much just means anyone who didn’t get sick or –”
Castiel doesn’t expect Dean to laugh at him, but he definitely doesn’t expect how broken and bitter it sounds. He shifts on his feet nervously, swallowing against the lump still present in his throat. It occurs to him for the first time since he lost his grace, that he doesn’t know how to read Dean anymore. It’s unsettling and makes his ache.
“Friend of a friend and all that,” he replies as Castiel squints his eyes, looking closer at the metal plunger. “I can assure you it’s been doing what you want it to do for a very long time.”
Not just for one thing, but for all of it. The guy is right, it’s not black and white, or wrong and right. It’s a million different little things that’s been collecting in some grand scheme plot Gordon’s been forming against him. It’s all these things and more that Dean can never prove, but damn if he wasn’t going to make him feel at least a little bit sorry for everything.
Despite all the healing his body was going through, his fever still lingered. The nightmares were still frequent enough some nights he had a hard time trying to figure out if his sweat was from them or the fever.
keeping him from ever harming him. Back before when he considered himself an angel, it always seemed as if his one purpose, the reason he was created broken, was to protect this man that lies beneath him from anything, including himself.
The headlights of the Impala blind him momentarily and he jerks his head away. It’s only then that he gasps in a lungful of air, flinching at the rawness of his throat, that he realizes he’s been screaming. He blinks furiously at the ground as the adrenaline starts to seep out him, leaving him with nothing but the sharp reminder of what happened to him. Hot tears streak themselves down his face, and he watches as they drip from his face to the gravel below. Panting heavily, he lets his body go slightly slack in Sam’s arms.
His hand instinctively reaches out for the balled up shirt by the arm of the couch. “What’re you tryin’ to say, Sammy?”
“Even after all this time, I still remember what it was like when I held onto you,” Cas says muffled against his fingers still against his lips. “Your soul, it’s so bright – pure.” Cas drops his hand from his lips and looks over at Dean, this time holding his eyes. “Even in hell you were everything good, Dean.”
“Bloody hell, I leave you for five minutes and you can’t even manage to hold yourself together for that long.”
“Did, uh, did you ever find the motel key?” Sam asks from behind him. “I mean, I watched you lock it and slip the key into your jacket, but you said it was missing too.”
Castiel leans in closer, putting more weight to push down on the blade. “Right this very moment, Sam is searching for a way to bring you back. I’ll say it again as much as I have to; this person the Mark has turned you into, isn’t who you truly are. We know who you are.” Dean’s black eyes narrow up at him. “One day there will come a time where everyone you’ve ever known and loved is gone. Everyone but me, and I’ll be standing here, watching you murder the world. And even then I won’t have given up on you. Even then I will be searching for a way to ride you of this Godforsaken Mark. That’s what you taught me. You don’t give up on people you care about.”
Castiel lifts his head, eyes focusing on nothing particular ahead of him. The yellowing wallpaper looks even more dingy the longer he stares, but he refuses to acknowledge Sam in any way. There isn’t a point. Castiel knows deep down all they can do is wait, but it’s the itch knowing that every single atom of his makeup isn’t use to him just simply waiting.
to, anymore. Too much has happened and so much of it is twisted together with so many other things left unsaid, Castiel’s head begins to throb trying to piece it all together.
“You left me for that other guy,” he says, that easy smile still cocked to the side that it use to be. “You and him use to go behind my back when I was at work.”
“Cas!” Sam snaps, struggling against holding the door closed. “You think you have enough strength in you to get ahold of Dean so I can –”
It’s on the tip of his tongue what he wants Castiel to do. He wants to tell the alpha to shove it where the shine don’t shine and get the fuck out of his apartment. But his mouth refuses to speak any of those thoughts out loud. He shakes his head trying to clear his mind and to get it together, but the haziness from before is rolling in quicker. The entwined scent of both of them is growing so much stronger than before a groan falls out of Dean’s mouth as he bucks his hips into nothing. It’s almost palpable, their scent. It feels like warmth, comfort and home. Dean leans back as more slick falls out, his legs falling open like an invitation.
Sam pauses, back still turned to Dean. His shoulder slump as he grips the handle to open the door taking out another beer.
His breath catches as his heart starts pounding in his chest so fast he grips his chest. Castiel saved him from hell, fought through demon after demon! He smites demons with his bare hands as if they’re nothing! Cas raised him from the pit and remade him with those hands, and now he’s being punished? What has he ever done that hasn’t been in the name of Heaven or for what is right? How is this right or even fair?
Cas shakes his head, trying his damnedest to push himself back up to his feet. Sam is immediately there, hands helping steady his body, while his eyes glance over his body making sure he’s unharmed. He can’t find the words to tell him the checking is unneeded. Castiel tries to ignore how tightly Dean is clenching his jaw, or how he steps back, crossing his arms across his chest and how the intensity of the glare seems to increase. His whole demeanor has changed.
“Inside. Benny hit back. Right in the stomach. I bent over to catch my breath and – ” He chokes on his words, feeling himself starting to slump over.
Sam’s fingers brush against his and he lets his hand fall away. Precious seconds tick by as he watches the younger Winchester out of the corner of his eye standing there unmoving as he stares at his exposed neck. Just as he opens his mouth to say something, he sees the light glint off the needle as it raises. Castiel has just enough time to slip his eyes closed before he feels the cool of the metal against his neck and then a pinch.
Somewhere behind him he hears Sam moving around and then the click of the door shutting before his hand rests down on his shoulder. Dean tries to shake it off, tightening his grip onto the shirt. Of all the people Cas was the last one to ever deserve something like this to happen to him. Sam squeezes his shoulder before letting his hand drop.
Castiel grits his teeth hard, tightening his grip on Crowley’s collar. The demons face never falters from his annoyingly twisted smug look. Perhaps they might need the King of Hell, but nothing is always free. There is going to come a time in all this, where Crowley let’s his motive known, and then there will be no stopping him. Castiel shakes his head, watching Crowley’s face flicker back into his human vessels form. He pulls his hand away from Crowley’s forehead, gripping it into a tight fist. He slowly uncurls his fingers from the King of Hells collar, dropping the man back to his feet.
Sneezing, Dean rubs his nose realizing he’s never been around his brother out of the hospital when he’s been upset or really any other emotion other than his usual carefree self. It’s unsettling how much scenting his own family for the first time after years of Sam becoming beta bothers him. He’s known betas carry a scent, albeit it be subtle, it’s still there. Why hasn’t he cared enough to even ask? Has he really been so self involved that he’s ignored asking his brother about something as simple as his own scent? Nowadays that’s almost like common introductory starters for people who first meet.
Every atom inside his body is vibrating with the urge to make it so Gordon fucking Walker never opens his jaw again. His blood boils with rage as he hears another sickening crack as his knuckles connect with his face. It isn’t until he’s fighting against two sets of hands trying to pull him off Gordon that he realizes just how badly he fucked up. Dean lets himself get roughly pulled away from Gordon to the corner of his office as he hears heavy footsteps coming down the hall.
“Yeah,” Sam says glancing back at Castiel quickly letting him know he’s ready. “We kinda figured that out.”
Pushing away any fear that starting to creep into the forefront of his mind, Dean manages the cockiness smirk he can, and reminds himself who he’s doing this for. “Let’s get this show on the road already.”
Still, they can’t stay out here all night, and he knows damn well that he’s not going back in that car with someone who could or could not be the shifter. There’s only one thing that can out a shifter. “Silver.” Castiel whispers to his feet.
Sleep lasted for only a few hours before his body demanded release again. And again. And again. By the time the sun was just starting to rise, Dean is so exhausted he can’t even fall asleep. His body shakes as he stares up at the ceiling, silent tears running down his face. His dick stands proud, red and angry being neglected, but he doesn’t have the energy to touch himself. His whole body aches in ways he never thought it could.
“I want to…” Swallowing thickly, Castiel looks away, suddenly embarrassed. The words are right there, stuck in his throat, but he’s unable to get them out. Tears prickle his eyes as he tries to speak again, but all that comes out his a frustrated grunt.
Huffing back against the couch, Dean turns his glare to the phone still on the line with his mate. He still hears the muffled voices talking in the background, and briefly wonders what Cas’ opinion as an alpha might be with all of this. It sucks to think that just a few days ago he was coming to terms with being mated and being comfortable with it, but never got to experience the typical “getting to know you” path that everyone else has. What does he really know about the guy anyway? What are Castiel’s beliefs and where does he stand on this whole new world and laws? The more Dean thinks about it the more he realizes he knows basically next to nothing about the guy. Everything seems to be happening so quickly and every time Dean thinks he’s starting to get his footing again, the proverbial rug keeps getting pulled out from under him.
Crowley pushes up from the wall he’s leaning against and takes a step closer. “I gave you my option – the only option there is. You’re too stubborn to even consider it.”
“Oh fuck,” Dean gasps, letting his head fall back against the wall. It’s so fucked up much he’s getting off on hearing what Castiel does with his
Cain just continues staring at him for a moment more before he rises from the chair in one smooth movement. He starts walking towards the kitchen, but pauses at the threshold. “Does anyone else know you are here?”
Dean gasped as he felt his energy rushing out and reaching for Castiel’s. Unlike when Lisa would have to strain to pull on his energy which usually took enough out of him that even the smallest of spells would drain him, it wasn’t like that. Castiel wasn’t even casting anything, their energies just touching and meeting, and already Dean felt more alert than he ever had before in his life.
Deep inside Castiel, he wants to believe some part of the Dean he knows is still in there, screaming to be set free. But the logical part of him knows this isn’t likely. Dean had been moments away from killing him, and would have done it without a second thought. He carries no remorse. The Blade is driving his lust for blood.
want to know how I’m doing, Sam?” Dean asks, fingers tightening around his alpha’s shirt. “I’m pissed. I’m pissed about it all, but mostly I’m just pissed I lost my brother somewhere in it all, and he forgot what it was like to just be human.”
Dean rolls his eyes, climbing up the front stairs into the house. “Figures you’d try and leave me here with the Father of Murder.”
As much as Dean wants to just stand here, nose buried in his mates neck, reality is starting to pinprick holes into his numbing fog. He manages to pull away just enough that he can see his alpha’s eyes. He lets out a cross between a sob and a laugh seeing nothing but blue.
“Didn’t we already discuss this and decide that it was foolish?” Sighing, Castiel tips his head back to stare at the ceiling. He remembers many angels dying in attempts to stop the wrath of Cain all those centuries ago. The only reason Cain stopped was because he had a
There are no words. Not a damn thing that Dean can think of. His brain seems to be suddenly filled with white static, and where he wants to get angry, call Sam and all the medical research of bunch of bullshit, he remembers when just a day ago how unbelievably desperate he was just to get off over and over again, each time he got off it was if he was missing something. The orgasm never left him feeling that happy afterglow he sometimes got before his body changed. Does that mean it’ll always be like this?
Using the last the energy left from his good feeling, Dean takes the stairs two at a time until he reaches his floor, then practically throws himself into his apartment. He doesn’t stop moving, or realize what he’s doing, until he’s falling face first into his bed, inhaling deeply into his pillow. It’s almost as if his body knows what it needs more than he does.
Squinting out his window he can see the station up a few blocks. But in New York and depending on the flow of traffic that could mean any length of time, really. “What’s wrong?”
“Okay, okay!” Castiel groans, running his hand down his face. Trying to navigate traffic and Charlie at the same time is too much of a struggle right now. “My phone is listening, got it. But I don’t see what this has to do with you calling me about Dean unless he’s arrested for planning a terrorist attack.”
It works enough that he feels Benny’s grip loosen on both his hair and neck. Dean yanks himself the rest of the way free, falling forward onto the ground. He rolls to the side, scrambling to get his feet back under him just as Benny lets out an angry howl. Shakily, Dean puts all his remaining strength into just pushing himself up. He stumbles forward, almost falling back down with his first step. He clenches his jaw, internally yelling at himself to just keep going. Keep moving. Keep fighting.
Castiel stops walking and turns back to him. Dean can’t help noticing how guarded the angel is keeping his face. “I’m…unsure.”
Dean just keeps running his fingers through Castiel’s hair, trying to blink back the stinging in his eyes. This is
“He wasn’t talking to God, he was talking to Lucifer,” Cain says, raising his voice, gaze resting on Dean. “Lucifer was going to make him into his…pet.” He spits out the word with heavy distain. “I couldn’t let that happen. So I proposed a deal to him. Abel’s soul in Heaven, and mine in Hell. Of course, Lucifer accepted, but only if I sent Abel to Heaven myself.” Cain deflates a little, his voice grows quieter. “So I did it. I became a Solider of Hell.” His gaze breaks from Dean’s, and he spits out the last words with bitterness. “A knight.”
Dean chokes out a watery laugh before shaking his head, pushing himself off the couch. Castiel isn’t sure what reaction he was hoping to get, but Dean literally slipping out of his fingers wasn’t one of them. Tilting his head up at Dean, he watches as the man holds out his hand for him, a gentle smile spread slightly over his kiss swollen lips.
Furrowing his forehead, Dean tries to bypass the numbing static in his mind preventing him from accessing any type of long term memory. His head starts to ache like it usually does when he tries to remember, but he starts to get little tidbits of memories. Most of them of Benny screaming at him. Some of them with Castiel coming over and holding an ice pack to his face.
After about a week of solid failed attempts to try and summon Crowley, Sam decides they need to figure out a different way to get the King of Hell to them. That was when Sam and Dean started getting at each others throats. Well, that is, when Dean was actually around. Mostly he stumbled in after he thought they were asleep. Sometimes he wouldn’t even make it that far. He and Sam on more than a few occasions would wake up in the morning and go out looking for Dean just to find him passed out in back seat of the Impala half frozen. Those were the days Sam’s anger couldn’t be calmed at all.
Dean smells the warm honeyed sweetness of Cas’ scent and can’t help but let out a happy sigh. It’s more than he could have ever hoped for; his alphas arms around him, the apartment being filled with their mingled scents and their light teasing. Dean never thought he would want or be okay with something domestic, but deeper he drifts into sleep he thinks maybe if it’s with Castiel it wouldn’t be so bad. He can definitely get use to being held like this every night.
Dean shrugs nonchalantly as Castiel’s mind whirls. He’s the reason Dean keeps leaving and stays away, which means he’s the reason for the rift between the brothers? Which, he guesses, of course he is. Ever since he chose to stay with them, all he does is ruin things. Why not destroy their relationship?
“Cas, c’mon man. Get up.” Dean gently shakes Castiel, with one hand, keeping the other running through his hair. “C’mon. We’re going to get you a warm shower. Cas… ” Dean’s head falls on Castiel’s shoulder as his tears start to break through. “I’m so sorry I wasn’t here, but you gotta get up.
Dean leans down and kisses along the alpha’s neck, breathing in deeply as he gets closer to his scent gland. When his lips touch the spot, Castiel moans, fingers digging deeper into his skin. Dean has to bite back his own noise and instead begins sucking into the area, tongue rubbing along the area as he feels himself being laid down on his cool sheets.
, but despite understanding the reasoning for it far later than he should have, he always felt Dean’s confusion he could never pinpoint.
“Order!” The judge yelled, slamming the palm of his hand down on the wooden arm of his chair. The thunderous bang made Dean flinch in his seat. “I want order right now or I’ll hold you all in contempt!”
“You know,” he says in a rough voice still strained from moments before. “I think I could get use to this.”
Cain stands slowly, tossing the bear aside. He raises an eyebrow at Castiel as amusement passes over his face quickly to disappear. “Yes. Soon it will be a genocide. My children, my whole poisoned issue.” He walks closer to Castiel, voice cryptically low. “A lot of them out there right now. Killers, fighters, rapists, thieves…” He tilts his head, shrugging again. “Some more peaceful than others but they still carry it-the disease. If the Mark wants blood, I’ll give it mine.”
“Losing you was like losing a part of my own soul,” Castiel whispers, voice trembling slightly. “I was convinced I would never feel anything ever again. With you gone I knew I would never feel whole again.”
Nothing else registers for Dean. An alpha bit him. He actually let himself get so heat drunk that he willingly let some random fucking alpha knot him and claim him!
Dean opens his mouth to say something – anything, really – but nothing comes out. Brief flashes of the last few days he hardly remembers goes through his mind. Everything is a blurry fog where Dean just remembers wanting to die. A shiver runs up spine as he tries to remind himself to breathe.
A deep chuckle builds up from the man underneath him. “That’s your big finishing move?” Dean lifts his head forward, pushing against the blade. He smiles up at Castiel with that same twisted smirk, and blinks, eyes shifting to black again. “You can do better than that.”
Holding out the phone to him, Dean flicks his eyes between it and Sam looking for some kind of confirmation that whatever he’s about ready to hear wont actually be that bad. His brothers hazel eyes aren’t as wide now, but almost pleading with Dean to just take the phone.
“I know,” he whispers as a tear of his own falls from his eyes. “I know you are, Dean.” He shifts his feet closer, their hands pressing more firmly in between their chests. Leaning his forehead against his again, Dean sighs into the, now, almost familiar touch. “Close your eyes,” the man whispers.
“I’m…I don’t understand,” Castiel finally says slowly. “You made it perfectly clear what you thought of me –
“Yes!” He yells back, realizing as the word comes out it doesn’t make any sense. Sam just looks back at him with an exasperated look that makes Dean want to deny everything Sam thinks he knows.
He worries for a moment if they might try vandalizing the garage because he got away. All of Bobby’s hard work in keeping the place up and running only to be destroyed by a couple of testosterone filled assholes.  Dean chews on his lower lip debating about going back and maybe just driving by really slowly to make sure the place is still standing. What if they were actually breaking in? Would the cops actually do anything? Dean has no doubt that the group of them would try and spin it on him somehow.
Castiel closes his eyes and focuses his mind on Illinois and the strong pull of death. When he opens them, he’s standing in the middle a clearing, surrounded by a forest, the smell of pine and damp earth filling his nose. All around him are mounds earth scattered about. Some look more freshly formed than others. Just eyeing them, Castiel knows they are graves, but the location seems rather random. He tilts his head, and crouches down to inspect one of the piles.
There’s a knock on the window behind him, but Dean chooses to ignore it. Nothing else is important. His alpha is in pain, and he didn’t even know! He couldn’t scent it or even feel it. Everything inside him is screaming at him to fix this – fix whatever he said or didn’t say. His heart aches watching his alpha fall apart in front of him, not knowing how to fix it.
Dean shakes his head picking up the fruit bar and nibbling a little off the end. He feels his face scrunch up when all he can taste is cardboard and tosses it over onto the nightstand. He takes the cup of water in both of his trembling hands and takes a sip. Thirst hits him out of nowhere, and he tips the cup back gulping it down in four big swallows.
The last two syringes of blood knock together as the table shakes. It’s such a small sound, but his ears zero in on the noise, and his eyes stay locked on them. He’s so angry. Not just angry, though. It’s so much more. He’s angry, yes, but frustrated, desperate and hurt. After having put so much faith into this working just for it fail seems almost too much. They should have seen some sort of change – any change – that would indicate Dean becoming more human again. Instead it just seems to be pissing off the demon, making his words more sharp and punishing Castiel by chipping a little more at the grace entwined within Dean’s soul.
Looking back now at the bond Dean and he share since meeting he realizes it isn’t typical of your typical college roommates. That probably should have been a sign with how much time they spent together, or how their lives seemed to intertwine with one another almost immediately. But, their friendship led them to where they are now.
“Oh fuuuckk,” Dean moans, letting his legs fall open wider. “That feels so – so – so – ah, ah – yes!”
His body responds by leaking more slick from his hole as he arches off the bed into his hand, pumping fast. His shortened breaths come out saying the alpha’s name as his toes curl, the heat building inside him, but it isn’t enough. Dean adds more pressure, he’s right on the edge and just needs a little more of…of…
“Nah,” he says looking away and back down at their table. “Just some chick having a rough day or something.”
“Goodnight, Dean,” he says looking away before carefully laying down on the bed.Castiel looks away before moving carefully laying down, staring up at the ceiling.
Castiel averts his eyes back down to Dean and listens to his steady murmurs. The pitying eyes of The King of Hell isn’t something he ever thought he’d see from the demon, and it defiantly isn’t something he can deal with right now.
Dean’s eyes snap open, bottle slipping from his fingers, smashing on the cement below him. His hand goes to his gun in his waistband, clicking the safety off and pulling it out all in one smooth movement. He whips around, eyes wide, holding the gun out trying to find the source of the voice.
. Oh God, does he want. He wants Dean in every way possible he never thought was possible for him to feel, or even dream to feel. He wants to
He hardly even notices Sam calmly pulling out his phone and typing something while he frantically looks up and down the street in hopes to catch any sign of his car.
This goddamn fucking forest where all signs pointed to it being a wendigo, but come to find out there’s a whole damn nest of vampires. A nest of vampires that was busy draining a couple of campers by the looks of it. That is, until the vamps caught their scent and they all three had to scatter, trying to hide before getting seen.
Castiel’s eyes widen as Crowley appears behind Dean with the bloodied angel blade raised again. He only has a moment to react when a Dean smirks, turning to face the King of Hell. Once Dean’s eyes off him, Castiel feels like his head is clear again and quickly moves forward, grabbing Dean from behind, pinning his arms to his side. Dean screams in frustration, desperately trying to yank his arms free, dropping the Blade in the process. He trashes his body, but Castiel just tightens his hold. He feels his eyes beginning to glow as his grace reacts to simply touching Dean again, and he lets the warmth of his grace build inside him giving him more strength to help hold Dean back.
The call goes dead and for a moment Dean lays there smiling to himself, just soaking in the fact that his body is finally at some sort of peace.
An anger so fierce Dean, never in all the time that he’s been alive, has felt. It rages through him, blind hate fueling his movements as he pushes off the ground, screaming so loudly his throat burns with all the emotions he never thought or wanted to feel again. Pushing his body harder, he picks up speed, raising his bloodied fist as he rushes towards Castiel. He will make that angel pay for leaving him. He wont stop until he feels every ounce of pain he felt, threefold.
“You know what I’m sick of?” Dean asks through gritted teeth. “I’m sick of being asked that. I’m sick of you, or Cas, or one of your nurses asking me over and over again how I’m fucking doing. I’m sick of being looked at like I’m some sort of freak or-or some sort of science experiment that everyone’s trying to figure out what went wrong. I’m fucking sick being treated like I’m not human anymore. I’m sick of having to worry about what streets are safe to walk on, or what time of day I can leave my house, or if my heat is close and the smell might leak into my scent.”
Sam is quiet for a minute, the regular noise of people talking in the background is almost comforting. It’s familiar. It’s the same.
. Every thought, every fantasy that he might have had about the two of them he feels crashing to the ground and shattering like glass.
It takes a few seconds for Dean’s mind to catch up to what might have caused the reaction, but as he goes over the past five seconds he wants to kick himself. If the shifter took on his form he would’ve taken on all his mannerisms. Anything he does, any nervous ticks he has, Castiel would’ve seen thinking it was him. Only, it wasn’t him. Did the shifter try and seduce him first? Or did he just walk in – no! He can’t fucking think about it.
“There’s been one case, actually, where the mates actually can feel somewhat of what the other is feeling. Kind of what Castiel said he could feel with you. My theory is that if you’d bite Castiel in return, any threat of rejection or life threatening longing might not be a problem. There’s this one mated couple in California, and –”
he was sick! Sick enough that he had to practically carry him into their room. Why the fuck didn’t he just stay?
“I’m going to fuck you so hard you’re going to bleed,” Dean murmurs biting the back of his neck hard. Castiel hisses again, wanting nothing more than to rear back and elbow him in the face. “Because that’s what you do now. And if you so much as try and fight me, I’ll make it hurt that much worse.”
Dean pauses, face looking surprised for a second before slowly falling into something dangerously close to pity. “Cas…”
“So, safe to say this meant nothing, right?” Dean snaps, angrily throwing the paper towel in the trash. “I’m just some random fuck to add to your dwindling spank bank because tits and pussy don’t do it for you?”
Bracing himself for an attack, Castiel opens up the door and steps out onto the stoop. Dean is nowhere in sight. He scans the yard but doesn’t see anyone. The sound of chains falling to the ground has Castiel turning around slowly only to see Dean behind Sam, an arm wrapped around his chest, holding the Blade against his neck.
“The hell you are!” He snaps, trying to push himself up. Pain shoots sharply through his side, carrying throughout his whole body. Screwing his face up in pain, Dean bites back a scream trying to climb up his throat as he tenses just trying to breathe.
Dean looks down at her, nodding, trying to convey without words how thankful he is for everything she’s done for him over these past unending weeks. Thinking about everything now, he’s pretty positive he wouldn’t have a job without her. More than likely, with the amount of alcohol is he was drinking from the moment he woke up till he passed out, he’d probably be dead.
In a matter of a second the burning spreads over his whole body. Screaming, Dean tries to let go of the mans hand, hating himself for trusting so easily. Any coherent thought is lost, just the overwhelming feel of pain over every inch of his body.
Castiel walks around the circle of the devils trap trying to figure out where the best place to inject him would be. His arm seems like the most logical of places, but to get the holy water through his body the quickest Castiel knows he needs to hit him right in the aorta, though it doesn’t seem feasible at the moment.
“Even if we had the ability to do it, we are not killing my brother!” Sam screams stepping forward to meet the demon. “It even took Dean wearing the Mark to kill Abaddon! And who did he do that for, Crowley?”
Dean pulls him closer to his face. “You fucking knew he’d give me the Mark? You knew about everything?! You played me! This whole time you played me!”
The pain in his chest doesn’t really fade exactly, but a warmth from just hearing his mate ramble makes him feel better. “Sam is here and we were talking and I got worked up.” Quickly pulling the phone away from his face to check the time Dean doesn’t see a point in Castiel taking off early. It’s a little bit after ten, and in just a few more hours Cas will be back. “I’ll be fine until you get off.”
Thinking about all things the three of them have discussed and looked into, Castiel thinks back to when Sam and Crowley were arguing about human blood. It worked on Crowley, nearly killing Sam of course, but would it work on a Knight of Hell? Maybe if they blessed the blood in the same way they bless the water it would have the same effect as holy water, and the same effect as curing a demon. Without the spell attached to it, would it even work? Castiel chews on the inside of his lip debating it. If anything, it’s worth a shot.
. “What are you doing?” He doesn’t mean for it to come out so harsh, but he’s hard to wrap his head around Dean laying a hand on Sam in anger.
Dean turns to his side, letting himself look at Castiel without having to fear the return pair of blue eyes meeting his with fear or hate. Castiel mumbles something in his sleep as his body twitches and jerks. Heaven help him –
“What the fuck are you talking about!” Dean snaps, clenches his fists at his size to try and stop them from shaking with how angry he is. “I thought you were going to try and figure out a way to break this. Not fucking tie me together with this random alpha for the rest of my life!”
The warmth of the alpha disappears so suddenly Dean can only lie there, blinking up at the ceiling before realizing what happened. He pushes up on his elbows to see Castiel already shirtless, unbuttoning his pants as he toes off his shoes.
“In here,” he replies, moaning as the water hits his skin. Fuck, it feels amazing. He swears it's better than last time.
“Er, uh, right,” Sam clears his throat, running a hand through his hair. He takes a deep breath, straightening himself before speaking again. “Subgender is what we are calling the three different types of classifications of effects on the humans. I already told you about beta; basically normal, small changes, but nothing major. Then there is what we’re calling omegas.” Sam gestures towards him.
No. Nope. Not happening! “Now I know you’re not going to give me some line about how my poor little omega ass just got out of the hospital, need to rest and I’m confused, right?”
Dean glances down at the stale looking fruit bar feeling his stomach twist unpleasantly inside him. “I guess, um, not normal. But, ya know, it’s fine.”
“I’m sorry,” the alpha mumbles pulling Dean tightly against him, “I’m so sorry. I know what I needed to do, but he called you
“Stop.” Dean holds up a hand, giving him a cold stare. “You’re not going to say shit. You don’t get to say shit!”
Dean wants to feel happy, maybe even some sort of relief, but all he feels inside beside that empty numbing feeling, is an ache. Is this what it’s going to feel like for the rest of his life? How do mated couples he’s seen walking around even fake it? Why doesn’t he remember feeling this after Cas bit him? You think that even with his heat, a feeling like this would kind of jog up some kind of memory. All he feels like doing is curling up in the hospital bed and going back to sleep.
Something is nagging in his mind, forcing him to blink his eyes that he hasn’t realized closed lazily back open. A figure blurs in and out of clarity. Blinking a few more times he finally recognizes Cas looking back at him, speaking something, but there’s this ringing in his ears making it really hard to hear him. Shaking his head, Dean blinks back a bit of the dizziness, eyes going wide as it clicks, realizing what just happened.
“And how would we know if we’re weakening him or killing him?” Crowley asks. “This is the Mark of Cain we’re talking about, not some demon on steroids.”
Crowley takes a step backwards as his eyes stay locked to the house in front of them. “Something isn’t right. I feel something…dark.”
It’s a lot. It’s more than that, it’s…destiny? Dean isn’t even sure he believes in something like that; some preordained life mapped out road. Who was to say that Benny and him were going to fight that day? No one could have planned that. If this virus wasn’t here, would he even have met the guy? Hell, up until Cas he wasn’t even fully aware he was into guys. Not really, at least.
Omegas, when aroused, leak a type of lubricant the doctors are calling slick. This, apparently, is to prep the area for the alphas knot; therefore making alphas and omegas the perfect matches. Omegas are considered more submissive and with the alphas tone they can use, they are able to control omegas if needed. Even with limited observation and research scientists and doctors still agree that omegas are natural caregivers, and perfect for jobs like nurses, caregivers, daycare providers or teachers.
Even though the room is dark he can still feel Castiel’s eyes on his face. The weight of the stare makes Dean feel exposed, as if he’s judging him. Dean can almost feel the heaviness of Cas weighing the pros and cons, deciding whether or not he might actually be capable of such a feat. Maybe, Dean thinks, Castiel is deciding if there is enough faith between them to believe it possible.
“Stop, please,” Dean chokes out. “This is all just – Cas, I need to tell my brother about it because of where he works – What he does,” he lets out a watery laugh, swiping away more tears falling from Castiel’s eyes. “He’s been trying to break the bonds from the omega’s with unwanted mating bites here. They’re dying, just like I was.”
“Cas,” Sam says giving Castiel’s shoulder another softer squeeze. Castiel turns to look at him, feeling very tired now. “Listen, okay? Where I one hundred percent agree that this is a bad idea, it is even a worse idea that you get involved in this. It’s going to be swarming with demons. Not just any demons, either. Abaddon’s demons. They don’t work for Crowley anymore, and chances are they’re more ruthless than we’ve ever been up against.” Sam gives him a sad smile. “We know you’re an angel. But right now you’re just a human. A human that is still pretty banged up.”
Frustrated that it still doesn’t feel like enough, Dean adjusts how he’s laying, never stopping thrusting his fingers. He adds a fourth and this time, at the new angle, he hits something inside him that makes him arch his back and let out a cross between a moan and some sort of scream. Dean rubs against the spot again and again, thrusting into the mattress until he feels his orgasm building and building and then he comes harder than he’s ever come before.
He grabs Dean’s hand holding his blade, and slams it down on the ground. His grip doesn’t even slip; instead Dean’s body vibrates underneath his with laughter. Frustration builds up inside Castiel. It’s hot, humiliating, and he wants to scream at his own stupidity for even having caused everything to end up here, to this moment. Under him, he feels Dean’s laughter dying down, and his body tensing to attack.
“Crowley told us there was another way to kill Abaddon, but he needed help finding it. Without even asking what it might be, Dean jumped head first and said he’d help fine whatever Crowley needed as long as your grace was exchanged for it.” Sam pauses, clenching his jaw as his eyes go distant. A habit of the brother’s that Castiel has picked up on when one of them is not being entirely truthful. “Dean didn’t even bother asking anything else, but said he’d do it. I tried stopping him and telling him we should wait until we could figure out more on exactly what we’re getting ourselves into.” He chews on his bottom lip a moment then shrugs.
Maybe it’s childish, but Dean somehow knows that if he opens his eyes right now reality will set in. The real world, the one on the other side of his eyelids, is a place that he knows he doesn’t want to go back to. At least not yet, anyway. How long has it been since he’s been allowed to just have a moment where he doesn’t have to worry about anything? Why is it so important that he wake up now? Hasn’t he done enough? Didn’t the voice – no, not the voice. The other person gave him a name. His name was –
Flushing, Castiel ducks his head rubbing the back of his neck nervously. Charlie, a mutual friend of theirs, has mentioned a few times how intense their “eye fucking” is. Up until she brought it up a few months ago, he hadn’t really ever thought about it; definitely not considered it weird. It’s always just been something they’ve done. If anything, Castiel just chalked it up to Dean being patient with him.
Right where the shirt meets Castiel’s neck is a bite mark deep enough that the hem of the shirt is stained with his blood. Dean leans over closer, inspecting the mark to see if it belongs to a vampire or some other creature known for enjoying human flesh, but it looks simply like a humans mouth.
Gritting his teeth, he tries to focus on keeping his body from collapsing despite how his body trembles uncontrollably. Dean tries to think about tomorrow and the plans he has to see Sam and his wife Jessica. She keeps nagging at him to go out and meet someone so it’ll balance their dinners better.
The anger hasn’t even begun to fade. Dean’s shaking with how furious he feels, but he allows the two uniformed guys to hold him in place. As much as he wants what he did to be some sort of justification for what Gordon said, it’s not. Glancing at the passed half conscious asshole being half drug from his office Dean can’t help but to flinch with the number he did to him.
At some point during their meal, the partly cloudy day has turned into a full cloudy day. Rain is misting around them, but judging by the looming dark clouds about them, it wont be much longer before it comes pouring down. They’re both standing under the diners small overhang, their arms pressed tightly against each other. Castiel turns to thank him once more for lunch, thinking nothing of their closeness.
“No!” Sam practically yells. “Hell no! God Dean, I could barely stomach what happened to you. Do you really think that I would —”
Despite the bench seat between them, Sam maneuvers him to the door and quickly has it open, exiting his own and dragging Castiel outside his. Sam is back on him, wrapping his arms around him and pinning them to his sides. Castiel tries to shake free, but Sam just tightens the hold, dragging him a few feet away from the car. How pitiful and weak has he become that a human can hold him in compliance?
Dean surges up, crashing his mouth into his. The kiss is sloppy, full of desperate words unable to form, instead passing back and forth over their shared breaths. As the kissing slows down, they end up just resting their foreheads against one another in silence. Somewhere in between everything they’re hands found each other, and Dean’s thumb running back and forth against the back of his hand is probably the most grounding thing he’s ever felt in his life.
They use to fight. But Castiel was too inexperienced and Dean was injected with so many different kinds of drugs that even his familiar metabolism couldn’t burn through quick enough to find clarity. The things they did to make both of them comply at first were horrific.
That little sliver of doubt has Dean starting to wonder if maybe Sam just wants him mated just to lift some of the burden and worry off own his shoulders. He knows he’s a mess. Given everything this fucking virus has thrown at him, he hasn’t made it easier on his brother. Technically genetics or whatever would have Sam thinking he’s above Dean, but…
The faint scent of alpha almost has Dean purring with how content and happy he feels right now, but getting his hands on something more fresh? A shiver runs down his spine and his mouth waters just thinking about it. He might actually hate the way his body is reacting if he wasn’t feeling so damn good at the moment. Truthfully he knows it’s hormones and his damn omega reacting to the alpha’s words, but that doesn’t even seem to matter right now.
“I don’t have it all,” he gives Castiel a sympathetic look. “And neither do you, by the looks of it.”
She reaches out and touches his shoulder. Instead of jerking away from her touch, Castiel lets it linger. He wants to be angry. Oh, how he wants to continue to be furious with Dean for being with someone else. But as long as he’s known Charlie, her friendship and loyalty to those she cares about is pure. As much as he believe she wouldn’t stand for Dean cheating on him, or visa versa, memories of Gordon calling him from Dean’s phone telling him to come and get Dean from the car still echo inside his head. He didn’t even really see the mark until he was undressing a less than half conscious Dean.
The door clicks closed as Sam walks past him to the computer against the far wall. Dean turns around to see Castiel giving him a small smile as he leans against the wall by the door. He gives his mate a small one in return, taking a moment to admire Cas in his uniform. It fits him perfectly. Almost too perfectly. He wears it well, almost as if it’s a second skin.
Is that why he got fired? Did they think Sam was going to use the same method? “So, the head of your department, or whatever, thought you were going to do the same thing?”
Castiel opens his mouth to say something, but a voice over the radio says his name, and Castiel schools the look of hurt on his face and responds to the person. Dean digs into his pocket for his phone, ignoring the missed messages from Sam he swipes the screen on and hits the phone icon and punches in his brothers number. It takes two rings, and Sam picks up with an irritated hello.
“I’m here,” he says disconnecting the phone from Bluetooth and shutting off his car. “Where are you?”
Dean’s eyes flutter closed as Cas presses his mouth more firmly against his as he slides his hand to the back of Dean’s neck. The kiss deepens, Cas’ tongue licking inside his mouth with such passion Dean feels himself almost overwhelmed with feelings he's kept locked down for years.
Castiel strains to focus his grace on his shoulder popped out of place that he misses Dean’s fist coming directly to the side of his face. It catches him on the side of his jaw, sending him falling to the ground. He manages to turn his body just enough he falls on his good side, shaking his head at the impact. His grace pops his shoulder back into place, but Castiel hardly registers it happening as he hears Dean’s footsteps moving around the room.
“Promise not’ta go in the woods without you,” he promised, reaching out his chubby four year old hand and touching the tip of the faerie’s ear.
“Thirty years,” Dean whispers, trying to ignore the way his voice is breaking. “I screamed for thirty damn years.” He drops his gaze down to the carpeted floor, trying his best to blink back the stinging in his eyes. “They sliced, carved and tore at me in ways that –” Dean looks up at the ceiling, wiping angrily at the tears running down his face. “Until there was nothing left. And then I would be whole again. Like magic. Just so they could start it all over again.”
The flames flicker and dance among themselves, growing more dim and smaller. As the last flame flares, settling itself into glowing embers, Castiel lets out a shaky breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. Something wet drops onto his fist that is still grasping the lighter. He blinks down at his hand, now conscious to the feeling of something wet and hot running down his face. He drops the lighter beside him, raising his shaky hand to his face. Castiel tentatively touches his cheek, feeling the trail of wetness his tears have left. He squeezes his eyes closed, this time he feels the hot tears escape, and let’s out a choked sob. Castiel’s body buckles underneath, somehow feeling too heavy. He lets his body fall to the damp earth, as another sob escapes through his lips.
“Oh, I don’t know, Dean. I’m sure you did or say something like a complete jackass, completing ignoring how it might effect Cas.”
Dean feels Sam’s eyes on him the whole fifteen minute drive to the diner, but other than directions he doesn’t say anything else. The only parking is off the street and Dean swears loudly when all the spots in front of the place are taken. He ends up parking around the corner, glaring at Sam’s back as he climbs out of the car.
“We are only allowed to test two hundred and fifty people a day. That’s all the tests we can give out. We are turning people away.”
The parking lot lamp above Dean’s car gives off just enough light that he can see Castiel doing that adorable squinty eye thing he does when he’s confused about something. Dean feels his fingers twitch to reach out and smooth the lines scrunching up on his forehead, but instead he balls them up in his fist.
A hoarse, gut wrenching scream cuts Crowley off. Everyone’s eyes look down at Dean, whose back is arched off the bed, veins budging in his neck and head as he grits his teeth together so loudly it makes Castiel wince. Castiel feels Crowley walk over and move beside him and then the weight of his hand on his shoulder and he annoyingly shakes it off.
“Four,” Dean coughs as the dryness in his throat and tries to clear it. “Four days ago.” The words come out harsh, painful, like his throat is suddenly made of sandpaper.
My therapist suggest finishing this story I started with my someone-just-for-me who passed away would give me some type of closure. *shrugs* I dunno about that, but I figured it would be something she would want me to do. She didn't like unfinished things. So, loves, without further ado, here it is!
Biting his lower lip Dean fidgets with his card before reaching out for the handle. He takes in a deep breath and opens the door leaning in. It’s almost as if his body recognizes that it’s in and around the scent because his heart starts hammering in his chest and the hairs on the back of his neck being to prickle and rise. Dean drops the card on the front seat, and then places the keys on top, pulling back out and shutting the door. He lets all of the breath out in one big gasp, leaning back against the alpha’s car.
Sam nods as he grabs the doorknob, taking in a deep breath then letting it out slowly before swinging the door open. Castiel hears him gasp before he is able to fully look inside the room
Dean has no idea why he thought it was a good idea, or if he was really even thinking at all, but all he could do to respond is lean forward in the small space that separated them and kissed him.
You hear stories about how people sometimes hear something terrible or life altering, and suddenly it feels like the floor is gone and they’re just free falling. That’s how he feels. He can see Daphne’s lips moving, but her words are drowned out in a high pitched ear ringing noise that makes Dean feel dizzy.
Charlie’s eyes soften to something boarding close to sympathy that Castiel has to look away. He hears Charlie’s feet shuffling closer to him, and then her thin arms wrap around him, pulling him closer. Even with her petite frame, she embraces him tightly. That’s where he loses it and chokes out a sob.
Castiel looks at him with a soft smile, those blue eyes glistening with their own unshed tears in the streetlight. “Would you like to come back to my place?”
of his business. It just wasn’t in the status “normal” that people see it. Having had a month to looking over every part of their relationship front-ways, sideways and every way in between – Dean was satisfied. He was happy.
It’s about when he hits what use to be St. Louis (or at least he thinks that’s what this city use to be) that he notices a dark skinned human standing in the center of the highway, rifle held loosely in their hands. The closer he gets Dean expects the man to raise his gun at him, which honestly it wouldn’t be the first time. There’s always one or two every few years that tries to kill him, but this man remains relaxed.
Two days later, Dean’s underneath a Mazda CX-30 when he gets a tickle in his throat out of nowhere. He tries clearing his throat to get it rid of it, but that only makes him start coughing. He doesn’t think anything of it, and brushes it off as just dirt getting up his nose or something.
New laws have been steadily making their way through the system. Their president ends up being forced from the White House due to his designation – omega – early on. A new president, an alpha that was the senator of some state Dean can’t remember, takes his place. One of the laws forces Dean to sign over his shop to Benny, an alpha, because omegas are now legally unfit to run a business. Benny swears it won’t change anything between them, but by the start of the second year after the virus Andrea just up and leaves one day, taking their daughter with her.
The effect of his name leaving Castiel’s lips has Dean instantly stilling in Sam’s arms. Dean still has his eyes completely locked onto Crowley, but his sudden silence is enough for Sam to slowly let his arms fall away. Castiel notices how closely Sam hovers next to him though, ready to restrain Dean at the drop of a hat.
Unable to meet Sam’s eyes, Castiel looks down at the floor. There isn’t really a good answer for what he did. At least, none that makes any sense. More than anything he’s just ashamed at his actions. He’s ashamed he’s become so weak, useless –  human . What purpose can he serve like this to the brother’s whose lives are in constant danger? If he was unable to protect and save himself, how can he protect the Winchesters? It’s only a matter of time before Sam and Dean realize how pathetic and worthless he is, and are done with him for good.
Dean flinches as everything on the table shakes and rattle against each other as Cas slams his fist onto it. Their coffee sloshes over the sides of their mugs, spilling down the sides, but neither one of them moves to clean it up.
After defeating Lucifer, losing his brother and watching his fucking soulmate die just to be remade moments later, Dean couldn’t even fault Castiel for leaving him. The mission is done, Lucifer is back in the cage, his purpose for coming back from hell is now complete. One thing Cas is always good about is being completely bluntly honest about why he was even around. Now there was just no more reason for him to be around. Lucifer was gone, and that was it.
How has he never thought about what it would be like to kiss perfectly pink lips? After all this millennia of time together, always thinking they will have tomorrow, and now they’re here, down to seconds, and Dean can’t help want it all – everything – at once. The way Castiel is acting (at least what his body language is tell him) Dean thinks that maybe he’s not alone in what he’s feeling.
Trying to locate his grace he had branded into Dean’s soul was like a breath of fresh air. He yearns to stretch his wings and just leave. He wants to
“Ah,” Castiel says fidgeting slightly. “I’ve just been so accustomed to doing it automatically evening out my scent in high stressed situations I barely realize I’m doing it anymore.”
That was the last time Dean had the opportunity to say he loved him. He missed him. He needed him. Maybe if he had Castiel would still be alive and aware of how much he was wanted – needed. Maybe if Dean had even done just one, he would still be here.
Without warning, or Dean realizing exactly what those words mean, the alpha grabs a hold of his cheeks and spreads them. Dean opens up his mouth to stop him, but Castiel’s hot, wet tongue swipes at his hole and he can only knock his head back against the headboard, mouth open with a silent scream of pleasure. His hands tangle themselves in Castiel’s dark hair, pulling him closer to his hole. The alpha hums, the vibrations only making Dean squirm underneath him.
“We’re just going to give you something to take the edge off,” he says. “Relax you a little bit to look over you and make you comfortable.”
“I’m a police officer needing to get a statement from the victim of the case,” he says calmly. Too calmly. The pause stretches a beat more without either of them moving or saying anything. Almost fed up with these two idiots thinking they know what’s best for them, Dean starts to push off the edge of the bed when Castiel speaks again. “Need I remind you that he is my mate, and I am his alpha. You cannot kick me out of the room.”
“So, I put a gps tracker on the Impala awhile ago,” Sam says ignoring the glare Dean gives him. “I’ve got some good news.”
The two men grip his arms tightly, pushing him forward after Bobby. Dean passes Charlie who’s still planted by the door, but he can’t summon up enough courage to look her in the eyes. All he knows is that he’s completely and royally fucked.
Sam drops the sandwich and glares back at the demon. “We’ve been over this. We aren’t killing my brother.”
Finally back in the states, after a month of silence from Dean, Castiel’s heart still weighs heavy inside him. He tries to keep his mind occupied with different things, but living with Dean present in his life for so long, everything seems to circle back to him. Where the first few weeks were filled with tear soaked pillows as he’d try to fall asleep, now he just feels numb. Nothing seems to hold any type of excitement anymore. Not even flying to a different continent discovering a new kind of dinosaur bone. Even the food he forces himself to choke down tastes bland.
“I can’t stop thinking about you!” Dean yells, glaring across the space to Castiel’s shadowed face. “I can’t stop thinking about you, okay? I…I lied because I tried to get away for a few days to see if I could get my head on straight.” Glancing away and out into the dark of the night Dean lets out a sigh, shoulders sagging. “I couldn’t, by the way. That’s, uh, why I came back and was off, or whatever.”
No matter how Dean tries to justify or spin it in his head, Dean can’t shake the feeling that Castiel already knows the truth.
. A cold wind picks up, scattering litter and leaves across the pavement like some eerie horror movie. Dean stands there, a tremor running through his body. Seeing nothing that might suggest any danger, Dean laughs to himself nervously flipping the safety back on his gun and lowering it before tucking it away.
By the time they reach reach the short distance to the door Dean is half holding up, half carrying Castiel. The red flaking paint of their motel room door looks the next strong breeze that hits it is going to strip it bare. The bronze number eight hangs slightly askew enough that Dean wonders how it is even staying on the door at all. Dean steals one last look at Castiel, ignoring the pull that comes from deep inside his chest. Castiel shivers again and Dean’s smile fades.
Castiel works quickly around the car; putting it into gear, pressing buttons, starts pulling away from the multiple cars with flashing lights bouncing off everybody and everything and out onto the road. He flicks a few switches here and there, and then a siren blares. Dean flinches at the noise, trying not to look out of the window at everything flying past them. Since walking across the damn parking lot basically made him almost lose it, he has a feeling seeing the world fly past might make him sick. Instead, Dean focuses his gaze to his hands resting on his lap.
“All due respect my ass!” He barks at the guy, pointing at the lock. “I’m still y’er boss you damn moron, and if you want to keep your job you’ll open up that damn door!”
With a sigh, his eyes slip close as he basks in the alpha’s warmth as he lays them down on their sides. Slow licks against his scent gland have him sighing, completely content with being taken care of in this moment. Dean takes in deep breath trying to get a hint as to what Castiel is feeling, but notices how his forest scent now seems to be mixed with something that smells like wet earth after a rainstorm. He takes in a deeper breath, trying to figure out what he’s smelling, and catches a slight whiff of honey, but more like it’s mixed with something like tea. Green tea?
Books and knickknacks fall on and around him as he spits out a mouthful of blood, pushing himself back to his feet. He meets the demon head on, kicking the demon in the chest, then quickly slamming his fist across his face as he leans over from the kick. Dean stumbles backwards as the man pushes him back. Dean catches the demon catching sight of the demon knife and takes a step closer to it. The demon swings again, catching Dean’s shoulder before he can get away completely. Dean kneels to the floor swiping up the knife in one fluid motion, and spins around, slamming it into the demons throat. He locks eyes with Cain as he rips the blade out, demon falling to his feet.
“This isn’t who I am, Dean. I don’t let my alpha come out or run the show ever. I can’t let something like that happen because of my job. I defiantly don’t use it to harass and intimidate omegas. I think I’ve only ever used my alpha voice three times, and all of them have been unintentional. I’m not better than you. I’m just a person, just like you.”
Castiel’s eyes shoot open as Dean’s lips brush over his earlobe. He is very aware of Dean’s other hand on the small of his back, pushing them closer together. He is painfully aware at how warm and solid Dean is against him.
Dean shrugs. “Sam will be fine. We’ve talked about what happens if one of us dies again. We promised not to bring the other back. No more deals. No more extending life and defying the natural order. Just acceptance.”
Castiel looks surprised for a moment before his blue eyes grow soft. Dean lets out a breath, relaxing slightly as he notices the alpha red is only ringing just outside of his blue, barely noticeable. “Ruts are rough on our bodies as well. Maybe not as frequent and messy, but equally as exhausting.”
Just when Dean thinks he can’t take it anymore, and goes to turn around, a warm hand presses lightly on his lower back keeping him moving forward.
They were meeting at their favorite hole in the wall diner for a quick lunch. Castiel, who usually just ate his brown paper bag lunch in the museum’s cafeteria, was surprised to see Dean’s message waiting for him when he checked his silenced phone on a whim two hours before he was due for break. It wasn’t that they don’t normally hang out during the daylight hours, but between they two very differing jobs, it’s usually impossible to plan for it.
the problem now is how he took one whiff of this guy – this stranger – and now he’s suddenly being labeled as gay? This can’t be right.
It dawns on Dean that she doesn’t mean him at all. She meant those words for his friend. And his faerie didn’t deny it. Finally knowing that everything he’s been feeling hasn’t been one sided has never felt so good, yet so terrible at the same time.
It takes a second of watching Crowley look more like his relaxed, smug self before the sudden clarity of everything hits Dean like a punch to the chest. He knew exactly what was going to happen and somehow planned the whole thing.
and didn’t do anything to stop it. No one knew about them, and everyone thinks he’s romanizing the his situation to get attention. With three years since that day, Dean hasn’t been able to meet anyone new that’s given any reason to continue. Not like he did. Not like anyone ever could, though.
Chalking it up to some sort of mate thing, Dean doesn’t even ask how Cas knows what he was about ready to do. Giving a stiff nod, Dean lets his alpha’s hand keep guiding him forward until Sam stops next to a room on the left with a door wide open.
“I helped Claire with a case last month in Nebraska while you were two states over,” Castiel interrupts with that cold, monotone angel voice he gets when he’s pissed. “I believe you said you were busy with a rugaru and I could handle it.”
The habit to run a hand through his hair is strong, but Dean stops himself before his hands move too far. Cautiously, he takes a step closer to Sam. The blood around him is darker than he remembers blood being, but chalks it up to his sense of color not being fully functional yet. It happens, or so he’s told. Swallowing thickly, Dean kneels down next to the corpse, reaching out with two fingers and carefully places them on Sam’s eyelids, pulling them closed. He hates how cold and stiff his brother feels underneath him.
“Bring him back!” He yells at the sky. “I will burn this whole world down, I swear to your Father! Bring him back, or so help me, I’ll tear each and every one of you down from the sky! I will pluck all your fucking feathers out one by one and leave you walk this place in constant misery as one of them!” Dean leans forward slamming his fists on the roof in rage. Dean remains steady as the building trembles with the hit, spiderweb cracks forming throughout the cement. “Bring him back!”
Dean’s smile curves into something darker, more menacing than he could ever think possibly to see cross over Dean’s lips. “Enjoying he show?” He asks, kicking away his jeans.
Castiel looks up at the ceiling desperately trying to blink back tears. He sniffs and huffs out a laugh as a tear escapes down his cheek. “Maybe you got things wrong.”
His hand now coated with blood reaches out to hold himself up against his car and Castiel flinches. Dean would never intentionally do anything to dirty his car. He slowly feels Sam loosening his hold and lets go before he can object.
Dean clears his throat again, managing an awkward one shouldered shrug. Suddenly it feels like it’s sweltering in here. “Just another job, ya know? Pretty easy compared to the shit we’ve been handling lately.”
Castiel shivers at the thought and sees Sam saying something to Crowley. The King of Hell gives him a pissed off look but disappears. A moment later he reappears with something in his arms and throws it at him. The blanket hits him and falls to the floor. Sam grabs it from the floor, shooting Crowley a look, and shakes it open, draping it over his shoulders. Castiel nods his thanks but doesn’t have the heart to say what he’s feeling isn’t from the temperature.
Dean sits on the edge of the slightly bent, misshapen metal bench in the holding cell staring at Gordon’s blood discoloring his hands. He rubs and scratches at the darkened spots, as if making the evidence disappear from his skin will make what happened somehow vanish with it.
“Dude, demons I get,” he says closing his eyes and rubbing his forehead feeling the beginning of a headache coming on. “But people…people are fucking crazy.”
Dean’s never put much thought into those poor bastards that sell their souls to demons for whatever it is that they burn for. He doesn’t have to. He’s already bound to the frosty hands of Hell, number one. And number two, he can take whatever it is that he wants, whenever he wants. One of the perks to not really giving a damn, he guesses. Honestly he never put too much thought into it.
He hears Sam suck in a sharp breath as he takes a turn a little too fast. “The weird one? They said she quit, or whatever.”
Furrowing his forehead Dean tries to think of something, but nothing is clear. It’s all a confusing jumble of things he
Fighting back the urge to sigh, Castiel knows better than to get involved at this point. He’s seen enough to know Sam is taking the only opportunity presented in the last whoever knows how long to try and talk to a sober, actually present Dean. Cornering him in the car may not be the best decision, but Castiel gets it. Dean glances back at Sam, eyes narrowing in a challenge for his brother to continue. Castiel takes in a quiet breath and holds it, waiting for one stubborn brother to cave. Being around the Winchesters long enough he knows that this isn’t going to end well for any of them.
“Let me introduce you,” Castiel says far too enthusiastic to be sincere. “This is Daphne. Daphne, this is Dean.”
Dean glances over to him as Sam sighs. He knows what his brother is thinking. It’s what he’s been thinking since the moment everything clicked together at the diner. Dean looks back over at Cas and grits his teeth together. This is all his fucking fault.
He bites his trembling lip and looks straight ahead past Castiel to the wall behind him, not even carrying that the tears were falling freely now. “Thirty years I said no and then I couldn’t do it anymore. I got off that rack, God help me, I got right off it and I started ripping them apart. I lost could of how many souls…all the things I did to them…”
He just got some random alpha is address. Some random alpha who is on his way over to stick his dick in his ass and knot him.
“I can’t hire someone when you’re here because it’s distracting or they refuse to work with an omega. You need to face facts that this is just a beta and alpha job now. Hell, the fact that you’ve lasted this long is mostly my own fault, but an impressive feat nowadays. Like I said, you being here was fine before when you didn’t smell, but that’s kinda changed now. We’ve lost good customers and money because of it. I gave it some time to see if this could work, but it just ain’t workin’. It doesn’t look good with you bein’ here, anymore. I can get more business if I got someone beta working here, plus I wont have to worry about him callin’ off for whatever reason due to their body, or whatever crap you got goin’ on.”
“It wasn’t just a normal virus. The whole thing was human made, created specifically to rewrite a human’s entire genetic code makeup. It’s almost as if we share a similar code with the canine species. ” he pauses as he listens to Dean’s heartbeat for a moment before continuing. “Whatever genes or traits were more dominate before this crap happened, well, in essence that’s what a person became. The ‘virus’ was just a mask for what was really going on. While people were being taken to the hospital and near death from something no medical professional could figure out, their bodies were actually changing. Completely altering.”
“I know what a restraining order is,” Dean says rolling his eyes. “You said he got out on bail, though, right?”
“I think he was your alpha, right?” The guys says, voice dipping into a tone that’s just a little too soft, bordering on condescending. “It would put your alpha’s mind at ease if you just let me check and see how you’re doing, alright?”
“Ain’t nothin’ fine ‘bout it, but if that’s what you’re sayin’ to get you through life nowadays I’ll pretend,” he says with a shrug.
Dean shakes his head again before burying it in his hands. There was something Benny said. Something about learning new tricks? He tries to push through the throbbing pounding inside his head, searching harder for what was said but everything’s starting to become mixed up again. It’s like a swirling spiral of colors like some kind of bad acid trip, but instead of trying to find an exit, Dean just keeps diving in deeper into the colors.
Castiel walks in front of Dean and without pausing jabs the needle into bicep. Dean’s eyes slide back as he begins struggling against the chains trying to attack him. He screams in frustration as Castiel pulls the needle out of his shoulder, backing up a few steps. The green of Dean’s eyes are staring straight ahead as he pants, hanging forward against the chains.
