He felt Cas squeeze him back gently so at least he knew his hug wasn’t out of line. Stepping back he motioned to the chair in front of his desk for Cas to sit, opting to lean against the desk.
“I don’t think there’s anything you can do, man. Look, it’s not a commentary on your personality or your public popularity or anything. Everyone loves you. The country is excited to have a young, liberal ruler. But if the Council rules that this Marv guy has a stronger claim then I guess that’s that.”
“Yes, I teach elementary education out in Winchester. With Dean and his obvious duties at the palace I had hoped perhaps I could find a school in the capital that would accept me.”
Dean nodded. Refocused, he re-opened his book and picked up his pen, motioning for Crowley to do the same.
"Well, if Cas is on board with this then we’ll fly out to you guys and get to the bottom of this!” Gabe said.
“Look Dean.” Ellen started. “I don’t like lying to people-But when you’re in the business that we are you do it when you have to. As long it’s for the benefit of someone else. Now, all Bobby told me was that your dad had shown up and that under no circumstances was I to let him know that you were there. I’ve known Bobby a long time and he’s never steered me wrong before. So I decided to trust him.”
‘Please don’t ask around’ Dean thought. John could describe him to anyone in the bar and they would all be able to identify him. They all saw him behind the bar 5 friggin’ minutes ago.
“I do not know where I am from. I have very few memories of my time prior to coming to the Roadhouse.”
“My best friend is being Tricked by a big, green tractor? Well that would definitely be a new one.” Kevin asked, reading the subject line of the e-mail off the screen.
Before he knew it, he was being shuffled out the door and into a waiting vehicle. Crowley raised an eyebrow when Cas followed but said nothing. Bobby would be staying behind at the manor to arrange everything with the servants. They would need to set up new maintenance schedules since the house would be empty for the foreseeable future, with Sam living on campus at University.
“Yeah…they do” Dean said. He seemed hesitant. “Look, Cas don’t freak out or anything but….when my brother found out about you last night he blabbed and told Bobby and Ellen.”
“Yeah, that doesn’t work as an excuse every time.” Ellen said, refusing to back down. “Spit it out. What’s got you all in a huff?”
“Not really. It’s pretty much expected for law firms to take a certain percentage of pro bono work. It’s good for the public image. So I let my brothers and sister be the big names and take the big cases that rake in the big bucks and they let me manager probably 90% of the pro bono work. It’s mostly only allowed because I’m their brother but I’m not complaining about it.”
“What about Jo?” Bobby asked, “Or even Ellen? Hell, she spends most of her days in the office anymore anyway. And so what if I have to leave for a weekend here or there? No one’s gonna die if you’re alone for a few days.”
“Ok, you need to start making some sense, pal. Because I’ve about had my fill of cryptic today and I’m really tired of looking at your face. Who the hell are you?” Dean said, his glare going full force. Will sighed.
“We’re not the most reputable joint but the last thing you wanna do is pull a fast one in a room full of hunters.” She warned.
Dean heard Bobby breathing on the other end before he swore quietly under his breath. There was a click on the line, but Dean could tell it was just Bobby putting the phone on the table. He heard some muffled speaking before he could hear the scraping of the phone being picked up.
They were back at Meg and Cas’s apartment, sitting at the kitchen table this time. Meg was in class so it was just Kevin, Cas, and Gabe sitting in front of Gabe’s laptop. Gabe and Kevin laid everything that they found out for Cas and let him digest it.
If this were a lifetime movie then Ellen would put her hand over Dean’s and look him in the eye while she told him that the thanks wasn’t necessary. And Bobby would clap his hand on Dean’s shoulder and tell him, for the second time that day that everything was going to be ok.
“Uh it’s Novak, Novak, and Milton.” Cas answered. He glanced back down at his beer before meeting Dean’s eyes again. “The two Novak’s are my older brothers and the Milton is my sister, although she married and chose to change her name. It’s a family business you could say.” Cas gave a tight smile and Dean couldn’t help but notice his eyes glance around over his shoulder. It wasn’t the first time but Dean wasn’t sure if it was just nerves or if he was looking for something.
“Wow. Ok…I guess I will take a shower then and get dressed.” Cas replied, looking lost with his tousled hair and superhero boxers.
“Oh my God.” Dean muttered, laughing a little to himself. “Now I see why you brought me here. What is he, an ex-boyfriend? God I’m stupid. Should have known better than to use that stupid app. You don’t even care about me, do you? Just picked the first decent looking guy to message you back to show off in front of your ex.”
"Alright, well let’s run the number” Gabe said. They copied Dean’s number from Cas’s e-mail and pasted it into the search bar on the phone number look up website that they used.
“By the way, I’d like to introduce you to Baby.” Dean said, running his hand across the hood as he crossed around to the driver’s side.
After John had left, Ellen had helped Dean up off the floor and ushered him into the office. She had asked Cas if he wouldn’t mind watching the bar for a bit. He blanched a little at the request but Ellen quickly reassured him that if anyone asked for anything more complicated than a beer or straight liquor to come get her. He had nodded solemnly and taken up his post behind the bar.
“You know, you get little wrinkles on your nose and between your eyes and it’s just…I don’t know…cute.” Dean answered. “So was that all true. Did he really do all of that?”
“Hey Meg!” Gabe said, when the curly haired woman appeared on screen. She appeared to be in a small bedroom, sitting cross legged on her bed.
Dean spared a calculating glance at his roommate before shrugging and returning to his dresser. Eventually Cas had had enough of laying on his mattress and fished out his sheets and blanket and made his bed. He flopped back on the bed, apparently satisfied with completing one unpacking task at a time, and pulled out a book and started reading.
“I was wondering….well hoping perhaps…once I’ve gotten my first paycheck.” Cas fumbled over his words, “Would you be interested in having a meal with me?”
The door swung open and Dean scrambled for the tests on the counter. He managed to grab two but one was knocked to the floor. Standing in the door was Sam with his eyebrows raised at Dean’s reaction.
“What was the name of Dean’s brother? Sam?” Gabe asked, although he was already typing the name into the facebook search bar. “If he’s eighteen then he probably has a facebook page.”
Michael again stepped forward. Dean wanted to take a step back but found himself frozen. He struggled against the immovable force keeping his feet glued to the floor, his eyes darting around, scanning for an exit and hoping a door would somehow manifest where he knew there was none.
He huffed and puffed and rolled around on his bed but the zipper was just not moving. So he pulled on one of his larger, more stretchy shirts and threw a flannel over top of it (which he luckily did not have to button) and headed back down stairs. Bobby looked up from his newspaper once more and raised an eyebrow. Dean sighed with his hands on his hips. He avoided Bobby’s eyes.
Cas felt himself deflating. He stared down at his tea and made an aborted attempt to pick it up again but found the energy had been sucked out of him.
Dean turned to look at the pictures on the wall. There was the standard, framed first dollar from when Ellen and Bill (Ellen’s late husband) had opened the bar. A picture of a much younger Ellen and a Bill that Dean had never met standing outside of a much less worn down Roadhouse. And of course, there was no short supply of pictures of Jo. Jo as an infant being held by her father. Jo as an infant being held by her mother. Jo sitting in her high chair with an empty beer bottle, no doubt given to her by an adult who thought it would be funny. Not too many pictures of Jo as she got older. In fact they all seem to taper off just before Jo became a teenager. Someone who didn’t know the family might just think that a teenager going through puberty was against having their picture taken. But Dean was well aware that Jo’s father had died not too long after she had turned 11. There must not have been much worth taking pictures of for a while after that. Nonetheless, there was a single framed photo, sitting on the desk rather than the wall, of Jo and Ellen from probably only about a year ago. And tucked into the corner of the frame was a wallet sized photo of Bill. Dean knew his dad had a similar picture in his wallet of Mary. It seems like hunters always end up holding the ones they love in their wallets rather than in their arms.
He resolved to take some time early the next week to take a drive to the next town and start shopping. He couldn't buy anything major but he could definitely stock up on a book or two and figure out what he should be doing right now.
And came face to face with John Winchester, who looked down at the little stick on the floor between him and Dean before crouching down and picking it up.
And by his side through the entire ordeal (well, those permitted by law and custom) was Cas. Cas, who stood solemnly several rows behind Dean at the funeral, and who sat next to Dean and clutched his hand beneath the table at the following lunch. And it was Cas who met Dean in their rooms at the end of each long day and just let him shuck off metaphorical crown and melt into their bed.
Cas hadn’t really understood Dean’s need to fulfill his royal obligations EVERY weekend and it had led to some tension between them for several months.
“Ok first of all, don’t say court.” Dean corrected, cursing the warmth he felt in his cheeks as they reddened “It’s dating. We’re not in the 12th century, dude. And secondly…it wasn’t…I mean-I’m not against going out to dinner it’s just….well” Dean looked down at his bump and looked back up at Cas. Cas’s eyes followed down and then back up but he still stared confusedly at Dean. Dean let out a frustrated sigh, “Can’t you see that I’m pregnant?”
“They watch over all of us, Dean.” She answered. “You will always be Prince Dean of Campbell because it was always meant to be that way. Even if you’re never King, you will always be chosen.”
“It is important to me that you understand your importance, Dean.” Michael said. He walked around the chair and took a seat, leaning back and crossing one leg over the other. “Angels haven’t walked the Earth in thousands of years, and yet there have been three in this town alone. Surely you must be wondering why.”
“Hey there, Cas!” Gabe said. Cas greeted Kevin and Gabe as well before they started asking him questions.
“I gotta go. I miss you.” Dean said, before hanging up the phone. He stared at the phone and half expected it to ring again. But a few more seconds passed and Dean realized with a shaking breath that Cas was waiting for him. He could call Sam again tomorrow.
That night Dean and Sam and gone to some B Horror movie playing at the movie theatre. Sam stuck to a sensible diet coke and some Red Vines while Dean had managed to finish off his popcorn and half a tray of nachos before the previews were over. Luckily, he had thought ahead and still had a soft pretzel and 2 boxes of sno-caps to get through.
“There is one thing.” Gabe said. “The one link between everything seems to be Lawrence, Kansas. So whoever this Dean guy is, he’s in Lawrence.”
“Dean, I can tell you are a good man. Everyone has made mistakes in their past but I have known you for several months and I can tell you that I see nothing but goodness in you.” Cas said, moving his arm from the back of the couch to instead cover Dean’s hand with his own where it sat on Dean’s knee.
Cas went to rise from the bed but found his hand grabbed by Dean who pulled him back down. He laid a soft kiss on his lips.
“Your dad picked up a case a few hours out. It seems like a simple salt and burn so he’ll most likely be back tomorrow or the day after. He wanted to get into town tonight to get started early in the morning. I left Sam at the house – he’s 13, he can take care of himself for a few hours.” Bobby paused, unsure if he wanted to continue. “Ellen called me back after John left to let me know how it all went down. Don’t get mad at her for telling me, she was trying to be cagey about it to let you have a chance to tell me yourself, but I didn’t give her much choice.”
Cas’s eyebrows knitted together in confusion. Dean was quick to jump in before Cas could ask his question.
“That would be awesome” Meg said. And for the first time in the conversation, she cracked a bit of a smile. They said their goodbyes and hung up the call.
“Yeah, I kind of figured that when you put ketchup on your pancakes last week.” Bobby raised his eyebrow. Dean hadn’t realized that Bobby had noticed, he was trying to be as inconspicuous as possible. Dean let out a chuckle.
But local politics held no true interest for Crowley. He didn’t truly care whether a sidewalk was put in on Coral Street or whether there should be firmer policies around loitering in the town square. But he bided his time, currying favor with his township before moving up and up the ladder straight to court. He was the youngest person to join the High Council in 43 years, at the young age of 32. He served for 15 years before being unanimously elected Chairman, the highest elected position in the entire country, and his first five years had gone as well as could be expected. King Samuel was not the easiest royal to work for but Crowley was a shark and got what he wanted. His sixth year was proving to be the most interesting by far of any other in his years of public service.
Dean was behind the bar of the Roadhouse no less than an hour later and was in the process of drying glasses when Castiel appeared from the back and took his usual seat at the bar.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas said. He had left the door partially open and remained standing awkwardly in the doorway. “I just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
Ellen stepped away to fill his order and Dean tried to get his breathing under control. His father was sitting at the bar right above him. There was nothing but a few pieces of wood obscuring him from view. Dean mentally kicked himself for his panic. He had a hiding spot, from what he could tell John had no idea he was here, and Ellen didn’t seem like she was about to give it away. He was safe for now and just needed to wait it out.
“Of course, I understand.” Dean replied. “I think it can work though. I’ve heard what people say about Cas. They seem to like him a lot.”
“I feel like there is something on your mind, your Majesty. Forgive me if I’m overstepping, but if there is anything I can assist with, please let me know.”
Eventually he just took another step and slowly leaned towards Dean. Dean stood stock still as Cas came closer. He almost wished that Cas had just gone for the handshake. But no. Cas’s face was getting closer. Dean stopped breathing for the few seconds when he could feel Cas’s breath against his cheek followed by the soft press of his lips in a polite kiss on the cheek.
They tried a reverse image search of the picture and it came up with no matches. So the picture didn’t appear to be stolen from anywhere. They decided to scroll through Dean’s profile more. Meg was right, it was pretty sparse.
He paused momentarily and watched as Dean digested the information. He certainly hoped that Crowley couldn’t tell that his heart had dropped into the pit of his stomach. The prince tried to school his features to give away nothing.
He found himself sitting at the bar and checking out the patrons. There was one other man sitting at the bar although he was sitting a few seats away and seemed to be reading with a barely touched water in front of him. There were a few other people in the building but they appeared to be hunched over at booths deep in discussion or blowing off some steam with pool or darts.
“Just a reminder that we can’t help you if you don’t tell us what’s going on, idjit.” Bobby said. “I just kept thinking you were sick with something. You know how hard it is to get you to eat a god damn piece of fruit? I had to get rid of almost everything else in the fridge just so you would grab one out of lack of options.”
The days following the funeral seemed to pass in a whirlwind. Now that his grandfather and uncle were barely cold in the ground, it was full steam ahead with plans for the coronation. That along with daily meetings with the High Council, overseeing the renovations to what would be his “royal bedchamber” (as Dean liked to say while wagging his eyebrows lewdly at Cas to make him smile), as well as additional
Dean released Cas and saluted back. It was a light touch just to the tip of his hairline. It was a less formal version of the Pilot’s salute, one that was typically delivered by royals with no military background. The pilot released his salute and stepped back from the door. Dean heaved a large breath and turned to Cas.
“Well, the first thing we need to do is get you set up in a room upstairs.” Ellen answered. “Your dad is probably going to stay with Bobby for a few days so you can stay here so you don’t cross paths. And then you, me, and Bobby need to have a long talk.”
“Maybe he could have a children’s education focus. The Council could allow him to cut back on certain royal duties, maybe a smaller amount of public appearances in favor of philanthropic work with children’s schools and orphanages and imagine the good image that kind of work would bring the palace. Not just the palace, but the High Council, hell the whole country!” Dean smacked a palm excitedly on his desk.
“Huh….dude’s got more balls than I thought.” Dean muttered to himself. He turned around and stopped in his tracks at the sight of Sam sitting up in bed. He was smirking. Dean hated when he smirked.
And either way, Will’s hands were already in his pants and he was feeling good so he guessed it didn’t matter.
“I am not sure how comfortable I feel going behind Dean’s back and it seems like a betrayal to assume that he is lying to me.” Cas said, after a moment of thought. Gabe nodded.
“I mean…there’s not any kind of rule against it or anything.” Dean floundered, “It’s just-why would you want to date a pregnant dude?”
Dean thought that sounded terrible. But he could tell Cas was excited about it so he smiled right back.
“Ok. Well then how about we start with what I need to know that will get me through the next few hours.”
Dean considered blowing her off again for a brief moment before reconsidering. They did have at least two more hours in the car and if he really pissed Ellen off then it would be a very long two hours.
“Everything’s fine, Dean. Be careful of your temper. Wouldn’t want to hurt my son in there.” Michael said, gesturing towards Dean’s belly.
Now normally, Dean had a pretty short fuse if you pushed the right buttons. And Cas was pushing all of them in the right order. But there was something resigned in Cas that stopped the brewing storm in Dean’s chest. Instead, he felt as if all the air in him went whooshing out like air being let out of a balloon.
It only took three years for John to drink his liver away. He drew even further away from court, which was quite a feat considering how far removed he was to begin with. Dean picked up the slack where his father found himself unable to, attending ceremonies and dinners where needed. He found himself spending more weekends at home than at school and contemplated transferring to a smaller university in Winchester. But Sam wouldn’t hear of it. He finally persuaded Dean to stop covering for their father so much and spend more weekends at school and less going to functions making excuses for why his father couldn’t make it.
He had no idea exactly what time it was, but he knew that there was no limit on how long he could hide in bed before he felt ready to go back out and face everyone. How could he have let this happen?
He was used to people acknowledging his royalty. But in non-ceremonial circumstances or unless he was at some function or another, they typically acknowledged him with averting of their eyes and a slight bow of the head or curtsey. And when he was in public outside of Winchester and the capital he was barely even recognized half the time. He was not accustomed to the sweeping bows that he was already dreading experiencing.
“Mr. Crowley, I am not overly well versed in Casterbury law but I am aware that two men are allowed to marry and that there are surrogacy laws in place for aristocracy who are unable to produce an heir of both bloodlines. There is no legal reason why Dean and I can’t marry and we cannot use a surrogate to continue the royal Winchester line. Regardless, even if I could produce him an heir I am not of a royal bloodline so I fail to see any difference anyway.”
“Yes actually. There’s a bar on 4th called The Jury Room? They have a good beer and wine list but they have a good selection of whiskeys and scotches as well.”
Dean sat there for a few moments, still unsure if John had actually seen him and was just trying to sneak up on him.
Cas realized his error in his questioning as he froze with the tables turned on him. He looked down at his hand that was still resting on Dean’s leg and began picking at a thread on his jeans.
The night after Cas’s first shift they hadn’t had a chance to hang out. John hadn’t yet returned from his hunt so Dean wanted to take advantage of that and spend some more time with Sam. Cas was very understanding and Dean promised visit him at the library the following day to make up for it.
“Oh, that’s odd. Well maybe it was a one off thing and it’s better now.” Cas shrugged it off and quickly exited the vehicle. Dean tapped his fingers on the steering wheel for a moment before nodding to himself and climbing out of the car, careful of oncoming traffic.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
She showed him the back, where they put the dirty dishes and glasses. They didn’t cook much apparently but they had a few menu items that were occasionally ordered. She showed him the kitchen area but advised him that he wouldn’t really have to be in there too much. Ellen had a guy, Ash, who cooked when needed and Jo was usually on table service. So he would mostly just be hanging around behind the bar. She pushed him out the door at around 2 and told him to come back at 7 in a dark t-shirt and jeans.
After what seemed like forever, Dean felt the weight remove from his body, and the hands around his neck retreated. He heard the car groan as Will shifted over to the driver’s side. Through Dean’s closed eyes he saw a light glow, as if there was that light flashing again. There was a loud gasp and then Dean heard Will. He couldn’t pick out what he was saying but he sounded panicked and he was poking at Dean’s face and feeling around his wrist. Dean groaned in response and the hands went away. Dean felt the car move again as the door opened and Will got out. He felt the door behind him give way followed by hands under his arms, pulling him out of the truck. His feet hit the ground as the rest of him was slowly lowered down.
Dean pointed his dripping toothbrush at him and said, “Technicalities” before turning and spitting into his sink. He rinsed his toothbrush and ran his fingers through his hair, flattening down some sections before returning to the room.
Although Cas seemed to have a few years on him he never treated Dean like a child. Dean was struck with the thought that he didn’t actually know how old Cas was.
“Wait, hang on.” Sam said. Dean could hear him shuffling around and heard a door open and close before he spoke again, his voice a little louder. “Ok, what was that? Because it sounded like you said that Grandpa and Uncle David died.”
“You know, it would be a lot easier for both of you if you did end it.” Crowley replied. Cas opened his mouth to reply but Crowley held up his hand. “BUT…if you insist on continuing with your relationship then there is a lot you will need to learn and adjust to.”
Dean found his head throbbing from it’s impact with the car door, and the throbbing was only intensifying with the vice grip around his throat, cutting off his oxygen. He grasped at Will’s hands, trying to pull them off. He was just starting to see black creep into his vision when Will released him and he slumped down.
“I simply told him that God had a plan. And that I needed his help.” Will replied. Then he chuckled, “Not much of a church goer, but an Angel shows up, shows off some wings, and everyone’s a believer.”
“Ellen has expressed the same sentiment. However, not many would be as generous as her.” Cas said, playing with the condensation dripping down his water glass. “She took me in when many others probably would not have done the same.”
Alone in the hallway, Dean was suddenly very aware of how quiet the house was. Of course it would be, it was 3 in the morning. He tried to keep his steps steady as he walked down the stairs to his formal sitting room, suddenly nervous for what was waiting for him behind the doors. There was only so much that would bring the most senior royal advisor all the way out to the Winchester family home at this hour of the night. He squared his shoulders and entered the room.
“Ok, so that does seem a little suspicious. Dating profile, only one picture, claims not to have a facebook. Seriously, who doesn’t have a facebook these days?” Kevin asked. He swiveled the digital camera from the laptop screen to Gabe who was scratching his chin.
Apologies for the delay with this. I've been trying to finish the story so I don't catch up to myself but I've really hit writers block on some of the later chapters. I know what I want to happen, it's just getting the words out that is the hard part. But I figured I've kept you waiting long enough. I hope you enjoy!
Wednesday found Castiel grimacing through a few sips of a Vodka Cranberry. Although Dean had made some joke about that being ok since it was a pretty ‘girly’ drink. Castiel, true to form, did not appear to understand the joke and merely crinkled his brow and asked how exactly to distinguish the gender of a beverage. Dean simply shook his head.
"Yeah, Ellen's like that." Dean smiled, returning to dawdling around behind the bar. "Once she decides that she trusts you, you're in.”
“That’s completely fair. However, I would like you to think of this more as an attempt to finally bring you and Dean together.” Gabe offered. “Do you want to meet Dean?”
As he took a step towards Sam he paused. Maybe it would be better to just go. That way at least Sam wouldn’t have to lie to John about where Dean was. He wanted to spare Sam as much trouble as possible. Dean sighed and nodded, his decision made.
Dean and Cas had been sitting fairly stiffly next to one another on the couch that sat at the end of Cas’s bed. They had discussed what movie to watch and once settled no other words were spoken save for a few comments and questions from Cas about the movie. Then, at one more quiet part of the film, Cas began to yawn a little. Dean was worried for a moment that Cas was too tired to finish the movie until Cas raised his arms over his head in a yawn. Dean felt one of Cas’s arms rest on the couch behind his shoulders and couldn’t help but chuckle a little.
“But Dean that’s just it. Maybe you don’t need it per se but damn if it doesn’t make it easier.” Charlie argued, tapping away at her phone. “Like here, this is Dorothy,” She tilted the screen towards Dean, “And we are meeting at the Roadhouse in 20 minutes to bang it out.”
“I know you can but just…” Dean sighed and rubbed his eyes. “Look, it’s been a really long night and I’m not going to be getting to sleep anytime soon so can we please not fight?”
“I know Sam, but it’s what mom would have wanted.” Dean said gently before clearing his throat. “Besides, you would have had to come up in a few days for the funeral anyway so what difference does it make if you leave tonight?”
“Oh my god, I’m not gonna get boobs am I? Ow Ellen! Be nice to me, I’m with child!” Dean rubbed the back of his head where Ellen had smacked him. Luckily the doctor just chuckled.
“Dear Kevin and Gabe” Gabe read out. “My name is Meg. I’m writing to you because I think my friend is being messed with by someone online. His name is Cas, and he is a really great guy. We met our freshman year at college and, for some reason he wanted to be my friend. Two years later and I can’t seem to shake the guy. But he grew up with a really sheltered family so coming to college has been really overwhelming and he spent a lot of time in his dorm. I try to bring him out with me to parties so he can meet people but he seems more interested in his computer. I thought he just had a more introverted personality but recently he admitted to me that he is in an online relationship. I thought he meant that it was a long distance relationship but turns out he never met the guy. I did a little snooping, sue me, and it all looks really suspicious. This guy has a dating profile with ONE picture and claims not to have a facebook. His name is Dean and he comes across as a perfect Midwestern farm boy. But on top of that, he drives a classic car and loves classic rock but he also has a sensitive, caring side. It just seems too perfect. Like someone who took as much cool/nice stuff as they could think of and put them into one profile. Cas will be able to give you all the nitty gritty details, but I just don’t believe that this guy is legit. And as much as it will break his heart if it’s all a lie, I’d rather he know than continue to give his love and attention to someone who is messing with him. Cas has hopes of being a veterinarian and has been talking lately about how nice it would be to work with farm animals out in Lawrence, where Dean lives. I’m not a sentimental person, but nobody messes with Cas. Please help him out. Meg”
“Sounds cool, man! Finally going to be contributing to society.” Dean joked, “Why’d you decide to get a job though? Ellen decide she was going to start charging you rent?”
“Because I don’t think you’re cut out for royal life.” Crowley answered. “I think that you will stay with the King for a while but eventually the waving, the bowing, the subservience, the public appearances, it will all become too much for you. So you will leave and hide away back in your little school in Winchester and the public will have to watch their new King, their beacon of strength, crumble like the 24 year old he is. Only he won’t be able to eat ice cream and watch romantic comedies all day.”
“Dean, what’s going on? Is everything ok?” Sam said, in a hushed voice. Poor kid was probably still in his dorm room trying not to wake his roommate.
Dean’s sexy librarian fantasy fizzled away like a deflated balloon. He gave a mental shrug at the loss.
“Dude, you don’t have to finish that if you don’t want.” Dean said with a smile. Castiel seemed slightly relieved and set it on the counter before taking another sip of his water.
Dean smiled. He had been pretty awkward trying to ask out Will in the hall at school the other day. He was just trying to figure out where he landed on the spectrum and sue him if he thought his friend had nice eyes and a nice ass or whatever. There was a lot of back and forth before Dean decided to pull Will into a small cove of lockers. But hey, if it got him a hot make out session in Will’s truck, who cares?
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“Yeah me too. And uh…thanks again for being so considerate. Not a lot of guys would be so nice.” Cas replied. Dean paused and just decided to go for broke.
Both of them had swiped right and started chatting within minutes. Dean chuckled to himself as his match pinged another message telling him how “aesthetically pleasing” he was. He wasn’t sure if he was being honest or if he just had a weird sense of humor. But Dean found Castiel charming nonetheless.
“Yeah, that’s a good idea. We can take your car this time. Maybe it’ll be better if he sees my car here and thinks he’s safe and then he’ll be really surprised.”
He could have technically forbid her. It was within his rights as the sovereign to approve of any royal marriages. But he knew she would never forgive him. And she was not only his Princess but his “princess.”
Ellen dropped off John’s beer and continued on working behind the counter as if her bartender wasn’t currently hiding underneath it.
They were still at Chapel Run fifteen minutes later. Will had been leaning more heavily into Dean and finally Dean shifted enough that Will was able to push him back to lay across the front seat. He quickly covered Dean’s body with his own and continued their make out session with a hearty dose of grinding and grabbing. Dean’s hands were in Will’s hair and Will’s were running up and down his sides.
He always intended to get Sam tested, though. He was about the right age for it and Dean wanted to be sure that Sam knew how to take care of himself. He never quite knew how to bring it up to his dad though. He figured that his dad would brush it off. No sense in getting tested for being a carrier unless you were planning on taking it up the ass anytime soon and no son of his would ever be so disgraceful. He would have just taken Sam himself but you needed parental consent. He could forge John’s signature well enough but someone would have to go with Sam and there was no way he looked old enough to pass for Sam’s parent.
“Thank you, Dean” Cas answered. He paused for a moment before quickly leaning in and planting a swift goodbye kiss on Dean’s lips. He turned around immediately and was down the stairs before Dean could comprehend what just happened.
While they were distracted, Adam had managed to climb up into the booth next to him. He didn’t say much, as Dean had told him that he was a little shy around people. But he offered Cas one of the grapes he was eating so Cas thought that he had his approval.
At that moment, Dean pulled out his phone. They were surprised to find it to be a very old model. It clearly did not have a camera on it.
“So you were saying that we are going to stay with our current trade agreements with Myorca? I think that seems like a good idea. I was reviewing those earlier this week and there are a few things I would recommend tweaking a little but we need to make it through our five year commitment before we start renegotiations.”
“Yeah I would say so. Tell him that wasn’t even a little bit funny.” Sam said, though he was chuckling a little to himself. “How have you been doing by the way Cas?”
Ellen waved him off and shooed them out of the building. Dean managed to call out goodbye to Bobby and Sam before the door shut in their face. Dean turned to Cas, his cheeks reddening slightly.
Bobby nodded and turned back to Dean’s things. Most of his items had been packed, save for his toiletries. Bobby ducked into the bathroom which gave Cas and Dean a much needed few minutes alone. Cas quickly stepped into Dean’s space. He paused for a moment before Dean reached out and took him into his arms. Tension melted out of Cas’s shoulders as he securely wrapped his arms around Dean.
“Go to bed, Sam” Dean said before heading out towards the main room. He paused before he entered, waiting until he heard the bedroom door close.
Cas was a little frozen at first, not fully understanding what exactly happened. But once he realized the awkward moment was over and Dean was fully invested in the tv screen, he relaxed back into the couch. Dean adjusted with him and the two of them sat comfortably for the rest of the movie, with Dean snuggled into Cas’s side.
Dean blew out a breath as he flopped down on the couch, dropping his head in Cas’s lap. Gentle hands wound their way into his hair and lightly scratched at his scalp. He groaned quietly.
Finally he was escorted to his temporary rooms at the palace where Cas was waiting for him. Bela had told him that the council wanted to meet with him again the next day for a more in depth meeting to bring him up to speed on most affairs but certainly understood that even royals needed their sleep. He was to meet Bela in his receiving chamber no later than 1 PM and given that it was just about 7 AM he was quite ready for sleep.
“Sam, really. I haven’t told anyone and I don’t want to talk about it, ok?” When Sam nodded Dean let out a relieved breath. “How about you go down stairs and see if Ash will make us a couple of burgers? I’m gonna change real quick.”
The first tragedy occurred with the death of David’s daughter, Gwen. She was unfortunately struck with sickness very suddenly and passed away at the age of 24. David and his wife, Delilah, were understandably distraught. Delilah’s pregnancy had been difficult and they were not anticipating the ability to have another child, especially given Delilah’s now advanced age. Nevertheless, they tried and got pregnant again a year later, but Delilah was not able to survive the birth and the child passed within a few days. This understandably created a dilemma as there was no heir following David. He mourned for the appropriate period of time and had begun looking for a new wife who would be able to give him a child to ensure the line of succession.
“Wait, what?” Dean said, his bedhead and befuddled expression painting a wonderful portrait of modern monarchy. Bobby rolled his eyes and stepped towards Dean.
Dean was not 100% sure he wanted to play in. But he couldn’t back out, right? That was for prude chicks.
Still, Fergus occasionally wondered why she even kept him around. Why hadn’t she just dropped him on a doorstep and been done with him? It’s possible that deep in her heart she held some sort of love for him. Although she swears it was simply because it was easier to scam a night’s stay in a hotel or a crisp stack of bills from kindly do-gooders who saw a poor young girl and her helpless child.
“Dean is fine.” Ellen interrupted. “Jo I need you to open up room 3 upstairs and put some fresh linens on the bed. Maybe open the window too.”
“Or something.” Dean answered, continuing to shove his clothes into his dresser with no regard for how they had been carefully folded into his suitcase.
It seemed like he had some questionnaire that he had to fill with factoids from Dean all about his life, but Dean never really thought about returning the favor.
“Oh.” Castiel replied. He seemed to grimace to himself, perhaps aware that he was not exactly responding normally. “I did not seek a bar for living purposes. I simply managed to find one and Ellen was kind enough shelter me in my need.”
Dean hummed at that in response. It was nothing he didn’t truly know but he had hoped somehow that Crowley would have different news for him.
“Hunters.” Bobby said. He sat down behind his desk, “Ellen’s husband used to be in the game but since he passed she decided to stick in one place with her daughter. Couple-a old hunter friends started passing through and it became sort of a hub. It’s a good meeting spot or a good place to stop if you’re looking for a case.”
“I’m not here to be the bad guy, Cas. Truly, I’m not. But I need to do what is best for my King and my country and I need to make sure that everyone is on the same page. Just think about it.”
“Better?” Dean said, huskily. Cas, eyes wide and cheeks flushed, simply nodded. “Good. So you were saying about your pro bono work?”
Dean frowned and looked at his watch. He still had another 25 minutes before he was supposed to meet with the chef to review the coronation feast menu for finalization. He beckoned for Bela to show in
“No. He’s not very good with technology” Cas said, smiling fondly. “He doesn’t have a webcam and his cell phone isn’t a smart phone so there’s no camera.”
“Dean, I don’t think that you’re really thinking this through.” John said. “You really think that you are capable of raising a child right now? In this environment?”
“Dude, I do not have the time right now to go through my entire career future” Dean said, laughing. “How about when we’re making out you stick to yes or no questions?”
“Well, it’s over twenty-two hours to drive out to LA – trust me, I looked into it. But I would have to split it into two days and so in order to go out and be able to spend even one day with him, I would have to lose at least a week of work. And with the financial situation, I can’t afford to do that.”
“Listen, Cas….don’t feel like…I mean, you don’t have to come over or anything…I didn’t know they planned-“ Dean was cut off when Cas silenced him with a kiss. Dean was frozen momentarily before reaching out and letting his fingers skim Cas’s waist. Cas’s hands were on either side of Dean’s neck, one sliding around to the back of his head as he pressed their lips insistently together. Dean tightened his grip and wrapped his arms around Cas, pulling him closer. They kissed there for a few moments, under the neon light above the Roadhouse. They pulled back a moment later and caught their breath.
“Ok, seriously, what is so fascinating over there?” He asked, swerving his head. He didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. There was one or two people getting drinks alone, with at least one barstool of space between them and then a group of three at the end, facing the booth Dean and Cas were sharing. He turned back to Cas who was looking down at his hands.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“Oh! That reminds me why I’m here.” At Dean’s raised eyebrow Cas rolled his eye, “Ok the other reason why I’m here.”
Crowley greeted him in one of the Council Rooms and introduced him to the other 6 members. Dean couldn’t remember all of their names but was sure he would get them eventually. Maybe when he was less sleep deprived.
Dean glanced down and saw the phone on the floor. He picked it up and could hear Bobby calling his name through the receiver.
Satisfied, for now at least, Marv collected his satchel and left. Crowley rang for his assistant to bring him some more tea. It would be a long night.
“No, I’m not. But I am still a princess, just like you’re a prince. That means something to those people and we want to make sure that we are here for them.” She answered. She paused for a moment before continuing, “Dean, being royal is about more than just who is King and Queen. All of us are part of the royal family. Our job, is to rule with our Council and be a good example for the people. They are supposed to model their lives after ours because our family has been touched by God and blessed as ordained leaders. God chose your ancestors to rule fairly and judiciously and lead all of the people. And even though we will not be the rulers within our family, our role is to support your grandfather and then your uncle, and then your cousin.”
Crowley drummed his his fingers on his knee leaning back in his chair. Out of context he may have looked like he was carefully contemplating his next move in a game of chess. The coronation was only three short months away and a man from Rusheah looked to derail all of the carefully laid plans.
“I missed you, Dean.” Sam said, once their laughter died down. Again, Dean felt that wave of guilt curl in his stomach. His brother, though he’d already noted his growth spurt, seemed small sitting in the borrowed armchair. Dean hated himself for leaving his younger brother, not taking a minute to call or send a message. Traveling alone with their father with no one to turn to and no one to help. Dean felt the guilt quickly turned to panic as he saw Sam subtly try wipe at his eyes, though no tears had fallen. Dean shifted over on his bed to clear a space next to him.
“Well…I simply thought that the film would end with Iceman and Maverick expressing more romantic intentions to one another, however it appears that it is implied that they will remain platonic acquaintances.”
After Ellen’s shocked response (“You’re what?!”) there was a moment of silence. Dean steeled himself to continue. It was mostly over already. He’d already given up the big secret so the minor details of who, how, why, and when were all that was needed before Dean left the building.
“Good. It’s been going pretty good.” Dean answered, “Well, I mean I’m assuming. Now that everyone knows about the baby, Ellen said yesterday that she is making me go to a doctor to get everything checked out.”
“Look, ok yes he’s my ex. He was a lawyer at my brother’s firm and we started dating. But as soon as we had been dating for a few months he changed. He only wanted to hang out with me if one of my brothers were there, he would come into the office with the same suit from the night before smelling like perfume, he began asking me what he had to do to become partner and I just…it was so degrading. I realized he was obviously cheating on me and only wanted to date me because it was my family’s firm. Unfortunately, he caught on that the jig was up and very publically dumped me before I could break up with him back. I just didn’t….” Cas mulled over his words for a moment, picking at the label on his beer bottle. “I was always overshadowed by my siblings and all their accomplishments because they’re so much more ambitious than I am and I just didn’t want to be the sad loser who got dumped at the office Christmas party.”
With that Bobby and Ellen glanced at Dean who was focusing hard on his burger. He was contemplating hot sauce when he felt the eyes.
“No, I’m always a prince, even though I won’t ever be King. But that’s really my formal title. I am also referred to as Lord because I’m the Marquess of Wesson and the Earl of Winchester; Those are called my working titles.” Dean replied, kind of wishing he had a flow chart or something for Cas who already looked confused. Dean jumped back in before Cas could pose another question. “My mom was a princess but after she married my dad she took on the title of Marchioness. My dad was the Earl of Winchester but the royal family awarded him the title of Marquess of Wesson when he married my mom. Eventually when I marry my wife will be Marchioness and my first son will be Earl. Unless I marry a dude, in which case he will just be a lord.”
“That’s what I wanted to discuss with you. I am not sure you understand the commitment you are making when you marry into royalty. Especially into ruling royalty.” Cas’s eyebrows shot up and Crowley cut him off by interrupting with “I know, it’s not officially on the books. But there were whispers around the palace when his royal highness requested a private meeting with his uncle, the late King Samuel. There are only so many things that would have brought him to the palace.”
John left with Sam the day after Dean’s visit with the doctor. True to her word, Ellen had talked to Bobby and he had attempted to convince John to leave Sam in Sioux Falls. But John wasn’t willing to part with the one son he had left. Dean wished that Bobby had pushed a little harder but he knew that their relationship was tumultuous as it was and if Bobby pushed too hard then Sam might not even enter the state of South Dakota for years.
“Technically, no there isn’t.” Crowley said, treading carefully. “Currently if he wanted to teach in Winchester or here in the capital or do pretty much anything, he could. However, if you were to become engaged and married things would change. With royal status and title comes royal duties. Your highness, if Mr. Novak married into royalty he would be bestowed with a royal title as would be his right and privilege. Becoming the partner of a King would require presence at state events, royal parties, public functions, both with and without you. He would have to become a royal entity of his own. Even if his position allowed him the legal ability to take a profession, he simply would not have the time.”
At that moment, Ellen took another healthy swig of her gin and poured some more into her mug. She seemed to stare into the mug for a few moments. Dean might have let her have a moment but he needed information.
Dean nodded, seeming to clear some of the fog from his mine, and moved towards his bathroom when Bobby spoke again.
Cas sighed and shuffled away. Only then did Dean chance looking back up. Luckily, only Ellen was there.
“It’s mine” Dean stated. He took a hesitant step forward and placed the other two on the table. “I wanted to be sure so I took a couple.”
Dean had moved on to putting up some posters, having made his bed already. He could feel when Cas stopped reading and was glancing at him over his book. It happened a few times before Cas eventually gave up on reading. Dean heard the mattress squeak as Cas sat up and leaned back against his pillows.
“I love you, Dean. I loved you before you were King and I’ll love you after. Being a teacher is great but nothing is as good as when I’m with you. I can be happy here.” Cas said. Dean chuckled darkly.
“Yes.” Cas said. “My semester is over in a couple weeks and I will be going to stay with Dean for the summer.”
He was a hunter for Christ’s sake. He could have thought of a million different reasons why he was hiding from John, none of which would have required him to reveal his condition. He could claim John beat him up, or that he messed up a hunt and John was after his hide. He could claim that John was possessed by a demon and he was on the run. Of course, Dean logically knew that any of those lies would have just opened a bigger can of worms to cover up that the one he had already opened. But that didn’t mean that he wasn’t pissed. This changed everything. Everyone would treat him differently. Would Bobby let him help around the junkyard or would he suddenly be too ‘delicate?’ What if Ellen didn’t want him behind the bar anymore? Nothing better than the unwed, pregnant, teenage father serving drinks to give your bar that little something extra. And Cas…..
There was a small part of Dean that thought about asking how long Michael had been possessing Dean's unfortunate date. But it felt petty and small to ask.
During one of their conversations earlier in the month, Dean had decided that ‘Castiel’ was too formal. He had taken to shortening it to ‘Cas.’ Cas, for his part, hadn’t mentioned the change, however he did smile fondly when Dean first started using it. Dean guessed that he was happy to have a friend and the familiarity of a nickname was a novelty to him.
Dean bid farewell to his mother, gave one last bow of respect to his Grandfather and Uncle, and left the hall.
The two brothers lay there a while longer before Dean felt himself drifting to sleep. He decided that Sam had gotten him up far too early and his punishment would be a nap with his brother.
“Any good ones?” John asked. Ellen started into a story that some hunter had come in with the previous week about a wendigo and Dean started to tune it out. Ellen and John kept up the conversation for a few minutes before it petered into a silence.
“Okay look, I’m telling you this because I think you deserve to know. This isn’t something I want Cas knowing and Bobby knows part of it. But this conversation doesn’t leave this room.”
Cas was then seated next to Bobby who gave an abbreviated version of the speech which mostly revolved around willingness to use his shotgun. But he clapped Cas on the shoulder and thanked him for being good to Dean.
There was a weight that hung in the air after that statement. Dean almost wished he hadn’t said anything but it would have come up eventually.
“OR, Bobby could have made up Dean to chat with younger men online. Or maybe Dean is real and Bobby is using his image.” Kevin inserted. Cas deflated a little and Gabe rolled his eyes.
“So you can see, Chairman Crowley, why I felt I had to come forward.” The man said. “Please don’t misunderstand, I mean no ill will towards His Royal Highness. But I can’t stand idly by and allow his coronation when I know that I am the rightful heir to the throne.”
than two hours ago. It is my duty to inform you that by virtue of your mother, Princess Mary, and due to Prince David not leaving any viable heirs prior to his death, you are now King of Casterbury.”
“What? I don’t know. Where are you even hearing that stuff?” Dean asked, really wishing this conversation would end immediately. Sam just shrugged.
He supposed he could sneak away for the last month or two, when it would be too obvious to hide. He was seventeen now, almost eighteen, surely it wouldn’t be seen as too outlandish to want to take a bit of a solo road trip. Sneak away before anybody is the wiser, have the baby in some nowhere town, then put it up for adoption or leave it at a hospital somewhere. Come back to Dad and Sam and nobody’s the wiser. Except for Dean. Could he really live with himself knowing he has a baby somewhere in the world? But what were the other options? Somehow tell Dad, hope he doesn’t get kicked out, and then what? Bringing the baby hunting with them? Saddling Sam with babysitting duty while Dad and Dean went after shapeshifters and werewolves? He couldn’t do that to Sam. And that was under the grand assumption that his dad even thought about letting him keep the baby.
Cas stuttered a response about a recent case won against an abusive ex-husband over custody for a 4 year old to a mother who was doing her best to make a life for her family. Dean nodded along, sipping at his beer.
“Hey Dean-o! How are things?!” Gabe asked, when Dean popped up on his laptop screen. It was time to film the epilogue for the episode, which consisted of Kevin and Gabe calling the two people for an update on their lives since the show.
“Yeah, uh-I’m fine. Just you know….” Dean trailed off. Cas did not ‘just know.’ The silence probably would have continued to descend into scientifically unexplored levels of awkward if the door hadn’t swung open the rest of the way.
Castiel had come up to visit Dean while taking a brief break from manning the bar. He had stumbled over another invitation to hang out in his apartment and Dean readily agreed.
“Because….if you’re here and I say everything that I can only usually say on the phone….or if I say things that I’ve wanted to say for a long time then that means that this” Dean gestured between the two of them “is real. It’s a real, actual relationship. And I haven’t ever done very well in that department. And I tend to mess up a lot and I really don’t want to mess up what we have. Because it’s pretty freaking awesome.”
“Our roles to play? What the hell does that mean? And why is there this mysterious angel chick who seems to know all about Cas when Cas doesn’t even know jack about himself?”
"Thank you." Anna said. "What you have to understand is that God created free will for humans and humans alone. Angels, on the other hand....well let's just say things are a bit more rigid in Heaven. The prophecy of apocalypse has been around almost as long as time and it's always been what was supposed to happen. And an angel will do what they are told. But there are some of us who believe that we have a choice. We don't have to blindly follow Michael and his crusade against Lucifer. So we went underground. Castiel was the leader of my garrison both as a part of Michael's army and the rebellion. We've been working together for years to try and stay a step ahead of Michael and stop his plans before they come to fruition and destroy the Earth in the process. When we discovered his latest plan to try and get a head start against Lucifer we were working on a way to protect you."
“So is that why you’re only ‘technically’ a prince?” Cas said, using air quotes, “Because you’re not actually intended to be King?”
“So if we call him and he is ready to meet up, would you be free for us to go to Lawrence as early as today?” Gabe asked. Cas seemed to think for a moment before nodding.
“Thanks Bobby.” Dean stood from the table. He offered to help clean but Bobby just told him to head upstairs.
Although part of the night was fake, Dean found himself having a really good time. He was bummed when they check came and they had to head out. They walked past the bar and in his peripheral vision he saw the blonde’s eyes following them out, looking partly annoyed, partly disappointed. They exited the bar and made their way back to the car.
“Yes, I am. I wasn’t aware that Cas had any doubts or I would have done something about it.” Dean said.
“Is everything ok?” He asked, turning to look where Cas had just had his eyes trained when he felt his head jerked back to Cas.
“I made it clear on my phone call with Dean that you truly wanted to believe that he was telling the truth about everything. And I made sure he knew that it wasn’t you that wrote into the show. I think the best thing to do right now would be to take this opportunity to finally meet him, and you will be able to talk through everything.”
“Thank you.” Dean said. He took in a deep breath and started playing with his napkin. “Thanks for everything. You both have been awesome with all of this and I know that I lied and I dumped this all in your laps and you didn’t have to help me out but it’s…really cool that you are. So...thanks. Again.” Dean fumbled through the sentence and the napkin was now confetti on his ketchup smeared plate next to his half eaten burger.
“Cas, it’s nice to meet you!” Gabe said, rising to meet him. Meg went back and sat down on the couch while Gabe shook hands with Cas. Kevin zoomed in on Cas’s face. He was a good looking guy. He had nice blue eyes, a little bit of scruff on his chin, and dark, tousled hair. He didn’t appear to be angry or upset but he wasn’t exactly smiling from ear to ear.
“I don’t know a lot about him. I know his name is Dean and that they met on OkCupid. The guys profile is super vague and he only has one picture, which is just him from a bit of a distance with some car. He claims not to have a facebook or a webcam. So all Cas does is either text him or call him. Cas and I go to school at USC and Dean is a mechanic in Kansas.”
Dean voice cracked a little and he sank further into the hug. He was vaguely aware of the tears that had finally started falling but he didn’t have the energy to try and stop them.
It wasn’t always easy on campus, with one of them being royalty and all. There was more than one snide look at Cas and Dean holding hands and whispers accusing Cas of being a gold digger who “turned” the poor prince who was so sheltered in a castle that he didn’t know any better.
“Bobby? What’s going on?” Dean asked casually. He was too hyped up figuring out how to answer Cas that he didn’t notice the urgency in Bobby’s voice.
Cas only had a moment or two to relax before Crowley took a seat in the chair sitting snug next to the couch.
“I know, it sounds crazy. I told her as much and told her to get out of the bar.” Ellen paused for another moment before looking directly at Dean. “But then she told me that she had proof. Proof that she was from Heaven at least. She said that she had seen my Bill, and that he was ok up there. And that he wanted to pass me a message.”
They pulled into the driveway of a nice little farmhouse. They got out of the car and made their way up to the porch. Cas stood just off the porch with Kevin and the crew behind them as Gabe went up to knock on the door. Cas felt his breath catch in his throat as the door handle twisted and slowly opened.
Dean nodded and stepped towards the door. He paused, checking that his suit jacket was buttoned and finally moved to stand in the doorway.
By the time Dean hit four months he was feeling comfortable at the Roadhouse. He knew his way around the bar, had a good relationship going with Ellen and Jo, and Bobby didn’t seem like he was planning on kicking Dean out anytime soon. In fact, Bobby had started coming down to the Roadhouse every few days if he didn’t have to man the phones and Ellen would have Ash whip them up a few burgers. His 18th birthday had been a few weeks prior and they even grabbed a few cupcakes from a local bakery and, to Dean’s relief, they let him eat them without subjecting him to any singing before hand. He remembered that night feeling a small amount of relief in knowing that even if John showed up at some point, he couldn’t technically make Dean do anything. It was only a small comfort though. He still hoped he wouldn’t see his old man until his child was on the outside.
Hello! Sorry I've been gone for so long!!! It's been a little insane lately, I was doing a couple of shows and then the holidays happened and I've also been busy wedding planning! But here is another chapter. I promise this is not an abandoned work!!
“The day before I left was the day I found out I was pregnant. Hell, I didn’t even know I was a carrier so it was a shock to both of us.” Dean glanced up to see Sam watching him patiently. “Dad…he wasn’t really fond of the idea of having a baby to cart around and we both know he wasn’t done hunting. So he wanted to take me to get it taken care of. We fought about it and then….I left.”
The sight of his grandfather and uncle laid out in their royal uniforms for the final time was not a sight Dean had ever wished to see. At least not while they both looked so young, and certainly not at the same time. He was truly unsure how they had possibly gotten the bodies as clean as they had in the time since the crash, but Dean supposed they had protocol for these sorts of things. He simply reflected for what he deemed to be an appropriate amount of time on the enormity of his new burden before turning to have a brief chat with his mother.
It was on one quiet evening a few weeks into Dean’s rule that Dean felt stiffness in the arm sitting around his shoulders. Cas had been rubbing some tension out of Dean’s shoulder while they watched the evening news from their bed but he hadn’t noticed Cas’s hand pausing in motion and he wondered how long he’d been zoned out for.
“Whoa Bobby, how long did Crowley say I would be gone for? And where am I going?” Dean asked, buttoning up his shirt while watching the pile of clothing going into his luggage grow.
Dean nodded. He quickly changed the subject back to something about Harry Potter and he and Cas launched into a discussion. Eventually, Dean worked in enough innuendo that
Cas went to pull his arm back. Dean grabbed Cas’s hand before it could fully recede. He pulled it fully around his shoulders and ever scooted over a little so he was more pressed
Dean’s head shot up. Cas was looking at him with a hopeful yet nervous expression. Dean faltered for a moment, unsure of how to respond.
‘You’ll still have to tell someone eventually.’ He thought. He was a damn good liar….but he wasn’t sure what kind of story he could spin that would have Bobby believing that he needed a crib.
“Yeah like….usually when we come to Uncle Bobby’s we have to clean the sheets and air out the room a little. But this time it was already pretty clean. Like someone had been staying there already.”
Will’s footsteps faded away as the truck started back up and drove away, the sound of the engine getting quieter until it was gone.
“Well, my little brother made me make it. I mostly did it to appease him because he thinks I’m lonely or something.” Dean said. “I didn’t think anything would come of it. I had a few messages from people who liked my car but the one thing I had put in my interests was Vonnegut. And there was Cas, actually asking my opinion about a book. That’s something that most people don’t talk to me about.”
It was unfortunately picked up by all of the major news outlets across Casterbury who were beating the story to death. They kept the public enthralled by dangling the potential of the scandalous possibility that the coronation might be cancelled. That King Dean could be exiled if Marvin Voce was successful in taking the throne.
Ellen seemed really nice but definitely no-nonsense. She and Dean chatted, mostly about whether he had any experience doing anything besides hunting. She didn’t seem too impressed with his pool hustling resume and made sure to tell him that she didn’t want him pulling any of that while on the job.
“Oh, is that what the research said?” Dean said, teasing. Cas didn’t seem to catch on to Dean’s teasing tone and continued with his speech.
They spent the remainder of the evening talking about much less sensitive topics. Dean talked about how he wanted to get back behind the bar and Cas suggested that maybe until he is allowed out front, he could perhaps ask Ellen about helping with some of the food orders. It wasn’t much, there weren’t many of them, but it would keep Dean from being cooped up in his room all day until John decided to skip town for good.
“Your highness.” Crowley said, bowing his head slightly. Bobby and Cas unfroze at that moment and quickly bowed as well. Not as grand as the servants in the hallway had been but that actually made Dean relax a little.
“Dr. Carmichael, nice to meet you.” Ellen greeted. Dean and the doctor exchanged pleasantries as well.
The hospital looked like every other hospital Dean had seen in his life. Except this one time they weren’t rushing in with hard to explain injuries and already halfway planning how they were going to sneak out the window once the nurse was done with the stitches.
Crowley picked up the first folder on the file and leafed through the contents with disinterest. He put on his most convincing smile and told Marv that he would absolutely put it on the next Council agenda and would get back to him as soon as possible.
Honestly when Cas thought about it, it wasn’t all that bad. It was like dating anyone with a job. He didn’t expect to see Dean every second of every day but he still got to see him with every meal and they were left alone in the evenings. What Cas couldn’t take was the boredom. He wondered how long it would take until he was allowed back at work.
As Cas pulled back from the kiss Dean was happy to see that the world hadn’t ended. He smiled at Cas who was smiling back at him with his face bright red. They both stood there like idiots for a few moments before Dean spoke again.
“So what makes that guy so special?” Dean asked, as he cleaned a glass. Jo paused from where she was bussing one of the tables.
“Yeah, they did. A few hours ago.” Dean said, looking briefly out the window at the moonlit clouds before pulling the shade on the window.
“Boy, you need to stop messing around. If Crowley were to find out that Cas was here AND that you got engaged without permission from the palace…well I highly doubt your grandfather would be very happy.”
Cas seemed to shake out of his trance and looked down at Dean. He adopted a small smile and shook his here.
He was about five miles or so down the road when he started seeing some lightning cross the sky. He felt the warm spring air coming in through his open window and didn’t remember seeing that it was supposed to rain. And it wasn’t nearly hot enough for heat lightning. But still the dark sky kept lighting up with electric streaks running across it. He slowed the car to a stop, luckily he had reached a stretch of open road outside the main part of town. He tapped his fingers on the steering wheel and leaned forward as much as his stomach would let him to peer up at the sky, wondering if he should turn back.
“So basically we have no information.” Cas said, cupping his hands around the mug of coffee sitting in front of him.
Dean went back to his book as Cas hmmm’d at the information. He felt Cas’s eyes on him again and slowly looked up from his book once more.
Bobby’s voice softened, “Will you look at me?” Dean breathed in and out. And then once more. And finally looked up at Bobby, his chewed up fingernails digging into his thighs.
“Yes, everything’s fine. I just…It’s…” Cas floundered for a moment, before leaning forward and pressing his lips to Deans.
Despite his unconventional start in life he managed to work his way up through the ranks in public school before dropping out and taking an apprenticeship with the local municipal court in his town that needed an errand boy. He quickly learned the intricacies of small town government and a local representative, seeing potential in Crowley, encouraged him to secure his diploma and he would finance his way through business school.
Dean knew that he would have to tell him eventually. But for now he just wanted to have some time to enjoy everything as it was.
“Well, typically at this point, we would call Dean and tell him that we are with you and that we want to bring the two of you together.” Kevin said.
“Yeah well, anything for Bobby.” Said the doctor, smiling. “If you can I’d like to see you again in a few weeks. Maybe 3 or so? If not, try to see another doctor at least. I can send your paperwork to Bobby if you need to go to someone else.”
“Bobby has a friend. Well, more like an acquaintance who may be able to help us out.” Ellen said. Dean raised his eyebrows and looked at Bobby.
That came out a lot harsher than Dean had intended. Cas’s eyes widened a little at the tone as he glanced back at Dean’s bump once more. His face reddened.
Ok so I'm not promising to update this every week, but I was able to crank out another chapter so I figured I would post another one. (I'm up to chapter 13) I think I'll stick with as long as I get a new chapter written, I can back post a new chapter.
“Hey” Sam stopped in his trek to the door. “I’m glad you know now. It’s actually kind of nice to not have to hide it around everyone.”
“Oh…yeah that’s…” Dean floundered. He had spent the afternoon shining up the Impala for a night out on the town. He grimaced looking over at the little Prius.
The silver lining was that Gabe had his camera running the whole time. He channeled his disappointment and anger into editing all of his footage down into a documentary that he called ‘Trickster.’ It aired at a local film festival and eventually caught the eyes of some major TV producers. They came knocking at his door, pitching the idea of a TV show where he would help people find out who they are talking to online. Gabe agreed on one condition; That Kevin be offered a part in the show as well. Gabe and Kevin had reached an understanding and a sort of weird friendship while filming. Gabe was happy that Kevin accepted and now, two seasons under their belt, they were ready to start season 3. Which apparently would feature tractors.
“Well you guys, I’m glad it all worked out and Dean wasn’t a Trickster. And we’re really excited for you guys!” Gabe said. Dean and Cas thanked him and they ended the call.
Of course John wasn’t exactly a commoner. He grew up in a manor with a few servants and inherited his Earldom from his father. But still, the Winchesters weren’t often brought to court. It’s quite a coincidence that John and Mary even had opportunity to meet. But, as fate would have it, they both happened to be attending the same charity function (They would argue in later years whether it was a benefit for orphans or a school) and you could say they were both struck with Cupid’s arrow.
“Yes, I remember you mentioning that you were working on the porch last year, it turned out lovely.” There was a bit of a silence before Cas spoke up again.
Dean leaned back in surprise but when Cas followed him, pressing his lips insistently, he relaxed into the kiss, forgetting how distracted his date had been. They continued to make out for a few moments before Dean opened his eyes and saw Cas’s eyes open as well, glancing once again over at the bar. Dean pulled away.
“Well, have a seat and we’ll talk about the whole thing, ok?” Gabe asked. Cas sighed but took a seat next to Meg.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“He’s hiding in his room. I’ll go get him.” Meg disappeared. Gabe shrugged and smiled into the camera that Kevin was pointing at his face. Kevin jokingly zoomed the camera in and out while Gabe made funny faces for a minute until Meg came out with Cas.
Dean gave a little smirk before he stood and rounded the table. Cas scooted over to make more room as Dean settled in. He set his beer on the table and paused before raising one of his arms to lay across the back of the booth, caging in Cas.
It felt nice. To have someone else’s hand in his. If he’s being honest, when was the last time someone held his hand? If he was leaving the bar with someone he typically had an arm wrapped around them. There was Robin when he was sixteen…he was pretty sure they held hands at some point. But before that it was only….Sammy. Helping Sam cross the street or walking from the diner to the car, to make sure his kid brother didn’t wander away. That had ended years ago though. Dean decided to let himself have this one moment and he squeezed Cas’s hand back.
“Sort of. We try to help out people who are in online relationships and are having difficulties meeting up with their significant others.” Gabe replied. There was a silence on the line. Then there was some shuffling and the voice came back, a little quieter.
“I will. You take care of yourself, Winchester.” Ellen said. John didn’t answer verbally but Dean heard him walking away and then the door opening and closing. Dean sat under the bar just breathing for a few moments before Ellen came into view, crouching next to his hiding spot.
“We are going to get through this plane ride and after that we will take it one step at a time starting with getting you to the palace.” Cas said, his fingers continuing to comb through Dean’s hair. Dean reached up and grabbed one of his hands.
The next few weeks were spent in what passed as domestic bliss for Dean. He would get up and putter around the house for a bit before Bobby found something for him to work on for the day. Whether it was working on a car in the lot or looking up lore for some hunter that had called asking for help. He would offer to man the phones but he was worried that John might call and recognize his voice. But Bobby didn’t seem to mind if Dean had one thing he didn’t want to do. He never seemed to find the right moment to tell Bobby the truth about why he was there and Bobby made it easy by never asking. So Dean made it to his third month without uttering a word.
“Hey, how about you text me when you get home so I know you didn’t get murdered by mysterious phone lady.”
“Well, you know how it is” Ellen answered, “Serving up a bunch of rowdy hunters with glorified war stories that they think are gonna impress me. I’m living the dream.”
Sorry for the long wait! I've been crazy busy with work the last few months and that paired with some writers block has caused a bit of a delay. I've still got some work to do but I am still a few chapters ahead writing wise so I figured I would give you guys a chapter! Enjoy!
“I don’t want to date a ‘pregnant dude’” Cas said using air quotes (which Dean has expressly advised him against several times previously). “I just…want to date you.”
David had begun discussions with a young countess and it was looking promising that they were heading towards marriage when Dean turned 24. He had finished his schooling about a year prior and was fulfilling his duties as an Earl. Unfortunately, nobody could predict the tragedy that would befall King Samuel and Prince David.
“Sir, I understand this time is difficult.” Crowley said, “I’m sure Mr. Novak will return when he is ready.”
“Well prying giant little brothers really should keep their mouths shut.” Dean grumbled but then sighed, “But he’s not wrong. Cas I miss you. I’m sorry I messed up and I know me being King won’t change…or actually it might who knows at this point…But I need you. Ok? I need you here with me and if you can’t do that then well, I can’t say I blame you. But I have been working with the Council and trying to figure out a way that you can be here and still feel like you’re worth something more than just a person on my arm. Because you are, you’re so much more than that and I never want you to feel like you’re any less than me or anybody else. I can’t make you promises that it will always be perfect but it will always be us. You know, if you wanted to stay.” Dean tapered off at the end, all too aware of his babbling.
“So I got a text from Dean this morning. He sent his address and we can head on over as soon as you’re ready.”
That’s what Dean was afraid of. He blew out a breath and readied himself to tell the whole story. About that night all those months ago, telling John, all of the buses, coming to Bobby’s, and all of the secrets and hiding in between. Unfortunately, most of the story got lost in transit from his brain to his mouth and all that managed to make it out was “I’m pregnant.”
“…How can you watch the most…manly…macho movie and immediately think the two main characters are gay?” Dean asked, shaking his head in confusion.
“He just….there’s no way he can’t be who he says he is.” Cas replied. “I will admit that I am not the most social person and I don’t always interact well with people. But with Dean, somehow everything just clicks. He gets my sense of humor in a way that only Meg usually does and he doesn’t seem to care that I’m a little…odd”
“Will you stop fidgeting, boy?” He asked, not harshly. Dean stopped. “I don’t know what you think is going to happen right now, but I ain’t your daddy, got that?” Dean nodded.
Dean found himself sitting in his office reviewing minutes from the last Council meeting for the third time when Bela entered the room.
So he sighed and sat up, resigning himself to leaving the room. Although he promised himself that he could come back straight after to enjoy the wonders of a few more hours of sleep. He climbed out of the bed and stepped back into his pants. He had his sweatshirt pulled over his head and was in the process of stuffing his arms into the sleeves before he paused. He probably didn’t even need the sweatshirt anymore. Hell, everyone would be finding out eventually so may as well get it over with and just ditch the baggy clothes. It was just as well. It was starting to get closer to spring and the weather was starting to warm up. Only a little though, they did live in South Dakota after all.
“Dean, there are people who gather along the sides of the roads just to catch a glimpse of your sweet face. It would be nice if there were a smile on it for them.” She had said, rubbing a knuckle into his cheek. He squirmed away from her and rolled his eyes but he couldn’t fight a small smile.
“Do you have somewhere you want to meet? We can meet you anywhere you want. You are in Lawrence, right?” Gabe asked.
“Bobby, it’s Dean. Listen, is my dad there?” Dean asked. There was a pause, and Dean could tell that Bobby was floundering for something to say.
“I did not see anything.” Will answered. Dean turned back just in time for Will to push him forcefully back down. Dean’s head cracked painfully against the door as he was hunched awkwardly between the door and the seat itself.
Ellen paused for a moment before reaching down behind her desk. Dean heard the sound of a drawer opening and she plunked a bottle of gin on the table. She took her coffee mug and dumped the small amount remaining into the trash before pouring a small amount of the gin. She took a quick sip before leaning forward in her chair and resting her elbows on the desk.
“Yeah, and he works so much to pay for his brother to go to college. He’ll be graduating high school this year and then he will be going to Stanford.” Cas said, smiling slightly. Meg put her hand on his shoulder.
Will reeled back but did not cry out in pain. It seemed that he was more surprised by the attack than hurt. He ripped the shoe from Dean’s hand and began beating the holy hell out of him. Every time Will’s fist landed on Dean he tried to swing one back. Even incapacitated, Dean’s swings were strong and true, but it was like hitting a statue. Dean felt a finger break on one particular hit and after a few more, resorted back to pushing and trying to squirm away.
He mostly just stopped wearing a belt once his baby bump became more prominent. But today had to be the day, didn’t it? Bobby decided that today of all days he had a problem with Dean wearing sweatpants.
“You mean like, grab a burger?” Dean asked. “We do that here all the time, you don’t have to wait for your paycheck.”
“I’m gonna finish my beer so you have until I’m done that.” It wasn’t saying much. There was less than a third of a bottle left. Cas sighed.
“So, basically, we haven’t found anything about this guy anywhere else on the internet. Which isn’t necessarily a bad thing.” Gabe said. “It means that he could be telling the truth. But we do still think it’s odd that there is a 22 year old man who has absolutely no online presence aside from a dating profile.”
“Dean, I am the one who barged into your life with a camera crew.” Cas said with a smile. “The least I can do is meet your family.”
Dean tugged a little at his shirt, wishing that he had decided to wear his sweatshirt after all. Not that Bobby didn’t know, he had to know by now. He just felt weirdly exposed with his belly just jutting out there where anyone could see and judge.
“But you think he’d mention that he is the parent to his half-brother. That’s pretty important information to make public if you’re looking to date someone.” Kevin fought back. “I mean, maybe he made it up. He only mentioned the one brother and then as soon as Cas is going to go visit all of a sudden his dad and step mom are dead and he has a half-brother he never mentioned?”
The next day Sam had tagged along with Dean to visit Cas at the library. He was manning the check-out desk while the Assistant Librarian was taking her break. Dean mostly hung out and flirted with Cas while Sam disappeared in the stacks and reappeared with a few books on carrier pregnancies. He would occasionally point something out to Dean when Cas had to assist a guest. Cas found Sam’s discovery very interesting and the two of them enjoyed a lively discussion about the merits of hospital birth versus home birth. Dean had shut them both down by claiming that he was barely halfway through his pregnancy and wasn’t quite ready to think about the birth portion. Sam had then jokingly looked up the chapter on mood swings which earned him a smack on the back of the head as the three of them chuckled quietly (They were in the library after all). They hung out until Cas’s shift was over and then they all headed back to the Roadhouse to meet Bobby and Ellen who had made burgers for everyone.
As it would turn out, the second half of the aisle was baby necessities. He felt a pit drop to the bottom of his stomach.
“Bobby? Bobby Singer is my boss. He’s also a really close family friend. Why? How did his name come up?” Dean asked.
“Yeah, sure.” Dean said, before suddenly remembering the slumbering teen in his bed. “Actually, I’m not sure. My brother is actually here right now and I’m not sure how long he’ll be here.”
“Uh yeah, definitely.” Dean smiled “Can’t have a movie night without the popcorn. Is there going to be licorice?”
“You know….back in the day you hit up the drive in, grab some popcorn, licorice, a couple of sodas as big as your head. Then you ditch all the snacks and hop in the backseat and uh...” Dean raised his eyebrows suggestively and waved his hand in a ‘you get my gist’ gesture. Cas nodded his head and Dean decided not to call him out on obviously not getting the gist. He was such a weird little dude.
His choices had been whittled down to two. He could either go with his father in the morning and terminate the pregnancy or he could leave. Neither choice seemed appealing to him but he knew it was one or the other. And he had to act fast if he was going to leave. He rolled over in bed and looked at his sleeping brother. Could he really leave Sam? As much as it pained John to hear it, Dean had been speaking the truth. Dean was brother, father, and mother to Sam on most days and he couldn’t imagine how hard it would be to abandon him. But could he really abandon the child growing inside him? That hardly seemed fair.
Dean agreed and within a few minutes was back in the exam room and sitting on the lab table. David did some basic tests; checking Dean’s blood pressure, checking his ear canals, making Dean say ‘Ahhh.’
It was about half an hour later when they pulled into the diner parking lot. Dean had thrown a flannel and jacket over his tshirt, and changed from sweats into a pair of jeans. Cas had his hat back on and had put on one on Dean’s old shirts under his sweater (“Cas I’m not watching you shiver when I have perfectly good clothes right here”). They were far from properly dressed for the December cold which was only made worse by the wind that constantly plagued the city. Luckily for them both, the heat in Dean’s car worked perfectly.
Dean felt his body tense, adrenaline shooting through it at the instinctual knowledge that he was prey, and that the predator was about to strike. “Go go run!” hey yelled, pushing Robbie in front of him as they both broke out into a sprint. “Cas get them out of these woods!”
His trance broke when his stomach rumbled. Cas groaned. Balthazar was right about his early studying, and between long shifts and longer nights he’d had no time to go grocery shopping. As he moved away from the bookstore, he did a mental check of what he had left in his apartment. Some oatmeal, a few granola bars, maybe a bowl of cereal? His stomach grumbled again as he passed King’s next to the bookstore. He could practically smell the cheesesteak from the street.
A monotone “Dean” was all Cas’s reply, never looking up from the map in front of him. Dean threw the rest of the supplies into his duffel and shut the trunk, walking around front to look at Cas’s map.
“No” Dean said. “What’s the most you can take?” His head was spinning with thoughts. No useful ones of course. They were all focused on the one goal he normally kept buried in the back of his mind: seeing Cas again.
“Welcome back to the land of the living my friend.” Dean snapped his head over to where the djinn was lounging on the motel couch.
“By the time I got here they had already left. I was actually surprised to see that you didn’t go with them.”
“First period is just gym. You can only run so many laps around the school parking lot before you start to question if there’s something better you could be doing.”
“Yea” was all Cas replied. Dean walked in holding a glass of water and cupping his hand the way you do when you’re holding pills.
“Great, put these on,” Dean tossed the fabric in his hand over, which turned out to be a pair of sweatpants. “They should fit, but if they don’t I can figure something else out.”
“Then you should know that opening that door back up and letting me in is you best chance of survival” Dean growled. The man’s eyes flickered to his peripheral, trying to glance at Dean, before he pushed the door open into the motel room. The second the door was open, Dean shoved hard, locking the door behind him. “Alright rusty, we can do this the easy way or the hard” he directed to the djinn in front of him.
“Oh I found this place first semester freshman year. I moved out here from Kansas for college, and this place was, I don’t know actually, I guess it just reminded me of home?” He looked down and smiled. “You know,” Dean continued, “I actually stumbled in here one morning, even earlier then we’re in here now. I had gotten trashed at some West philly party and woke up on a park bench a few blocks away. Walked in here to wait until the buses started running, and the rest is history you know?”
“You mean you’d rather end up wherever those other five missing people ended up! I told you this was a bad idea.” Now the scrawny guy jumped in even as the third boy sat unbothered.
“No,” the Sheriff responded, “we’re not letting any volunteers into the woods, too dangerous. But that means we only have our handful of rangers to search.”
He sat across from Cas who had resumed his analyzation of the situation. “Dean are you sure you’re alright? Something seems off.” Dean only smirked at Cas’s eyes creased with a tinge of worry.
“Hey man! Sorry for your wait.” A guy hurried towards the counter from where he had been leaning over the back tables. He carried a stack of trays which he dropped behind the counter as he squeezed through the gap at the end. “What can I get ya?”
Dean jus scoffed, grinned, and shook his head. “Man, you just never stop surprising me.” He glanced over at Cas. “So, I’ll see you around right?”
“To help Eileen with a nest in Kansas City… did you not talk to them before they left?” Cas narrowed his eyes slightly as he spoke.
It was at that moment that Krissy returned with two steaming cups of coffee and a whole handful of those single-use creamer things. Dean instantly grabbed a creamer cup, pulling the plastic off the top and about to pour it in before he noticed Cas starting to pick up his coffee.
“So, how much do I owe you?” Cas asked, pulling out his wallet as Dean moved around behind the counter.
There were band posters up onto the walls, a desk back against the wall opposite to the butterfly chair. The bed sat in the middle of the room; roof slanted slightly closer to the headboard than the base. The butterfly chair and end table were the only furniture on the other side of the bed. Outside of them, there were some crates of what looked like music or books or magazines, a guitar case, and some miscellaneous clothes and blankets.
It’s a Thursday afternoon, and Dean is sitting at the bar outside of Lebanon for the third time that week. Last month, he would have had ten unread messages from Sam lighting up his phone. But right now Sammy isn’t even in Kansas, he’s down in Texas on a rugaru case that Dean would normally be on. Sam didn’t even invite Dean on this one though. Turns out that a month and a half of “no” is enough to make a guy take a hint. Dean figures he should care that Sam is running solo, but he decides that if anyone ought to worry, it’s the rugaru who has a Winchester on its tail.
“Are you two just gonna stare at each other or can I take your order?” Krissy butted in. Cas’s blush made a quick comeback, as Dean diverted his eyes back up to hers.
“So, wanna get some breakfast?” Dean asked. “I know this one place that has a great hangover remedy.”
“Dean Winchester, you have a lot of nerve showing up here after so long and not saying hello to me.” She complained as she moved around the counter to give Dean a hug, which he was more or less forced into.
“Alright Missouri ok let the poor kid go,” Dean said. “I’ll see ya Krissy, run an extra gym lap for me will ya? Come on Cas lets get outta here.”
Dean let the quiet wash over them, not knowing if he should respond. He opted to shove another bite of his sandwich in his mouth instead as he sat next to the thousands of years old angel he considered his best friend.
He felt his eyes roll up and close a bit, overwhelmed by the first fresh meal he’d had in days. “That good huh?” Dean asked, chuckling at Cas’s reaction. Cas just nodded around the mouthful of food that was still in his mouth. Dean smirked again, before turning away to clean up the grill.
Cas looked back at Dean, who was quite frankly looking more shocked than Cas would’ve expected. “Yea, it’s fine. It’s right there on the fire escape.”
“Yea, we lost two doubles and a single camper over the past two days.” The sheriff looked up to the wall where a bulletin board was covered in photos. There were photos of the missing campers, three girls and two guys all about college age. From behind him, Cas moved up to the board where transcripts of the missing persons reports were tagged next to images taken of the empty campsites.
“Even if I wanted to help, I ain’t got the juice to do it” he replied as he leaned back onto his arms. “Our powers are fueled by energy, energy we get from blood like what’s pumping in those pretty veins of yours,” as he motioned with his head towards Dean. “Now see me? I’m off that little pesk of a drug right now, and so that ‘juice’ you want just ain’t gonna show.”
“Just two coffees and ugh,” he glanced over at Cas, “you’re not allergic to any breakfast foods right?”
Dean woke up to the sound of auto-reverse flipping a tape to its B side. He groggily began to open his eyes even as the hum of the Impala’s engine tried to put him back to sleep. The first thing he noticed was the darkness outside. The second was how slow the Impala was moving. He groaned as he pulled his face away from where it was plastered to the window, looking over at Cas just as he glanced over at Dean.
Cas just sat in silence for a moment, digesting what he had just heard. “I’m sorry about your dad.” Suddenly Dean’s “kinda hot mess” of a semester made a little more sense. “And I’m sorry you won’t get to see your family.”
“So you’re still rocking to that mixtape?” Dean commented. He’d made that tape along with most of the others in the Impala. Cas’s was the only one who’s B side started with
“Oh honey,” she said, pulling Castiel into a similar hug as she had Dean. “Any friend of Dean is friend of ours. No need to be so formal here.” Cas smiled in return.
“I don’t know Meg, I really should focus on studying.” Balthazar rolled his eyes before Castiel had even finished.
It took Dean all of two hours to find the piece of shit parked in another motel lot on the north side of Tulsa, OK. He narrowed his eyes at the cam footage, time stamp reading 11:31. The clock in the bunker read 2 PM. Dean shook his head and shut the laptop. He wasn’t going to be that stupid.
After taking a moment to compose himself, Cas turned his head towards the chair where Dean had apparently slept all night. His head was leaned awkwardly against the back of the chair, back bent in nearly half as he sat in the deepest corner of the chair with his legs thrown across the arm above him. It looked incredibly uncomfortable. The morning sun was illuminating Dean from the window on that side of the room, making the blond of his hair even more noticeable. Dean’s face was just barely visible from beneath the blankets, but Cas could see a spattering of freckles across his nose in the bright morning sun.
Cas watched the conversation with interest, noting how Dean moved his eyes up to think, before shifting them down to meet Cas’s across the table. His eyes crinkled in the corners, before he shrugged to Cas. Cas heard Krissy scoff off to his side, but at the moment he was still caught at the laughter that was shining in Dean’s eyes.
“Well, that’s my cue.” Cas said, finally opening the door and getting out of the car. He turned back as he shut the door. “See you around Dean.”
“Dean, I appreciate the effort, but I’m sure we could’ve found greasy diner food closer to the university.” Dean just shook his head.
“Yea Cas, you are. Now come on, put on the sweatpants and go to sleep.” And Cas did. He noticed Dean occupy himself with something when Cas changed, and Cas dropped his sweater and jeans onto the floor before collapsing into his back and letting sleep wash over him.
“Ok sunshine, you got a name? Oh and you can’t forget your fun fact!” Dean nudged, slipping back into his impersonation for the second sentence.
He heard the butterfly chair creak and the blanket hit the floor as Dean moved out of the chair (Cas wasn’t looking, but from sound alone it sounded oddly like Dean had nearly fallen out of the chair trying to get out of his tangled position). Cas turned his head slightly out of the pillow, watching Dean fold the gray blanket and put it over the back of the chair. Dean turned his head, making eye contact with Castiel for the first time that morning. His green eyes sparked gold in the direct sunlight, and he smirked over at Cas.
Dean glanced back at Cas before moving his attention back to the drawer. “I said you weren’t walking home. Damn good thing too. You wouldn’t have made it a block before you collapsed and it would have really ruined my day if I found you dead in the street from frostbite tomorrow morning.” Dean pulled something black out of the drawer before sliding it shut. “As for where, this is my room.”
“You get a pint, and you stay here until I wake up” Dean countered. “Not that it matters if you try to run, but it would make it a hell a lot easier if I didn’t have to track you across state lines when I wake up.” The man’s cocky exterior wavered, he knew that Dean Winchester was not a man you wanted on your tail.
“So the direction that the rising smoke is in.” Dean looked at Cas, following his line of sight to the southwest, where true enough, a narrow line of smoke was rising through the trees.
“Oh well it’s your lucky day, we’re all out of oatmeal. Sit down at the bar there, I’ll get you set up with something.” Cas hopped up onto the barstool, dropping his backpack onto the chair next to him. The worker turned around and started dropping things onto the grill.
“Ok, wiz, American, or Provolone? And do you want with or without?” Cas’s eyes must have widened slightly. Even after living in Philadelphia for a full semester, he still had no idea what these people were saying half the time.
“Cas are you trying to tell me that the stars are just a cosmic nightlight?” Dean mumbled around another bite.
He took a deep breath in, and his previous problems flew out of his mind. His pillowcase definitely didn’t smell like this. Pushing himself up slightly off the pillow, Cas took in the room around him. Slanted ceilings told him that he was on the top floor of someone’s rowhome. The windows were small against the walls, and the thin quilt he had kicked to the ground was a dark, faded army green. He began to panic, trying to think back to the events of the pervious night, when his eyes fell into the far corner of the room.
He sped forward through the footage, until at 04:14 Kari finally walked out the door. He headed for a shitty dodge car in the parking lot, one that was rusted out along the front bumper and had faded patches of paint.
“These where the campers go missing from?” dean pointed at a couple of markers around the Twin Lakes.
They were 4 hours from of Lawrence. Dean had woken with a start, yelling at Kari to send him back in. Kari quite snidely, responded that there were easier ways to die than “bringing a fucking Winchester down on my head for bleeding his brother dry in a motel room.” So here they were, forcing Dean to take a blood break as his body began to replenish what he’d given up. Dean had agreed to break only as long as it took to get back to Lawrence. Kari claimed he had a ‘spot’ they could crash, seeing as Dean wasn’t dumb enough to do it at the bunker.
Cas and the students broke out onto the road, free from the danger of the trees above. Robbie and Dean were close behind, Robbie a few steps ahead from that push earlier. Cas looked back to Dean and Robbie, and then his grey eyes went wide.
She turned to Cas, “and honey you’re more than welcome anytime too you just stop by, you’re far to scrawny.” Missouri glanced at him up and down as Dean softly snickered behind him.
“Time equals blood Dean-o, can only give one once I got the other.” Kari looked him up and down. “I can double last time.”
Cas felt himself walk shakily up some stairs. Well, walk was a strong word. “Being dragged up some stairs” was probably more accurate. At this point, Cas was mentally cursing Meg and Balthazar for being idiots and having a higher tolerance than him, which is just plain rude. They were gonna love this story of Cas almost ending up on his ass on the floor of a house party.
Dean moved his hand to rub the back of his neck. “Well damn man, glad I could be of help then I guess.” Cas looked at him once more, before returning his gaze to the front windshield.
“Hi to you too Krissy.” Dean said, looking up at the girl who wouldn’t have been more than sixteen. “You know, I don’t know what you would do without me,” he continued dramatically. “I mean who else is going to drive halfway across the city to pick you up from some north philly frat party – “ He was cut off by Krissy whacking him on the arm with her waitressing notepad.
He wasn’t. He swears. Until he found himself back in the kitchen with a beer in his hand, staring at that stupid table. “Son of a bitch” Dean muttered under his breath. A quick look at his phone confirmed that he had zero new messages. Nothing ground-shattering going on.
“Alright works for me but if we’re going we’d better leave now, Michigan sure as hell ain’t close, even with my driving.” Dean looked at Cas as they both stayed firmly seated at the table. It took a moment for Dean to realize that they were waiting for him to get ready, seeing as Cas didn’t exactly need to pack a bag. It was at that same moment that Dean realized he didn’t want to get up from the table. He looked down at the remains of his coffee. He’d forgotten how nice it was to do something as simple as sitting and having coffee with Cas. He found that part of him was scared to move, that if he got up now, that reality would set back in, and Dean would be sitting at an empty table.
“You’d better be busy with school young man, you’re too smart to be wasting any of your potential” she said, patting Dean on his arm as she released him from the hug. She looked over at Cas, “and who is this handsome young man you’ve brought with you?”
And that is how he, Dean Winchester, certified fucking idiot, found himself parked in the corner of a north Tulsa motel parking lot a short four and a half hours later. He really should get an award for his driving.
“Come on man, let’s get you somewhere where you’re not gonna crack your head open when you fall flat on your face.”
“The one you gave me.” Cas replied in his usual indiscernible tone. It’s lucky that the roads were long cleared of rush hour, or else Dean would’ve caused an accident with how his hands jerked to the right, following the more aggressive swing of his head towards Cas. It wasn't until the first verse had started that Dean realized he had been staring. He turned back to the road, choosing to alternate his attention between the highway and Cas as he shot glances at both.
Of course that had been his original plan. Go see him, say what he needed to say. And maybe find some of the peace or closure or whatever the fuck had Sammy and Jack up and going these days. But seeing Cas, an alive Cas and not a corpse or a nightmare, had thrown that thought right out the window. He hadn’t even thought about saying goodbye, he only had thought about how long he was going to be able to stay. Normally he’d be kicking himself. But right now, Dean realized that he felt the best he had in a long time. He wouldn’t go so far as to call it happy, but at least it wasn’t the suffocating misery he was used to. With that in mind, he let himself drift off, hoping that maybe tonight, he’d dream of his new memories instead of his old nightmares.
Narrowing his gaze, Dean glanced at the couch on the farside of the room. He hated it, but the stupid Djinn was right. He could feel the desperation rising the longer he looked at the faded tattoos on Kari’s arm. “What do I have to do for more time?” Dean finally said, glare turning to point at Kari, who smirked.
The djinn practically rolled his eyes as he headed for the door. “Oh yes you’re so welcome for not bleeding you dry like any rational creature, glad to be of assistance to the man that’ll probably kill me one day.” He rolled his eyes as he glanced back at Dean. He was halfway out the door before he paused. Not turning around, the djinn spoke back to Dean. “By the way, name’s Kari. If your gonna hunt me down might as well know it, because if I hear you call me rusty one more time I swear I’ll stab myself and save you the trouble.”
It only took a second of eye-contact for Dean to barge to the front of the group next to Cas. Meeting his alarmed stare, Dean tucked his knife away and took Cas’s hand.
Dean drove on the empty road, the summer sun rising to his right as the majority of the city continued to sleep. Dean glanced at his phone. Still no messages. He had no idea when Sam would be back, but Dean figured that the farther away the better for what he was up to.
“Ibuprofen works.” Cas replied, and Dean closed the distance from the door to the bed, handing the water over and dropping two pink pills in Castiel’s hand. Cas knocked back both and finished the water for good measure. He tried to ignore the pleased look on Dean’s face. He instead moved to put the empty glass on Dean’s nightstand.
“Dean, Dean, you can lie to yourself all you want about why you’re here, and you can keep clutching that pretty silver knife like it’ll change the 6 hours you just drove to follow me here.” Kari finally looked up as he pulled the IV cord out of his bag. “You can lie to just about anyone Dean. But you can’t lie to me. I’ve seen all of desperation’s faces and forms over the years, and kid, you got it bad.” Dean didn’t even respond. He just glared. Kari only sighed.
Dean pushed his glass forward. “Thanks Jamie,” he acknowledged as she poured more whiskey over the ice that hadn’t yet melted from his last refill. Dean turned his attention back to his glass, tuning out the handful of people in the bar with the sight of dark liquor and the background sound of a Lynyrd Skynyrd song. That was another part of him and Jamie’s routine. On the good days they made some small talk, and one day wandered into the realm of music. Ever since then, Dean always walked into the bar to the sound of the local classic rock radio station playing over the bar speakers. Today was not one of those good days though.
Dean doesn’t know what happened when Cas was taken into the Empty. All he knows is that for once, no deal or spell or messed up bargain can get him back out. Dean would know, because he tried it all back in week one, before the hunting spree and the concrete walls and the drinking. And son of a bitch, what’s the point of saving the world over and over again if you can’t even get one stupid favor out of it.
“Whatever just forget that I-“ Cas cut him off by pushing his coffee across the table. Dean quickly shut up, looking between Cas and the coffee now in front of him a few times before staring distrustfully at the coffee. After a few seconds, he picked up the mug and took a hilariously small sip of coffee.
“You might as well go back to sleep, we’re still an hour and a half out from Baraga.” Cas said as he returned his attention to the road like the responsible driver he was.
Forcing himself back to the whiskey in front of him, Dean glanced up at the bar mirror. He put great effort into ignoring how much he looked like shit. His eyes had deep bags under them, no doubt a result of the restless 3 hours of sleep he tended to get. His face was even starting to show changes, slightly hollowed from the lack of food and creased from the frown that he consistently held there. He was happy to turn his attention away from himself as he glanced at the other patrons at the bar. There were only three others; Chris and Jake were weekday regulars content with watching baseball reruns on the TV, and Jamie’s roommate Missy was seated at a high table, skimming paper as she waited for Jamie to get off at 4.
It was an odd mix of patchy and put together. Everything on the wall was taped up by something ranging from scotch tape to, was that duct tape with pink smiley faces on it? The same smiley face duct tape held a calendar above the desk, important information scribbled in miscellaneous writing. “Last day class” was written in red pen on December 16, yesterday’s date. All of next week had “FINALS” written across it in bright green highlighter. Christmas, which was only two Saturdays from now, was circled in pencil. The crates of records and books were bright orange Wawa crates, the kind that would be easiest to get by simply stealing from the dumpsters behind Wawa.
“Hey! Earth to Clarence! Dude are you even paying attention?” Castiel blinked hard before turning to look at Meg at the counter beside him.
“And when’s that happen?” Dean interrupted, deciding that he wasn’t going to start listening to commands now after all these years.
“If you’re going to kill me just get it over with although,” he said as he looked Dean up and down before sitting on the bed, “in all honesty I’m surprised you can even stand after the drinks you downed back at the bar.”
As the smell of iron pierced the air for the second time in 24 hours, Kari looked up at Dean as his tattoos began to spread up his neck. “Just remember, I can’t guarantee the time you’ll get. The magic isn’t a perfect equation. With this much juice, you could feel anything from days to hours.”
Cas mentally stalled for a moment, before deciding to just go for it. “I was going to school in rural Pennsylvania with my family. I needed out, so I applied to every school in the city and took the train here the day I got an acceptance letter.” He paused then, gazing down at his coffee. “I haven’t really heard from any of them since.”
It was almost a full minute before either man was able to start drawing in deep breaths and attempting to calm down. Once Cas finally got some air back into his lungs, he found himself wiping actual tears out of his eyes. He looked up to where Dean was beaming at him. Cas smiled back.
Cas looked at Dean in alarm, dropping his angel blade as the voice changed. “Chole!” it yelled. Chloe stepped backwards tripping on the log she’d been sitting on and landing on the ground.
another hour’ type. Turning his head face down into the pillow, Cas tried to decide between dying from heatstroke and moving and risking throwing up whatever alcohol was left in his system.
“Yea man,” he clapped Cas on the back as he pulled away, “everything’s great.” He smiled at Cas with a dazzle which he was sure only further confused the man. But as Dean turned to get some coffee, he realized that he didn’t give a shit. That damn djinn had actually pulled it off.
Well, party was one word for it. While it wasn’t technically a frat, the number of people crammed into the townhouse’s first floor and basement certainly rivaled one. The music was blaring and the lights were low. Balthazar left almost instantly to socialize with the entire student body. Meg and Cas wandered downstairs where the unfinished basement was packed with people. Meg led him into the middle of the floor where they sang and danced and had a good time. For the first hour.
“Great!” Dean beamed back at Krissy, “and two number 3’s, thanks Krissy.” Even though Krissy rolled her eyes, Cas could’ve sworn he saw the hint of a smile on her lips as she walked back towards the kitchen.
“It’s not safe for you to be out here.” The blonde balked and glanced at the rest of the group. Apparently Cas was more convincing than Dean was. Probably something to do with the “holier than thou” atmosphere he always gave off even though the stick had long been removed from his ass.
“Oh honey no it’s on me today I need to make sure you boys are being fed right, you’re both far too skinny.” Cas directed his eyes towards the floor, remembering his three days straight of oatmeal meals. Judging by Dean’s lack of argument, he was thinking a similar thing. “Now both of you, get on outta here, and don’t be strangers you hear Dean Winchester!”
Dean walked out of the bp and turned down State Ave. The streetlight behind him, his shadow stretched long as he walked towards the Impala parked at the end of the peninsula. It was early fall and even though the air had yet to drop below 40, the breeze blowing off Keweenaw Bay was enough to put a harsh chill in the air. Luckily it was still plenty warm enough for Dean to crash in hotel Impala instead of coughing up the money for a motel. Besides, without Sam around there was no point in paying for a room only one person was gonna sleep in.
“Not you too Josh, come on Miles back me up here!” The other guy, apparently Miles, just threw his hands up in the universal ‘don’t get me involved’ gesture. “Come on guys,” Robbie said, looking between the other three, “you can’t seriously think-”
“Oh believe me darling we’ve all tried. I even snuck into the office to change it myself, but I’m nearly positive that he’s shoved the remote so far up his ass-”
“No way man, Mama’s is the best hangover cure in the city. Believe me, how do you think I found this place.” He winked over at Cas. Cas felt a blush heat his cheeks, and he was saved from needing to find a reply by the young girl who walked up and slide two glasses of water onto the table.
With finals not starting until Monday, the students had a three-day weekend of freedom to split between nursing their hangovers and bending over their textbooks. It was practically an expectation that you complete a little of both at some point.
“You’re always of help.” Cas finally replied. Yea, the tape was definitely worth the hours. The impala sped east as the chorus began.
“It’s 14 hours to Baraga.” Cas relied monotonically as Dean returned his view to the road, hearing rustling as Cas moved around looking for the music.
“Aw come on man, what’s life without a little risk?” Cas might’ve thought to hesitate if he could’ve pulled his thoughts away from how nice a tinge of humor sounded in Dean’s voice. His mind settled to just rolling his eyes.
“Funny rusty, seems like since I’m the one with the knife, I’ll be the one cutting the deals” The man shook his hands slightly, emphasizing the defensive pose he still held.
Dean wandered back to the grill a few minutes later, carrying another stack of trays from the tables. Cas looked up at him as he dropped the trays on top of the stack from earlier.
He watched as he disappeared from the view of the camera as he slammed rusty-Kari his mind corrected, into the door. A glance at the time read 00:48.
Even after he finally stopped chugging water, Dean’s face was still set in a grimace when he linked eyes with Castiel. This of course, only caused Cas to laugh even harder. Dean, after his eyes widened significantly, soon dropped his grimace in favor of a massive smile braking out on his face, followed by his own round of hysterics. And that is how two hungover college students on the edge of finals week found themselves laughing over black coffee on a very early Friday morning in a small diner in west philly.
He woke up groggy, eye’s connecting with the yellow-brown ceiling of his room at the bunker. Shooting out of bed, he glanced around. “Dammit.” He didn’t remember getting back to the bunker, but figured it probably had something to do with Sammy being a fucking helicopter parent. Groaning, he left his room, heading for the smell of coffee wafting from the kitchen. Tuning into the doorway, Dean nearly fell down the couple stairs into the room. There, back turned, was the tan trench coat that had been hanging in Dean’s closet for the past two months. Except now it was filled out across the shoulders of its dark-haired owner.
The holiday music playing throughout the store did nothing to help the situation. Honestly, how many covers of “Santa Baby” did the world need? In Castiel’s opinion the answer was none. The song was sub-par to begin with, and now that he had heard at least ten different covers of it in 5 hours even though he was certain that the song just quite frankly didn’t need to exist at all.
“I still don’t understand how you manage to keep a car this nice while living in West Philadelphia.” Castiel commented as he followed suit, watching Dean lock the doors of the ’67 Chevy Impala.
It was around that point that Castiel decided he would literally rather be anywhere else. He was overheating from the hot air, which smelled like sweat and cheap beer. His vision was increasingly shaky, and he didn’t know if it was the loud music, the low lighting, or whatever Meg had dumped into the Pepsi bottle he had finished. No matter the reason, he was over it.
Dean slipped the ID back into its sleeve before he tossed it over to Cas. He looked about as far from a State Ranger as you could get, but Dean wasn’t about to tell him to change. Every time he saw that trench coat filled out instead of hidden in the back of his closet a thrill shot up Dean’s spine and he wasn’t about to give that up.
Dean shook his head. “No.” He paused before continuing. “My dad died back before freshman year. The only family I’d really want to see is my brother or my Uncle Bobby. Bobby lives in South Dakota and Sam is out at Stanford working on his freshman year of college.” Dean looked up to Cas smirked. “Smartest kid in the family ya know? He’s staying out there to nerd out over extra winter classes, so I won’t see him until the summer. Plus, even if we wanted to get together, plane tickets are too expensive this time of year.”
“Yea it’d better be kid, I ain’t covering for your ass again. Speaking of shouldn’t your ass be at, oh I don’t know, high school right now?” Krissy just rolled her eyes.
Cas scoffed in annoyance, “if you don’t want to listen to it then I will change it Dean, I just had it on while you were asleep.”
“Uh yea I’m sure I did. Probably just had too much to drink last night when they told me.” Dean played off as he tried to figure out all the details he had missed while staring at Cas like an idiot.
“Hey man, throw in a tape or something or else this is gonna be a long 12 hours.” Dean threw a glance over to Cas siting in the passenger seat. “Tapes should be in the glovebox still.”
The Impala was parked beside the lake 20 minutes later. Dean had driven an access road around to the back side, away from the main road and beach area. Cas had a map of the area laid out on the hood. With a red marker he’d snagged from the DNR desk, he was marking the location of the empty campsites. Dean walked around back and popped the trunk.
Kari watched his hand move, clearly feeling bolder than their earlier interaction. “Oh well shucks you know that ain’t the truth now don’t you Dean-o.” He met Dean’s eyes as his hand clasped around the hilt of the knife. “You know as well as I do that you’re here for another hit of that warm and glow-y blue stuff.” He paused for a second as he pulled away from the Impala, positioning himself closer to the passenger front tire as he inched around to the front of the car. “You can’t fool me, I know the magic, and I know damn well when someone’s hooked as hell. I gotta say Dean-o, I’m not a bit surprised to see you.” Dean responded by narrowing his eyes and setting his jaw, even as his hand released his grip on the knife. “Especially after I made it so easy to follow me here, did you like the ride by the way? Picked it up at a scrapyard the other week and am still a bit sentimental towards it.”
“Oh this isn’t about killing you, at least not yet” Dean started, as he moved forward to lean on the tv stand. “I have a proposition to make you.” The man’s quiet encouraged Dean to continue. “You're going to zap me into one of your little dream worlds.”
“Hey it’s ok, I’m ok.” Cas gave a sharp nod and turned to continue forward, hanging onto Dean’s hand like a lifeline as the screams continued.
Dean shot up from when his head had fallen onto the desk. His breathing was heavy as a shot of adrenaline put him on edge.
The worst part is that they were almost at the road when everything went wrong. They had moved away from the stream as they got closer. Running through the underbrush was hard for someone used to it. Robbie wasn’t so lucky, and he fell hard as his foot snagged on a root. Dean let go of Cas’s hand on instinct as he pushed back to get to the kid.
He was on edge. The adrenaline from the fight was just beginning to wear from his mind. A glance in the rearview showed that the djinn was passed out. Dean reached across the front seat, opening the glovebox and fumbling around for a tape. Grabbing nothing in particular, he threw one into the cassette deck. Zeppelin poured out through the speaker as the opening drums of
Robbie promptly shut up. Chloe and Josh both jumped up, and even the previously bored Miles sat up in alarm. Dean pulled the gun out of his jeans and looked over at Cas.
“Look at that, we’re practically besties.” Dean replied as he turned back towards the grill. He turned back and put a cheesesteak and fries on a tray in front of Castiel. “Ok well you’re all set, hopefully it’s better than oatmeal.” Dean said as he pushed the tray towards Cas, who dug straight into the cheesesteak.
Dean had no trouble driving back to the bunker. His alcohol had long worn off, and a bit of head spinning from lost blood wasn’t anything compared to the weeks he’d spent drunk out of his mind. In fact, this was the first time in a month he hadn’t stumbled in drunk. Although he figured his new coping mechanism wasn’t much better.
“Ok well I hope you weren’t set on the advil, I’m too broke for that name brand stuff. I did mange to find you some hopefully not-expired ibuprofen though.” He raised his hands slightly and raised his eyebrows at Cas.
Dean moved his eyes around, thinking, “Well, if you’re still around I’m going to be here too.” He grinned at Cas, “I’m sure we can find something to spark some holiday spirit.”
As Dean, true to his word, dumped three creamers in a row into his own coffee, Cas picked his own mug up. Cradling it in his hands, he was perfectly content to just sit and watch Dean Winchester make a fool of himself and drink disgustingly watered-down coffee.
Cas let out a soft laugh. “Here, I’ll text my phone.” He held out his hand for Dean’s phone, which Dean was quick to fish out of his pocket. “Besides,” Cas said as he typed his number out, “I have to have some way to return this t-shirt you let me borrow.” Dean grinned at him. They probably looked like idiots, just staring at each other and smiling in a car parked in an alley.
Cas waited with Dean at the register up front while Krissy punched in their total. She was about to speak when a woman came walking out of the back kitchen towards the counter.
“About 40, 50 percent blood loss.” Kari looked Dean up and down again. “Most I could get away with is 5 pints,”
He glanced up, reassessing. Probably wouldn’t be a hard fight, if he even decided to spare the energy for it. Or he could just go back to his whiskey and ignore the world like he’d been doing for the past month. He turned his attention back to his drink. On the way he managed to glance once more in the mirror across from him. And that one glance was enough to motivate his self-destructive mind to create the first idea he’d had in weeks. He downed the drink and slapped a $20 on the bar, turning to leave without saying goodbye.
“It means, that there’s a reason the first time I popped up on your radar was in that grimy bar back there.” He rushed as his hands flew open in a defensive pose.
His entire face grimaced, as Dean stuck his whole tongue out of his mouth in disgust. Cas burst out laughing. Dean continued to grimace until he had downed at least half of the water in his glass. At this point Cas had moved his arm to hold his stomach in an effort to stop his hysterics which were doing nothing to help his hangover nausea.
“You know I actually do know how to speak for myself, as much as it seems you’d like to do it for me.” Cas said as he started to pull apart his silverware. He glanced up at Dean, who’s confidence seemed to be faltering for the first time that morning. Taking pity on him, Cas continued; “What did you order me anyways?”
“Bye Clarence!” He heard Meg yell his direction, before she rejoined the singing and dancing around her.
“Alright you know what? I’m not listening to this.” Dean finally said. “We’re getting you four outta here whether you like it or not, so grab the essentials and let’s go.”
Cas dropped his phone back in his pocket as the bottle started to overflow, as he began to try and put the bottle cap back on. A task easier said than done when both your hands and sight was shaking. It was at this moment that someone ran directly into his back, and he dropped both the cap and the bottle into the sink as he was slammed up against it himself. Cas groaned and turned around, expecting some drunk frat boy to be clobbering around behind him.
“Yea here,” Dean passed the hot chocolate to Cas before pulling a hot sandwich and a pecan pie out of the bag, looking out above the dark water as he dug in. He took a bite before speaking, motioning with his sandwich across the sky. “My Dad taught us the basics in case we ever needed them. Like there’s Orion over to the southwest, and then we have the big dipper,” he pointed as he traced the constellation before moving, “and then we can follow the big dipper to the north star, and the little dipper.” He nodded his head, swallowing the food that he’d been mumbling around and looking back towards Cas. Cas didn’t reply at first, his elbows on his knees as both hands held his hot chocolate.
He turned, probably noticing the sound of Dean almost smacking himself off the concrete. “Hello Dean.”
Castiel looked at his watch. It was already quarter after 8. He huffed as he turned towards the busy street. This late in the year, the sun was setting around 5 PM, so the streets of West Philadelphia were bathed in street lights and the haze of light pollution. Cas took a moment to just stare at the street, noticing when a light flurry began to fall as the temperature dropped. He pulled his jacket closer around him. The snow was one of the first of the year. Not enough to stick to the ground, but enough to remind the city that winter was rapidly approaching.
“No, don’t worry about it. I sent Winchester to take care of that ghost since I couldn’t reach you. He should be burning the sucker right now.” Bobby answered. “I left you a message the other day that it was taken care of so why are you calling here?”
The mood was officially gone and Dean and Cas called it a night shortly after. Dean headed home but couldn’t seem to fall asleep. All of these questions about Cas just kept popping up. What had made Ellen agree to let an amnesiac stranger just set up shop at the Roadhouse? Where did he even come from? Was a family going to show up one day and claim him and take him away?
Dean remembers going to see his cousin Gwen crowned as Princess of Campbell. He was 15 and she had just turned 18 so it was time for a formal, though totally pointless, anointing of Gwen as the crown princess of Casterbury and ceremoniously acknowledging her eventual rule as queen. He was with his mother in the car driving all the way to Belmoray and he didn’t understand why he had to be in his suit with all of his pins and fringe on the shoulders. John had stayed behind in Winchester another day, as the ceremony wasn’t actually until tomorrow. Sam sat in the seat next to Dean, but the 11 year old was slumped against the window asleep. Mary sat across from him and she leaned forward slightly to place her hand on his chin.
Dean sighed and sat back in his chair, fidgeting a little from being trapped in the plane. At least it was a short flight. And the fact that they had to take off in the middle of the night while he was still half asleep, being ushered onto the plane seemed to have helped a little as well. He spent less time thinking about how he might die in a plane crash and more time squeezing the life out of Castiel’s hand and thinking “Holy shit, I’m King now.”
“Yeah well we didn’t really tell anyone except you, Bobby, and Dad. Well, and the security guys listening on the line. Hi there security guys.” Dean said jokingly, laughing a little to himself. Cas rolled his eyes and pulled the phone from Dean’s hand.
“Sounds like a plan.” He said, before meeting Cas halfway in another kiss. If Cas’s ex had driven by the door within the next five minutes, neither of them noticed. They were too wrapped up in each other.
“Sam called me. Last week.” Cas said, the conversation shifting quickly. “He told me you’ve been having a rough time.”
“Dean’s afraid of flying” Cas answered. He remembered Dean telling him that when they had discussed meeting up for the first time. Dean nodded in agreement.
“That’s fair.” Dean conceded. He sat up in the chair and opened his mouth to speak. But like so many times before, the words just died in his mouth. He wasn’t even sure where to begin. He felt his insides freeze up until they were as locked up as his tongue seemed to be. This was the end of the road. Everyone would know. Cas wouldn’t need to hear a clever excuse about why they couldn’t go on a date. And Bobby could have his spare room back. Ellen would need to find a new bartender. But, hey, if Cas did alright covering for him today then maybe Ellen would let him do it. But then Cas would have to turn down his job at the library….and he was so excited about it.
Kari only rolled his eyes. “Well be my guest and take a seat then.” Dean sat on the couch as Kari picked up the IV drop, grabbing the stack of cups from the minibar as he passed.
a textbook to study for an exam? Wrong. If Castiel had to explain to one more person that “sorry we actually are all out of that textbook because it’s for a class that started sixteen weeks ago,” he was going to lose his damn mind.
article was pulled up, “State Police Close Baraga State Forest After Fifth Missing Person Reported.” Dean looked up at Cas.
“Ready for a refill hun?” Jamie asked, choosing to ignore the fact that at 3 PM she had already asked Dean that question 4 times. Jamie always worked weekday afternoons, and she and Dean had developed a nice routine of minding their own business.
Cas looked up at his building. “Yea, lost the key remember? We have to leave the bathroom window by the fire escape unlocked when no one’s home and climb through it to get in.” Cas paused to think. He really needed to email the landlord again and ask again for him to please maybe make them a new key.
As a blue hand reached towards his face Dean decided that he didn’t give a shit, and his world again dropped into black.
“What?” Dean asked, blinking out the stupor caused by the very much alive Castiel sitting a few feet in front of him. “They went where again?”
He pulled the door open and was hit with the smell of grease and the warmth of a grill. The place was far from busy, but there were a few tables littered with students. There was a high counter set in front of the grill, with the register on the end furthest from the door. The grill behind the counter crackled as it cooked the shredded steak, while the fryers bubbled off to the side. Cas walked across to the register which had no one behind it. Standing in front of the counter he glanced around the back area, not noticing an employee anywhere around.
The temperature dropped by at least five degrees when Castiel hit the first floor. In the kitchen, he stopped at the sink to fill the empty Pepsi bottle with some water for the walk home. Pulling out his phone, the time 1:45 AM stared back at him. His house was a little over 10 blocks away. Not a great situation in the middle of the night, but it was mostly college housing and he knew it would be fine.
“So what? Wanna do first day of class introductions?” He asked, raising his eyebrows dramatically before starting into a spiel in what can best be described as the male impersonation of a sorority voice. “Hi, my name’s Dean, I’m a junior engineering major and my fun fact is that I once ate three whole pizzas without throwing them back up.” He smiled at Cas expectantly, eyebrows still raised.
He tossed his bag onto the hood as he sat down, the fading warmth of the engine helping to chase off the cold. With the streetlight far behind him the stars and nearing-full moon reflected off the calm deep water as the shallow waves pushed against the shore. Dean didn’t usually get the chance to sit and look at the stars, meaning that normally he would’ve been entrapped by the constellations pasted in the clear sky. Tonight though, the focus of his attention was the trench-coat clad angel sitting on the hood next to him.
