Tony creates a protocol that enables him to restrict JARVIS from making specific comments about his eating habits.
“What do you want me to say?” he grits out, “want me to tell you I starve myself like a teenager with self-esteem issues? That it? The exercise, maybe, or the—the—“ he clenches his hands into fists, so tight that his knuckles turn white with it, digs his fingernails into the skin of his palms.
“None of the above,” he said, and Tony could hear the smile in his voice, “I’m just taking a break from...well, from reviewing our last mission, and planning our next one. Sort of contemplating whether hacking into S.H.I.E.L.D.’s servers to find out more about that sniper guy is worth it or if it’s just been too long since I last slept.”
, it’s staring into his bathroom mirror and scrutinising his entire body, it’s losing track of the minutes that go by as he tries to find where those two pounds could’ve gone.
“It was an impulse. Protecting you, I mean. It usually always is. I don’t even have to think about it, I just kind of...act.”
Tony stops in his tracks, raising a hand to his chest in mock horror. “Am I becoming predictable? Oh, I am
It rings out with abject sadness, and for some reason it has Tony jerking away in an instant, horrified.
He picks up right where he left off and carefully keeps his eyes away from the pan, away from the extra teaspoon or so of olive oil that Steve drizzles into it.
His stomach looks bloated. He knows the science behind that too. Not being able to clearly see the muscle beneath it still
There’s a quiet desperation to it that has Tony swallowing thickly, the words to retort caught in his throat.
Tony just stared for a moment, before breaking out into a downright grin and swinging an arm over Steve’s shoulders, guiding him over towards the bar.
“So that’s how it’s gonna be, huh?” he asked Steve’s retreating figure, and all he got for his efforts was a soft laugh, which was sort of worth it if Tony was being honest, and
It’s only two pounds. Two pounds that’ll probably even out, as his body deals with the extra calories from today.
He’d reduced his pathetic flinching right down to the occasional tense of his shoulders, but he’d never quite manage to shake the icy claws that would grip his chest whenever someone came too close to the arc reactor, squeezing until it was too much for his diminished lung capacity to cope with and he’d slip into a blind panic, struggling to breathe around his dread.
“I know.” He whispered, his head hung down in remorse. “I know what I did to him, and I whole-heartedly know that it was wrong. It wasn’t fair for me to leave him like that. It wasn’t right.”
start of my career. The once that I’ve wanted, the one that I’ve always dreamed of even though my dad clearly disapproved of it and constantly reminded me all throughout my life that it was a bad choice.”
But even in Tony’s favorite books, everything must have an eventual end to it. Pulling apart was like separating two magnets — hard and reluctant-to-go — but their human bodies were too greedy for oxygen for them to dismiss.
Rhodey let out a very audible breath and contemplated Steve’s figure still frantically scribbling somehow neat words onto his letters.
Several minutes later, two unidentifiable guests, a male and a female, strolled towards the blond and one of them waved an energetic arm back and forth as he greeted him.
For some odd reason, Tony just knew that he would get caught, unfortunately, under the mistletoe once more, later tonight. Christmas Day just couldn’t come fast enough.
“Please, Pepper,” Steve beseeched to her once more. “I just want to talk to him. Just let me see him and explain.”
“I was just so unsure of whether or not you still wanted to be friends with me even though I wanted to be so much more at that time — and I still do—“
“He keeps distancing himself from me, what more proof do I need waved in front of my face for me to realize that he doesn’t want to be around me, anymore?” The mystery-person asked no one in particular. “I guess he still tolerates being near me, but it doesn’t feel the same — it doesn’t feel the way it used to, back when we were younger.”
“Don’t worry, Stevie!” Bucky patted him on the back. “I’m sure you guys will confess your undying love for each other soon enough; but honestly, you really do need all the help that you can get, you oblivious idiot. By the way, where is Tony, anyways?”
The kitchen’s oven beeped a bell-like noise that was familiar to almost all of the Avengers — which could only mean one thing: Steve had baked something.
Suddenly, his office doors creakily opened to a James Rhodes standing in the doorframe, covered head to toe in some sort of dried modeling clay.
What better way to obsessively pine over your crush than by auditioning to be in the same musical together and getting cast as the musical’s lead couple?
There he was. Tony, with his tousled and casually swept, brown hair, his brilliant and gleaming, chocolate-hazelnut eyes, and his pink-tainted lips which were currently displaying a breathtakingly, entrancing smile.
“You’re looking pretty good, yourself,” Tony said as he laced his fingers through Steve’s. “Not bad, Rogers.”
Was this not all just Steve’s imagination tricking him into seeing what he’s been dreaming and always wishing to see since high school?
Steve slowly cracked opened his eyelids, expecting a disgusted expression to be on Tony’s face—only for the first thing that his vision was greeted by to be the brunet’s glowing, beautiful face, graced with a smile that could compete with all the stars in the universe. The sound of thundering applause and whoops that echoed throughout the theater as the audience cheered for the magical kiss that had just taken place between the story's main couple only added to the mystical and sensational feeling that swarmed the blond's gut as he grabbed Tony's hand and led him off stage.
Steve had no interest in any of them and politely declined each of their on-coming invitations to dance with them. Soon after, countless more women of-all-ages, individually sashayed up to the prince as each one of them attempted to attract or seduce him into spending the night with them. He turned down every single lust-filled and disturbing offer.
“So, me and Steve have been talking and we think that we have the best possible schedule figured out for you. You’re going to have to wake up fairly early to be able to make breakfast for Steve but he says that he’s okay with you cooking it the night before and just bringing in to him in the morning, too. You can bring his breakfast to his penthouse if he’s not yet working in his office and during lunchtime, you’ll have to deliver his food to him wherever in the tower he might be. Dinner is similar to breakfast in terms of delivery; just find out if Steve has gone home or not and give his food to him there. Of course, you’re welcome to use his kitchen if you need it to and he’s given you the okay to let you stay in one of the extra rooms of his penthouse if you’d like. Also, he says that you can just chill in the penthouse whenever you have free time or are just not busy; the fridge is also open for you to help yourself to. Does this all sound good to you?”
There was no way that Steve would go to his grave, before he had found a way to show Tony how much he truly cared for him. If only he had the courage to act upon his feelings before he loses any more chances. But to the blond, it may already be too late.
“Bucky! I’ll be fine! Can’t you or Bruce just bring me some food back?” Steve asked while trying to concentrate on neatly writing the remaining letters.
“You must be in deep-shit love with me or something, because that’s the nicest thing anyone’s ever said to me.” Tony joked. “But I don’t blame you, I am irresistible, after all.”
He wasn’t sure how long he could keep this mask up to conceal against the uncontrollable swell of emotions inside his chest.
“Fair point,” Tony acknowledged the stranger. “Sorry, you just took me by surprise. Not many people have actually read the book; most have just seen the movie.”
The college student glanced at each one of his friends in the conference room where they were all currently, patiently awaiting for him to speak. All of them had been kind enough to follow him and support him as he tried to reach out to his once-boyfriend and previous absolute-light-of-his-life. The one who he had lost all because of his own idiotic assumptions.
Maybe it wasn’t fair to Rhodey and his side of the argument, after all, how bad could Steve really be? If Rhodey was speaking so much praise about this one guy, then he must really be a sucker for Rogers because Rhodey almost never expressed general admiration for anyone. Although he still wasn’t one-hundred percent convinced, it was oddly soothing to hear his best friend comfort him and assure him that a future-possible boss of Tony’s would actually be a nice person - a major contrast against all of the bosses he’s worked in the past.
“Cotton candy clouds,” Tony sighed like he was living a real-life dream. “That’s definitely something that I could get used to seeing every evening. Especially, like this. Especially, with you.”
Steve sighed softly in relief, a surge of hope creeping its way into his heart for a moment before subduing into a strange rest of partially comfort, and the other part full of admiration for the girl who basically ran Stark Industries.
“No.” Steve challenged. “I know I fucked up badly, Pepper, but this is Tony. The Tony who never gave up on me, who persevered through everything that I would fall to my knees to, by myself. He was the one who’s always pushed through his dad just to see me. The one to endure through his torments, his abuse, and listen to him as well as he possibly could… and it was all for
Tony muffled a short “Coming,” against Steve’s lips but it wasn’t until the movie was already five minutes in that they rejoined the rest of their team on the couch.
“See? You’ve got this already.” Tony continued to encourage him as they did a small twirl in place together while holding on to each other’s arms. “Okay, ready to let go now?”
New York City was never truly quiet but the deafening silence coming from his surroundings and his partner was enough to make Tony want to go crazy.
Warning!: This chapter is quite cheesy. (Ha! Get it? I made a food pun.) Nevertheless, I hope that you enjoy reading it! Stay safe out there!
“Tony, calm down,” Steve laughed as the brunet grabbed his arm in impatience. “The callbacks just got posted; I’m not sure if this is even the official casting list.”
“That’s what you get for forcing me to ice-skate with you, Tones!” Steve shouted right back at him as he began making more snowballs of his own.
“Fine,” Tony reluctantly agreed and peacefully trudged into his kitchen while Rhodey silently cheered in his head. “I’ll
Tony’s face and ears immediately turned pink from the sudden compliment, and he dipped his head in order to hide the blush that began spread across his skin.
So Rogers knew his last name, and now he definitely knew that he was related to Howard and his glorified empire of 5-star restaurants. Wonderful.
“Now, don’t you talk to me like that, Tones,” He snapped at the brunet. “We all know here that all of your success in theatre really is because of me. After all, I’m the one who first introduced you to theatre and brought you to your first play! And this is how you repay me, years later?! By yelling shit in my face?!”
His friend raised one of his eyebrows and said, “Really? You haven’t? And can I ask why, Steve? Why you, one of the smartest people that we know, haven’t just hired a personal chef or a caterer by now?”
Pepper entered the room to reveal a chocolate hazelnut frappe with chocolate chunks that was covered in caramel drizzle in her right hand, complete with a singular straw. She held the delicacy out to him.
Okay, so maybe sassing your new millionaire boss wasn’t the best idea for first impressions but for some reason, Rogers actually didn’t seem to care and instead, found the quip surprisingly funny. If this was Howard, on the other hand, Tony would have received about a thousand verbal insults in response to his wits.
Instantly, a crackling fire ignited itself in the fireplace in Steve’s art studio and the following immediate warmth pleasantly contrasted against the dropping temperatures outside of the tower.
The brunet had never finished his sentence. He couldn’t because Howard had proceeded to snatch the phone from out of his hands and smash it into the ground, but not before Tony had sent the text. The screen had cracked upon impact, not unlike the way his father then commenced to slam his own son’s body into the ground, beating him until not a spot on him was covered in blood or a bruise, and leaving him to whither in his pain.
“That was… incredible, Steve.” Tony’s eyes brightened even more as he looked at Steve’s anxious and confused face. “Honest.”
“Will you two just let me eat already?” Steve barked. “I don’t need that image in my head right now!”
Ignoring his thoughts and carefully setting down the frappe to the side, he shivered out a timid, “Hey Tony.”
“Although I forgive you, that doesn’t mean that I’m just going to drop all these memories down the garbage disposal and forget about what happened. After all, all
“Happy Four-Year Anniversary, Anthony Edward Stark,” Steve reciprocated the kiss. “Even though I technically said it first.”
Now, Tony was starting to get really anxious. He peeked over the top of his mini snow-fort and when he saw no sign of Steve, his mind immediately started fabricating a million different scenarios to explain why Steve had suddenly gone quiet.
Now, over a year later, he was standing in front of Pepper, stuck with distressed dread as his brain sped through miles of options of what he should say next. He had to say something; anything that could bring him even an inch closer to seeing Tony again, anything that could actually bring him a fighting chance.
The genius ultimately decided on finishing his work later at his dorm room while he quickly grabbed a black coffee from the library’s own coffee shop. Not his favorite flavor, but he liked to keep up his appearance when the other people in his classes stared at him in awe as he downed entire cups of the bitter liquid in a matter of seconds.
The prince just simply could not stop thinking about the young Stark; each night his dream’s were filled to the brim with the genius’ quirky and sparkling, hazelnut-eyes, and Steve would often be startled awake from his fantasies to the ghost of a kiss tingling on his lips.
He just missed Tony so goddamn much. He missed his love. So if it meant suffering here in this cold, noiseless conference room wallowing in his own guilt and self-deprecation, would give him an opportunity to see Tony’s captivating eyes just one more time, he would undoubtedly comply.
“Uh, I guess I never had a reason to. I mean, I always just eat whatever leftovers I had for lunch as my dinner. Plus, I just never thought of it.”
Suddenly, Pepper received a notification on her phone, paused to see Steve’s intrigued reaction for a moment, before ultimately pulling out her device to review whatever had just interrupted her appointment.
“I should probably get this checked out,” Steve suggested and held up the book up in the direction of the front desk. “See you later?”
On the inside, admittedly, Tony knew that Rhodey was right, even if he really wanted to disagree with him. He knows that he doesn’t have as much common sense as his friends but he didn’t need Rhodey or Pepper to come bursting through his apartment and lecturing him for a good hour or two. They may have more common sense than the average person but Tony had his own reasons for not wanting to take up the job offer.
It was cheesy, but he had to admit it. If only these human emotions didn’t exist, Steve’s life would be immensely easier to cope with. But then he wouldn’t be human nor would he be this happy. Suffering might be the only option to be happy, apparently. How ironic.
“Okay, calm down,” Steve came back into the living room with a tray-full of extremely hot cookies. “I made sure that there’s something for everyone — just don’t burn your fingers, everyone.”
Everything was blurring by so quickly; each song started and ended like bullets flying through the air, dropping to the ground with a clatter as quickly as they had shot out, and it was no help in calming down Steve’s nerves.
Suddenly, the Ferris wheel slowly halted to a stop and the couple’s seat began to dangle back and forth right at the very top of the ride.
Steve observed that the atmosphere had immediately plummeted when he entered the room. The royal sentries who were guarding the Americandian castle’s main entrance, all dropped down to one knee and the guests within the room followed their example by bowing down before the prince.
Nostalgia and memories of Tony’s complicated childhood filled his head as the two of them wandered through the fair, exploring each one of the possible money-scammers and time-wasters that were practically calling out each person’s name at the carnival, beckoning them to come over and blow away their cash at games that were physically and mathematically-impossible to win. Unless you were a blond football player that was a fucking god at basically every sport that ever existed, of course.
“Please, Ma,” Steve groaned. “I know it’s wrong to force my emotions onto him, so I won’t, and you shouldn’t either. Please promise me, that you’ll let him choose for himself whether he wants to stay with me — just as a friend, or not.”
He frankly didn’t want to entertain the thought that Tony might not actually want to even look at his face. He had to seize and hold onto every little and last bit of hope that he and his friends could offer himself.
“Steve! How long have you been holed up in here?” Bucky peered at him, amused. “The whole gang’s waiting for you down in the lobby for dinner, remember? We’ve been planning this since last month!”
The brunet scowled and said, “I’m fine! And I don’t have any intentions of working for Steve Rogers and I’m only at home so I can be here to see if I’ve gotten a letter back from Obie’s and once I do
The brunet smirked, while his blush still visible, tilted his head up and stood on his toes to press a loving kiss to the blond’s lips.
,” Rogers emphasized his name but in a friendly, non-threatening manner. “Call me Steve, okay? I’d feel much better about it and
group of friends, one of them — Natasha Romanov, to be more specific — had figured out about Tony’s “extremely-fucking obvious,” crush.
“Yeah, yeah…” Steve grinned like a fool. “Definitely. I would love to keep working with you, Anthony Edward Stark.”
Rhodey gave him an annoyed glance as he pushed the button to open the elevator doors, “Steve? Are you in here, man? I’ve brought someone for you to meet!”
“Steve,” Tony shakily inhaled a gulp of air as he halted to a stop a foot in from to Steve, unlike the distance that they would normally speak to each other at.
The brunet hummed, undoubtedly suspicious of the honesty in Steve’s words, but chose not to pester him about it. He leaned against the blond’s shoulder and Steve watched his eyes droop down in exhaustion, finally letting the tiredness settle in after months of working himself to the point where he was about to collapse during rehearsals.
Steve felt the brunet’s hand slip down to graze his, and he let it linger there for a second before it was suddenly pulled away from him. He could only hope that he had hidden his disappointment well.
Steve shut his eyelids in frustration, the aching panic of a declined request arising and swarming up into his lungs. He futilely needed to convince Pepper to let him see Tony, otherwise he had no hope of him ever seeing the genius again.
, — were beginning to think that you guys would rather just make-out and leave to go fuck in your bedroom instead of watching the movie with us.”
A whole twenty-four hours passed before Tony had received a response from Steve, — oddly, in the form of a notecard saying: “
Tony nodded in thanks and when Rhodey motioned for him to sit down, he took a seat on the right side of his best friend, letting Rogers sit alone on the sofa on Rhodey’s left.
Every one of his friends; including Sam, Nat, Bucky, Bruce, Thor, and Clint gaped at him wildly and unbelievingly, with mainly confused looks. Natasha studied his form up and down like Steve had just said the worst thing he could feasibly produce out his mouth.
“It was the holiday season, Nat!” Clint grumbled in annoyance. “I thought those two would have calmed down with the pranks by then.”
The sky began to get increasingly darker and more faint shimmers of stars started popping up and getting more intense in the night sky. However, the last bits of the sun still peeked over the New York horizon and its light continued to tint the west edge of the black void above in a candescent glow of different hues of pink, orange, and yellow.
Bucky and Rhodey try to get Steve to finally go out and eat something that isn't leftover frozen pizza.
His heart twisted into a huge knot and unraveled too briskly. He had realized the effects of him avoiding Tony long ago, even before Pepper and Rhodey had came barging into his house that day. His love for the brunet was too strong to ignore back then and it still is now. But back then his stubbornness had clouded his judgement, essentially causing Steve to fail the one person he had promised to always be there for.
Bucky shook his head and frowned at Rhodey, “I’m not worried about that, Rhodes. I was just surprised that it looks more than edible… it actually looks kind of good.”
The brunet pouted and shook his head, “Rhodey, I appreciate your help, I really do. But this is my life and I intend to live it how I want to. You can’t control what I do, Rhodes - and you definitely cannot pick my career for me. I don’t want to wait on some rich guy hand and foot and you
Pg. 240, Lines 15-17: “And I think about how loving someone is kind of like being president, in that it doesn’t change you, not really. But it brings out more of the you that you already are.”
and walked over to his pantry to grab the ingredients that he needed, including all-purpose flour, garlic cloves, fresh basil, and grated nutmeg. He gathered the organic tomatoes, ground sirloin, unsalted butter, whole milk, and mozzarella from the fridge. While first forming his pasta and then prepping everything else to start cooking, his mind began to wander to what Rhodey had said before he had left.
Below the text was the pink sticky note that Tony had glimpsed earlier but didn’t get to read. As if the first sentence wasn’t enough, another set of words — but this time written elegantly onto the Post-It — managed to pry open and fill the brunet’s heart up with emotion, a tiny bit more than before.
“I think, I finally found it,” Steve breathed, watching and cherishing the way Tony’s captivating eyes coruscated as they reflected the cosmos and its stars, above. “The two of us… We’re…”
Tony bit his bottom lip, hesitantly - a millionaire asking a commoner to call him by his first name as if they were a personal friend? As far as Tony knew, all of Rogers’ friends consisted of famous singers, artists, dancers, and other various celebrities that all referred to him by his first name. This was certainly odd but Tony knew that it wasn’t exactly uncommon. Maybe there was more to this guy than what Tony had seen just fro the museums displaying his treasured art.
anymore. If you truly wanted to make it up to him, you should’ve have went to find him as soon as you could.”
The brunet turned to face Steve and the two of them reached up and removed their masks at the same time.
Steve cocked an eyebrow at him and laughed lightly, his voice filling in the silent void of the library, and ultimately making Tony’s train of thought crash into about a million trees.
“Maybe we should catch up on all we’ve missed being apart this past year.” Steve suddenly proposed after splitting their embrace. “How about getting a coffee together, tomorrow? Preferably a chocolate-hazelnut flavored one?”
Tony scoffed, “Did you just want an excuse to drag me out of my very comfortable spot on the couch so you could kiss me, or is this just a way to make-out with me without the team complaining?”
On the other hand, many visitors who were uninterested in dancing, sailed across the room in search for friends, food, drinks, or even a possible date. Even though the party’s many attendants were undeniably different in every feature and form, the range of cultures and races made the aura of the undivided room feel completed. The diversity of S.H.I.E.L.D. as a domain altogether, was truly exhibited within the four walls of a singular ballroom and it empowered Steve to stride forward with a surprising sense of pride for his homeland.
Tony grinned, his eyes twinkling with mischief, “How about, by-the-second? After all, my wish is your command.”
“Pfft,” Tony blew air out of his mouth in an exasperated, but loving tone. “Just wait until it’s time to open presents on Christmas Morning. That’ll be a nightmare to deal with.”
“What are we watching again?” He asked her, hoping the redhead could hear him over the noise of Tony and Clint still fighting over the popcorn.
He tried exhaustingly squirming out of it and pulling away in an attempt to fight back before reluctantly letting himself be held by the stronger person, and surprisingly found himself kissing back.
were always my dream life and frankly, Broadway doesn’t include you, and if Broadway doesn’t include you, then I don’t ever want to leave.”
When Steve glided across the dance floor to greet his next dancing partner, he was immediately met with a pair of the most entrancing eyes he had ever had the chance to witness. It felt like the air was just stolen from his gasping lungs.
“So, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda?” Tony smirked as he tipped his head to the side towards the book and moved aside for the other to see. “Didn’t know a guy like you would be interested in a book like this.”
Apparently, the brunet was just not aware of his own feelings enough to actually notice his quickened heartbeat whenever he cheerfully chatted hours away with Steve, or his heightened senses whenever the blond accidentally brushed his shoulder against his while they were walking to their afternoon classes side-by-side.
performance all throughout this week. I also thought that, maybe, just maybe, we could talk, preferably alone, for a few minutes?”
Taking the note with him, the genius raced to the library after all of his classes had ended, logged onto one of the building’s public computers, briskly opened up the library’s catalog, and searched up the book belonging to the class number in Tony’s hand.
And suddenly, all of Tony’s previous exhilaration vanished as he cocked his head up to peer up at Steve. The blond’s heart began to beat rapidly as he realized that Tony had just pushed away and forgotten the crazily, marvelous luck that had just happened to him to ask Steve if he had gotten in or not. The fact that Tony even cared made his senses perk up as a billion longing thoughts raced through his head.
Loud gasps reiterated around the room as many people found that they had been conversing with some of their closest friends throughout the whole duration of the party. Most of the guests were too busy flummoxing at the array of different faces and features throughout their vicinity to join in the light, barely-audible applause commending the queen.
He had to come up with something to say, and something fast. But not just an easy, effortless answer that a stubborn ex would expectedly blurt out. His response had to be meaningful and showed that he truly wanted Tony back in his life, even if he didn’t deserve him.
After walking down all the way from Columbia University, the two of them were due for a date — especially since it was their four-year anniversary and they haven’t had one in well-over a month.
“Because this isn’t the life that I’ve always dreamed of—and I can’t believe that I haven’t realized this until just now…”
“FOR FUCK’S SAKE THOR, HOW THE HELL DID YOU MANAGE TO KNOCK DOWN THE ENTIRE CHRISTMAS TREE?! IT’S LIKE THREE TIMES YOUR HEIGHT AND WEIGHT COMBINED!”
“Yeah, I guess I should, shouldn’t I?” Tony’s smile dropped a little but didn’t disappear completely. “I’ll see you after the show, okay Steve?”
“You should’ve just asked,” the genius laughed as he gratefully accepted the kiss. “After all, when am I ever going to say no to you? Especially when you’re asking to kiss me?”
“Hey!” Rhodey just had to abruptly appear at this time. “Sorry for interrupting whatever’s going on here, but Steve, Director Fury was looking for you last night.”
No matter what he tried to tell himself, Steve pondered when the last time was that he’s eaten something as exquisite as the dish that he’d just practically inhaled. When was the last time he actually loved a food so much that he was tempted to lick it clean? He’s definitely seen people such as celebrities lick plates clean whenever the food was just
“He’s still helpless over you, are you aware of that, Steve?” Pepper said after a while and surveyed him with her eyes. “You broke his heart by leaving him behind to deal with his horrid father and yet here he is, in my home, with his thoughts still tainted of you. Always you.”
The mystery brunet spoke first, “Hey— Are you okay? You looked like your heart just shattered into a million pieces.”
“In the kitchen; go through that doorway,” Rogers pointed in the direction of his kitchen and Tony immediately strode in its direction.
“Oh, yeah. Uhm… right…” Tony flushed with embarrassment. “So… Are you going to come over here — and kiss me, — or…?”
. Perfectly, perfect in every single way that Tony’s mind could come up with at the moment. Perfect in the way that their noses and fitted so well together, perfect in the way that Steve hugged the genius by his waist with gentle hands, and perfect in the way that Tony’s arms were just the right length to fully wrap them around the blond’s neck.
The blond laughed nervously, “Don’t worry, I don’t exactly have the best father in the world either. In fact, he had actually left my ma right after I was born so he had never truly made an impact in my life. I’m sorry for mentioning your dad’s name, I didn’t mean to provoke you. And I should really stop apologizing, shouldn’t I? I promise you, I don’t usually say the word “sorry,” this many times in a single hour.”
“You know what, Steve? I know that you’re not always going to have time to eat meals with us anymore but that doesn’t mean that you should always miss out on your meals! Have you tried hiring someone to do the cooking for you? A professional who can just make you the food and deliver it to your house or your office every day?”
As he exhaled the breath he was unconsciously holding, and with love and fondness and his heart throbbing with an indescribable pain, the blond picked up the small brunet and carried him in his arms back into the backstage of the auditorium where he placed him down on a nearby couch and watched over him as he slept. Occasionally, a bewildered cast or crew member would walk by and Steve only had to hush away and dismiss their questions with a single look before they scampered off to continue commissioning the show.
Maybe Tony was just preoccupied with entertaining the guests somewhere else inside the castle — he was probably on a totally different floor. Beyond everything, he still is a prince, and some of a royal’s most important duties include conversing with their fellow people and subjects. However, the thought of it still wasn’t enough to satisfy Steve’s unsettling stomach.
“I did,” The queen of Redinaroom smiled not-so-innocently, at her husband. “Steve, you know that he’s too flustered to admit that he actually likes these kinds of events.”
The entire ballroom erupted into applause and cheered as the king and queen bowed, graciously descended the platform, and left.
Steve cast his best friend an unamused scowl. “Not funny, Buck. Literally, I checked my weight three days ago and it’s barely changed - it’s only gone down about five pounds. Again, I’m really fi-“
“No worries, babe,” the brunet assured him as they drifted towards each other, meeting in the middle with their torsos pressed up together. “C’mere. I’ve got you, m’kay?”
“I’m well aware that Anthony is quite an extraordinary, young prince, but do tell me once more what it is that you see in him, Steven.” His father requested.
“Right now in this land, each one of our kingdoms are rejoicing together for the day that we were united as a whole! In doing so, not only did we become stronger and more powerful but we also bonded together — not just as a coalesced land, but as a family.”
Yanking down Steve to his height, he felt his breath hitch and Tony grinned as his mouth met the blond’s. The first touch between them sent shivers and sparks down his spine and Tony mentally thanked the entire universe for being reading enough books to be properly prepared for the experience.
“You’re welcome, Steve.” Pepper took in a calming breath and she flashed him a polite smile. “Why don’t you wait in here until Tony comes back from MIT and then you can try to confront him. If you’re all going to stay, I’ll bring you guys some food and and snacks for lunch, in case you get hungry while waiting for him to get here.”
Something in the sweetness, delicateness, yet sharp taste of the treat smacked him hard like a hammer and he was whisked away to a memory that was previously buried deep inside his head - and the one thing that his mind could think of when he took another bite of the dessert, was his mother.
Tony’s hazelnut-chocolate eyes shone and glittered brighter than all the stars in the night sky combined before he closed them to lean up and kiss Steve.
The blond nodded, wanting to relish his time with Tony for a little longer, but decided that it would be best to return back to his royal duties.
Sometimes, on the infrequent occasions that Steve does spend time with Tony, each minute he’s next to the other prince feels like his entire body is being consumed by an excruciating pining; his heart aching for the one who was so close yet so far from his reach. He eventually rationalized with himself and supposed that it was a good thing that Tony seldom visited him anymore if each time he even looked at the blond, a piercing sensation of stinging accompanied his gaze. At this point, Steve accepted any excuse to try and evade Tony and to save his heart from its own tormenting, even if it meant that it was only hurting himself more.
His body stiffened as Rogers turned to flash Tony a dazzling smile and suddenly the blond’s attention was enraptured by the items he was holding in his hands.
“I’m not sure; I’m actually looking for him right now, and I’d very much like for that to be kept quiet and to not be declared to the entire party —from the top of the orchestra’s stage — by a soon-to-be-drunk moron, if you wouldn’t mind?”
“Please, Pepper,” Steve rasped. “I’ve lost everything; my father, my mother, my entire biological family, my discipline, my… my pride. I can’t lose him, too. Not when I’m this close to him. Just give me the key, Pepper, you’re the one holding the key to him, just let me borrow it, just for an hour. Please.”
Pepper rolled her eyes and pushed her neatly tied ponytail of strawberry blonde hair behind her head.
that I made at 6 AM?! I made that during the hour that I absolutely can’t fucking function no matter how much coffee I’ve consumed! Also, how long have
So he did, and it felt like it was composed of the most perfect combination of magic, miracles, and fireworks. Heaven only knew what Tony tasted like after just admitting their feelings for someone who had the exact same feelings towards him, and Steve swore on his life that he was literally tasting heaven right now.
“Patriotic-my-ass.” He heard the genius mumble under his breath. “The only thing patriotic about them are how ugly they make your kingdom.”
clean from a mere glance but upon closer inspection, it truthfully just looked abandoned as if the owners suddenly gave up the will to cook and eat all together.
Tony apprehensively came out of his hiding place as he ran over to where he had last seen the blond.
Steve had never forgiven himself when he figured out his huge-ass mistake. Neither did he forget the description of Tony’s defeated form that Pepper had ululated at him when she broke into the house to approach Steve about what he had done.
“Unless you don’t want, then I guess I’ll just take someone else out to eat and to shower them with my love.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to go off and start complaining about my family — I guess I didn’t really have a right to, in the first place.” Tony shrugged, apologetically. “I mean, everyone has their own family problems and… I should
. More than half of the credit was owed to his good friend Bruce, who actually helped him to formulate and create the right chemical makeup for his fantastic art supplies. But since when has anyone appreciated a scientist for his ingenious, scientific work instead of downright ogling at the pretty natural landscape painted by an artist who used that scientist’s work?
Maybe he shouldn’t have listed so many pages. What if Steve got Tony’s meaning confused and thought that he was pranking him or something like that, but worse? The brunet had to be reminded by Thor that Steve would never accuse him of something that sinister, and the rest of his friends reassured him over and over again that his plan would work and that he should stop, “shitting his pants.”
A satisfied sigh came out of Tony’s parted lips as he shifted to gaze in the direction of the castle.
, deeply In love with — Lately, he’s been getting more and more distant — and every time I try to have a proper conversation with him, all I can notice about him is that he’s staring at me with this nameless expression on his face.”
“I can’t,” Steve inhaled deep as he responded. “This is Pepper, she’ll be expecting me to say some stupid and cliche answer like saying sorry and it won’t be good enough for her. Anyone else would automatically say that they’re just going to apologize, but any answer that obvious and simplistic is always wrong according to Pepper.”
Frowning, Tony could only stay silent as it wasn’t the best option for his financial status but it wasn’t downright awful so he’ll eventually learn to deal with it. He just hoped that the next two weeks will fly by in a flash so he can finally stop worrying about the next time that his bills roll in and he’s unable to pay them.
“Tony, you could never lose me because I promised myself that I would to be with you until the end of the line. And I’m sorry for being really distant, lately. I guess, I just didn’t want you to notice
“I don’t want him for his money, or for his fame, or even for just the drama that comes with dating a person like him, I just… I just want his presence. It’s the most colossal thing that I miss about him: his presence.”
Sighing in defeat, Tony leaned against his kitchen counter with his eyes carefully watching his baking
“Well, tell me if you catch them messing with it later,” Tony said as he got up from his seat at the kitchen counter to head towards Steve’s art studio. “Now if you two don’t mind, I’m going to Christmas cuddle with my beloved boyfriend.”
before - up to the point where he could practically guess their personality type, average income, and behavioral patterns the moment that he meets them. Yet this one blond manages to skew all of Tony’s whole plate of expectations right off the countertop in his mind and defies all of the social norms that wealthy, famous, and popular millionaires have become to be known for.
Clint snorted while Natasha just smiled knowingly, and honestly, neither one of their immediate responses surprised Tony.
No words in the entire fucking universe, could ever express how much Tony absolutely loved Steve, right now. No cosmic, extraterrestrial force could ever make the brunet love him anymore than he already did, right at this moment. It was literally impossible for there to be anything that ever existed in this world that could even come close to conveying how much Steve meant to Tony right now — how much just the blond’s simple
The total and unquestionable clarity of Steve’s true intentions and unlimited love for the brunet — and knowing that Tony felt the exact same way about him — showed how much the two of them meant to each other. It only confirmed to Steve that Tony was the only person in the entire universe that he was undeniably willing to spend the rest of his life with.
“Fuck, Steve… You already blew me away with the carnival — I thought that was already such a perfect date — and now this?” The other licked his lips in concentration. “What did I ever do to deserve you?”
The genius exhaled calmly in awe and steadily walked over to the blanket, sitting down charily beside the blond. Once he had found a cozy position to snuggle up against Steve, Tony tucked his head into the crook of the blond’s neck as his free hand still moved to grab some of the cotton candy nearby.
And then, all of a sudden, Steve had just found himself experiencing the worst day of his entire life. The day that he had lost Tony.
By the late evening, the masquerade was already in full-swing as many of the guests attending the party began to shuffle onto the now-full, dance floor. The people who refused to join the waltz, stood to the side of the ballroom, and stared at Steve, clearly waiting for him to pick a partner and participate in the dance. Steve saw a group of young ladies loitering near the grand-stage, giggling as they ogled their eyes and fluttered their eyelashes at him, each one of them anticipating an appropriate time to snatch a chance to speak with the prince.
A satisfying crunch echoed throughout the soundless night and Tiberius Stone immediately stumbled back with his hands flying up to cover up his now-bloody nose. Steve reeled back slightly but refused to back down as he glowered at Tiberius’ weakened and nearly-defeated figure.
She looked down at the other cup in her left hand. The one filled with a chocolate hazelnut frappe with chocolate chunks and covered in caramel drizzle: Tony’s secret favorite drink from any coffee shop that could make it.
Tony must be really invested in this musical, otherwise he wouldn’t be kissing him so hard right now. The thought of the brunet’s dedication to the believability of the performance was both amusing and heartbreaking at the same time.
Rogers merely sat on one of the plush leather couches and licked his lips while he set the empty plate on the coffee table in front of him.
Casting the brunet a worried look, Rhodey said, “Tony, at least think about it, please? You are honestly the smartest person I’ve ever met and you’re more than damn hell capable of using that big brain of yours to think about this decision. Use your smarts for once and think about all of the benefits that you can get from this! Think of all the freedom that you’ll get and creativity that you’ll be able to express once you start working in a high-tech kitchen that’s not one of your dad’s! Think of all the Howard Stark drama and pestering that you can escape if you make this choice - the right choice! Think of not having to go crawling to Obadiah every time that you fuck up in the eyes of your dad! This is
By the time four weeks is over he doesn’t miss logging a single meal, it’s always niggling at the back of his mind. He refuses the treats Bucky likes to bake in his spare time, and he feels a dizzying sense of control flow through his veins for just a split second, feels an almost delirious sense of pride flood his system.
“Makes for some pretty intense nightmares,” he admitted, in an almost scarily passive tone, like he was commenting idly about the weather. “Might also be why I can’t stand the thought of watching you die. Knowing that I’d remember every single detail for as long as I live.”
They were approaching the two week mark now, and Steve still seemed adamant about his newfound duty as a supersoldier octopus, which had Tony just the slightest bit concerned.
Dusk was settling outside, and warm rays of gold were cast across the floor of the Quinjet, spilling over onto a section of Steve’s hair. Which was absolutely not relevant whatsoever, because Tony was mad at him, and thoughts about how warm and cosy the dying sun made Steve appear were completely and utterly counterproductive. Totally irrelevant.
“I’ll sleep when I’m dead,” he retorted, because even his exhausted self was contrary like that. And repetitive, apparently.
Tony rolls his eyes, giving his cheek a playful flick. “Can’t a guy better himself without his boyfriend getting all sentimental on him?”
“Lucky for you, I have a whole lotta experience lookin’ after mouthy punks with no regard for their own safety.”
Tony snorted, shaking his head in fond amusement, before moving forward and settling his hands on the back of the couch, right over Steve’s shoulders. Neither of them moved for a beat or two. Then, Steve was surging forward and bringing their lips together with a surprising amount of gentleness. It was tender, simmering warmth rather than frenzied heat, an easy slide of lips. Steve’s hands settled tentatively on his waist, thumbs rubbing idle patterns into the strip of skin exposed by his shirt riding up.
Relative silence filled the Quinjet on the final leg home. Tony’s eyes were unfocused, barely tracking, and thinking was progressively beginning to feel like fumbling through mud. He had to make a conscious effort not to let his blinks last too long, or to succumb to the inviting warmth of being pressed to Steve’s side.
Steve huffed what could’ve been a laugh, had there been more force behind it. “Maybe we should table this discussion until we’ve both gotten some sleep.”
His eyes swept over Steve for a moment, cataloguing. He seemed relaxed now; open. He’d propped himself up on a cushion, and he was watching Tony, eyes lit from within by a burning sort of intensity that he knew well, could recognise from just a brief glance. It was accompanied by a soft smile, the corners of his mouth twitching with mirth, and honestly, Tony didn’t stand a chance. He never had.
. Which was completely unfair, as a side note. He had to be doing that on purpose, just to tug at every single one of Tony’s heartstrings.
“That’d be—great,” he says, turning in the circle of Steve’s arms. He doesn’t want to draw any unnecessary attention by being difficult.
Tony is a pretty active person, he works out in the communal gym several times a week, not including the team sparring sessions and the calls to assemble.
“I do,” he confirms, forcing his lips up into a smile, “you know, that might be good, maybe I’ll go with that.”
, which was just. Not good for Tony’s heart by any measure. Steve’s disapproval was a force to be reckoned with - when he had real fire behind his eyes, disappointment burning in his gaze, tone cold and clipped and
“You just like feeding me,” Tony accuses, trailing his hands along his shoulders, resting them on the sides of Steve’s face.
Then, a few days passed, and some of the insistent protectiveness let up. Tony was back to attending board meetings, supervising certain R&D projects, and getting his
Of course, he’d always appreciated that touch could be a powerful part of subterfuge, he was fully acquainted with the myriad of ways in which people could be persuasive, it was simply business. Except - then he’d had his arc reactor forcibly ripped out of him by someone who’d acted like an uncle to him for decades, had been robbed of every ounce of agency possible in what could’ve been his last moments. That had left him with an almost irrational fear of strangers touching him, which was awfully inconvenient to navigate when you attracted press and attention everywhere you went.
Every day, he adds fifteen minutes to his workout, scared shitless that his progress will unravel if he doesn’t keep upping it, scared that his muscles will begin to deteriorate as he purposely overestimates his calories, lowers his total just feel the sick sense of satisfaction that washes down his spine each time he lays eyes on that number on his phone screen.
Steve chose that moment to frown, and oh look, there was that divot that appeared between his eyebrows when he was concerned, always making Tony falter for a second.
Tony was treated to a pointed silence after that, not that he minded. He found Steve sitting in the rec room, feet propped up on the couch, face scrunched up with vibrant laughter. Afternoon sunlight poured in through the windows, crowning his hair like a damn
There was gentle laughter, equal parts fond and amused. It had something warm settling inside Tony’s chest.
Tony couldn’t help but snort. “Bet that wasn’t confusing at all. Captain America, paradigm of virtue and justice, offering to beat up a perp for information.”
Tony weighs himself once during the first week, twice during the second week, four times during the third week, and six times during the fourth week. It’s an indescribable rush, to see the number that stares back at him lower than the last time, even by the smallest fraction. He feels lighter, he feels more energetic, he feels accomplished, he feels...he feels
Natasha had that carefully blank expression on her face that told Tony she was trying not to smile. “It’s not us you have to worry about,” she said, jerking her head in Steve’s direction.
That being said, Tony utterly resented the notion that he required some supersoldier bodyguard at all times to be safe, and he said as much, while never actually doing anything to prevent it. He didn’t much appreciate the amused looks thrown his way either, like he was being totally transparent with his token protests. Like he was being stripped bare, like every non-platonic thought he’d entertained about Steve had been tossed out into the open for all to see.
He directed his gaze towards the doorway, where two well-dressed supersoldiers were looking more than a little amused.
Steve shakes his head, flicks his gaze toward the ceiling. “JARVIS, would you mind setting the temperature a few degrees higher?”
He sinks to his knees on the bathroom floor, the grooves between the cold tiles digging into his skin.
“But - but that means you remember the good things in detail too, right? Like, say, this moment right here. You and I, having a spontaneous heart to heart on a couch at fuck o’clock in the morning, manful tears and all.”
,” said Tony, in mimicry of Steve’s own tone, “I appreciate that you have your cute red, white and blue kevlar get-up, but seriously? Gold-titanium suit of armour ring a bell? You didn’t even have your
That night, he spends hours scrolling through reviews for appetite-suppressants, because he’s struggling to keep the hunger pangs at bay, and they’re starting to border on painful.
Steve seemed to draw away at that, taking the warmth from where’d they’d been pressed together with him, and Tony wondered for a moment if the heating system was broken, because
Besides, a hand on the shoulder here and a brush against the small of his back there were decidedly chaste forms of contact, enough to be noticeable but not enough for Tony to call attention to it. He wasn’t blind either - a few hours was all it had taken him to notice that Steve resolutely remained a maximum of three rooms away from him at all times - but that was something he could live with for the time being.
Outside his workshop, the sun is lowering down toward the horizon, reds and oranges streak the Manhattan skyline, staining the wispy clouds in various shades of colour.
He heard an annoyed huff somewhere from his left, then a cold bottle of water was being pressed into his side, before being placed pointedly on the seat next to him. Tony had to smother another groan at the mere sight of it. It’d been a long day, even by his standards.
He looks down at his wedges, sour cream and chilli sauce on the side, paired with a salad, dressing and croutons on the side.
The moment the workshop doors close behind her, Tony looks toward the holoscreen, fingers running through his hair and tugging desperately at the strands.
Steve’s gaze flicks from Tony’s face down to his menu, where linguine stands out as clear as day, the first option under ‘pastas.’ Tony sucks in a breath and holds it, but Steve doesn’t say anything, just nods and returns to his menu.
Tony laughs, but it’s gentle, overwhelming fondness seeping into it. “Don’t tell me. It’s gotta be something sappy, so I’m putting my money on ‘because it means I’m comfortable around you.’”
taste bad, Tony will admit that, but the rush always makes up for it, the satisfaction that crashes down over him in waves each time the Avengers eye one of his meals, each time he says no to their food, each time he goes to bed feeling lighter than he did that morning.
“Laugh it up all you want, cap, that night in the lab was full of ground-breaking scientific discovery.”
It was fine. They were sat together at a bar with matching glasses of water, the alcohol was flowing around them, the chatter wasn’t overwhelming. Steve was bathed in an orange glow, courtesy of the candles that scattered the venue, and Tony was man enough to admit that he might’ve been just a little enamoured by how open it made him look, by the soft angle of his jaw and the brightness in his eyes. The sky was a canvas of black outside, speckled with bright stars, and everything was just
More often than not, attempting to get his friends and coworkers the credit that they deserved was almost impossible. Especially when he was a world-famous artist and millionaire. People seemed to only want to pay attention to him yet Steve hated diminishing the significance of his friends whenever they stood next to him at a press conference. It was always a horrific and unbearably guilty feeling but his friends never seemed to mind. They were the best that Steve could ever ask for, in that way.
“Hold on, everyone,” Steve announced as he rushed over to the team’s colossally-sized, shared kitchen — courtesy of their resident genius, billionaire, ex-playboy, and philanthropist — and popped out the various snowflake and Christmas tree-shaped cookies.
Why was easier for Steve to lie to about a dozen different people who asked if he was okay than it was to tell Tony that he loved him?
“And don’t think that I’m scared of you or your little ‘football captain, boyfriend bodyguard,’ Tony!” Tiberius turned to Steve and snarled. “Just because you’re the football captain of Columbia doesn’t mean that I’m sc—“
The room appeared to be infinitely crowded with outsiders from different kingdoms, and even different lands. Bodies, limbs, and masks spilled into every cranny and nook of every corner of the castle’s grandest ballroom. There was already a classical song playing, performed by the kingdom’s royal orchestra and many people were already paired up as they drifted across the marble-tiled dance floor. An exquisite, diamond chandelier embellished with assorted rubies and sapphires dangled above everyone’s heads, bathing the party in a dreamlike luminescence that made the shadows casted within the area under it, a wine-purple. The illumination of the light overhead reflected off the varying and unique masks of the people gyrating across the glossy ground, onto the walls around them in splashes of sparkles, almost like stars.
Love was such a strange feeling, Steve couldn’t help but think to himself. But he was more grateful for it than he would ever openly admit — all because it had caused him to have Tony as a permanent part of his life. And it made him feel so
They were together almost 24/7, yet neither of them had gathered enough reason to act upon their own feelings, and when one of them finally did, the resulting emotion was almost too unbearable to tolerate, but they did, because they, with all of their being, wanted to.
“He’s right, Buck. She’ll be anticipating something ordinary and predictable like that.” She turned to Steve with an unreadable emotion on her face. “Steve, you love him, don’t you? Let that fuel you to come up with a half-decent answer so that Pepper will at least let you catch a glimpse of him, can you do that?”
Steve’s eyes dimmed in thought as he flicked his gaze up at Pepper, before immediately shifting it down again to study his clenched and sweaty hands.
Queen Sarah clucked her tongue in mirth, “Nonsense, Steven, that boy is truly oblivious if he still cannot notice your feelings for him, no matter what you do. I might as well have to slap him in the face with your bleeding heart before he realizes that you love him.”
Pepper’s ice-cold eyes continued to carve a wound through Steve’s heart and soul as he grimaced, racking his brain for acceptable answers to the redhead’s cruelly specific request.
So essentially, it was all just a miniature scavenger hunt. Sure, it was an odd method to confess your love to your crush, but it would certainly get the job done better than Tony just outright babbling about the emotions that he felt and didn’t fully understand, right at Steve.
As if to seal a deal involving the sacrifice of Tony’s soul, Rhodey extended his hand to shake Rogers’ and the conclusion was determined: Tony was one-hundred percent stuck with cooking Rogers like fucking Cinderella.
“That was delicious,” Rogers told the brunet with a smile. “I don’t think I’ve ever had such good food in my life.”
Steve just laughed under his breath, shaking his head, and went back to cuddling Tony while watching the movie.
“Not exactly,” Steve replied, still reluctant about his decision in trusting his partner to take him ice-skating.
It would be a perfect place for a first date, Steve remarked in his head. But the only person he had in mind to spend time here was hilariously out of his league, anyways.
It felt like he had been with the genius for an eternity, but it still wasn’t enough; the blond wanted to stay insanely in-love like this, forever — that’s how meaningless and overall forgettable, Steve’s life had been like without the brunet.
to be horrifically salty instead of sweet and when Howard had found out, Tony was forced to do something that he had never expected to ever do in his life: wear concealer.
“Sorry, Buck.” The blond nervously chuckled. “I think I’m going to have to skip out on this month’s dinner. Again. Sorry…”
“Nope,” Tony remarked, popping the ‘p’ at the end. “This is the torture that you’ll have to endure when you’re dating me.”
However, if Steve didn’t reciprocate what Tony felt; well that’s where the remaining 18.0704% would come in to ruin everything for him.
He strained a smile down at the genius. His eyes were met with the stare of two entrancing, magical chocolate orbs that shined with an enchantment that was brighter than all the sunset-clouds and the stars in the sky, combined.
Truthfully, he was expecting it to be mediocre at best. He knew what good food truly tasted like. Due to his social and economic status, and shamefully to his morals, Steve knew exactly what the best types of exotic fruits and vegetables tasted like. He knew how to distinguish the tarty sweetness of fruits from the buttery and milky sweetness of bread, and as much as it hurt him to admit it, being somewhat wealthy did have its advantages. Along with his sense of taste, Steve managed to expand his horizons on all of his favorite cuisines. Not everyone gets to say that they’ve eaten fried scorpion from Southeast Asia and Steve only halfheartedly regretted the choice. Despite all of the strangeness that emanated from foreign foods, Steve loved trying new things and desserts were among his favorites.
Steve took the pause that subsided between the two as an advantage to peer closer at the mystery person’s eyes. They were a mesmerizing, chocolate-hazelnut brown, and if Steve looked hard enough, he could count every single one of the stars’ reflection glistening inside them. Each individual flicker of glowing white and yellow, stood out against the midnight-black of their pupils, forming the picture of a practical fairytale inside Steve’s vision and mind — and he just couldn’t help but be absolutely captivated to an infinite extent. The sheer beauty of this stranger was unpredictably but also familiarly overwhelming.
“Ouch, no need to be so harsh,” Bucky pouted but snickered anyways. “It’s our job as best friends to absolutely annihilate each other’s bowels. Your ‘best friend’ doesn’t do that to you?”
The blond blushed furiously and ignored him as he entered the throne room, making a quick beeline for the grand staircase in a rush to his room.
“Thank you so much, Pepper.” Steve painfully respired. “Thank you. Again. I… I promise to do my best.”
He preheated his oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit and hurried back to his simmering sirloin. As stupid as it was to admit it, Tony had never been even remotely satisfied whenever he worked for Obie, Howard, or any of those other snobby rich restaurant owners. He’s tried working at a low-paying fast food retail job before and that definitely did not take away any of the problems that he had encountered while working at more high-end jobs. On the contrary, it probably just
The prince almost rolled his eyes in front of his new, absurdly-beautiful acquaintance. He knew he shouldn’t have worn such a mask as flashy as the red, white, and blue one he already had on.
Maybe he hadn’t had the dessert in his mouth long enough because suddenly the flavors blossomed in his mouth, and the food almost fell out of his mouth as he sat there with his jaw dropped to the floor. By the flavors and texture of the dessert itself, Steve recognized it and realized that he’s had this food before. But he knew that in the past, whenever he had had this dish, it didn’t taste nearly as extraordinary as the one he was eating right now. As Steve swallowed, he could accurately pick out the faint sprinkle of cocoa powder, the slab of heavy cream, and sugared chocolate all stacked together to form the almost ice-cream-like touch and taste of the dessert. And then the flavor of coffee erupted.
“I got approached by and offered a deal with a talent scout last night after you… left. He told me that he wanted to take me to Broadway for a real job. A real acting gig.”
Steve glowered at his best friend, “Bucky, for the last damn time: I’m fine. Go enjoy your dinner with everyone else, I’m staying here to finish this stuff up no matter what you do or tell me. You could try dragging me down to the lobby for all I care, it’s still not going to work.”
“So, I’m assuming the reason why it has a giant chunk cut out of it is because you ate some of it for breakfast?”
for an entire week. He’s never tried it but Steve knows that he’s never going to forget last month where his stomachache lasted over a whole day just because of all the poor-quality food that he’d consumed.
Something was odd about this stranger... Something about those eyes just seemed so familiar... Steve felt like he could stare into them for all of eternity and yet, still feel deprived of their elegance. However, he knew that this wasn’t the first time that he felt this way about someone’s eyes. But he just couldn’t place his finger on when the other time was.
Steve beamed lightly as he planted his lips on Tony’s marvelous and sweet-tasting ones once more, cherishing it deeply, as he reached down to grip the genius’ hand.
“I really do love him, more than anything, Pepper. If you could just give me a chance to prove it. Just one is enough, and if he doesn’t want to listen, I’ll stop bothering you guys.”
“Thanks, Tones,” Steve let out a breath that he didn’t realize he was holding. “You’re absolutely amazing on stage—actually, you should probably get back out there, shouldn’t you?”
“Schedule an appointment with me, any time, any day; just be on time.” She told the group as she dusted off her skirt to leave. “And Steve? Good luck. You’re going to need it. After all, we’re all just hoping for the best here. Tony included.”
, in my heart. You have been in my heart ever since I met you and I certainly never let you leave it when I left you that day. You were always there for me, and no matter how badly I wanted to be there for you, no matter how badly I wanted to be by your side through everything life was intending to throw at us — I had left, but only physically. And that’s where I fucked up. I left you behind physically but I would never let you leave my heart. And I never did because I’m here now, to ask you to come back into my heart and my life, but physically because you had never truly left either of them in the first place.”
Chuckling, Steve shook his head as he fondly listened to Tony’s complaints until the small mob of people eventually began to disperse.
“Every time. Even if I was offered a better offer than that for a million more times. I still would given it all up,
“Then prove it.” She declared in a harsh, even tone. “If I were to give you one choice, one option, one move, just one simple action, in order for you to express that you still cared for him, what would it be? How would you show that you still loved him after all this time; how would you even start an attempt to win him back in the absolute most sincere, caring, and passionate way possible? What would you do, in a way that you can describe in four words or less?”
because he thinks that he made you feel not worthy of his attention and his love when he’s actually listening to his father for once, trying to get on his good side, so he could actually have the chance of being with you later on!”
Promptly after the final note of “Who Lives, Who Dies, Who Tells Your Story,” the audience erupted in applause in order to shower the performers in their absolute awe of the performance.
Clint grudgingly allowed Bruce to watch over the bowl and slumped, slightly miffed, back against the couch, next to Sam and Bucky.
Steve ignored Tony and Clint as they began to argue over who should hold the popcorn bowl — “Clint, you
get accepted, I’ll be off to work for him and I won’t have any money troubles whatsoever once I do!”
“Oh yeah, I almost forgot,” Tony smiled and pushed his face into Steve’s, locking their lips. “Happy Four-Year Anniversary, Steven Grant Rogers.”
“Are you done yet?” He questioned the brunet with one eyebrow perked up at him. “Cause I’d much rather be kissing you with my entire life force right now, than be forced to hear you downgrade yourself like this.”
“I mean, I was going to ask you either way,” He argued with his wife. “It’s just, I was so far away from you at the time and you just happened to be already riding horseback all the way to Americandia from freaking Redinaroom— so what if you asked first?”
He resumed, his words becoming softer with each sentence, “I’m not going to beg for his forgiveness, especially since I don’t deserve it. And kissing him will at least give him a hint of how badly I want him back; by showing him that I still love him, that I still care for him, and that all of me has always been his forever, despite what I had done or said before. It’ll at least get his attention. Maybe he’d even be willing to comprehend at least a bit of what I’m trying to tell him. That I just fucking love him so much, and that I had never stopped loving him more than anything on this fucking world. I love him more than my own life.”
ovens and that many differently-sized knives? Because he’s a millionaire and can afford it, that’s why.
“Ma, that’s entirely untrue, and you know that.” Steve sighed, a small smile inching onto his face as his mind began to fill up with thoughts of Tony. “He could never be stupid because every royal family in this world knows that he is by far, the most brilliant and creative royal to be born and raised, in centuries. He’s just too incredibly clever, especially for someone like me.”
Now all that the genius could do, is wait in his dorm room, try not to create a hole in the ground with his foot’s constant tapping, and hope that Steve understood what Tony was trying to tell him: That he was overly-idiotically in love with him and was too much of a coward to openly admit it to the blond’s face.
“Goddammit, Steve!” Tony pried Steve’s hand off of his mouth as they began to playfully wrestle. "I was so fucking worried — don’t you ever do that to me again, you hear me?!”
The couple were best friends already and the last thing Steve wanted on Earth was to screw that all up so for four years, he kept his secret crush to himself and watched from the sidelines as Tony dated and looked truly happy with other people. He tried dating other people himself, of course, but the only people who wanted to be with him were girls who suddenly took an interest in him after his sudden growth spurt in the middle of high school that transformed him into a 6’ 2’’ dork in a model’s body. All of hell knows that he’d rather stay single forever than hook up with one of those girls who only chased boys for their looks and their money.
more recent offers, ranging from photographs from the late 1800’s to autobiographies by today’s famous celebrities. Almost every single person’s hands within the library, including the ladies behind the front desk, were grasping a book with their noses buried a foot into it.
“Shit, when did you get so charismatic, Steve?” Tony giggled. “Usually, I’m the one charming the fuck out of people.”
And if he had to stay in New York City for the rest of his life and never get the chance to travel anywhere else in the world, as long as he could still stay in contact with Tony, he would be perfectly content. Steve wasn’t willing to lose the one good thing in his life so soon even though their graduation day just kept getting closer and closer.
Yet, Steve couldn’t remember the last time that he had Italian, much less Italian dessert, that wasn’t from Howard Stark’s restaurants. It had never been one of his favorite cuisines and only Howard Stark’s places served Italian that was worth its price. And even if Steve used to frequently visit Howard’s establishments, he almost always ordered the same Italian dish there for it was by far, in Steve’s opinion, the best option of Howard’s entire menu. Everything else Italian that Steve had ever tried always ended up being too cheesy or had too much sauce. Screw him for being picky, and he hated it because it reminded himself of how snotty and wealth-influenced he’s become but Bucky had always told him that the was allowed to have an opinion, even if it was just about how there was gorgonzola cheese on his authentic-Italian pizza instead of mozzarella. But Steve trusted his friend, and if Rhodey said it was worth a shot, he was more than willing to give it a try - especially when he was this hungry and hadn’t had a proper dinner in a week.
friend made that! And the last time I’ve ever gotten diarrhea was right after one of your barbecue cookouts!”
“I told him that someone was here to see him,” She informed Steve’s tense form. “Go get ‘em, tiger.”
’ ever since elementary school,” Steve groaned as he sat down on the bench next to Tony. “But that’s fine, if it means I get to spend the rest of my life with you — then I’ll happily live through it.”
Dark bruises littered over his body, and gashes, cuts, scraps, everywhere; most likely etched upon his beautiful face by the glass bottle of liquor that Howard Stark always carried around with him. He possibly had also received a concussion, a few broken ribs, a swollen eye, and he probably had been in so much emotional stress that he couldn’t sit up for at least a week, much less properly sleep and eat.
The brunet innerly groaned in frustration; no decent chef could even think of cooking in such a high-tech kitchen if it was this dirty. If Rogers is expecting for Tony to prepare his some food worthy of his money and status then Tony would have to let him know that he’d need to at least clean up the kitchen first if he wanted to use the many alluring kitchen appliances and tools that littered around the room; they were practically beckoning Tony’s name and his fingers itched to finally grasp a hold of them, especially that coffee-machine. It probably had a whole AI built into it that announces when a person’s coffee is ready in a steamy female voice. Maybe Tony should stop imagining everything in a millionaire’s kitchen to have a voice and a thought process - some ideas invented in the kitchen were just never meant to be.
sauce, and his mind wandered over to the topic of his salary. He unquestionably wasn’t making any money presently, and he definitely wasn’t going to make any extra cash by giving his neighbors free
“That — That’s exactly what I was going to do this evening, too.” The stranger said as he referred to someone else. “I told myself that I had to tell him the truth and confess my feelings for him, regardless if he returned them or not.”
Thoughts and contemplations of the past and the future like these, were what drove the blond crazy with bittersweet melancholy and quiet thankfulness; both directed at the universe and its ever-confusing ways of carrying out its plans for each individual’s destinies. Although Steve knew that his boyfriend had never believed in fate, — or “that bullcrap,” as Tony liked to refer it as, — he had always learned from his mother to wholeheartedly trust the cosmos’ constant judgement. And currently, Steve had never been so glad that he had listened to her, because now — after all the hardships and setbacks that he had ever faced in his life — he was finally being rewarded with the company of something, or rather, someone, that had truly made everything he had ever suffered through, all worth it.
Suddenly, the blond realized something as his mind reignited and recalled a statement from a few minutes before that he had left unfinished.
“Not at all,” Rogers promised him and Rhodey shook his head in agreement. “Everything was as perfect as that
Is this what Steve’s mind has become? Will there ever be any minute where his thoughts aren’t consumed by this certain brunet that managed to capture the hearts of and charm the fuck out of everyone around him? Is this what was meant to happen? For his head and heart to become so obsessed that he couldn’t tell that the clock always sped up by 400% when he was around Tony or that the worst days on in the history of planet Earth—where his professors would just constantly pile up useless information for him to study—could instantly be fixed and suddenly become a million times better just with Tony’s simple but genuine smile?
A short break started for the two as “Satisfied” began to play on stage and Pepper Potts began to belt out in her powerful and entrancing voice.
Their current scenario consisted of something that felt too fictional — too much like a fantasy to be truly real. It was almost like if Steve just closed his eyes or drifted off in some way, he would wake up, only to find out that it was all just a complex dream — one that he created in his mind just to fill the empty hole in his heart — a hole that had been filled ever since he had met Tony because he was almost absolutely sure that what his life was right now, was totally and completely real. Still, it didn’t
“Thank you for understanding. And for being willing to listen,” Steve added. “And for giving up some of your precious time to hear me out.”
“This is unbelievable, Tony.” Steve exhaled in awe. “It’s stunning. I can’t believe you did all this.”
Just merely observing Tony’s sparkling like crystals while he stared at all the enormous, golden and pink clouds in the sky and his tranquil surroundings — with the cutest expression on his face in the history of humankind, — made Steve smile like a child who had been just gifted free cake.
At first, Steve wasn’t sure what to expect of the taste. He could tell that there was some kind of powdered chocolate or something on the top so he mostly thought that it would taste like chocolate. Additionally, the piece that Steve had sliced from his fork was extremely light, not thick at all, which was definitely not how the cakes that Steve was used to eating behaved.
entered his mouth and came into contact with his taste buds, he wasn’t exactly surprised or in shock of how wonderful the flavor was like Rhodey had promised he would be. In fact, it was quite ordinary: lightweight and fluffy, with a combination of vanilla and chocolate flavored-base with some sort-of cream filling. Honestly, it was quite nice and Steve was very open to eating some more o—
Rushing water flowed underneath the bridge, mixing in with the natural sounds of the surrounding environment and the soft breathing of the two princes. Birds chirped and sang aloft their heads, the branches draped overhead rustled as a calm wind flew through them, and speckles of fire-orange sunlight soaked the emerald-colored grass in spots that seeped through the leaves of the tree above. Wild flowers and berry-bushes dotted the ground in vivid bursts of color and a faint, indescribable but pleasant, smell streamed through the air; the radiance of the entire sight constructed an almost romantic aura that enveloped the area in a welcoming warmth.
After all, his mind was completely set on only one specific guest — who he couldn’t even find in the midst of his own overly-vibrant party.
Steve scoffed under his breath. What would the genius even see in him other than a huge arts dork in the wrong body but weirdly enough, also the captain of the Columbia Lions Football team? He knew for a fact that Tony could care less about sports and that Tony would probably build an invincible, iron suit before he even would consider going on a date with Steve.
After all, Tony admitted to himself, he should have expected for it to be hard to resist absolute perfection. Especially when it’s in human form.
Now with Pepper’s approval, there was no possible way that he was going to screw his only chance up.
The brunet pushed past the remaining crowd of bodies all scrounging for a glimpse of the casting list until he could finally get a clear view. As he peaked at the paper, his curious expression froze in an unbelieving stare that Steve thought was inhumanely cute. He counted exactly fourteen total seconds for the brunet to finally come to his senses and when he finally did, Steve expected Tony to be ecstatic about the role that he got until—
The red-headed assassin shrugged as she blew at her cup of freshly prepared hot cocoa, “Well, at least you learned your lesson. I’m just surprised that you didn’t even try to prank them back.”
“Goddamnit,” Steve whispered as his eyes traveled up and down his boyfriend. “Tony, remind me to close my eyes next time you decide to look this beautiful. I think, I might just go blind.”
you that he is not going to turn into your father! On the other hand, if you do accept, I can promise you that you won’t regret taking this job at all!”
This beautiful, brilliant, absolute-captivation of a person had just gotten the lead role in a huge campus-round musical and he cared more about whether his best-friend had gotten in than his own personal, and well-deserved, success.
His boyfriend had the audacity to cheekily roll his eyes and Tony scoffed at the sight, tugging the blond into the maze of amusement rides and prize booths — because for once, he could be wasting the night away without a care in the world.
With a swift spring back onto his feet, the brunet slid off of the table he was resting on and strolled over to the non-fiction section of the library, scanning its shelves for a potential pastime to indulge himself in. When he didn’t find a single title that interested him or a subject that he wasn’t already an expert in, Tony found himself casually making his way over to the fiction-based area.
“I’m glad that you and the others are worried about me, Buck, but I’ll be fine. I’ve got leftovers and some
The couple was standing somewhere in the capacious field of Central Park; strangers filed past them as they shouted and spoke in excited tones, each one of them eager to enjoy the last bit of the day at the traveling-carnival.
“Liar,” Steve shot his best friend a look as he cautiously accepted the food from Rhodey’s hands. “Since when were you the optimist around here?”
If Steve was going to lose Tony to a random stranger tomorrow, he was going to spend and treasure as much time of the next evening as possible with the brunet first, not caring whether the other prince would hate him for it or not.
So naturally, the brunet found himself inching closer and closer to Steve each time he sat down next to the football player for lunch, despite his mind profoundly warning him to refuse the urge to. Every attempt at a release of the grip that Steve’s enchanting personality had on him only drove Tony deeper into his heart-aching longing for the blond.
A sleepy murmur whisked through Tony’s parted lips, “You could never ruin anything, Steve. If anything, you make everything and everyone around you thousands of times better than they were before. I promise you. You’re one of the best fucking people I’ve ever m...”
“Doesn’t matter,” Steve murmured into Tony’s ear, drowning out the cars and the wind in the background. “I’m going to repeat it every second of every single day, if that’s how I have to remind you how much I love you… — I love you.”
Being social, compared to his critical thinking and engineering abilities, was never — and presumably never will be — his strong suit. Especially when Tony grew up with such a cold and uncaring father like Howard, that never even bothered to greet his son when he arrived home from a business trip.
Steve, undisturbed by the archer’s faintly sour mood that he knew would disappear once he got distracted with watching the movie, arched an eyebrow as he glanced at the animation playing on their screen, “Didn’t we watch that a couple of years ago, already?”
And when Tony persisted in doing everything he conceivably could to ensure that both of them got into the same college together, Steve had finally snapped to his senses and realized that he was chest-deep in love with the genius.
“Seriously, Thor?” Tony frowned as he looked up to face the dangling, taunting piece of mistletoe hanging above the living room’s doorway.
A groan escaped his lips before he could muffle it, and Steve slumped down into his office chair. He couldn’t remember the last time he’s eaten a proper dinner since all his suppers this past week has merely consisted of leftovers from lunch, frozen
For an instant, Tony was almost completely convinced that he was dreaming. Or maybe he had left Earth, altogether.
Tony had repaired the pendant out of the pure-goodness of his heart, and Steve had always known about the unstated kindness of his actions, no matter how many times Tony had denied it as a favor that he had owed to the Americandian Queen. The straightforward act of thoughtfulness he had exhibited on that day had just confirmed the suspicions Steve was having about his feelings. Since then on, each selfless, charitable, and good-natured deed that Tony conducted, shifted the key another click in the lock to Steve’s heart.
He gave his best friend a bone-crushing hug and waved him goodbye as Rhodey’s face disappeared through the cracks of the elevator doors.
“You’re good,” the genius replied as he rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment. His fingers tingled in the spot where he had felt the blond’s skin against his.
But Rhodey and Bucky were already too far gone into the idea. Possibly the thought of their friend actually getting to eat an adequate meal every night was more than enough to convince them to make the decision for Steve.
“It’s a fun tradition, is it not?” Thor beamed at him expectedly as they were both standing under the mistletoe — accidentally.
The genius’s mouth curled upwards into an ambitious smile that appeared when he suddenly decides to challenge the extent of the world’s technology that Steve recognized and knew all-too-well.
“Couldn’t agree more,” Tony beamed as the blond began to shuffle away from their momentary position in-between the fiction-filled bookshelves.
“Again, don’t worry, Steve. I’ve got the perfect person in mind. They’re a personal friend of mine and I assure you, they cook the best food I’ve ever eaten in my whole life and you shouldn’t be worried whatsoever about letting them into your house’s kitchen. The food that he makes is so worth it.”
Tears threatened to leak out of the corner of Steve’s eyes and he wiped them away quickly, silently hoping that no one had seen him.
Tony smirked with the same loving spark in his eyes that Steve recognized in his own eyes whenever he looked at his reflection while he was around the brunet.
He promised himself that he would never take everything that he had for granted and he never did as he learned to be thankful for every little smile and every small gesture of kindness and friendship that Tony displayed towards Steve. It was unlikely for the brunet to ever get so close with someone and Steve had never been more grateful for being one of the few people in the entire universe who had been gifted with that power. The only cruel catch was when reality slapped him across his cheek and reminded him that he was only Tony’s best friend.
The genius smirked mischievously as he seized the humongous popcorn bowl that the whole team shared, “Good. That means more for the rest of us you popcorn-hog,”
“And why is the lead role suddenly so important?” Tony grumbled in frustration. “Tiberius Stone just got cast as Maria—“
hog the bowl! If anything, it’s Thor who keeps eating all of the popcorn because of his huge appetite!”
Warm, sparkling brown eyes stared up at him as the person currently in his arms smiled and led him across the dance floor, their feet automatically moving in the desired directions. A golden and cardinal-red mask framed the stranger’s eyes and covered the upper half of his face in a glittering composition of iron-like metal and bits of sparkling gems, that twinkled like constellations under the aureate and flourishing glow of the chandelier above their heads. The only things brighter than this person’s mask were the shimmering, hazel eyes that they possessed — the exact ones that were looking up, charmingly, at Steve.
“Absolutely not.” Pepper announced to Steve for the second time. “You’re not going anywhere near him. You broke his heart, and he’s still feelings the effects of you leaving, even to this day.”
“Uh, Nat, I wouldn’t drink that if I were you,” Tony eyed her mug warily as he looked around for any signs of two certain full-grown, giggling men hiding behind the doors or walls.
“It is! Now hurry up and check it, you obnoxiously-tall idiot! I can’t see over your shoulder!” Tony ushered him on.
If the brunet wanted an effective way of communicating his dumb feelings to this incredibly-amazingly-talented god of a college student, he was going to have to do something much more of his style; something that didn’t include walking straight up to Steve and blurting out random, incomprehensible words that would probably just make him weirded-out enough to walk away.
“Bucky, it’s not poisoned. You can set it down now,” Rhodey made an unimpressed face. “Let Steve just try it already. I promise it’s not going to kill him.”
“What the absolute-fuck?!” Tony exclaimed as his face flushed an angry shade of pink. “Why the hell was Tiberius Stone casted as Maria Reynolds?! That fucking guy has the attitude and personality of a female dog: A complete bitch!”
The blond instantly blushed at the mention of Tony’s pet nickname for him; even after all the flirting and compliments that he had endlessly showered the genius with all evening, Steve was still able to blush at the subtlest word that Tony said. It was confounding how he still got flustered even after hearing Tony calling him “cupcake” for years, neither did he know why he called him that, but he loved the brunet for it, nonetheless.
The last time that Steve had eaten an exotic dessert was a couple of months ago when he had tried Chinese red bean pudding and as expected, he had loved it. It didn’t take much to win Steve over with some strange sweets or impress him with some tropical recipes due to the standards that he grew up with during his childhood. And now that the was all grown up, Steve had still managed to keep that youthful love of sugar along with him into his life as an adult.
“I found this place not too long ago and I’ve been fixing it up little-by-little each time that I’ve visited the castle.” Tony revealed to him, his voice barely discernible. “I’m not a carpenter or a blacksmith, but I’ve managed to patch up the broken and rusted railing, reapply the paint, and reinforce the structure of the bridge. The only thing that I haven’t replaced yet, are the wooden boards.”
His head pounded as his memories raced him back a year to the day that Steve had left early from Tony’s mansion, believing that his boyfriend was ditching him to hang out with one of his stupid ex’s when really, it was actually one of Stark Industries’ most important, private business meetings scheduled that year; one that he was being forced to attend by his father. And when Tony skipped out on the meeting to chase after Steve in a frantic, desperate attempt to apologize, Howard had caught him and decided that on that day he had enough of his son’s behavior.
“S-sorry, misters.” One brave kid out of the bunch apologized to the two superheroes. “W-we didn’t m-mean to hurt y-you.”
“Oh, shut up,” He laughed lightly. “I don’t need to know the whatever theorem of calculus, just let me quietly celebrate in peace.”
“Uh-huh, sure, babe, sure,” Tony sighed contently as he buried himself deeper into Steve’s embrace. “But we both know that I’m right
More smashes and sounds of breaking ornaments and glass echoed through the halls of the tower before the racket finally settled down to some disturbing sounds of heavy breathing.
It was a moment of absolute perfection. The taste of caffeine reentered Steve’s mouth again as he shut his eyes and clasped the back of Tony’s neck. Their bodies met in the middle and pressed against each other — like polar magnets attracting each other together, like two ends of a knot — after being forced too long apart. He felt his skin shiver from the genius’ bare touch but continued holding onto him, his hunger for his contact growing more evident than ever. A sudden shift of Tony’s figure caused Steve to pick him up and the brunet obeyed by wrapping his legs around the blond. With their posture in Steve’s favor, he diligently slammed Tony into the wall behind him without pausing to disconnect their lips. When they were both drained out of breath, the two detached and rested their foreheads against each other.
