The allegations against Joseph Braithsworth, for lack of a better word, is written in short, precise words that does nothing to alleviate the severity of the crimes he has been accused of. For several years, he’s been cutting corners to save costs, bribed councils to ignore his environmental fines and has refused compensation to injured workers.  Twenty years ago, the courts declared that Sansburr Industries were not to be held accountable that a large number of their employees were developing respiratory, kidney or brain failure, or mesothelioma, a rare cancer that attacks the lungs, chest cavity or abdomen, despite several professionals pointing out that this was most likely due to severe Asbestos exposure. Not only did he win the battle in court, but he was awarded millions in compensation. In addition, the author of the list indicates that Joseph Braithsworth had been enjoying several vacations to Thailand, without his wife and daughter. There is even a picture of him, a large, pasty man with his arm around a skinny youth.
The media had not been subtle in their speculations that this problem was far larger than the meager numbers offered by the investigation and that it not limited to junior Alpha officers. The problem, some claimed, had roots to the higher ranks. This was organized and widespread. It was an endemic. The Independent had gone so far as to speculate if the organized crime networks in England had the ability to infiltrate and manipulate the police at will.
During all this time Sherlock has not been able to figure out how to categorize and appropriately deal with these unnecessary feelings for John.
Her brother lets go of her hand as soon as they reach the main entrance. He scurries inside and quickly forgets that moments ago he had been on the verge of tears. Saanvi follows him down the corridor until they reach the large-double doors to the gym.
“Yes, sir, of course.” Yu Kosaki gestures for them to take a seat around the conference table and then punches a button on a remote control, bringing to life a large television screen mounted on one wall.
It’s the sudden, loud, hiccupping kind of crying that makes it seem like the end of the world is nigh. The sound makes Sherlock leap away from him and stare at Sam as if he’s a bomb that needs to be defused. Even Lestrade looks startled and like he suddenly wants to be anywhere else.
Some minute changes have been made to chapter 13 for consistency, but it doesn´t require a reread. Let me know if you find any other consitency errors.
“It’s an easy enough fix,” John says to break the silence, “should have it running in a few minutes.”
“This is the News, headlines at 9 o’clock. Police struggles to contain the violence, that started around noon after news spread on social media of…. So far we have to confirmed death, as the riot has spread from London to other major cities. The Prime Minister is saying that thousands more police will be deployed on the streets.”
He tries his the first approach: to make Sherlock see things from John’s point of view. “Well, not long ago he was kidnapped by a madman, had a semtex vest filled with explosives strapped to his chest, and now this same madman has just made himself known again. Maybe it’s dredged up memories from his time in the army, maybe he’s more rattled than he’d care to admit, maybe he needs some time to…. compartmentalize.”
"The gruesome murder of a teenager boy in south-London has garnered a lot of attention in recent days, not only due to the violent nature of the crime, but also because this is the latest in a string of violent crimes where the primary suspect is an Alpha, or involved with one. Usually the Alpha and Omega coexists peacefully within society and garner little to no attention, but this summer London has witnessed three Alpha-related deaths. While some are claiming that the Alpha cannot be blamed for actions that are beyond its control, others ask if we should allow these individuals to remain unchecked. Perhaps they should be in a register, like former offenders."
After that session with Doctor Fenway, Mycroft had ensured that his records were sealed and destroyed and that he wouldn’t need to suffer any further testing or evaluation. Doctor Fenway would not be allowed to study the youngest ever presented Alpha, no matter how much he wheedled and begged.
For a second, John thinks he sees Sherlock’s glacial calm crack and something cold and tight grips his chest. Maybe Sherlock doesn’t have it all figured out.  What if Moriarty has managed to move a few a steps ahead of him and Sherlock’s mind is racing to catch up? His belly rolls. If he hadn’t kept things from Sherlock- if he had only told him everything that went on in the room with Glen Reese, about Cobb’s taunts and his own theories, Sherlock wouldn't be sitting here trying to play catch up with the world’s only consulting criminal.
“Now,” Moriarty says, “I’m sure we’d all love to stay and talk about all this, but I figured I’d just show you how serious I am.”
“My name’s Mary Morstan, I was just giving Mrs. Hudson’s flat a bit of cleaning, it’s always nice to come home to a freshly cleaned flat, don’t you think?”
“ The last page,” Molly says, “it was one of those closed rooms mysteries you only ever read about. The place was trashed and both keys to the apartment were found -under- a bunch of magazines and books and photographs. That’s where they found the blood and vomit as well.”
It’s a practiced speech and Lestrade nods along to Edward’s words while Sally goes a step further and folds her face into a sympathetic frown.
“You could start with the names of Blithely’s list,” Sherlock taps Kosaki’s computer screen. “It seems likely that this was the source of the information he released.”
“Right,” John carefully eases Jane Hill against the wall. He wipes the blood off his hands on his pants.
“So the prison driver hands Simon Whitewell over to the execution committee at the school, who marches him into the gym and hangs him along with the rest of their intended victims. When they discover that he isn’t an Alpha, they decide to not take credit for the murders,” Lestrade summarizes. He places his empty cup on the coffee table and tucks his hands at the small of his back. “They could have figured it out when they didn’t find his name on the list or in the registry.”
John’s not sure what to say and he is glad that Glen just keeps rattling on and not letting him get a word in. “I think she always suspected there was something different about me. She always said I was such a docile child, you know, never climbing trees or getting into fights, more occupied with studying and getting good grades. Did you know that Doctor Fenway thinks that Omegas are so diligent and studious because it makes them more attractive as potential mates?”
“Unfortunate,” Sherlock replies. But not unexpected. If only Lee Finkle had spent less time playing games, if she had just told them what she knew.
John steals a glance at the crowd, and he tries to catch Sherlock’s eyes, but the Alpha is fully engrossed in his demonstration and the audience is hanging on his every word. Except for Crawford, who keeps glancing at the door. Is he looking for a way out, should things get heated? John frowns, but it’s impossible to read anything from Crawford’s studied poise.
“You're only sour because I bested you, you and that Alpha detective. He's not going to be able to resist you when you peak and then, then my Alpha will lose his interest in you and come back to me.”
“Sherlock. I need you at the Yard as soon as possible.” Lestrade’s voice is oddly distant, as if he’s distracted by something, though Sherlock cannot possibly imagine what is more important than proving John’s innocence and getting him released from prison (and back to 221B where he belongs.)
Even apartment 309 has gathered quite a crowd. People are pressing against the doorway to try and catch a glimpse of what is going on, eagerly sharing their theories. John has to elbow his way inside. He finds Lestrade talking to Albert Crawford, the latter swaying uneasily on his feet, his expression locked in an unpleasant grimace. John can’t tell if he’s nursing or nurturing a hangover.
Those with designation Alpha on their file had been the first to come under suspicion and the first to resign when things got heated.
“I can’t do this without him.  I need him, John. I need my Alpha! I love him and… and without him, I have nothing.  I am nothing.”
!). He wills himself to remain still, digs the sole of his shoes into the ground as if they can somehow anchor him to this spot and stop him from wrapping his hands around that…that
“Alphas do not work well with other Alphas. We are far too mistrusting for that. We’d fight for dominance. It’s highly unlikely that two Alphas should cooperate in such an elaborate venture that includes going through the effort of moving Simon Whitewell from his prison… No, the connection between our victims might very well be doctor Fenway, but they might be Omegas,” Sherlock says.
With a frustrated sigh, she rises from the chair and walks over to the door to the gym, her brother right at her heels.
John turns, startled that he didn’t hear her approach. Mary is standing at the foot of the stairs, smiling kindly at him. She is dressed in a black coat, a red scarf around her neck with matching red gloves. In the crook of her arm rests a large basket, the weight of it pulling on her arm.
“I read it, two days ago,” John says slowly, “it was given to me by a man named Glen Reese who wanted me to share my thoughts on it.”
"The situation that nobody speaks about, Mister Watson" Fenway says somberly, his eyes hard "is that it is still a common practice in many underdeveloped countries to Bind Omegas to Alphas as soon as they present. It is considered Human Trafficking, but there are far more Alphas than Omegas, and Omegas are being considered a valuable commodity."
He doesn’t manage to say anything else, because Sherlock instantly presses between them, expression murderous.
“I’m fine.” John insists in the way he slides his hands down Sherlock’s sides until they reaches the top of his pants.
John gathers the thread of his temper, but his mouth still feels like it´s made of cotton when he speaks.
“ We have a slew of charges against you.” Lestrade flickers through a stack of papers on his clipboard. “Impersonating an officer, stealing a police vehicle, accessory to kidnapping. You're looking at a long time in prison, but if you are willing to cooperate I may be willing to speak with the district attorney.”
There’s a quick rap against the door and the trio turn to stare at the flushed constable in the doorway (former pianist,  recently transferred to the Met, lives with a female roommate who just had a baby). Something that she sees in their eyes makes her wince. Sherlock notices her uncertaitny in the unhappy lilt of her lips before she stumbles through her words.
“You were always each other’s weakest link.” Mycroft turns away, looks at something on his smartphone. “You realize this makes your situation even more precarious.”
He combs a hand through his hair and rests his back against the wall in the dark corridor.  Maybe it’s time to just tell Sherlock the truth.  He’s spending all this time and energy trying to circumvent Sherlock acknowledging John’s feelings. If either of them says it out loud, it becomes real and unavoidable and neither of them can pretend that they aren’t real. What if he just tells him he’s an Omega, what is the worst that can happen?
“John,” Sherlock calls lazily from where he is crouched by the foot of Doctor Fenway’s massive Oxford desk. John can feel the corner of his mouth quirk in a quick, nervous, smile, and he huffs a laugh, hides his hands in his pockets, and walks carefully over to where Sherlock is working.
His throat is tight with anger of letting himself be fooled, to let himself get distracted To have John snatched away from him again.
“Right,” John repeats, feeling his patience strain against the constable’s presence, “if you don’t mind, I need to find DI Lestrade.”
Are they waiting until public opinion is such in their favour that they are not in danger of any real persecution?
Whatever detective inspector Dregs is about to say, drowns in the slam of the door that is suddenly pushed open. Sherlock rushes into the room closely followed by DI Lestrade, who is feebly clutching at Sherlock's elbow in an attempt to restrain him.  DI Dregs suddenly lets go of John’s arm, as if he’s been burned, and John immediately moves towards Sherlock. The response is automatic; he cannot stop himself from wanting to be closer to the Alpha. Sherlock’s eyes are stormy, anger flaring in them, bright and deadly. His arm slams across John’s chest forcing John into the corner of the room, behind his back, and separating him from DI Dregs and Lestrade.
“He vanished. We have him on CCTV where he’s running up the stairs, but he disappears from one camera to the next. They found a black raincoat, a black hat and one of those ski masks in a corner on the tube station. He probably shrugged his clothes off and blended into the crowd. They sent the clothes off to be analysed, but they didn’t seem very hopeful.”
“Oh,” Glen says quickly, raising both hands in the universal appeasing gesture. “I just told him I was meeting an old friend from school.” Glen smiles, and John thinks it looks genuine.
“By all means, Ms. Alton. You and your client are more than welcome to observe, and explain, the content of this highly suspicious package.”
When Glen Reese walks into his office at the surgery five days later, John knows he should have been prepared for it. He isn't, of course, because Sherlock is on the cusp of one of his epic sulks that is making John feel despairing and helpless in equal measures. He wonders when he became so tuned in to Sherlock that he cannot even separate his own emotions.
Sorry for the wait folks, but April and May are the worst months for teachers. There are papers to mark, final grades to set, exams, tears and tantrums. Luckily, summer vacation will soon be upon us!
“Her family seems convinced that her husband is guilty,” John says after reading a few of the witnesses statements, “that she wasn’t one to commit suicide, that’d it go against her Catholic faith.”
“Rather chilly this morning,” Sherlock comments, finding his way into Small Talk without even meaning to (as he so often seems to do with John). “Cold wind.”
Doctor Fenway makes a show of clearing his throat and shuffling his papers away, locking them in his desk.
John glances down at the folder still in his hands.  He´s read the same files and newspaper clippings as Sherlock. He´d been in the same room and heard the same story from Rose Williams.
She flicks through Lestrade’s report with an expression that would frighten small children. Whenever Lestrade is forced to visit Marlow’s office, he always leaves feeling guilty and incompetent, even if he has just closed a case with satisfactory results and within budget. Today he feels about as welcome as a recurrence of the Black Plague.
“Um…yeah,” Glen Reese offers with a tight grin. He takes a seat on the cot, but John seeks the relief of the cool concrete, placing his flushed palms against the smooth floor. He wants to remove his shoes and socks, he wants to feel the cool concrete under the soles of his feet, but being barefoot would impair any escape attempt.
“Maybe he’s doing it for a lark,” Lestrade offers, only half jokingly. Sherlock looks sharply at Lestrade. He’s obviously not considered this avenue of approach.
mentions of domestic abuse, violence, child abuse and pornography. It is none explicit and mentioned briefly in discussion with the case.
The three victims are suspended to the ceiling, a hangman’s’ noose around their necks. The ligatures from the rope encircles their neck, running from the midline above the thyroid cartilage symmetrically upward on both sides of the neck to the occipital region.
He studies the way John’s eyes twitch under his sleeping eyelids and wonders what events are replaying in John’s subconscious. The kidnapping? Has it brought forth the memory of Moriarty strapping him in an explosive vest? Is he back in Afghanistan?
"Detective inspector," he says with a voice a few degrees below freezing point. "This way, if you’d please." With a thin hand, he beckons Lestrade to follow him down a long, sleek corridor. Lestrade simply nods and follows, hunching his shoulders against the cold.
John wipes a hand down his face, his thoughts racing every which way, “why…” he clamors for his composure, “why go through all this trouble to…what, get your revenge?”
John closes his eyes, suddenly beset with memories. Something roars in his ears, there’s the taste of sand in his mouth, the weight of rope around his neck. He swallows, forces himself to stare at the pictures, to let his medical knowledge provide him with a detailed step-by-step of the victim’s last moments. The loss of control of his own body and his senses. Flashes of lights flaring across the eyes, white noise in the ears, the struggle to regain control of your wits, the final, logical cruelty is the knowledge that you cannot do anything to help yourself. Then comes the final, merciful moment where the loss of consciousness is so rapid that it almost makes it a painless death. Then follows the stages of convulsion, the face livid, eyes prominent, and a violent vicious struggle. Respiration stops before the heart does, which may continue to pump blood for another 10 to 15 minutes.
He starts walking backward towards the exit, dragging the band along with him across the room. The audience is silent, watching, even the little dog has stopped fussing.
Sherlock closes the files and shoves them towards Lestrade, who catches them just in time to stop them from sliding over the edge of the bed.
John pulls his wet collar away from the back of his neck, glad for the temporary coolness against his skin.
“It’s fine,” John says, because he doesn’t really want Glen Reese to worry about John and his Alpha.
She’s unable to narrow his myriad of worries down to one single sentence. John all alone in a flat full of memories. The inevitable nightmares that would follow when you witness a loved one throw themselves to their death. Would John manage to soldier on or would he fall to pieces? Sherlock had been confident that John would manage, but Sherlock had for so long seen oblivious to the extent on John’s affection for him.
“Yes. I heard a thump one day, and went upstairs to see what was going on- found the poor dear unconscious on the living room floor. Gave me such a terrible fright. I called the ambulance and it came within seconds.”
Lestrade frowns, his eyes narrowing to slits, but he does’t prod. He’s known Sally Donovan for almost ten years, he’s seen her ups and downs, her strength and weaknesses. The last couple of years have seen her come into her true potential as a investigator. She’s efficient, relentless and there were rumors about a potential promotion. Lestrade doesn’t want to sabotage that because of her tendency to form those unfortunate romantic liaisons, that have developed into something of a legend down at the Yard.
“This is all for show,” Sherlock says, nodding his head to general mess of the office. “The murderer wanted to hide what he was here for, what he took.”
“The school ground is closed and the children are sent home. The staff gathers in the teacher’s lounge- the call for reinforcement from London is made. I arrive at 09:30- I call you and inform the police commissioner and get a hold of Thompson and then I get request every available resource: constables, officers, crime scene technicians, canine patrol and…well, here we are.”
“Sure,” Yu Kosaki scribbles the words down on a post-it. “You are looking for people employed in these professions?”
I am happy to be able to keep my promise of not letting another month go before I update.  Thank you to all of you who keep giving me comments, it is what fuels my passion for writing this story. You´re the best and I hope you will stick with me, even as we pass the 60k mark and start approaching the last few chapters (I am not sure how long this story will be, probably 90-100k).
“I… yes?” Allen Farren stutters.  John can empathize with the sensation of suddenly having to doubt your own life story after Sherlock Holmes picks it apart in seconds.
Lestrade tries to catch John’s attention. John is always more obvious with his thoughts and feelings and he’s always able to broadcast some of Sherlock’s thinking. John catches his gaze, arches his brow and gives a shrug Lestrade isn’t sure how to interpret. Is it an “all is well” shrug, is it an “I’ve no idea what he is thinking” shrug?
He knows that John takes his coffee with too much milk and two cubes of sugar. John doesn’t like his coffee white and sweet, but he indulges because he can, and out of some sort of asinine sentiment for the deployed men and women who are still chewing sand and instant coffee grain. He learns how the only decent shirt John owns is at least eight years old and has never been worn because it was given to him as a birthday present by his sister before Harriet lost her job as rising star attorney and her wife to alcoholism. John keeps the shirt because it’s the last gift he got from his sister before the two fell out over Harriet shirking her responsibilities and duties and John embarking on his for Queen and Country.
There are four large desks, groaning under the weight of computer equipment. The only person in the room that John recognizes is Yu Kosaki, the rest of the crew are all strangers. She’s at her desk, staring at the screen and chewing on a pencil. She leaps to her feet as soon as Lestrade clears his throat.
“It’s difficult to think straight when you’re in danger,” Sherlock confesses and he hears the sound of his own heartbeat in those words. John’s hands fall still under his and he sees how John has to fight to keep his face blank.
Burrell rubs his forehead. “And you’d recommend me?” He stares at him with a tremendous amount of doubt.
What happens next seems to happen too far away; like there’s a telly in the background you’re not really paying attention to. He sees the gurney being lowered down onto the rails, while curious onlookers pull out their phones to capture every second. The gurney is hoisted back onto the platform, with Sherlock’s dark form strapped to an orange board. He’s wrapped in a blanket and there are tubes and wires attached to his body.
“That’s right, Peter,” the woman says, “but we have also spoken with people who think that this eruption was inevitable. They have tried the peaceful route to enforce the changes they deem necessary, and when the government turn them down, they will use the only available tool necessary to them.”
“Bloody hell,” John mutters, “if he manages to rally all these people, who are usually content to rant on the internet, his case might really have some serious support.”
He squeezes his eyes shuts and holds his breath long enough to quell the bile of emotions building in his throat. He throws the covers back and tips himself out of bed. There’s no sense in lying around thinking and…feeling about things that are entirely out of his control. He’ll not give them any room. There will be time (and probably a good helping of beer , or something stronger) to sort through it all later. Instead he lets the scolding hot water from the shower beat it all out of him until he’s almost dizzy.
An hour or so later they are ready for round two. Sam unwraps art supplies from Mrs. Hudson and from Father Christmas there is a model launch tower and space shuttle. John’s been sensible and bought him new wellies, black with yellow bees on them, as well as an otter plush. Sherlock’s been equally sensible with a pair of green, finely knit gloves and glow-in- the-dark stars to put on Sam’s ceiling. Sam eats his breakfast, wearing new boots and gloves (and only gets a little bit of jam on the otter.)
John and Sherlock had been at Paradise Gardens at four pm. When had the fire started? Was it likely that they were still there? Or had they returned to Baker Street.
“I think,” Mycroft says, moving across the room and settling down in his chair. Violent images are still flickering across the television scene as the blazing inferno seems to be spreading across his city. Burning busses and cars, shops and offices set ablaze. On his tablet, images and reports ticks steadily in. They are just managing to contain the fires, but are unable to call in additional supports from other cities, because they fear the disorder will spread there. The Queen has aborted her holiday and is returning home to the country, but will stay in her home in Scotland. All available officers have been summoned, but many are unable to, or unwilling to answer the call.
And then it’s only John and the grave. John can’t make his legs work long enough to walk away. He needs to stay here, just  until he’s able to draw a proper breath, until the pain aches instead of twist.
Sherlock counts the points off his fingers with more drama than the situation actually warrants. But then again, he wouldn’t be Sherlock Holmes if he didn’t. “Whitwell could have been the name she chose? The hard drive was found hidden in Glen Reese’s lawn ornament in Lee Finkle’s garden. Finkle was both his doctor and his lawyer, so there was ample opportunity for Reese to… give this particular gift. As Reese’s lawyer, she would have legitimate reasons to visit Simon Whitewell in prison. Lee Finkle introduced Reese to the Support Group. We can safely assume this Group is responsible for carrying out the murders. Lee Finkle was obviously frightened and upset about what was happening, as evident by her behaviour outside Baker Street and on the train platform. She had brought a suitcase with her to the train station, indicating that she might have wanted to hand over the hard drive. She’s found dead and her office destroyed mere hours after she tries to talk to us. The only reason we are in possession of this evidence now is that Lee Finkle probably intended to secure herself with blackmail material against the murderers. In addition, we know there was a “lawyer” included in the group, pointed out by Finkle herself.”
“It’s just a trick,” Sherlock says. He moves with a dancer’s glide across the room, avoiding the books, magazines and tidbits he’s placed on the floor in a recreation of the crime scene. “It’s a clever trick, but I know how it was done. I know who the killer is.” He says the last part loudly and all eyes in the room snap to him.
“No,” John replies calmly, “and he’s not going to find out. You know there is a reason why we don’t go around announcing it.”
He opens the book, and is surprised to see that the first picture is of Sam, a few months younger, caught in a moment of unawareness as he’s watching something.
Instinctually they huddle together, and John slides a hand to the small of his back, wrapping around the hilt of his gun. It’s pitch black and with the heavy rain and a bitter wind, there’s not much he can do- crack shot or not.
Lestrade schools his features before his surprise becomes visible. They still haven’t been able to crack the system on Fenway’s hard drive. Why does Sherlock want him to bluff?
Sophie Barnes stops. Hesitates. Why isn’t the dog’s owner telling it to shut up? It’s going to wake up the entire neighborhood soon. Could it be injured?
She laughs, harsh and sharp, “your profile did say you had strong caretaking tendencies. It’s very omega of you,” she says the last part as if it’s something disgusting, and John anchors his anger in his fists.
“There’s something sticky around his mouth, and he’s had some facial hairs pulled. I’m going to take a swab for sampling, but I’d guess he was gagged with tape or something,” Molly says and Lestrade clears his throat a couple of times before he finds his voice.
“It does seem like something he would find amusing,” Sherlock replies, “Getting the whole of society opposed to Alphas.”
The noises behind Sherlock fades and he slowly removes his arm. Simon Whitewell falls to his knees, gasping, coughing and shaking.
“He’s confessed to his part in killing Doctor Fenway, but obviously there’s a bigger story behind it. Bloody Christ, this thing is complicated. He’s not in any shape to be questioned though, he was taken to Doctor Mizuno, who admitted him to hospital for further testing and observation. He’s under constant guard.”
He hears the catch in his own breath as Sherlock comes to stand beside him. There’s a thrumming in his body that he hasn’t felt for many years, that he was certain he’d never see again, his senses recognizing the presence of his Alpha.
“Fetch me a hard copy of the webpage,” Lestrade demands, “I need the information in my hands.” Lestrade makes a sweeping gesture with his right hand as if Yu needs a visual demonstration.
He thinks about Glen Reese and the beatific glow on his face as he talked about life with his Alpha. His mind can’t help but supply the helpful memory of Sherlock chiding him for the adjectives he uses in his blog and making it all sound like a romantic adventure. John wonders what other people see when he looks at Sherlock, and what Sherlock sees when he catches John’s gaze.
He watches John manhandle a large, cardboard box across the room. He stops. Holds his breath. Lestrade can see the muscles in his back dance under his sweater. Christ. They were both expecting Sherlock Holmes and now he’ll get to see John’s heart break all over again.
“Hello, John,” Lestrade fights to keep his face blank. Their eyes meet and John gives him little half smile, like they are a couple of old mates meeting up for a drink after a long day at work. As if it hasn’t been almost three years since they last saw each other.
: A brief discussion that hints at a past rape (though not in relation to the main pairing). It is not graphic or explicit.
Their progress towards 221 Baker Street is slow, but once they make it to Seymour Street, the crowds are thinning and the traffic is slowly dredging itself back to its regular afternoon pace. When they reach the doorstep the first drops of rain splash against the pavement.
“The killer planned to continue his established exhibition with Jane Hill. Display her body in some garnish way to get  attention, but Jane Hill recognizes her killer and makes a run for it. The plan had to change and Jane Hill eliminated, so he shoots her as she tries to flee. Who would Jane Hill recognize? Her only dealing with Moriarty was through the internet, but she did meet with one of his associates to collect the false identification and the uniforms,” Sherlock turns to regard the incident wall, hones his attention to the photographs of Jane Hill’s body.
Wasn’t this a prime example to the dangerous disadvantages to love? If his mind hadn’t been consumed with this red mist of rage, he’d have been able to disable the assailant easily. The judo certificate on his bedroom wall wasn’t just for show. They might have had the murderers captured, the whole Alpha mess put to rest and he could return to his study of bed mites that he had been forced to abandon at a critical stage-
Marlow rises from her desk and walks across her office to the great windows looking over the white mist of snow twirling in the air.
Molly shrugs, and resumes her attention to the head. For a few seconds, the only sound in the room is Lestrade’s feet against the linoleum floor as he shifts his weight from one foot to the other. Molly moves carefully around the dissection table, taking pictures and swabbing his nose, ears, along his eyes and inside his mouth. She takes samples of his hair and blood. She pries his mouth and shines a light down his throat. Lestrade tries not to think about how he can see the light´s reflection on the surface of the table. Instead, he thinks about the last time he saw Glen Reese alive.
"Get out of my way.” Burrell grabs hold of the collar of his white coat and for a moment he’s certain Burrell is going to toss him aside and he braces himself for the impact. But instead, his eyes grow small and calculating.
Lestrade walks the seventeen steps up to apartment B as slowly as he could, using the time to resign himself to the fact that Sherlock Holmes was actually back in England, in London, is this very flat.
“Doctor Watson,” Doctor Fenway says, still as calm as ever. John grits his teeth and glances at the woman in the doorway before placing the file back in Doctor Fenway’s open hand. Doctor Fenway smiles, and slides it into a drawer on his desk before locking it.
"You know, John…" Lydia starts. "Your father and I am really proud that you´ve set your heart of becoming a doctor and how well you´ve done in the ACF. I´m certain your mother would have been as well."
When he does wake, hours later he thinks, the chair is occupied by Lestrade and a stack of thick police folders.
“You…” John swallows, “you met a guy online who…told you how to murder Doctor Fenway, have me framed for it and have me…kidnapped from prison?”
John forces a smile at DI Lestrade, who is suddenly keenly interested in studying the condition of his shoes. Whatever has happened between these two, it needs to be resolved quickly.
Lestrade dredges up a smile and hides his eyes behind the rim of his cup. Will Sherlock ever realize how much suffering his friends must suffer due to his grand plan?
John can feel his cheeks redden; defiance curling along his spine, and it takes visible effort to regain his equanimity.
Sherlock suggests, and he is rewarded with a delighted squeal when the piece slots perfectly into place. It’s apparently enough for Sam to regard Sherlock with some tentative respect, because he gives Sherlock the next piece to place on the square. They work in tandem until the puzzle is complete, and then Sam giggles and turns the puzzle around, spilling wooden figures all over the floor.
The emergency services arrives seconds later. The ambulance personnel fall to their knees at Mrs. Hudson´s side, as John rattles off what he knows about the patient. Which isn´t enough. They are quick and efficient. An oxygen mask is secured around her head, bandages secures the wound.
What will Sherlock deduce about the bleak corridor, the sickly smell of waste and neglect in the corridor, the sounds emanating from behind the walls? The hundreds of minor and major crimes committed, hidden the public and the sleuth's eyes?
“Only if you’re an Omega,” Sherlock says, thankfully not looking at John. John fights the blush that spreads across his cheeks. He really doesn’t want to explain his complicated and unnecessary biology to Lestrade.
He reaches into the shoebox and scoops up the remaining cartridges and drops them into his jacket pocket; the gun cleaning kit goes into the other pocket. He tucks the gun into the waistband of his pants and then strides quickly out of John’s room and back down to the living room. Without pausing, he makes his way down the corridor and the seventeen steps that will take him down and out to Baker Street.
If Burrell notices his discomfort, he hides it well. His breath escapes in ragged pitches. “You don’t know what it’s like having…..it’s like you’ve got this gift, yeah? You’re quick and clever, can run faster and farther, you’re assertive, you’re fearless, right? It’s what the military wants, and then suddenly you’re ruthless, aggressive, a walking time bomb ready to go off and just attack the- and then the military just washes its hands off you.”
“That’s not the only thing that’s curious about this scene,” Sherlock adds with a knowing glint in his eyes. “Look at the blood splatter on the edges of the bathtub.”
Thompson pulls at the string at it slides loose. He then uses a scalpel to slice the sellotape and carefully peels open the wrapping paper.
John’s phone buzzes unstintingly and he feels his heart skip a beat when he sees Mycroft’s name on the display.
“Mr. Reese… ” John tries, attempting to sound reasonable, but suspecting that he is missing it by about a mile.  He thinks about Glen Reese’s Alpha, the man who had once towered over him in an alley outside the Student Union Pub and forced him to his knees. The man who would most certainly have raped him if Sam Milligan had not come to his rescue. Glen Reese is far better off without him.
“Well, isn’t this cozy?” Moriarty says with all the pleasantness of a vulture that’s just discovered a zebra with four broken legs, “I feel like we’re long overdue a chat.”
“Lestrade has news, they think they’ve identified another member of the support group” Sherlock says as he slides the food from the pan elegantly onto John’s plate, “I said we’d meet him after breakfast.”
“John!” he hears Lestrade call after him, but he’s already raising his arm at an oncoming taxi. He throws himself into the passenger seat. He’s wheezing for air and he presses a hand to his chest to still the thundering of his heart.
“Ann Lewis was packing, she was moving out.  She was measuring out the tape in even lengths and hanging them on the edge of the table so that the packing would go faster.  I imagine the twins had had some sort of quarrel on the topic and she wanted to get out of the house faster.”
For a moment they lock eyes through the window. It lasts for only two heartbeats, but it’s long enough for Sally to notice several things about the woman. There’s wrinkles along her eyes that makes her seem older than she probably is, beads of sweat prickles down her forehead and into her eyes, wild, wide and terrified. She hammers her fists on the glass and then points a trembling finger at Sally Donovan.
There’s a sudden silence on the other end and for a moment John wonders if DI Lestrade has hung up, or if he’s going to ask what sort of appointment John has at this hour.
For Sherlock’s Alpha, the one he’d seen a glimpse of when DI Dregs had cornered him in the interrogation room. The feral creature the detective keeps locked away and John cannot deny that he’d liked how they’d been drawn to each other, how Sherlock had permitted him to seek comfort in his presence. But John knows the gesture was mindlessly instinctive on Sherlock’s part.
“Do you go around signing his name often?” There’s amusement in John’s voice and Sherlock’s lips curl of their own accord.
No, they can’t pull him away yet, because Sherlock isn’t breathing! He’s a doctor, for Christ’s sake, he knows what he’s doing. Why are they trying to keep him away?
He stares at the paper until the letters start to swim and he rubs away the hazy dots in front of his eyes.
“Oh, sure,” John steps back to allow her entry and she crosses the threshold with a tight smile. She shuffles in, peering over his shoulder. John follows her gaze, but neither one of the occupants of the living room has moved an inch. Mary looks dressed for an arctic expedition. She’s wearing a thick sweater, a winter coat, hat and a pair of snow boots.
Sherlock blinks like an idiot. Only after a while, Sherlock finds his voice, though, apparently not his wits. “How?”
“The husband is always the first suspect,” Molly murmurs, “besides if his wife had a life insurance with a suicide clause, or a will with him as the primary recipient, he wouldn’t have seen a pence as long as he was under suspicion.”
A woman bursts out from the darkness and comes running down the street. She must be an athlete of some sort because she is running very fast. Sally rises and moves towards the bus doors to get a better view of the woman, half expecting an ax-wielding maniac to come chasing after her.
Does Sherlock know that John knows that he is in love with him? And if Sherlock knows that John knows he is in love with him, how can he possibly maintain silence on the matter?
A soft chime from his phone distracts him from his next train of thoughts. He opens his phone and finds a picture of Sam, a finger hooked into his bottom lip as he stares in wide-eyed wonder at a dinosaur skeleton. His expression prompts a polite cough from Molly.
John wipes a hand across his face again and then pinches the bridge of his nose. He can feel the first tentative throbs of a full on headache making its presences known behind his eyes. He wants to go home, and he wants to leave behind this small, cramped room with DI Dregs and his wretched aftershave. He wants to sink into his armchair with a good cup of tea and maybe, just maybe; Sherlock would play something for him.  Well, not for him. But he’d be playing, and John would be listening and pretending.
Several pairs of grim eyes observes them, accompanied by a ripple of whispers through the group. An empty beer can is thrown towards them but lands several feet short. It sends a wave of laugher through the crowd, but the next can lands near Lestrade's feet, spilling beer on his trousers. The crowd titters in mirth, and John hears the sound of a trashcan being knocked over, probably for easier access to more projectiles.
“Christ!” DI Lestrade cries and launches himself at DI Dregs, only to be repaid by the sharp jab of an elbow against his stomach.
“He’s always buying the child toys,” Mrs. Kettle chides good naturally as she places a steaming cup and a plate of chicken and rice in front of him. For the first time, John realizes that he’s absolutely famished.
Glen Reese hunches his shoulders, his jaw tightening, “shooting somebody isn't as easy as the movies and books would have it.”
Sherlock’s features comes alight in a way it only does when John is asking Sherlock to demonstrate how he, (and he alone), figured it all out while the so-called professionals were floundering about.
It’s a weather-worn thing, the features hardly visible though distinctively cat-like in the round shape of its curled body, tail snug against its side. John circles it carefully, fully aware of Sally’s curious eyes on him and worries about making a fool of himself. He gives the figure a nudge with a foot and feels it wobble against his shoes.
The defense attorney makes  skeptical noise. “I really must lodge an official complaint, detective inspector. My client is clearly not in a condition to be questioned.”
“Bloody hell, Sherlock,” John says, exasperated, running a hand across his face to wipe away his grin.
When his leg gives away, Hestia grabs him by the arm to keep him upright and guides him away from the television.
Lance Corporal Burrell strides into the room, his lips pressed into a white line. There’s a thin sheen of sweat across his brow and his eyes are glassy. Not only beer then, Wilson thinks, and he makes a small note in Burrell’s file to consult the psychiatrist.
“Bloody hell,” Lestrade groans. He can already picture the paperwork and the newspaper headlines. Contaminated crime scene, traumatized children.
“When I was five years old my dad died. My mom remarried a short while later and I got a stepfather. He was an Alpha, strict, domineering. From when I was six-years-old to the day I went to the Home when I was sixteen, my stepfather would rape me, three, four, five times during the week. Summer and winter, weekdays and weekends, mornings and nights. Year after year. My mother said that my stepfather was just like that, that nature had constructed him in such a way, that he had served his country and it was now our duty to take care of him. The rape was such an integrated part of my childhood that for many years I thought that this was how it was supposed to be, that all the kids had it just like me. It was just another thing one didn’t talk about. I was right in thinking that it is something we just don’t talk about, but I was wrong in thinking that the sexual abuse of children is normal. It’s more widespread than we’d like to think, but it’s….it’s not normal. My stepfather wasn’t normal, Alphas aren’t normal.”
“I know things are tough right now, but this will blow over.” He makes a sweeping gesture with his hand as if Burrell’s concerns can be summed up that easily.
“Ask a nurse.” Sherlock scoffs. He turns away from Glen, and without a final glance, strides away from the bed.
Most likely then: a phone call. John always keeps his phone on the bedside table, when it rang, he scrambled for it and knocked over his glass of water.
John dares a glance over his shoulder. The crowd seems to have almost doubles in size since he came. He sees the faces of young and old, mostly men, and groups of bored teenage girls. Some are watching them with curiosity, whispering amongst each other and casting long, studious gazes at the people next to them. Assessing their neighbours. Judging which side they are going to be on. A few guys are typing away or talking on their cell phones, glaring at John, Sherlock and Lestrade.
Molly unwinds her scarf with a with quick, agitated movements, and settles down on the chair furthest from the rest of them. She fiddles with her phone and John tries not to linger too long at the realization that this is awkward. He’s shared cups of tea with Molly while waiting for Sherlock who was busy conducting an experiment, but they’ve never grabbed a bite to eat or shared a pint. He doesn't even know that much about her private life. He never presumed that they were friends.
John has a split second to study his surroundings: a slender, metal, table with a couple of cartons of Chinese takeaway. Three wooden chairs. No windows, concrete floors, walls and roof encasing a solid iron door. Cobb is nowhere to be seen. All this is filed away in the back of his mind as his gaze lands on the shaking figure on the floor and then John lets years of training and instinct take control.  He falls to his knees and rolls Glen Reese onto his back, careful to avoiding his thrashing arms and jittery legs.
“Are you upset that he’s back? Are you afraid?” Sherlock runs his gaze over John, searching for clues in John’s bleary eyes.
“If not, it’s one hell of a coincidence,” Lestrade mutters and drops the file on the empty seat next to him.
the Bond. He can’t imagine his life without the detective.  He wants to work cases with Sherlock, to serve him tea he won’t drink and come home to body parts in the fridge. He wants Sherlock to mark him as his in a way no rings or documents could ever do. John wants what Sherlock considers the greatest human fallacy.
The murmurs take on a sinister tone, like the first, distant rumbling of an avalanche. The first cracks of ice, giving away. John quickens his pace until he’s matching Sherlock’s, his arm brushing against his.
Somewhere ahead a cat cries and a dog starts barking. Sophie Barnes pauses, she cranes her neck, listens. The dog is still barking and then she hears the sound of rattling dustbins, a car coughing, and the sound of it driving away. She squints into the gray mass. She can almost make out the shapes of the surrounding buildings. A couple of hundred yards more and she’d be there.
“I wonder if I might have a moment of your time,” she says, the corners of her mouth curling into a smile. It’s an awful, stilted attempt at nonchalance and it makes John hesitate. There are plenty of people on the street, people commuting to and from their jobs, couples holding hands, kids returning home from school, and Hermes’ fingers are seconds away from his gun. There’s really no reason for him to worry about this woman.
Sam accepts a row of cut toast with jam for breakfast along with a handful of berries and one carrot. He eats in his slow, thoughtful manner, observing John who is yawning his way through his first cup of tea.
Sherlock turns off the television before the reporter can finish his mournful report, and makes his way to the window in something that he knows would categorize as a huff. This case would be maddeningly frustrating and yet fascinating if his attention wasn’t otherwise occupied with things far more interesting and pleasant. Moriarty has wanted him to come out and play and…. A few years ago, he would have found this whole venture ridiculously fantastic. A group of people conspiring to commit murder. Inciting people to turn against Alphas and create public discord and chaos. Sherlock had always faced the lone criminal (or tightly organized criminal group), but he’s never anything that involved so many differencing factors. Social media. Students. Crowds. Mobs. It seems like Moriarty won’t be content until he’s involved all of the United Kingdom in this particular crime spree. And what is the motive for it all? Certainly Moriarty is enjoying sitting back and watching the chaos unfold. Were the members of The Support Group enjoying it as well, or did their goal differ from Moriarty´s?
“Good man, “ Lestrade tosses the food into his bin and hurries out through the door, his heart beating wildly in his chest.
It is always the little thing, those minute details that the untrained eye would ignore that are infinitely the most important ones.
John’s suddenly aware that his heart is trying to claw its way out of his own throat. This isn’t just about humiliating Sherlock. This is far, far, worse.
By the early hours of December, it was confirmed by a sombre journalist that on this day, England passed the highest number of reported homicides in England and Wales since 2002. The number passed the 1050 mark, the highest number ever reported within twenty-four hours.  It has been the first day in history where every single crime was committed against Alphas, and the police found themselves hard-pressed to respond.
John can always tell when somebody is nervous, a biological imperative of being an Omega. There is a taste in the air, a quiet thrum of electricity over his skin and he feels it thick and heavy as soon as he steps into the old office.
“Here we go,” John says pleasantly and unpacks the paper bag to reveal several sandwiches and three bags of crisps.
Sam’s clear eyes are fixed on John as he analyses this information, then he slides his tiny arms around John’s neck and presses a sloppy kiss to his cheek.
“Well…” This time it’s John’s turn to fumble for his words.  He hadn’t expected Sherlock’s instinctual reactions. Sherlock stepped into the role of parenthood without any reservations or questions, as if it was the most obvious transition into a life John had never managed to imagine for him. Suddenly, he feels guilty for expecting less of Sherlock, for all these doubts he’d harboured at child and parent meeting for the first time.
, John signs, quickly tapping out a response to Sherlock, before he pockets his phone. He frees Sam from the harness and hurries after him as the toddler clamours to get as close to the enclosure as possible. He grips the fence and cranes his neck to stare at the pair of black and white animals high up in their cage.
"Oh, it will be fun. You´re already excited" Sherlock curls towards him and John feels his breath momentarily snag on his next words. He can smell the chilled wool from Sherlock´s coat, the muggy, faintly uretic scent of the London tube and the piquant fragrance that is uniquely Sherlock. He´s can almost feel his blush creep up along his neck to his ears and he tugs on the collar of his jacket to hide it.
“How long have you been dog-sitting?” John asks because he knows that this is something Sherlock has been planning for a long time.
John struggles to the door, clutching his leg. He opens it and is startled to see Glen Reese’s red, plump face smiling at him. It’s been weeks since that ghastly meeting at the pub and John has more or less placed Glen Reese and his Alpha in the same shoebox as all the other things he doesn’t want to think about.
Sherlock allows himself to drift back to that moment in the corridor; John pressed between him and the wall, wide-eyed with surprise and his warm, moist, breath ghosting over Sherlock’s cheek. Ragged, uneven breathing. It’s been many years since anybody were so close that he could feel their exhalation. John had been almost pliant against him, his hands on Sherlock, holding on to him and in the same grip, holding them apart. Even in this memory, Sherlock can still feel the imprint of every of John’s fingers.
Constance pulls a clear plastic bag from her pocket and hands it to Sherlock. It's the same vitamin B bottle he saw in Glen Reese's bathroom. "It's been wiped clean of fingerprints."
John wrecks his brain for what he knows about the psychiatric practices in England and realises that somebody must have pulled a lot of strings for Glen Reese’s lenient incarceration.
John closes his eyes for a second. He can still hear Moriarty and his henchman move around downstairs, the sound of the kettle, cutlery, and plates. He can still smell the heavy scent of an Alpha.
“Thank you, dear. I am really sorry, I wish I could help you, but that day is just one dark spot in my memory. It was just such a terrible day, I suppose I’m lucky I can’t remember it.”
"My brother said that an Alpha can crush a man´s neck with one hand. He also said that the Alphas have no conscience, they´ll rip your head off and not shed a tear." Andrew continues, obviously passionately invested in describing in vivid detail the knowledge of Alphas his brother has passed down.
Sherlock doesn’t have the time to make even a tentative conclusion, because the door opens and he hears John’s careful “Hello?” echo down the corridor. Sherlock slips out of Sam’s bedroom and balls his fists into hands to hide his jittery nerves.
Hector studies Sherlock. He’s studying him back, with that intense, scrutinizing only Sherlock Holmes can muster. It’s been rumored to reduce people to quivering puddles of nervous energy, but his poor reflexes none withstanding, Hector is made of sterner stuff.
He feels his heart skip a beat and fear digs into him like a knife, cutting and twisting until it pries his ribs apart.
"The truth is, Mister Watson, that Alphas have a harder time than Omegas of adhering to the social norms and conventions excepted of members of an organized society." He pauses again.
“I think I might know what that is about,” John says and moves across the kitchen and pulls the newspaper out from its hiding place. All the while he feels Sherlock’s eyes on him, but the detective doesn’t say anything, doesn’t deduce John’s reasons for hiding the newspaper. He shoves it into Sherlock’s hand and then retreat to Sam’s side, hides his expression in his son’s curls as he places a brief kiss on the top of his head.
Lestrade tosses the old newspaper away. He doesn’t want to think about this, he does’ want to think about his part in all this.
Sherlock’s hands clenched and unclench on the table until John places his hand over his, anchoring his irritation. There is a pregnant pause before Sherlock’s hands slip free of John’s to cut Sam’s food into manageable chunks. He places the plate in front of Sam, who is happy to substitute the phone for a fork.
"To surviving first year of medical school," Mike exclaims cheerfully and tips his head to his friends before he brings his pint to his lips for a long sip.
Doctor Coleman consults his notes, “two of the three died as a result of a broken neck and so we can conclude death by hanging. The third one was suffocated. All victims were incapacitated by Stesolid about one to two hours before death.»
He moves slowly upstairs, nudging open the door that leads to the pink bathroom. There's water in the bathtub and the towels on the floor are still damp. The sink carries the evidence of the pair living in the apartment, two toothbrushes, two razors. He opens the cabinet over the sinks and spots a myriad of over the counter medicines. Pain killers, bandaid. A bottle of vitamin B. The same type that he found in John's cabinet when he conducted his preliminary investigation of how far John had integrated himself into his flat (so much that his departure would leave large gaps.).
John locks his fingers into the bed sheets to keep himself from reaching out and touching Sherlock, to keep him still.
Before John and Sam and all these other people who’ve made themselves at home in his life, he lived for the thrill of the chase, the riddle, and the mystery only he could solve. Now he finds no excitement in not knowing the answer. There’s no thrill. Just frustration, doubt and fear that if he doesn’t figure it out the people he care about will get hurt.
John hasn’t actually seen Sherlock fight before, but he had always imagined his movements to be as graceful and lithe as the rest of him. He’s seen Sherlock move with feline grace across rooftops, walls and fences, as though he’s been a professional parkourer all his life. This, however, is the response of a cornered animal. Sherlock throws himself at DI Dregs with flailing fists and hissing growls, every punch and swing uncoordinated and fueled by instinct and adrenaline.
John walks idly over to the door leading to the washroom, remembering that he thought he saw movement there yesterday. The door is half open and he glances inside. The room is small and the floor and walls are covered in small, square white tiles with a naked light bulb in the ceiling. There’s a sink and a toilet and nothing else. Could it have been the killer, waiting for John to leave?  Why hadn’t Doctor Fenway said anything or given John some sign of distress? Maybe Doctor Fenway hadn’t realized there was somebody hiding in his washroom.  Maybe it had been John’s imagination.
He stares down at the prison transfer requests. Reads his own identification number and the looping signature that is almost unmistakingly his. Almost. Because he recognizes the signature in the signature, so to speak. The little tell-tale clue he’s learned to find in the curls of the s’s and that tells him that the forger is Sherlock Holmes.
“Is he alright?” Lestrade says, the first to break the silence. John dares a glance at Sherlock. He’s standing absolutely still, and for once his expression betrays nothing of how he feels.
Even Andrew has finally grasped the seriousness of their academic pursuit. Sometimes John worries in earnest of about his blood-to-coffee ratio, Andrew is quite often the first to leave for the library and the last to return.
Lestrade grits his teeth and tries not to think about the letter he had received three weeks ago, advising him to move his money. He had urged Molly to do the same and then he’d spent the next few days with a sharp coil in his chest.
John simply sighs. This is an old topic and he doesn´t want to argue with Andrew, mostly because then he had to concedes that Andrew might have a point. John can never deny his care-taking nature. He likes helping others, to do well and be accomplished, why shouldn´t he do his best?
"Not sure how we would prove it," John says "unless he´s stupid enough to still hang on to the murder weapon."
“Oh. Right,” John frowns, because he hadn’t asked her to prepare anything and wonders if she’s done so on Mycroft’s request and how the older Holmes brother always seems to be at least five steps ahead of them.
John finds himself suddenly practicing the confession. He did the same thing before he asked Ann Marge Sandridge out on their first date. Her reaction was easy to predict: she´d blush and stutter her favorable assessment of John and agree to go out with him. And that’s  exactly what happened.
“We’ve been at Paradise Gardens all morning,” Lestrade mutters. John can hear the twist of lips and grimace in his voice. The only thing worse than councillor workers visiting would be police officers snooping around. “Plenty of people giving us the stink-eye.”
I've spent about three months on this chapter, because finding SH's was such a daunting and difficult task. I hope I've managed to maintain some of the character's integrity. There is a bit of a jump in time, but I hope it is not too confusing.
“And he said he was enjoying the group, that they were getting along…. “ Alexander hesitates, “the actor, the nurse, lawyer, the marine and him and that…. that they were making real headway….that they had plans for the future.”
It’s just past noon, but the weather is keeping most lunch-goers indoors. Sam sticks close to John, one hand tucked safely in his, the other one keeping his toy dog secure. A few steps inside the park, John’s grip on Sam’s hand tightens. Sherlock slips his phone into his pocket and John feels the Alpha’s body going tense.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says, quietly and the words feels odd, “I was just surprised.” (And happy that you aren’t married and living in the countryside and that you still have your wretched jumpers.)
“I’m not the only one who has been abused, and maybe I’m one of the lucky because I got away. My little sister…she…she was not so lucky. When I got sent to the home, she replaced me. Three years ago she put on her headphones and sat down on the railway tracks.”
John is suddenly immensely grateful for Doctor Fenway’s system of anonymity. He thinks about his own file lying among those tossed carelessly on the floor, his entire life spelled out in Doctor Fenway’s slanting handwriting.  He cannot imagine anything of Sherlock or Mycroft’s lives being in these files; Mycroft wouldn’t let anyone else gather information on him, and Sherlock would never have consented to something as pedestrian as a psychiatrist asking him redundant questions on his life as an Alpha.
“Of course, doctor,” the guy clasps his hands at the small of his back and settles into a military rest that would have John’s former staff sergeant foaming. Then he just stands there, his eyes on John.
*Ask him about his phone call to Fenway’s office and check the phone records. Fenway and Reese’s. SH*
So John figures he’ll say it in another way, he’ll say it in the way he presses his mouth against Sherlock’s, the way he licks his mouth open and slips his tongue next to Sherlock’s, lips soft and sweet.
It wasn’t written anywhere on his records, but he could read between the lines. Burrell wasn’t the first Alpha to be discharged from the army for minor misdemeanour and injuries.
Now Sherlock is below him, his body making the same nauseating noises and it’s worse, far worse than the sound of shelling, the screams of the dying, the sound of an L85A2 being fired. No, this dry hiss and whistle from Sherlock makes his heart crawl up his throat and lodge there painfully, as if it is desperate to escape.
Mrs. Hudson shakes her head, “he didn't even say goodbye. I always though that awfully strange.”  The smile on her face is close-lipped and gentle, “it must have been terrible, seeing- seeing somebody you care for throw themselves-”
“Yes, I know. I have heard it from Molly already. It’s been an absolute nightmare-all-hands-on-deck kinda thing. It’s been five years since we had any big riots in London, and decades since any as violent as these.”
"Yes." John replies. He shrugs out of his jeans jacket and tosses his book bag at the foot of the stairs.
“Sure, sure. It was nice seeing you again,” he beams at John and extends his fleshy hand for John to shake. He hesitates before he accepts the hand and gives it a firm shake. John watches Glen Reese until he disappears down the street just to reassure to himself that he’s really gone.
“You are well aware of what a brilliant mind like Sherlock’s might accomplish if given the wrong…or perhaps rather
Around midnight, John pushes himself off the sofa, and stretches until he feels the ache in his back. He checks his phone again, but there are no new messages. Which could mean that Sherlock is busy making progress or that he’s searching for some important clue in his Mind Palace. Either alternative means that he’s probably going to work through the night.
John remembers their confrontation in the corridor in Baker Street, when Sherlock figured out the emotions John had been hoarding. He’d looked so bloody disappointed it breaks John’s heart just thinking about it.
Does he realize the impact the unraveling of Moriarty’s web has on his own city?  Sherlock isn’t going recognize the London he returns to.
Even in his fantasy, John can’t change Sherlock- can’t, imagine a Sherlock without the cold, hard, reasoning that Sherlock holds above all things.
“For a few hours this afternoon, it looked like the protesting was going remain peaceful. Now, the fire at Paradise Gardens is just one of several burning in London.”
It’s well past midday before they leave the airport and Sam has exhausted himself to such a degree that he doesn’t even protest when John buckles him into the car seat. By the time they leave Heathrow, he’s fast asleep, one hand on his toy, the other on John’s sleeve.  John too feels the strain of the day, as each dwindling hour takes him closer to London.
John settles Sam down in Lestrade’s massive office with large windows. The child is holding a toy dog in a death grip while cooes and babbles with glee at all the cars and uniformed people moving below.
Standing outside is a young constable with a birthmark covering half of his handsome face. His hands are clasped at the small of his back, but the uneven tapping of his left foot betrays his nervousness. Lestrade hunches his shoulders, braces himself for what his hunch is telling him is more bad news.
He regains control of his scattered wits and returns to Sam’s bedroom. John has gathered their son into his arms and moved away from the bed to the chair in the corner. He’s wrapped a blanket around him, running his hand slowly up and down Sam’s back, smoothing away the hiccups that’re making Sam’s body quiver.
Lestrade goes rigid,”shite.” Why could’t he ever have an uncomplicated crime scene? One without messages from the victim, taunts from the killer or missing body parts?
The questions thunder over them, and by the time Lestrade realizes what is actually going on, the news must be on all the televisions in Britain.
"I know this is a lot of take in, Mister Watson. Your body is going to undergo rapid changes, a second- well, in your case, first puberty. But it is all a natural part of the process your body undergoes to adapt to being an Omega. It will be all right." John thinks he sounds sincere. He isn´t really sure, and he wonders if this is the tone of voice that comes from years of delivering bad news.
They spend the next two hours in a silence only disturbed by the hum of the computers and finger pads running over keys. Sherlock is still studying the whiteboard though John cannot begin to understand what he’s hoping to see in a list of biblical names. Now and then Sherlock walks across the room and stares out the window, his eyes the same impossible color as the bright skies.
John pinches the bridge of his nose and forces is eyes shut. When he opens his eyes, the damned book is still in his hand. He feels anger curling along his spine and he locks his hands to stop himself from throwing the book straight at Glen Reese’s pudgy face.
“Hello, hello,” the man says, his voice low and tight and his face set in cold lines. “Your scent isn’t as strong, but it’s still very, very delicious.” He licks his lips and steps closer.
The silence makes it self at home, heavy and uncomfortable in the apartment. Crawford keeps casting furtive glances on his phone, but the screen remains dark. Outside the noise rises and falls, sirens cuts through London. The long wails of fire engines, building from a lower tone and rising. The burst of an ambulance sirens, the steady stream of police cars hurrying down the roads. They aren’t coming towards Paradise Gardens, they aren’t even heading in the same directions.
A few days, Lestrade received a familiar white envelope. With a mouth that suddenly felt like it was made of sandpaper, he had handed it to his superiors. The Chief Superintended had looked at him with thinly veiled suspicion. Was he going to reveal his source? No. Is this information going to lead to another national scandal? Most likely.
Sherlock digs his hands into the pocket of his coat to hide the angry clench of his fingers. The key to breaking this case is standing within spitting distance. If he can only get his hands  on Albert Crawford, he will be able to get all the answers he´s spent the past weeks and months (and maybe years trying to find.) He can make Crawford identify the last member of the Support Group, end Blithely´s campaign.
“Lestrade has a case he thinks I might find interesting.” Sherlock twirls about the room, still tapping away avidly on his phone.
For several long minutes, the only sound in the room is the odd tinkle of china. Below, John hears Mrs. Hudson turn on the radio.
“The way he smells, it’s intoxicating. Even now, I feel, I mean, he’s just across the room and I… I just want to make him happy. If he isn’t happy, how can I be happy?”
Mycroft had often stopped by, sometimes to bring John news, but mostly to get to know his nephew. One time, John caught him staring down at Sam in his crib like Sam was an oddly shaped piece of evidence he was trying to make sense of. Every time he returned to London, he left behind books to help John or thoughtful presents for Sam. Like the toy dog that Sam’s always dragging around.
A few steps away from the suicide candidate, they pause. They remember their training and the female constable takes a few steps forward and raises her hand, indicating for her partner to stop when he starts to follow her. The man in the window turns his face towards them, his eyes wide and bloodshot.
“No, the concentration was not all high. If I was to make a guess, I would say it was done to make the victims more…pliable, easier to dictate. Slow and feeble for a couple of hours.»
The barking stops and a few seconds later, a small, white dog shuffles forward, wagging its tail. It’s an undetermined mix, with large ears and a short, springy, tail that waves excitedly. It nips and licks at Sophie’s fingers, and she coos encouragingly at it.
Most of John's correspondence is with Sherlock, Lestrade, Sarah and somebody named Sam. John has made four phone calls to Doctor Fenway, one on the night of the murder, and the other three made last year. They've never texted or emailed. John's phone shows only one call from Glen Reese, a little after four am, the morning after Doctor Fenway was murdered. There were no calls made since on either phone.
“We’ve sent off for his dental records, but apparently that may take a while because his private practitioner closed office a couple of years ago. We’ll have to do a DNA testing to make it official- I can hardly have his mother come down and identify the remains.”
The camera zooms out for a moment and focuses on the contemplating face of Joseph Braithswort. He wets his lips, his eyes moving to watch something he’s holding in his hand. In the background they can just make out the eager face of Andrew Nash.
The lift isn’t working, it hasn’t since John used to live here, and so they dredge themselves up the stairs. Wrapping paper and empty beer cans litter the steps. John tries to ignore the sounds echoing down the corridor, the screeching of a television, a bawling baby, a couple shouting at each other, the sound of his own heart beating against his ribs.
There's a scuffle in the group, and a woman in black, leatherpants swings her purse, hitting a skinny youth in the chest. The two hisses and spit at each other like angry cats, the crowd moving uneasily around them.
“Well, I’ve never met another male Omega,” Glen Reese says, casually throwing out the term John has been avoiding all of his life. He has to stop himself from physically flinching and instead offers a brittle grin.
“Sure,” John says with a pleasant nod, while Sherlock just waves his hand in a dismissive gesture, his attention now attuned to the report in his hand.
“But we don’t know if Edward was actually at the crime scene. Yes, I know it would require at least two people to commit those crimes, and that one most likely had a medical degree, judging from the amount of Stesolid administered to the victims and that one of the people in the Group supposedly worked as a nurse, but-”
I´m trying my hand on the tense on this story, I´m not if past or present tense is best for a background story, so I may go back an alter it again. I am also still trying to figure out the formate on Ao3, and I hope it isn´t too much hassle to read.
“And is this the will of the people?” Alice asks, “as of now you have a couple of thousand followers, but many have predicted that this is a nothing more than a gasoline light campaign. You may burn brightly, but it will quickly dwindle and die.”
“Christ,” Lestrade mutters and Sherlock wishes Lestrade would stop being surprised by human’s capacity for cruelty. Lestrade paces the flat and Sherlock tries not to think of John. It should be the rhythm of John’s feet that plays the soundtrack to his musings. He thinks better when John’s close. Maybe he should go out and find him. How much time does he need to “cool down”?
The book reads, “Hi, I am_____” and in the gap somebody (John) has filled in Sam’s name. The narrative continues in this way with John filling in the date of his birthday, how long he was when he was born and how much he weighed. When Sherlock has navigated his way through he first two pages, Sam turns the pages and Sherlock stares down at a picture of John, looking years younger (before his last deployment) and Sherlock, collar tucked up under his chin and looking at something far away. An odd echo of Sam’s picture.
“You were number twenty on the List, weren’t you? It said your family started this lucrative jewellery business with Nazi spoils and that your husband, the judge, has dismissed several attempts by the Courts and the Society of Reparations to have your stores inspected.”
The stairs end far before this churning vortex of emotions and thoughts does and as he nudges the door open John knows immediately that Sherlock isn’t at home.
“But Fenway diagnosed her with depression and anxiety,” Molly says, “and, the room was locked. From the inside. Both keys found under all a magazine. The police had to break the door down to get inside.”
There are the obvious answers, such as a nice cup of tea and a pleasant meal and a decent book. Watching Sherlock work is certainly far up on the list. But there are other, more difficult answers. The thrill of chasing a suspect down a dark alley, not knowing what’s waiting around the corner. The weight of a gun in his hand and the taste of danger on the tip of his tongue. The scorch of the sand against his skin, blood and pulse and life and death pumping under his hands. Dangerous, deadly things that he hasn’t thought about since the time where he put Sam’s needs above everything else.
“Sure,” Lestrade says. There’s a tension behind the words that John can’t identify and would rather not think about.
Crawford seems to debate the merits of countering Sherlock’s display of dominance. “Protective, are we?” His mouth curls into a cruel smirk. He steps away from John, shoving his hands into his pockets and walks over to stand beside two tall, bald men who John estimates to be in their late twenties. Next to them is a gangly looking blond on impossibly high heels and a tracksuit. They’ve formed a half circle in the kitchen, watching Sherlock and John and muttering among themselves.
Jane Hill chews on the inside of her cheek, and John sees her eyes scanning the room seeking advice and finding none.
“There was a bit of an argument regarding his intentions, but I didn’t kill the man!” John snarls. He knows he’s loosing his calm and is in danger of rushing headfirst into a conflict with DI Dregs.
If John weren’t so used to everybody making that assumption, he’s certain he would have sprayed the beer all over the table.
“Oh, I worry, we all do. Constantly.” John’s voice is steady when he responds and even if his face creases into a smile, Sherlock feels the slight tremor in his hand. The effect is jarring and he tightens his grip on John’s hand.
“Nonsense,” Mrs. Hudson dismisses, finally pulling free and sniffling a little, “how about some tea?”
Bugger this, John thinks. He feels foolish for being herded into the corner like a damsel in distress. He grabs at Sherlock’s sleeve to push the taller man away, but Sherlock remains a rigid barrier between John and DI Dregs.
Sherlock returns a few minutes later with two steaming cups of tea, placing one carefully into John’s hand and stealing a glance at Sam. He’s still clutching at John’s hand. Clearly, sleep has done nothing to loosen up his grip.
Things have been, well, not exactly weird back in the flat, but he is suddenly hyper-aware of Sherlock’s presence. He lies awake in bed, and he knows the sound of Sherlock’s barefooted footsteps across the carpets and he recognizes the sound of his steps on the stairwell when Sherlock comes and goes. His scent seems sharper and John carries it with him like a perfume all day, and when it fades towards the end of a long workday, John misses it. Privately, John thinks he’s going insane. This cannot be a normal reaction to have to a flat mate.
“I’m sorry we’re late, but somebody was insisting on going out in the rain,” John calls down the corridor, signing the words for Sam before he untangles him from his damp and sticky raincoat. Sam does the rest himself, pulling off his wellies and placing them neatly along the wall, handing his hat to John, hanging up his rain coat and fishing out several pebbles from the pocket of John’s coat. He coos excitedly at the rocks, before carefully putting them into the pocket of his own raincoat.
Sherlock’s fists curls and uncurls, the sting of the cut throbbing dully in his hands. Lestrade looks oddly troubled, and it’s a new look for him, because he’s never allowed himself to be visible affected by the cases he’s been working (for which Sherlock secretly admires him, but will never admit it.)
Their guide ensures that their purchases are taken away to be expertly wrapped and stored until they leave. Sam’s an eager participant at first, pointing at people (the woman in blue, Sherlock says, is buying gifts far above her means to impress her friends. See, expensive coat, cheap shoes, fake purse) and the magnificent displays.
Sherlock had probably thought it immensely fun to solve that particular puzzle. Even Glen Reese had seemed very pleased with how elaborate the plot had been, but John can’t shake the niggling feeling that he’s forgetting something.
“I don’t know about you,” DI Lestrade says, rising with visible difficulty, “but I’m going home. We can take this up again tomorrow, say about noon.”
“Besides John and Sherlock, you’re the only one who has seen Jacob. Anything at all would be helpful.”
John hears the lilt of Mycroft’s voice, but he’s still not sure if it’s really a question. Mycroft had said that it could be dangerous, and while John is intimately familiar with danger, he’s not about to risk putting his son in harm’s way.
No, that’s not the complete truth, what he wants is to sink to his knees before Sherlock, press his face against him and breathe in his scent in great lungfuls.  He wants to put into words, even if it is just in his own head, these feelings he is having for Sherlock, this
“Yes,” John says, turning away to hide his expression from the detective inspector. “I’ll need my suppressants.”
"I…." John tries, wondering how he can explain to Lydia that he´s worried about being too meek, that he´ll end up going to medical school, finding a job as a GP in London and wiping up vomit and snot and that he´ll be incredibly boring.
Lydia studies John thoughtfully "but you don´t need to learn discipline, John  and you´re not a thrill seeker." Another pause "You´re not thinking about-"
“I can´t wait,” Jane Hill says in a harsh breath “to see how Sherlock Holmes reacts when he comes to rescue you, only to catch scent of how…alluring you smell. You think he´s going to be able to maintain control over his "transport?”
“Well,” Moriarty allows, “not for the research you’re thinking about. That nonsense about the book, was just to rattle your feathers, force you out of hiding. A bit of fun, really.”
“Is there something going on?” Glen Reese appears behind the man, and he looks wide-eyed with worry. John watches as something passes between Glen Reese and the Alpha in front of him. His stomach rolls and clenches and he lets out an exasperated laugh. What are the odds?
He remembers his own frustration when the military pensioned him out on medical reasons and he found himself in a council flat and expected to just get on with it. For a while, all he had was the dull pain in his leg, the scar on his shoulder and his medal in a shoebox.
The next time Sherlock wakes up, John occupies Mycroft’s chair. He has his nose buried in a medical magazine while Sam sits on the floor by his feet, poking at a smart tablet. Sherlock allows himself a few uninterrupted minutes to study John, the way his left eye twitches in John’s struggle to stay awake, the curve of his aching back against the hard plastic chair, his head resting in his hand as he stares at the magazine, half asleep and not really reading a word. John, Sherlock thinks, didn’t take Mycroft’s advice.
“Hold this,” he shoves his cup of coffee into her hands and grabs a couple of gloves from a constable. Sally Donovan waits, listening to his curses as he struggles to slide them onto his hands.
“We begin with breaking news now,” the man says, his fingers fiddling anxiously with the a bundle of papers on his desk. He always does this when he’s about to deliver bad news to the nation. “In the latest development regarding the riots in London and throughout cities in the country. Earlier this evening the Prime Minister was visiting one of the first sites to be hit by the riot, the offices of Andrew Nash, situated onto of a hundred-year old furniture store. The buildings burned to the ground within an hour. The Prime Minister condemns the violence that has taken our streets. A twenty-six-year old man and a man in his early thirties were shot earlier this evening and the hospital are reporting several severe injuries.”
Courtney bristles but manages to curl her anger into her fists and to keep it there. Getting into an altercation with the insurance agent will do nothing to help her cause. She offers him a tight, venomous smile as he bids her a good day. There are other ways to get even.
Yesterday, John had gone out for milk and collected copies of the files from Lestrade. Lestrade had looked so haggard that John was forced to employ his authority as a physician and order him home and to remain home until he had eight hours of sleep and, at least, one decent meal. No caffeine. No cigarettes. No greasy take-away.
Sherlock, obviously, did, as he had included Molly into his scheme. He understood, in a practical sense, that Sherlock's plan required the assistant of a medical examiner. Molly must have helped Sherlock produce the fake body, she must have tampered with the autopsy report. And then, she went to the funeral, watched John grieve and did nothing, said nothing.
“He insists he’s recreating the crime scene,” Lestrade explains, “but he’s doing something odd with magazines and a cassette tape that he thinks I’m too slow to comprehend. He’s ruined three tapes already.”
With Sam tucked against him, he navigates the manor, passes through long corridors and up an elegant staircase that leads him to a row of bedrooms. In one there is, indeed a large elephant puzzle. Sam pulls away from John, and he quickly moves a hand to his back to support him. Sam squeezes his tiny hands into a fist, pinky-finger and thumb extended as he shakes his hands.
“We’ve been over this garden several times,” Sally says with a huff, “there isn’t anything left to find.”
“Bleed a lot?”Doctor Coleman cranes his neck as if the answer to Lestrade’s question is written in the ceiling.
“Now, look here… ” he starts, using his best approximation of Captain John Watson voice, the one that demands to be obeyed.
Alice swallows around the sudden lump in her throat and steels herself to match the brute force of Edward’s gaze. She was saved from having to try by her producers buzzing in her ear, telling her to move on to the next segment.
“Doubtful,” Sherlock says, his forehead scrunched and his mouth slanting in a disapproving frown that he always get when faced with other people’s stupidity (which, according to Sherlock, is always).  “The Alpha-Omega dynamic is a dying field of study; it has no monetary value, no academic accolades, there has not been a new discourse for years - people are simply regurgitating other people’s facts and findings over and over again. If the killer was looking for something in the files, it would be something of personal value.”
John has sent a couple of texts to DI Lestrade asking if he can talk to him. He feels more comfortable giving his statement to DI Lestrade and not DI Dregs, because there is a niggling part of his mind that tells him that he doesn’t want to be in a small interrogation room with the latter.
John emerges from the crowd of children, a toddler tucked against his hip. The child, a boy, is dressed in a green duffle coat, sleeves stained with dirt and grass. A red scarf is wrapped snugly around his neck and a knit cap is pulled on his head. He’s looking at John, his primary hand held near his mouth, fingertips touching the tip of his thumb, hand opening and closing repeatedly. John repeats the gesture, adding a few more that brings his hand to his mouth and pointing at the restaurant.
“You know she doesn’t much care for the theories-without-concrete-evidence-approach,” Lestrade mutters and John senses that he’s witnessing the cliff notes of a long-standing argument between Sherlock and Lestrade.
Back in 221B, they collect an enthusiastic Toby from Mrs. Hudson. The dog bounds around their feet, his tail wagging up a storm with an expression of one who thinks they’ve been gone for ages. Sam wriggles free of John’s hand and Toby greets him by licking his fingers, making the child squeal in joy.
John sits for a while in his chair, staring at Sherlock’s empty seat across him, the piece of paper still in his hand.
“I think you better come to the Yard,” Lestrade repeats, ending the call before Sherlock can say anything else.
John’s eyes slide over Sherlock’s long and slender fingers, sees the tendons in Sherlock’s hands and the thin, white wrists that disappear under the stiff fabric of his shirt. Two days ago he could barely keep from himself from reaching out and touching that hand; and now, he’s a doctor, he’s a soldier who’s been in warzones, he’s intimately familiar with human suffering, but he’s never before felt this, like Sherlock’s just pushed him to the edge of a cliff, and left him standing there, teetering.
The door closes behind him and Sherlock finds himself in a sleek, modern corridor decorated with a few framed aquarelles of flowers. He shrugs out of his coat and hangs it next to one of John’s. He lets his fingers brush over the green duffle coat he’d first seen Sam in. It looks tiny, next to his Belstaff.
He rises again and again, like rolling waves to kiss Sherlock, his mouth wide and open against his, breathing, sharing the same air. Sherlock’s fingernails leaves white lines against his skin and they move against each other, arrhythmic and jarring.
"Do you see, John?" he asks, small and tight, and John is perfectly aware that the question is nowhere near as straightforward as it sound.
"Adam" Doctor Fenway snaps. He closes the distance between the two and grabs Adam´s chin, twisting his head so that Adam had no choice but to look at Fenway.
“Sir, sir!” The female constable grabs hold of Lestrade’s arm. John wonders when she got here, if he’s lost consciousness and if he needs to diagnose himself with a concussion.
John steals a glance at the bookcase, where he’s hidden Mycroft’s envelope in his biography of Churchill. He hasn’t told Sherlock about it yet, but he’s certain the detective knows. There are very few things that John can keep secret from Sherlock Holmes.
“This was all very well planned. He had arranged for somebody to collect him from the hospital- he had even taken precautions for his pets.  He- “ Sherlock interrupts Alexander Lee Finkle before she can speak, “also admitted to planning this with “Jacob” for some time. Simon Whitewell said that Jane Hill contacted him three days before the kidnapping. Not to mention the elaborate ploy with the uniforms and the security cards, which required time to plan and prepare. Glen Reese had time and opportunity to reconsider his participation in capital crimes. Do these sound like the actions of an impulsive man? A man whose hormonal imbalance has left him bereft of his wits and reason? I do not think you shall find any jury that would agree with you.”
“Paradise Gardens has been neglected for so long,” John adds, “The Council felt it was time to give it and its residence the attention and service it deserves.”
Glen Reese offers him his hand and hoists John up from the cot. The room dances around him. John sways and Glen Reese grabs him carefully by the shoulder, steadying him.
The third witness is a middle-aged man named Glen Reese. He opens the door and John has to take a step back and blink twice. Glen Reese is soft looking and everything about him is round: his stomach, his eyes, his face and it suddenly John feels like he´s staring into some twisted alternative universe of a John who never joined the Army. He´s dressed in a shirt and sweater west. He´s got grayish blonde hair and he´s smiling amiably at John and Sherlock, like they are old friends who just popped over for a visit.
The pain dissipates but doesn’t completely recede. He takes stock of himself, notes the bandage around his head, the dull throb along his spine and the blue and white cast extending from his hand to just below his elbow.  He’s in pain, but far worse is the fractured distortion of his memory. He remembers the subway station, Finkle, and John, but the chronology is all jumbled and he cannot piece together which events led him from standing on the platform to lying in a hospital bed.
“Of course,” Mycroft says, smoothing a hand across his trousers. “It was what you would have wanted.”
"It is the Omegas prerogative to strive to be useful for its potential mate. Scientists and scholars have spent a lot of ink trying to explain if this is a biochemical urge, a psychosomatic one or a cultural construction. Some biochemists (most notably Hartland, Lovelock, 1989;1967) maintain that an Alpha releases pheromones when in an endorphin rush at that this scent stimulates and endorphin response in the Omega. Others (Cardoc et.al 1993) have compared the pleased Alpha to a purring cat and that Omegas finds this response relaxing and comforting. The crux of the matter seems to be that as long as an Alpha is happy, the Omega is happy.  Some scholars (Locke et.al 2013) are today, however, questioning the validity of this research. “Contemporary scholars, ”Locke claims “need to study the relationship from the Omega's perspective. Omegas are not docile servants that only lives to ensure the Alphas´s happiness”
Sherlock’s thumb stops. There’s a picture of himself and Sam, Sam upon his shoulders, his hands in Sherlock’s hair as they watch the otters. The next one is also of them together, Sam’s hand firmly in his as they walk along the enclosure of the lemurs, as they pause at the railing to watch the meerkats. There are almost twenty pictures, most of them capturing them from behind, though there’s a glimpse of the corner of his smile, of the amazement in Sam’s eyes.
“Sure.” John hangs up and spends the next quarter of an hour making a fresh cup of tea. Fifteen minutes later, on the dot, his phone starts to buzz.
John takes one- two- three steadying breaths and then slowly waves his way through the crowd to the small table in the corner of the pub, where Mike and Andrew waits for him.
Cheers to all of you who take the time to drop me a kudos or a few lines in a comment, it means the world to me.
"Relax, relax" Andrew adds hurriedly. His gaze lingers on John´s for another moment, and John quickly looks away, certain that his ears are now burning. He twists his fists into his shirt, his mind skimming through a litany of possible replies, though they all dies on his lips before he can voice them. He notices the way girls smile at him and the sweet smell of their perfume.  But he likes his studies, he loves learning about medicine, and he likes the ACF. Just because he´s neat and hard-working and doesn´t chase skirts, Andrew seems to be under suspicion that he´s gay. He is a normal, sensible seventeen-year-old boy, even if that is a bit of an oxymoron.
John feels Sherlock’s weight settle over him, Sherlock’s firm possessive hands on his hips and the feeling of want burning in his gut as he buckles up against him.
After swallowing his food, Sam taps two of his fingers against each side of his mouth and brings both his opens palms forward.
Despite his genetic inheritance, Sam does actually sleep the usual amount for a two-year-old, even if he’s fighting it at every step towards the bedroom. In his room, John instantly spies the ragged remains of a stuffed dog that he bought at the hospital the day he was admitted because he was hopelessly unprepared for the task of fatherhood.
It fills the cab with the smoky voice of a female singer. It allows him to maintain the last shards of his dignity, since Sherlock has taken so much of it already. And while the cabbie drove aimlessly around London, John quietly weeps into his hands.
“The idea is that the psychiatrist sets up the group and leads it for a half a year or so, before gradually letting the group govern themselves. It’s more of a support group, rather than supervised Group Therapy. After a few months, I asked Mr. Reese how he was feeling about the group, if he was benefitting from its dynamic and sessions.”
Sherlock’s fingers goes over the keyboard so quickly it sounds like somebody has put a piece of cardboard into the spokes of a bicycle wheel.
Which is why he’s standing in the foyer of the impressive facade at Westminister at seven in the morning, waiting for doctor Phil Coleman.
John wants to point out that he doesn’t have an Alpha, and that it’s not about not wanting to be with Sherlock, (because he wants that more than anything,) but having their consent removed. He doesn’t want pheromones or any sort of….natural instinct involved in their relationship. No matter what form it takes.
. Joseph’s face disappears from the camera, and the only thing left to fill the screen is the dangling rope.
“The day of my sister’s funeral I made a vow that I’d spent my  life and my fortune exposing the Alphas that think they can hide away in our society and blame their heinous crimes on some biological necessity. There’s a list on my webpage, with their names, addresses and an account of their crimes. You can go to my page and read the stories and then tell me what Britain’s biggest problem is? Is it economical decline, our skyrocketing unemployment rate, or is the Alphas responsible for hundreds of children who are going to bed, terrified because their fathers or uncles or brothers may open their doors and hurt them?”
"I hope you´re being careful, not wandering off on your own." Lydia wipes her hands on a tea towel and smiles.
Before John can reply, door to the office suddenly opens and a middle-aged woman steps inside. “Is everything alright, Doctor Fenway?” She asks in clipped tone.
“You mean the triple homicide at the primary school in Essex?” John says, slowly rising from the floor where he’s been working on a drawing with Sam.
Mrs. Gillespie takes a seat in an old office chair and places her mug on the reception desk that serves as their lunch table. “I’ll tell Harry to take a look at it, see if he can’t persuade it to work through another winter.”
DI Lestrade doesn’t seem to notice, or pay any heed to John’s discomfort; he just beckons John to follow him with a curt nod of his head. Up close, John notices that DI Lestrade smells of the bitter coffee from a vending machine outside his office and stale cigarettes.  For a fleeting moment, John feels sympathy for the salt and pepper haired detective inspector because he carries the telltale signs of a long night spent with a cantankerous Sherlock Holmes.
John fights a losing war with his head and feels his final qualms  die as Sherlock returns his lips to John’s and carefully prods his mouth with his tongue.
John shuffles a few autopsy reports aside. Most of the papers have been decorated with large swirls of colored ink and chicken scratches, some of which bearing clear resemblance to the letters in Sam’s name. In his enthusiasm for his art, some of the lines have run from the papers to the linoleum floor.
“How well do you know Lee Finkle?” Sherlock tucks his phone away, slides his hand down to John’s until John’s palm turns to meet his and their fingers slot together.
John looks at his watch and realizes that it’s drawing close to five in the afternoon. He feels a stab of guilt for getting so caught up in working on the case. It had been nice, impressing Sherlock and working with Lestrade and forgetting all these unsolved issues between them. But he’s a dad now and he’d promised a long time ago that Sam would always come first.
Anger coils along his spine. He wants to burn every piece of fabric in this room and purge it of the Alpha's presence. He wants to claw off the wallpaper and smash the furniture and fumigate the room. The anger is all encompassing, leaving room for nothing else.
Sherlock is about to grab the door handle, when DI Lestrade grabs his elbow. “Hold on, you’ve got to wear these.” He throws a pair of blue nitrile gloves at him and a pair to John who snaps them on with practiced ease.
“Hmm,”Sherlock responds and pauses the recording. He taps the image of Jane Hill, her head bent away from the camera, one arm hooked around John’s.
Whose call would drive John out of his bed and the apartment? Well, John would go to the aid of anybody who asked him for help. Had Sherlock been at home, he would have heard the phone ring, he would have seen John leave. He would have gone with him. But, John left in the middle of the night  without leaving a message for Sherlock. That means that whoever John went to see is somebody he does not want Sherlock to know that he is acquainted with.
John can feel beads of sweat forming at the back of his neck, and his breath is escaping him in uneven gasps. His spine stiffens.
The sheer savagery of Sherlock’s assault is a thing of terrifying beauty. The masked figure stumbles backward when Sherlock slams into him. The masked person loses his footing, but it doesn’t even take a heartbeat for him to recover. John pushes himself up, takes a deep breath through his nose, and gathers his wits. He sees Sherlock lashing out again, uncontrolled, hardly human, but the assailant remains calm, confident and simply side steps the vicious swing of Sherlock’s fist, grabs hold of Sherlock’s arm, and then uses the momentum and Sherlock’s own weight to twirl him around and then-
Later, Doctor Fenway had explained that some people might consider him charismatic and charming, he might have slightly elevated reflexes and constitution, but beyond that, being an Alpha offered nothing except for the potential of occasional, aggressive, outbursts.
Sophie Barnes tightens her grip on her shoulder bag and peers into the gray mass. She’s been walking down Baker Street every morning since she started working at Tesco two years ago. She could probably find her way blindfolded. Somehow, the fog is worse than darkness. The fog distorts familiar shapes, warps them into monsters, it bounces noises around until Sophie Barnes is chased by the sound of her own footsteps.
“You got any plates? Oh, no never mind we’ll eat out of the cartons, no worries; could do with some knives and forks, mind. Oh, look, they were kind enough to provide us with plastic ones, and napkins. Isn’t that considerate? Lovely. You have anything to drink?”
He had never shown anything but distaste for any sort of holiday, calling it opium for the crowds. In fact, the only day where he’d not loudly lamented the foolish sentimentality of national holidays was Poppy Day. During that day, he just made himself scarce and John wondered if that had been for his benefit.
Jane Hill cringes against the cold, her shirt and uniform jacket smeared with blood and her hair standing in errant tufts going  every which way. Glen Reese tucks his hands under his armpits, sniveling and shivering, wiping away snot and blood with the back of his hand and stealing dark glances at John.
They are in a cab on the way to Glen Reese's place, when a new text from Mycroft announces its presence.
Seeing Sherlock in his element is always almost a sort of surreal experience - how he can take a crime scene, or any other scene, and dissect all of the little nuances and secrets that ordinary people dismiss and lay them bare. Like he had laid John bare the first time they met with a single question:
In the corridor of 221, they interrupt what appears to be a standoff. Mrs. Hudson is there, seizing up the tall and slim figure of Mrs. Kettle who’s apparently just descended from the stairs, a basket on her arms and a shawl on her head, making it seems as though she’s an extra in an episode of
“It was nice meeting you, Mr. Reese,” he says, calmly and politely, because no matter how uncomfortable the evening has been, he’s still British.
“The police is here, Mr. Smith,” one of the teenagers hisses excitedly, “they say we have to dis…depe-“
A butler, and Mycroft is probably the only one except the Queen to actually have one, leads John and Sam down a corridor to two bedrooms connected by a gleaming, white bathroom with a massive tub and a faucet that John hopes isn’t made of real gold. His bedroom contains a large bed and a walk-in closet that looks absurd with his meagre suitcase tucked into a corner. Sam’s room is smaller, though it is already cluttered with toys that are still carrying the labels from Hamleys. Sam squeals with delight and hurries over to the building blocks as if he’s fearing they might do something foolish, like running away.
Dregs had called John a houseboy, somebody who caters to Sherlock’s whims and makes life more convenient. He wonders if that is how John sees his role in Sherlock’s life and if that is why he had wanted to move out.
John glances at Sherlock who is already bored with the entire procedure and is casually flipping through John’s statement. John feels his throat go tight.
, his fingers missing the last letters, but he knows enough sign language to recognize the attempt at his own name.
They soon fall into their chairs, legs stretched out, tips of their toes touching. Sam runs to and fro the room, placing pieces of a puzzle, building blocks and crayons on the table, obviously with some scheme in mind. There’s the gentle clinking of a cup in its saucer as Sherlock rises and collects a book before settling down again, one long leg crossed over the other. Toby shuffles over and curls up in his basket. John feels the heat of the tea seep into his fingers, and he closes his eyes, relishing the comfortable silence of
Because that is always what it is, brief attempts. There’s no date, no matter how physically attractive, that John won’t abandon to rush to Sherlock’s aid. Or to make tea. Collect his laptop from the kitchen.
Thank for all your patience and encouragement and a thousand apologies for making you wait so long. I hit a bit of a rough path and had to make some decision regarding where this story is going.
He takes a deep breath to stave off the first signs of a panic attack. He puts his hands in his lap, laces them together and squeezes his fingers hard until the tremor stops. Sherlock is here, is alive and well, and John needs to see him and tell him everything.
The apartment is in a dreadful state. It reeks of stale air, old food, sweat, and piss. There are cartons of take-away food, pizza boxes and empty cans of food lining the walls in the corridor along with several plastic bags of garbage. How long has it been since this guy stepped outside?
The last time John saw that wretched book was in his kitchen when Glen Reese brought it to him. Which means that Glen Reese has, after visiting John, returned the book to Doctor Fenway. There’s nothing immediately suspicious about that; Glen Reese could have dropped it off after he left Baker Street. John wonders who was able to identify the David in the book as John Watson.
Sherlock stops and John sees some of the enthusiasm drains from him. It lasts for only a second, long enough for only John to see, before Sherlock’s engaged again with the new problems at hand.
“It’s hardly more than a cottage,” Mycroft says, even if John is fairly certain that most cottages can’t boast acres of property and three bathrooms. “You can use it for holidays and such. There’s a groundskeeper that takes care of things, all paid for."
,” he adds and continues before Sherlock can protest, “that John would be ecstatic to see you alive and now you’re confused as to why he’s not?”
“I told you,” is all Sherlock whispers. John searches his mind for half-remembered questions and feels his frown smoothed away under Sherlock’s fingertips. John has to push himself up on his toe and kisses him lightly, and then it’s like they’ve done this a hundred times before, even though the real amount can be counted on one hand. Sherlock’s hands are warm against this cheeks, and the intimate feel of his mouth, his tongue sliding into John’s mouth, makes John sway forward in a rush of relief until Sherlock’s back collides with the edge of the counter. John’s fingers skim along Sherlock’s arm, clutching at his elbows to keep him in place even as the Alpha fights for dominance in the kiss. Sherlock’s right hand fists the shirt in the middle of John’s back, his breath fast and hot against John’s lips.
He walks over to the bookshelf, feels Sherlock’s eyes, warm and heavy on his back. He finds the folder easily enough, tucked among a few medical journals.
“Stay still,” he says and then pushes her jacket away and unbuttons her shirt. Blood pulsates in a steady flow from the wound, but it looks clean.  The bullet hasn’t penetrated the shoulder which will minimize the blood loss.
Down at the Yard, they collect his clothes and shoes for evidence, sealing them away in clear plastic bags. John pities the technician that has to work with his shirt, marinated in sweat, and mattered in blood and vomit.
John grabs his jacket and keys and makes sure the door is properly locked. The temperature has dropped and the cold wind brushes over his face and makes his eyes sting. He walks on stilted legs, his leg throbbing with burning pain for each step and for a second he debates going back to the flat and locate his cane. But no, he is not wiling to analyze the return of psychosomatic and how it may relate to his situation with Sherlock, and so he grits his teeth and quenches the pain.
Sherlock hesitates before he bends down to pick up Sam’s toy, offering it to him. Sam’s face is red and his eyes are blotchy and he regards the toy with suspicion before he gathers it into his arms, holding it as if it’s a long lost friend.
Glen Reese's wrists are bound by industrial strip, but loose enough that it's not difficult to slide them off his chubby hands. John grabs the blanket from the cot and folds it into a tight bundle, tucking it carefully under Glen Reese's head and then positions him in the recovery position.
John finds his black peacoat on a peg in the hall, hanging there as if it belonged, next to Sam’s green duffle coat, winter boots, woolly hat and matching red scarf. Sam is mostly able to dress himself and only requires help with the zipper and agreeing on which foot goes into which boot.
“She said she had information about the murders,” John explains, “but wants to meet us on her terms.”
“It just makes me very confused,” Lestrade says and interrupts Sherlock’s retort with a raised hand. “If it was an execution which, according to John’s contention, was done to give it the appearance of legitimacy, and you add that it was done out of a personal motive, what do these transactions mean?”
“You should check your phone,” John says, “it could be important.” Sherlock goes still for a moment and John feels a sudden ache in the chest.
The headlines show no compassion for the three victims: “Judgement Passed on Alpha Criminals” is written in thick, black letters. In the centrefold, the newspaper has a nine-page spread with a photomontage that shows the film, almost frame-by-frame, with subtitles, so that the readers do not have to miss a second of the horrors. Simon Whitewell’s words, however, have been censored, probably to better fit the spirit of the article.
Sherlock doesn’t look at Sam, too fascinated in studying the changes to John’s face, the hitch of his breath, the red tint on his neck, the flit of his eyes.
There´s a solemn silence in the room for a while, John struggles to find the appropriate words to fill it with. He doesn’t manage to.
Crawford hadn’t brought his lacks with him, which indicates that whatever confrontation he’s planning, whatever monologue he’s got prepared, he doesn’t want his friends to know. But, why? He had taken such silent pride in killing Alpha Nash, why wouldn’t he want to take the same acclaim for the triple murders?
John moves to the door and presses his ear to the narrow slit between the door and the floor. They are still talking and he’s not able to disguising any words, but he can hear the angry crescendo and then the sound of something crashing to the floor, probably a chair.
John knows what comes next, he is so familiar with Sherlock’s routine at a crime scene that he steps forward without a word and crouches next to the woman, careful not to touch the body or the bathtub.  With a kindness Sherlock would berate him for being unnecessary with the dead, John turns her head and examines the face of the dead woman.  Ann Lewis is a mirror image of her twin sister, even down to the haircut and the smudge of makeup around her closed eyes. With gentle and caring hands he extracts her hand from the water, he carefully twists the arm around to expose the pale skin of the woman’s wrist.  A series of long slits mar her skin.  By themselves the cuts aren’t fatal, but combined they would have caused profound bleeding.
Sherlock grabs John’s jumper and yanks him forward until he can press his lips against John’s. John’s free hand slides along his arm and closes down on his shoulder, his thumb pressing gently into the muscles of his neck. He deepens the kiss for a moment until Sherlock tips his head back to look at him, feeling the warmth of the ridiculous feeling that’s made a home in his chest. A notch mars the skin between John’s eyebrows, curious, a little concerned, and his gaze studies Sherlock’s face intently. He places a hand on his cheek, spreads his fingers against the skin.
The female constable lets out a shriek and John grabs hold of the lapel of Lestrade's shirts and yanks him down, just in time to save him from a rock that's hurled at them.
“Sorry, maybe another time,” he says in the way you make a promise you never intend to keep, “I got to catch a train. Take care, Lestrade.”
John can sense Sherlock’s growing excitement and fascination with the case. Sherlock is in his element, absorbed and engaged in the world, if only for the moment. It is as if they have returned normalcy, the feeling is doing wonders for John’s frazzled nerves and he realizes that it might be considered inappropriate (by everyone but Sherlock) to be happily grinning in the middle of a suicide investigation.
Lestrade simply stands, allows himself a few seconds to realign this image of Sherlock with the one he saw three years ago. The consulting detective has always been slender, but now he seems to drown in his peacoat. His hair is longer too, a mass of dark curls with unmissable streaks of grey in it.
“Until he’s claimed he’s free for-” The constable moves forward again, as if he’s going to make a grab for John, but Sherlock steps forward, barring his way.
He drags a hand across his face, trying to wake up and wishing he wase anywhere else. John can admit that most of the feelings he has about Sherlock are scrambled with a plethora of emotions he can’t easily identify. Most of all, he suspects that what he really feels is some sort of absurd, admiring infatuation. An infatuation that gets tangled up with this heart-stopping fear when Sherlock does something dangerously insane and reckless to prove how smart he is. When this happens, he feels torn between shivery and tense. He worries that he’s about to lose the ability of rational thought and coherent speech.
And then, when Sam was around eight months old, a switch was flipped and he went from sleeping all the time, to hardly sleeping at all. Suddenly his mind is too occupied with exploring the world and dismantling its mysteries to sleep.
It had been at Glen Reese´s trial; just four weeks after Sherlock Holmes tricked the world into believe he had committed suicide. The newspapers had just about lost interest in the story and moved onto a major corruption scandal in one of the biggest banks in Britain. Their interest was rekindled after defense had argued that for Glen Reese it had been a biological imperative to play matchmaker between the consulting detective and his blogger.
The car wobbles. A pair of dark boots is stomping around on the hood. A young guy, shrieks, and hoots, waving a bottle of beer before jumping down and running after his friends. People spill past them, a steady flow of dark blurry colors. Some hammer on the windows as they pass and laugh. Empty cans and rocks are thrown at the windows, making them creak dangerously but they don’t give, thankfully. The female constable is gripping the steering wheel tightly, but it’s obvious that it’s impossible to go anywhere.
“Glen,” John asks, shaking the man gently by the shoulders. His head lolls to one side and he struggles to open one bleary eye at John. This time, there’s no malice in his expression, just an empty, vacant glare.
There are presents for the rest of them as well. There’s a jumper from Sherlock, a blue v-neck whose label tells him it’s made of cashmere and silk. Thankfully, the label doesn’t tell him how much it cost. Sherlock tries not to be visibly touched when he unwraps the large green book with a golden bee on the cover from John. “It’s the ABC and XYZ of Bee Culture,” John explains, “Mycroft helped.”
"I´m really not." The American wrinkles his nose. "Look-" he pauses, clearly giving space for John to share his own name.
“Here,” Mary calls, interrupting John’s observations. He hears the rattling of metal tools banging around in an old toolbox. “I hope you find the tools you need.”
“Hello, Molly.” John wanders over to the window and pulls the curtains aside to inspect the weather. The sky is a rare blue, seldom seen in London until May and the streets are almost bare. He’ll take the Tube halfway, he thinks, and walk the last few streets, the fresh air might clear his head.
“I’d rather stand,” John replies. Sitting down would make them both vulnerable and somebody needs to take this seriously.
Sherlock drawls out another, “Hmm.” And DI Lestrade looks at John, waiting for John to translate it from Sherlockian to plain English. He probably could, John thinks, the first “hmm” meant “interesting” and the second meant “don’t bother me, I’m thinking.”  Sherlock moves carefully about the crime scene and kneels next to a couple of bottles of cleaning liquids, he nudges one over until he can read the label.
Edward Blithley sits prim and proper in the guest chair, one leg folded over the other, hands clasped at the knees. His back is ramrod straight, shoulders back and chin held high. He’s dressed in a smooth gray suit with a calm blue shirt, chosen by the BBC stylist to match his eyes.
"Our lab will confirm it," Constance continues, "but that is most likely suppressants. There's only two physicians in London who describes this type, the late Doctor Fenway and Doctor Mizuno."
“From the start I thought that Annabell Lewis was too insipid to come up with this fake suicide idea of chlorine gas, the taped room, the discovery of the victim. The botched slicing of the wrists seems far more likely to have been concocted by her. I told Lestrade to ask her how she came up with the plan.”
“Mr. Reese?” John asks, a cautious lilt in his voice. He’s not sure how he’ll explain his presence to Sherlock should he suddenly decide to return.
“I don’t…what do you guys want? Hey-“ the camera tilts a little. “I know you, you came and talked to me before Glen Reese’s trial! Are you….are you insane!? I’m not an Alpha, you know I’m not an Alpha! Jesus. Just…just let me go and I’ll….I won’t tell anybody, alright, just-“
“We may seem like a small party,” Edward says, “and even if we are, as you say, a gasoline fire, remember that it doesn’t take much more than a small spark for the fire to spread.”
Sherlock Holmes is a consulting detective, and he’ll solve the murder of Doctor Fenway and clear John’s name. That is who he is and this is his Work.
“Maybe he asked for help?” Molly says, thinking aloud now, “maybe he met a stranger on a train and asked for help in faking his wife’s death? It doesn’t only happen in Hitchcock movies, you know.”
He rises, matching Burrell’s height and folding his arms across his chest. “Lance Corporal,” he tries with chilly politeness, “calm down and return to your seat, please.”
“We’ve confirmed that all the fingerprints on the tape on the door and window belong to the deceased,” DI Lestrade quotes from a report, half an hour later when they are gathered in his office.
“The police and the government think we’ll lose interest,” he yells, “they are just waiting for some scandal to preoccupy us. As if we are children, as if our attention can be so easily swayed.”
Trailing behind Harriet and her current best friend,( Harriet always seemed to have them on some sort of  rotating schedule known only to her) Fatima, on his way to school, John´s careful recital of his English homework is continuously interrupted by the two girls giggling into their uniform sleeves.
He’s surrendered himself to asking Mrs. Hudson if she fancies something to eat when there is a tentative knock on the door. He frowns and pushes himself out of his chair, suddenly feeling a twinge in his leg that almost makes him lose his footing.
“There was some circumstantial evidence. I had been at his office the same evening he was killed and they found my fingerprints on his desk.Somebody had heard us arguing...”
“Maybe he didn’t choose it,” John points out, even though he knows Mycroft has already entertained that line of reasoning.
Burrell snorts. “You think that’s going to help? To talk about it?” He crosses his arms over his chest. “I broke my ankle,” he gestures to his foot, “but it’s no longer broken. This medical discharge is bullshit! I’m in top physical shape.”
A bullet can be traveling up to a 1,500 meters pr. second upon impact. The placement and projectile path is the most important factors. Organ destruction and hemorrhage are common complications. John knows all this, but the knowledge is not reassuring.
This chapter did not really tie together as well as I might have wished, but I hope it is not too cumbersome.
“These are the files we found on the hard drive,” Yu Kosaki explains, “as you can see they are all named after some code. At first I thought there might be some way to break it, but then I looked at the dates the files were created. There’s a video file, here.”
He wishes that the news of Sherlock’s resurrection hadn’t brought the harsh memories of his death with it. How long would it take for his nightmares to deplete this time? Sam was getting increasingly adept at climbing out of his cot and opening doors. If the violent memories return, John will have to start locking his.
Mycroft raises his mobile phone. “He requires my assistance with the paperwork and the red tape that appears when one comes back from the dead.”
“John-” Sherlock tries, finally daring to close their distance and place a hand on the crook of John’s arm. He’s shaping the words in his mouth when there’s piercing wail that cuts to the marrow of his bones. John goes rigid for a heartbeat before he’s moving to Sam’s room. Sherlock remains seated for a tiny moment before he’s up as well, following after John.
Hestia is standing in the waiting room, her fingers still on her phone, her gaze locked on the television. The blank look in her eyes is studied and perfect.
“She’s not at home,” Lestrade, “but she said it was alright to nip down and fetch it. Sherlock says it’s on the top shelf in the wardrobe in the spare bedroom. If you could find it and send it over, I’ll go to the main gate and pick it up.”
John suddenly realizes that every book, thesis, paper, and article Doctor Fenway has published, all those lives he has put to ink and given to the public for perusal, he has done it without the consent of the Alphas and Omegas he’s been talking to. He’s lured them in with his expertise, his kindness, and understanding. He’s given Omegas their suppressants in secret and allows them to live normal lives. But it’s all for show. Doctor Fenway has made his fame and fortune on the stories of vulnerable people who trust him with their secrets and fears. John thinks back to his time as a premed student taking Doctor Fenway’s classes, all the case studies, x-rays, blood work, hormone readings, and pictures he’d shared and had his students discuss. They were the stories of people who’ve had their lives dissected and judged by strangers, knowing that none of them would ever be in a position to protest this breach of privacy.
John realizes that he’s been staring too long and takes a sip of his coffee to stop his smile from reaching his eyes.
Sherlock half turns and he does that thing with his eyes that means he’s thinking that John is being particularly obtuse. But he remains silent, and that is almost worse than if he’d said something scathing about John’s lack of observational skills or dwindling intellect. A silent Sherlock is by far the worst kind of Sherlock. The only other time Sherlock was like this was when he was contemplating the benefits of cocaine.
The room feels even colder now, barren and void, the only sound in the room comes from the small television.
“There are thousands of files.” Yu Kosaki gestures to the computer screen where a blue bar is creeping slowly towards the 100% mark. The countdown tells them that there are still almost five hours to go before the copy is complete.
Later, they lie coiled together under the covers. Sherlock’s fingers are tracing odd patterns along his arm before he curls around John, wrapping him into a hug. John turns in the embrace to press his face against Sherlock’s chest. He breathes in his scent in great lungsful, the air tangy and sweaty and spiced with sex.
Doctor Fenway continues, using John’s own words from their many sessions throughout the years: describing David’s decision to join the army and hide his nature as an Omega from his friends and family. He writes about how David’s thrill seeking nature makes him such an unusual Omega, how they are usually dependable and domestic types. Doctor Fenway muses on how deciding to live in secrecy is not an unusual decision from people who first learn that they are an Omega, but that they seldom put themselves in Alpha dominated occupations because of the high risk of detection.
He snaps the book shut with a grimace and hastily dismisses the image. Beads of sweat trickles down the back of his neck and he tugs at his collar, trying to slow the rapid beating of his heart.  He runs his hand through his hair again and steals a glance at Doctor Fenway, glad to see he still seems ignorant of Johns discomfort.
Sherlock finishes his tea and places the cup on the saucer on the table with such force the cup rattles on the tiny plate.  Moriarty hands his cup off to the Alpha.
“The old front doors in Paradise Gardens used to have a fairly solid gap between the frame and the door, you could fit a newspaper under it.”
Sam vanishes into his room and returns seconds later with his dog plushie under one arm, a notebook and a bunch of pencils in his tiny fist.
“Go. John.Now” Sherlock says, his voice clipped with anger and the slight command curls along John’s spine until he’s standing.
A few moments later, there is a soft knock on the door, and Mrs. Gillespie comes in with a plate of biscuits and two cups of tea. “Here you are, Doctor.”
It’s easier to understand now why Sherlock felt he had to fake his death. It is far more difficult to comprehend why only Molly and Lestrade had been included in the plot.
Lestrade hurries after him, slamming the door shut and praying that they don’t run into Mrs. Hudson on the way out.
The fourth witness lives six houses down from Glen Reese. He answers the door dressed in a Manchester United football jersey, a ratty bathrobe and nothing else. At least John hopes he´s wearing boxers, but he´s not really keen to prove or disprove his suspicions. The stench that follows when he lifts an arm to push John away makes his eyes sting. Sometimes he hates his Omega nose.
John slowly picks himself up. His body feels hot and heavy. He dusts grime and dusts off his clothes with trembling hands and tries to regain control over his breath. He coughs, spitting out phlegm of blood and wipes his mouth to try and get rid of the taste of blood and the man´s venomous kiss. John blinks away two fat tears that rolls down his chin and shakes his head to clear his vision. His heart is hammering in his chest, beating I´m alive, I´m alive, I´m unarmed.
Simon Whitewell falls limp against Sherlock's arms. For a second Sherlock thinks he’s miscalculated his own strength, but then Simon Whitewell is glancing down at the consulting detective with bright, green eyes, not a trace of his previous inebriation.
Sally hides her expression behind her notebook, but not before Lestrade sees the blush tinting her cheeks.
partner, he pulls back as far as the corridor will permit him and then rams his shoulder against the frame. There’s a delightful crack, the door is nudged open and the two of them step inside.
John tries not to cringe as Sam seizes the attention of the entire restaurant by pushing his plate and everything on it, onto the floor. Molly freezes, looking like a deer caught in the headlights. Sam stares at them, startled by their expressions. He starts to whimper, his eyes trying to dam his tears, but half a second later he’s crying. His outburst sets off a chain reaction in another child in the restaurant, who echoes Sam’s cries with her own screams.
When he opens the door, however, he doesn’t catch more than a glimpse of the picture torn off the wall. He cannot take his eyes off the hangman’s noose suspended from a hook in the middle of his office. The chair under it.
But Sherlock doesn’t know this John who has spent the last three year with Sherlock’s throwing himself off the roof of St. Barts playing on repeat almost every night.
“Oh,” Amanda Carson says again, “I didn't mention it? There was somebody in the passanger seat, looks like a woman.”
"To surviving Doctor Fenway," Andrew adds, "for a course that´s only ten credits, it had the workload of twenty."
"It´s safest to not let people know you´re an Omega, Alphas are very good at blending in and some them aren´t as….well. You know." His voice is still and somber. John gets the feeling this isn´t the first time he´s come across this particular tableau.
“Very much alive!” John exclaims. “That book” he  scoffs at the wretched thing, pushing it at DI Dregs.  “I didn’t even see it at the office when I was there.”
He follows Mary into the kitchen and locates the radiator under a kitchen cabinet on the wall opposite of the stove.
“Jane Hill, ma’am, currently serving eight consecutive years for kidnapping, impersonating an officer and-”  Sally feels something hard and sharp settle in her chest.
Glen Reese had been his captor and his patient, however briefly. John can’t really shake his concern, he’s utterly failed Glen Reese before- he doesn’t want it to happen again.  Glen had embarked on this madness, killing Doctor Fenway and kidnapping John to win his husband back, but-
It is probably why Sherlock gave him that speech after they wrapped up the Lewis's sister’s murder. He was giving John The Let's Just be Friends Speech and John didn't even realize it. Sherlock was preemptively breaking up with him.
It takes John’s groggy mind several seconds to make sense of her words, and even then he doesn’t really understand them. She wants him to go with her? Where?  But, she doesn’t give him to time to form his words into sentences before she grabs his arm and hauls him out of the cot, across the room through the door.
John is saved from whatever follow up question Sherlock has planned by another intent hissing from Sherlock’s phone and this time he answers it. It’s just a series of clipped tones, but John recognizes the baritone of Lestrade’s frustrated voice on the other end of the line.
He takes the seventeen steps back up to their flat. Toby greats him by the door, ludicrously happy at John’s imminent return. John scratches him behind the ears and stands for a moment, absorbing the quietness of their empty apartment.
“Of course I did,” his voice drips with venom, “but he was a prominent man and nobody believed me. And then,” he leans back, wets his lips, “and then Fenway tells me how it’s….that there’s nothing wrong in what we- what he is doing. That it’s by nature’s design.”
Luckily, I´ve a wonderful and patient beta (CowMow <3) and a kind audience. Without your support, there probably wouldn´t have been a new chapter in quite a while.
Lestrade sighs, feeling helpless and ridiculous as he fishes up a copy of the prison transfer report and thrusts it at Sherlock. Sherlock takes it carefully, his eyes narrowing as he reads.
John walks over to the cartoons of Chinese takeaway and sniffs the content. He can’t smell anything but the sweet and spicy oriental mix of chicken and pork.
The speech only lasts for a couple of minutes and she finishes with a final tear, clinging to her eyelashes and a prayer to her classmates to help her spread the message. She was just like the man in the newspaper, a victim of an abusive Alpha. But unlike him, she couldn’t afford expensive and fancy adds in the biggest newspaper in the United Kingdom.
“Sherlock, he’s not-” John tries again. Sherlock allows a single breath to declare his disinterest before he resumed that austere posture which had made so many, even John himself, accuse of him of being a machine rather than a man.
He doesn’t want to admit that he is concerned, but it is strange that John is not here yet. Surely he should have noticed his absence and made his way to Crawford’s apartment by now. Sherlock is counting on John´s timely intervention.
They sit for a few moments, Edward Blithely idly picking at some imaginary lint on his trousers while Audre Alton drums her manicured fingernails against the table.
Lestrade freezes, water spills over the kettle and splashes on the sleeve of his shirt. Sherlock’s standing in the doorway, his eyes leveling with Lestrade’s. Searching.
John lifts hand to his forehead and it comes away, sticky and red with blood. His vision dances in a sickening array of colors, he sees legs, he hears the footstep of people running, the sound of screaming, crying, sees Sherlock lying on his side, a large pool of blood spreading slowly across the pavement. For a moment, he’s not sure where he is and what happened- and then reality hits him with dizzying speed.
“According to twitter, people are urged to gather at Bond Street and Green Park station for a spontaneous protest march past Buckingham and down to Parliament Square.”
“I used to come here with Mycroft,” Sherlock say suddenly. The words hang there, alone, three seconds-ten, and John thinks that’s all Sherlock’s going to say, when he clears his throat.
“Push the emergency button and get somebody on the emergency phone- make sure the bloody train doesn’t run us over,” he barks out before jumping onto the tracks. The redhead stands stock-still, but one of her friends leaps into action, rushing over to the emergency button, making the train come to a screeching stop.
Sherlock snarls and grabs Simon Whitewell by his chin, lifting him up with one arm until he's pressing him against the wall again, squeezing the breath out of him. His Adam's apple bobs erratically against Sherlock's hand, but the only thing Sherlock can hear is the pounding of the blood rushing in his ear as he stares into the feeble, useless face of Simon Whitewell who is clamoring for his life. It takes only a little over 40 pounds of pressure to crush the trachea and the tender arteries.  He suddenly feels capable of doing it, squeezing and crushing until he falls limp to the floor.
“I was taken from the Yard by two people posing as police constables, the woman who brought you here and another man. I haven’t seen him yet.”
The apartment feels more like a hotel room than a home, with every surface clean and shiny and not a thing out of place. No magazines, newspapers or journals. No medical books, microscopes or old takeaway cartons. The utensils in the kitchen are all polished chrome and brushed plastic, and an enormous cooker takes up an entire wall. There’s not a speck of dust on his fingertip after Sherlock swipes it over the surface of the countertop. In the fridge stand a couple of homemade chicken-and-salad sandwiches under a plastic sheet, a plate of cut fruits and a lonely juice box. The rest of the fridge’s content is all ridiculously healthy and upscale produces. There’s not a single box containing body parts or experiments of any kind.
Lestrade flips through the file, notices the regular schematics and tests results. No alcohol or toxins in his blood. He’ll read them later, again and again, until he’s been able to eke out some evidence or clue that will lead him to the next step.
“Apparently there’s a rally planned on Downing Street. It’s all over the internet. The commissioner has ordered all crowds to be dispersed, hoping to forestall a riot.”
"But you, of course having been in the military, are accustomed to Alphas and our proclivities. Not that I am in any way beholden to them."
He takes a step towards it when Doctor Fenway says suddenly, “Doctor Watson,” his voice is low and he looks all his of his sixty years. “I’ve not… I’ve made mistakes.” Doctor Fenway runs a hand over the thin, grey wisps of his hair in quick, agitated movements. He laughs nervously, but it doesn’t sound all that sincere. John is suddenly suspicious of where this is going for there’s a clench in his gut that tells him that something is very wrong. Without really thinking about it, he moves to position himself by the exit.
John knows it’s Simon Whitewell’s turn even before his face fills the television screen. He looks like an old man, as if his months in prison have physically aged him. There’s a long, red scar on his forehead and the blossoming of a bruise across his cheek. His face is stark white, blood oozing from his split lip. He’s clearly struggling against his bonds.
Sherlock has always assumed that John dates just because that is what average, heterosexual men in their mid thirties do.  (Are Omegas even interested in anybody who is not an Alpha?)Was John wasn’t just conforming to some standard norm of the typical heterosexual British male, that it was just a part of his elaborate attempt to not raise suspicions.  But if this midnight caller was part of John’s cover, then he would have been certain to leave a note, or the effort to delude Sherlock would have been a waste.
Sherlock pulls the curtain aside, and stares into the pudgy face of Glen Reese occupied with trying to vacuum the content out of a pudding cup. Three full cups sits on a tray in front of him. He looks up, startled at first, but then recognition slowly dawns, and the next spoon of pudding is slow and deliberate as if he’s daring Sherlock to take it away from him.
“I’d like to talk to you a bit about your stepfather, if we could,” Lestrade says, “you….exposed his crimes on national television, but he’s not on the List you published.”
Sherlock’s not sure how long he’s been standing there, staring sightlessly at the crowd of people, but suddenly he feels warm fingers encircle his wrist, jolting him out of his churning vortex of thoughts.
“We can’t leave-“ Sherlock scoffs, "if we leave, Crawford will disappear and then we'll have nothing."
It’s a relief when the elevator dings open on the next floor, and he squeezes his way out. He scans the floor before he grabs a female intern in light blue surgical scrubs. She’s has short, brown, hair and a constellation of freckles across the bridge of her nose and the way she squints at him makes him conclude that she needs to change the prescriptions of her contact lenses.
The American groans and runs a hand down his face. "Sheesh, don´t tell me you don´t know what you are."
“Doctor Watson,” Detective Dregs continues, “please detail your relationship with the late Doctor George Fenway.”
They’ve just about finished their lunch and John is wondering if he should bring out the newspaper add or if he can finish his tea first when Sherlock’s phone buzzes angrily on the table. Sherlock steals a glance at it before he turns his attention back to Sam who is busy narrating some tale to the remaining fruits on his plate. John knows that research tells him that deaf children will eventually stop producing noises. He feels guilty for knowing that he’ll miss the sound of his son’s voice.
“Yes,” John presses his lips to a thin smile, “I know.” He feels guilty, not for the first time, for leaving without a word. Even if the circumstances was out of his control he should have called or sent a postcard or even asked Mycroft. He’d thought about her, once in a while, wondered how she was doing, if she was still sharing sand cakes with the next-door neighbor. But, irrevocably, any thoughts about Mrs. Hudson had led him to think about Sherlock and for such a long time the only thing he found down that trail of thoughts was pain and regret. It’s an excuse, and he knows that’s Sherlock’s, not the only one who owns Mrs. Hudson an apology.
He doesn’t want to think about these feelings John is conjuring in him. He doesn’t want to study them and name them. Emotions are antagonistic to clear reasoning, and he needs everything to be clear so he can get John out of this situation
What was it Sally Donovan used to tell anyone who’d listen? That one day Sherlock would tire of playing detective, that some day investigation a murder wouldn't be enough for him.
Burrell leans over the desk, sneering at him. “Do you think I want to spend my life sweeping fallen leaves in the middle of the village? Let everyone look at me waddling around and think I’m an utter failure?”
Lestrade takes a deep, calming breath, closing his eyes for a moment and then says as calmly as he can, “but you were -dead-, Sherlock, you tricked him into believing you killed yourself- that you were in fact not coming back.»
As soon as she’s confident he’s gone, her posture stiffens, her slanted smile turns sharp. When she was a teenager, she’d been her boyfriend’s most precious possession. When she wanted to break up with him, he’d locked her up in his flat for four days. He got a few months probationary caution, she is still struggling with the nightmares. The last few days has knocked something loose in her. She rises slowly from the chair and walks over to the Alpha. Her ex would be about his age now.
“I’m a bit of a collector of antique medical equipment,” Mary confesses as she spies John’s interest. “My dad started it, and at first I just tagged along when he went thrift shopping, but then, you know, I got addicted.”
This afternoon, London feels like it is suffering from a nasty hangover: everything seems slower, and not even the sun can dredge up the effort to properly brighten up the day. But the city is not the only one to have suffered; Lestrade looks like he’s gone two rounds with Tyson Fury.
They pass Green Park tube station. It is packed with people milling around at the entranceway despite the officers attempts to get them to move out and to let people out off the station. John remembers one time when he was eight years old and the tube lines had closed due to an accident. He had been standing on the escalators, holding Harriet and his dad’s hand when the news crackled through the speakers. Within seconds, the underground was teeming with people trying to find alternate means of transport. The air had been stifling with irritated curses and for fifteen terrifying minutes he had lost the grip on his father’s hand and Harriet’s, leaving him separated from anyone he knew. Some crowds have a vicious reptilian mind of their own, one he doesn’t want Sam to witness.
John pinches the bridge of his nose and wills away the thundering pain behind his eyes. Jane Hill had said that Glen Reese is important. But how? Why? He’s just… John pictures the large and stuffy furniture in Glen Reese’s apartment, his chubby fingers as he dabbed a napkin against his mouth. The way his chin wobbled when he spoke. The way he had sobbed into his telephone. His figure, prone and helpless on his bathroom floor.
Sam signs and John is grateful that, for once, Sam is content with his answers, though he suspects it’s mostly prospect of presents that reins his curiosity.
“I doubt he is the source of the Stesolid, however,”Doctor Coleman adds, “the drug was given intravenously, they all have very distinguishing needle marks on their right arm." He gestures to Simon Whitwell's bluish arm.
“The film lasts for about ten minutes,” Yu explains, her fingers running over a wireless keyboard, “and it’s obvious it has been put together from different segments.”
Albert Crawford, from 307, a marine sent home a year ago on dishonourable discharge, suggests they use the List to see if there are any Alphas living in their block and to make sure they aren’t in any position to hurt anybody every again.
There’s a shift in the atmosphere, like the sudden appearance of storm clouds on a sunny day.  John pulls the phone away, wondering if Sherlock is really going to head down this path, here and now? Can't he read the tension in the room? They should regroup back at the Yard, lay down all their evidence, get a warrant to search Crawford’s apartment and then question him with an attorney present, make sure there're no loopholes for him to slip through.
“In Afghanistan,” John confirms, “death by hanging is a common method of execution. I think this is an execution as well.” He gestures to the pictures of the three victims.
John twiddles his thumbs, waiting, trying again to form his explanation into coherent sentences. He thinks about his sessions with Doctor Fenway, how he helped him navigate the bureaucracy and legal red tape that would have kept him out of the military career he had sought and prepared for all his life. How he helped John hide that he is an Omega and gave him access to the medication that would stop him from experiencing embarrassing and painful Heats ever few weeks. Doctor Fenway guided John through the biological changes in his body, put names on and discussed the many thoughts and feelings that sometimes overwhelmed him.
John wonders how many hours of CCT footage Sherlock had watched. Nobody else would have been able to recognize the scratches on the bonnet. It’s amusing that Cobb’s hankering for Chinese exposed their hiding place.
Alexander sighs and scrubs a hand over her face. “At the trial, Glen Reese was sentenced to evaluation at a psychiatric hospital. He was doing well in therapy, and I thought he might benefit from group sessions.”
John looks down at the bundle of newspaper clippings in his hand. The story is about six months old and garnered no more attention than a byline on the BBC before Britain's attention was drawn to a money laundering scandal. Arthur Williams (47) had been walking home from his job the last Friday in October. He worked and owned a pawnshop (explains the expensive purse) together with his brother Frank Williams (45). Usually the two of them would stop by their pub on the way home to grab some beers, but on the evening of his death, Arthur Williams had been in a hurry and had skipped this ritual and cut through an alley on his way home. He looks at the picture of Arthur Williams, he´s a stocky man with blue eyes and a wobbly chin.
In a lecture hall at the London School of Economics and Science, the students at LSE100 were reading the newspaper add. One of the students, Ms. Julie Summers had asked the lecturer for a couple of minutes at the start of the lesson, there was something she wanted to tell. Now the lecturer sat in the back of the class and enjoyed the view. Ms. Julie Summers was one of his top students and it had only cost her a loose smile to buy the first ten minutes of the lecture.
