The meal was excellent. Expensive dishes and even more expensive wines were easily shared around the table of eight. They weren’t rushed at all, and by the time the group had gotten around to fishing off the vast array of desserts the restaurant provided, it was already close to eight.
Natasha sprung into action. She shooed the others down the hall and into their respective rooms. Clint put up a half-hearted fight but quickly caught on that Natasha was not to be trifled with tonight (or ever, really, but there was a fierce edge of protectiveness in her eyes that even Clint wouldn’t test). She was relieved when she was finally left in the common room alone.
So... what do you think? Tell me everything! Do you like the way I've written Bucky? Did you enjoy the Stony fluff at the top? How about that precious moment with Nat looking out for Tony?
Steve watched Tony walk without his usual confidence and swagger toward the bar and saw the way Tony was breathing: jagged and disjointed. When he reached the bar, Tony squeezed the countertop as if it could ground him.
The last line, Tony realized, was what had made Steve frown. Addison’s reference to Tony’s adamant insistence that
They were both still wearing their suits from the benefit, which left Natasha with more questions than answers about what happened when the pair mysteriously disappeared earlier in the evening, but they looked about as comfortable as they could be, given the circumstances.
More than that, though, Tony’s jaw was clenched tighter than could be considered healthy or normal. He had one hand wrapped around an almost empty glass, but the other was clenched in a fist.
“Then there was the woman from the department of education who called me sometime between being unthawed and the Battle of New York — I don’t even have any idea how she got my number, which was more than a little unsettling. But anyway. She asked if I’d be interesting in filming a number of video public service announcements that would be played in public high schools? Not only did she seem
Clint finished blinking at Steve in surprise the minute Bruce returned with a bowl of popcorn for him and, just like that, Steve felt just a little bit more comfortable around his teammates.
What did you think? I know there are hundreds of versions of the "Bucky returns" fics, but this was the one that I had to go with based on my take on everyone's characterizations.
“You know,” Tony made circular ‘elaborate’ motion with his hand. “There was a… Situation to address?”
Time moved slower after Steve and Sam were on the plane. Tony knew that wasn’t possible, of course, but it didn’t stop it from seeming true as he and Bucky waited for Steve’s return.
What I really want to know is... do you think the fight was believable? It took me *forever* to figure out what to have these two fight over. I do not do well with having my couples fight lol. So when I finally came up with something, I ran with it. Was it too predictable? Or did it feel authentic and believable? Beyond that, what did you think of the rest of the chapter?
“I don’t get it. I’ve never had anyone assume I have a problem with homosexuality before now. And it’s more than that. It’s like… people have this idea of me that’s the exact
Rather than ask the stupid questions he’d been asked — Steve’s first panic attack had been memorable enough that he couldn’t forget the grocery clerk standing beside him saying “Sir, are you okay?” until he’d bolted from the store, groceries abandoned, struggling to breathe in a way he hadn’t experienced since being injected with the serum — Steve opted for trying to offer comfort instead.
Steve took a deep breath, not even remotely certain why he’d decided to start on this subject. He and Tony didn’t have conversations like this. But maybe that was the reason. Tony was still on the verge of hyperventilating, and Steve didn’t really think he was listening much at all.
Steve opened a door which he knew led to an elevator that was rarely used by anyone in the tower. He may have known that because he was frequently looking for ways to leave places in the tower without being noticed; who could blame him. At any rate, Steve was happy for his knowledge of the place now.
“Fine.” And Steve figured that was about as much as of a reaction as he was going to get out of Natasha.
Bruce: a box of Steve’s favorite teas, and a card with a promise to take Steve to Little India and show him the places to buy the types of tea he likes best.
There are some big things coming up for these two next, so I hope you'll stick with me and keep reading. I love you all, and I hope you have a lovely weekend.
Before he even got a word out, though, Tony reached forward and tugged on the sleeve of Steve’s coat, pulling his arm closer. Wordlessly, Steve resumed the slow, rhythmic way he’d been rubbing Tony’s shoulder before. Tony closed his eyes and relaxed further into his seat. At that, Steve started to speak.
Tony's point of view, for whatever reason, seems to come easier for me. At least from a writing perspective. How do you think I did with Steve here? Did you like this chapter? Hate it? Fall somewhere on the in-between spectrum? What do you think about Bucky's return so far? What do you think will happen next?
“I apologize if I overstepped,” Steve said carefully. “But I thought you needed to make an exit and take a breath. So I… engineered a way to make that happen.”
What did you think of this chapter? There was a lot in here. Some Stony cuteness, some exposition, some past Pepper/Tony feels, and some Stony relationship-strengthening. I tried to explore a little bit of what happened with Pepper and Tony without pulling us out of the story.
“I’m glad you’re in season three,” Tony murmured. “It’s when things really get great.” He turned up the volume ever so slightly and dropped the remote on the cushion to his left before promptly melting into Steve’s side.
The next morning Natasha told Steve to check Tony’s Twitter account and found a reply to his thread from the night before:
Yes, this is what it sounds like in the chapter title ;). Buckle up, guys. These boys are starting to *realize* things.
don’t understand how there’d be any contest between Luke and Han,” Steve said, without thinking. He figured that wasn’t a controversial stance; his teammates probably assumed he was remarking on the plot of the movie, or something much more artistic than what he was actually talking about.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut while taking in another shaky breath. His hand was still clutching at his chest helplessly. Steve didn't think it was the arc reactor, but for a second his heart skipped a beat.
Steve was still complaining about people’s general lack of respect in the twenty-first century when Tony cut in.
Pepper read the piece first. She loved it and had assured Steve and Tony that it captured their relationship well and also revealed things about each of them as individuals. After spending days answering Addison’s questions, and then a few weeks confirming all the facts, Tony felt like he knew her. He trusted her not to do a hatchet job; she was a genuinely curious and kind person. She’d never once shown any hint of judgment no matter what answers they gave to her questions. But he was still afraid to read it.
“Are you sitting so we can do this?” Tony said, his voice lacking any and all irritation. He just sounded… tired. Tony blinked up at Steve — who was thinking way too hard about this for
I really wanted to take this chapter and run with the idea of Tony, being the genius that he is, also being kind of badass when it comes to emergency medicine. I mean, he got caught unprepared in Afghanistan and now his friends regularly put themselves in mortal danger. Would the Tony we know and love really not prep for the inevitable injuries? I think not. Let me know what you think! I'd love to hear if you agree or disagree.
Also, Disclaimer for anyone wondering: I promise Sam made it upstairs lol. In my head, he was just calling his mom to let her know he was back in the country for the foreseeable future (like the good son he is) and made it upstairs to catch the tail end of Steve and Bucky’s hug. I just couldn’t organically work him into the last scene no matter how I tried, and he only got a check-up via JARVIS in this one. Not for lack of Sam love, I promise. Just cause this chapter was the private reunion moment our boys needed. So yeah, Sam's in his room and he'll be back soon :).
“Is this a SHIELD thing, Rogers?” Tony asked as he exited the elevator, still walking more robotically than Steve was used to. “Because I still don’t trust—”
I wanted to give you all a clear list of the team's gifts to Steve because some were less clear than others. So here goes:
The first clue was that Tony was actively leaning away from the men he was talking to. Steve had learned firsthand that Tony was an incredibly tactile person. When he
Okay, so I swear these chapters won't all feature Tony having a panic attack. I really, really promise. But for the time being, this is where we are lol. Please let me know what you think and what questions, comments, or concerns you have!
Steve surprised himself by not even hesitating. He just maneuvered so his left arm was free to wrap around Tony’s shoulders. Tony sighed and then chuckled when Leslie tried to blame her very obvious flu on
Today @IAmIronMan pointed out that something @AddMorre asked me about during one interview for the Times piece she wrote didn’t make it into the final draft (1/5)
We're back in Steve's head/perspective for this chapter because it's been a bit and it felt like it was time.
As things went, when Steve and Nat arrived at Camp Leigh hours later, Tony had enough of a handle on the place to detect the incoming missile with a decent head start. He sent Nat the warning when it was two minutes out, and successive warnings after that.
Hey guys! Happy belated Halloween. I tried to get this chapter up as a Halloween present, but I was a day late. I hope you all enjoyed it nonetheless. This chapter was particularly fluffy, but I enjoyed writing the team dynamic again. Let me know what you think!
For anyone who might be interested, I thought I would share that I've decided to continue some storylines in this verse in a series called the "Together" series. If you're interested in following along, please feel free to subscribe :).
I love you all! I hope you enjoyed this story, and if you decide to continue reading, I hope you enjoy the stories to come just as much <3. If we don't cross paths again, thank you so much for reading. It meant the world to me <3.
Lisa returns!! Probably not under the circumstances everyone hoped, but she was such a popular character in the past that I just had to bring her back ;).
since he’d woken up had even attempted to test the waters on Steve’s views about homosexuality or same-sex relationships. And, yet, two weeks after the charity event, during Team Movie Night, Tony just brought it up without hesitation.
The title comes from the song of the same name by Lauv. I can't explain why, but ever since the first time I heard it, it's made me think of Steve and Tony :). Check it out here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7fzkqLozwA.
As Tony called up the next episode of Parks and Rec Steve tried to find a comfortable position. It seemed impossible without touching Tony in about four different places.
Right now? Tony was scanning the outskirts of the room rather than making eye contact with the men near him. If Steve had to guess, Tony was looking for the nearest exit. That was cause enough for concern.
First, it was the fact that he’d set up a Tower Compost Program, to cut down on food waste. Granted, Steve doubted Tony’d had a hand in that himself. But he was
Thank you all so much for reading! I love your feedback and reading what you have to say after I post each chapter. I hope you're having a great day!
They were watching A New Hope because Steve still hadn’t seen Star Wars and Tony said that was a tragedy of epic proportions. The movie was coming to a close. The Death Star had been destroyed and, all in all, Steve had genuinely enjoyed the movie. They’d made it to the medal ceremony, and as Han winked at Leia with his roguish, smuggler charm Tony chuckled quietly.
I love hearing all of your thoughts, so please drop me a comment! Also, if you'd like to chat about the chapter/this story/marvel/writing/literally anything, I'm on tumblr!!! Come chat with me! I'm @superhusbands-superfan and I'd love to hear from you. Thanks so much for reading my work. I love you all!
Hey again everyone! Thank you so much for diligently reading my story. It honestly means the world to me. I'd love to hear what you think about the characters so far and about how everything is going, so drop me a comment - even if it's something super short I'll love reading it!
“Why don’t we just blow it off?” Steve suggested instead, hoping that Tony would actually consider it if he offered up the alternative.
She knew Tony never got enough sleep, and she suspected that although he hid it better, Steve didn’t either. It may be sentimental and stupid, but she couldn’t resist padding into the living room on silent feet.
Tony chuckled and rolled the magazine up so he could brandish the paper tube easily in one hand. He wanted to find Steve. No, needed to. He’d finally gotten to the bottom of it — and without even trying! Luckily, Steve was only steps away in the living room on one of the recliners that faced the windows.
Steve saw the exact moment when Tony spotted him. His eyes widened and his smile became somehow more panicked, the tension stretching up from the tightness of his jaw to the lines around eyes. Steve wasn’t sure what to make of that, but he wasn’t about to change course.
“Why don’t we just stay here for a minute?” Steve suggested, his voice quiet but firm. He stepped closer to Tony, reaching a hand out slowly, before hesitating. He didn’t want to startle Tony with an unwanted touch. “Is it okay if I touch your shoulder?”
“I, uh,” Tony started, his voice sounding strained. He ran a hand through his hair. “Sorry. For spazzing out.”
Also, you can come fangirl with me on Tumblr — I'm @superhusbands-superfan and I mostly reblog stony fics and content.
Fun fact about me: I actually adore Pepper Potts. I love Tony and Pepper together, and if they live happily ever after in the MCU and have a family I will be overjoyed. I really just love when Tony is happy. With that said, they obviously can't be together in this world where Steve and Tony are clearly made for each other ;). So I had to kind of explain what happened to their relationship; in this world, they ended things amicably after the events of Iron Man 3 and then Tony moved to New York.
“Right,” Tony leaned back in the chair and scrubbed his hands on his pants. Steve pulled away from Tony and leaned back in his own chair, trying to give him the space it seemed like he wanted.
So... *hides behind computer screen* what do you think? Did I do them justice? I'll admit, I wasn't in love with the very last line, but it also felt right.
Okay, so now we're at the beginning of October 2013. It's all moving toward something, I promise, and I'm trying to keep it as true to the MCU as I can given the very obvious liberties I'm taking with the characters.
“Yes, fine,” Steve replied evenly. “There’s just a situation we need to address. If you can step away?”
Okay. This chapter became a MONSTER. And it was originally combined with the NEXT chapter, but now they're two chapters. Please don't hate me. I'm posting the next chapter very, very soon. But I wanted to give you guys something for being so patient and for helping me reach over 300 kudos and more than 80 comments. You're truly the best readers ever!
Steve headed directly to the nearest exit, apologizing as he slipped between groups of people chattering away with Tony close behind him. The fact that Tony wasn’t saying anything suggested to Steve that he still wasn't as fine as he’d been trying to convince everyone.
1) I had to go between so many "voices" for this chapter. My normal one for this story, the one Addison used to write them, AND then Steve and Tony's for the Tweets.
So? What do you think? I hope I'm doing them justice! It felt right to me that Steve would realize how he was feeling first, but let me know if you agree or disagree.
I can even give you a quick rundown of what you've missed if you don't feel like reading it all: This story picks up in June 2014, but Steve and Tony have been together since July 2013. I had the events of Winter Soldier taking place in April 2014.
When Steve finally reached the group, Tony’s mouth snapped shut. Apparently whatever he’d been about to say wasn’t going to work anymore. Steve tried not to think about that much. Instead, he addressed the two gentlemen, aiming for a tone he hoped was professional and slightly apologetic.
Steve wasn’t entirely sure Tony was even aware that he was still in a room with Steve at this point. Tony’s eyes were distant, and not the way he would get when he was thinking too hard about something. This was obviously something else, and Steve thought he had an idea of what was happening.
Steve has been off looking for Bucky and taking out HYDRA ever since, but he's still very much with and devoted to Tony (reading the last two chapters of "I like me better" might help explain this in-depth). But the most important things to know are that Steve and Tony love each other very much and Steve *has* told Tony that HYDRA used the Winter Soldier to kill his parents. So consider Civil War entirely avoided. And please enjoy!
that abstinence-only sex-ed was a waste of time?” Tony asked, out of nowhere. His shoulders were shaking with laughter under Steve’s hand.
Steve turned to face his teammates on the other couch. Clint and Natasha were both staring at Steve with strange expressions on their faces. Bruce, on the other hand, got up to help Tony with the popcorn after offering Steve a friendly smile. Steve wasn’t sure anything really surprised Bruce anymore.
Also, while I have you, I have a quick question! Do you have anything you absolutely think this story should be tagged as?? I want to make sure anyone who is searching for specific themes/tropes/etc. can find this story if it fits, so I’m wondering if you guys think I should include anything I haven’t yet. Or any potential trigger warnings I might be missing!
This is set just a couple days after the kiss that outed Steve and Tony's relationship to the media. It's still the beginning of October 2013. Enjoy!
Also... I have a few more chapters/partial chapters in this universe drafted. They'd be part of another fic, if I ever posted them... but still in this same world and timeline. Would anyone be interested? It might involve a few of our favs... Peter Parker or more Pepper Potts for example? There also might be a proposal. Potentially a wedding? If that's something you might be interested in, please let me know :). And definitely subscribe to this story and me as an author.
“Okay,” Steve took a deep breath trying to come up with something to say. He’d also been touching Tony before, but he didn’t think that was what Tony was asking for now. He steadied himself — he’d decided to rant about waste because
Tony was nearly three-quarters of the way done writing the code Agent Hill had asked for when Tony got the next update about Steve. This time, it wasn’t from Steve directly. Instead, JARVIS pulled up a D.C. NBC affiliate and let Tony, Bruce, and Pepper watch in horror as Steve, Nat, and Sam were arrested by SHIELD on national television.
“One last thing, Tones.” Rhodey yells from across the room, stopping Tony is his tracks. “Promise me no more drinking.”
“My memory gets a bit foggy and the dream goes hazy for a while, but then suddenly everything clears and all I can see is... Rogers -- he's on top of me smashing his fists into my mask, slamming the shield into my chest over and over, driving it all the way home even though I've --"
“This is only a relapse Tony, just a minor setback.” Rhodey swallows, choosing his words carefully. “Remember what Dr. Lee said? The nightmares are supposed to get worse as the days narrow to their arrival. That doesn’t mean you’re not getting better though.”
That, had hurt, a lot. To find out that on the last days of their relationship, while Tony was losing sleep fighting tooth and nail to modify the Accords to meet Steve’s fancy, Steve had been drawing pictures of another man.
Tony thinks back to the portrait of Bucky in Steve’s journal, delicate lines sketching his eyes and lips. The twist in Tony’s stomach is answer enough.
The situation doesn’t call for violence in the end, and though Tony wouldn’t quite consider himself a warmonger he quickly learns he’d rather fight to the death than watch the way Wanda’s shaking hands still under Steves gentle touch or how Clints jaw unclenches in a frustrated groan at the shake of Steve's head.
Tony knows he should feel some sort of wicked satisfaction every time his lawyers describe yet another countermeasure put in place to protect the Avengers and their freedom, but he doesn’t. If Steve had just given Tony the chance to explain the Accords back then, if he’d been willing to talk, compromise even — hell if he’d have just listened to Tony then maybe… maybe...
She opens her mouth ready to argue once again when, without warning, the harsh slam of a door shutting interrupts. Chatter follows and together Tony and Pepper listen to the muffled conversation as, for the first time in nearly a year, the rogues are reunited with Rhodey and Vision.
“Look are you done with the small talk?” Tony demands, taking a swift step back and narrowly avoiding Steve’s touch. “Because I really do have a meeting-”
Then he remembers how Steve failed to show him a similar mercy back in Siberia when he left Tony for dead, in a foreign country with blood spilling from the gaps in his broken suit. Suddenly Tony’s fingers twitch to throttle Steve instead.
Tony must blackout. He doesn’t remember the event that follows those few split seconds after Steve wraps a clammy hand around Tony’s wrist, but as his vision clears and his eyes piece together the pixelated scene in front of him, it isn’t difficult to guess what actions occurred.
Rolling his eyes as Pepper reaches out to pet Dum-E, Tony’s slightly miffed that his bots seem to enjoy Peppers company more than his. Perhaps it was a running theme in the Stark family for sons to hate their fathers.
Tony spins around to find Pepper trotting towards him, files clutched protectively to her chest as she tiptoes around discarded metal parts and tools.
Noticing the subtle slur of tongue, sweat-stained mattress and Tony’s shaking body, Rhodey quickly recognises the symptoms of a panic attack. Tony was doing anything but coping.
Between Tony's pounding temples and ringing ears, he hears a small creak from across the room and his head snaps up to find Rhodey leaning in the doorway; leg braces, crutches and all.
There is an overwhelming smell of something like iron, subconsciously Tony knows it’s not the metal from his suit.
“A PhD you say? How big we talking? Because I haven’t seen any action in a long time and it gets quite lonely som--”
Tony takes another gulp to suppress a shiver, humming gently as the burning liquor soothes his throat. His head is still reeling from the dream and he rations that perhaps, if he drinks enough, he'll be able to drown out his mother's harrowing screams as she cries Howard's name, over and over.
A pause follows as Tony closes his eyes to sort through his thoughts. The darkness behind his eyelids remind Tony of a particular nightmare. If he concentrates enough, Tony can just about block out Dum-E’s whirring and the stink of coffee and instead, he focuses on the inky black clouds that pull him from reality.
When Steve spots Tony strutting over from the other side of the room, however, he drops his defensive stance as a wave of relief floods his body, washing over him like the rays of soft sunlight that spread over Wakanda. His shoulders sag and his chest deflates as Steve releases a breath of air he hadn’t realised he was holding.
For a few seconds, neither of them say anything. Tony takes the opportunity to relish in the quiet company, suddenly aware that this was probably the last time he and Rhodey would share the house together alone.
His eyes are soft around the edges but tough in the middle, a hard glaze layered over his gentle blue pupils. For a second, Tony almost believes the concern in his eyes is genuine.
God, this was almost too dramatic for even genius, billionaire, philanthropist, and playboy Tony Stark himself.
“I’m going to sue you for sexual harassment in the workplace.” He grumbles sourly but Pepper only laughs.
It had been a while since Tony had resorted to the sharp sting of alcohol as a way to cope with his dreams. Had you saw him a year ago you would've found a broken man with scarlet threaded eyes searching for answers at the bottom of a bottle but recently, especially over the last few months, Tony hadn't touched a drop.
His apology is met by shocked expressions (excluding Rhodey and Vision, of course) and quite frankly Tony is offended that they all seem surprised by his basic manners; then again decent humanity may come as a foreign concept to the rogues. It’s not like any of them were particularly known for their pleasantries and… wow, was there still some unchecked resentment stewing in Tony's subconscious.
Rhodey and Vision part to the sides as Tony and Pepper near, creating room for them to join the little crowd of superheros that had formed.
It's been so long since Tony last heard Steve’s voice, he’s forgotten the effect it has on him. There’s a silkiness that laces Steve’s tone, the same gentleness that used to bring Tony down to his knees. It’s soft and curls around him like a blanket of comfort, invading his senses, helping him draw in cold air through his nostrils and clearing his clouded vision.
The car rolls to a stop and four black doors open as one by one the people he once called family step out and onto the pavement. They look harmless on screen, like action figures scuttling about trying to balance suitcases on top of each other as if they’re playing a game of tetris, but Tony knows better than to fall for their domestic display.
Why was he telling Steve all this? He’d hardly even opened up to Pepper and Rhodey about the betrayal he felt, the nightmares that made him wake up screaming.
‘Wait, what?’ Tony scrambled up into sitting on his knees, watching as Steve got up and reached for his jacket.
Pencils rolled out of the pages as Tony picked it up, flicking through it, stopping at the last page.
‘I’m working,’ Tony told her, rolling away from her on his stool and escaping, leaping to his feet as she chased after him. ‘JARVIS, fire up the plans for the arc reactor project, would you?’ Tony asked, pointing at DUM-E with a stern frown, encouraging him back into his corner.
Tony wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but it wasn’t for Steve to lower his head, flicking his eyes up at the last minute as the flat of his tongue stroked over his perineum. Tony’s head flung back against the armrest of the couch as Steve’s tongue ventured lower, calling out as it finally breached his body, encouraging Tony’s hands back into his hair.
He hadn’t lied to Tony back then. He wasn’t the same as the other reincarnations that had come before him. They all held the same spark of life, the same tether to his soul the others had, but they were all unique in their own way. Steve had cared for…loved them all in his own way, but it was only Tony who rivaled the romantic feelings Steve had held for the one who had come first, his first love, his original soulmate.
‘Stark Industries is one of the largest tech conglomerates in the world. We create technology for all sorts of things, weapons for…’ Tony trailed off, the words shriveling up on his tongue.
‘Eternals, yup. He showed me pictures and JARVIS verified them. H’s telling the truth. The army…decades ago made a serum that was meant to make soldiers stronger, but it didn’t, it made them immortal, and I’m trying to find records of it.’
Sensing it, or reading it in his posture, Steve shifted down the couch, keeping his gaze locked with Tony, his stomach resting against Tony’s hips, his head now level with the scar over his heart.
Turning away from the door, Tony watched Steve move around his penthouse. It was strange, when Tony brought people here, they immediately went to the window to look at the view, or they were drawn to anything that displayed Tony’s wealth, the gadgets, the technology, but Steve had bypassed all of that, looking instead at the bookshelves, the small pieces of his life that meant nothing to anyone but Tony. A few screws from his first bot, pictures of him and Rhodey at MIT, a shiny rock he had found as a kid and was convinced brought him good luck.
Tony was thrown back to when he was a child, watching his mother cry as her soulmate destroyed the meaning of the word, sleeping with other women, ignoring her, disrespecting her. No. Tony would find his own love without it all being ordained in the stars or some other bullshit. The constant tug and pull inside his chest to find his other half had been ignored for thirty years so far, he could ignore it for thirty more.
‘You want to come on me?’ Tony whispered, flicking his tongue against Steve’s lips, darting inside when it opened on a gasp.
‘Tony, man, you’re seeing this all wrong. We still have choices, we don’t have to be romantically bound to our soulmates, hell, you can walk away if you want. This, fleshy prison of your meaty body, that’s all it is, the you inside there, that’s Tony Stark. I don’t care who you were before, who you’ll be after this, you only live once. How do we know that we all aren’t reborn over and over, what makes you so goddamn special?’
‘Why? Got some top secret stuff you need to discuss in my very public office?’ Rhodey chuckled, looking over his shoulder when Tony didn’t quip back. ‘Tony? Everything-’
He wasn’t the clinging type, he didn’t want to form long term relationships, he just wanted to pass the time away for a few hours, scratch an itch and all that. He couldn’t explain why the craving for Steve Rogers was still present, becoming more incessant as the days wore on, plucking away at the inside of Tony’s brain.
‘Your place, it’s nice, even with the mess,’ Tony teased, meaning it. It was nowhere near as big as his penthouse, but that place was insane, more for show than comfort, Steve’s place felt lived in, homely, little pieces of the man littered about. The décor was a gentle chromatic palette, drenched in sunlight courtesy of the huge windows, which the plants in shelves next to the window no doubt loved.
‘Very much so.’ Steve said the words like a prayer, like he was aching, running the edges of his nails down the back of this thighs, stopping to squeeze Tony’s ass. ‘It’s hard to miss this.’
Resting his weight on one hand, Steve cupped Tony’s face with the other, fingertips trailing over his skin, through the hair of his goatee, a thumb rubbing over his lower lip, trailing over his jaw and down his throat. Tony arched into the touch, needing more, his skin tingling everywhere that Steve touched, flicking his tongue against the pad of Steve’s thumb, tasting the charcoal that stained it.
‘JARVIS, can you clear my schedule for tomorrow?’ Tony asked as he walked into the kitchen, looking for a bottle of wine.
okay he was with this. Steve let out his own moan as Tony rubbed himself against him, his hand trailing up Tony’s side, dragging the T-shirt with it, his skin prickling from the sensation as the cooler air met his bare skin.
‘What do you do, Tony?’ Steve asked suddenly, interrupting Tony’s daydream about those muscular arms wrapped around him, the firmness of the thighs he could see straining the suit pants.
‘I know how that looks, how this appears but…’ Steve trailed off, crossing his arms over his chest and looking at his feet. ‘Your eyes, they’re beautiful and I haven’t stopped thinking about them since your penthouse the other day. I…well I wanted to capture them on paper. Sorry, that’s just what artists do I guess.’
“Thanks for waiting.” Tony apologizes, pinching the bridge of his nose and rubbing the inner corner of his eyes. “I didn’t mean to be late, just got caught up in some paperwork and didn’t realise the time.”
“If that’s all then I’d best be going--” Tony starts suddenly, pressing his hands flat against the conference table and standing up.
“Good, that’s good.” Steve smiles, choosing to ignore Tony’s frosty tone. Tony doesn't reciprocate the kind gesture and an uncomfortable silence settles between them.
Rhodey barks a laugh at her cheekiness and Tony groans in exasperation. He doesn’t really mind though, Tony appreciates any sort of conversation that doesn’t involve his suicidal tendencies, the Avengers or the old delivery guy that continued to call Tony ‘Mr. Stank’. Don’t get Tony Stark started on that bloody postman.
It was a terrifying realisation. Tony didn’t want the warm sanctuary he and Rhodey had built around themselves, Peter and Vision to be destroyed.
Friends? He remembers the weight of Rogers’ arms around his shoulders, pulling him in for a warm hug on Tony’s birthday. The soft pressure of his fingers on Tony’s back, squeezing tightly and whispering a gentle ‘Happy Birthday Buddy’ in his ear. (Okay, so the ‘buddy’ stung a little but the feeling of Rogers’ calloused fingers rubbing the small of Tony’s back lessened the blow.)
“Sorry for tha’ depression session.” Tony chuckles. “I’m just being dramatic. Everythin’s getting to my head. M’sorta worried that m’never going to get better. Was just another shitty nightmare. Where’s Pepper? What time s’it? How long till they get here?”
“Talk me through it.” Rhodey prompts gently, laying a reassuring hand on Tony’s sweatpant bound shin. Tony’s eyes dart to the interaction and he tenses as he tries not to flinch.
“I’m fine.” Tony rasps, just about managing to spit the words out as he throws back his head in a pant, trying to suck in short bursts of oxygen. “Give me some space, Jesus.”
“Not often I get to see you reduced to a nervous mess.” Pepper teases, eliciting a huff from Tony. “Humble is a good look on you.”
“In an hour which I can’t miss. It’s been a pleasure.” In three swift movements, Tony swipes his Stark laptop and an annotated copy of the accords into his arms, manoeuvres out from behind the table and paces out the room.
“-the world needs us; it needs the Avengers.” Tony exhales shakily. “I can deal with Cap and his disciples if it means the rest of the world is safe.”
The lawyers shift uncomfortably in their seats, obviously sensing the growing tension and Tony fingers the watch on his wrist for support. He doesn’t expect to use it, but Tony finds comfort in the cold metal that cools his fingertips; knowing that in a moments notice he can transform the elegant jewelry into an iron fist with a tap and a swipe if the occasion escalates. Like Tony said before though, he doesn’t think he’ll need to use it but he’s been so very wrong before and he’ll be damned if he’s caught off guard ever again.
For Tony, seeing Steve had the exact opposite effect. Believe it or not but there had been a time where simply Steve’s presence could put Tony at ease, that isn't the case right now. Tony reminds himself that this pain in his chest isn’t palladium poisoning, but heartache.
There is such a defeated rawness to his words as if the thoughts had been festering under Tony’s tongue like soiled feelings.
“He was sick.” Tony states down the phone as he makes his way to a seat at the opposing head, barely containing a sigh as the schools receptionist begins explaining the conditions for a school absence.
At that, Tony pushes himself from the bed and pulls off his sticky shirt, throwing it on top of the pile of dirty bed sheets. Stumbling around the bed, Tony makes his way to the door of his ensuite where he can hear the shower already running, no doubt FRIDAY has set the water to his preferred temperature.
“First things first, as you may have noticed the compound has been completely renovated since the last time you were all here. The room layouts have changed also, so if you need help navigating your way around just ask FRIDAY.” Tony motions to the ceiling.
-- far too many times before with too many ‘what if’s plaguing his mind but no amount of BARF technology or therapy could turn back the time to change the past and answer his questions; even Tony’s friend Strange refused to tell him of a reality where Tony and Steve worked things out so what was the point in wishful thinking if it only ever ended in bitter tears and empty ice cream tubs?
Let’s ignore the part where I ghosted this story and went on a five month hiatus after posting the FIRST chapter.
He’s in his workshop, working on a new lightweight frame to replace Rhodeys current leg braces when the hum of a car engine fills Tony’s speakers. He glances up from the holotable, looking over at his desk of monitors where he finds a live camera feed of the front doorstep.
“You do that.” She grins as she drags Tony by the hand across the room.  “But first, let's go meet your old buddies.”
I'm surprised by how much fun I had with this chapter. It came together in my head fairly easily, (what?! That never happens) and I just sort of ran with it.
So... what do you think? A huge part of why I started writing this was to explore the ideas of superheroes dealing with mental health issues because that's incredibly important to me, so I wanted to be sure to get back to that. I hope you think I'm doing Tony justice in this chapter. Feel free to let me know what you think! Even a simple ":)" lets me know that you think I'm on the right track ;).
‘Mr Rogers!’ Tony placed a hand over his chest, ignoring the way his body shifted the slightest bit up into Steve’s hold, the grin on his face that revealed it hadn’t gone unnoticed. ‘I thought you to be a gentleman!’
, Steve begged, squeezing his eyes closed. ‘End my suffering, our suffering, let our souls follow each other after death and let us have a happy ending.’
‘I’ve tried…several times. I’m going to have to get a blow torch or something to rip apart…whatever you’ve used to stick it to the wall with.’
‘My best friend, Rhodey, he’s a military man too, guess I’m just drawn to people like that,’ Tony teased, wanting to break Steve from his trance.
‘But, they still come back to their soulmate right?’ Tony asked, getting wrapped up in the story, forgetting about mingling with the other guests.
Steve sat up on his knees, taking his weight from Tony, allowing him to gaze down and see his body in its entirety. His gaze lingered on Tony’s scar, a flash of something dark and possessive smearing across his face for a moment before it cleared, his expression raw as he gazed into Tony’s eyes. Carefully, so Tony could see what he was doing, Steve stretched his hand out, cupping the side of his throat.
Stane’s attack on him, the attempt to wrestle away the power Howard had given him, left him standing on shaky ground. Unable to find his feet, he was on his knees, trying to fend off the wolves that sought to destroy the legacy of Stark Industries, while trying to defend himself at the same time.
‘Jarvis tried to introduce me to culture years ago, my own mother tried. I don’t know anything about it. I’m better at chatting up business partners, Pepper,’ Tony tried again, leaning against the bar and rubbing a hand over his chest.
Ignoring the issue of the dog tags and the tangled ball of complication that it entailed, Tony reached for the photo book, flipping the pages until he found what he was looking for.
The name pierced his chest, spreading out like spiderwebs to entangle in his lungs and heart, infusing every breath, every heartbeat with the name. Steve breathed deep, feeling at peace for the first time in decades. He moved away from the pair, pretending to look at other art pieces before being drawn back to his own canvas as always, the essence of his first love captured by the strokes of his brush, the closest thing to immortal his love could be.
‘Drink?’ he called, ripping his tie off and undoing the first few buttons of his shirt, throwing his jacket over the back of the leather couch.
‘Tony, I know you, know behind the bluster and the glam there’s an emotionally scarred individual who wants the ever after. You want the soulmate, the happy ending.’ Rhodey reached out again, flinching when Tony knocked his hand away, shoving back his chair so he could stalk around the office.
‘Wait are you serious? You’re asking me, Tony Stark, what I do?’ Tony spluttered some of his wine back into the glass.
Rewiring circuitry distracted him from external influences, his mind free from the conundrum that had plagued him for the last week or so.
This was so much harder than Pepper made it out to be, being vulnerable in front of someone you didn’t know that well, someone you wanted to know better, and you just had to pray they felt the same way. He felt exposed, terrified, and his hand came up to cover the scar on his chest, his foot taking a step back.
‘Wait!’ Tony blurted, meeting Steve’s gaze and slowly lifting his arms above his head, his T-shirt going with it. Now he was bare in all sense of the word, his soul, his vulnerability. He still wore his sweatpants, but he hadn’t ever been shy about nudity, he had a damn fine cock, and he knew it, but this, allowing someone to see his scar, a reminder of the betrayal, was a new experience.
Lonely at the top. That saying really underplayed the feelings that came with it. The loneliness was a crippling thing that crept up on him at night, invaded his dreams, his waking hours. It drove him into the arms of countless people, their attention a quick flash of light in the darkness of his soul. There were other motes of brightness, Rhodey and Pepper, his platonic soul mates, the ones who understood him, who truly got him. They understood his late night inventing binges were the inevitable chase of him trying to avoid his demons, that the girls were just a band aid on a tortured soul.
Exhaling loudly, Steve walked over to a chest of drawers in the corner of the room, still giving Tony a wide berth. Rummaging in the draws, he pulled out an intricate wooden box, which he presented to Tony.
‘Jarvis was my butler when I was a child, he was more a father to me than my own and…I wanted to honor him in some way. JARVIS is my greatest achievement-’
This was his life, the glitz and glam that came with being one of the most powerful CEOs in America. A pioneer in renewable energy and technology, an inventor of the unthinkable.
He met Steve for another kiss, his head becoming foggy with the sensation, everything shutting down apart from the singular burning purpose of wanting Steve and wanting him now, of wanting to be swamped by him, drowning in the sensations. It should have scared him, the loss of his self like this, but he knew, in the core of his being that he could trust Steve, that he could let go and just be Tony with him.
Tony looked away from the hand Steve offered then, meeting his gaze and seeing the honesty burning in his eyes.
Steve suddenly yelled into his throat, his cock pulsing in Tony’s hand as he came all over Tony’s stomach and hand, collapsing on top of him.
He thought about lying, or making a snarky quip, but Tony didn’t feel like he had it in him. Instead, he stepped closer, resting his forehead on her collarbone and slumping against her.
This was approaching territory Tony knew now, Stark Industries had looked into similar things, serums to enhance soldiers, nanorobotics that could be introduced to a human skeletal system.
‘Don’t be,’ Steve whispered in his ear, his voice a few octaves lower than before as he nipped at Tony’s ear lobe, shooting spikes of fevered want straight into his body. His fingers tightened into claws on Steve’s back as the man exploited his weakness, running the edge of his nose around the shell of Tony’s ear before running the flat of his tongue over it, making him whimper, his legs drawing up instinctively as he craved more, his knees pressing into the sides of Steve’s hips.
‘I’m not alone if that’s what you’re asking. I have Bucky, my best friend from my original unit, the others, but yes, it hurt. I always kept tabs on all of them, trying to look after them in the way I could, keeping them safe, even as I watched them live a life without me.’ Steve’s hand remained in the air, reaching out for him, but Tony could see the tremble in his fingers, the fear that he would be knocked away again.
‘Fuck, Steve,’ Tony gasped trying not to thrust down, his mind becoming muddled the longer Steve probed at him with his tongue, stretching his body, coaxing him into relaxing. His hand circled around Tony’s hip, holding his legs aloft by his shoulders alone, and holy fuck the sheer strength of him made Tony achingly hard, almost weeping at the power of this man.
‘I can move your morning meetings, but Miss Potts has insisted I am not allowed to move the afternoon board meeting. She threatened to rip my wires out if I do.’
Of course he didn’t have a traditional soul mate. He was Tony Stark, he didn’t do normal, but he had found his soulmate and he’d always been protective over his stuff.
The charity auction was taking place on the entire top floor of Stark Industries, not only giving the guests break taking views of New York spread out beneath their feet like scattered jewels on a plush black carpet, it also gave the company a much needed publicity boost.
‘No, Tony. I feel it too. Come on, there’s something I want to show you that will explain everything.’
His hand came up to rest against the back of Steve’s head, not tugging him away, his fingers twining in blonde hair as he brought him closer, wanting the attention, his body burning from how sensitive his skin was becoming.
So, he pulled himself up and did what he had to. He needed a plan, and he needed one now. And first… He needed a ship. A way to get off this stupid fucking planet.
The nannies were set on a four person rotation, covering twelve hour shifts. Peter seemed to learn just as quick as he had, and Tony got biweekly reports on Peter's progress. There were times that Tony did see Peter, briefly, when one nanny was relieving another. Peter didn't seem to like the nannies as much as he liked Tony. Though, Tony had never even picked him up, even though Peter was nearly one.
"The Avengers will know what to do. Bruce can build something to track the energy signals of the Stones. Find the stone's and you'll find Thanos. Track him, ambush him if you have to, and take him down. Use the gauntlet to take him down, and bring everyone back. Strange, these guys called the Guardians… Peter… If you can get the gauntlet, you can save them all."
And it was easier. Steve led his team in the frontal assault, and started pushing the titan back. Once he was close enough, and before he could start using his one stone against them, Tony and the flanking team jumped in. He and Carol threw punches and energy blasts alike, while Clint hailed a rain of arrows.
Also, if you haven't read the comment by my friend BatmanFanGirl96 in the last chapter, go back and read it. She's been raving about writing it forever, and it will make more sense if you read it before reading this chapter. Anyway, hope you like this chapter!
“Tony, don't drink out of the bottle,” his pops chided, though he seemed to give up as he turned to his friends, taking a moment to shake each of their hands. “Steve Rogers. I'm Peter's step father. Harry, nice to see you again, and you must be Ned.” Pops smiled, clapping Ned on the shoulder. “You've been a good friend to Peter, I hear. Thank you for that.” And then Pops grinned at Bucky, still talking to Ned. “You know, I had a friend like you when I was your age. A good fella who stuck around and helped me even when I didn't want it. Always picking up dames as I tried to keep him focused.”
When they finally reached the base, Tony showed Peter around for a bit. He loved looking at the different planes, and somehow ended up sitting on Tony’s shoulders as he walked around, the Cap plush sitting on his head. When they found Rhodey, he was lecturing about pilotless planes.
With planning done, they broke to get to bed early. They'd need their strength for the hard fight the next day.
But what sucked more? Oh, just fighting Hulked out Bruce in the Hulkbuster armor. That sucked most. Because it hurt like a bitch, and Bruce is his friend, god damn it!
Her brow creased, confused, eyes darting back to the screen for a second before back up at him. "I… can't. If I stop typing, we can't talk and I'll have to summarize in your next POV segment."
Though he was never there, whenever Peter saw Tony, he was excited. He called him Dad, or a word that he didn't know, surprisingly. Friday would later inform him that it's what the ancient greek word for father was. Apparently, Peter's mother had a second major in Mythology. Peter liked the stories of his mother's gods.
“Boss and the Captain had an incident with the cake,” Friday said, making Ned, Gwen, and even Harry jump in surprise. “They left an hour ago to retrieve another, and will return before the actual party starts to meet your friends. Your suit for tomorrow’s event have been pressed and is hanging on the inside of your door.”
Betrayal stung sharp in his gut, burning and twisting as he clenched his fists. The wolf had double crossed him. Maybe after he left, she had changed her notes, or had given him an old copy. It didn't matter what she did, though. She had tricked him.
"We walked from Queens," Ned huffed out. "When everything happened, we got stuck, and we couldn't get ahold of Peter or Mr. Stark!"
When Tony left for Afghanistan, Pepper had taken charge of Peter, and brought him with her to wave him off at the strip. Tony didn't do anything other say give Peter's hair a ruffling before getting on board with Rhodey.
As much as it pained Steve to hear that the two were gone, he couldn't bring himself to care at the moment. He hurried to the living room, finding the two children sitting in a pile of blankets in front of one of the large couches. They looked up when Steve came in, and the swell of relief in his chest is almost painful.
Also, it is being posted entirely unproofred, and there are SOOO many holes that I just can't fix right now.
“Right.” His dad pulled a large bottle of orange juice out, opening it to drink straight from the bottle before he spoke. “Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, superhero.”
He didn't wait to see what they did, instead flying out to go find the Jericho. And he did, only to get knocked from the sky. When he stood, he faced off with a tank. He dodged the first missile, and sent a little counter of his own, destroying the tank in one go. And, with men firing bullets at him, he rose, and destroyed the Jericho in one move.
Wade blinked, then grinned wide as he turned to look at the board. It was the perfect name for him. Super cool and badass. It was the perfect name! “
Before he could even open his mouth to speak or turn around, something connected with the back of his head, and Peter was falling to the ground as the world faded to black.
So there he was, relaxing on the couch with Steve, a tablet in hand as Steve watched some Christmas movie. The one about the reindeer. Tony wasn’t as interested, and simply leaned on Steve as he was tapping away at plans and paperwork.
‘You know, you create distance between yourself and others. You can’t understand people if you only throw money at the problems.’
‘Because love doesn’t mean you hold onto them at any cost. That you entrap them. One didn’t believe me, one was against the idea of soul mates, another met someone else, and I let them all go.’
It made no sense, and it gave him a headache trying to logically debate it inside his own mind, but Tony knew Steve was telling the truth, and he knew what he was going to say next.
There. Tony spoke the truth, the thing that had been keeping him up at night, throwing himself into his work.
Steve’s grip on his cock was agony at first, the barest brush of fingers against his skin, lingering and teasing, making Tony gasp out and try and buck his hips up, nearly sobbing as Steve held his hip firm with one huge hand, immobilizing him to the onslaught of pleasure. When it became unbearable, the touches became firm sweeps, teasing him in alternate strokes to his tongue thrusting in and out of his body, driving Tony to the very precipice of orgasm.
Tony inhaled deeply, taking comfort from her perfume, the smell of the Stark Industries office, everything that made Pepper, Pepper. She was a guiding light in his life, his compass, she wouldn’t steer him wrong. He could be honest around her.
Tony looked at the painting. The similarity was uncanny, it looked like one of those pictures where they dressed you in old clothes and restyled your hair, pretending you were in the eighteen century or something.
Pepper steered them over to the bar, bypassing the ice sculptures glinting in the ambient lights overhead, a soft glow rather than the harsh illumination they usually used for this floor.
Steve made a soft noise of distress in his throat, shifting forward on the couch and then halting, giving Tony his space, letting him get it all out.
‘No, that’s nothing you can’t find out from reading online, my life story is fodder for the media machine, the only reason I told you that was because I understand wanting to create something. Look, I might know nothing about art, and my motives were less than pure when I invited you up here, but I meant it when I said I liked your art piece.’
‘I’ll leave that up to you, Tony,’ Steve told him, reaching down to kiss him goodbye, which Tony accepted, his treacherous body craving it.
Shoving all those conflicting feelings down inside his head, Tony decided he was going to find Rhodey’s new office art piece himself. Walking amongst the paintings, he found he actually liked some of the pieces, but none of them were awful enough for Rhodey. He needed a nude piece, that would be perfect. Tony cackled as he imagined Rhodey’s face after he’d turned up at his military office with it No, he would stick it on the wall first, why give him the opportunity to reject it?
Tony wondered if it was to do with Steve being his soulmate, if his body somehow craved Steve’s like his soul did.
‘I can feel your pulse, it’s thundering like a rabbit’s,’ Steve told him, his touch sliding down his throat and over his chest, resting over his scar, the mark of how close Tony had come to losing his life.
‘If I’m so different, why did you just let me leave like that?’ Tony asked, reaching over to place his hand on Steve’s forearm, almost hissing at the contrast of his icy fingers and the heat coursing through Steve’s veins.
‘Oh, Tony look at you…Just wait there a moment, okay?’ Steve said, patting his shoulder and leaving him beside the door, trusting him not to bolt again. Tony didn’t move from beside the door, feeling the rain drip down his face and off his nose, his fingers feeling the bite of the cold as he flexed them.
Pepper was right, she always was, and he honestly didn’t know if Steve was his soulmate, or just a handsome guy he had the stirrings of interest for. It wasn’t as if Tony had ever felt romantic feelings for another person before, he could be confusing the two.
‘I thought soulmates were supposed to already love their counterparts,’ Tony challenged, laughing to diffuse the tension as Steve reached down to kiss him again.
‘You know…I have a decent bed at home,’ Tony teased moving over to sit on the edge of it, distracted by a huge canvas covered by a sheet, dominating the far side of the wall, obscuring any natural light from a sky light in the sloping roof.
‘The joke’s on her, you don’t have any wires for her to rip out,’ Tony mumbled, rummaging around in the draw for a wine opener.
The muscles in Steve’s arm flexed at that, and he took a step after him, placing his hand over Tony’s, protecting his heart, ready to shield him from any threats. This was crazy, he’d only known Steve for a few hours, but all Tony wanted to do was curl into his body, to just rest and unleash all of his inner demons, knowing that Steve would hold him tight through it, protecting him.
‘Don’t worry about it, I’m staying in the New York penthouse tonight, that makes it much easier for you to chase them out in the morning.’ He ducked as she swiped at his head, trying to hide her laugh.
Besides, Pepper was adamant about holding out for her soulmate. She was, at her core, a romantic at heart, and ate the propaganda straight from society’s palm. Tony had seen what pain awaited soul mates, had learnt of its lessons straight from his mother’s lap.
‘Already done sir, there has been no tampering, or photo manipulation, these are all original copies.’
Steve pondered, watching as the pair stopped in front of a picture, the adult bending down on his knee so he could speak at the child’s height, gesturing up at a painting.
Tony peeked at Steve from the corner of his eye, the way royal blue sweatpants clung to his firm thighs, a matching tank top showing the tips of his pectorals, a few thin white scars marring the skin of his arms.
‘DUM-E,’ Tony corrected, allowing himself to be led, sitting back on one edge of the black leather couch as Steve took the other side, completely relaxed, waiting for Tony to explain. This…didn’t happen, he might talk to his date for a little bit, but the girls usually perched on the couch, waiting for him to make the move, nervous and skittish until they started making out. Only Rhodey sprawled out on his couch like he owned the place, kicking his feet up on Tony’s expensive mahogany coffee table.
‘I don’t…I don’t know how to explain it, any of this…I hate this whole thing. This is why I don’t do relationships. I don’t like how they clog my brain, my thoughts.’
‘I can see that. I don’t have any family either, just my best friend,’ Steve said, diffusing Tony’s anger.
“There's no need to,” Tony said, going to sit on the couch. “You get him tested, see if he's mine, and when you prove that he is, I call my old nannies and hire them again. They can raise him.”
“It would, of course, have been easier if I had put him up for adoption, I know, and you just might, but I wanted to do my best to prevent that. I was in the foster system myself, since I was three, and the living conditions at so many of the foster homes and orphanages are terrible. Older kids, at all the places I went to, usually beat of the younger ones, since they had a better chance of adoption. But because of my condition, Peter would never get a chance.
“Well, that explains the moves at the Decathlon,” Liz muttered. “I’m guessing you learned that stuff from the Black Widow?” She paused, laughing a little. “That’s probably the weirdest thing I’ve ever said.”
“Whaaat?” Tony gasped, drawing out the a. “Psh! Pep, I'm offended you think I did something! What if I'm calling just to say hello, to see how the best Godmother in the world is?”
“I have to much on my plate already,” Tony groaned, moving from brooding to childish. “There’s dealing with SI inventions, Avengers upgrades, along with Branes leaving with Lewis and having to deal with a pouty Peter. No to mention dealing with Spiderman and Deadpool.”
“We need to get back to a base location to regroup,” Steve mused with a hand on his chin. “Where we can gather everyone that’s left. Friends, family… Anyone and everyone who might be able to help us, or who might need our help.”
Tony huffed, dropping onto the couch beside Steve. "Nope. Can't find a single stone. But if what Thanos said is true, then it makes sense. The mad grape probably used the reality stone to hide the others. We won't be able to do much until Wade comes back."
“No,” Wade said, voice a sharp contrast to what it was before. “I want to hear it. No big words. Just tell me.”
Picking up a USB, he held it out ot her. “This is a lock chip. This’ll get you in. It’s probably under Executive Files. If not, they put it on a ghost drive, in which case you need to look for the lowest numeric heading.”
As everything wrapped up and they were on their way, Tony looked up to see Steve standing in front of him. He looked nervous, and all Tony could think was a vindictive ‘good’. Steve should be nervous. If he wasn’t going to agree to talk, Tony didn’t want to hear it.
“We’re closed,” Weasel called as Wade entered the bar. “Unless you’re the police, come back in an hour.”
“Aside from the no names that no one cared about, that’s one every three weeks, just so you know,” Wade explained, shrugging. “Haven’t really doing much killing in the last year.”
"He's grieving," Tony said, voice oddly soft. "After the weapon-x program, he's been different, sure, but he'll be back. He just… needs to work through his shit."
“Not… exactly.” Bucky sighed. “I haven’t asked her yet, because I’m pretty sure she’d rather stay and help Foster with her annoyance that Thor disappeared on her again, but I’d kinda like her to come with me. She told me once that she used to want to travel the world, see all the touristy sites and other shit. Just don’t know if she’d want to see them with me.”
“Have you seen these pictures?” Tony demanded, practically waving them in Obadiah’s face. “What’s going on in Gulmira?”
“Thank you, Monica,” Principal Morita said smoothly. “I’ll handle it from here. Have his things ready to go. We’ll call his father.”
Taking a deep breath, Steve made a mental note to find a therapist for Thor. Whatever had happened to him must have done something to him. It would probably be wise to do the same for Bruce… He was already seeming a little off.
“Reminder that Baby Boss likes waffles for breakfast. There are frozen ones in the freezer. Just put them in the toaster.”
"Dummy and the other bots have been taking care of them in the living room," Friday assures them. "Pepper and Happy were originally taking care of them, but they… did not survive."
Scraps of armor, an entire Chitauri Leviathan, even a few sky glider things. Tony couldn’t even begin to guess as to how they moved all the small stuff, much less the giant alien worm. It was insane. He had set up the cleaning group to keep people from getting this stuff, yet here it was…
I meant to get this chapter out on Christmas. I really did. But this Chapter ended up being WAY longer then I anticipated, and I'm work insanely long hours now? Plus this is the longest chapter by far, so, yeah, have fun with that.
A wry came to Tony's lips, blood dribbling down the corner of his mouth. "Steve," he rasped, coughing again.
Steve, out of everyone, was probably the most on edge. His chest was tight, feeling instinctually on edge, as he dodged attacks and threw his own. He'd only felt this way maybe twice in his life, and both times had ended terribly. This first time had been on a train in 1945, and the other in a lab not too many months ago. He knew, in his gut, that someone wasn't going to leave with battlefield without a grave injury, if they left at all. And with Bucky, Peter, and Sam gone, there was only one person left that could give him this feeling now.
Before the AI could finish, Steve was shoving Johnny into Bruce's arms, as Tony did the same with Susan, and was thundering down the steps to the basement. The only one down there was Thanos, and if he had escaped…
Steve ran after Peter, rounding the corner just seconds behind him. When he turned around the corner, he reached out to grab Peter’s shoulder. The teen turned, and Steve froze when he saw the boys face. The hair was so much like Peter’s, and from the back he had looked like Peter. But he wasn’t.
“You had a great idea, Tony,” Stane laughed, ice covering his face plate but still climbing. “But my suit is more advance in every way!”
Peter's plot here is a little vague at parts, but like I've said before, I'm not that great at writing fight scene.
Peter blinked, and let out a noise of surprise as the man yanked him up, pulling him over to some kind of machine off to the side. He tried to pull away, but the man was stronger then he looked, and Peter could feel his wrists actually bruising. The guy tossed him into the machine, the woman he had with him coming to strap him in before he could do anything.
Their tour guide, who clearly hadn't been expecting this, nodded. “Yes. Mr. Stark, I wasn't told you'd be meeting the group.”
“Not today,” Tony told the reporters. “It’s way past Pete’s bed time.” Turning back to Obadiah, he said “This isn’t over.” And then, he left.
But as they finished up, leaving Jarvis to make the last attempt on running the program, Bruce going on ahead to the party, Tony pulled on his jacket and paused when he felt the weight in the pocket. He reached his hand in, frowning down at the little black box for a minute. He’d been about to pull it out on the plane, his stomach feeling all twisted and knotted as he started to force the words out over his anxiety. But once he had started, it had felt like a burden was being lifted off of him, and he knew that Steve would want to cash in on that ‘later’ Tony had promised now that he wasn’t locked up in the lab.
Just as Stane came to where he could see him, Tony went around, managing to get onto Stane’s back. He held on tight, using his gloved hand to punch in and pull out some wires. For a moment, Stane flailed, before managing to throw him off, taking his helmet, and opening up his own.
“Put that on the table over there. It’s irrelevant. I want you to reach in, and you’re just going to gently lift the wire out.”
“That you had cancer,” Peter said, his face smoothed in a sort of understanding that made Wade feel like he didn’t deserve it. “I’m guessing that week you wouldn’t see me was you trying to figure things out. And then when you went missing, that was when you got taken into Weapon-X? By the time you escaped, Weasel would have already brought the box to me, and everyone would think you were dead.”
Wade hopped a bus to get to New York. After all that stuff with Hydra, he had grabbed Bob and had dragged him away before the feds could book them. He was an underage merc, after all. Swords and guns and shit ass humor. And Bob was Hydra. True, a ‘Hydra Youth Intern’ and a complete crap of one, but still Hydra.
Wade hummed as he looked down at the map in his hands, along with his phone. He was trying to come up with a plan. After all, he had some hunting to do. A wolf to murder and what not.
Steve wanted to thank her, but there wasn’t a word in existence that could convey his gratitude. What Wilson had said, about Jonathan and Susan… It had him worried. He needed to get to the mansion, see if Pepper and Happy had made it back with his kids. If his children had…
With the twins save and within reach, Steve was able to start focusing on Avengers work again. He was out on the field less then he would have liked, only spending a few hours in the morning and afternoon getting everything under control while Ned and Mary Jane babysat. They had started sending people back to their homes in Manhattan, as spread out as they might be, and gotten most of them back to a mediocre regular routine.
He went quickly to the sink. Cupping his hands to splash his face, he glared at himself in the mirror. “You weak motherfucker,” he snapped. “Come on. Come on, get it together. This isn’t about me, this is about Peter.” He nodded at his reflection a few times. “Here we go. Maximum effort.”
"Tony!" A call echoed through the room, making them practically jump apart, both of them holding a child like a lifeline as Bruce came thundering down the steps. "Tony, we got a hit!"
After a hassle with getting the car seat set up, Tony eventually got them on the road. Peter slept most the way, though only after asking what felt like a game of a million questions. Peter was… definitely a Stark. Only Stark men could ask that many questions without breathing.
Stupid! It wasn't a date! Steve wasn't gay. Right? No, no, he couldn't be. And even if he was, there was no way that he'd be interested in Tony, Steve had made it very- fairly? -clear that this was a ‘thank you’ dinner. Not a ‘I like you and maybe want to marry you and have babies together’ date.
Once Wade was gone, Tony went back upstairs to Steve. His husband smiled, kissed him, and they sat down to finish the movie. Tony went back to his tablet, trying hard to not think of all the secrets he was already keeping again.
Tony grinned, hitting Obadiah’s helmet, and letting the man fall. He stayed there, watching, as he hovered. He’d done it. He’d actually done it. Stane would be finished after a fall like that, and Tony hadn’t died!
The red light on the camera above the door flashed rapidly for a second, before turning turning green. Steve felt his heart leap, holding his breath as Natasha tensed at his side. Then, without any trouble, the teens opened to door.
“No! No fucking way are you ruining this for me, Stark! It’s been two fucking years and I am fucking done with-”
Peter had to be Bucky's favorite, though. He was happy, and smiling, and liked to call Bucky ‘Uncle Buck’. It made Bucky feel like he was part of a family again, something that he didn't remembering apart of since… Well, he couldn't remember. They played video games together, walked around New York with the boys weird alien dog bull pet thing, or just talked. Peter even told him about how he wanted Steve to be his second dad, and Bucky made a joke about how Peter could call Steve Pops.
“I’m sure he’s fine,” Ned said, nudging Peter with his elbow. “Come on. You said it yourself. Wade’s a badass that likes to do badass things.”
“It is a tight fit, sir,” Jarvis was saying. “Sir, the more you struggle, the more this is going to hurt.”
In a fit of rage, Deadpool let out a cry and slammed his fist against the cheek of the armor. Steve straightened, but Tony’s head only turned, where as the bones in Deadpool's hand shattered.
“I’m almost out of power,” he explained, starting to pull off the suit, gauntlet first. “I’ve got to get out of this thing. I’ll be right there.”
“Wrong. I’m a monster, inside and out. I belong in a circus, where no one can see me without meaning to. Preferably on the other side of the world, maybe in Eastern Europe, where Peter can never find me by accident.”
“-with the day saved by not the Avengers or the police, but a new hero known only as the Spiderman.” The newscaster finished. “But speaking of the Avengers, where are they? Well, the answer is simple. Sokovia, nearly a thousand miles up, fighting an army of robots!”
Steve only gave a sigh, and turned to join the others on the Quinjet. Once Tony was sure that they weren't going to try to fly off without him, he went and got dressed, grabbing a new nano-suit from the lab. When he returned, no one said anything to him, and he sat down, rather aggressively, in a seat away from the others.
Spiderman. He was supposed to meet with Spiderman in an hour anyway. Wade could ask him for help and Spiderman wouldn’t even ask why. He was just that kind of guy.
They built a natural disaster model, with a rotation of tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, and earthquakes. Peter had, of course, built something similar before, but it was more fun to do it with friends. Or, at least, he thought they were friends. He hoped they were friends…
Wade stayed out of the way most of the night, not to interested in getting caught up in what the reporters were saying. But, eventually, someone seemed to get to close. Wade saw them before Peter did, and was on his way to intercept when the reporter asked the wrong thing.
indeed,’ Pepper scoffed, throwing the words his father had always used back at him. She sat him down on the edge of one of his workbenches, bending a little so she could look him in the eye.
‘There you are, I’ve been looking everywhere for you. Sorry, I’m Virginia Potts,’ she offered Steve her hand who took it and pressed a kiss to her knuckles instead of shaking it, making a blush erupt on her cheeks.
Stocks had plummeted since the attempted coup by Obadiah Stane, regardless of Tony being the victim to his attack, the public only saw a company in turmoil, even as Tony recovered in a hospital bed with a stab wound in his chest.
‘As sir said, I verified the originality of the photos in question. Mr Rogers is telling the truth. After completing a rudimentary scan of his body I can confirm that-’
‘Because sometimes it’s better to hide in plain sight, and the Government won’t suspect JARVIS hacking into their databases while I’m with you.’
‘Tony… I’ve tried everything, chased every clue across the world,’ Steve followed his lead, leaning towards him in return.
Tony hesitated, looking at the hand, the edge of the paining he could see upstairs, and then back at the hand.
‘This is your choice, but hell, why not give the guy a chance, if nothing works then nothing works.’
‘Have you stolen something from me? My toenail clippings or my hair or something? I hate to break it to you, but that’s not the creepiest thing to happen to me,’ Tony joked, running his thumbs over the seam in the box, examining the knots in the beech wood.
‘Don’t you dare, Tony Stark. Don’t you dare say that about yourself. I know exactly who you are, even when you hide yourself behind your armor of work,
Stretching a hand out, he stroked a hand over Tony’s head, kissing his forehead before slipping silently from the bed. He padded over to the window, within ear shot of Tony, able to come back if needed.
‘What do you see when you look at me?’ Tony muttered against his thumb, wondering if Steve looked into his eyes and saw the echoes of all his past selves reflected there, if he was thinking about…
The sound of the rain outside was drowned out by the thundering of his heart in his ears, their panting breaths and ardent moans filling the loft space as the air around them became humid from Tony’s damp skin and Steve’s sweat slick body.
‘My soulmate, their body doesn’t have the same serum in their bloodstream, which means they die, as all natural things do…but their soul is still tethered to this world, to my soul. They’re reincarnated into another body, nature’s way of restoring balance I suppose, but they never remember anything.’
‘Alright, get him to track your movements, check in every five minutes or something, just so people know you’re okay.’
The constant back and forth between fearing for his life and feeling awful he’d mistrusted Steve exhausted him.
‘No, I don’t know that and yes, I’m turning down a night of just sex.’ Steve closed his eyes as if he were in pain as he said that, getting up again. ‘I’m giving you the choice,’ Steve said cryptically.
It was here that Steve finally looked up, watching Tony as he flipped through the album. He could feel his heart start to pound under the scrutiny, a ringing vibrating in his ears the further he got through the photos, his mouth drying, tongue thick in his mouth. Steve was the common factor, but there were different men, with different background, different ages of props, a sepia wash to the older ones, and then a charcoal drawing of Steve and the man in the canvas before him.
‘Sorry, got a bit…lost, lost in thought there. We were making weapons, but I’ve just shut that side of the business down, you must have seen our stocks plummeting?’ Tony made light of it, trying to joke.
Finding Steve, he leant against a doorframe watching him for a moment. He’d always been a little suspicious of people who volunteered, his lessons from his dad clashing with what his mom tried to teach him. Howard believed that nothing in life was free, that everyone was looking out for number one. Maria taught him the opposite, but he’d seen too many people at charity events trying to further their own agenda under the pretense of supporting those less fortunate.
‘You could just take it down you know,’ Tony teased, picking up a pen from the desk and clicking it repeatedly as he grinned up at him.
‘What if I never measure up to the original me?’ Tony asked, planting his feet as Steve tried to usher him in. He could feel the water inside his shoes, toes squelching inside the leather as he tensed them, holding his ground, needing to know the answer before anything else.
‘I swear to God, Tony!’ she almost exploded, reigning it in at the last moment, reaching up to pry his hand away from his chest. Her eyes softened as she linked their fingers together, gaze on the scar over his heart, hidden by layers of expensive suit.
‘You really don’t believe me when I say I didn’t know who you were?’ Steve chuckled. ‘This sounds dumb, but I struggle with technology, phones, the internet, I guess you could call me a technophobe.’
‘Your self-preservation against the pain is stopping you living. You could have everything you wanted, find the person who gets you, get rid of those lonely feelings you carry around with you, but you’re too scared to try.’ Pepper stroked her fingers through his hair. ‘You’re already living in pain because you’re drowning in your fear. This isn’t going to go away. You’ll always feel like a part of you is missing.’
‘Well, here’s to found family.’ Tony raised his glass for Steve to clink the side of it. They watched each other for a moment as they drank, the atmosphere crackling between them. He wondered if Steve was going for a long-drawn-out seduction game.
‘Did you seriously cut out a pair of underpants for my priceless piece of art I brought for you?’ Tony asked as soon as Rhodey shut his office door, ignoring the way he took a moment to rest his forehead against the glass. Leaning back in Rhodey’s chair, Tony spun himself around a few times, trying to keep his gaze on the naked painting he’d gifted Rhodey.
After fending Happy off, reassuring him that JARVIS could take over as his security for the evening, Tony finally shut the door in his face, sighing and resting his forehead against it for a few moments. He was grateful Happy looked after him as well as he did, he really was, but he could be overbearing at times.
‘It…he,’ Tony corrected himself, glancing up at Steve nervously to see what his reaction would be to that. They might be bots but they were important to him, even if he never told them that. ‘DUM-E was the first robot I made, he helps me down in my workshop, well, I say helps,’ Tony grumbled, taking a sip of his wine.
Tony crept away from his caretaker’s side, Jarvis he called him, inching closer and closer to Steve’s art, curiosity a tether tugging him closer. His tiny shuffling footsteps brought him to the foot of it, the canvas looming over him, casting him in its shadow. Steve saw the ironic metaphor in the action, and he looked down at his feet, knowing it wasn’t something he could begin to explain to Tony.
‘Hey, hey, honey, slow down it’s okay. Look, how about we do this, where did you say he was… at the homeless shelter? Just give me directions and I’ll go find him myself.’
‘Steve…I mean…Mr Rogers he’s…he’s helping out down at the homeless shelter this afternoon. Shall I call him for you, or you can wait and I’ll go get him…I mean…’ the receptionist floundered, flustered.
Steve’s chest gingerly rested on his, and Tony tried to tug him closer, to have his hips pressing down on him too, but Steve wouldn’t move. Whether that was because he was trying to tease Tony or keep things slow, he wasn’t sure, but he needed more.
‘Oh my God,’ Pepper murmured, sliding her hands up his arms to grasp his elbows. ‘You like him, don’t you? That guy from the other night?’
‘For being distrusting…I was betrayed as you know, by someone I cared about, someone I thought cared about me…talking about it doesn’t really capture the pain I felt, not just from the knife.’ Tony refused to say anything else, placing the sketchbook down.
‘Me and my unit, we agreed to be the test subjects, to allow the super soldier serum to be injected into our blood streams. I don’t think they thought it would make us immortal, just stronger, a suicide squad to go out in a blaze of glory for the greater good.’
Steve understood the concept behind abstract art, the use of vibrant colors and broad strokes bringing out the life and spirit of the theme the artist held in their heart, rather than trying to constrain it to one form. That didn’t mean he understood it either, but he could understand why this piece might appeal to a child, the garish splats looking like oil on water.
Steve leant forward on his bench, the wood creaking as he craned his neck up, trying to capture a glimpse between the crowds of people. He’d seen him from all different walks of life, successful, downtrodden with a chip on his shoulder about the world he lived in, someone who embraced life.
‘As you’ve just paid my rent for the next few months, it’d be rude of me not to at least offer to buy you a drink or something,’ Steve agreed.
He looked over as Tony mumbled in sleep, turning over in the sheets. Watching Tony sleep, Steve prayed with every fiber of his being that Tony could do the impossible, that he’d be able to live out his remaining days with Tony, finally committing to his soulmate without the fear of being left behind, alone for years before they met again.
When he left Peter tugged on Wade’s old hoodie and dug out the board from his bag to board home. Just as he left the gates, he paused, a shiver running down his spine. At first, he thought it was his Spidey-sense. But this was different… This was… safe? With a glance around, Peter shook his head, and turned to head home
When Tony finally returned home, he was exhausted. He was so tired, mentally and physically, but still glad to be home.
Turning, he saw his reflection in the glass of the doors. In a fit of rage he blew them all out, then went and dressed in a tight body suit, to get in the armor. He let it form around him, connecting with the arc reactor.
Okay, before you guys read or complain about the tiny in comparison chapter (though it is called an intermission for a reason), this actually has just about zero impact on the plot of Mistakes. In fact, I wasn't even planning on doing this! I was watching Tag last night, and I was like 'Wow, Jeremy Runner is basically Clint Barton in this!' so I wrote a chapter about what happened to Clint in the months after Chapter 10/Civil War. So enjoy!
She nodded, and even smiled a little as she spoke. “Guess they need to do a little more cleaning, hm?”
The long appendage seems to burst out from under Connors tattered lab coat, and threw Peter off. He landed with a thud, against the glass of the floor to ceiling window behind Pepper’s desk, and groaned as he tried to get up. Connors hissed, getting to him first, and lifting him high above his head before throwing him out the window.
A month later saw Peter finishing his private classes, and leaving to go to a summer camp as Peter Parker.
Slowly, he went to Mrs. Warren, tugging on her sleeve like a child to get her attention. She took one look at him at went wide eyed.
Interests peaked, Tony went over to the door. “Please be a secret door, please be a secret door, please be a secret door…” He pressed on the wall, and beamed as it popped open. “Yay!”
When the metal arm finally came off with a click, Barnes went limp, voice gone and body unmoving. Steve got off him, looking concerned and worried and about a hundred other things, and glanced at Tony. “You said it wasn't supposed to hurt him.”
“I’d still come to the big stuff,” Bucky said hurriedly. “Just… It’s been four years since I was freed from Hydra. And it’s not that I’m not thankful to Stark for the help, but I haven’t really seen much other then the New York and places we go to on missions. I just want to explore. See what all is out there.”
They all laughed, but Steve turned to him almost shyly. He held up the ring, and Tony rolled his eyes, putting it on. He gave Steve the one he had, and watched as the blond slipped it on. Well, it hadn’t gone as planned, but it still worked out in the end.
“I know,” his dad said quickly. “I know, I made a mistake. And I’m gonna fix it. I swear. Just be careful if you go out. And I might need Friday so she may become unavailable to you sometimes.”
Honestly, is was like a Christmas miracle, as cheesy as that sounded to Tony. Peter was starting to move on, and that was really all that Tony could ask for. When the break hit, Peter asked to go to Ned’s for a while, and Tony was just so happy, he just told Peter to go. The kid had been spending more and more time in the mask. Honestly, it wasn’t healthy.
“Keep the skies clear,” Tony said, then, in a much more serious tone after the faceplate snapped into place, “And watch Peter.”
By the time Peter was two, walking and talking, Friday had become an essential part of Peter and Tony's lives. Tony was still drinking, and working in 72 hour shifts, so Friday kept Peter occupied with books and cartoons on holoscreans. The nannies were cut to two, only coming to clean, feed, and put Peter to bed.
“Yeesh, no wonder you’re pissy. But it’s never gonna brighten up if you don’t go see this boy you’ve been pinning for. You gotta tell him how you feel.”
Tony gaped, looking between Steve and Barnes in total confusion. Barnes didn't look ready to help him, just watching and looking equally confused. Maybe he shouldn't have fixed Barnes arm if the bastard was going to be like this.
“You can get the surgery,” Pepper wept. “You can get them removed, just let me call an ambulance, and we’ll make sure you make it.”
“You came to my dad for tech,” he reminded Wade. “And, you know, he kind of stuck his neck out for you. Plus, I… Well, Spiderman…”
Deadpool… Peter had heard of him. He was a crazy mercenary that had popped up a few months back. His dad knew him, somehow, and vouched that, while he was totally bat shit crazy, he was trustworthy. He seemed a little… strange to Peter, but he was willing to let it slide if his dad said he was okay.
When his dad and pop came back, it was a bit different again. Harry went hard, formal, as he greeted his fathers curtly.
“The team’s gathering for a movie night,” Steve replied. It was always something about the team. ‘The team was having a game day’ or ‘Team breakfast’. It was never just Steve… “Do you think you’re alright enough to come join us?”
Gwen seemed to be next, and Peter studied her. She looked kind of familiar to… “Gold, W, Europium, Nitrogen. Gwen Stacy.”
A few days ago, when they had kissed on the escalator, it had felt hot and fast and explosive. This time, it was slow but somehow just as heated. Tony felt his entire body heat as his lips glide against Steve's. Even if it was hot, it was still chaste. No tongue, no touching aside from the hand on Tony's jaw.
He remained silent, watching for any sign of the Mad Titan, or for the frontal assault team to give the signal. They remained at the top of the ridge for what seemed like hours, just watching, waiting. They knew that Thanos had to be here. This was the only place energy waves matching the stones was coming from. Had there been a mistake? Was it a trap?
Peter went out into the hall finding Bucky there. He was frowning. “Hey. Steve said I’m supposed to supervise while you have you’re little pow-wow. Everything okay?”
“Tony and I,” Steve said, a smile slowly splitting his face. “We’ve cleared everything up. No more lies with each other. Not even the little things. We’re going to try to be completely honest with each other.”
It was a small twinge of hope, but it was hope. Peter must still be thinking of him. That meant there was still a chance. If he could find Francis, get him to fix his face… He could make it back to Peter before it was to late.
And he did wake up, but his eyes were wide, breathing erratic. His eyes darted back and forth, one hand fisting Steve's shirt at the shoulder. Steve kept him up for a bit, letting him breath.
However, he ran into a snag rather quickly, and called the first person he knew would be in the house.
She moved fast, biting her lip as she reached into the basket, pulling out the baby. He continued to cry, wriggling within the blanket. Pepper immediately started to unwrap it, leaving the babe in a little blue onesie. Freed arms went to wrap around Pepper’s neck, crying wildly as she swayed. It was then that Pepper noticed the letter at the bottom of the basket.
“I’m not doing anything to dangerous,” Peter reassured, trying to shake the feeling off. “Just… relaxing tonight. Dad and Pops are arguing again.”
In his surprise, Tony nearly slammed on the break. He turned and stared at Wade with wide eyed horror. “You want me to
Rhodey scowled at him, even as Peter gave a little ‘bye-bye, Uncle Rhodey’. And with that, Tony turned and left. He drove back to Malibu, and set up in the garage. The project file was ready, on a secure server, and he opened it up. Once he was sure that Peter was safe in his little space, Tony really got to work.
He had started coughing up to many flowers, no longer able to slow the flowers down by not thinking about Steve. Every few hours, he would descend into a coughing fit as petals and entire flowers spilled from his lips. They made piles under his feet that Dum-E would sweep up, and Tony would have to take a nap to regain some energy. He grew paler and paler, and he knew that the final stage of the sickness would be coming quick. He had to tell Pepper, Rhodey, the team… Soon, he wouldn’t be able to walk, and then not be able to talk, before he slipped into a coma for the remained of his time with the disease.
“Finished Barnes arm,” Tony stated proudly, smirking as he stood to stretch. “Wanted to get it here sooner rather then later. It's a good arm. Really cool features aaand why are you looking at me like that?”
After testing came more building. Flight stabilizer this time. Peter was let out of his space during this time, and clung to his leg as as he did the 3D hologram modeling. By the time he was on to second building stage, it was dinner time, and Pepper was coming down to get him.
STARK: Well, you can forget it. I am Iron Man. The suit and I are one. To turn over the Iron Man suit would be to turn over myself which is tantamount to indentured servitude or prostitution, depending or what state you’re in. You can’t have it.
