He set about starting breakfast before he went into adjoining bedroom and got dressed for the day. He was thankful that this post had a washer and dryer, even if they were of an older variety. If he needed clean clothes at his last church he had to take two buses to the nearest laundromat. It was an exhausting adventure to say the least. Castiel grimaced at pulling out the long sleeved shirt in his closet. While last night had been particularly chilly, he knew that today would be rather warm, and he had a summer activity planned for the children today. He had luckily been able to enlist the help of his neighbor priest, Father Freely. Between Deacon Neil, Father Freely, and himself he should be able to handle the sudden influx of children that seemed to appear overnight. While he didn’t mind the increase, he quickly realized that he could only effectively handle a maximum of twenty children on his own. He hadn’t had enough practice for any more.
It had snowed some more over the course of the month, the sun shone brilliantly on the freshly fallen snow. It was almost to the window at this rate. Castiel took a moment to look out the window and close his eyes to the feeling of the winter sun reflecting off the snow drift. After a deep breath he walked into his office and sat at his desk with a soft sigh.
“Weren’t you just going the opposite way?” Castiel couldn’t help but point out that he had distinctly seen and heard the vehicle pass by him once before turning around. Dean leaned back into the driver’s seat at Castiel’s comment.
“You must be the FBI agents?” They both nods. “But you’re not FBI agents.” Carey states. He holds his husband and child close to him. “But I don’t care as long as you get rid of whatever is haunting our home.” Dean nods and asks a few questions.
“Just, fuck me, angel.” Cas had the audacity to tilt his head at Dean as he stilled his hands and carefully removed himself from Dean’s body. It wasn’t long before Dean could feel the thick head of Castiel’s cock against his entrance. Dean took a deep breath as Cas grabbed his hips to help guide himself. Slowly, Castiel sheathed himself to the hilt against Dean. Dean felt like he was going to die if Castiel didn’t start moving. Dean grunted and squirmed, but still Castiel stayed stock still.
He would admit it had been a long while since he had had this kind of sexual encounter. His first was in one of the high schools his dad was always dropping him off at. He had been a rebellious youth with a curious streak in him. He didn’t think his next encounter would be a literal soldier of god. Dean nodded to let Castiel continue and he picked up speed once he got the clear from Dean. Dean was gripping the leather of the seat hard enough he was sure it would be permanently indented with his fingernails long after he was done.
“What about her? She’s dead. Now get off my property.” Sam put his hands out to calm her, but faster than any of them could react; she pulled the hose out and sprayed them. Sam sputtered as he got a mouthful and Dean ducked his head. Cas stood there in confusion. She continued to spray them until they ran to the car. Cas still hadn’t moved, so Dean ran back and dragged him by the collar.
“Hey, Caleb.” Castiel made his voice soft as the child started a little at the announcement of Castiel’s arrival. “Come here, son.” Castiel knelt down and held his arms out for Caleb to approach. The small boy took one glance at his outstretched arms before running into them, crying louder now into Castiel’s shoulder. The boy was no more than 8 and his parents were active in the church life. They usually sat in the front row, always arriving the earliest of all his parishioners. The boy was pretty outspoken and he had even started bringing his own bible to mass. The boy was shaking in his arms despite the heat of the day. Castiel picked the boy up and held him close to his chest as he walked out of the graveyard. He made sure to shut the gate on his way out. He saw that everyone was still grouped together on the yard. The children’s eyes wide as they took in the scene. Castiel made a movement to indicate that he was going to go inside with Caleb. The young boy was still crying softly and sniffling into his shoulder as they got inside and Castiel went all the way back to his kitchen. He went to set down Caleb, but the boy grappled at his shoulders, his hands looking for anywhere to grab that would stop Castiel from setting him down.
“Dean we thought you were dead.” Sam whispered. His eyes were closed, and Cas decided to disappear, but continue watching. Bobby was next. He came up and hugged Dean. Dean hugged back, but once they were done, he took a few steps back, realizing Cas wasn’t there.
“Your Excellency, I didn’t know you had joined us today.” Castiel straightened up as he turned to Bishop Shurley.
He yelped – a manly yelp of course – as he saw Cas standing at the end of the dock with a curious glance.
Dean flicked his tongue a few times over the tip of Cas’ cock and when the angel opened his eyes, they were simmering blue the same way he had seen when the angel was powering up. The sight alone had his dick rock hard and straining for attention. He resisted the urge to reach down and rub at himself, but instead he was entirely focused in keeping a steady rhythm to help his angel cum. Dean could feel how tense Cas was becoming and he removed his fist on his dick and from Castiel’s balls to put them on his hips as Dean managed to slowly swallow down all of Castiel. There was a soft nudge in the back of his throat, and he could taste the precum on his tongue as he started to hollow out his cheeks and used his tongue to encircle Castiel’s cock inside his mouth. Dean watched from his position as Castiel threw his head back, eyes shining bright blue and Dean thought for sure he could hear the faint ruffle of feathers around him.
“So red flag over here, do you know if she somehow is connected to the dog-nappings?” Sam shrugged. Dean burped and leaned back in his chair. “So, Cas and I will case out her house to see if we can find anything suspicious and you go to the first owner whose dog got nabbed.” Sam nodded and packed up his stuff. Cas and Dean hurried to get dressed, so they could drop Sam off at the owner’s house. After a small mishap with a wrong turn, Sam was getting out of the car and Dean and Cas were looking for the victim’s house. The silence that normally lingered between them was comfortable, something that weighed down on both of them like a blanket on a winter night. Now it seemed awkward. Cas kept looking out the window and Dean was holding too tightly onto the steering wheel. Dean would try to shake his vice like grip, but it kept returning, making his knuckles whiter than last time. Just as he was going to say something, Cas pointed to a large blue and white house.
“He went running. He’s a bit of a fitness junkie.” Dean gave a weak smile. She continued to scowl at him. He had the feeling he wasn’t going to get her to laugh with is bad jokes. He crossed his legs and played with the drawstring on pants. He was normally composed but given that a few minutes ago he was ready to take his angel there on the couch, he was a little out of his element. He prayed that Sam come back soon. “Did you decide you wanted to talk to us about your sister?” She squints her eyes at him.
“They’re constantly knocking things off of the altar and I can hear them scratching at night.” Castiel watched as Dean’s face went completely blank as he listened to Castiel’s explanation. Dean’s arms tensed a little once he finished, but didn’t say anything else as Sam seemed to be listening with one ear while he finished taping up the tarp. Castiel watched as Sam sealed off the last little crack and Castiel stepped back from the ladder to let Sam get down. Castiel grabbed the ladder and walked the short distance to put it back into the storage closet. When he returned he saw that Sam and Dean were speaking in hushed tones close to each other. They stopped when they saw Castiel coming back. Castiel continued walking until he was past them and picking up the loose change on the ground to place into the nearly empty chest. He closed it as best he could and dragged it to the side of the aisle. It was still relatively heavy despite it having now been cleared of alms. The brother’s watched him as he set it back to it’s rightful spot and turned to thank them for their help.
“I never learned how to swim; I fly.” Castiel’s hair was dripping water down on Dean’s face and he had no choice, but to stare up at the soaking wet man in front of him. Dean rubbed the water off of his face, partly because the water was tickling him, and partly because he wanted to hide his embarrassment.
“What do you mean?” Sam chewed on his salad but stared at Cas and Dean. Cas shook his head and stuffed his face with the burger. Dean looked at the waitress and Sam followed his look. They picked up their pace and they left the money for the bill on the table. Cas hurried to the nearest telephone pole. He looked at all of the ‘lost dog’ flyers and finally found the one he was looking for. He ripped it off the pole and showed Sam and Dean.
“Are you okay?” Dean asked, his voice a little strained and he was heaving as if he had been running. Castiel was so focused on trying to calm his heartrate that he didn’t respond to Dean. Sam put the EMF reader back in his pocket and started to walk around the church, his eyes scanning around the darkened building. Castiel could barely see Dean in front of him until a bright flash of lightning lit up the room and Castiel saw Timothy standing in the middle of the pews just as Sam’s device blared alive. Castiel’s eyes went wide as he pointed to the boy behind Dean.
“Looking for something, Father?” Castiel looked once again at the Bishop. He held his hands behind his back and gave a small shake of his head.
“And a happy new year to you as well, Dean.” Dean gave a small smile in return before he gave a small wave of his hand and walked down the long hallway out to the rest of the church. Castiel sat there watching him as he went until he closed the other door behind him. Castiel closed his office door and stopped in his sink, staring at the two empty cups in his sink.
“Hey, Cas.” Castiel opened his eyes instantly and the rosary slipped from his fingers. It clattered to the ground, loud in the din of his muttering. Castiel turned his head to look through the partition and could barely make out one of Dean’s arms as he lounged in the new booth. “I like what you’ve done with the place.” Castiel’s words were caught in his throat as he listened to Dean give a breathy chuckle.
“Why don’t you call them? At least tell them you’re still alive.” Dean didn’t answer. But his grip did tighten on the steering wheel. “Dean….” Cas trailed off. When Dean didn’t do anything, but lock his jaw, Cas reached over and gently removed one of his hands from the steering wheel. He slipped the phone in Dean’s hand and Dean softened a little. He looked over at Cas with a blank gaze. Cas continued to hold Dean’s hand as they drove on.
“Please, fuck your hunter, Cas. Fuck, please. I’m so close.” Castiel reached over and grabbed Dean’s face, making him look Cas in the eye.
He put the phone to his ear as he pressed dial. It rang once before he removed it from his ear to look at the time on his phone, the person on the other line might as well be asleep at 12:45 at night. He put the phone back to his ear just as the other line connected.
He was a Catholic, he knew about demons. He knew about exorcisms. He had hoped to go to the Vatican sometime in his life to research more into it. But having heard it in that way from someone who didn’t consider themselves overtly religious in the structural sense but rattled off several sins that took understanding of the Sacrament not found outside of people within the clergy or the See had his bones nearly stiff with a knowledge he wasn't privy to.
“You may confess in any form you’d like with me, so long as you trade me your name.” Castiel opened his eyes and turned his head to look at the dark figure behind the screen.
He found himself dwelling on how just a few days ago his brother had been soulless and how the entire experience had left him immensely unsettled, but his mind was barely able to focus on that when the only images that were coming to mind were of the blue-eyed angel who had helped save his brother. He opened his eyes and rubbed at his face as he tried to dispel the way his blood started to boil at the thought of the trench coat wearing angel that had nothing to do with the heat of the summer night. Dean looked out into the water and watched the fireflies’ flit to and fro in front of the head lights, their lights going invisible in the car’s yellow rays. Every time he closed his eyes, he saw the bright blue orbs of the angel looking back at him and it made his pants tighten at the thought. He groaned as he adjusted himself in his jeans and shifted his feet on the hood of the impala. Dean ran a hand through his hair, his imagination running wild as his other hand gripped his thigh.
Dean pulled away for breath but rested his forehead on Cas’. Cas continued to pepper Dean’s lips with little kisses. At the side of his mouth, on his bottom lip, on his nose, until finally back on his lips and Dean hungrily kissed Castiel back. Cas groaned again and moved his hands under Dean’s jacket.  He popped the buttons open and slipped his hands under the shirt and ran his hands all along Dean’s chest. Dean moved his hand around to the front of Castiel’s pants and wrapping his hand around to slide beneath the pants, grabbing Castiel’s ass. Cas jumped slightly but pressed himself to Dean anyways. Dean backed up to the bed and sat down. Cas took off his coat as he straddled Dean’s lap. Dean squeezed the angel’s ass and ground his hips into Cas’ pelvis. Cas gasped and moaned. Dean kissed Cas’ neck and nipped at the skin there. Cas rolled his hips against Dean’s tented pants. Dean groaned and kissed Cas, hard. Cas bit down on Dean’s lip and Dean moaned. He ran his tongue over the hunter’s lip and continued to kiss with fervor. Dean moved his hand to the front of Cas’ pants and shoved his hand down Cas’ underwear and gently grabbed Cas’ erection. Cas bucked into his hand and whimpered when Dean simply held him.
“Cas?” He dropped his rubble and helped up the angel. Cas looked around in confusion. He looked back at the hallway and he thought he saw something move. Sam looked in the direction of the hallway. Dean walked over, his head pointed to the sky, looking for a way out. Cas went to move away from the hallway when an intense pain overcame him, but he couldn’t scream or cry out. He stood perfectly still as the pain consumed his whole body. Then without his command his body moved towards Sam.
Sam set about taping up the tarp to the wooden panel of the window. He would grunt and strain as he reached the farthest corners of the window, but with his long arms he was able to manage it. Castiel didn’t know what he would do if he had to do this himself. He rubbed at his face with a yawn as Sam started on another side of the window.
“I did too.” Castiel was only momentarily taken aback by the confession. They stared at each other for a moment before Dean reached up, grabbing as the buttons of Cas’ shirt. He pulled himself up and crashed his lips to Cas’. Castiel took no time in reciprocating, cupping Dean’s face as they continued to kiss. Dean pressed his whole body against Castiel as Castiel’s tongue swiped against Dean’s lips. Dean let out a stuttered groan which Castiel took as permission to delve deeper. He tilted his head, moving his hands back to thread at the nape of Dean’s neck. Dean let go of Castiel’s shirt and wandered his hands to Castiel’s hips. The tentative swipe of Dean’s tongue against his seemed to spark a frenzy in his mind. Castiel moved his hands from Dean’s nape to his hips, pulling him flush to his body.
“Cas!” His gruff voice was ridden with sleep. He scooted back and realized where he was. He glanced around the abandoned mall. “Sammy!” He called and soon the taller brother grumbled and stirred. Cas stood up and surveyed the area around the trio. They were in a large room, probably somewhere people gathered. It had a tall roof and two stories. It seemed to be at least ten years since it had been abandoned by the smell of dust and spray paint. Parts of the second story were missing segments, so it would be difficult to walk or run across without encountering a large gap that looked difficult to jump across or the whole floor collapsing. Filtered light reached down onto the center of the mall type structure. Dust rose in the daylight and Cas heard Dean cough.
“Is there anywhere in the house you don’t like to be, Caleb.” Caleb frowned and nodded looking ashamed. “Can you show us?” He looked scared but stiffened his lip and nodded. They all stood up and followed Caleb to the back of the house. At a certain point Caleb stopped and pointed on.
He leaned in so that his lips were nearly pressed to Dean’s ear. “A lovely apparition sent, to be a moment’s ornament,” he breathed, gently nipping at the man’s lobe, “a dancing shaping, an image gay, to haunt, to startle, and way-lay.”
“In all likelihood, Lucifer is either planning to murder you or undermine your leadership—making a grab for power. If you confront him, it’ll only give him more time to play his games, to gather his followers and attack.”
“Cas,” the man just hummed his response, scrapping a pile of eggs and bacon onto Dean’s plate. “I, um, what are you—I mean, what do we do now.”
“Oh don’t worry so much! You’ll ruin that pretty little face with all those lines.” Gabriel reached a hand out to squish and pinch his cheeks.
“I know,” he breathed, eyes trained on the ground, hoping to avoid catching the errant gaze of his soon-to-be tutor.
him. Instead, he dropped his head and focused on not screaming, on his rhythm, on how firm Cas felt beneath him.
“With the added bonus that no one will be able to point the finger at you and the people who stay will be too disorganized to get anything done anyway.”
“Y-y—” Dean tried to stutter out a response but cut himself off by moaning and straining, unable to speak.
“You want me to steal for you?” Dean looked at him now, angry and confused. “Boy, you must really think I’m desperate.”
“Until later, my friend.” Castiel chuckled, as he pulled out of the driveway and headed back down the highway toward Michael’s.
Without wasting any more time, he trickled his fingers down Dean’s spine and dragged them teasingly across his hole. Beneath his hand Dean’s body trembled, hole clenching sporadically under the feather light pressure. Castiel grinned into his shoulder, pushing the tip of two fingers inside and savoring the other man’s moan. He hummed, “I wish we had your panties here.”
Bobby had been worried, mumbled something about needing to take a few weeks to sort himself out and that was that, Dean was benched. Sam was worried too and took an entire week off at the firm and spent most of that time trying to sober Dean him. Eventually the bitchfaces worked, though, and by the end of his leave he wasn’t feeling quite so pathetic. Or, at least, he was feeling newly determined to make amends for whatever part his stupidity had played in letting Novak escape.
Belatedly, he realized that Balthazar was most definitely a criminal; someone that he should arrest not hope will keep his criminal lover safe. His criminal, he thought and smiled despite himself. If there was one thing he was good at, it was ignoring things he didn’t want to deal with and so pointedly pushed all and any thoughts about what the two men were doing out of his mind. So when he finally fell back to sleep, it was deep and sound and completely consumed by thoughts of bright blue eyes and messy brown hair.
“Dean. I need you to tell me who Cas is.” His brother’s voice sounded urgent and that made everything else seem urgent too.
Okay so I just wanted to say that I'm so sorry this is taking so long BUT I am finishing the story, I promise. I'm a bit behind on my editing of what was supposed to be the last chapter, so I'm breaking it up into a few smaller chapters.
“Good boy,” he purred and stepped closer to run fingers through the detective’s hair, nails scraping gently along his scalp. Dean made a quiet pleased sound and leaned into the touch. Castiel was overcome with a sense of awe, amazed and excited by the trust Dean was willing to give him. “I’ll arrange to have your car moved.” He whispered softly, “I’ll take care of it, of everything.”
Dean nodded feeling like a fucking idiot, and his hands reached up to pull at Cas’ fly. There was no reason to do this, he
“The captain set up roadblocks at all the exits,” he blurted out. Cas’ eyes widened, but he didn’t look entirely surprised. “Called all the surrounding towns to do the same.” They stared at each other in silence for a long time, before Dean finally flushed and turned away. “They’ll catch you if you leave.” He whispered, refusing to look at the other man.
Of course he was tired of it, knew it was ridiculous to be infatuated with a guy he’d only ever known through hallway gossip and brief glimpses in the cafeteria. Castiel still remembered the first time they were ever in the same room together—Dean standing so close, the smell of leather and chlorine saturating the air between them.
At the last second Castiel pulled out, grabbing Dean by the hair and coming in hot ropes across his face. Without prompt, Dean opened his mouth to catch as much of the salty liquid on his tongue as he could.
“As far as I know we’re setting up a full scale manhunt. Captain has us putting up road blocks at all the exists out of town and he’s already contacted the neighboring townships, advising them to do the same. I think if this goes on for much long he’s going to start search—”
Heat spread through him, those words making his heart pound erratically. A feeling bubbled up from somewhere deep and dark and buried within him, a feeling of desperation. He wanted to please this man,
“Hello, Dean.” The man replied automatically, taking a step into the room and letting the door close behind them. It was dark in the room, there was only one small dim light hanging from the ceiling.
Neither one of them spoke as he poured the moisturizer onto his hands; rubbing them briefly to warm it, before rubbing lightly across Dean’s broad back with his fingertips. He made a sound of appreciation and Castiel leaned forward to place a kiss to the soft hair at the back of his neck. It was comforting to know that the man couldn’t see him; he could let himself enjoy this too. Once everything was sufficiently slick, he sunk his hands into the firm muscle, working it until they relaxed. Slowly he felt the tension ease away into something softer and more pliable, luxuriating in every small, pleased sound Dean made as he came apart.
Balthazar gaped down at him. “I’m supposed to sit there half the night waiting for them to call? And where will you be?” He demanded, clearly irritated.
“Well, well, well! I was wondering when you’d bring your boy ‘round to meet the gang.” Gabriel tossed down his hand of cards and jumped up, making his way through the crowd to stand by Dean. “Cassie here isn’t a big sharer,” he said conspiratorially. “Glad you’re finally ready to share with the group!”
“Y-yes.” Their eyes were locked in the mirror, as Cas reached around to the front of the panties and coated his fingers with the cooling come. Dean sucked in a breath, knowing what was about to happen, whole body thrumming with anticipation.
Castiel glared challengingly at him before storming out of the room, Dean following dejectedly behind him.
Castiel pushed the head of his cock against the side of Dean’s face, leaving a sticky trail of precum as he angled himself toward that warm, wet-looking mouth. “Tongue,” he grunted and Dean obediently thrust his tongue out to catch a few drops of the salty liquid, closing his eyes to savor the taste.
“This is so cute, Cassie. I never thought I’d live long enough to see you acting nervous.” Gabriel laughed, and Castiel glared at him through the mirror as he unbuttoned the fifth dress shirt he’d tried on in the last ten minutes.
“He knows enough, I can’t afford to take the risk. Have Gabriel and Inias tail her and call you immediately once they leave the club. We’ll get their first, great our friend properly.”
“Don’t be an idiot, Dean. Go home, sleep. I don’t want to see your face again until tomorrow night.”
He watched as Michael’s face crinkled up into a fond smile. “Yes,” he said, turning back to the cook. “Yes, I believe our friend here is correct. All good things require patience, and so I shall try very much to exercise my own.” The cook nodded slowly, like he didn’t understand exactly what had happened. Michael clasped him on the shoulders, looking him up and down as though it had been years since they were last standing here. “Castiel! I’m so pleased you’re here. Come, we have much to discuss.”
“You were so good, worked so hard today,” he tightened his grip and Dean practically howled. “Wanted to give you something special.”
“My, my, my, but how the little lamb is well trained! What other tricks can he do?” Balthazar leered, eyes trailing the length of Dean’s body.
“Oh baby,” Cas eventually managed to gasp as he pulled Dean away from the wall to deposit him gently on the floor. “You’ve always been my good boy, gorgeous.” Cas tore the shirt off of him, buttons flying everywhere, and immediately began ravening his body with wet slopping kisses—biting the sensitive skin until he was covered with bruises and tiny jaw shaped welts. He moaned at the realization that Cas was marking him, covering his body in indisputable evidence that he belonged to Castiel, that his body was claimed.
“Gabriel, Anna, and I were sold to Michael’s father as infants. Our parents owed him a debt and we satisfied the contract.”
“Not if you’re here. They’re going to start searching houses soon, but, but they won’t search here. You’re safer here.”
This was unfortunately true. He’d once overheard the person on the other side of his office eat the world’s largest salad, then cry for a solid half hour before falling asleep.
“Now that the pleasantries are out of the way, shall we discuss our business?” Michael’s voice cut through his thoughts and brought him back to full attention.
Much to his dismay Cas pulled his mouth off long enough to say, “Not yet,” never once stopping the finger from pumping in and out of Dean. He promptly started sucking again, not letting up even a bit and Dean had to shut his eyes and grit his teeth together to stop himself from coming right there.
He heard himself groan, eyes slipping shut. The next thing he knew Castiel’s lips on his, when he parted them to let Cas in his mouth filled with salty, bitter come. It was too much, the moan that came out sounded like a wounded animal as Cas fed him his come.
“I am not ready for round two if that’s what you’re looking at me for.” Castiel tilted his head slightly before looking down at the both of them. He looked back at Dean before he reached up and snapped his fingers. Any mess on either of them was cleaned and he had to assume that the mess of his seats was also gone. Castiel reached behind him and opened the door, stepping out stark naked only for a moment before he snapped again and he was clothed, looking just the same as he had arrived. Dean felt a stab of something in his chest at the sight, but he pressed it down.
“Was anyone here late last night?” Castiel looked at Deacon Neil with a narrowed glance. Deacon Neil turned and pointed to the candles on the edge of the altar. Castiel saw a few candles were knocked down and it looked like they had marks in them, like someone had grabbed them with untrimmed nails.
“Your brother is his own man, Dean. He can make choices just as easily as you can. If he didn’t want to continue with your family business, he could very well leave with or without your permission.” Castiel thought about his own little family and felt a small pang of something in his gut that he hadn’t felt in years, not since announcing he would go into seminary school. Maybe if he had taken the more common avenue his parents would have thought differently of him. Better. He brushed the thought aside as he focused his attention back on the man next to him. “Decisions are a communicable practice. It requires action from two parties for any conclusion to be met. Nothings stopping him from eventually getting back into law school.” Dean was so quiet as he listened to Castiel that the Father thought for a second that he might have left. There was a pregnant pause which made the hair on the back of Castiel’s neck stand on end.
“I’m not infallible.” Castiel felt his tongue grow heavy as he started to speak. His guilt weighing on him heavily. “I have questions. I have doubts.” He pressed his head further into the wood as if he could share the grief and guilt with Dean. They could each bear their weights together. “I don’t know what is right, and what is wrong, anymore.” He was met with silence on the other side of the partition. “I don’t know if the pain ever ends, but I believe this life is more than suffering. I have felt joy. I have seen happiness, and love, and I have held that dearly. All of that can not collect just so that we may know what it is like to lose those things.” Castiel was suddenly very aware of the heaviness of his collar and the rosary they hung next to his heart. “We were not put here to suffer. I can’t put faith in that.” The fireworks stopped. Castiel let the silence linger for a moment before he spoke up again. “I don’t have an answer for you Dean, but I would be willing to walk this road with you.” They sat for a long time in silence. Castiel’s nose was filled with the rustic smell of smoke from the man beside him. After a moment he heard the soft sounds of choked sobs. Castiel closed his eyes, willing Dean to speak again.
“You have no idea.” Castiel lurched forward, his hands on Dean’s hips the only thing preventing him from knocking Dean’s hips against the back of the booth. “I’ll show you how filthy this mouth can get.” Dean squeezed his eyes closed at the combination of his words and his actions. Dean barely managed to recover as he made quick work of Castiel’s slacks and palmed his erection through his underwear. Cas grunted at Dean’s slightly chilled hands. It was winter and he showed up in jeans and a Henley. Dean pressed on Castiel’s cock, making him stutter in his kiss. Castiel growled as he knelt down and undid Dean’s pants and pulling out his cock in record fashion. Before Dean could fully comprehend what he had planned next, Castiel had already swallowed down half of his length. Dean jerked and cried out, grabbing at Castiel’s hair. Castiel continued until he carefully nuzzled his nose into Dean’s abdomen.
“She’s better off with her mother than me anyways.” Castiel can’t help the way his voice drops when he talks about Claire. Castiel watches as Dean’s hand makes a twitching motion before it settles on the table again. They sat for a moment, staring at each other from across the table. Castiel watched for the smallest movements in Dean’s face. He was sure Dean was doing the same thing. Castiel slid his eyes over Dean’s shoulder to glance at the clock. He noticed the time and looked back at Dean. His face was slightly red, but he didn’t say anything to address it.
“I’ll check out the sister’s house. You and Dean see about the other woman.” Cas pressed the open button just before the timer was going to go off. He took out the burrito and finished it in a few bites. Sam continued to watch the angel as he walked to the door. “But first,” He put his hand on the door handle. He watched as Dean came out of the bathroom. “You two
“Yes, but I’m going to make sure none of them hurt you.” Caleb ran forward and hugged Dean. Dean hugged him back and then Caleb let go of Dean and rushed at Cas, wrapping his little arms around Cas’ leg’s and smothering his face in Cas’ knees. Cas stood completely still, unsure of what to do. Dean raised an eyebrow at him, and Cas eventually put a hand on the little boy’s shoulder. Caleb let go and the door handle rattled. Caleb let go of Cas and ran to the door. The door opened and in stepped a man with a bag in his hands. Dean stood up and watched as Caleb beamed and what Dean could only guess was his father. Before Caleb could talk about the monster killers his dad saw Dean and Cas and shoved Caleb behind him.
Cas’ tongue darted out and ran along the roof of Dean’s mouth. Dean moaned and grabbed a fistful of Cas’ hair. The blue-eyed man ground his hips into Dean’s in response. Cas moved his arm to trail up and down Dean’s torso. Dean shivered in delight and Cas broke away. They were both panting hard, catching their breath. Dean piped up, “Did you learn that from the pizza man?” Cas shook his head. He leaned in close and nipped at Dean’s bottom lip. He kissed his way down Dean’s neck and then up to his ear.
“This is honestly more than most of my clients get out of me.” He could hear the man on the other line moving the phone around.
“A saturno can only be worn with a cassock.” Castiel saw Dean’s eyes flick towards him, taking in his current attire. “Bishop Michael doesn’t mandate we wear the cassock.” Dean gave him another quick flick of his eyes but didn’t look like he had any more understanding than before Castiel had explained.
“I can’t pay you back.” Dean took a step back from the priest. He watched as Dean’s eyes scanned his face several times before his brows furrowed together, darkening his expression. Castiel shifted the basket in his hand as sweat made his fingers slip on the wicker handle.
“Where should I start?” Dean seemed to be having a hard time looking him in the eye as well. He played with the edge of the kitchen table as he sat with his legs wide in the chair. It seemed he always needed to take up the most space wherever he was.
“My mom. She’s at work.” Castiel nodded as Caleb gave him his mother’s work number. The conversation was quick, his mother promising to be here shortly and to wait for her out front. He didn’t go into detail about what happened over the phone, he decided to leave that for when they met in person. Once he got off the phone, Caleb looked like he was mostly back to normal. Castiel sat back down in the seat next to Caleb.
He didn’t want Sam or Bobby to come looking for him because he knew if they found out that he was keeping Cas here they would set him free. Dean couldn’t let them do that. He had denied himself this for too long and now he wasn’t able to completely love Cas like he should have. Not that Cas knew any different. The only thing he knew of love were from living in poor old Jimmy Novak’s body for so long. Cas held the phone in his lap and stared at it for a few miles before he turned to look at Dean. He wasn’t wearing a seatbelt because why would a dead guy need to care about living. He wasn’t even a guy. He is an angel of the lord. Was. Cas gripped the phone as it sounded off again.
“I thought you could swim!” He barked, mad at himself for nearly threatening Castiel’s life, and also for being embarrassed at being buck naked in front of said angel.
Dean removed his lips from Cas’ with a loud pop, Dean could feel the sun drying his soaked skin as he took deep breaths. Cas continued to follow his lips and left kisses all along his jaw, seemingly mapping his face with his lips and tongue as he did so. He got to the junction between his jaw and his neck and bit down with a little more force than Dean was expecting. Dean let out a cry of arousal and shock as his hips bucked up into Castiel’s slacked pelvis. Cas let go of Dean’s neck and he could feel his lips hover on the shell of his ear.
“I always have been.” Castiel said once he finished taking his drink. Dean was still staring at the golden liquid in his cup.
Dean drove his baby down the interstate. A blood-stained trench coat in the seat next to him. After he left Bobby and Sam stranded in Nevada, Dean found the impala in a junk yard and stole a tow truck, hooking up the impala and driving it back to Lawrence. He put it in the garage and spent the next three months fixing it. Sam and Bobby had called him hundreds of times while he worked, but he ignored all of their calls and continued to fix up the impala. Once he was done, she was like new and he took off around the country looking for jobs. He didn’t talk to many people besides the few he needed to speak with to get information.
“Dean, be respectful.” Sam grunted, motioning to Castiel with his thumb. He made a little motion around his neck which Castiel could only assume meant that Castiel was ‘of the collar’. “He’s got a name.” He hissed before he pulled out a large roll of duct tape from his pocket. How he fit it in there he has no idea, but he went in search of the ladder. There was a storage closet not far from where the broken window was and there was a five foot ladder there for changing the lights under the gallery. He could still hear Sam and Dean bickering while his back was turned. He returned to the other men with the ladder in his hands, leaning it against the wall. Sam and Dean both gave it a quick glance before they pulled their fists out. After a few shakes and Sam designated the loser, Sam got up on the ladder. Dean grabbed the tarp from where it was unraveled on the ground as Sam climbed up on the smaller ladder. Thankfully Sam was rather tall and thus the missing height wasn’t a significant obstacle. Castiel watched as Sam climbed the ladder and Dean followed down below with the tarp. Castiel walked over to stabilize the ladder as Dean set about pulling long strips of tape off the roll and attaching them to Sam’s calves. Castiel heard a grunt from above him and saw Sam looking down at the long strips of tape with a roll of his eyes.
Sam was sitting on one of the beds with his laptop on his lap. He was scouring the internet for anything that Cas had described. Dean looked through his father’s book. Cas turned on the TV and flipped through the channels. He didn’t see anything that held his attention, so he walked over to where Dean was sitting at the table. Dean looked up from his book and gave Cas a blank glance. He leaned in to talk to the angel. “Hey, Cas,” Dean took a deep breath before he finished his sentence. “Are you alright?” Cas squint his eyes and his eyes flickered around Dean’s face. He searched for worry or some other emotion, but Dean kept his emotions reeled in.
“And what if I want you to cum just from me grinding on you, never even touching your cock.” Castiel pulled back to watch Dean’s expression. Dean’s eyes snapped open as a wanton cry stumbled its way out of his mouth.
Dean had to be restrained before he was able to calm down. Watching Cas die was worse than knowing he was dead. Knowing that he could do nothing to save him……. It was unbearable. Dean pushed away Bobby and Sam as they held him down. He grabbed Bobby’s keys and ran out the door. Before Sam and Bobby could gain their bearing and chase after him, they heard the sound of a car peeling out of the motel parking lot. Sam and Bobby ran outside and saw Dean driving away from the motel. Bobby cursed the boy and grabbed his hat.
“I know I don’t usually do this, but dear God….” Dean took a deep breath. “Please give him back to me. Send him back. I – “he stopped. “I need him.” Dean took another second before looking up. Still there was no response from the body on the mattress.
Sometime later an incessant noise woke Dean. He tensed suspecting danger. He looked over at Sam who was sprawled out on the bed, fast asleep. Dean grabbed his knife and slid quietly off the bed as he heard it once again. He looked carefully around the small motel room. He looked for the source of the noise. He moved his fingers around the handle of the knife and clenched until his knuckles were white. He rounded the small half wall when he heard it again. He looked over at Cas and the angel was curled up in the fetal position on the couch. His teeth were chattering. Dean put the knife away and walked over to Cas. He didn’t have any blankets to give the angel. The best he could give was his own sheets off of his bed.
“Thank you, Your Excellency. I wanted to do something to bring the community together for the season.” Castiel reached the lectern again, his eyes drifting up to the gallery. The figure from before was gone. Castiel couldn’t help the feeling of disappointment at having missed their departure. He tried to look around the Bishop to get a passing glance to see if he could pick out the leather coat he saw before. The Bishop saw his eyes flicker up to the gallery. Michael turned to look as well, the church nearly empty now, though Castiel could hear a few people in the chapel murmuring prayers.
“Yes, it is, I would like to get at least half of these put up before I need to return to the church.” Castiel turned around and started to walk towards the nearest telephone pole. He heard quick steps and soon enough Dean was walking beside him. Instead of saying anything, Dean reached over and pulled out some fliers from his basket. Castiel halted as Dean had now an armful of fliers and the stapler in his hands. The only thing left in his basket was an unopened water bottle and the tape.
“If you keep staring at me, you’ll give me a complex.” Castiel looked up as he spoke, catching his eyes before turning to look down the sidewalk. There were a few people at the next crosswalk. Castiel could hear them chatting amongst themselves.
“That’s more like it.” Dean didn’t have any time to even breath before Castiel was pumping into him with a tenacity he hadn’t scene except when they were fighting. He guessed the saying was true after all. He held onto the door as best he could to prevent his head from getting constantly hit against the hard plastic of the handle while Castiel continued to methodically thrust in and out of Dean. He grabbed at Dean’s ass and lifted him, causing Dean to jerk and spout obscenities as the angle was hitting the spot that made him see stars. It only took a few more thrusts like that before he was a stumbling mess,
“Castiel. Good to see you’re back.” Michael held himself differently than he did when he was under the guise of Bishop. Castiel had to admit that he did as well.
“Tell me.” Dean took a moment to stare at Cas. He seemed to be processing what it was Castiel wanted from him. Dean finally stood and Castiel led him out of the booth. He was nearly overwhelmed by Dean’s closeness and the smell of him filling his senses. He turned and led him back to his kitchen. Castiel pointed to the kitchen table which Dean took as invitation to sit down at. Castiel filled up his kettle and set it on the stove to warm up. He sat in the chair opposite of Dean. His kitchen table was so small if he reached his legs out he would have them tangled into Dean’s. He instead tucked them under his chair, his hands twitched to hold onto something and he tried not to let his eyes linger on Dean’s hands for too long.
“Speak with your brother.” Dean let out a strange noise, like he was punched in the stomach in the middle of laughing. “I will see about absolving you of all your other sins in my own time.” Castiel felt the weight of his keys around his neck and had nearly reached out to grab at the rosary that wasn’t there. Dean finally looked over at him and Castiel met his eyes for a moment before Dean stood and made his way out of the booth. Castiel resisted the urge to sneak a look out the booth. What kind of image was this man who had seen and committed so much sin in his life? Castiel waited until he heard the sound of the grand doors closing before he got up and exited the confessional. He walked to his study in a bit of a haze. He had several events he needed to plan, but he didn’t know if he was going to be able to focus on any of it after his encounter with Dean Winchester.
“I worry about your walker should you put too much of your strength into it. I’ll have to add ‘walkers’ in fine print for the coat drive.” She gave a small chuckle as she situated herself onto her seat. Castiel reached over and handed over her covered bible. The outside was embroidered with her name and a few crudely done flowers.
“My name is Dean. And this is Cas.” Dean saw no point in hiding the truth from the little boy. The little boy got off the couch and held his hand out to Cas. Cas looked at Dean then back at the boy. Dean nodded. Cas took the little boy’s hand carefully and shook it.
Months passed without another encounter with Dean Winchester. The haunting confession a distant memory as the summer months were almost in full gear, which usually meant many more events to contend with. He was more than happy to have his hands busy with his ever-growing clergy, by the time Easter arrived he had people in every pew of the nave and busting at the seams in the gallery. It had been so many more than he had anticipated and while he hadn’t had the same size following mass after Easter, he did put good to the extra pews that had been previously stored in the hallway to his office. His eyes swept out as he took in the many faces of his parishioners. He tried to ignore the way his eyes couldn’t pick out Dean Winchester from the large gathering. His prayers usually consisted of all of his parishioners in need, but he found he was praying a certain man’s name far more often than he did anyone else. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t worried about the man. After his confession, his mind began to race at the thought of what kind of business that the Winchester was involved in and thus got his brother re-involved in. He had dealt with members of gangs, he had briefly spent time in New York City, but there was some kind of conviction in Dean’s words that resonated with him that wasn’t the same he had heard from the words of current and former gang members. His brain was like a drain with the two words ‘monsters’ and ‘demons’ circling around, forever circling, but never following down into the drain.
Dean had one hand on the steering wheel and another digging through the box of cassettes in the passenger seat. He grabbed one at random and quickly switched out the two cassettes. Dean hit play and soon enough his car was flooded with a twangy crooning. Dean looked at the stereo in disgust as he pushed the eject button just as soon as he put the tape in. He scrunched his face in confusion as he read the label ‘Brooks & Dunn’. Sam must have left one of his cassettes in Dean’s box of 80’s hair metal. Dean’s fingers itched to take the cassette out, but something in the back of his mind decided to push it back in and listen to the start of the song. It started with a catchy hook and Dean had to even admit that himself. He had known his brother had kept a stash of country cassettes as he got more and more used to his brother driving the Impala. When Dean was driving, he knew Sam to keep his headphones in if they had lapsed into silence during the longer road trips. He knew he needed to update the stereo in her as the cassettes got older, they would simply quit functioning and he didn’t want to lose the ability to play music during those long hunting trips.
“I have to go. If I’m gone too long, they’ll send someone.” Dean nodded as he sat up and started to put on his boxers. Before Dean could get out of the car, Dean heard the flutter of wings. Dean looked at the spot where Castiel was previously standing and rubbed the back of his neck. He closed the back door and hurried to get clothed and head back to the motel before Sam started to worry as well and called every hunter in a forty-mile radius.
“Danny?” He looks around the room and sees his husband. Danny gets up and runs to his husband. They embrace and Danny starts to cry again. His head notched into his husband’s neck.
“What do you mean Dean?” Dean looked around for the words to use. He was never the best in these situations, choosing to be gruff over caring and respectful. With Cas he had a hard time hurting his feelings. It was like taking a knife and twisting it deeper and deeper into Dean’s heart. The face Cas was currently giving was chipping away at Dean’s resolve. This time he shifted in his seat for a different reason. Cas noticed and his eyes traveled hurriedly all over Dean’s body. The loose buttons that threatened to pop off of Dean’s chest. The slight unevenness to Dean’s breathing.
“Wait, you’re gonna shoot him and some chick? Why? What’s going on? Who even are these two chuckleheads?”
“Okay, so you end it. How? How does making Michael suspicious of Lucifer take down a freakin’ criminal empire?”
“Oh,” was all he could manage, heart hammering in his chest, skin tingling with whatever was passing between them.
So it was a sick joke that he somehow got assigned a carrel next to the world’s loudest asshole. Who the hell listened to Cher that loudly before noon in a fucking library? One song on repeat for the last two hours. Last week it’d been that song about the dude who cheats on his wife and loves pina coladas, over and over until Dean wanted to bash his brains out.
Down stairs was fairly quiet as the house was nearly empty throughout the day still, he could near the distinct sound of people pattering around in the kitchen. Muffled voices were nearly distinguishable and Castiel realized irritatingly that they were likely whispering about him. When he rounded the corner and entered the kitchen all sounds stopped.
“Looks like you aren’t getting much, huh, gorgeous? Tell you what,” Cas pressed his leg back into Dean’s crotch, making him groan. “Since you did such a good job, I’ll let you rub your little prick against my leg until you come in your pants.”
“I’m not going to hurt you, baby. I promise,” Cas licked his lips, reaching a hand out to run through Dean’s hair. “I’m going to touch you, just like you wanted. Going to make you feel good, gorgeous, don’t you want that?”
“Nah, I like you. I’m gonna like kissing you no matter what weird shit you do.” Castiel smiled slightly, looking down to hide it. “Hey,” Dean titled his chin back up, “I’m serious. If you wanted to wait until you felt more comfortable, you could’ve told me that, too.”
It was so strange how the other man reacted to things—seemingly much more excited by the prospect of Castiel’s continued presence than the potential for reward. Maybe he hadn’t made it clear that the reward would involve some form of sexual gratification? Or maybe he thought anything sexual would be too focused on Castiel’s pleasure and so not a satisfying reward? He considered this, wondering if he’d been too selfish with Dean. Perhaps, he thought, I should do something just for him.
Being here felt so good, so warm and comfortable. Dean’s body was even smoother than usual, the roughness edged out with sleep and all he wanted to do was press their bodies together until they were indistinguishable. The thought made his dick throb more urgently, automatically reaching down to cup Dean’s naked ass firmly.
“Uriel.” All three of them spoke at the same time, nodding as Dean continued. “Uriel isn’t part of this, is he? He’s loyal to Michael—”
He watched Michael slump further into his chair, pressing the heels of his palm to his eyes. The quiet of the room settled back down on them and he realized with a kind of abject horror the full implication of that unnerving silence.
Castiel’s jaw snapped shut and they sat there staring at each other for a few minutes. Then, without warning, the other man rose slowly from the chair. As he walked toward the door, he stopped to run his thumb along one of Dean’s cheeks, bending down to kiss him chastely on the head. He only lingered there for a moment, then walked straight out the door leaving Dean shocked and alone in the kitchen.
Castiel gasped in surprise, huffing a breath of hot air against Dean’s hole that was audibly appreciated. The feather light touches to the head of his cock drove him crazy, made him wild with need and he found himself pushing Dean from his face far sooner than he has intended. Taking the hint, the man scooted back so that he was once again sitting on Castiel’s chest.
They kissed for a long time, just as slow but increasingly passionate. Dean's hands ran all over his body—down his chest, sides, back, neck, tangling in his hair. For his part he’d planted hands on either side of Dean on the counter, wanting to make it clear that the other man could touch freely and unimpeded. Eventually he leaned forward, pressing their erection together and lazily rolling his hips. When he heard a sound catch in dean's throat, he pulled back, breaking the kiss.
“My boss? Bobby is a freakin’ dirty cop?” The panic had returned to Dean’s face as he glanced between the brothers frantically.
“Okay.” Castiel said, a strange kind of happiness uncurled somewhere within him and filled his limbs with a buzzing warmth.
He’d never let anyone look at him like this. Dean felt vulnerable and nervous, but more than that, he felt eager, wanting. “So beautiful.” Cas breathed, and Dean could feel his breath against him, the sensation making Dean gasp. Before he knew what was happening Cas was slowly, reverently, dragging his thumb against the rim of his hole. He moaned in response, hips bucking forward without his permission.
Castiel fanned his fingers out, taking care to catalogue the sensation of Dean’s body beneath him—warm and soft, firm muscles shifting slightly as he breathed—before burying his face against the man’s sweet smelling skin. It was intoxicating. He wanted to live inside the moment.
“So we thinking a—ah—a rival gang or some Captain America wanna be?” He tried to joke but his throat was dry, images of Balthazar and Castiel kept flashing in his head making him feel sick.
Balthazar huffed, “That’s what I told him. But I suppose the damage is done either way, he can’t un-see any of this.”
“Boys, please! Can we stay on task?” Jess pleaded, reaching across the table to grab Dean’s arm and giving them all a hard look in the process. “I’m sure they have reasons, Sam.”
Castiel massaged his back until his fingers were sore, paying particular attention to the neck, tracing the curve of his spine, rubbing smooth circles across his lower back. It was surprising how much he was enjoying this—touching Dean, caressing his body with hands, fingers, forearm. It felt good to work down Dean’s arms, sides, and thighs, taking time, going slowly and carefully.
“Settle!” Castiel shouted, glaring at all three of them. “Gabriel, Balthazar. Dean is here to help, he wants to help us and I trust that his word is true. Please, we have a number of predicaments that he may be able to solve but we will not know until he is apprised of the full situation. Will you let me proceed in explaining or do you insist on interrupting me every other sentence?”
Castiel blushed, smiling apologetically at his sister who just rolled her eyes and reached across the bed to grab his laptop—open to Dean Winchester’s facebook. “Hey—”
Dean opened his eyes then, and Castiel had to stop himself from sighing—the man was beautiful, all nervousness replaced with a warmth, a wanting. He ran his hands down Dean’s legs to his shoes, untying them with slow, exaggerated movements and then setting them beside the belt. He reached for the socks next but stopped and, instead of removing them, ran his fingers firmly along the sole, digging into the tightly knotted muscle.
“It’s okay,” he said dazedly, still leaning into their kiss even after Castiel had wandered away to get dressed. The view of which was fantastic—the way he bent down, showing off the perkiness of his ass, the curve of his spine, the taper of his waist—making Dean groan quietly to himself. When the other man was done dressing, he bent over the bed for one last gentle kiss and Dean took the opportunity to straighten his crooked tie. Cas smiled, “Bye, baby,” he breathed hotly, “be good while I’m gone.”
“Stop.” Dean croaked, their eyes meeting in the mirror. “Can you, w-want you to, to leave them on.” He was red with embarrassment again but Cas just made a wild, animalistic sound before sharply tugging the silk material to one side and exposing his hole. The cold air of the room set his skin on edge and he clenched involuntarily, a sight that only seemed to make the other man crazy.
He looked to Victor for confirmation and then man nodded. “Abduction rates are high around the seedier parts of town.”
“So that’s where you’ve been the past while? All tangled up in some sweet, pretty little girl while I’m stuck here all alone? I’m hurt, Clarence, really.”
When they pulled away Dean shut his eyes and moaned, picking up the pace while Castiel gulped in air helplessly, barely able to comprehend the tight heat around his cock, the perfect friction as Dean clenched every time he pulled off.
“Cas, I, I don’t think any less of you. You take care of me when I need it and I’ll take care of you when you do. Okay?”
“Oh my god,” Charlie whispered into his ear after Dean had left. “I told you the tighter bathing suit would get his attention.” She slapped his butt playfully but he was too happy to care.
He was lost in thought when he opened the pantry, rummaging through the shelves in search of the container of instant while his mind ran through all the potential cases they could be assigned. For whatever reason the smell of coffee was unusually good and strong this morning. The jar wasn’t even visible but the whole pantry just smelled so good. He sighed, happy. It was probably just another manifestation of his good mood, so he smiled and started whistling again.
Dean thought he was going to pass out. It took him the entire week just to look at them again, and the rest of the weekend to work up the courage to try a pair on. It was Monday and, thankfully, there was no sign of another gift. That’s when he decided to do it, to finally put one on. He closed his eyes and ran a hand reverently over the pile of fabric neatly stacked on his nightstand, fingers caressing the satin and lace and silk. He closed his hand around the pink silk, the bows just too much to resist. It was a beautiful pair, he had to admit, and as he pulled it free his heart started to beat with excitement.
“Please,” Dean made a strangled sound and wrapped his legs around Castiel’s waist, using them to try to force Castiel inside.
Almost like a prayer was being answered, when Dean got back to the main part of the station, Victor was standing over Kevin’s desk.
“Oh great, another jackass we don’t know gets a warm welcome to the brotherhood. And your boytoy’s already betrayed our confidence! That’s peachy! Isn’t that peachy Balthazar?”
He couldn’t take much before he was gagging but the surprised chocked sound Cas made when his lips wrapped tightly around his shaft had him trying again a moment later. It was only a few minutes before he adjusted to having his lips stretched wide and was able to set a rhythm that had Cas gasping. His head bobbed up and down, hand awkwardly jerking what he couldn’t fit in his mouth.
Wanting to quell the other man’s unease, he poured his focus into appearing as favorable as possible. "That's really good of you, baby," he purred, "thinking about my needs like that.” He took a step closer, crowding in as close as he could without their bodies touching. “You deserve a reward for being so good. What would like, Dean?" He said, thinking: please ask me to kiss you, please ask me to kiss you, please ask me to kiss you.
“I was contracted by Michael to terminate Robert Singer, yes. My guess is that this move is to placate me, considering the role Robert played in my capture.”
Cas made a loud hurt noise, slapping Dean’s ass while he spoke. “I’m hurt, gorgeous. Do you really think I don’t know everything about you?” Two fingers suddenly replaced the thumb, rocking in and out of his loose rim. The rhythm was still too slow, driving him crazy. “I-I-I don’t need anymore prep, want you now.” He was already stretched from earlier and didn’t understand why Cas was taking his time like this.
Balthazar looked shocked for a moment before bursting out laughing, “You always do get even, huh, Cassie?”
“Yeah,” Dean’s mind played through all the images he’d ever seem of crime scenes associated with Castiel. “He never left any blood, killed them with one stab wound to the throat and let them drain out. We assumed he hung them upside down and wash their bodies afterward.”
Almost as if on cue, a rivulet of come dribbled down his leg. He groaned, storming back toward his bed. It was too dammed early to be thinking about Cas. Maybe Bobby was on to something about the whole sleeping thing.
“Through the panties?” Hooded green eyes blinked up at him, causing him to moan. Dean looked so beautiful, so perfect like this—spread out, cheeks a delicate pink, body open and inviting.
Dean Garth had done such a terrifying, precise job. Even though he knew the whole thing was contrived, the story still made it feel real. According to Detective Winchester, the brutal killings were likely intended as a threat of some kind. As of now the police are still unclear as to the target of this terrible message. Castiel could have believed it—the cruelty of the murders made it clear that this was a statement.
“Yeah, Cas,” he breathed, rubbing the back of his neck. “You kind of—man, you kind of messed him up.”
“Is that what you want baby, my tongue in your pretty little ass? Want me to lick that greedy hole of yours?”
The detective sighed, “Alright, well, me ‘n Kev are gonna need to fake some reports for you guys. I can make sure we’re the one’s on duty when everything goes down and Sam’ll keep Bobby occupied long enough to convince the world he’s been snuffed.”
They both laughed for a minute, some of the tension leaving Castiel’s body until Dean smiled at him fondly, hands sliding down to wrap loosing around his waist. “Hey,” he said quietly, the strange heavy mood settling down on them again, despite the rain.
“What—what would you, ah, do to me? If I had them o-o-on?” They’d barely started and Dean was already panting, so desperate for it. Castiel gently pumped in and out, trying to spread the lubricant around as much as possible and wet the rim.
Cas smiled indulgently and brought his lips back to Dean’s oversensitive cock, trailing kisses up and down for a second before breathing, “Come for baby boy,” and taking him all the way back into his throat at the same time that his finger struck his prostate again. Dean shouted, head smashing back against the concrete floor as Cas ripped his orgasm from his body.
Dean nodded dumbly and wiggled himself into position. Maybe, Castiel thought, if he enjoys it when I touch his feet, he’ll find similar touches across his back equally pleasing. He made quick work of his own clothes and then padded to the washroom for some lotion. When he got back he climbed up Dean’s body and settled himself just below that perfect ass, taking a moment to kiss the freckles spattered across his cheeks.
Without really realizing it, his fingers found their way to the soft hair at the back of Dean’s neck. He flushed but didn’t pull away and was rewarded when Dean drew their bodies closer.
“’m fine. Dizzy.” He tried to sit up, Dean’s hands a warm, steady pressure against his arms. The touch reminded him of their almost kiss, making him cringe and groan out loud.
“I don’t think you’re desperate.” He tilted his head again, brows pulled together in concentration as though trying to unravel some complicated mystery.
“You know, Gabriel does have a point.” His eyebrows crinkled into a confused scowl as he tried to figure out how she could agree with Gabriel about anything. “Albeit phrased poorly,” she added, smiling compassionately, “You already have Dean’s affection, there’s no need to fuss like this.”
He rolled his eyes. “He’s all muscle cars and leather jackets and sports and danger. That’s not me.”
“Do you really think you deserve to touch me after that?” He used the hand not touching himself to motion in the direction of the coffee. Dean ducked his head, feeling strangely ashamed.
Dean turned and smiled nervously, like he wasn’t sure whether he’d done the right thing. "I, I thought you might want some." His voice was barely louder than a whisper and shakier than Castiel would have preferred. The idea that his baby actually feared his reaction to such a small gesture made his stomach twist in a new and unpleasant way.
Worse, he thought, Dean wouldn’t know what happened and assume he’d just been abandoned. A terrible image of Dean coming home to an empty apartment, waiting eagerly at the table until he was too tired to stay awake, kept flashing behind his eyes. Fretting, endlessly wondering what he’d done wrong, pinning after a dead man he thought had left him—the image was almost worse than the idea of dying itself.
“Are you sure you don’t want me to deal with that?” The man nodded in the direction of Castiel’s slowly softening cock, smiling hopefully as he spoke.
A strangled sound escaped his own lips and his hands came up to claw Dean’s back, holding them even closer. Above him Dean’s head was thrown back in pleasure, his flushed cock leaking where it rubbed against their stomachs.
“Don’t do this,” Dean implored, tugging on his arm in an attempt to make him turn back around so they could talk. Ignoring the sad sound of the man’s voice, Castiel shook off his attempts and they sat in silence for a minute. Finally, Dean sighed in resignation. “Okay,” he muttered, “Okay, Cas, we’ll shower.”
“I suppose. We’ll need to have cars waiting, form a blockade. He won’t come willingly once he realizes where they’re headed.”
“Don’t you tell me to listen, boy. I should drive over to that hole of an apartment and make you see sense.”
“Told them I had to deal with a client. Guy’s a real baby, so it’ll probably take all morning.” Sam didn’t even turn around from the stove, but Dean could practically hear the kid’s big dumb grin.
Castiel pulled back a little, heart pounding in his chest because what was he doing? He chewed his lip, breaking out into a smile as he made his voice as grave and serious as ever, “When first he gleamed upon my sight,”
“Can I tell you something, if you promise not to tell another soul?” Cas moved his hand from the edge of the partition and leaned against the wall separating them, lowering his voice so that Dean would be the only one able to hear it. There was still the distant drumming of fireworks going off in the city, he ignored them to listen intently to Dean. Dean didn’t respond, instead he moved until Cas heard a soft thud on the other side of the wall. He knew that Dean was leaning on the same wall he was leaning on.
“You’re voice is intoxicating.” Castiel kept pumping his hand around his cock as he wished he could feel the man against him.
“Start, whenever you’ve collected your thoughts.” Castiel couldn’t help the curiosity that wanted to look over at the screen and look at the man next to him. The man in question cleared his through and there was a shuffle of clothing as he readjusted himself on the wooden bench.
“Ghosts are pretty common, not all of them are aggressive like that though.” Dean leant back and moved his hands to his knees. “Just about anything you can think of is out there.” Dean went on to tell him of all the creatures he and his brother ever hunted. Whenever he talked about his brother his voice was dripping with grief. About halfway through his explanation the whistle from the kettle went off and Castiel got up to pour himself and Dean some tea. He did them up rather nice and came back, offering Dean the cup. He looked at it apprehensively, but eventually gave it a sip. His voice changed a fraction and Cas could tell that he enjoyed it more than he had originally thought he would. He continued shortly after and he went on until both of their cups were empty and Cas was leaning over the table listening to him. After what felt like hours, Dean had summed up just about everything he had ever encountered. He stopped to look into his cup longingly. Cas knew that he wasn’t staring at the cup looking for more tea.
Dean didn’t care if Sam made fun of him for it later, he cared that Cas was no longer going to freeze because he didn’t know how to take care of himself as a human. After several minutes Dean, himself, was able to relax and be consumed by the need to sleep.
“A few years back an old man died in there of natural causes. It’s been on and off the market several times in those last few years.” Carey stops and thinks for a second. “I think his name was Earl Stampean.” Dean grabbed Sam’s laptop that he took when he ran off and searched Earl Stampean in the Berlin obituaries. Earl came up with a picture. It was of the same guy that they saw earlier. He looked for where he was buried and found the name of the cemetery. Dean grabbed his phone and looked at it before putting it away.
“Thank you for your assistance.” He reached his hand out to shake their in gratitude. Sam reached out first to grab his hand in his large grasp.
They were silent for a while as each man gathered their thoughts. Finally Castiel spoke, “Thanks?” The man on the other line chortled as response.
Dean was quick to turn on the vehicle and pull off into the road. He started to ease himself as they got further out of town. The fliers were placed in the middle of the bench seat, being held down by the middle belt buckle. There was the faint sound of music coming from the stereo, but Dean didn’t move to turn it up while he drove.
“Hmm?” Cas hummed. Dean growled out his name again as Cas used his other hand to gently massage Dean’s balls and wrapped his fingers around his dick. Dean lay back and keened at Cas’ touch.
Castiel read the numbers in his head, then once quietly aloud. He finished peeing and walked over to the sink to wash his hands. He had a happy little smile on his face as he looked in the mirror and said the phone number aloud again.
The sermon had gone better than he had originally thought it was going to go. The people of the parish reached a silent acceptance and Castiel would see a few people glance over at the patched window while he gave his sermon. Deacon Neil had seemed the most upset about the situation. He had stood in the aisle and prayed while Castiel preached. He decided to scrap his previously planned sermon and decided instead to talk about forgiveness. When he finished he was approached by several of his clergy offering to repair the window. Castiel thanked them for their generosity. He asked them to give him their schedules so he could get that fixed before the weather started to take a turn for the worst. Castiel saw Caleb clutching his bible in the front row, his eyes glancing at Castiel before his parents ushered him out. Castiel had wanted to speak with the boy, but he hadn’t returned to summer camp since his incident. The only time he had seen the boy was when he showed up once a week to attend church. Castiel had been busy the rest of the day coordinating schedules and his various tasks for the summer. He had a wedding upcoming that he felt like he was spending hours on the phone for. Being the venue was one of the biggest components in the wedding and while he enjoyed marrying people he did not enjoy the endless phone time that that entailed. He had officiated a few weddings in his life, but most of them were done elsewhere than the church he was preaching at. His only requirement was showing up.
“Two weeks ago one of my summer camp kids wandered into the graveyard because he told me that a little boy had led him down there. Then he was grabbed either by the little boy or someone else, I don’t know, but he has been terrified to go on that side of the property since then. That’s the biggest thing that’s happened besides the scratches on my arms.” Castiel took a deep breath before he sat back in the pew. Sam returned shortly after with a shake of his head.
“No, but I did hear something last night. It must have been rats or mice.” Deacon Neil raised an eyebrow to him, but seemed otherwise satisfied with that answer. Castiel and Deacon Neil left the chapel, but Castiel couldn’t help the strange feeling that settled in his gut. He thought maybe he had eaten too fast and pushed the feeling to the back of his mind when he heard the first voices of kids at the entrance.
“Father Castiel Novak.” Castiel was able to grab his hat before it fell to the ground, but it did dust the ground with a fine white dust before it melted into the stone of the steps. “Your Excellency.”
Sam looked up from his computer at Cas. Cas didn’t move his eyes from the news article. “Hey, Cas?” Castiel looked up finally. “When was the last time you ate? Or slept?” Cas blinked slowly. He hadn’t thought about that. He was so used to not doing normal human things that his vessel needed. He set the article down and picked up another one.
Castiel leaned over to kiss at Dean’s chest, before speaking, “Are you going to make it a habit of thinking about me while you get yourself off or would you prefer me to just take you every time you got the urge instead?” Dean arched his back as the words registered in his brain. He felt his balls tighten once Cas was done speaking and he had to bite his lip to prevent himself from coming.
“I know a thing or two as well.” Castiel’s eyes flicked between Dean’s softening dick and his eyes. Dean used the angel’s tie to pull him closer and crush his lips against his again. Dean took no time in darting his tongue out to explore the angel’s mouth. He used his other hand to trail down Castiel’s torso until he reached the belt of Cas’ pants and was able to undo it with one hand. He made quick work of the button and zipper before leaning all his weight down to have Castiel fall backwards onto the dock. Dean made sure they wouldn’t both fall off and into the water once more before he did so. It was his turn to straddle the angel. Cas’ hand had reached up and had a tight grip on the back of Dean’s head, his fingers interlocked in his short hair.
They all looked at the dead body under the pipe and after a second it turned into black smoke and vanished into the floor below it. Dean picked up the pipe and began to look around for more weapons. Cas heard a voice off in the distance and he looked around to the boys. Dean and Sam were continuing to search for weapons, unaware of the voice Cas heard. Cas saw something move out of the corner of his eye and he whipped around.
“He’s a mechanic and kind of a scrap yard, but mostly he’s a mechanic.” Castiel nodded his head as Dean explained. “He taught me everything I know about fixing up cars.” Castiel narrowed his eyes a little as his eyes moved down to look at Dean’s arms which were pressed firmly to his sides, as if he was afraid to spread out next to Castiel.
The following morning Castiel told Deacon Neil that he was taking care of someone and wouldn’t be available for most of the day. When Castiel gazed upon the old man’s face, Castiel could see a shimmer of another feature just under the surface. Like the Deacon was wearing a veil and the face underneath was sleeping just underneath. The other figure’s face had their eyes closed and didn’t recognize Castiel when he placed a hand on the Deacon’s shoulder. Castiel spent the rest of the day alternating between eating and speaking with Dean. He seemed in no rush to leave. He barely even wore more than his jeans as he paraded around between the four rooms behind the church. Castiel would be lying if he said that the sight of Dean with hickeys all over his chest and neck parading around half naked didn’t have an effect on him. It had led to several more hickeys appearing before Dean’s body throughout the day and one or two times with the man pinned against the wall like a fine art museum.  His sweaty chest and euphoric expression would fit in along side any painting within the Louvre.
“What – “ Dean took a second, he leaned a little closer to Cas as he stumbled over his words. “What does it look like?” Castiel stared at the glowing, moving, things that waxed and waned as Dean breathed. Castiel tried to find the words to express the vitality of Dean’s soul. Castiel reached out and gently laid his hand over Dean’s chest. The heat underneath his hand flared and his soul sparkled as if it was a firework. Cas could feel the combination of his heartbeat and the thrum of his soul under his fingertips.
“Hey, where you going?” Dean looked slightly disheartened before his face seemed to collect itself and a curious look came over his face.
“I don’t want you to pay me back.” Dean’s face had pinched together as he dared to shift his feet. He shook his shoulders a bit as he seemed to be dispelling any tension in them with the simple motion. “I don’t want you to get stranded around here waiting for a bus.” There was something in his voice that made Castiel narrow his eyes and turn fully to Dean. The full force of his stare had Dean shuffling his feet and rubbing the back of his neck. “Come on, Padre, it’s too hot out here to argue.” Castiel had to agree with that statement and took a step towards Dean, who seemed to let go of his breath as he did so.
Dean went over to his bed and dragged off the sheets. He saw Cas’ shivering body and threw caution to the wind. He had the blankets wrapped around his shoulders as he walked to the cough. Dean stood with the blankets, looking for the best plan of execution before he laid his whole body on Cas’. Dean made sure the blankets completely covered Cas. Dean wrapped his arms, with the blanket in hand, around Cas. After a few minutes Cas stopped shivering and made a content noise. He relaxed and nuzzled his nose in Dean’s arm.
“I need to finish picking up this glass and then I have to find something to cover this window.” Castiel made a motion to the broken window next to them. It was a rather large window and while most of the glass was on the ground, there were still shards clinging higher up on the sill. Dean took a long look at it before he made a noise that sounded like words, but Castiel was so frustrated he wasn’t sure what he might have said.
“We dealt with the boy last night. He shouldn’t be around anymore.” Castiel lifted his head when Dean finished speaking.
“Yes, please.” He had his hands clutching Castiel’s back from under his arms and after giving permission, Cas slipped out of his hold and slowly made his way down Dean’s torso, licking at his chest here and there as he continued his path. The majority of Dean’s body was dry at this point having been sprawled out on the dock with the midday sun beating down on them. Castiel’s tie tickled his skin as the angel pulled up just as he got to Dean’s eager erection. Dean tried to not show just how much the angel’s look of full-blown lust as he gazed longingly at his cock had him almost spent. He grabbed at the wooden deck he was laying on as he watched Cas slowly lower his head until his lips were just an inch from his dick. Dean had a hard time keeping his eyes open, caught between wanting to watch and resisting the urge to cum as he did so. Castiel looked at him through his dark eyelashes, licking his lips and took Dean’s entire leaking cock in his mouth. Dean moaned and jerked, Cas’ hand shooting out like a lightning strike to grab his hip and hold him with a strength he forgot the angel had. He could feel the wood creak as Cas held him down and ran his tongue along the length of Dean’s cock.
swimming lessons and the pool closing somehow how went by both in slow motion and on fast forward. As soon as the lifeguard had left, Charlie leaned over and whispered, “Holy shit.”
The other man squinted, eyes searching Castiel’s face for deception. “Does anyone know you’re here? That you’re here with me?”
The entire drive over to Dean’s apartment Castiel heart wouldn’t slow, pounding out an erratic rhythm for seemingly no reason. This was hardly the first time he’d been there, so why was his body wracked with nerves? Why did he care so much about this? Mustering all of his might, Castiel pushed his emotions down, clearing his mind of everything outside of the mission.
“Robert Singer,” he said, walking toward the large oak desk near Uriel. Castiel felt strangely as though he’d heard the name before, but couldn’t place it. “I’ve prepared a briefing for you, of course. I expect it done within the week. I’ll have them transfer the funds upon completion of the task. Is this agreeable?”
“What?” Castiel’s head whipped around, eyes growing impossibly wide as he stared at his best friend in a mix of horror and disbelief.
“Who’s Cas? No one else is here.” The concern in his voice registered distantly and Dean blinked as he collapsed on the bed, scanning the room for Cas.
“What’s the matter?” Cas asked, innocent and soft as if the asshole really cared. “Cold feet? You do still want to crack the case, don’t you? Be the big hero, save the day?”
“Bobby’s never gonna go along with you guys, so how you plannin’ on making that work?” Dean scoffed.
“Yes it is. I’m not a good man, Dean. I’m not even strong—I can’t protect the people I care for. I don’t deserve this, your attentions, your affections.”
But if this was Cas—well that would mean this was partially his fault. If he’d never made that stupid deal, if he’d just arrested the man, none of those people would be dead. Thinking about that made him feel physically sick and he tried his best to push the nausea away.
“Huh,” Dean grabbed one of the files, flipping through until he found the right page. “We’re pretty sure they’ve had an ongoing truce with the group Cas is associated with, for the past ten years. You think he’s trying to start some kind of war? Weaken both sides until they’re too scared of each other to do anything?”
“Those who seek vengeance ought dig two graves.” He could see Dean move his head in response, probably a nod.
after you get laid.” Sam shut his laptop and rubbed at his eyes. Dean stopped humming for a second as he finally caught what he was doing. He went to the bathroom to brush his teeth even though he was sure that Cas had made sure every part of him was clean, he just wanted something to do with his hands.
“It’s hot outside.” Castiel could feel the sun beating down on the back of his neck as he watched Dean wiggle his fingers in his pockets. He knew he would have a sun burn there and he was mentally kicking himself for not bringing any sunscreen.
“What kind of questions?” The little boy’s head swung from Cas to Dean. His legs bounced on the couch. Dean sat down in the chair facing the couch and stayed eye to eye with the little boy.
Dean could hear the shower start and he cursed his brother and his long legs. Dean took off his pants and was going to finish off his underwear, but he had to check behind him. Cas was working at the fastening of his jeans. “Uh, Cas.” The angel looked up. Dean couldn’t help but admire the angel’s bare torso. He blushed and cleared his throat. “Do you mind closing your eyes?” Cas tilted his head. His face scrunched up, disoriented with Dean’s request. Dean motioned to his underwear and Cas finally managed to get his jeans loose. He shoved them off and stood like Dean, in his underwear. He moved to remove them, but Dean held up his hands and stopped him. “At least let me turn around first!” Dean grumbled. He had his back to Cas, and he heard Cas wrangle with the too big clothes. “Are you decent?” Cas tilted his head.
“I was hot and thought I’d take a swim. What’re you doing here?” Dean tried to ignore the way Cas was squinting at him as if to try and look at him more clearly through the water. He also tried to ignore the way his skin had suddenly gotten much hotter after Castiel arrived and his reminder that he was currently stark naked.
It wouldn’t be until after the new year that Castiel would have his first encounter with the mysterious man. His back ached from having spent so long in the age worn booth. Castiel couldn’t help but notice how nearly everything was falling apart around his ears. He had dealt with his fair share of old churches, but nothing like where he was currently stationed. He wondered why the previous priest had been removed with very little ceremony and as he looked around the church that had just enough polishing to hide the fact that the beams looked like they could cave at any moment and knew whatever the reason, it had something to do with the near decay this church was experiencing. Castiel leant forward to rub at the back of his neck, contemplating leaving the booth for the night when he heard the sound of footsteps approach the booth. Castiel moved back in his bench and straightened himself in his seat. He could hear the other individual situating themselves on the other side of the screen. Castiel darted his eyes over as he opened his mouth to speak, but he was beat to break the silence by the man beside him.
“Have you ever lost someone close to you, Cas?” Dean postured. Castiel leant back in his seat, his movements less rigid than they were when they had first sat down.
“Uh, no I kind of want to get back in.” Dean was surprised that he was even able to get a full sentence out with the way Castiel was looking at him. Cas’ eyes darted to the side of his face before he reached out and very carefully used his index finger to swipe under Dean’s chin. Dean watched as Castiel pulled his hand back and there was a water droplet hanging off of the tip of his finger. Dean wondered if it was the combination of fear and adrenaline that made him reach up and grab at the side of Castiel’s face. Dean shot forward, lifting himself off the dock to crash his lips against Castiel’s. The angel took a moment his thoughts about the current situation before kissing him back. Dean groaned as Castiel’s tongue pressed against the seam of his lips. Dean felt Cas’ tongue line the outside of his lips before Dean gasped to let his tongue in his mouth.
After Deacon Neil left for the day Castiel had come out to wish him farewell as to keep up the appearance of him taking care of his companion within the bellows of the church. Dean would stay until the next morning before he would return at night to lay chest to chest with Castiel in the back room.
“I can see that.” The father walked into the living room and Dean and Cas followed. The father sat down on the couch much like his son. Cas and Dean stood in front of him. “So…?”
Dean didn’t get much further than that before he felt a hand on his hip, spinning him until he was laying on his back in the back seat, his legs hanging out of the car, Castiel in-between them. Dean reached down to search with his hand under the back seat until his hand came into contact with a bottle of lube he kept for special occasions. Dean set the lube behind his head as Cas grabbed at his legs to press him against his waist. Dean groaned at the man handling and at the way the movements were making his jeans rub against his erection. Dean watched as Cas leaned down, one hand on the hood of the car to help him look in, the other moving higher up to Dean’s button. The image was ethereal, and he was biting his lip to keep from coming just at the though of the angel’s hand on his cock. Dean reached down to help Cas with his pants and hurried to wiggle out of his jeans. His boxers might as well have gone too with he way his dick was straining against the fabric. Castiel reached forward to run his fingers underneath Dean’s shirt, along his abs and torso. The feeling of the angel’s hands was almost more than he was ready for. It sent a shiver down his spine as Cas started to remove Dean’s shirt, leaving the hunter in just boxers, and Castiel still in his suit even if he was sans tie and trench coat. The feeling of being bare in front of the angel made his blood bubble just under his skin.
“I’d straddle your lap and grind on you.” Castiel nearly gasped as he imagined the man sitting on him. “I’d wiggle my tight ass on your cock.”
Castiel stumbled into the bathroom of the bar that Gabriel had dragged him to. It was a ‘hidden gem’ as he liked to call it which meant he had banged the bartender and she still pined after him, so he got free drinks. Gabriel convinced him to go since they were both recently single – Castiel didn’t see it nearly as the same situation since the longest relationship Gabriel ever had was with high school math teacher, and that’s only because he had to take the class twice – and it would be a good way for him to find a useless one night stand.
“Tell me what you request, Dean.” The gravel in Cas’ voice was thicker as he could see sweat start to trickle from his hair line.
“Do you want me to call your mother or your father?” Caleb sniffled a little as he started to gulp down more water. Castiel waited while Caleb finished the glass.
“Dean – “Dean curled his fists at his sides and shrugged the pain off. “You can’t just go around trying to kill yourself, hunting alone. Did you forget that there are still hundreds of demons that would love to have our head?” Dean only blinked. “We’re the Winchester’s we stick together!” Sam raised his voice. Dean looked at the clock, 3:42. His eyes were dry, and he wanted to go back to bed.
“Mine’s younger, even if he has two feet on me and is a moose of a man.” There was that distant voice again. “Yeah, yeah, get out of here. Would hate for you to be late for school because you over slept in your moose cave.” The voice again. “I don’t care about where they live, you don’t live here. Now go.” There was the sound of a door closing and then the man was back on the line. “Sorry about that.”
“Oh, my brother gave it to me.” Castiel continued to stare at the red hand while Dean spoke. The crosswalk adjacent to them turned green and a few people separated from the group they had been gathered in.
“Cas.” He whispered. Cas nodded and Dean hung his head. He looked over at the other bed and shivered. He rubbed his eyes and looked around in the blackness.
“If you’re going to take the rest of those then I think my job is done here.” Castiel stood up from the bench and started walking further into he city. He could feel Dean’s eyes on his back before there was a rustling and Dean had made quick strides to catch up to him. A hand on his shoulder stopped Castiel in his tracks.
“What’s the scoop, Sam?” Sam removed his jacket and placed it next to his brother’s. Sam leaned forward as Dean sped off to find food.
“Yes. But she’s not dead, just,” Castiel watched as Dean stiffened a little. “Out of reach.” Castiel played with the handle on the coffee cup in front of him.
“Sam, move.” It was the first acknowledgment to either of them since news of the sister. Cas watched the exchange with a weary glance.
“Hey, Cas.” The angel turned and looked at Dean with half lidded eyes. He swayed from sleep and he was trying to get his brain to process what was going on. “Catch.” Dean threw the sandwich and Cas stared at the flying package before reaching out and grabbing it. He blinked at it owlishly before his stomach protested at the hesitation. He unwrapped the food and ate a few bites before he hummed and shuffled over to the table where Dean and Sam were stationed, currently. Dean gave Sam a look that meant ‘we’ll finish this later’.
“That’s not all you got me.” Dean gulped and tried to hide his blush by looking around. Cas moved, so he had one arm on each side of Dean. Dean looked at Cas’ crystal blue eyes and realized that he was getting closer. He didn’t know what the fading angel was doing, but Dean couldn’t move. He was transfixed on his angel’s hooded blue eyes. Before Dean could object, Cas was a mere breathes away from Dean’s lips. Dean was breathing hard and waiting for Cas to move. Cas took a deep breath. Dean was still having a hard time breathing. Cas finished the rest of the distance and pressed his lips to Dean’s. Dean reached up and wrapped his arms around Cas’ shoulders. He kneaded the muscle there and groaned as Cas ran his tongue along Dean’s lips. Cas tilted his head and Dean used one hand to explore Cas’ hair while the other one plunged under Cas’ pajama bottoms and pulled Cas closer. The angel moaned and they moved until they were in a more comfortable position, with Cas on top and Dean holding the angel close to him.
“And what would you say?” Castiel slurred over the words. There was a pause, Castiel thought he could hear the man breathing.
“I don’t recall.” Sam stood up and went to the kitchen. He made Cas a quick sandwich which mainly consisted of peanut butter since Dean had slowly depleted the jam supply. Cas thanked the Winchester and began to eat. Cas licked his fingers of the peanut butter and was surprised to find it so sticky. It’s made of peanuts, but no butter Cas had ever seen was this sticky and bitter tasting. He wondered why they felt a need to lie to the masses about the name of a product. He thought that ‘liquid peanuts’ was a better name. Humans. He finished it off and Sam was staring at him with a curious glance. Cas felt better, but his eyes were droopy and felt dry. He rubbed at his eyes, but that didn’t help.
Sam and Dean leaned in as Castiel showed off the fading lines of scratches on his arms. Dean reached out and skimmed his fingers over the back of the pinkish flesh. It was faint, just enough to get the hair on his arms to stand on end, but it made Castiel dart his eyes up to look at Dean who was still looking down at Castiel with a twisted countenance. Dean pulled his hand back quickly as if he realized where his hand was. Castiel covered his arms again with his sleeves and grabbed the flashlight from his shoulder.
. And an arrow indicating somewhere to the right. Dean, feeling the sweat cool on his forehead and the way his shirt was practically clinging to his torso, decided to keep his eyes peeled for this ‘dock’ that the sign had advertised.
A few minutes later Sam walked in the door with cheeseburgers and burritos. He poked his head in first as if to check to see the coast is clear. His eyes looked around the room to see both Dean and Cas at opposite ends. He figured it was safe to come in, “I didn’t know what you guys wanted, so I got a little bit of both.” Sam set the food down on the table, taking his salad, and walked back to his seat to continue research.
Castiel had fallen into an easy rhythm after moving into St. Liza’s. He had the Deacon Neil to help with his daily duties and Bishop Shurley was eager to have him watch sermon. Castiel would be lying if he didn’t find listening to the sermon and the clergy the more enjoyable portion of his day. After a month or so Bishop Shurley had been almost preening to have Castiel hold a few of his own sermons. He would have to get used to it anyways if he were to remain on as the priest here. Bishop Shurley was gone more often than not now as he had to contend with the rest of the parishes in his district. Castiel was still learning the ins and out of the small town, and the even smaller clergy. He noticed that he was only half received by the clergy, the other half wary to approach him and Bishop Shurley proclaiming that the number of confessions had dropped since Father Novak arrived. Castiel didn’t let it show as he spent most of his time doing a combination of cleaning up and studying his numerous volumes. He had decided that he would try and create a warmer atmosphere within the church. He could tell that a lot of the artefacts were worse for wear, even the chained bible in between the columns was nearly unreadable on its stand.
“Whatever she’s like, I’m sure she’d be happy to see her father.” Cas’ heart clenched at that before he focused on the road ahead. Cas folded up the map, putting it back in the glove compartment. He slid his hand across the bench seat, holding it out with his palm up. Dean looked out of the corner of his eye at the display and quickly reached down to grab Castiel’s hand in his own. Castiel squeezed his hand as he did so.
After watching Castiel’s reaction, Dean leant down and circled his tongue around the head several times, leaving it glistening. Castiel reached out to with his arms to grab the raised supports, Dean could hear a cracking noise as Castiel’s hands dug into the wood. Dean felt his heart stutter at the sight before he leant down and slowly slid his tongue and mouth over Castiel’s cock. Dean took a few deep breaths as it neared the back of his throat and used his hand to make up for the distance, his skills rusty in giving fellatio to another man. He watched Cas from his position, and it looked like the angel didn’t mind. Dean took a moment to gain his breath before he began to move his hand and head in tandem while his other hand reached out to gently cup Castiel’s balls in his hand. The angel let out a low groan that sent a shot of electricity straight to his dick. Dean could feel himself already stiffening and he’d only just begun again. He hadn’t even touched himself after his orgasm but watching Castiel was a thrill in itself. He gradually picked up his pace and changed up the way his fingers were toying between Castiel’s legs. The angel had his eyes screwed shut and Dean could hear the same creaking again as Castiel gripped onto the wooden beams. Dean worried for half a second that he might bring down the deck, but he was more consumed with the idea of getting Castiel off.
“You know I’m not good at these chick flick moments,” Cas tilted his head slightly. “You don’t seem alright.” Dean smirked awkwardly. He put his hands on the table. Sam stood up and stretched. He grabbed the car keys and walked to the door.
“Maybe, let’s get you up to speed though.” Dean worked his fingers into the waistband of Castiel’s boxers, shoving them down before grasping Castiel’s dick. Castiel groaned at the connection. He couldn’t help thrusting a few times into Dean’s hand. Castiel moved to lave his tongue on Dean’s collar bone and leave a single mark on his deltoid. Dean hummed, he pushed Castiel closer with his free hand until their cocks brushed together. Castiel bit down on the muscle he had been marking causing Dean to moan. He removed his mouth and soothed over the red mark with his tongue as Dean quickly replaced hands, this one slick with spit. He managed to grip both of their cocks together and Castiel was fast approaching his orgasm. He had a feeling that Dean was as well as he alternated between moaning and biting his lip.
“Carey!” Caleb stirs in Cas’ arms. He rubs his eyes and sees his fathers’ hugging. He crawls out of Cas’ arms and runs to his parents. Dean walks over to Cas and they watch as Carey picks up Caleb and they hug. Carey looks at Cas and Dean.
He locked the door behind him, it was one of those old deadbolts that was a little sticky either from spilt beer or the fact the door was slightly warped, so he had to lean on it to get it to lock all the way. He slinked over to the urinal and stared up at the ceiling as he relieved himself. Something drew his eyes down. There were a very bold set of numbers written on the inside of the urinal. They had equally bold letters scribbled next to them.
“I’m just glad you didn’t bring her here.” Sam said once he looked up from his laptop. Dean looked at Sam for a moment before squinting at him.
“Castiel?” The voice was aged, Castiel previously thought him to be short, but as he entered, he realized the man was just hunched over in age.
He took a deep breath before diving down to look around at the water life he had just jumped into. He noticed there were little schools of fish that darted this way and that as he swam around. He started to feel the burn in his lungs and came back up for air. As he was coming up, he thought he saw a shadow cross over top of him, but he brushed it off as he had his back to the dock. He wiped at his face again before turning around.
Dean carried Cas’ body out of the truck and into the motel. Bobby and Sam followed close behind. Dean sat Cas on the freshly made bed and stared at him. Bobby and Sam looked at each other and walked outside. Dean didn’t even notice that they left. He continued to stare at Cas. He moved to the other bed and sat down on the edge. The tears poured silently from his eyes. He put his head in his hands and sobbed. His heart ached like it never had before. He ran his hands through his hair making it sit up in funny angles. He looked back at Cas and closed his eyes until his head hurt from the pressure. He opened them again and looked at Cas, but he was still dead on the mattress.
“This grave says it’s a 45 year old man buried here, so probably not our ghost.” Castiel was a little taken aback at the nonchalance in which Dean spoke about these specters. He looked around at a few of the other gravesites before he stopped at one, kicking the dirt off the plaque on the ground. He used his fingers to count on one hand before he called over Sam. Castiel shone the light on Dean to help with their search. “This one says Timothy Olives. Says he was 6 years old when he died.” Castiel walked over to look at the plaque. He shone the light on the numbers, counting the years between birth and death.
“Were you going to walk the entire way into the city?” Dean kept his eyes on the road as he spoke. The vehicle slowing down as they approached a red light. The wind from the open windows felt like a blessing on Castiel’s overheated skin.
"Who is he?" Castiel knew the man in question wouldn't be amongst the clergy, but he couldn't help but dart his eyes between all the faces to see if he might recognize the man that the Bishop was describing.
“What happens now?” Castiel let his curiosity pique for the moment. As if outside of the church he would allow himself to play into whatever it was these boys did for their line of business.
“Hey!” Dean wiped water from his face. Cas brushed the water away from him. He wiped his hand on a dry section of couch. “Bitch!” Dean barked.
“Go into the kitchen and grab the salt. Make a circle around you and your son and you will stay safe.” The father took his son with him and ran to the kitchen. He heard bangs of the cupboards and Caleb’s scared crying. He could hear Dean upstairs walking around. Cas went into the kitchen and he saw the father and son sitting in a circle of salt. They stared behind him wide the same terrified expression. Cas turned around and the ghost of an older man glitched in and out of existence. Cas didn’t know what he could do other than charge the ghost. He ran forward and ran the ghost and himself through the wall into the other room. Cas got a hold on him and began to punch the ghost.
“Hello, what can I do for you boys today?” She had a cheery voice, but her eyes were glazed over with an unreadable emotion.  Dean cleared his throat and gave a fake smile.
“You’re the FBI guys that stopped by my house yesterday?” Dean nodded. “Is now a good time to talk?” Dean looked down at his appearance. He cleared his throat and Cas looked over at him. He made a motion with his eyes to get dressed. Cas walked back to the bathroom and shut the door.
“You feeding a small country, Sam?” Sam took off his tie and sighed. Cas couldn’t see around the half wall, so he decided he should attempt to awaken. Sam’s gaze flickered to Cas. Dean looked over at the rising angel. His shirt was unbuttoned to the last button. Dean looked back at Sam with a questioning glance.
Since Cas had explained to him that they had a ‘profound bond’ Dean had noticed that proximity to the angel had left him profoundly perturbed. He had snuck away Sam’s laptop a few times while he was sleeping to scour the internet for something to explain why Cas was having such an effect on him. The things he had found were otherwise useless. Forum sites talking about their experiences with a term Dean hadn’t even heard of before until he had started his searches, but he had been hesitant to dive further once he had discovered the lingo. He couldn’t think about the way the angel made him want to press a heavy book into his lap whenever he miracled his ass into Dean’s personal space when things like Sammy’s soul were on the line.
Dean came out of the bathroom after hanging up the wet clothes on the shower rod. He walked to his bed and slid into his spot. He turned off his light, but Sam kept his on as he read more about Inugami. Dean rolled over away from the light and was soon asleep.
Castiel could still hear Sam and Dean behind him and the crackling of the fire. He could faintly see the light from the fire behind his closed eyes. He crossed himself once he finished his prayer, but he stayed on his knees, unwilling to face the consequences of their actions just yet. Suddenly a hand was on his shoulder and Castiel jerked, turning to face whoever it was who had grabbed him. Dean was looking down at him with an unfamiliar expression.
The bliss would be short lived as Castiel heard a severe high pitched ringing in his ears. He clapped his hands over his ears to try and lessen the sound, but it didn’t abate in the slightest. Dean’s hand was on his shoulder, but if he was talking he couldn’t hear anything. Everything was drowned out by the siren in his mind. His knees hit the ground as he lifted his head, a rush of some foreign feeling flooding his veins and just as the ringing felt like it would rupture his eardrums a voice reached his ears.
By the time they’d divulged the extent of the plan, it was well past ten o’clock and Castiel was starting to feel agitated. Dean sat between his brother and Garth, completely across the table, and the familiarity they shared as grating. He hadn’t imagined spending so much time apart, not even close enough to feel the other man’s heat or touch his solid body.
Two days in, all those plans were thrown out the window when Charlie burst into his room without warning. “You’re never going to believe what I just found out!” She shouted, flopping on the bed dramatically.
Anna shot Gabriel a withering look and got up, offering a slim white shirt and a blue tie. “Here” Castiel sagged, letting her button the shirt up and smooth out the creases. “You look handsome in this one, and the tie will bring out your eyes.”
For a while they just took turns swimming—Dean would show him something and he’d try doing some approximation of the same position. Eventually he was handed the flutter board, using it to keeping afloat as Dean waded over to his side. The other man chuckled, “Okay, the problem is you keeping bending your knee weirdly. You keep doing this,” a hand ran down the length of Castiel’s thigh, gently moving it out.
“Dean.” Castiel looked at him seriously, trying to convey his many apologies without having to speak them allowed. “Where would you like me to begin?”
Inside the kitchen, servers and chefs bustled about preparing the evening meal. Michael stood with his back to the doorway, head bowed over a large pot boiling beside an anxious looking cook.
Dean shifted nervously and Castiel looked up from where he’d been watching the small bud harden under his fingers. “I meant tomorrow. I, uh, don’t exactly have any clothes here.”
“Well,” Sam said, nearly knocking the table over as he ran into the living room to get the files. “Let’s say you somehow ended up falling into it with some bad guys, okay, but you desperately wanted out. What would you do?”
Castiel’s own pace increased with Dean’s, stripping his cock in a frenzy of arousal. When their eyes met again through the mirror he knew this wouldn’t last much longer, the other man was too stimulating—face flushed, hooded lips, slack jaw quivering as he pulled desperate sounds from his own body. They were both teetering on the edge of orgasm; Castiel’s body wrought with pleasure and heat and need.
He leaned in to whisper hotly into Dean’s ear, brushing against his prostate as he spoke, “I want to see the black ones, want to rub my cock against your ass while you wear them.”
It wasn’t his fault. Castiel Novak was the mafia’s darling: hitman extraordinaire, royalty among gangsters and high-class criminals alike. They called him the Stone Angel because he was as cold and unwavering as a marble statue but killed so efficiently that it bordered on mercy. Every crime scene was the same, no matter how many bodies were left behind; always arranged in neat rows, always clean with their open eyes staring lifelessly at the sky.
Dean looked like he might cry, the image sending that weird giddiness from earlier spiking through his body again. “If you’re good and you don’t touch,” He said, running a hand through soft hair brown hair, “I’ll give you something really good when you get home.”
“No you’re not. We were—everything was great and then, and now, you’re somewhere else. Did I do something? Did I make you unhappy somehow?”
He gave Dean’s balls a firm tug before the man managed to gasp out, “Oil! In th-the kitchen, Cas, please!”
“I’m not fussing.” He said, turning to look at himself in the mirror. Anna had been right, of course, the tie almost made his eyes look soft. He wondered idly if this is how he’d look, had he grown up under different circumstances. Would his eyes have been softer, warmer even? Would the deep lines of his forehead still been there, or would they be laugh lines that framed his eyes?
Castiel flushed, looking back at where Dean’s shirt hung from his shoulders in tatters. He laughed then, rubbing the back of his neck. “I suppose you’re right,” and then after a pause adding, “thank you, Balthazar.”
Castiel squinted. It was too dark inside to make out the speaker but he was almost positive that timber belonged to Michael’s voice. He couldn’t remember the last time the man had answered a door himself.
Panties. Inside were five pairs of expensive women’s underwear—pink satin, white lace, a pale blue with a lace trim, black satin, and a pink silk pair with delicate looking bows around the thighs. Dean’s mouth went dry, palms sweating, head a dizzy mess. In his shock it took him a few minutes to notice that his cock had started to stir, hardening slightly in his pants. No one asked you, he snapped, appalled and confused by his own reaction to contents of the package.
Suddenly, as if answering some silent prayer, a loud thundering crack tore through the sky and startled both of them into looking up. Somehow, they’d failed to notice how dark everything had gotten, angry looking clouds completely blotting out the sun. Without any more warning, rain started pouring down in huge heavy sheets.
Castiel’s face fell and he titled his head, trying to make sense of what Dean had just said. “That would be impossible. You didn’t know our plans until this minute.”
“You know, you’re here almost every day but I’ve never actually seen you swim.” If Castiel didn’t know better, he’d think Dean sounded a little disappointed. The thought made him flush and turn away.
Back in the car Castiel started driving toward Gabriel’s, which had become something like their headquarters over the past few months. Most of them even slept there now, in the large basement that resembled a sort of barracks for soldiers. It was intolerable and he had refused to spend more than a night there up until the arrest. Now it was starting to feel almost more like home than his house. “I need you to brief Anna. We need her to lure him out, somewhere secluded.”
“Yeah,” he bit his lip nervously. Dean’s thumb came down and brushed over the abused skin, pulling it from between his teeth.
Dean listened to Lionel Richie croon through the thin walls of his carrel for a long moment, then huffed a laugh in spite of himself.
Instantly, he broke the kiss and pushed his lover away. “Stop,” he breathed. He wanted to keep this pure, didn’t want this moment to be sullied by his own greedy pleasure, his need to dominate and control and conquer Dean.
Above him, Dean whimpered, hips stuttering reflexively, seeking friction. “You don’t have to,” he whispered, looking ashamed at Castiel who simply chuckled.
His hands wouldn’t settle, waking the other man up with wandering fingers that roamed over the softness of his belly before trailing up his torso to play with his nipples. Castiel was obsessed with the way a few light pinches could have Dean panting, eyes shooting open as he squirmed and pressed their bodies closer together. His erection an insistent pressure against the detective’s back.
Somewhere in the distance there were a series of small, quiet sounds that seemed at once irritating and oddly comforting. It was as though someone were moving around the house, trying their best to ghost across the floors with the hope not to wake any other inhabitants. Only there were no other inhabitants, he lived alone. Castiel blinked open his eyes and stared up at a vaguely familiar ceiling.
Then Cas slid a finger inside of him. He’d always imagined this would be painful, uncomfortable, make him feel somehow weaker or lesser. But that’s not what he felt right now—he felt good, felt right. The slide of Castiel’s long finger set his body on fire, like he was stroking every nerve in his body all at once. His head was swimming with pleasure, every drag and push making him more desperate and needy.
It was the slight tremble of Michael’s hands, where they were pressed into his skin that brought the world back into focus. The man looked rough—rumpled clothing, shirt untucked, hair disheveled. He reeked of sweat and scotch, eyes bloodshot.
Every single day of the next two weeks went by exactly the same. They’d read for an hour or two before Dean wandered over, smiling and talking and showing off those perfect thighs. He’d ask questions about Castiel’s favorite books, music, what classes he liked. Even though he never managed more than stilted sentences with oddly formal phrasing, Dean didn’t seem to mind. Sometimes they’d just sit next to each other quietly, Dean watching the pool while Castiel struggled to look like he was actually reading.
“Want you over my mouth,” he said, pulling Dean’s body until he was squatting over Castiel’s face, hands fisting the arm of the couch. “Better,” he groaned, trailing the tip of his tongue along Dean’s entrance. The man jerked forward, moaning lewdly from such a light tough. “Good boy,” he mumbled before flattening his tongue and licking a long line from rim to perineum.
“Look at me, Dean.” He obeyed and Cas laughed in disbelief, lips quirking up into a smile that was almost affectionate. “Fuck, you’re gorgeous. Did you know that? Did you know how badly I’ve wanted to fuck that mouth of yours?”
doing?” Dean shot back, incredulously. “What do you mean what am I doing? You’re blasting this shit song for the whole fucking library!”
“Good morning.” Castiel said calmly and then turned to Dean. “Why don’t you get us some coffee?” He offered a slight smile and the man beamed back at him, practically bouncing toward the pot of coffee and rushing back with two mugs.
“Stand up and face me if you want to finish.” Dean pulled himself up on shaking legs, tears brimming in his eyes. “Touch yourself, baby. Come for me. I want to see you, gorgeous.”
He wasn’t going to go there. With the new change in attitude he’d vowed never to think about that man as anything other than a criminal. He refused to refer to him as anything other than Novak or, occasionally, The Angel. Now, every time he’d get that ache, that feeling like he was too empty to bear, like he needed another body to press its way inside him, he’d fight the urge. It was an addiction and Dean Winchester was no addict, not a slave to anything other than himself and certainly not to that, to that man.
Slowly and in a sleepy fog, visions of the night before came trickling to the forefront of his mind. Dean, he sighed, falling back into the cozy bed with the overly fluffy pillows. This was Dean’s apartment with its practical furniture and almost decadently soft upholstery. He bit back a smile, burying his face into sheets that smelled like clean and sleep and Dean.
“I don’t think you want that, Dean. I think you want to keep being my good,” he thrust sharply, “perfect,” another thrust, “baby.” He set up a punishing rhythm, fucking hard into to Dean’s body nailing his prostate every time he pushed back in. His hand picked up speed, now pumping in time with his cock.
On the day they’d arranged to meet he spent half an hour trying to decide what to wear. Dean was on his way to round up his friends so, fortunately, he wasn’t there to witness Castiel’s embarrassing display. Unfortunately, Gabriel and Anna were most certainly home and resting comfortably on the bed.
“I don’t think so, at least, I don’t think that’s the whole reason. I mean, why would even go to the trouble of obliterating those guys? That’s not his M.O., Dean, you used to say he was graceful.”
“Got it, commander.” He winked and Castiel rolled his eyes as he pulled up in front of the house. “Coming in?”
“Tell you what, Detective.” Cas’s voice dropped low, barely above a whisper. “You scratch my back,” he purred, “I’ll scratch yours.”
There was just enough light in the room to make out how hungry Cas looked, like he was going to devour Dean. That thought sent another confusing mix of fear and heat coiling through his body, and with the way Cas was grinding his erection against him, he didn’t stand a chance. Against his better judgment, Dean could feel himself getting harder and harder. He closed his eyes and let out a muffled groan.
Castiel swallowed. “Okay,” he breathed, leaning a little bit closer. “You can do that,” he breathed.
Work was boring. After everything that happened last night, he’d half expected something big to go down. A bank robbery or art theft or violent crime, but there was nothing not even a petty theft to entertain them. It was almost eerily calm. Something about quiet made him nervous, like it was the calm before some horrible shit storm of bad. He tried desperately to keep himself from wondering what Castiel and his friend had done last night.
Eventually he started poking around Dean’s things, reading from the man’s collection of novels, regarding photographs of two small boys and a stern looking man, and leafing through a small box filled with terrible drawings from SW to DW. The artwork was almost painful to look at, it was like something a child draws for a parent and the thought nearly broke his heart as he remember that Dean raised Sam.
“You guys would never be able to get enough evidence to convict them all and besides, Dean, you of all people should know that prison isn’t going to stop them if they still have power on the outside.”
“God, you really are perfect, so responsive. You don’t know what you’re doing to me do you? Fuck, baby, look at you.”
This wasn’t the time for such thoughts, especially not when two other strangers were blinking uneasily at him from the table. Dean gave him a lopsided smile and excused himself from the table to stand beside him.
The sun painted pales lines across the bed, filling the room with its weak warmth. Castiel woke slowly, burrowing further into the solid body that held him safe and steady. It felt remarkably good to be tangled up in another’s arms, to feel the reassuring rise-fall, rise-fall of a man’s chest beneath him. He let out a soft breath and smiled as Dean sleepily pulled their bodies closer together.
“Yeah, well,” Gabriel waved dismissively, “It’s not like we knew you’d drop your panties the second you saw Cassie’s baby blues.”
He pressed his fingers against his eyes until he saw stars, gritting his teach together. “Goodnight Anna.”
Stunned by the sheer insanity of their interaction, Dean returned to his carrel and slumped back down on the chair. It was silent for a moment and he thought maybe he’d gotten through to the guy after all, but as he picked Crying Lot up again when he heard it. Castiel had switched the song:
Michael beamed at him, clasping him on the back on more time as they headed back toward the main entrance. “I’m very glad we had this time to talk, Castiel. Please, don’t be a stranger. You know how much I enjoy our conversations.”
For a while he considered not opening the package at all. He got up, showered, made himself some instant coffee, refusing to use the good quality stuff now buried at the back of the pantry, and left for work. He managed until Wednesday before curiosity got the better of him and he just had to rip the damn thing open.
Hesitantly, he set the bag on the table. Sam, he thought, thinking that Sam had probably switched the coffee the last time he was over. Dean huffed a laugh at how ridiculous he was being over a freaking bag of ground coffee beans, and reached for the note. He very carefully unfolded the paper, frowning when he saw what was written on it. Scrawled immaculately in blue pen was, xoxo, and nothing more.
“So good.” Cas panted between kisses. “You’re so beautiful, Dean.” He peppered kisses all along his jawline muttering, “Drive me crazy,” as he continued down Dean’s neck, grazing his collarbone with his teeth. “Thought about you all the time.” His tongue licked out and traced each one of his nipples before moving down his stomach. “Wish you could see yourself, see how perfect you are like this.” Cas bit the inside of Dean’s thigh and then suddenly stopped, mischievous smile curling at the corner of his lips.
The other man looked so excited by whatever was about to happen. Tiny tremors of nerves or maybe adrenaline wracked his body and Castiel delighted in the involuntary little movements, knowing that they were for him. They were his, like Dean was.
It was all too much—Dean’s words, the way his body shook as he sunk down on Castiel’s cock again and again, shifting so the head of it caught on his prostate every time he lift his body up. Underneath his fingers, where they pressed bruises into Dean’s back, Castiel could feel the powerful shift of his muscles and felt strangely safe, protected. He waited for the uncomfortable feeling of such a shift in position, but it never came. He felt good being taken care of by Dean, letting himself be vulnerable with him.
There was a long silence, he wasn’t entirely sure why he felt so reluctant to talk about this—it had never bothered him before. “Not this,” he said hesitantly, motioning to the way they were cuddling. “But, yes, I do have other sexual relationships.”
“I think you still want me to touch you,” as he spoke, one of his hands slipped further down to palm Dean’s erection through the fabric of his pants. “And, I think,” Cas yanked Dean just a little closer, forcing his face to press so far into the bars that Cas could have kissed him if he’d wanted to, “you still want to touch me, too.”
“The music helps me translate,” he gestured with an angry flick of the wrist to a document that looked like it was in Latin on his computer. “If you have a problem with me listening to music in my
Victor hummed, coming to stand beside Dean. “We found them in a car parked just outside the warehouse.”
“What?” Dean’s voice was rough, cock hard and straining again, the new stimulation mixing with his earlier arousal making it almost painful to be so far form Cas’ mouth.
“Oh, it makes me tingly when you’re all business like this.” She said, rolling her hips and sliding a hand down to cup his groin.
“I,” Cas began but stopped. Dean’s heart was in his throat as he strained to pick up any sounds that might betray the other man’s thoughts, give an indication of whether the next few words would be a lie or not. “I may have some business before then. I’m sorry.”
School dragged on slower and slower as the days went on. Summer was just around the corner and by the time exams were actually done, he needed the promise of a relaxing few months doing nothing at all to come true.
Each smooth stroke ran from the root of his dick to the tip, twisting slightly over the sensitive head every time. Dean bucked his hips up, moaning and panting, begging Castiel to increase the speed. But he didn’t, just smiled and continued the maddening pace, watching Dean fall apart underneath him.
“D-d-did,” Dean swallowed, visibly trying to regain his faculties of speech, “do something wrong?” he finally managed to get out.
“Since you brought it up,” he paused for a minute to collect himself, “mind telling me what that was all about?”
Castiel made a frustrated noise, fixing his eyes on the road in front of them. The tense silence returned, the air charged with accusations. After a few minutes, he managed to whisper, “I want him to know me.” Speaking the words out loud made him feel small and vulnerable, the truth of them overwhelming.
Enough time went by that he wondered if Dean had fallen asleep. He considered not saying anything but something about the way this conversation had ended sat wrong with him. Suddenly, he felt nervous. “I could,” he began, not entirely sure what he was offering. There was a long pause before he finally continued speaking, slowly, softly, “I could stop. Seeing them, that is. If you want.”
“Well, well, well.” Gabriel smirked, staring at Castiel while he stirred his coffee. “With the noises your pet was making, I wasn’t expecting him to be able to walk for at least an hour.”
Cas came quickly, grunting as he filled Dean up, pumping a near endless stream of come into his ass. When he was done he pulled out and Dean almost cried.
“Definitely awesome.” Dean looked like he was about to say more but a loud sound at the other end of the pool caught his attention. “Hey man, sorry to cut this short but, uh,” he gestured at his uniform, “you know, danger never sleeps.”
“What’s to stop Michael from brushing this off as random violence? Not that I’d be surprised if Lucifer had a vendetta against you, but I don’t really understand how—”
“You’ll have to work harder than that if you want any more of my come.” Dean felt his cheeks prickle with embarrassment, but he pushed it aside and focused on the task at hand. This whole thing was starting to feel more like a dream than reality, and that made him bolder. He gripped the base of Cas’s cock with his hand and lowered his mouth over the thick head.
He flopped back onto his bed, quietly tracing the patterns in the ceiling while he tried to calm his body down enough to sleep. The apartment was completely silent expect for the sound of the clock ticking and, wait. Dean sat up again, eyes slowly scanning the room. Something wasn’t right, there was a sound like, like, he tried to pinpoint it. It was almost like someone was swallowing, or licking their lips.
“Oh, and what do I have to lose?” His smile was lascivious now, eyes dark and challenging. They stared at each other like that for a moment, then his expression dropped back to something neutral, almost bored, and he shrugged. “But you’re right, I won’t tell them anything. Unfortunately, I also have no intention of giving anything up to you. No names, no locations.”
He watched the man shake as he poured himself a drink, downing it and pouring another. “Drink?” Castiel nodded and Michael obliged before slumping unceremoniously into his office chair. “Anna and Gabriel,” he said, stone faced. “They’ve been—they’re dead.”
Then he started moving, picking up a punishing pace that had them both gasping. Every thrust rammed against his prostate, moving the panties across his throbbing dick. His knees stung from the carpet as he was pounded so hard it pushed him closer and closer to the mirror. Cas leaned forward to growl, “Mine,” biting into his neck so hard it very nearly drew blood.
“I know you’re loose and sloppy, baby.” A hand pulled sharply at Dean’s hair, forcing his head up. Cas licked a stripe up to his ear. “I just like you desperate.” He punctuated the thought by pushing in a third finger and rubbing against his prostate. The whine that came out of Dean was pained, almost more of a wail than anything.
“Okay.” Dean ceded, looking at Castiel with such an earnest eagerness that his body felt like it had been set on fire—every inch of him itching to wrap that beautiful man up in his arms, to pepper kisses across that willing face, whisper exaltations into every inch of freckled skin. It was impossible how lucky he was to have found such treasure, Dean was willing to give him so much, give him everything.
“Go stand in the corner. Face to the wall, hands behind your head.” Dean flushed, color creeping down his whole body as he made his way over to the corner and turned.
“Come on, let’s get you to bed.” Dean nodded as Cas reached around him, hooking one arm behind his back and the other under his knees before lifting him into his arms. He knew this should be embarrassing but he was too lightheaded and blissed out to really care. It felt nice, being bridled carried, pressed up against Cas’ chest and neck.
“Well they were, Cas!” He snapped, not quite sure what he was saying. “They were extremely hurt by your actions! Everyone was! You just fucking left Cas! You said you weren’t going to but you did, anyway. You hurt people, you hurt me.” The tears were threatening to stream down his cheeks now but he refused to look away, to back down.
“Look, Cas.” He scrubbed a head over his face in frustration. “I’m not going to steal back your gun just because you have some weird sentimental attachment to it. Get a new one, move on man.”
Fat chance of getting any work done now. Pynchon was great and all but couldn’t compete with Cher. Which meant he’d never finish this paper, so he’d fail the class and flunk out of grad school all because some colossal bag of dicks was allergic to headphones. Awesome.
"Please, Cas. Need it harder." Dean whimpered, fingers clawing at Castiel's thighs trying to push him back inside, to force him deeper.
“Second, I don’t care how uncomfortable this makes you, we gotta tell Sammy. And I wanna know what cop’s workin’ for you.”
He laughed awkwardly, one last valiant effort to ease some of the concern off his brother’s face. “I’m fine, seriously.”
“Good boy.” He could hear Cas spit, then the slick sound of his hand moving up and down his shaft. Dean was so hard he felt lightheaded, but he resisted the urge to touch himself, straining to hear Cas instead.
“Michael and Lucifer plotted against him, however, and eventually succeeded in overcoming him. They split the empire in two and each took over a section. Though, they never fully trusted one another—”
“Uriel. It has been far too long.”  He said, stepping through the door quickly in hopes of bypassing the unpleasant interaction.
“It wasn’t like that, Dean.” Cas’ voice was rougher than usual, face etched with concern as he stood up and tried to close the gap between them. Dean was breathing heavily, the anger coursing through his body making him feel like he’d been running. Castiel reached a hand out to cup his face and he batted the man away. “I never believed anything would happen between us.” Cas said quietly, looking at the ground.
“Hell yes it is!” He shouted, the anger mounting steadily. “If I’m going to steal you a gun I wanna freakin’ know why I’m doing it!”
“Lay low for tonight,” she sniffed, “Inias is going in now, to see if he’s alive. Bu-but otherwise I think we should all just try to get some sleep. Figure things out tomorrow.”
“It’s okay,” Victor said, taking the woman’s hand. “You were both really brave today. You’re alive and that’s what counts.” The woman sniffed sadly, eyes trailing to where Dean was coming up from the side, the other detective following her gaze a second later. “Hey Dean.” He waved half-heartedly.
“Why don’t you sit,” he gestured to the table and Dean took an uneasy seat. “You too.” He commanded the others, not taking his eyes from Dean.
It felt so good to be inside him and it was obvious that Dean felt the same way, given how debauched he looked, how strung out, his tight little hole clenching erratically around his cock, hungry and desperate for more. Castiel shifted his hips so the blunt head of his cock rubbed maddeningly against Dean's prostate, pushing him so close to the edge that he was babbling nonsense, eyes practically rolled back into his head.
She chuckled. “You need to relax, angel. Maybe after dinner we can move some furniture around—see if I can’t help ease all that tension.”
Now, however, he had to steel himself as they rounded the corner and his Lincoln came into view. Balthazar had the window rolled down and even from this distance Castiel could see him smirking around a cigarette.
“What?” Dean could barely process what was happening. He stared open-mouthed at Castiel who stared unwaveringly back.
Dean felt like he was going to be sick, the whole room seemed to spin around him and he gripped the edge of the table to keep from falling. Cas was at large again, and if Dean knew him at all, he’d be out for blood. Dean’s blood to be exact, and likely anyone that had aided in his arrest too. He swallowed, “I’ll be right in—”
The girl smiled slightly, flicking her eyes to the ground. “Dean this is Anna and her brother Gabriel, guys this is one of our best detectives. I swear, if he’s on the case it’ll be solved in no time.”
Castiel nodded, he’d assumed this would be the first question, considering how hurt Dean had been the last time the subject was broached. He took a steadying breath, suddenly weary of exposing their plans. “I said before that it was to cause unrest. This is true. The gun belongs to Michael, a treasured family heirloom. I stole it and had myself arrested the very same day to give myself an alibi.”
Castiel sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose in exasperation. The longer the bickered like this, the more vulnerable they become. Back at the station, the officers would likely be waking up now and out for blood.
Everything looked, surprisingly, the same as it always did. Dean apartment was still just that—his apartment. Castiel wasn’t entirely sure what he’d expected but it felt like too much had happened for the table to still be in the center of the kitchen, the couch demarcating the living from dining areas. It was the same simple, comfortable, home it had always been—long before Castiel had entered it and probably, he thought sadly, would remain after Dean closed this chapter of his life.
From the kitchen, he could here whistling and the sound of something frying. He wanted to cry, to run away but at the same time he wanted Cas to hold him and tell him everything would be alright. He closed his eyes and tried to will himself back through time.
“Hello Dean.” He turned, fingers nervously toying with the towel as his eyes landed on bright, eager looking green ones.
“In that case,” he said, collapsing into the chair across from Michael, “may I enquire as to your intentions? How you wish to proceed?”
“Hadn’t what?” He asked, fingers reaching out to play with the hair curling up behind Castiel’s ear.
He was about to say more, to protest or demand some kind of details but the man cut him off again, “This business is time sensitive, Dean. Move quickly.”
When the meal was done Dean got up and headed toward the bathroom, casting a nervous look back at Cas. “Don’t sneak off while I’m in the shower.” He all but whispered.
He hummed appreciation as he swallowed, eyes turning to stare directly into the worried green ones in front of him. "The beans are stale.” He said matter-of-factly, setting the mug back down on the counter. “But I appreciate the effort. You may have one kiss."
Written in the same blue pen and elegant handwriting as the first ones were the words, Wear them to work for me, like a good little boy. xoxo, C.
“Kiss me, tell me I’m good.” The words came out barely louder than a whisper, eyes looking down in shame. There was only a split second before Cas bent down to captured his lips in a fierce kiss, one that made Dean moan and gasp and press his body into the firm line of muscle above him.
The phone call cut out before any more time could be wasted—Cas certainly had a way of getting the point across. “Son of a bitch,” he muttered, mind running through a million possible scenarios for what the other man could have done. Why the whole department? he thought, rubbing clammy hands against his pants. Whatever this was, it wasn’t anything good.
“I’m a failure, Dean.” He whispered brokenly and the truth of the words stung even more now that they were out loud.
Cas was stretched out on the cot at the back of cell. His eyes were closed, hands clasped behind his head, and from this position Dean could see just how toned The Angel was. The way his shirt was pulled tight around his biceps, how it had ridden up to show off the jut of his hipbones, how his pants hugged those thick thighs. Dean tried not to sigh.
“I don’t save them,” Cas mumbled, anger deflating. He fiddled with the sheets, eyes tracing the pattern as he pointedly avoided looking at her. “I’m just curious about his athletic career, that’s all.”
Anyway, there’d been no sign of the criminal at all since the escape. Somehow he’d managed to navigate around the roadblocks and searches and actually got the hell out of Lawrence. They figured he was probably so far out of the county by now that they’d never catch him. And maybe it was better that way, let some other poor bastards waste their lives chasing the son of a bitch.
“I don’t know, to, uh, to be with you. Isn’t that what you’re supposed to do when your boyfriend takes you to meet his family?” He could feel the moment Dean realized what he’d said—his whole body tensed, clearly frightened that he’d ruined their moment perhaps, even, that he’d angered Castiel.
“I’m going to go bring Cas—uh, the prisoner, some food. See if I can get anything out of him now. You okay to man the front?”
“Is this what you want, Detective? You want me to touch you?” Dean made an undignified noise as he started rubbing himself against the side of Cas’s bent leg, humping him like a fucking dog.
Rather than letting him come, Castiel pulled off his dick again, fingers still working him. “So beautiful, Dean. You’ve held on so long. Fuck, I bet you’re going to taste as good as you look.”
“No!” Sam sputtered, clearly surprised by his brother’s reaction. “Well, I don’t know.” He paused, eyebrows knitting together in concern. “Everyone’s kind of worried that maybe you, you drank too much and—” He stopped, looking sternly at Dean who seemed to have deflated a bit under his words. “Dean.” He said softly, comfortingly. “What’s going on? What happened?”
“Can you give us, um,” he looked back at Cas, “five more minutes alone? I think I’m, uh, pretty close to something here.”
It took Castiel a while to process the joke, flushing when he noticed that he’d been staring. “Oh, of course.”
It felt so good, almost too good, and he pictured the way it would feel if Cas were standing behind him—erection pressing against his ass and those nimble fingers worked him ruthlessly. Dean leaned against the wall of the shower, trying to steady himself as that feeling in his gut started building and building. If Cas were here he’d be rubbing his hard cock against Dean’s body, panting hotly into his ear, maybe biting down on his neck. He moaned, imagination calling up images of Castiel coming hot coming between right as his fingers twisted and—
“He was shot, he, we had to rush him out of the hospital but some doctors saw us outside and we had to run. They took him to emergency, the whole place is under pretty tight watch now.” She made a broken noise. “We don’t even know if he’s still alive, Cas, we can’t get in to see him.”
Dean flushed, the sight sweet enough to distract him from the task at hand, he couldn’t help but feel warm all over at the sight of those red cheeks. “We sorta, I mean he, he kinda figured it out. He’s the one who convinced me to trust you after, um, after we fought.”
“Michael considers us very dear to him, yes. Lucifer never cared much, anyway. But Gabriel and Anna are also very dear to me and so if they were to die, especially while I was fulfilling a contractual obligation to kill Robert Singer, Michael absolutely wouldn’t suspect me.”
Nobody spoke until they pulled into Gabriel’s driveway. “I know what I’m doing,” he said as sternly as he could manage.
Castiel chuckled, the sound fucking filthy. “You’ve never what, Detective? Don’t tell me that gorgeous mouth has never been fucked?” He made a clucking sound with his tongue, head shaking dolefully. “What a shame that is. I suppose there’s no time like the present; what’s say we remedy the situation?”
It had been two months since, well, since Novak escaped from custody and things finally felt like normal again. Today marked two weeks since Dean had returned to service and everything was just normal enough to convince himself that it’d all been some kind of weird dream.
“Cool,” Dean mumbled, brushing his lips against Castiel’s so chastely it could barely count as a kiss. Castiel’s eyes fluttered closed and he pressed their lips together more firmly, opening his mouth to deepen the kiss. It was hot and wet and messy and everything he’d imagined it would be.
Too soon it was five o’clock and people were shuffling out of the water, making their way hurriedly toward the parking lot. Charlie started trying to gather up their things and without thinking he grabbed her wrist. “Don’t go,” he begged quietly.
They both lay on the cool floor for a few minutes after that, Cas absently tracing patterns across his chest as they both tried to will their bodies to stay awake. This was definitely not the place to fall asleep together, more or less naked. It was cold in the room now that the heat from their bodies was leaving them and the sweat had cooled across their skin.
“Hey, I was just about to come find you.” He smiled at Dean who gave a weak nod in response. “You look like shit. How long you been here?”
The thought of Cas watching him when he was alone in his apartment sent a shiver of something closer to pleasure than fear down his spine. He looked up at the clock—it was already past midnight, Vic would be there in an hour or two so it was kind of now or never. Dean swallowed and slowly pushed himself out of his chair.
“Of course you are, come, sit and let us talk. Drink?” He accepted, noting with pleasure that Uriel was not offered anything.
“It’s just, no one calls Bobby Robert.” Sam added, rubbing the back of his neck. “That would be like calling Dean, Mr. Winchester. It’s just too formal—”
They lapsed into silence for the rest of the drive through town. Multiple times he started to speak—to thank him or apologize he wasn’t sure—but every time his mouth opened, the words would just die on his tongue. Nothing was big enough, everything fell short, so they both just focused on the road ahead and the possible nightmare waiting for them to discover.
“Don’t be such a baby!” She grabbed his arm, essentially dragging them both onto the pool deck. “Look, he’s not even sitting in the big chair thing. Maybe he’s not even here.” Castiel squinted and, sure enough, no one was sitting on the lifeguard tower which meant no Dean anywhere in sight. All the tension dissolved out of his body, leaving him feeling strangely boneless. It was like all the pressure just instantly vanished and he felt almost elated at the freedom.
All the curtains were drawn shut, every ounce of light suffocated by the thick fabric. As they moved through the house, the ominous silence seemed to become louder, more present. The further they went, the clearer it became that they were completely and truly alone. There wasn’t another soul to be found anywhere, and the weight of their absence filled him with a peculiar sense of dread.
“Shit, sorry Father, I thought you would have been up by now.” Whatever sleep was dragging at Castiel’s eyes was banished when he realized who was on the other line. Castiel cleared his throat as he remembered that he needed to finish the call.
“Good, that would be a hard one to explain to Sam.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, clearing his throat. “Oh fuck, what am I going to tell Sam?” He muttered as if more to himself than Cas.
The sound of a closing door woke both Dean and Cas up. Dean sat up looking around with his eyes still closed. His hair was a mess, and his muscles were sore from sleeping in one spot for too long. Cas fluttered his eyes and groaned at the harsh morning light. His shirt collar was popped and covered from his nose down and his sleep ridden eyes tried to take in his surroundings. Dean scrambled out of bed and a serious of pops sounded off as he stretched. Cas saw Sam walking around the motel room in a suit, carrying a bag of food. Dean took a couple sniffs of the air and walked blindly to the kitchen where Sam put the bag of food down. Dean barely had his eyes open when he reached in the bag and pulled out a breakfast sandwich. He took a bite, sitting down in the chair before he opened his eyes.
“Isn’t this one of those banish on sight kind of things?” Dean still had his hands gripped around Castiel’s belt with his thumbs worming their way underneath the edge of the angel’s pants despite the words currently coming out of his mouth.
“I saw on the news that an old impala was in a wreck, but the passengers were not to be found.” He grumbled. “I figured it was you boys.” Sam shook his head.
“Thank you, Your Excellency, I’ll surely try.” Castiel turned back to see the Bishop making his way out into the hallway they had entered into. Castiel grabbed his briefcase and made his way to the other door on the opposite end of the kitchen.
“No.” He tried to sound as confident as possible, though really he was probably more anxious than anyone. “I think he wants a job done, that’s all.”
Castiel complied, awkwardly flailing his legs around the pool and feeling like a completely idiot. A small part of him wondered if this was all some horrible prank and all of Dean’s old swim team buddies were going to come out of the bushes to mock him. When he finally resurfaced, though, they were still alone the other man was smiling warmly a few inches away. There was almost no distance between them now, “Your arms look fine,” he flushed at the almost praise, “I think we should focus on your legs.”
Dean shivered, eyes falling to the curve of Castiel’s lips. He wanted to kiss him so bad, to push his tongue into that perfect mouth. “Am I warm?” Cas whispered, leaning forward to gently nip at Dean’s lower lip and eliciting some undignified sound from Dean in the process.
It was a shameful request but after their confessions the night before, Castiel didn’t want to hold back. In all likelihood today he would die, finally pay for his sins—and if these were to be his final minutes with Dean, then he was going to take and give everything he could.
“I really hope you do.” Balthazar said, shaking his head slightly and casting a glance to the man in the back. “If you want the others to take him seriously, though, may I suggest you find him a shirt to wear?”
It struck him that maybe this whole thing had been a mistake and that these were meant for some beautiful woman living in the building. All of the gifts made so much more sense—the coffee, the scotch, the lingerie, it was all for some tasteful lady. He almost wanted to laugh. All this time he’d been so confused, so concerned. Feeling relieved, he bent down to pick up the note that had fallen, hoping for some clue as to who the packages really belong to.
Dean woke up ten minutes later, feeling better than he had in years. He could hear that Cas was still there, making noises in his kitchen. He also heard the sound of Cas speaking and he strained to catch the words. It sounded like he was on the phone.
Gabriel, ignoring him completely, cut off any possible response. “Yeah, well, how’s he gonna react when he finds out about his boss?”
“First,” he said, pulling his fingers out briefly to flip Dean onto his back, settling between his spread thighs before resuming finger-fucking him, “I’d rub our cocks together, through the fabric.” He pressed their erections together to demonstrate. “Then, I’d suck you off—”
“Do you want me to stop?” He asked, pulling out and sliding back inside, the head of his dick pressing against Dean’s prostate as he did so. One of the man’s hands held his hips but the other was circling around his waist to wrap around his cock. Dean couldn’t form words, this was the first time Cas had touched him like this and it was more amazing than he’d imagined.
He chided himself. These weren’t the thoughts that Castiel The Solider would have, was supposed to have.
“Yeah, yeah. Laugh it up, Chuckles.” He couldn’t help smiling either. Maybe today wasn’t ruined. After breakfast he called Bobby, sputtered out a few apologies and assurances, listened to the man sputter a few insults in response, and then promised to be in by lunch. By the time Dean had settled himself in for bed that night, he’d completely forgotten about the mysterious coffee bag.
He grunted, striking Dean's prostate mercilessly. The sounds Dean made quickly escalated until he was practically shouting, thrusting up greedily and begging, chanting "Cas, yes, please Cas, take me, Cas, Cas, Cas!"
Dean practically skipped the few feet to the sink, making as quick work of his teeth as possible. The man’s eagerness was almost adorable, exciting something in Castiel so that when the door started to close, he shook his head. “Door stays open, baby.”
It was around three in the morning when a loud crash sent both of them jolting up right. Dean’s hand was around his gun in a second, Castiel reaching for the lamp by beside the bed, heart hammering in his throat. His mind was racing with possibilities as the light flicked on, thinking that maybe Michael did know, maybe he followed me here and now Dean’s not safe—
“Lucifer won’t stop until I’m dead,” Michael’s face darkened. “He’s poisoned my most trusted, Castiel.”
Dean knew he was right but he couldn’t move. He found himself wishing that Cas wasn’t cuffed so he could wrap his strong arms around him, hold him tightly to his chest. “You’ve got to get off, Dean.” His voice was soft but firm and Dean found his body once again moving on its own accord, reluctantly dismounting.
When he reached a hand down to touch his own cock, Castiel kicked it away. “No.” He breathed harshly, barely able to think he was so close to finishing. His orgasm felt like it was being ripped from his body, sucked out by perfect lips and a wicked tongue. Dean had gotten so much better since the last time and it made him wonder whether he’d found someone else to practice on. The thought made that same terrifyingly possessive feeling wash over him as it had when he was fucking Dean last night.
Instead—being the messed up coward that he was—he just stood their watching the car pull out, an honest cop taking two criminals home. This wasn’t right, this wasn’t what was supposed to happen. Everything was so far from okay that he couldn’t even think of a way to dig himself out of the morally bankrupt shithole he’d jumped right into. Dean sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face then trudging back to work a case he already knew who the murderer was.
“Bobby called.” Shit, Dean thought, realizing how late he was for work. “Said you never showed up. They tried calling you but you didn’t answer.”
“Yes, I’m afraid something has come up. I’ll be visiting my brother,” he stressed, trying to make his meaning clear, “and you know how these family matters go.”
“No,” Castiel cut him off in that same tone of finality. “Tell your superior, bring the department.”
“If you don’t like my plan, then maybe you can offer some suggestions? How’re you gonna fake death certificates, huh?” Dean fumed. “I’m tired of listening to you dicks whine about secrecy. What’s the point in keeping it secret if you can’t actually do anything to enact your freakin’ plans!”
“What the,” he murmured as he banged on the door again, this time a little louder. Jesus, maybe the guy was hard of hearing or something. Dean banged even louder and this time he heard “Take a hint,” spoken by a deep rough voice on the other side of the door.
“I only meant it as the most sincere complement, darling, I assure you.” Balthazar waved his hand dismissively and Gabriel snorted.
When they finally got back to the station it was pushing eight and all Dean wanted to do was keep working. Going home would probably mean facing the fact that in no small part, this whole mess was his fault. It made him want to laugh that Benny imagined him as some kind of righteous man, skirting around the law to get the job done. Really, he was just an insecure man with a crush on a killer. There was no justifiable reason for his actions; he wasn’t some kind of hero. He was just horny and lonely and seriously messed up.
Castiel’s heart sank, knees going weak right as he jumped. His foot slipped, barely giving him enough time to gasp before his head slammed against the edge of the board. For a split second, he was too dizzy to realize what was happening but it was already too late. He crashed into the water, swallowing a full breath of water in surprise. The next thing he knew, strong arms were wrapping around him, dragging him back to the surface.
He relaxed his throat again, this time prepared for the sensation of Cas pressed into the tight space. It was only a few more minutes before Cas was screaming a chorus of “Fuck, god, yes, Dean, oh, fuck!” and coming right down Dean’s throat. He swallowed as much as he could, making sure to lick off everything that had dribbled out of his loose lips.
“Good boy,” Castiel smiled and lowered his mouth to pepper kisses up the length of Dean’s hard cock, catching drops of bitter precome on his lips as he went.
“Yeah, well. If I go home who’s gonna man the station?” He tried to force a smile, pointing over his shoulder at the kid clattering away on a typewriter. “Someone has to take care of the rookie.”
There was a sigh and then Cas was turning around, cold tired eyes meeting his. “You know I can’t stay. I’m on the run. I don’t have a choice.”
Before he even had the chance to register what had happened, he was being slammed against a wall, a hand pressing sharply over his mouth. A dam of fear broke somewhere inside him, heart beating frantically as he tried to keep his breathing calm. Michael knew, he must have figured it out.
Head down the whole way to the community center, he could feel the panic filling his body like a poison. This was a terrible idea, what was he even supposed to say? Or was he supposed to ignore Dean altogether, or just pretend everything was normal? He groaned, shutting up when Charlie levelled a seriously no nonsense glare at him.
