Cas' voice pulls Dean from his reverie just in time to see his brother grin at the former angel and slide his hand from Cas' shoulder down to his back. It's oddly intimate for them and Dean wonders when they became close enough that touching was something they did.
He moved his free hand down to cup his balls and squeeze. The extra sensation made him involuntary throw his head back and moan, much louder than he meant to. He bit down on his bottom lip and hoped the sound of the water running had covered it.
“I think it's sweet,” Charlie said happily. “Leave 'em alone.”
They all ended up ordering turkey club sandwiches. Sam and Kevin were about 90% certain they would get food poisoning no matter what they ate, but thought the club sandwich would be the safest bet. Cas had never tried one and wanted to see how it compared to a hamburger. Dean was stuck ordering the same thing as everyone else because he didn't want to admit that he wasn't actually looking at the menu before and had no idea what was on it.
“Then why-”
"Oh," Cas responded, his eyes still focused on Dean. "It, uh, tasted different to me before." He brought the beer to his mouth, placing his lips over the opening where Dean's had been moments before and took another sip. It was still unpleasant. "I suppose I'll get used to it," he said, absentmindedly running his long fingers over the neck of the bottle.
"You threw my pillow somewhere and I don’t feel like getting up to find it," he explained.
Kevin chuckled to himself. Sometimes he was glad he was too valuable to risk going on hunts. They didn't seem very fun. He made his way to his room to continue work on the Angel tablet and let his friends sleep off whatever horrors the Sunshine State had brought down upon them.
Cas finally tore his gaze away from the eldest Winchester and smiled his thanks at the complement. They fell into a comfortable silence after that. Occasionally, Dean would lean into Cas as he was trying a new dish and ask how he liked it. If it was something that Cas was not particularly fond of, Dean would make suggestions on how to improve the flavor (which always involved adding lots of butter and/or pepper).
Dean sighed in agitation. “Drop the holier-than-thou angel bullshit, Cas. You're human now and I know you gotta be jerking it in the shower, just like the rest of us. All I'm asking is that you go out and have a little fun, like normal people do. Who knows, maybe you'll meet a hot girl or two and they'll help remove that stick from your ass.”
Disappointed that his love magic theory was a bust, Dean manages to successfully avoid everyone for the next couple of days. He spends most of his time in his bedroom or in the garage restoring a vintage Thunderbird that was left behind by the Men of Letters. He had noticed Cas admiring it and planned to give it to him when it was road ready, but now he’s not so sure.
Cas canted his head and blinked. “I'm sensing you're making a reference to something you know I don't understand.”
“Holy shit, Cas! Not cool!” Dean put as much distance between him and the former angel as he could manage in the small room. “We're done talking about this. I don't wanna hear anymore.”
Three hours later they made it back to the motel. It was decided earlier that Dean and Castiel would share a room with two doubles while Sam got a single. Dean protested of course because being in close quarters with the ex-angel was the opposite of “distance” and might stir up things he'd be happier to repress (not that he could admit that to anyone). Sam however, ended up winning the game of rock-paper-scissors they played to decide and chose to have his own room. Cas seemed rather offended by Dean's unwillingness to share a room with him, but he didn't comment on it. Dean noticed the former angel had taken a more passive-aggressive approach to dealing with him since it became obvious Dean was intentionally avoiding him.
"We should clean up," Dean said when the drying come on his skin started to irritate him. "Who knows when Sammy'll be home."
"Is it dead?" Sam asked, shaking off the impact and keeping his foot on the accelerator, causing the wheels to squeal. “Looks dead.”
'I know, right? It's always the hot ones,' Shelby said, wistfully. 'I don't think we're getting laid tonight.'
“On your phone,” Shelby replied. “Watch them. It'll prove we didn't steal your shit or force you into anything
“Get in the car,” Dean ordered and moved to put himself between the men and the former angel.
"What are you-" Dean's unfinished question was answered when Cas reached out to grab the bowl of cranberry sauce and tipped it until some poured out over the hunter's navel, spattering on his cock. Several of the cranberries slopped off, leaving a sticky trail of thick red syrup down his side and catching in the wiry hair of his groin. "Dammit Cas, warn a guy next time," he said in a playful tone, thankful the dessert had not been refrigerated yet and remained at a slightly cool, but bearable room temperature. Proof that a healthy combination of laziness and an overactive libido paid off.
“That sucks, man,” Dean responds. “Still no coffee.”
"Noted," Kevin said slowly. "What happened before Sam and I got there? Cas seemed really pissed. More than usual."
“You hard o’ hearing or didja drink away your last brain cell on that bender las’ night?”
“Yes.”
?" Cas asked incredulously.
“Could you be less vague?” Sam asked. “We're looking for details. Anything you can remember.”
Dropping the lube and plug in the pocket of his Dead Guy robe, he grabbed the panties and a clean change of clothes before heading to the shower.
"Guys, I found it," he called out as the creature they tracked to the warehouse rushed at him.
"I don't..." he trailed off, not sure of what to say. Now that he thought about it, Dean had been unusually affectionate recently. His touches were more frequent and lingered longer, his voice softer, his smile warm and genuine. Dean seemed to have developed an endless supply of patience, which Sam noticed and commented on regularly. He even let Cas drive the Impala a couple of times for solo grocery runs -- with only very minor threats of violence if something happened to his precious car.
“No,” Cas responded and leaned in to suck on Dean's neck. “I like the smell of your musk.”
“For starters, there's the he's a
"Both," Dean answered with a charming smile. The promise of food and drink instantly putting him back in good spirits. "We'll start with beers," he said, not bothering to ask what the others wanted.
“I liked it better,” Cas admitted, unsure if that was the right thing to say.
Dean's eyes followed when Cas reached out for the bottle of lube. Instead of opening it, Cas set in on the bed and leaned forward to rub his hands along Dean's chest and the thin red lines left behind by the whip. He moved closer, pressing their lips together, his tongue swiped at Dean's
gay! Why does everyone think that?”
Dean was surprised to find that he wasn’t at all weirded out by having his hand on another man’s junk. The angle was awkward, but Cas didn’t seem to mind so Dean kept pumping him, building momentum. He used his thumb to smear the precome over head, sliding up and down the shaft and twisting occasionally in a way he liked to do to himself. When it looked like Cas was about ready to lose it, Dean pulled his hand off and repositioned himself on top of the other man.
“Anyway,” Sam continued, trying to keep the irritation out of his voice. “They can't remember anything that happened, but we had reason to believe they ended up here at some point.”
Because Sam and Cas are a package deal now. “Right. Sorry, forgot we’re keeping our sex lives secret these days.”
Apparently, it was Cas and he jumped back and glared at the younger Winchester. Even powerless, Sam may have found the
Castiel blinked and gave his patented I-have-no-patience-for-your-bullshit-Dean-Winchester expression and offered no apologies. "You didn't answer my question. Why are those men staring at us?" Cas pointed at the ones in question, who were still looking at them and murmuring in low voices.
"Yeah," Dean nodded. The table would definitely buckle, or at least flip over, if the ex-angel tried to climb on and he didn't think he could fabricate and innocent enough excuse to appease Sam. Not to mention it was extremely uncomfortable and his back was already starting to hurt. Cas helped him sit up and leaned in, roughly mashing their lips together in an open-mouthed kiss.
They stayed in bed, too wrapped up in each other to care about the mess and drifted back into a peaceful sleep.
“I can explain-”
Dean couldn't see the other man's face, but he was pretty sure he was rolling his eyes at him. Cas helped him pull off his boxers, using them to clean the mess from his stomach and the hunter's back then tossed the sweat and come soaked piece of clothing to the floor. Dean twisted around enough to pull Cas in for a quick kiss when the brunet settled down behind him.
He storms away, unwilling to argue about it further. The rage dulled considerably with the knowledge that he had been wrong about his brother and friend, but he still wants to cling to the last embers of it. They were lying, after all, and their deception wasn’t easy on him. He’s embarrassed by his actions and has no idea where he and Cas stand. He needs a chance to process everything that just happened.
When the door slammed closed behind him, Sam noticed Dean's phone was still on his bed and the car keys were on the table. He smiled to himself. He might be getting his own room after all.
“Wait a freakin' minute,” Dean snapped, stopping Sam in his tracks. “What about them?” he gestured to the women who were already going into the club, the door slammed shut behind them. “They drugged us! We can't just let them get away with that.” He looked at Cas for support and received a small shrug from his friend.
"Yeah, can we
“So...pizza?” Charlie asked as they piled into the car.
Sam smiled and looked away to give them a little privacy. He was tired of their constant PDA, but it was Christmas and he knew how Dean felt about the former angel (and pie, of course). He regretted it almost immediately when a low moan came from across the table and he realized the couple had obviously forgotten he was still in the room with them. Sam cleared his throat, as he often had to do to break them apart, even before they were together.
box, whatever – and goes to find his friend. If Cas wants to spend the evening with him watching sexy leather clad aliens screw up the galaxy, Dean certainly isn’t going to deny him.
"I'm taking you to bed."
“Yes,” Cas answered completely without shame. “I was curious.”
“Whatever you say.” Sam gave a knowing smile and turned his attention to the computer. “Just trying to help.”
“Why not? Make up sex is the best,” she said wistfully. “Man, I need a girlfriend like yesterday.”
“Whatever you say,” he said, trying to button up his jeans with one hand. “So where we headed?”
Their breaths were heavy, skin tacky with sweat and semen, and they laid wrapped in each other for several minutes before Dean found the energy move. He rolled off Cas to lay on his side next to him. Cas looked over, a completely blessed-out expression on his face.
“Clean up first,” Dean corrected and rolled over to pick up the nearest article of clothing to wipe up the mess. “We should go shower.”
“Why would you think,” Sam gestures incredulously between himself and their friend, “that Cas and I are having sex?”
every time he sees the former angel eyeing the desserts menu, and,
“Whatever. Let’s just get this over with. I want my Baby back.”
– and returns to her semi.
“What the fuck did you do that for?” Dean yelled as the women backed themselves into the brick wall of the building. “You okay, Sammy?”
Dean snorted in disbelief. "Sounds like a challenge," he said trying to get the bartenders attention.
They didn't hear him, or didn't care, and Dean slid his hand up under Cas' shirt causing the brunet to groan softly into Dean's mouth.
“I wanna make sure I don't hurt you,” Dean explained.
“I see your manners are improving,” Cas commented. “Since you asked so nicely.”
“It's, uh-” Dean stuttered. “It's a receipt.”
Dean groaned. The sadistic bastard was making him beg for it. “
“Anytime,” Cas replied and moved back enough for Dean to slide off the counter. “Are you able to walk or do I need to carry you?”
“Boss will probably kill me for missing out on the DVD sell, but you seemed like cool guys. And you're obviously really into each other, which again, is nauseatingly sweet, so I thought I'd help educate you on the joy and wonders of same-sex sex."
“Go for it.” Dean got on his back and Cas moved down to hook his fingers under the waistline and divested him of both jeans and underwear in one quick motion. Cas positioned himself over Dean and moved his mouth over a nipple, copying what Dean had done to him. “Feels good, Cas.”
“Is something wrong?” Cas asked, taking a bite of buttered toast.
Cas hesitated momentarily then cautiously moved around Dean to get to the car. Instead of getting in, he set the items he was holding in the back and went to stand beside the hunter. “Come on, Dean, we're leaving.”
“Why not?”
Dean responded by pushing in for a full kiss while they tangled their legs together.
Cas thought that was a peculiar thing for Dean to say, even in jest, but decided to respond candidly. “It’s already the middle of the night,” he pointed out and sleepily rolled onto his side to face the hunter. “But you may rest assured that I would only 'grab your dick' if you gave me consent, and I would
Job done, Kevin bolts before he's put to more work and leaves Dean alone again. He eats what he can – mostly the bacon, a few bites of bland eggs, and half of the banana (for Cas).
Dean was wandering absentmindedly around the bunker waiting for Sam to get back from picking up Charlie. He wasn't sure how much his brother had told her about what he needed her help with, but as he had yet to sort out his feelings on the matter, he wasn't looking forward to another person knowing. He found his way to the lounge that was set up with a sofa, TV and entertainment area. Kevin requested a game system to use on his down time, not that prophets actually got down time, but the brothers wanted the kid to have something to do other than translating heavenly tablets. Dean was already expecting to find Kevin playing a game on his new Xbox, but was surprised to see Cas sitting next to him on the couch with a controller in hand. Both were focused on the screen as their Lego Batman characters battled the Joker's giant robot through the streets of Gotham. Neither noticed Dean standing in the doorway taking in the unfamiliar sight of Castiel enthralled in a video game.
“No.” Cas' rocked into him, his rhythm becoming erratic as his climax neared. “I want you to come from this.” He thrust in hard, his balls slapping against Dean's ass.
“Hell, no.” The last thing Dean wants is to be stuck in a car with those two. He had been so sure that magic was to blame, but if Cas is correct, then he would know if they were cursed. “Take one of the junkers,” he says and begins piling all of his research material into one stack. “Baby needs a tune-up.”
Cas was about to argue that the only reason he was in Dean's room in the first place was because of the noise
but hard enough to make the window next to the door rattle. Which means Cas’ anger didn’t diminish any more than Dean’s had during the twenty-minute car ride.
It’s too much and not enough and by the time Cas finally extracts his fingers and lines up his cock, Dean’s already a whimpering, incoherent mess. They both groan loudly when Cas pushes inside and bottoms out in one slow slide. He gives Dean just enough time to adjust to being filled then starts to languidly pump, rolling his hips as he pistons upward. Dean digs his nails into the angel’s back, leaving marks that will fade in seconds and rolls his hips, attempting to find some relief for the aching hardness trapped between them.
“It's a good thing Cas already knows everything about you then,” she responded. “Plus, he can take care of himself I imagine so that makes him kinda perfect.”
Cas nodded. “Add another.”
“Fuck! We got rolled,” Dean said coming out of the bathroom, after taking a moment to relieve himself.
Cas laughed softly, pushing it all the way in to the base and keeping it there. Leaning over the hunter, careful not to hit the clamps, he brought their mouths together and slid their lengths against each other. He kissed his way down Dean's jaw to his neck, sucking angry red marks into his tanned skin. He went lower, trailing kisses down his chest and abdomen until he got to his hips.
.” He had to admit the idea wasn't as repulsive as it once seemed. It might be weird at first, but he could power through. “Yeah, I think I can do that.”
“Dude, I'm not gonna go have sex with him just to say 'I'm sorry'.”
- this time with Sam in tow. Cas’ hair is a mess and his t-shirt and sweatpants are sleep rumpled; he looks like he’s just woken up. In Sam’s bedroom. Both men are too engrossed in their murmured discussion to even notice Dean as they make their way down the hall and out of sight.
Pressure was building, a warning that it would be over soon so he pushed up harder, faster, aiming for the spot. Cas wrapped a hand around his cock and stroked, thrusting into his fist then back down, matching Dean's movements as the hunter bucked his hips.
The last video was longer and much more informative.
things," he replied suggestively before sinking to his knees.
“Sam, hasn't Dean told us on many occasions that the driver gets to pick the music?” Cas spoke up, leaning forward in the backseat. The former angel was clearly upset with the elder Winchester and took every opportunity to side against him. “Doesn't that rule also apply when he's not the driver?”
All things considered, Sam thought Dean had acted surprisingly well given the circumstances. Not that he wanted to think too much about his brother's sex life, but he couldn't help but wonder what really happened between Dean and Castiel. They had been passed out in a fairly compromising position when he found them: Cas naked, on top of Dean, who was wearing women's underwear. That was an image Sam knew no amount of brain bleach would get rid of. And then of course there were the sex toys, which Sam was not even going to think about. All of the evidence suggested that something of a sexual nature did occur between the two.
Cas raised an eyebrow. “I'm surprised your cries of pain didn't wake the others,” he responded playfully.
“Try to relax,” Cas responded and placed a comforting hand on the hunter's knee. “It's not that bad, but I won't do it until you're ready.”
Dean glared at his brother. He was in no mood to listen to music, especially 80's power ballads that hit a little too close to home. He tried to forget about what he did in the shower. How he had gotten himself off thinking about his friend: a
There’s an awkward silence as Cas stands there for a few more moments. Dean keeps his eyes locked on the table, focusing on cleaning up the traces of his wasted day, and doesn’t look up again until he hears soft footsteps retreating.
Surely it wasn't a date. If Dean had romantic intentions he would have said so and he certainly wouldn't have invited his brother and Kevin to accompany them. Cas may have little knowledge of human courtship, but he knew that much at least. Dean was probably only dressed as he was to increase his chances of having intercourse with a female. Cas frowned at the unsettling feeling he was getting in his stomach and looked away from Dean's gaze.
He let out another breath and continued. “Y'know, the only reason I forced the issue in the first place is because I wanted you to meet someone and hook up. I've had this stupid idea that getting you laid would somehow solve all our problems; you'd stop moping around about having to be mortal and I wouldn't have to deal with a buncha crap that's probably better left alone.”
When Cas appeared in the doorway Dean was both relieved and shocked.
.' Cas grabbed onto Dean's shirt and pulled him down until their lips met.
"Oops," Kevin cringed. "Sorry, Cas."
long time since I got laid.” He realized after the fact that he shouldn't have made it sound like he only did it because he was desperate. “I'm sorry. You know I'm no good at feelings and crap.”
Strong hands gripped Dean's arms from behind and roughly pushed him aside. "Only
He stuck his tongue out and glided it along the underside of the shaft, from the base to the crown. He swiped over the head experimentally, lapping up the beads of precome. It was salty and slightly bitter, but he didn't care because it was the taste of
Dean raised up on his elbows and smirked. “If you like it so much, come and get it,” Dean teased and bucked his hips suggestively. That action resulted in another hit to his prostate and he fell back on the bed with a gasp. “
Cas raised up on his elbow to look at him and his brow furrowed. “Of course I'm happy with you, Dean.”
“You know what the best part is though?” Sam said looking at the prophet.
"I saw that in a video and wanted to try it," Cas explained.
buy them...” Sam trailed off.
. Cas reached out to rub his hands over Dean's muscular shoulders and then went down to undo his tightening jeans.
“You called her 'sweetheart', Dean.” Cas responded.
“Oh, you mean
Sam walked away grumbling. He thought they should be a little more grateful considering all the work he put in to bringing them together. He found Kevin and Charlie in the lounge watching a movie and decided to join them.
“Somethin' greasy.”
Dean shakes his head and instantly regrets it. He works through the dizziness and whispers conspiratorially. "No, dude, you gotta watch out for the
Dean's cock flopped to his stomach wet and aching for more attention. Dean whimpered at the loss of contact.
Dean nudged him to go deeper and when Cas felt his dick hit the back of the hunter's throat it was over. He thrust in a few more times as the flood of pleasure overtook him and he was suddenly spilling inside Dean's mouth. Dean sucked him through it, swallowing down every spurt, and licked him clean before releasing his spent cock.
“By 'iniquities' do you mean strip clubs?”
. The gravity of it suddenly hit him and he buried his face in his hands. Why did he always fuck things up? Cas had outed himself and Dean knew he had responded like dick. He didn't blame Cas for not wanting to be in the same room with him.
Cas looked around the room at the mess they made; discarded clothing, splatters of come and drops of cooking oil on the tile, bits of Sam's cranberry sauce smeared across the surface of the table, and dinner rolls all over the floor (Kevin was gonna be pissed). "We can't leave the kitchen in this state."
Cas didn't move. "Dean, didn't you say that only
He would normally object to his friend using his limited grace on something frivolous, but they have argued enough for one day (lifetime) and if it gets Cas inside of him faster, who is he to complain about the misuse of heavenly power? He shoves down his initial annoyance and occupies his mouth with sucking a bruise into the skin just below Cas’ ear.
“Like this?” Cas asked, bending down to circle his tongue around the hunter's navel. Dean's body shivered beneath him and he repeated the action; swirling wet lines over the bellybutton and dipping his tongue inside.
to himself.
"That was
“Very much,” Cas answered and moved his mouth over Dean's cock again, lowing himself as far as his position would allow then sliding back up.
“That’s when you thought he was cheating on me?” Sam asks and shakes his head in disbelief. “That’s sweet, by the way. Thanks for defending my honor.”
Cas' strong hands found their way to Dean's hips to still them. "Get on the table," he said as he tugged the hunter's pants and boxer down to pool around his ankles.
Cas swallowed a lump in his throat and nodded, unable to form words. Dean's knees were already getting sore from being on the hard cement floor, but while he knew the bed would be more comfortable, he wasn't about to take the time to move them. He reached out and slid the zipper down on Cas' jeans. The brunet moaned at the feel of Dean's hands on him again as the hunter worked to free his straining erection. Dean leaned in and ran his mouth over the tent in Cas' boxers. Only a thin layer of fabric now separated his mouth from Cas' cock and when that thought turned Dean on even more, he knew not only would he be okay with sucking Cas' dick, but that he really fucking wanted to.
Dean was hyperaware that he was in a hole in the wall bar, sitting at a booth with three other guys (one of which was his brother), but his hardening cock had a mind of its own. It didn't help that next to him, Cas was practically molesting that damn beer bottle. The brunet had one hand wrapped around the base to hold it in place and was using his other hand to slowly smear around little droplets of condensation. Dean watched entranced as Cas' fingers twisted around the opening and then slid back down the neck, going up and down, up and down, up and-
“Well, y'know, the dildos and nipple clamps and shit,” Dean answered. “If this is really what you like then I don't mind experimenting with you. Hell, we've got a dungeon, we could set up a sex swing down there with all the chains and shackles, make Crowley our gimp. Although, on second thought, he'd probably like that way too much.”
He sees the woman again – the truck driver – now standing outside of the Impala with a scowl on her face and gesturing for him to roll down his window. He waves her off, not interested in whatever she’s selling. Or whatever she thinks
Dean didn't trust himself to speak, only beg with his eyes for a reprieve. His dick was rock hard, straining against his jeans and it was taking every ounce of willpower not to grind down on the plug and rub himself. He was about two seconds away from dragging Cas back to their room and letting him fuck his brains out when the plug shut off. Cas didn't seem to anticipate that anyone would be able to hear his little device in action and turned it off before they were caught and the fun was ruined.
“In a sexual way?”
“You make it sound so easy,” Dean said with a wry smile. “What if I mess it up?”
. Castiel mentally cursed is lack of angelic vision. "I was trying to kiss you."
“Fuck.”
Dean realized he had been leering and brought a hand up to cover his eyes. They both knew that was mostly for show, because really, he had already seen
“I would prefer your hands free for this,” Cas said, his arousal making his voice deeper than normal, “but if you attempt to touch yourself again I will bind them above your head and you will be at my
The first video was only a few seconds long and was clearly taken at the strip club.
Dean lifted himself off the floor and pulled him into a kiss. Their mouths opened for each other and Cas' tongue swept around Dean's to taste remnants of himself. Dean was so turned on by how unbelievably kinky his damn angel turned out to be that he was suddenly reminded of his own cock and its need for attention. Cas seemed to sense his thoughts and rubbed his hand over the rock hard bulge in Dean's pants.
"Hey, I'm back."
By the time Dean stepped out of the bathroom, clean and freshly shaven, Sam had made it back with dinner and everyone was sitting around a large table in the library waiting for him. Sam was passing out plates while Charlie taught Kevin and Cas the mechanics of Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. Dean helped his brother dole out the food, more because he was hungry rather than a desire to be useful.
“Then you should stop wearing clothing to bed,” Cas spoke into his skin and the vibrations went straight to his dick.
Cas groaned in protest and rolled over on his back, his erection standing at full attention.
“Damn, Cas!” Dean gasped, shocked to hear the normally uptight (when sober) Castiel dropping an f-bomb. “First of all, stop using air quotes, it makes you look douchey. Second, you're not a fuck up, okay? At least no more than the rest of us. If you don't want to go out tonight, I won't force you. We'll just stay in and watch the freakin' bee show.”
“Peachy,” Dean answered halfheartedly. “Just hate people like that. The world's full of monsters and demons and things that would have those guys crapping their pants if they ever saw it, and they worry about shit that don't even affect them.”
“Alright,” Rubin laughed and threw his hands up in surrender. “Property of Don. Got it.”
"Was that necessary?" Sam asked taking the keys from Dean, who was a little too drunk to drive them home.
“Anything,” Cas answered simply.
"I'm perfectly comfortable in what I'm wearing," Cas informed the hunter, not understanding why Dean insisted he put on something "nice" in order to go out for beers. The faded black
Dean swallowed down his nerves and nodded. “I want that too, Cas.”
When everyone had been served, Dean took an empty seat next to Cas and dug in. He barely started eating when Cas' hand found its way to his knee and was slowly moving up his leg. No one else at the table seemed to notice what was going on and Dean made no attempt to stop it. Cas reached his inner thigh and squeezed just below his groin and Dean had to bite down on his bottom lip to keep himself quiet. He glanced sideways at Cas and couldn't believe how calm and causal the former angel's demeanor was; as if the little shit wasn't currently groping him under the table.
“I'm not,” Dean said, too quickly to be believed and marched passed Sam to get to the parked Impala. “Come on, Cas,” he hollered over his shoulder and the ex-angel followed silently.
Cas nodded. "I will do my best.”
Instantly, Dean's hand was gone and Cas couldn't hold back the small whine that escaped at the loss. Before he had time to question it, however, the hunter was sliding Cas' boxers off and tossing them across the room. Dean wasted no time shedding his own briefs and moving to line up their lengths. He languidly rolled his hips, starting a slow rhythm, and making the old bed creak loudly with their movements.
"Oh, goddammit," Sam gritted out and berated himself for expecting to find anything other than a room full of used sex toys and a lingering scent of semen. He really should demand Stanford return the cost of his tuition.
“That place we just left, it's where some men go to have sex with each other.” Dean continued before his sudden resolve to speak candidly faded. “I don't know what happened last night anymore than you do, but the implication is that you and I did some pretty gay shit together. So, Mr. Tall, Dark &
Feeling marginally better, Dean finally looked down at whatever had fallen on the floor. “Holy fuck!” Next to his foot was large black penis shaped vibrator, complete with veins along its shiny shaft and huge balls at the base. When it hit the floor the vibrate setting had switched on and it was currently buzzing away against the carpet.
“DEAN!” Sam and Cas yelled in unison.
“We're not here as customers.” Sam stepped up to take over because Dean was only making things worse. “We're actually looking for information.”
Dean replied.
"Fine," he answers slowly. "Thought you guys weren't gonna be home 'til tomorrow."
gives in.
“Rough night, tiger?” Charlie teased and winked when Dean glowered at her.
Rubin gasped theatrically and placed a hand over his heart. “Oh my.”
Dean decided he was going to have to teach is friend about modesty, or subtlety. “That's not the point! You can't just walk around with your junk hangin' out.”
anyway?) the restroom door swung open, almost hitting Cas who was still standing by the sink drying his hands. Three large men came through the door, more than the tiny room could reasonably accommodate. "Crap," Dean mumbled seeing they were part of the group of men who had been glaring at them earlier in the night. Their gazes flicked from Dean to Cas, who was leaning on the sink, utterly unfazed by the situation and still waiting for Dean's answer. Two of the men went into the stalls while the third waited by the door.
“Do it again!” Cas demanded and somehow managed to keep the authority in his tone despite the fact that he was quickly becoming a keening mess.
“I'm sorry I've been kind of an dick today,” Dean said. “I shouldn't have snapped at you like that.”
“Because it makes me uncomfortable,” Dean said and began to pace around the room.
Cas gave Dean's dick one last squeeze, making the hunter twitch and moved his hand away. “No,” Cas also lied.
“Dean, calm down,” Cas said, putting a hand on the hunter's shoulder, which Dean instantly shrugged off.
“What are you talking about?” Sam asks, and Dean will give it to him, he does look genuinely confused. “Are you still drunk?”
"You're a li-weigh'," Cas slurred. "'M perfectly 'ober."
want you awake to reciprocate.”
“He did a terrible job when he was supposed to look after me last week,” Dean reminds him.
“Uh...no
“Cas, I'm close – Should I-”
“I know,” Cas cooed. “I promise to do it very gingerly.”
Dean let out a breath and involuntarily thrust his hips up into the air. "Oh,
Not that Dean had ever checked the guy out or anything, he was just
So, he won’t.
"No!" Dean snapped and stood up from the chair defensively. "I was just thinking about taking Cas to a bar tonight, if you must know. Dude's been mopping around here for weeks and it'd do 'im good to have a few drinks and enjoy himself a little."
“Huh?”
"I had planned something special for us this evening," Cas whispered into Dean's ear. "But you were very impatient," he added, punctuating each word with a snap of his hips.
“Well look who it is, Terry,” the taller of the two said and Dean identified the shorter one being called 'Terry' as the dick who tried to hit Cas.
” Cas responded, nervously. "I meant--"
At some point in the evening, country music began to play from an old jukebox they hadn't noticed before. Dean laughed at the appalled face Cas made listening to the lyrics of a Toby Keith song. "Dee-n," Cas leaned in to his amused friend. "Can horses even 'ave beer, Deean?"
“Dean, please,” Cas said, his tone pleading. “Don't you understand that you're all I have left? You, Sam, and Kevin, that's it. I can't lose you.”
Another groan broke through the silence of the room. It took Dean longer than it reasonably should have to figure out it did not come from him.
The former angel cocked his head, but didn't bother explaining that he had no idea what the hell Dean was talking about. He never understood those references and yet it never dissuaded Dean from using them. The hunter seemed satisfied with his attire so he assumed that it must be a good thing.
He places the pile of folders he had been sorting through back in the box he pulled them from – or
"Do you see something you like?" Cas deadpanned, earning snickers from both Sam and Kevin.
"Stay here," Cas commanded, walking the short distance to the dresser and pulling a second bag from his drawer. He left the room without explanation or even a backwards glance.
Sam? Wait. No, it wasn't Sam. Cas! Dean remembered he was sharing a room with Cas. That brought back flashes of them going out the night before, but his memory was still hazy. There was a loud crash and he thought he heard someone call his name. Something shifted on the bed and the weight that was holding him down eased a little.
it,” he tripped over the words in embarrassment, “but this is unknown territory for me and there's a lot I have to consider.”
“No, I'm good,” Dean responded in a gruff voice. “So, you'd keep watching even if I didn't, huh?”
Sam finds him in the kitchen half-way through a six pack.
"H-He's changing," Dean stuttered out. "Didn't think getting him out of those old clothes would be so damn hard."
"We'll check-in with you later," Sam tells his brother as he ushers Cas out of the room and shuts the door behind them.
end up going along with whatever I want.” Dean decided he'd probably have to examine that fact later.
.” Cas bent over suddenly to look at a large box on the bottom shelf, containing a massive seventeen inch dildo. “How would that even-”
Dean groaned at the rhyme. “You're a freakin' child sometimes.”
"There ain't no shame either way, dear," she responded, placing the bottles in front of them. "I got a nephew like that. Real nice boy." She glanced curiously at Cas, who was giving Dean a perfect impression of Sam's bitchface, then she gave Dean a knowing smile. "You boys know what ya want?"
Cas rolled his eyes (something he did quite often, much to Dean's annoyance) but lifted the dark jeans and black short sleeve button-down off the bed to inspect. He noticed they still had the department store tags attached and realized Dean not only went out and bought him brand new clothes, but he actually paid full price for them.
“Where did you go?” Cas has the audacity to ask.
Dean said incredulously. "Dude, Santa does
“What do you need?”
him. When Cas changed the angle so that he was hitting the prostate with every push Dean let out a loud howl and pulled at the cuffs until the chain broke in half. Since he was no longer restrained, Dean grabbed a
Dean must be up to something.
“Nothing,” Dean scoffed and went to put his bag in the trunk. “You know how grumpy he is before he's had his morning coffee.”
and left.”
“You know, you're lucky you guys are pretty hot and I was actually paying attention.” Miguel moved back until he was leaning against the counter. “It went down like this: you came in, looked around for a bit, bought some stuff and split.”
"Whoa, dial it back a little, Kev," Dean said, but smiled despite himself. It was good to see the kid relaxed and happy for a change. "Fake ID says you're legal. Play it cool so no one gets suspicious."
"I want my mouth on you," Cas said. If he had still been and angel, he could have flipped their positions and had his lips around Dean before the hunter even knew what happened.
Dean thought as he watched Sam turn and leave the library looking thoroughly annoyed for some reason.
"Yes, they were most helpful, Dean." Cas moved his hand down to lightly
“That wasn't fucking was it?” Cas asked.
“Well, you never answered the question I asked you,” Cas pointed out. “And I left our room to ease your discomfort with me. I don't understand why you're trying to exacerbate things by bringing this up now.”
“Well, you showed marvelous restraint,” Cas remarked with a small smile. “Although, I am sorry they ruined our day.”
Cas handed Dean a small crumpled piece of paper. “I found this in my pocket while you were searching the room.”
“Why?” Cas asked as if Dean was being unreasonable.
"What else does dream-me do?" Dean asked when they broke apart for air. "This?" His mouth trailed over the ex-angel's jawline, teeth scraping over day old stubble, then down to his neck. The hunter licked and sucked at the pulse point there, nipping at his skin softly, and making Cas groan and buck with more vigor. In his pleasure, he completely forgot not only to answer, but that questions were asked in the first place.
Cas watched satisfied when Dean released, his lips parted slightly and he drove wildly into the hole clenching tight around him. With a few final thrusts he swelled and shot out deep inside the hunter. He rocked his hips a couple of times, filling Dean up, then released the hold on his legs so he could lean forward and collapse on top of the hunter, panting heavily.
"See?" Dean said with a wide grin, taking half a step back to admire his work. "Now you look less
exploring the others' bodies and planting soft kisses to red swollen lips.
“I’m fine, Keven!” Dean snaps as he rushes back into the safety of his bedroom and slams the door.
The water turned on.
to a different hallway, Sam heard the noise again. It was coming from inside the bathroom he realized, and now that he was closer it only took him a second to identify the unmistakable voice of his brother. It was muffled through the stone wall and water from the shower, but the noise was definitely coming from Dean and he was clearly not in distress.
“So am I,” Cas growled. He sped up his movements, flicking his wrist occasionally as he pumped. His trusting picked up, becoming more erratic and he moaned into Dean's shoulder when he climaxed. Dean felt Cas spill out thick and warm over his lower back and bucked hard into the hand gripping him as he released his own load inside his dampened boxers.
high expectations to live up to.”
left it.”
" Dean was about to freakin' lose it. "Please,
"Hmm?" Dean clears his throat and shakes away the weird feeling he's getting watching the two of them interacting. "No, it's fine. One less thing for me to do."
'Okay then,' Mia said, rolling her eyes. 'I'm pretty sure you left the condoms in the car, though. Are you guys gonna need protection?'
“I'm ready, Dean,” Cas grunted through ragged breaths. “Please fuck me now.”
Cas stopped abruptly. 'My what?'
"What the hell are you talking about?" Dean asked. He already knew why Cas was in a bad mood and didn't need to go talk about his freakin' feelings. Sam was just being a bigger girl than usual and Dean was not going to let him ruin his perfect plan.
Both men laughed stupidly, but neither moved any closer. “Whatcha gonna do, queer? Don't look like that big hairy ape is here to protect ya this time,” the one that wasn't Terry said.
Dean grinned proudly and stood up. Nothing he loved more than showing off his most prized possession. “Yeah, she's a-” he trailed off when he saw the two men standing a few feet away admiring his car. It may have been a couple of months, but he instantly recognized the redneck douchebags they encountered at the local bar. The men turned to look at him when he spoke and Dean could tell by their faces they recognized him as well. That surprised him somewhat given how shitfaced they were, but then again, he supposed they
“So, take the little angel out for that frou-frou shit he likes,” Dean suggests and almost manages not to sound bitter. “Make a date of it.”
"These were
“It's a plug,” Cas said casually. “I've been practicing on myself.”
Sam sits back in his chair and lets out a relieved sigh. “I could use a break. What’d you have in mind?”
“He’s taking a shower in my room. What'd you do to him?”
Cas turned to look at the hunter suspiciously. “Why?”
Dean's eyes swept the room, memorizing all of the doors and pathways to the exits. A lifetime of hunting taught him to always know your way out of a building in case you need a quick getaway. The bar was smaller than it looked from the outside, but was at least larger than the other one in town- which was pretty much just a run-down shack with less sitting room than the Impala (thank fuck for the town's liquor store). Not forgetting about his noble mission, Dean focused on the other patrons, scanning the crowd looking for moderately attractive women. He immediately noticed a group of five burly men sitting at a booth in front of the bar's only window, and all five were staring at them in what seemed to be disgust. Dean was not the least bit intimidated by the Larry the Cable Guy wannabes and flared back at them.
thing. Dean hadn't been with any other men to know if it was always like that or not. Cas once told him it wasn't the sex but rather the process of
While his brother has his back turned, Dean refills his coffee cup, then grabs the salt shaker from the counter. He unscrews the cap and dumps the contents into the half-full pot and places it back on the warmer.
“Charlie, this is real life,
“You're doing so –
"We got back last night, actually," Sam responds. "Decided it wasn't worth wasting money on the room for another night when we live a few hours away."
Dean sent Sam a quick text asking if he wanted to join them and then put on his boots.
“Kevin,” Cas answered and pushed into Dean's idle palm, urging him to continue.
“Just sayin',” Dean smirked. He had just put the coffee pot back on the warming plate and was reaching for his mug when the anal plug suddenly sprang to life inside of him; vibrating wildly. The curved tip of it immediately hit his prostate gland and he lurched forward, his knees hitting the lower cabinets and grabbed onto the counter to keep himself upright. “
erection was almost enough to make him come right then and there.
Cas’ gravelly response is too muffled to make out, but it makes Sam chuckle again.
Dean glared and stepped down, keeping his weight off of the sore foot. “I think I can manage.”
“You're not.” Dean strides over to Cas and latches onto his forearm to keep him from leaving. “Where the hell is this coming from?”
“I didn't think you were hitting on her,” Cas stated calmly and continued to glare.
She didn't respond, just laughed and patted his arm.
Lebanon, Kansas was an extremely small town. Frustratingly so. With only two drinking establishments to its name, it was not the most desired location for a night out, but Dean tried to remain optimistic. It was for Castiel after all. Also, and mostly, because Dean didn't want to drive the two hours it would take to get to the nearest city.
Later that evening, after sitting through the first Lord of the Rings movie – because Charlie was
“Down, tiger,” Rubin chuckled. “Can't blame me for trying. That's one fine ass your boyfriend's got.”
By the time Miguel showed up for his shift, Sam had lost complete interest in Kerstin after the girl expressed some strong and completely ignorant political views. They were all relieved when she left after her co-worker clocked in.
“No, I'm Kerstin.” She winked at Sam and tossed her hair over her shoulders.
Cas slid his fingers inside the panties and slowly pulled them off. After discarding them, he switched off the plug and set the control on the nightstand. Dean spread his legs so Cas could position himself between them and ease the plug out of his hole. Dean choked back a whine at the sudden loss, but knew he would be filled up again. Cas reached over him to retrieve the lube from the nightstand and thoroughly coated his brand new vibrator with it. He squirted some on his fingers and massaged around Dean's already slick entrance, pushing some of the lubrication inside. He pressed the tip of the vibrator to the stretched opening and slid it in.
“So what do you guys remember?” Sam asked now that everyone was fully clothed. He was standing awkwardly in the middle of the room because there was no way in hell he was going to sit down on any of the surfaces.
the one who can't aim.”
Cas continued kissing down to the area right above the light brown hair of his groin. He looked up to meet Dean’s eyes. “May I taste you?”
“So, do something that's just for him,” she suggested.
There’s a vibration on the wall behind Dean's head and a faint thumping echoes through the room, barely carrying over the sound of their combined moans and slapping skin. Inaudible curses accompany the banging coming from the angry occupant next door and without warning Dean’s being spun around and carried across the room, still impaled on Cas’ cock, and they fall together on top of the nearest bed.
make an impression.
“Well, besides the fact that they
“No,” Dean answered with a smile. He didn’t want to use the term
Dean rolled his eyes remembering how disgusted Cas had been with morning breath his first few weeks as human. “I had my dick in your ass last night, Cas, you think I care if you're not minty fresh?”
"Sam can do the rest," Dean said, ignoring his now damp t-shirt and crowding once more into the former angel's space to resume palming his growing erection. "Besides," he shrugged, "the bitch went to hide out while we did all the work."
"No you don't. It's fine."
“Would you want it to?” Cas asked, tentatively. “Hypothetically, if we weren't given mind altering drugs and we still had sex, how would you feel about that?”
It’s early morning and the sun’s barely over the horizon. Looking around he remembers he parked in the lot behind the local gas station. There’s a semi-truck idling nearby and he expects the sound of its engine is what pulled him from his drunken slumber. The memory of last night’s events stirs his nausea just as the smell of whiskey and stale pizza hits him. He barely gets the car door open in time to empty the contents of his stomach on the pavement.
Dean's retort was interrupted by a sudden yawn and he was glad when they made it back to his --
. After only a few moments, Sam's heavy breathing picked up and the room was once again filled with the terrible noise.
"You don't even know what you’re hunting," Dean points out. It might be a losing battle considering he feels like he's going to faceplant if he doesn't sit down soon, but he has to try. "Cas still has on training wheels and you’re not fully recovered."
Cas closed his eyes and once more tried to tune it out. He forced his mind to call up the image of fluffy sheep in a grassy field and attempted to count them. He had no idea how it was supposed to help - it was ridiculous, in fact - but it was something Dean had suggested once. Although, now that he thought about it, it was quite possible Dean had been joking at the time.
Dean moaned and thrust into Cas's hand. "And were the videos
Sam glanced up to watch Cas in the rear-view mirror. His friend was once again staring out of the window. Sam had never seen him look so dejected before and it made him want to strangle his brother. How could Dean not see the importance of what their friend had just admitted?
.” He smiled to himself. “What's in the box?
Dean complied without
. Sam said he'd be gone for at least a few hours, so they didn't bother to shut the door when they reached the room. It wasn't often that they had the bunker to themselves. Usually, they would take advantage of being alone and kiss, hump and fuck on every
Sam’s nostrils flare. “Would love to, but some jackass used the last of the grounds to make coffee, then sabotaged it.”
Dean averted his eyes by looking down at himself and let out a breathless shriek. Instead of pants, or even boxers, he was wearing pink zebra print panties - which barely held anything in - and had a dark wet patch in the front, he was fairly sure wasn't from sweat. He then realized what the hard thing that had been pressed against him had been. If that wasn't mortifying enough, he also had matching pink grader belts strapped around each of his thighs.
and a short whip with strips of black suede out of the bag and placed them one by one on the nightstand.
Dean grunted. Sure, it was unfortunate they didn't make it to Florida in time to save the victims, but there was no reason not to go out and enjoy the local depravity now that the job was done. They did drive twenty hours, then spent the day tracking and finally killing the thing. There was no way he was going to just sit back at the motel and
“It’s not,” Dean agrees.
"What the fuck just happened?" Dean asked, impressed with Sam's sheer badassness.
Dean sighs, not wanting to repeat the conversation he already had with Sam. “I did, yeah. Sounds ridiculous now that I know the truth. Must’ve been projecting or whatever.”
“You were making a 'big deal' about it last night if I recall,” Cas responded.
Dean hummed in approval, either at his answer or the swear, and gripped him tighter. "So, what does dream-me do when he has you on your back like this?"
“Oh?” Cas says cautiously.
Cas was naked except for a long white lab coat with 'M.D.' embroidered on one side and he was wearing a pair of well-worn cowboy boots, which Dean guessed he must have picked up at a thrift store. He was hard, poking out between the open coat and he had a metal clipboard gripped in one hand. He slowly stepped into the room and over to the bed, never taking his eyes away from the hunter's.
“Oh, don't be mean,
“Dean,” Sam said carefully. “You do remember that Cas
Sam left his flushed brother and headed back out to the stolen car to get the drinks. He just wanted to hurry up and eat so they could find the Impala and get the hell out of Florida.
"I don't believe this table will hold our combined weight," Cas stated finally and Dean huffed a laugh wondering how he came to such and obvious conclusion. There was no doubt it involved some overly complicated angelic math equation. (density + age of wood x mass² x force ÷ whateverthefuck = two grown men
Sam looked up from his phone to see two cars pulling in, one of which was the Impala. Dean reached for the door handle to jump out when Sam stopped him. “Wait until they get out, otherwise they'll probably just high tail it out of here.”
He was unable to hold back his whimper at that. “
Apparently, no one else in the bar had heard the commotion over the blaring sounds of Garth Brooks and they were able to quickly pay the tab and leave. Passing the redneck's booth on the way out, Dean couldn't stop himself from grinning at the two who had stayed behind. "Just had a good ol' time in there with your boys. Shame you didn't join us." He winked and walked out behind his brother.
“I don’t need details,” Sam responded, not caring if they were overheard, “and you can deny it on semantics or whatever, but you spent the night with him in a room with one bed, were butt-ass naked when you answered the door, and it was hard to miss the fact you're covered in hickeys and what I'm guessing is beard burn, so don't tell me nothing happened.”
Castiel hadn't seen it yet – Dean pulled Cas out of the lounge and towards his bedroom.
“Whoa, you look kind of pale,” Kevin says, taking a few steps back. “You’re not sick again, are you? ‘Cuz I don’t have time to wait on you hand and foot and if Cas thinks he can-”
,” the brunette said with a sneer. “You're the one that gave us the keys.”
“Was trying to get rid of this boner first.” He gestured towards with groin. “Wanna help with that?”
. He looked up at the former angel and was glad to see blue eyes staring down at him in excitement and wonder. Not breaking eye contact he surged forward, wrapped his lips over the head, and sucked. Cas instinctively tried to thrust in to the wet heat so Dean put one hand on his hip to hold him back while keeping the other around the base. With no experience to draw from, he relied on his knowledge of what he liked, and from the low moans Cas was making, the former angel liked them as well.
"Hell no." He moved to straddle Castiel's hips and leaned down to kiss away any reservations. "I've been awake for hours thinking about this. Since your little strip tease back at the cemetery." Dean silenced Cas with another kiss when he tried to argue that removing his coat hardly counted as a
and "
“Good,” Dean grinned. “I kinda missed not waking up with you this morning.”
, either you're a Bond villain or you're planning something. Should I be worried?"
worth it, Dean,” Cas assured him. “Tonight, I wanted the bunker to ourselves so we could be as loud as we want.” He reached in the box and pulled out a large vibrator sealed in plastic packaging.
Sam knew he really would be laughing at Dean's predicament if he weren't so unbelievably uncomfortable.
Cas pulled a pair of furry
, Cas," Dean pouted. "It's my birthday, don't leave me waiting like this."
As soon as the pressure that had been staving off his orgasm vanished, Dean's cock pulsed and he came untouched for the first time in his life. His body quivered as hot white streams erupted out, coating his stomach and chest.
Dean's roller coaster ride of emotions isn't quite over. Charlie comes to the rescue and sexy times ensue for Dean and Castiel.
“I don't know why you wanna be here for this.” Dean eyed his over-sized brother. He wasn't sure what was on the videos, but he was fairly certain he didn't want Sam to see or hear it.
Sam heard his brother's voice before he could get far enough away.
"Castiel," Dean said with what the former angel could tell was feigned exasperation. "I've been giving you my best moves for
“Well, good for you,” Dean snapped. “Where the hell are we anyway?”
“I'm gonna head out to pick up dinner soon,” Sam called after them. “Any requests?”
“Hey,” Sam said, returning her smile. “Are you Angel?”
“Cas, do you know what you’re asking?”
“Just watch the damn thing,” Sam said curtly. He sat on bed across from the other two and waited for his brother to work up the nerve.
Dean smirked. "Good. Now lets hit the shower then we'll clean this shit up."
“What do those damn books have to do with it?” Dean said irritated. “Can't you go super I.T. girl and delete those things from the internet or something?”
As the last article of clothing is removed and tossed haphazardly across the room, Dean finds their positions reversed and he’s being roughly pushed against the wall. He can’t hold back a needy groan when a warm palm envelops his cock and starts stroking him to full hardness.
Cas leaned over and took one of his nipples in his mouth, gently biting and sucking on the nub until it was hard then moved on to the other. When he was satisfied that both were erect enough, he picked up the clamps and carefully attached them to each nipple. They pinched tightly on the sensitive areas, but Dean found the pressure gratifying.
Sam had enough. He kicked out under the table, hitting whoever had their leg closest to him.
10 minutes later Sam was headed out of the bunker, leaving Dean and Cas completely alone for the first time in weeks.
Cas needed to make the best of his situation and as his best friend, Dean realized it was his duty to show the ex-angel how to let loose. Not one for thinking outside the box, Dean quickly formed a short list of obvious yet surefire solutions to cheer him up.
“No, Cas, I didn't mean it like that,” Dean said and bent down to give him a reassuring kiss. “If I didn't want to be doing this, I wouldn't.”
good.”
Oh. On one hand, Dean's relieved that they weren’t acting sketchy because they had somehow started another apocalypse in the Hawkeye State, on the other... "You let him drive Baby?"
, so close and
"Good," Sam answers vaguely. Dean doesn’t miss the glace his brother shoots their friend.
"I'm sure it'll be great no matter what."
After TFW wraps up a case in Tampa, things get weird when Dean and Cas wake up in bed together with no memory of the night before.
And there went the guilt Sam had been feeling. “Wow. Way to keep your movie references fresh, Dean.”
Sam had his back turned away from the bed. “You don't remember anything?”
of food.
“Motel,” Dean admitted. “It's charging.”
Dean's laugh turned into a strangled cry when Cas changed angles and the tip of his cock brushed his sensitive gland. “
“I see your point,” Sam said. “Sorry about that.”
“Not sayin'
“Cas?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"And yet they were sold as a set," Cas replied amused. "It's a shame they will go unused."
“Dean,” Cas moaned at the friction. “Why are you doing this?”
,' he thrust forward again, earning wanton noises from the man beneath him, 'how much I wanted you,
Dean laughed and turned on his side until they were facing each other. They were so close Cas could smell a trace of cinnamon from the "girly" mouthwash Dean pretended he didn't like (and claimed he had thrown away days ago).
“Hello, Dean.” Cas reaches into the makeshift nest and gently strokes one of the sleeping rabbits between its ears.
Cas wanted to point out that while Dean insisted he wear new clothes, neither Sam or Kevin were wearing anything out of the ordinary. Dean on the other hand had made an effort it seemed. Forgoing his usual layers of t-shirts, henleys and flannels, Dean had put on a pair of jeans, which were surprisingly free of blood stains, and a dark gray button-down, similar in style to the one Cas was wearing. He knew the shirt must be new because he had never seen Dean wear it before - and it was quite flattering on the hunter so he was sure he would have noticed. He wondered if it was only a coincidence that they matched and what significance, if any, it was.
Anger flares on behalf of his baby brother. Sam deserves better from both of them. He’s out of his bedroom and on his way to Sam’s before he can talk himself out of it.
"Dammit, Cas, stop struggling," Dean snapped. The smaller man was putting up one hell of a fight trying to free himself from Dean's grasp.
“It's not enough,” he said through gritted teeth. “I can't – I need you to touch me.”
“It wasn't my intention to make you uncomfortable,” Cas responded and Dean didn't quite believe him. “I merely wished to expedite the bathing process.”
"Absolutely," Dean smirked.
“Dean,” Cas said with a rough voice. “I would like to have sex this time.”
Cas frowned at that, but climbed on the bed and straddled Dean's thighs, wrapping his arms around the hunter's back. 'This is not very comfortable,' Cas pointed out. 'Perhaps I should remove the rest of my clothing.'
Dean recalls Cas telling his brother “I’ll see you later” the night before, but he also knows that Cas went to his own room when they parted ways after their
Dean was on his back so Cas settled against him, resting his head on the hunter's chest.
pulled his head out of his ass and acted on his feelings for the former angel. Sam had hoped, but never thought the day would come when he wouldn’t be stuck uncomfortably in the middle of their unresolved sexual tension.
one was going to last much longer.
That’s an invitation he won’t turn down. Dean feels a surge of excitement when he closes the small gap and touches their lips together. The kiss isn’t heated the way the first had been. It’s slow and passionate, without an urgent need to press closer. It’s reassurance of their mutual feelings, and it’s a promise of so much more.
He continued watching the two, amused at their lighthearted banter. Cas moved up to sit on the edge of the couch, concentrating on the screen and biting at his lower lip. Dean's attention was drawn to his friend's mouth. Cas' tongue darted out to wet his full, slightly chapped lips and Dean couldn't force himself to look away. He remembered how surprisingly soft those lips were and how fucking amazing they looked wrapped around his-
“We’re not the only people who live here. What about Kevin? Or
He’s startled by a knock on the front window and a muffled female voice saying, “Hey!”
Cas doesn’t seem convinced but he thankfully doesn’t question it. “Sam and I are going into town for groceries. Would you like to take a break and accompany us?”
“We didn't have-” Dean's words were cut off by the glare Cas shot him. “Alright, yes, I know I kinda rushed things last night and maybe I didn't think everything through, but yesterday was freakin' weird and sexually charged and it's been a
“...Very well,” Cas reached down and popped open the snap on the cock ring just as he pushed into the prostate again. "You've been so good. Come for me, Dean."
Sam scoffed at his rude dismissal and quickly vanished into the other room. He had important text messages and photos to share, anyway.
Cas' cock felt warm and solid in his hand, and Dean licked his lips to prepare them. “I might not be very good at this so just tell me if I do something you don't like.”
Oh god, I did not need to see that.” Dean heard who he was now positive was Sam say.
“Our friends?” Dean asked, joining the conversation and ignoring once again being referred to as Cas' boyfriend.
“That sounds nice,” Cas responded. “The plug stays in though.”
“Oh, Castiel,” Rubin called after them. “You bring that gorgeous tushy back in to see us, okay?
Sam raised his eyebrows. "So your plan is to get Cas drunk and have sex with him?"
“Actually, Portland-,” Sam started before Cas cut him off.
It all suddenly clicked in his mind. He didn't need to watch the video to see the adoration in Cas' eyes because that was the way Cas
Dean startles at Cas' voice and slams the book in front of him shut. “Dammit, don’t sneak up on people.”
Dean tilted his head and looked down at the man laying half on top of him. Cas had his arm draped over the hunter's broad chest, his face buried against his side and all Dean could see was a dark nest of ridiculously tousled hair. Cas mumbled something unintelligible and burrowed closer to the warmth of Dean's body; his morning wood quite evident against Dean leg.
Cas rode out his
“You can't leave me to look by myself,” Dean whined. “You're the research guy. Besides, it's your fault for pissing those chicks off.”
Cas followed, leaving Sam and Kevin behind at the table. They made their way to the bar and each took a seat on a stool at the long counter. It was louder in front than it was back in their booth, but Dean didn't want to be running back and forth all night (or make Suzy) so he decided to put up with the noise. He ordered four shots of whiskey to start with, placing two in front of Cas. "Let's see what your human tolerance is," Dean said and easily downed both of his shots.
” Cas moaned wantonly and threw his head back when Dean took him into his mouth. He raked his fingers through the hunter's hair, gently scratching his scalp and twisting through the short strands.
“Ecstasy,” Sam clarified. “It's not exactly as harmless as they seem to think it is.”
“Don't apologize to them,” Dean snapped, finding his voice again. “They drugged me and Cas and made us do god knows what with each other, all for their own sick amusement. We should be testing them with holy water, not having a polite conversation."
That seemed to be all the hunter needed to hear. Without so much as a warning, he wrapped his lips around the head of Cas' cock and licked at the weeping slit. His hips involuntarily thrust up, breaking Dean's hold on him and pushed his dick a little more into the wet heat of the hunter's mouth. Dean made a muffled sound of encouragement and the vibrations sent waves of pleasure shooting through his entire body. He wasn't sure if it was the act itself or the fact that it was Dean doing it, but he had never felt anything so incredible before. Not even his recent explorations into masturbation, as enjoyable as they were, came close to the intensity and satisfaction of having Dean's mouth on him, surrounding him. It was astonishing.
Cas looked down for a second and shook his head. “I can rein in my urges for a few hours.”
Dean was thrown backwards, losing his gun in the process and crashed into a pile of stacked pallets.
“Tell me if they get uncomfortable,” Cas said soothingly.
“You keep using the same moves, Cas. Quit it!” Kevin complained, annoyed that he couldn't get a hit in and pushed down harder on the buttons.
“Fine,” Sam conceded, turning down the volume until the only noise in the car was from the traffic outside. “Happy?”
While they licked and nibbled at each others lips, Dean put a hand between them to unfasten the other man's
The car served again when his orgasm hit and his vision momentary went white. He corrected quickly and kept them from veering off the road, or into oncoming traffic. A passing semi truck honked its horn and the driver flipped him off as he drove by. Dean hoped the asshole got a good show when he saw the back of Cas' head still bobbing up and down on his dick.
“Nice! One of your sisters?”
classy, by the way, man.”
“Anything coming back?” Sam asked.
“Bummer,” Charlie said and mouthed a silent 'oops' to the brothers. “And you must be Castiel.” She took the ex-angel's hand and not so subtlety checked him out before turning her head to give the older Winchester an approving nod and wink. “I've read tons of stuff about you so it's kind of weird we're finally meeting,” she said, turning back to look at Cas. “From the Supernatural books, of course,” she explained seeing his confused expression. “And some
"Shut up," Dean responded. "At least it got us out of the bunker for a few hours. Next time we'll take a trip to one of the bigger cities, make a weekend out of it."
“Don’t.” Dean wants to pull away, withdraw from Cas’ space, but instead, the grip he has around his friend’s arm tightens.
Rounding a
"You sure about this?" Sam asked. His tone trying to convey he was talking about more than just his brother's choice in bars.
He picked up his phone and leaned back against the headboard with his knees drawn up. He pressed 'replay' on the last video and it started over with him at the hotel watching Cas' attempt to striptease. Cas' shirt came off and Dean watched himself running his hands over his friend's hips and pressing his mouth to the warding tattoo. He thought about wanting to do that before, once or twice when an errant thought escaped before he could quell it. Cas was right; his inhibitions may have been lowered, but Dean knew he meant everything he had said and did the night before. He just didn't know how to say that out loud.
“I'm sure you're thrilled there will no longer be evidence of that night.”
“So, Dean,” Charlie said in a low voice as he handed her a plate. “Pop that gay cherry yet?”
“I was counting on it,” Cas responded with a grin. “I enjoyed watching your reaction.”
It was definitely going to be a good thing (unless Dean screwed it up), and it would be nice to see them both happy. He then realized it was kind of creepy to be in bed, grinning like a goofball over his brother’s sex life so he closed his eyes tried to fall back asleep.
. Dean. Sorry about that,” Rubin said with false sincerity . “So what brings you handsome fellas back in today? If it's the three of you big boys wanting a room, I suggest the deluxe suit. It's the only one with a bed big enough.” He winked.
"Oh." Cas tried to ignore the pounding of his heart and the rush of blood to his groin. "I thought -- I thought perhaps I had misinterpreted the situation."
Mia scoffed. 'Yeah, well, since you drove us here, you better hand over some cash for a cab ride home.'
'Sit in my lap,' the Dean on the recording was saying. He moved back on the bed a little to give the dark haired man more room. 'Like the strippers did to you earlier.'
Kevin was the first to excuse himself from the table, shoving one last buttery dinner roll in his mouth as he headed to his room.
“You should eat, Dean,” the former angel said and the hunter knew it wasn't a request.
Cas thought Dean probably would've found it hilarious, but he was too tired to find any humor in it.
"Move away, Dean."
"Dude, are you serious? I invited you into my bed, I'm in my
His stomach was growling furiously when he finally sauntered into the kitchen, freshly bathed and trying to act as casual as he could considering he currently had a silicone plug shoved up his butt. Sam was at the stove still preparing breakfast while Kevin set the table and Charlie (who recently moved in) and Cas sat together, leaning in close to each other and talking in hushed voices. Dean's eyes narrowed when he saw the giddy expression on the redhead's face and he knew he probably wouldn't like whatever she and Cas were secretly
It had been a long couple of days working his first post-angelic hunt - a particularly difficult salt-n-burn, because of course it was – and he was completely and utterly exhausted by the time the trio made it back to their dingy motel for the night. When he had settled down on the lumpy mattress after a brief shower to rinse off the grim, he was certain he'd be asleep within a matter of minutes. He hadn’t anticipated that he would still be wide awake over two hours later as a result of the noises coming from the other occupant in the room.
“Because no matter what’s gone down between us, you've always had my back, even when I didn't have yours. You've been there when I needed help, risked your life, rebelled from heaven and gave up everything. All for
“Dean, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about them,” Cas says. “Sam was sure you would react poorly, but that’s no excuse.”
Dean's body trembled slightly hearing Cas' deep gravely voice speaking directly in his ear. "Go take a piss then," he responded, patting Cas on the back and pointing to the sign marking the restrooms.
“Uh-huh,” Sam raised an eyebrow. “Thought you said it wasn't a big deal?”
“Dammit, Cas, that's what I'm trying to do right now,” Dean responded. Cas' head tilted in confusion and Dean decided that since he was pretty sure he already knew the answer, there was no point in waiting on Cas' stubborn ass to say it.
“I don’t understand,” Cas says with a furrowed brow.
He glanced over at the other bed. The cell phone illuminated the room in a pale bluish light and he could see Sam laying on his side, facing away from him. His phone vibrated again.
traces of ozone that was so uniquely
“I don't think that would be advisable,” Cas said after short consideration. “It seems dangerous.”
But it would explain why they’ve been so chummy lately.
Cas removed his hand and used it to push Dean on the bed. He went down on his back and Cas finished removing the hunter's pants and boxers, exposing his aching cock to the cool air of the room. With reckless abandon, he threw the jeans across the room, knocking over a lamp. If either noticed, they didn't show it. Cas leaned over and pushed their mouths
“Dean,” Cas said, his voice completely wrecked. “I'm going to – I'm – close.”
went.”
Maybe there was hope for them.
"Hold on," Dean replied and leaned over to switch on the lamp next to the bed. At least, Castiel assumed that was what Dean intended to do. Instead of the room filling with light, there was a loud crash and the sound of glass shattering.
Dean's face reddened. "Uh, just makin' sure you don't go in lookin' all frumpy," he said and shot a glare at his brother and Kevin. He looked back at Cas and gestured to the top two buttons of his shirt. "Unbutton it." Cas looked down at his shirt, but before he could do as instructed, Dean stepped forward, well into what he used to tell Cas was "personal space" and proceeded to make the adjustments.
Cas pulled the finger from his mouth with a wet pop. "My apologies. I seem to have
"Wha'?" he responded. He was barely managing to focus on anything other than his approaching orgasm and he didn't understand why Dean insisted on having a conversation about his fantasies when reality was
Well, that was just a can of worms he really didn't want to open.
Dean ignores Cas’ response and focuses on his brother. “I bet you know all about what he wants.”
“Nope, all good in here,” Dean responded, throwing on a clean pair of boxers. “Just felt good to wash off all that sweat. I'll be out in a minute so you can jump in.”
“Cas,” Dean started, taking a quick glance at his friend. “You understand how weird this is, right?” He set his phone on the bed and ran a hand over his face. “I mean, our lives are never even a little normal, but this,” he pointed to the phone, “is seriously messed up.”
had been making, but the sound of a soft chuckle pulled his attention to the man in bed with him. Dean was looking back at him, a wide smile on his face and eyes shining bright in the sunlight. "If our sex noises offend you, Sammy," Dean said without taking his eyes off of the ex-angel, "you might wanna make yourself scarce for an hour or so." He raised his eyebrows suggestively and Cas nodded back enthusiastically.
Dean's neglected cock pulsed and he rolled his hips back to push into the vibrator. He rubbed Cas' thighs and lifted his head up to place a kiss on each one before wrapping a strong hand around the solid length. Cas lowered to give Dean better access and settled his knees between his head. Bringing his mouth up, Dean swiped his tongue across the tip to collect the beads of precome that were seeping out. He angled his head and licked up the underside of the swollen shaft before fitting his lips over Castiel's impressive girth.
“Dean, I’m-“
As it turned out, there wasn't much to the plan really and since Dean considered himself a pro at picking up chicks, he concluded the simplicity of it is what made it foolproof. With a little nudge and perhaps more than a little alcohol, it wouldn't be too difficult to accomplish. After all, Cas may be awkward and socially inept, but he was hardly unpleasant to look at - for a dude - with his lean body, big blue eyes and full pouty lips...
He slips back into the Impala and begins the short journey home.
'All for you,' Dean responded, planting gentle kisses along his collarbone. '
Dean nodded in agreement. "We should get outta here before someone calls the cops."
get through one meal without you being gross?" Sam said, not at all surprised his brother could, or would, turn Christmas dinner into a sexual activity. "The turkey's great, Cas,” he added, partly because it was true, but mostly to distract the ex-angel, who was leering at Dean's lips and seemed to be only seconds away from ripping off his clothes and mounting him. “...Uh, good job."
“Did you say 'holy water'?” the redhead asked, eying her taser on the ground.
"It seems some of us did more than others," Cas said, peering over the hunter's shoulder at the table piled with the uncovered leftovers Dean had yet to put away.
"It's fine Dean," Sam said. "With any luck I'll hook up with someone and won't even have to come back tonight. Just enjoy your birthday and try not to leave your clothes all over the bunker."
Dean's room was mostly dark, with a faint orange glow from the street lamp outside peaking through a gap in the curtains. Cas glanced around briefly before his eyes landed on the hunter in front of him. Even in the low light he could see that Dean was stripped down to nothing but dark boxer briefs and a tight fitting t-shirt -- practically naked compared to the many layers he usually wore to bed. He was suddenly very grateful for the lack of light in the small room. He really didn't think Dean would appreciate his leering.
Sam quickly explained how Dean and Cas and been drugged, robbed and had no memory of anything that happened, including their sex toy buying spree.
“Yeah, everything up to where you guys kicked Lucifer's ass and saved the world. With some minor tweaking, it would've made a decent end to the series.”
Dean sat up and reached out to pull him closer. Cas' jeans were loose and hung low - the defined V line of his hips stood out magnificently – and Dean's fingers traced over the black ink of the Enochian warding tattoo. 'This okay?'
“Shit, sorry,” Dean said wincing. “I got carried away. You okay?”
Dean laughed bitterly at the irony and glanced over at Cas. The former angel was staring at the two retreating rednecks as if they were the least intelligent beings he'd ever encountered and they should be squashed from existence immediately. “You can have this piece of shit town, asshat,” Dean called after them and nudged Cas towards the car. Every impulse was telling Dean to stay and fight, to prove his manhood, but the instinct to protect Cas (despite the fact the ex-angel could hold his own) took over and he forced himself to walk away. He was still fuming when they drove off a few minutes later.
Dean moaned softly and roll his head back to rest on Cas' shoulder. “You're gonna make me come in my shorts.”
“Yes,” Cas set a small box containing a cock ring down, “but this time we won't have your brother shouting at us through the walls.”
“No,” Dean scoffed. “'Course not. Jeez, Sammy, have a little faith in me.”
It’s later that evening when Cas starts to excuse himself for the second time during an episode of
would be going inside him sometime soon.
“I was thinking we’d hit up the bar,” Dean says. “Have a few drinks and teach Cas to hustle pool. Meet some ladies,” he adds and throws a suggestive wink to the former angel, who frowns unimpressed. “See where the night takes us.”
And why they spent an extra two days in Iowa, like it was a romantic weekend getaway.
," Dean panted. "Need you...in me."
“Actually, I was going to ask what an anal plug is used for,” Cas said to Sam as the younger Winchester turned to leave.
. Dean closed his eyes, inhaling the arousing scent and let his fingers slip under the front of Cas' shirt.
Dean determined his friend had not yet been given the chance to experience the good aspects of humanity, and that was something he was going to rectify.
Sam snorted again. This time, it was loud enough that he startled himself and awoke with a jerk.
for your birthday," Cas said casually. "So I watched several i
“Yeah, man, I did,” Dean answered. “I'm sorry-”
"Gotta work on the romance, buddy," Dean jokes half-heartedly. Cas ignores him and pulls off both boots before swiftly standing and forcing Dean to lie down.
“I can speak for myself,” Cas interrupts as he stands suddenly and pushes back from the table. “I have no interest in going out tonight, Dean, however I understand that you become...
When they get to Dean’s room, Sam waits in the safety of the hallway outside the door while Cas helps the older Winchester to bed and methodically begins unlacing his boots.
“I'll be fine,” Dean assured him.
Cas strokes him from the base to the tip and Dean’s cock throbs as he pushes into the fist surrounding him. Heat pools in his gut, the dual sensation of having Cas in him and around him, making his release imminent. It only takes a few more jerks and Dean’s back is arching off the mattress and his orgasm hits with a guttural moan, come shooting out to land on his chest and stomach. Cas’ motions slow as he works Dean through it, milking out the last few drops and letting them trickle down his fingers.
“Dammit, Cas, I told you I
for you.'
“Just drive,” Dean said. “And stop encouraging him.”
“No,” he answered slowly, mentally cursing Cas for being so stone-faced. “My foot was hurting there for a minute, that's all.”
"You're not serious," Sam says, eyeing his clearly unwell brother from a safe distance across the map table. "Dean, you can barely stand on your own."
good."
The ex-angel let out a stuttered moan and gripped the hunter's hips to pull out before sliding back in with one quick motion. He started slow, sinking in more with each push until he was fully sheathed. He leaned forward, pressing flush against Dean's back, clutching the table for purchase while he rocked his hips and built up a steady rhythm.
“I told you!” Dean said smugly. “Freakin'
Cas smiled despite his foul mood and typed a response. The elder Winchester was in the adjacent room and it was just like Dean to worry about his health. It was also just like Dean to text him in the middle of the night to say "I told you so" but Cas didn't want to start another debate over how he could possibly get sick by removing his coat and flannel when he was hot and sweating profusely from digging up graves.
, Cas."
Cas nods. “Yes, well, I suppose you could say it put me off tea for a while.”
Sam could do whatever he wanted, but Dean was determined to meet a couple of girls and get himself and Cas laid that night. It would prove to the universe, once and for all, that Dean Winchester was exclusively chicks, not dicks. He'd just have to make sure they didn't drink too much and have a repeat of last time.
“It was...good,” Cas responded. “Maybe you could do better?”
Of course, being his baby brother, Sam continues to needle him. “You guys kissed.”
"It's warm in here," Dean offered as an explanation, even though they both knew it was a lie. Dean's hand moved up Cas' leg to tug on the waistband of his pajama pants in a silent question and Cas didn't hesitate to grant him permission. His shirt went next, leaving them both in nothing but their underwear.
Cas barely opened one eye to peek at the hunter for a second then closed it again. “You could give me a
distracting," he chided. Then, in lieu of a hand towel he proceeded to dry his hands on the hunter's shirt.
Dean watched as Cas stroked the beer bottle, in an almost pornographic way, which did nothing to ease the growing bulge in his pants. If he didn't know any better he'd accuse Cas of deliberately teasing him just to be a jerk. That was a ridiculous notion though. Cas didn't know what he was doing, and Dean told himself that he was
Because
“Could’ve dropped them at a shelter.”
“You don't have to, Dean,” Cas spat and went to grab his duffel, packing up his dirty clothes. “If you're not ready to be honest about your feelings, I know I can't force you into accepting them, or yourself. I meant everything I said though and I think you did as well.” He slung the bag over his shoulder and moved to the door.
“I'm fine, Dean,” Cas assured, his face a bright shade of red. “I’m used to your inability to see what’s right in front of you.”
Cas sat up and stared at the hunter (who was still glaring daggers at the now closed door), unsure of what to do. He was still naked, they both were, and he wondered if he should get up and get dressed. Dean had made it clear the night before that he didn't want his brother to know that they had shared a bed. He wasn't sure if the events that took place after had changed anything or if Dean would be angry that he didn't make it back to his room before Sam noticed he was missing. He was momentarily spared from having to make a decision when the adjoining door flew open again and Sam reappeared.
“Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't we already cross that line last night?”
“What do you want, Dean? I was 'on a roll',” Cas said, using air quotes – which Dean knew he now only did to annoy him – and refused to sit down when Dean gestured to the bed.
“Nope. I didn't get their names or anything, sorry.”
Despite Dean's protests, Sam decided they should head to the address written on the back of the adult shop receipt. With the Impala missing and no other clues as to what happened to it, or who drugged them, it really was the most logical place to start.
“I haven't brushed my teeth."
"Pleeease, Dean." Cas looked at him, through long dark lashes, with those goddamn puppy dog eyes and Dean knew he was fucked.
Sam exhales loudly, makes an exaggerated gesture that Dean guesses means “you see?” and stalks off. Presumably to find a towel.
Dean’s startled from his distressing thoughts and whips around to find Kevin looking at him like
“I don’t have grace, but I’m not technically human either,” Cas corrects him. “Although the ability is severely muted, it appears that the nature of my trueform allows me to detect other forms of supernatural energy.”
"Fuck yeah, I do."
“Yeah, and that didn't look like you were in pain,” Kevin commented with a mouthful of eggs.
“What did I tell you?”
. Dean couldn't believe he let it get that far. He wanted to ignore it, repress it, push it deep within the crevices of his mind. He actually thought he could at first, but it came back to punch him in the gut halfway through lunch. No, it wasn't something he was going to easily sweep under the rug and that scared the crap out of him.
Dean ended up leaving the waitress a very generous tip and once they were back in the privacy of the car, Cas rewarded him by pulling him into a heated kiss.
“On second thought, I don't wanna know,” the prophet muttered.
Dean's face went red. He couldn't deny it, wouldn't want to now, but it was still embarrassing. “We're never speaking of this again.”
"Sorry Cas," Sam said anyway. He really had been aiming for Dean. "But seriously guys,
She arched an eyebrow. “Not an expert, but if foot injuries are involved, I think you guys are doing it wrong.”
“Good,” Dean said and scooted back so their bodies were flat against each other. He would never admit it, but it had become his favorite position to fall asleep in over the four weeks they had been sharing a bed. “Would'a got it for you.”
“You guys seriously need to work on your smack talk,” Sam said amused. “I play winner.”
“Alright, how ‘bout we take the night off?” Dean suggests after they’ve been at it for hours and he hadn’t noticed anything that would confirm his suspicion. Time to try a different tactic.
“When we did
“You didn't happen to bring a condom with you by chance, did you?” he asked, having it only just occur to him that he didn't keep any in his room because they weren't allowed to bring hookups to the bunker.
“Cut it out,” Dean snapped as the two made their way down the darkened hallway. “I wasn't being
Dean probed around until he found the bundle of nerves and pressed on it again. Cas let out a cry of pleasure and repeatedly pushed down on Dean's fingers, hitting the sweet spot every time.
“Explain what, Dean?”
Cas pulled away and stared at the hunter. “You're very confusing.”
Cas' tongue poked out and slowly swiped over his chapped bottom lip. Dean tracked the movement and licked his own lips.
Kevin sounds less than happy about the whole arrangement and Dean glances up after taking a tentative sip. "You know he's human now. He can't actually smite you."
He had only counted to four when Sam snorted in his sleep. Cas' eyes snapped open and he let out an annoyed sigh. He wasn't sure what protocol was for this type of situation. Was it acceptable to wake the other person and demand they sleep more quietly? Was that even reasonable? Would Sam be angry?
“Yeah,” Dean agreed to whatever Cas was going to say. “We should do that again.”
“Yes,” he admits. “Sorry about that.”
Cas' hand emerged from the bag holding a small white box. Sam barely read the words
“Like what?”
"Clean. It. Up!" Sam ordered angrily, turning to flee the hallway and muttering about
I meant it. I love you, Cas.”
They will talk tomorrow.
“Cas told you,” Dean states. At least that part is over with. Now he braces for the fallout.
Dean jumped as Cas' voice came through the bathroom door. “...Yeah?”
Sam's eyes lit up and his smug grin returned as he mouthed the words "lovemaking" and "aww" to his brother. Dean muttered something that sounded like "fuck my life" and buried his face in his hands - which only seemed to amuse his brother more. When Sam finally realized that Cas was still waiting for him to respond he cleared his throat and said, "Yeah, Cas, you guys were really freakin' loud. I thought you were fighting at first and was about to come in here to see what was going on, but then I heard-" he shivered, obviously not wanting to remember exactly what it is he overheard. "Of course I couldn't sleep after that. I'm
dreams.
Cas frowned. “Do you really believe that or is it an excuse you're hiding behind?”
Cas smiled satisfied and
Great! Now Cas blames himself even though Dean was the one initiating the whole thing. Dean took a deep breath and exhaled before turning to look directly at the brunet. “You don't need to apologize, Cas. This wasn't your fault. If anything, it's mine.”
“Well, for starters, there's more to romantic relationships than whether or not the sex stuff is good.” Dean was startled, never having thought he'd say those words and actually mean them. “I think I know how you feel about me, and I care about you, but I'm not exactly sure what I want right now. I need some time to figure that out.”
to talk to and help him work out certain things he's feeling right now."
wants to hear their brother and best friend having sex. Ever."
His jaw immediately dropped.
Not that Cas has any reason to be upset, in the hunter’s opinion. He's the dumbass who threw himself between Dean and the pointy end of an angel blade and nearly got himself killed. Again. It doesn’t matter that the demon holding said weapon was an incompetent oaf, and even with limited power Cas is still an angel and was able to easily deflect the blade and redirect it into the demon's gut.
“What do you wanna do, Dean?” Sam questioned his understandably angry, but irrational brother. “They're human, so we can't kill them, and we sure as hell can't go to the police about it. It's not right what they did, but like Cas said, we're alive and the car is fine. Why are you letting this bother you so much?”
He sends another message.
“So, what are we doing tonight?” Dean asked after spending a few minutes trying to come up with a way to lessen the tension between them. He went to his bed and flopped down on top of the stained and scratchy bedspread. “Let's go out.”
“He’s not you, Dean!” Sam snaps back. “Stop trying to force things on him he doesn’t want.”
“Yeah Sam,” she said innocently. "This bacon is delicious."
When Cas' grip on him slipped, Dean wrapped his legs around Cas' neck, crossing his ankles behind his head. Cas took the opportunity to suck on the skin of his calves while he pounded into him, building more momentum with each thrust.
Dean was having a difficult time paying attention to the road and when Cas activated the plug without warning the Impala nearly swerved into a ditch.
“I'm here,” Dean spoke up from behind them. He was on his knees, reaching under a rack and pulled back with his gun in hand and a victorious smile on his face. “Next time one of
“I read that it could,” Cas answered apologetically and removed them at the same time.
“Yeah, it's a guy thing,” Dean said nervously. He did not want to be thinking about Cas waking up hard every day. “It's one of those things we don't talk about.
Dean reluctantly pushes Cas' hands away from his face so he can turn and cough in his brother's direction. "
“Fucking hell, Cas,” Dean couldn't stop the blush he got at the memory of the very unangelic things Cas had done to him. “Obviously I, y'know,
His legs felt weak so he leaned on the wall to keep himself steady. When he came down from his orgasm a few moments later the reality of what he had just done set in. “Shit, shit,
what I mean." Dean could feel the heat in his cheeks and knew he was blushing, but hoped Sam wouldn't notice in the dim light of the hallway. "Besides, technically, I always buy his dinner, bitch."
“Don’t matter if you’re havin’ a rough go of it,” she scolds. “There ain’t no reason to make your crap someone else's problem.”
Dean quickly typed and hit send, not bothering to fix the typos. He turned the ringer off and shoved the phone in his back pocket. “Let's go,” he said grabbing the keys and ushering Cas out of the room.
When they got back to Lebanon, Dean decided to make a quick stop at the town's only gas station before heading to the bunker. Cas went inside to pick up some beer while Dean put in the gas. He was crouching down behind the Impala, filling up the tank, when he heard someone whistle approvingly and a gruff voice comment that it was a “badass car.”
Dean scoffed. “Outta the two of us, which is the only one that's actually done this before and knows what he's talking about?"
"Not yet," Cas cooed. "I have a surprise."
. Did sex typically involve so much dialogue? "Dean, what?" He said impatiently when the hunter's grinding suddenly halted.
“That’s why we decided to bring them back to the bunker instead of taking them to the rescue,” Sam says. “I think being able to save the other two has given Cas a sense of purpose.”
Sam shook his head in disbelief. “I'm actually not going to continue this conversation.” He stood up from the table and shut his laptop. “And if you're going to look for that video you better use your own computer to do it.”
cream." He winked at Cas and took another bite of pie.
"Dr. Sexy!" Dean screamed. "You're my sexy fucking doctor."
One not entirely full bottle of cheap whiskey hardly qualifies as a
It’s past dinner time already, so once he gets the tv room set up he calls in a takeout order to Lebanon’s only pizza place - which is technically a gas station that happens to sell pizza – and goes to find Cas.
Dean could actually hear the bastard smirking.
Dean surged forward, putting a hand around the nape of Cas' neck and pushed their lips together. Cas stood still, his body tense and made no attempt to reciprocate the kiss. Dean pulled away, hoping he hadn't just fucked up again.
"Dude, you're taking a piss, not getting a blowjob," Dean said, tucking himself back in his pants and avidly not thinking about Cas and blowjobs at the same time. "Don't make noises like that around other people, it's weird." He left the stall and went to the sink to wash his hands.
“Oh.” Dean wondered how often and how long Cas had thought about fucking him. “I am, Cas. Whatever you wanna do, I'm ready.”
not suspicious. “Whatcha do there?" Dean asks.
“Dammit, I hate my life,” Kevin mumbled as the over-sized Winchester and redhead laughed at his misfortune. He hoped Dean and Castiel would be considerate enough to wash their own spunk soaked sheets, but he knew he'd never be so lucky.
"Not your fault, Kev," Dean said. "You don't need to apologize because those douchebags got the wrong idea."
“I really
“Good,” Sam said relieved, shutting off the machine and climbing out. “Where's Dean?”
Cas doesn’t comment on the fact that Dean watched a season and a half of the show without him. Instead, he says, “Do you want me to leave?” He shifts uncomfortably where his back is pressed against the door. “The bunker,” he clarifies.
However, he didn’t expect to see Kevin in there as well. “You knew about this?” he asks the prophet, who is currently hunched over a wooden crate staring down into the nest of blankets inside.
Cas wrapped a hand around Dean's dick and pumped a few times as he pushed in a little more. Dean moaned in pleasure so Cas thrust in deeper until he was completely
“I was tired, dude,” Dean grumbled. He yanked the carafe away from a his brother, who was doing a terrible job at containing his laughter and filled his cup. “And maybe I just like it when you play doctor with me, Cas,” he added suggestively.
Dean arched and eyebrow. “I hope you washed them at least.”
Cas' movement sped up, slamming his hips and sliding his hand down to cup Dean's balls, kneading gently in contrast to his hard thrusts. Dean cried out in pleasure, unable to hold it in and pushed back to take Castiel's cock in deeper. Cas made a strangled noise as he lost his rhythm and pumped faster, sucking angry red marks on the hunter's neck.
“What do you mean?”
"Why?"
Dean agreed it would be the most comfortable position and leaned over until his chest pressed flat against the top of the table with his ass in the air. Cas picked up the oil again, spreading it liberally around the hunter's stretched hole then thoroughly coated his cock. Cas shifted behind him and Dean expected to feel him at his entrance, but the former angel went lower, slipping his dick between Dean's legs instead. The rigid muscle slid over his perineum and nudged his scrotum before pulling back and sliding forward again. Dean's own cock twitched when the head of Cas' pressed into his balls and he squeezed his legs together thinking Cas was going to fuck his thighs. The ex-angel thrust forward a few more times then pulled back.
Rolling his (lust blown) eyes, the former angel moved back down to settle between the hunter's bowed legs. The two men gazed at each other for several moments, only breaking when Dean bucked his hips upwards when the vibrator massaged his prostate. “God, Cas, will ya hurry up and fuck me already?”
Dean sat dumbfounded. He wasn't completely sure what Cas was saying, but the word "regret" was easy enough to understand. He felt a conflicting sense of relief and disappointment wash over him. He knew he should be comforted knowing his friend's feelings towards him were strictly platonic. Not that he thought Cas was harboring a big gay love for him in the first place, but to have it confirmed made Dean feel somehow worse about the internal crisis he was having. He swallowed the lump in his throat and turned away from the former angel. “Good. Me too.”
Dean didn't bother knocking on Cas' door- he was in the middle of a life changing epiphany, there was no time for unnecessary courtesy - he grabbed the doorknob and pushed it open. Cas looked up from a chair by the window and set the book he was reading on the table.
the soft suede strips down on Dean's chest then
"Dean, the instructions I found on the internet were very precise,” Cas scolded. “You won't enjoy it if it's dry."
Cas smiled at the complement and took another bite, savoring the taste of the thick, sweet filling and licking the fork clean. He looked up to find Dean gawking at him with his mouth agape and lust filled green eyes. Quickly glancing sideways to confirm that Sam was focused on eating his own dessert, Castiel used his finger to scoop up some of the whipped cream that topped his slice and brought it up to his mouth. Making sure Dean was still watching, he slowly licked the finger bottom to tip before wrapping his full lips around it and sucking off the remaining cream.
“Uh, Dean?”
“How wonderful,” Cas huffed. He quickly pulled on his shoes and went to wait by the door.
Dean stomped by him and slammed the door shut without a word. Less than ten minutes later he stormed out again, throwing his soiled clothes and wet towel next to his bed.
"intimately expressing their feelings for one another" that he enjoyed so much. Dean wasn't sure what the difference was and since Cas happened to be in the middle of fucking him into the mattress at the time, he didn't ask him to elaborate.
“Yeah, so Sam told you about Tampa and that damn video?”
“My ass is gonna be numb for a week,” Dean said when the ex-angel made it go even faster.
He passes the semi on his way back to the Impala and flips off the crazy driver. She retaliates by blaring her horn and scaring the shit out of him.
*Fun fact: There really is a Rainbow Cabaret bathhouse in Tampa. Other than the description of the actual building my portrayal of it is entirely fictional.
Dean's eyes opened and he heaved an exhausted sigh. He was about to climb out of bed to bring his needy angel some damn water when Cas held him back and laughed softly. “I wasn't serious.”
Cas immediately deleted the awful photo. He never understood why human beings insisted on turning themselves into colorful abominations when the world was already so full of monsters.
shirt and well-worn jeans were adequate enough for such a happening. It's not like Dean ever wore anything besides denim and an unnecessary amount of layers anyway. Who was he to talk?
of quick deep
“Don't see his faggy boyfriend either,” Terry added.
Not wanting it to end too quickly, he let Cas fuck his mouth a few more moments then pulled off with a wet pop. Cas made a noise that was half whine-half growl and hauled Dean back up to his feet to crush their mouths together. Dean parted his lips to let Cas in and the angel wasted no time seeking out the taste of himself on the hunter's tongue. They stayed locked in a heated kiss as Cas moved them backwards until the back of Dean's thighs hit the edge of table. When they broke apart for air, Cas hurriedly pulled off Dean's t-shirt (thankful the hunter had forgone wearing his usual layers) and opened the fly on his jeans. Dean groaned, excited by Cas' eagerness and helped him out of his shirt. Their bare chests pressed together when their lips met again and Dean rocked his hips into the other man.
Dean felt the sudden stillness inside when the vibrator shut off. It was both a relief and a disappointment after being stimulated for so long. Cas slid the device out painfully slow and set it aside, satisfied it had done its job. He grabbed the lube and squeezed a generous amount into his palm, rubbing it around to warm it up before working it over his already spit slick cock. Dean watched as Cas stroked himself, spreading the clear liquid to thoroughly coat every inch. When he had applied enough lubrication to himself, Cas spread more around Dean's entrance, pushing some inside with his fingers.
"Yes." Cas moved one arm to wrap around Dean's waist and held them tightly together while he buried his cock in the hunter's ass. "It's red an - and white - with a- fuzzy ball at the end," he said breathlessly between thrusts.
“I don't wanna know,” Sam responded, shaking his head.
The brunette nodded, but didn't look convinced. “Whatever. If we're done here, Shelby and I need to start getting ready to open.”
“I told you already, I want this.” Dean pressed another kiss to the corner of his mouth. “And no matter what, you're not going to lose me. We're family, man.” He kissed down Cas' cheek to whisper in his ear. “Just not literally family because then
“Fucking hell, Cas, turn it off,” Dean spit out. His head fell forward to rest on the steering wheel and he blindly reached out for the other man's hand and brought it to his crotch. “I can't drive like this, man,” he thrust his hips into Cas' palm and groaned desperately.
Dean's eyes went wide when he realized what it was and he subtly shook his head as Cas' thumb pressed down on the power button. He had no time to prepare before the plug was activated again and started vibrating against his walls; thankfully at a much lower setting than before, but no less pleasurable. He bit down on his bottom lip, however it wasn't enough to hold in his surprised gasp and subsequent whimper.
She sat up and straightened her back. “Right. So as I was saying, in the Supernatural books, there's a lot of subtext – of the homoerotic kind – and it was especially obvious after you met Castiel.” She paused waiting for Dean to argue and when he didn't, she went on. “You clearly want to talk this out, and you
Sam narrowed his eyes. "Cas has been through a lot, Dean. You know he blames himself for the angels falling. He blames himself for pretty much everything for that matter, and your solution is to teach him how to get shit-faced?"
, setting the gun on the nightstand. He yawned and looked over at the other bed: empty. With the faint light from the streetlamp coming through the window, he could also see that the car keys were still on the table. Dean obviously hadn’t been back. The clock showed it was after three in the morning.
Charlie rolled her eyes. “Dean, I've read the books, you can't bullshit me.”
“I don't think so,” Sam replied annoyed. “I'm the one that's gonna be stuck in a car with the two of you for the next eighteen hours, so either talk to me about it or go to Cas right now and resolve it.”
“How's your ass feel?”
"No," Dean answered lightly and moved closer so he could slide one of his legs between Castiel's. "I want you to do better."
“It might be slightly coercive,” she agreed. “Choice is yours Winchester. Start talking or I go show those boys my mad gamer skills.”
. Or at least keep it down." He glanced around the room, eyeing the discarded articles of clothing, then frowned at the broken lamp as if it had personally offended him. "Seriously," he added, "
Sam quickly responded:
“How?” Dean asks. “Thought you were human now.”
“Son of a bitch!”
contributing factor for your preoccupation with solely choosing female partners. I however, have spent a majority of my existence as a multidimensional wavelength of pure light and energy. I am completely indifferent to gender and the ridiculous limits human's have placed on sexuality.”
Several heads turned to look at the newcomers. They weren't used to strangers and the three thirty-something white guys and an Asian kid that didn't look old enough to vote were definitely strangers. The bartender nodded at them politely then went back to rearranging some bottles on the shelf behind the counter.
“I wanted to tell you that Charlie thinks she can get that video of us deleted,” the hunter told him and decided that if Cas wasn't going to sit down then neither would he.
...That was until Sam woke them up two hours later by knocking on the door and received a simultaneous “fuck off” from both men.
Rubin held up his hand to stop the question before it was asked. “No, we don't know who the girls were or where they went.
Cas blinked and slowly sat up. Dean's eyes followed as the sheet slid down and draped over his erection, exposing some of the dark curly hair above his groin. If Cas noticed he was naked and rock hard in front of the brothers, he wasn't bothered by it. He finished the water and handed the empty bottle back to the hunter looking just as confused as Dean was. Dean shook his head, answering the question that hadn't even been asked. “You remember anything?”
Dean realizes, and he doesn’t hesitate to close the gap once more. Cas sighs as he melts into the kiss.
“Yeah, and never being able to stay in one place didn't help either,” he said regretfully. “There was only one time I ever tried making something work and even then it was forced. I ended up running back to ganking monsters with Sam the first chance I got.” He swallowed the guilt down and remembered that Lisa and Ben were better off without him around, anyway. “In the hunting life it's dangerous to get too close to people, y'know? It always ends with someone you care about being dead.”
“Goddamn you're a freak.” Dean pulled Cas in for an open mouth kiss, moving them back to the wall. He slotted one of his legs between the ex-angel's and ground his erection into Cas' thigh. He trailed his mouth down to kiss under Cas' chin, relishing the smooth, freshly shaven skin. Cas had gone all out if he went through the trouble of remembering how a damn razor worked. Cas moaned contently as Dean kissed around his neck and Dean took it as further encouragement to keep rutting against him. While the brunet was distracted, Dean slipped his fingers into Cas' pocket and stealthily pulled out the controller for the plug. He didn't think Cas should be wielding such power over him. He dropped it in his own pocket and continued to grind his hips and suck on his neck.
“Uh-huh, I figured,” she said trying to keep the wariness out of her voice. Emotionally constipated people could be so exhausting. “Are you attracted to him? And before you deny it, remember I know you already slept with him.”
“Why do you always assume
Dean pushed himself back with every thrust forward, slamming against Cas' bucking hips. A low, deep groan escaped Cas' lips and Dean knew the angel was about to abandon all pretense of control. Cas slid his hands up Dean's legs and held on to his ankles as he spread Dean further and propelled forward, going impossibly deeper.
Cas set the box on the dresser and used his pocket knife to slice through the tape and open it. He peeked inside and smiled. “You're
, Mr. Winchester."
to say it was better not knowing and that they could go back to the way things were. That's what he told himself, anyway, but a part of him knew it wasn't true. He
Of course Castiel noticed those things, but at the time assumed Dean was just being overly considerate of his feelings after having his grace so brutally ripped from him.
“Is that the only reason you're doing this?” Cas asked, a slight panic to his voice. “You don't owe me anything, and if you did, this is not how I would want to be repaid.”
sexual tension was such a bad thing. At least back then all he had to deal with was awkward eye-sex.
Sam’s gentle voice conflicts with the disturbing images in Dean’s mind and he doesn’t stick around to hear more. He swings by the tv room to grab the bottle of Jack Daniels he left there and heads to the garage.
the one acting weird.
Mia agreed. 'Still, they're super hot and we can always have fun watching.'
“I may have had to walk you through it some, but yeah.” She grinned happily. “Good talk though.”
“I supposed it does,” Cas replied. “Since I've known you.”
“E?” Cas asked confused.
"Get on the bed," Cas ordered and went to his side of the dresser to
