He is idling scrolling through the email account attached to his blog, which hasn't been updated in ages. After everything they've gone through, he concludes he doesn't want his life on display anymore. In fact, on a recent whim he decided to delete Facebook and Instagram. He barely ever posted on Facebook, having created one after coming back from Afghanistan because Harry told him it was a good tool to keep up with people at arm's length. Mary had been the one to convince him to create Instagram, initially to post their pictures at dates - most times she did it herself.
Luckily the boy is not whiny or hysterical. He makes some sore faces but otherwise the process is quick. They sit at his table again while John prescribes his home treatment. Basically ice pack or cold compresses until the swelling diminishes, sleep with his head high, ibuprofen if it hurts too much, avoid contact sports for at least six weeks.
He talks to the solicitor about selling their house. Sherlock is incredibly bored through everything, but stays quiet, typing fast on his phone. He understands the application is being led delicately to avoid revealing information on him and Sherlock. Magnussen isn't mentioned, but John knows Mycroft is working to keep it unrevealed during the process. The folder Sherlock showed him at the hospital, many months ago, comes in hand.
He looks down, frowning at his feet. John interlinks their fingers, maintaining eye contact until he looks back up. 'I just feel it hasn't been much fun anymore, since I came back.'
Sherlock is frowning but he has his thinking face on. John blinks at her. ‘Ahn, she doesn’t consume that much coffee, so it was never a problem. But she has been feeling nausea these days, perhaps is the nerves.’
'Yes, I'm very much aware. But you're wrong. I'm not ashamed of being in the spectrum if that's what you mean. I "throw the sociopath card" so people don't treat me like you do. That's what people like you do, try to coddle like we're inadequate and incompetent. You know something, Mycroft? I'm anything but. So would you please STOP?'
As usual, not betaed not brit-picked not first language, any mistakes feel free to correct (and explain)!
‘Let’s cut caffeine in general.’ he replies, checking roughly for the temperature with a hand on her brow. ‘Unless it’s chamomile tea.’ he gets up and goes to the bathroom.
He gets up and stretches his hand to help John get up. 'You need a profession on your own, and we're going to find it together.'
John scrapes off the last spoonful, and waits for her to finish the previous one. 'Yes, thankfully. I think I'll try carrots tomorrow.'
He lifts out the towel and tosses it on the floor. Oh yes. The Butt. He actually rises on his elbow to take a look. It have felt like forbidden land to be explored since he almost got a glimpse of them at Buckingham Palace. The fine cut of his trousers always accentuates the roundness and it
A case of stolen documents normally wouldn't rank even a 4 on their system, but as Sherlock learned a young woman's career would be forever ruined thanks to the jealousy of her male flatmate, he set them on the run. In fact, the time-sensitive nature of the case makes them literally run around the city the whole day. They find out the flatmate was already at the train station, so Sherlock steals a bus to get them there before the 7pm train.
Nausea finally gives in after it's already dark outside and inside, and he goes down to the living room. He uses the toilet, drinks a glass of water, and collects an expired canned soup he finds at the cupboard behind a jar of pig's fetus. He manages half of it and goes back to bed.
'A waltz for John and Mary.' she states thoughtfully. 'Lovely of him. I still have the scores he left at the reception. Such a shame he is… like that.'
'John, fetch me those pyjama trousers.' he complies, while Mycroft sighs. 'So basically I'm confined
What are you thinking about this? You can comment, or talk to me on tumblr! I'd love that! username thanks-mike-stamford
Sherlock stalks to the window and makes a melodramatic face just in time for John to hear footsteps on the stairs. His guess proves correct as Mycroft appears on the hallway, classic three-piece suit and umbrella in hand. 'No need for furor, brother dear. I came with good news to you.'
The thing is, he tries to rationalize it later, in two days he went from married and expecting a daughter to living in 221B again with no expectations of a child and having a murderous ex-wife (is it ex if technically his marriage never existed?) who is probably presently being sent to a psychiatric prison in Hungary, but not before trying to kill his current…
'Yes, but still working. Talking to people in the same situation, hearing about problems from unusual channels, solving those problems and receiving back favours. My work was becoming solid, cocaine could mask the hunger. Mycroft found me six months later by chance, agreed to pay rent for a little while if I kicked out the drugs and came back working for him. I rejected the job. Freelance is what truly works for me. Trying to let go cocaine was a bit harder, but I met Lestrade at the time, in a crime scene. Saw the potential of giving consultations applying all my knowledge. The only issue was that he refused to even talk to me if I was high. So I went to rehab once more, and after that back to London to work fully as you know. Getting more and more clients, and finally a career reputation.'
He is gathering up the courage to clean the days-old vomit when his phone rings. He answers without even looking at the screen, thinking Sherlock had come back home already. 'Yes, hello?'
He removes his hand, but Sherlock remains quiet. He waits. Eventually, Sherlock sighs. 'Why do you want me to say it?' he asks, frowning at John's shoulder.
The balcony has a breakfast table, and is situated right in front of the pier. They can watch the most beautiful sunrise and sunset from inside, and feel the sea wind if they are tired from inside and need fresh air, considering they can't really leave the room until further notice from Mycroft.
'I can make do downstairs.' he had answered boldly, admiring the redness that had tinted Sherlock's face, who only nodded in response.
‘Oh, that’s great!’ she asserts enthusiastically while folding a t-shirt that has grown small on her, even before the pregnancy. He remembers it, she used on their first morning after, only in her panties, while frying eggs. 'So what about Moriarty?'
The flat in Canary Wharf has an adequate position in the luxury category, Sherlock can't deny. Prime location, large space to fill, the view to the Thames is the cherry on top. Neighbourhood is certainly composed of an uppity crowd familiar to whoever is owner of the property. As it sits completely empty, devoid of even furniture for months since it was acquired, he supposes nobody in the tall building would bat an eyelash when the news of it being used for money laundering are divulged.
' he pronounces the word with a tone of distaste. 'And going back to your little house and family. Sherlock is enough of a fool to permit this, but things are… dramatically changed now. And I can't say I approve of this.'
John cringes internally, trying not to show anything on his face. "Please don't make it more difficult." he thinks.
'Ah!' she affirms like she sympathises. Rosie moans suddenly. Mary looks at her like she doesn't know what to do.
He finishes his coffee while watching the news, letting them play for a bit more. Some politics screwing over the general population as usual, Brexit negotiations which John was pretty sure had Mycroft's fingerprints all over, footage of polar bears starving in the melting North Pole, Kate is pregnant
'Now you, text me after you tested your gift.' she smiles mischievously at him. John turns back in time to see Sherlock becoming a living shade of tomato. John narrows his eyes and searches the room. On the kitchen table there's a fancy small black paper bag.
'I found very cute.' she tells him. 'But as you said in your best man speech, John is quite romantic in his blog. He said that our wedding was the best day of his life, isn't this lovely?' she beams at John, who smiles back but feeling more like his mouth is spasming, and begs for her not to notice. Sherlock keeps his gaze down. She turns back to him. 'And you were great as best man. Perhaps you could be the godfather of our daughter, what do you think?'
'Is it possible to trace where Mary's money is coming from?' he asks while making a turn. He's already at Kensington at this point.
He is considering taking the bike from the back of the house (surely we wouldn't be followed again?), when a loud blast makes him deaf.
'I had an anxiety crisis, you were also stressed, we weren't at our best. But I had no excuse to be condescendent about you, and your… sexual experience.'
At the reception… ok, too much. He didn't want to think about the reception, or the dangerous things that crossed his mind that night.
He walks around the flat with her, stopping by the window to watch the street. Evening is approaching already. Rosie holds the bottle with her tiny hands, eyes closed and throat working on the milk. People outside start to leave work and commute home. Mrs. Hudson is suddenly visible out there, coming from the supermarket judging by the packages on her hands.
Sherlock boggles at John, who is beaming expectant at him. 'Certainly yes. What do you want to dance?'
The bell to 221B rings, instead of the office's. Sherlock immediately runs to the window, which is quite artful, considering the sheet. He peeks out on the street and just says 'Mycroft.' under his breath, but doesn't make a move to change. John just rolls his eyes and goes downstairs to open the door.
Not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language. Please point any mistakes, and explain them! Thank you for reading!
He can handle this later, however. What he worries most right now is Sherlock. He had hidden well from him, and John just 	took as suitable how they barely talk about their feelings. It is a difficult task for both of them. But he hates that Sherlock saw and understood and learned about John so quickly: his depression when they first met, his PTSD which affects him the whole time they know each other, his disappointment at his outburst at Baskerville, his grief when he resurrected, his absolute boredom when he came back from honeymoon, his general unhappiness towards his marriage.
In her chosen professional area, one couldn't exactly pinpoint ideal aspects of a job. She certainly wouldn't find a career analysis in a The Economist article. She did have, however, years in field, lived in many countries and collected payments in all sorts of methods. A comparison table chart wasn't even a bad idea, but she didn't need one to know she got the best deal in ages.
Sherlock gets her up, already investigating the case. He tastes the food, nothing wrong. Both parents observe him from the sofa. He then puts his finger on her lip, pushing it down slightly to look inside her mouth. 'Aha. Apparently she has started teething.'
'Sounds plausible. But what actually troubled me when you texted was that she made a point of visiting her and informing she's back in England.'
He’d been completely negligent, and now he was paying for his stupidity. 'Isn't this the chance for you to call me a moron?' he mumbles pathetically.
Sandbox in the bathroom is clean, the water fountain is turned on, and cat toys are all dispersed around the living room. The door to the stairs is closed and locked as they keep their own bedroom door open.
He takes her out, dries her carefully and puts her nappy and clean clothes, found inside her bag. 'I had a fever so high, I entered a delirium state. Mycroft didn't even notice at first, because he usually expects me to be a hysterical Victorian damsel or something equivalent, the pompous meddler. I hyper fixated on the patterns of diverse furniture in his apartment. It took quite a while for him to catch that I wasn't ignoring his remarks, I just really wasn't acknowledging anything happening around me.'
First things first, there are only two bedrooms at the flat. One is for the baby of course. Skyler? He doesn’t want to concede again for her, but he likes the name. Ok, let’s go with Skyler. Skyler can take the smaller bedroom, which had been his? The stairs make him a bit uneasy but he can block the door with those baby-proof gates. And he could sleep… with Sherlock. Oh my, he’s quite jumping ahead isn’t he?
'I wanted to give you options.' Sherlock shrugs. 'It's more convenient up here and it's not like you love the suburbs. Mrs. Hudson approved the solution.' he cleans his throat. 'And I like you two here.' and looks up with his kicked puppy face John doesn't tell him about because it's too adorable and he would stop doing it.
'Oh. Yeah, sorry.' he scoops up his boots in one hand, holds the grocery bag in another. 'Do you need something?'
At around 10pm according to his watch, a shadow passes quickly through the torch light pointing to him. He looks up from inside the hole, and the tabby cat is a dark loom on top of the pile of sand by the side of the gravestone. Their purple eyes are the only thing that denounce them, shining against the dark. He rests the shovel against his feet and straightens up to stretch his back, feeling like it perfectly intended to be bent in this position forever by now. At this point he is already deep enough to be completely covered inside the hole.
One hour later Sherlock suggests taking John's blood to send to Molly, mainly to confirm it's LSD in his system. John agrees, and they move to the small bathroom adjacent to Rosie's room. John sits on the closed toilet lid, watching as Sherlock dexterously makes a tourniquet in his right arm, and prepares a syringe with an empty vial attached.
So he is inspecting his inbox, that now and then still receives fan mail and the odd case, when Rosie calls. He looks up immediately. She has her little fists raised and clenched, and face munched. He drops the phone immediately, picks her up and runs to the bathroom.
Mrs. Hudson was counting on them being out, and while she can stay with the kid for a bit in emergencies, the long day that awaits them makes it a long day for her also. The combination of an old lady with a hip and an active toddler who is not potty trained is less than ideal. He hasn't gotten around signing her up for a nursery considering it is between school terms and central London is highly demanded.
'While I understand the visual and tactile pleasingness of furry beings, the polar bear is a hypercarnivorous apex predator and I don't understand why would you find and animal the would easily eat humans if there's no dietary adequate food available
He snaps at the bodyguard, and she brings the parka over, putting it over John's shoulders before cutting the tie around his wrists and maneuvering them herself into the sleeves. The parka is heavier than it should be, and a stolen glance downwards explains why: it's full of explosives.
It's the acrid smell that pulls him out of his trance. Heavy smoke and oil burning, but not coming from inside. The small window close to the shower shows a vision from hell, wind blowing the dark smoke away from the house, heat so strong John can see its reflection in the mirror.
Mary empathised with him. James Moriarty and Sherlock Holmes made their lives quite difficult. But John was in the obsession circle, so he had a blind spot on that aspect. But she could change that.
'I wouldn't dwell much about that. I don't believe she wants to come back to that life. The whole Magnussen affair was her way to prevent the information to spread out. Besides, she usually worked on camp, what would she do while heavily pregnant?'
'I liked The Afghan War. Talking about healthcare crimes, good thing you two did in that case of patients being sexually abused. Stella told me you systematised the evidence and counselled them on how to report to the Met.'
'Hey, what's taking you so long?' John's voice reaches him from the other side, sounding a bit annoyed.
They keep watching the spectacle frozen in place. Soon the firemen arrive, and start working on putting out the fire.
‘I'm Dr. Coleman, I’m taking care of your wife.’ she takes a look at the chart, which has some sheets clipped on it. ‘We ran some exams on Mrs. Watson. Blood pressure and glucose rate are okay. We had to wait a bit for endoscopy, which is not ideal without hours of preparation, but since it was an emergency I authorized it. The results just came in. It was detected the beginning of an peptic ulcer. That is what caused the expel of blood. There’s no bacteria in the stomach, though, so it probably developed from a nervous gastritis. Now that we’re aware it will be easily controlled, since it's early stage. She will need to be at observation for a couple days, though.’
He furrows his brow, tries to evaluate the memories he can access. 'We used condoms. I'm pretty sure.'
'I couldn't be more devastated when he jumped' she announces suddenly, breaking the silence. 'But when he came back, it all made sense to me. Of course he would go that far to protect us. He did to me when we practically didn't know each other!'
When he arrives home at night Anna is awake in bed, making sour faces with a hand over the top of her belly and a glass of water on the bedside table. He puts the room in a dim light to not disturb her and approaches, kneeling by the bed. ‘Are you okay?’ he asks in a low voice.
After that there is one picture of him and Sherlock. He smiles at it. It looks like they are the ones getting married. He had stoically endured the wedding vows like something he was supposed to do. They haven't even written the thing themselves, opting for repeating the ceremony default. He barely remembers how that went. The best man's speech, though, made him tear up, a very uncommon occurrence.
'The interval is over. Why don't you invite me for drinks, ahn?' she winked at him, getting up and pulling him with her. 'I love talking to you' she smiled at him.
John smiles fondly at this. He goes on. 'Victor was incredulous, so he confronted Mr. Trevor. Turns out the man has a stroke and dies instantly.'
He opens his eyes abruptly, not moving from his position on the sofa. The tentative daylight of the early morning is already illuminating the room. John's been sleeping for hours now. Something is wrong. What is it?
They go full snog again, John can't help himself stop grabbing Sherlock's arse here and again. 'Take off our clothes?' he murmurs, to which Sherlock sighs 'Ok.'. It's exciting being completely naked next to him, no barriers between the skin.
Mycroft has descended from the helicopter during the whole commotion, and gives some instructions to the people still in the area. They take photographs of everything, and some of them pass John in their way to inside the manor. A guy with a distinctive mole in his nose and a woman in glasses prepare to remove the corpse.
'Yes! Yes. I just got carried away a bit.' he winces and drinks water from his squeeze, as Shannon makes a comprehending expression.
At night when she finally gives up being awake, Sherlock puts her in her cot upstairs, and joins him in the living room, where John is finishing cleaning the child detritus. Sherlock leans against him, kissing his temple. They will probably fight over watching a documentary or an action movie, end up choosing none and playing a card game and also fight over how Sherlock never follows the rules, then take turns in the shower and go to bed together.
He hears Sherlock stomping down the stairs through the ceiling. The madman probably tried to pack the whole flat, as he doesn't like to get separated from his stuff. How he survived two years with only the clothes on his body is a mystery to John. He smiles to himself. 'To be
Brent pulls a gun and points at them. John was going to move from behind Sherlock, but the move makes him stop. 'How do you know that?' he questions angrily.
He bolts in front of everyone to be the first to board. However, as soon as he sees Sherlock, John knows something is clearly wrong. First, he's pale as death, face sweaty. His eyes are closed and moving frantically behind his eyelids. He hears Anna and Mycroft coming on his heels. 'Sherlock?'
They do get sparked, John gives in to that. But after some time it's clear the activity is not exactly going anywhere for both of them. He starts to get frustrated, tries to be faster, rougher, urging Sherlock to do the same. It reaches a point that the detective exclaims 'Ouch, John!'.
Aadhya moved to make a signal, but Mary gestured to her and she stopped, looking curious. Mary herself turned the red light to Sherlock's head, and observed Watson's realisation face.
'Why did you keep doing it? Why fake it till the end?' he asks miserably. 'Were you going to…?' he trails off.
He knows he woke up before his eyes open. He still feels frozen in place, and when he finally unglue his eyelids the room is dark. Sherlock's room, and bed. Where he came to sleep even if his stuff is still at Mary's house because Rosie fell asleep after they spent the Sunday cleaning and Sherlock had said it wouldn't be a problem.
'Next time you could work with me on that narcotics idea.' he tries once again to convince Sherlock to co-author with him as they ascend the stairs to their living room. 'A chemist input would be pretty valuable.'
The woman stands back up, holding the gun like a professional, frowning at him. Jim just nods mockingly 'Oh, I will.'
George steps into the balcony finally. 'It's a very tall building, isn't it? Panels are so fragile, they can easily drop someone down there. Especially if they are breaking in and don't know how to operate the windows. You have experience falling off buildings last I heard. I do wonder.'
'Sorry, yes, I'm sorry, I forgot' he apologizes regretting not going to her sooner. 'He's fine, now they have to be sure he doesn't get pneumonia or infections. When he's finished with antibiotics he'll be ready to come home, to rest if you believe it'
The girl comes back with Rosie, who is whining lightly. 'She's been fussy this afternoon.' she says, sniffing a bit. 'Didn't want to take a nap and coughed a bit. I think she's coming out with a cold.'
Sherlock entertains the always demanding Rosamund Watson while John talks to Keona Douglas, all four of them seated in a cafe near where she works. He had procured her services because he knows she is competent, knows that she feels grateful he got rid of her stalker while ending up on the wrong end of his ire which makes her more inclined to help him, and of utmost importance, she's aware of how his cases, being not general public friendly, usually require unorthodox methods.
He crosses his arms but doesn't move, taping his foot and looking around. Desk Guy resumed typing but keeps giving him nervous side glimpses. Perhaps he's new. He'll get used to it, or look for a new job.
'We could negotiate with her. Give her some incentives so she gives you full guardianship and leaves Britain, to not come back again.'
John groans and pulls him to a long snog. They part once again, the blond nosing his way on the side of Sherlock's head.
He glares hard at Anna, who has threads of blood coming out of her forehead, and drops the piece of glass. Sherlock is thinking how they can restrain her when five men in suits enter the room and do it themselves. Mycroft comes right behind.
'Nope. Not "ah".' John comes to him, clutches Sherlock's shoulders with both hands. 'Listen, I hate this. I
He adjusts his position on the chair. 'After I came back to London we didn't have much to talk about. We emailed amenities few times, but after the scandal about him he stopped answering. Suppose we couldn't understand each other anymore. But I was happy that he went to my wedding.'
'We offer integrated services, actually. He just wants to go back playing Cluedo with Mrs. Hudson, Donovan.' John smiles pleasantly, skim-reading the case folder. Sherlock throws back at him the sheet containing the toxicology report of the deceased woman, possible murder victim. She is a kidney donor, who was found with a considerate amount of naproxen in her system, resulting in kidney failure and death. DI Donovan suspects the administration was not accidental, nor she was conscious of the intake. 'He was winning for once. And while I agree misuse of medication fits the Health And Death Division criteria, the coroner work already found that out. We need to know
'It's been a while you've been there, dear.' her voice comes muffled from the other side of the door. 'I'm making myself tea. Do you fancy a cuppa?'
He brings a small cardboard box to his last day of work. After the last patient, he pulls it from the cupboard, and starts filling with his stuff. There's not much since it never felt like a permanent position, no pictures on the desk as he grew paranoid of his coworkers becoming allies of the wrong side. The only thing incriminating are the documents he has kept locked in the drawer for months, since he first moved back to 221B.
He sits beside him carefully. John is still following the invisible fly, but grips Sherlock's leg just above the knee. Something is still bothering him, though.
'And keep your eyes up when walking.' he finishes stamping the prescription and giving to him. The boy takes a look at the sheet.
'Oh, that's a shame. But it's your fault too, isn't it? You can't always wait for the other person to keep in contact' she said staring straight into his eyes. He appeared uncomfortable again, frowning slightly.
But Sherlock just smiles very mischievously. 'Exactly. You have serious problems in lying, so I thought it would be better if you are ambiguous in your discourse. You never say the proper words, true, but the idea is heavily implied, even if it means the opposite of what she is wanting to hear. Read the catch-phrase'
'She was, but she lost the baby shortly after I came back to Baker Street. She never told me and pretended she was still pregnant so I went back home. Two days ago she had a gastric emergency and the whole thing was uncovered.'
'Thought so. But I had to ask. Second, we could charge her. Mycroft has enough evidence. And being in MI-6 territory there wouldn't be much media frenzy, if they get to know at all. She would be in a special prison and not a bother for decades.'
He doesn't even need Sherlock to say anything because the detective's face shows exactly his opinion on John's performance. He speaks anyway. 'That was atrocious. Nobody would believe that.'
Mary crosses her arms, pursing her lips. 'Where's John? I went to the clinic and they told me he left months ago.'
He holds him like this for the whole duration of the weeping, which Sherlock persists in trying to keep down. John doesn't say platitudes or hush sounds, because is futile. He's an expert in nightmares after all. When he finally calms down a couple minutes later John clasps his shoulder. 'Feeling better now?'
John closes the door behind him after the nurse leaves, looking very relieved. 'Met your brother downstairs. He said something about breathing therapy.'
Of course, now that he is in there, he is aware of the possibility that Mary had taken it out with her. Granted, she had her own when the whole Magnussen situation arose, but he has no idea what she did with it, as he never saw it in the house.
On the twelfth day John caughts Sherlock trying to bribe the room's morning maid to give him one of the cigarettes he deduced she had in her pocket for the off time. He pushes Sherlock aside and tells her to spread the word that cigarettes or any other narcotics are strictly forbidden in their room. He makes himself very emphatic and unambiguous. When he checks on Sherlock he is smoking a blue biro.
The very last is a picture he knows by heart, of Anna-Greta with longer hair, still not bleached, from the file Mycroft had landed during Sherlock's duration in the hospital. 'Oh.' is all he contrives.
John has to police himself to not look stupid every time Sherlock texts him because, damn, he texts a lot. It actually reminds him of good old times when he would spend more time paying attention to his phone than his girlfriend. Jeanette absolutely
He calls the clinic to quit his position. He can't stand the place anyway. When the receptionist tries to ask him about Anna he hangs up. His CV will probably need updating once again so he can start looking for a new job. He wants to consult Sherlock on the matter, but his phone stayed on the kitchen table when he stormed out.
'Oh.' he turns and Sherlock is already in the kitchen, brandishing his notepad in John's direction for him to catch. There are lots of scribbles crossed and some things circled, and he put explanatory notes by the sides of the paper. He reads everything trying to visualize how he would say the words.
He vaguely remembers dropping the phone during the brief fight. Todd had actually aimed the long knife at his abdomen, but instinct and quick thinking made him pull his legs up to protect the critical area, resulting in his outside left thigh being the one hit. The knife had penetrated almost to the handle, but Sherlock thinks it luckily missed main blood vessels, by the amount of blood that came out of it. When alone in the bathroom he uses all the energy left to raise his leg and prop it on the door, and the blood stream stops after a few minutes.
And the cases? Who is going to stay with her while he’s away? It will take a while before she can go to the nursery. She has to start eating properly before that, which is usually around six months. Christ, what about the milk? Could he get from a bank? Perhaps even Anna could give it to him in bottles in the beginning?
'Well, you better start.' he barks, going upstairs again. Rosie picks up his mood and starts to whine. She fusses during the whole lunch, barely eats, and John is a minute from snapping. He gives up her potatoes, change her clothes, takes his brown bag and Rosie's bag and leaves with her.
'John, please...' he can hear Mrs. Hudson had also come after the brother, but John is completely focused on the man in front of him.
But during their fight John catches a glimpse of the living room window, and there, at the rooftop of the building on the other side of the street, the cat sits straight on looking at them.
'May I sit down, Doctor Watson?' he asks politely and, why not, distant. John gestures to a chair, and takes a seat beside Anna, who shows no intention of speaking, or making herself perceived.
John closes his eyes for a moment and then regards Sherlock, back from the hospital but still on breathing therapy, reclined at the sofa while John practised. He starts again.
While they are wheeling him to the imaging room, he chins up a bit to look at the nurse pushing his stretcher. 'Where's Sherlock?'
Sherlock tries not to show his trembling hands, so he grips hard the man's shirt. 'John. John.' he murmurs to the doctor's neck, eyes closed.
He feels numb as he does as she says. She is the one piloting. They arrive at the Holmes' cottage, but there's only a black car waiting outside. Robin lands and tells him to get out of the helicopter and into the car. The driver comes out of it to open the back door for him. As he enters the car, a floral fragrance invades his nostrils, making him nauseated. Anna sits in the middle, and appears to be worried.
Usually he parks the bike near the car, but he decides to put it away in the garage lot, throwing a plastic cover over it. When he holds the key in place to open the door, his hands are so shaky he almost drops it.
'I believe I owe you apologies for my recent behaviour towards you.' he says in a barely hidden constricted voice.'
The man adjusts in his seat, looking the most uncomfortable person in the world. ‘John. I know how it seems, I went to your wedding, but I want to make it clear that I would never stab you in your back.’
Despite his earlier mental preparation, a cold hook seizes Sherlock's stomach. He swallows, but his mouth is dry. That was quite straightforward. John needs to move on this relationship. He wouldn't be the first.
At 10:15pm, he knows he needs to get to his bedroom as soon as possible. He leans on his side against the wall of the corridor waiting for Sherlock to appear at the doorway of his bedroom, now dressed in pyjamas, carrying the used towel back to the loo. John smiles at him when he does. 'I'm going upstairs now. Good night.'
When his shift ends, he marches to the reception, because he's no Sherlock Holmes but there's clearly a connection somewhere. He stops dead when he sees Mary and Diana talking. Diana is holding Mary's hands between hers and is the one speaking as usual, while Mary nods and smiles weakly. They both glare at him when he approaches.
this would happen! Do you think I'm stupid, John? That I wouldn't notice what you're doing? Making people come here and sweet talk me into what, exactly? What is it that you wanted? Janine, David, who was next?'
‘Well, not exactly. I… this will end soon. No prospects in there. I… have someone else with me.’ he gets it out before he considers not telling her.
Sherlock had immediately jumped on the mission of getting to know cat John, who had been locked in his upstairs bedroom the whole time. Problem is, cat John had never seen any human before, and it's not social at all. Sherlock had tried to touch him, and the result is the scratches currently sitting on his hand, and John hiding under the bed the whole night. He had transformed right there in the morning, and had to crawl out full of dust and fur, and ended up rolling over the poop that cat John had released in fear.
'Can you imagine him with a date? It would be like a sitcom!' she's fully laughing now. 'Painting a moustache and pretending to be a waiter, that's hilarious!'
'Making space for you, in case you want to hide behind the books. Oh, in that bag over there, get some objects to put over the mantelpiece so you can push them to the floor. I read that cats love doing that.'
He is also given a jab of tetanus immunoglobulin for his trouble. As she is pressing the puncture wound with a cotton ball, he asks again 'Where's Sherlock?'.
Whatever is the explanation, his denial has made him take some bad decisions. He scorned Sherlock's reasoning, and he jumped out of a building. He ignored Sherlock's blatant sadness and found him in a drug den. He undermined Sherlock's dedication, and ended up with a body at his feet. He can't keep doing that.
‘You see, John.’ she folds her hands on her lap. ‘Jealousy is natural. You’re human and entitled to feel insecure. But there’s a difference between feeling and acting on it.’
She thankfully sleeps all the way back to London in her baby car seat. Nobody knows where Mary is. When they enter Westminster to drop Sherlock home, John holds his hand for a minute. At Baker Street, he squeezes back just the once.
'You sure you're going to eat everything on your own?' John asks, adjusting the volume. 'Just warn me so I can buy some loperamide.'
All this happening and all Sherlock would talk about was John's wife, John's choices, John's child. Oh God, the child.
And yet what she said about him ignoring "Sherlock's kicked puppy faces" - and he shudders from the expression - is making him uncomfortable. Has he been doing that? Has Sherlock been so readable to everyone but him? John has been cruel to him all this time?
His phone chimes and breaks the mood. Sherlock clears his throat and turns back to inspect dust on the mantel. John sighs and reads the text that just arrived.
He smiles to himself at the memory, and lies down on the bed, turning off the bedside lamp. He is still sitting down when the living room door opens and closes.
She looks at him in awe. 'What you mean, "about what"? Don't play dumb with me John Watson. You disrespecting me!' she answers with an already rising voice.
He's honestly exasperated by now. Why hadn't Sherlock given any news? When was the last time they talked, last week? He decides not to wait anymore. He types "Anything new?" And clicks to add a contact. There's no Sherlock there. He frowns and puts his number, that he knows backwards. He hits
John surveys the bathroom. 'It's not what I'm thinking.' his eyes land at the razor that had fallen on the floor in the commotion. The bloody razor, figuratively and literally. He takes the razor, and drops it in the sink. He closes his eyes for a single moment, holding onto the counter, and seems to gather up courage. 'Can you drop the towel, please?'
He side-glances her. He hadn't given a single thought about Sarah Sawyer. He doesn't want to start now.
'Well dear, I do want to know how Sherlock is, I was going to pop up yesterday but you seemed so tired...' she tsks and sits at Sherlock's chair.
'You were not surprised about Sholto. Him being a man and all.' he observes while exploring The Neck. Also making a note not to mention to Sherlock how he refers to his body parts in his mind.
It's past lunchtime when John comes back home. He seems surprised to find Sherlock at home. Sherlock himself has been composing since after his shower. The piece he started weeks ago is almost finished now, and he still feels there's something missing out of it. He is standing by the window, holding the violin in his left hand while he writes another chord on his sheet music. John clears his throat and Sherlock looks up at him.
John sounds terrified. Sherlock closes his eyes to take a breath for a second, and starts signaling for a cab. 'Can you describe your surroundings? How long ago did you leave home? Are you in your car?'
It definitely is, and it smells. He hopes she feels safe enough on her feet soon so she can be potty trained, as the appropriate age in all the children's websites (18 months) seems to be approaching.
'You are being unfair to me, John. I care deeply about him, but if he needs the government involved...'
He feels conflicted thinking about John right now, but he is sure that if John had been with him, this wouldn't have happened. But John has a job he needs to keep (for now), and a daughter he can't just leave anywhere. But the case was supposed to be very simple, and he needs the money.
John unlocks his bike from the rail outside the clinic, throwing an 'Afternoon!' to Martha, the fellow nurse who passes by him walking in the Tube direction. On the other side of the street the bakery flicks on the shop facade lights, as the sky got yellow strikes and the light blue faded slowly. A guy in a grey jacket eating a croissant just blinks at newly illuminated spot.
He realises too late that it will be hard explaining his situation without the sensitive details he can't unravel to her without putting her in danger. So he decides for a more abstract approach.
He's not sure how long it has been, but he finds himself in a sort of changing room. There are open showers on his right, a few toilet stalls on his left. He is laying down on a cold ceramic bench, and his blood pounds hard against his temples. The place is empty, and he can see a door on the other side, but something, probably experience and raw gut feeling, tells him it's not unwatched from the outside.
The culprit himself is taking some books from their shelves, carefully calculating and reorganising.
She hadn't been happy at all about Rosie staying with Sherlock. In fact, they would have kept arguing about it on the way back home, if their relationship wasn't all based on avoiding significant conversations since the beginning. But he knows her enough to identify the locked jaw and neutral face as signs of being pissed off.
Not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language, any mistakes feel free to point out (and explain please).
‘He. He will. It’s, ah, it’s Sherlock.’ he tries not to show he has to force his eyes to stay fixed on Ella. She keeps smiling knowingly. ‘You don’t look surprised.’
Sherlock refuges in the bathroom. Anna takes seat on the sofa, already scrolling down on her phone. John hovers between the sitting room and the kitchen, not really knowing what to do. He hears the shower turning on.
'Ok then.' he sighs, watches Sherlock face while feeling warm all over his body, inside and outside. 'Good night.'
'Mr. Sullivan, this is MI6, and to our understanding you committed a terrorist act by implanting a bomb in Mary Watson's personal vehicle. If we call the police you will also respond for trespassing, attempted homicide and illegal gun ownership. Put your weapon on the floor and get away from the civilian.' one of the uniformed guys recites in monotone, while the other two move around the living room, covering more ground on the ambush.
John opens his mouth but closes it again. He looks all over Sherlock's face. 'Your hair makes me want to play with it every time I look at it.'
Right after sending it, he opens the conversation of the sneakiest person on his network, who answers immediately.
Second thing he notices, he is a lot calmer now. Angry, he guesses for the rest of his life, but coherent, even if needing the loo insistently, and having a faint nausea sensation creeping up.
'Pick any super secret political topic and you'll find out he has his greasy hands all over it.' he replies while examining his nails. 'Paying these irrelevant favours to him is a burden I hope to get rid of soon.'
'Sherlock texted me. While it was a sound idea, Sherlock, a bit more of advance would have been appreciated.' he says with a polite thin smile that unnerves both of them.
'It's not about the drugs!' he interrupts angrily, now staring at Sherlock's face. 'It's the overdose!'
'We are aware that A.G.R.A killed your father in a lock robbery and were responsible for your house burning. But there's no need to add more crimes for your case. Put the gun down, and we will call you a lawyer.'
She goes to another woman using a speedbag, looking more experienced than a beginner. John checks her out while she's at it. She has small breasts but large hips. She cuts her hair neck short and has a cute nose. In other circumstances he would ask her out.
She lowers her voice and gets close to him, as if telling a gossip. 'To be honest with you, I never liked her that much.'
He goes to bed with John even if he doesn't like sex. He would have accepted his daughter at 221B because he knew it would make John happy. He turns his back to John and cries on his own.
'We are pretty fucked up, aren't we?' Sherlock affirms more than asks, a hint of smile in his voice. He's looking at John from under his eyelashes, head still bowed. John snorts unattractively at him, trying not to giggle.
He dials one his contacts marked as favourites. He picks up on the fourth ring. 'What happened?' Lestrades's voice sounds alarmed in his ear. 'Say
He looks up at the doorway she's leaning on, one arm crossed over her belly and the other raised at eye level so she can inspect her fingernails. 'What you mean?'
It crosses his mind that he would prefer if Sherlock joined him there, but he keeps to himself. 'Whatever works for you.' he answers. 'Just… hold me a bit?'
'Of course I knew you were bisexual. I just didn’t know if…' he retracts minutely in the bed. "If you had interest in me." was left in subtext. John is a bit heartbroken by that.
After they both sign the transfer contract and finish the transaction, Mrs. Hudson suggests stopping at a cafe to have something fancy. It's a hard cold day and as usual he never has gloves on, which means burying his hands on the coat pockets to alleviate the numbness in his fingers. Coffee is very welcoming right now. He is, however, still unemployed, he probably shouldn't.
He had excused himself to shower, and then to bed. He dreamt he and Sherlock were at a rooftop, not Bart's, and Magnussen was there laughing manically at him while being shot over and over again, and then Anna came out of nowhere and pushed Sherlock from the rooftop. John had tried to move, to scream, but he couldn't. He had woken up covered in sweat to find Anna sleeping peacefully by his side. He kept rolling on the bed without batting an eyelid until morning.
Nobody seems to be waiting for something. The motorbike is nowhere to be seen. Still on foot, he crosses the street at the traffic light, checking all around him. When he feels safe enough, he mounts the bike and rides as quick as possible. He takes the long way home, and only stops in front of the house after a couple minutes circling the block, making sure he's by himself.
Some characteristic splash sounds are heard one after the other, and then she relaxes, starts swinging her feet. They look at each other grinning and high five.
They are not forgotten about her previous job - or better putting, her previous boss. So they can't really talk about Moriarty when she's around. When they left the bathroom the other day Anna looked very suspicious, which is alarming coming from her. He wanted to examine the hacker video with Sherlock, but he was adamant on not doing it. He guaranteed he was okay, and that Moriarty was dead, so they should go home.
'Then renegotiate it. Aren't you the mastermind of bargaining with people? Don't make him leave for this mission.'
They stay like that for some minutes until out of nowhere Sherlock jumps, almost knocking his head on John’s chin, which would have been painful, he thinks relieved.
Sherlock of course promptly forgets about the cake, but Mrs. Hudson saves it from burning. When it's cooled enough, and subtly frosted, they sing happy birthday to Rosie (even Sherlock), while she claps her hands, full smile with a handful of teeth, clearly loving every minute of attention.
He showers and brushes his teeth with the spare toothbrush he keeps at the cabinet under the sink. It comes to his mind that he doesn't have any clothes at the flat, and the night is a bit chilly. He opens the door just by a gap and calls out for Sherlock. 'Can I have a pyjama of yours?'
'Oh and there's more!' she smiles sarcastically. 'Get off your moral high horse. You've killed people illegally before, you're just too stupid to make money out of it.
He finds soup and bread in the kitchen. He dines and browses the internet for a bit before going back to the bedroom. Anna is apparently already drifting off, so he turns the light completely off and joins her in the bed.
. It took time. As a young adult, but only because you never relied on me to do it. I learned, and not because of you.'
He clears his throat. ‘Not exactly. My life is still insane. But… I’m getting hopeful. It’s the most dangerous thing, isn’t it? I saw on a movie. I feel like I can do everything I want. That everything is finally right.'
All the being into each other's space business that they carefully built since the resurrection comes handy now, because the shift in their day-to-day lives is much smoother than it should have been.
'Waiting for Dolores' cupcakes!' He replies bewildered, raising the bag the nurse had put them in for him to carry in the bike. Anna regards him for a moment before getting the bag and going to the kitchen. He makes a point of looking around as if waiting for a sudden answer to pop out from under the furniture.
'She won't be a concern anymore.' Mycroft says. 'My contacts in Hungary are already in London. She is going to official facilities at the moment. Do you need to go to the hospital, Sherlock?'
Sherlock just nods and doesn't reply. John wants to shake him into the joyful state he was before, but he knows he can't help it right now.
She goes relieve herself, and thinks they could do with a coffee. She buys two cups at the canteen, but back to their corridor, nobody sits on the chairs beside the door. She checks the nurses at the wing desk, all of them are outside, chatting.
The cat moves out of their fight-or-flight position and sits closing their eyes, licking their paw and using it to clean their head. John waits. The cat opens a slint of one single eye at him and gives a little inquisitive 'Meorh?'.
The thing about the little closet under the stairs, full of dust because they use it as storage for things they barely remember they own, is that it doesn't lock. He and Mary had had a full discussion about it when they first moved, because some
At the Baker Street Station there's a shop selling guava croissants, and he buys two for the ant-detective. Finally at home, he gets the mail. Mrs. Hudson is apparently out. Sherlock had told him two weeks ago that she probably has been meeting someone for casual sex. He had fled the room before he would need to bleach his brain.
They stare at each other focusedly for a moment. John doesn't know if he's capable of tearing his eyes off Sherlock's. The detective looks at the floor for a second before gazing up again, a side-smile forming on his lips, John feels his own moving up and he wants so much…
A bit later he prepares mashed avocado with peanuts, she eats happily and takes her morning nap right after. Knowing she will only wake up by lunchtime, he brings his laptop to her room (Mary is downstairs watching TV apparently) to pass the time until he has to take a shower to leave for work. He confirms with Joyce that Rosie will be with her in the afternoon.
He spent hours rummaging those files with Sherlock. His brother pulled enough strings to uncover Mary's life since early adulthood, probably outraged at himself for letting things get out of control this way. If Magnussen knew where to gather those informations, trust Mycroft Holmes to be able to do it as well.
'Or we could talk a bit.' they both turn at the sudden appearance of Sherlock, and oh John is so going to kill him, quickly coming inside from the kitchen window and standing in front of John, shielding him from the man. 'Brent Sullivan, isn't it?'
They talk a bit more, recounting other important parts of the conversation to make sure it was going the way they had planned. Finally there’s nothing else for Janine to add, so she announces her departure. She shakes hands with John, but kisses Sherlock’s cheek. He keeps balling his fists until the door closes with her out in the street.
It's probably a bad habit that he always runs after the ending of the moment. As it turns out, not having to worry about climaxing is very relaxing. He and Sherlock kiss everywhere, caress everywhere, and they don't rush. In a moment of inspiration, John turns Sherlock to lie on his stomach and proceeds to explore his whole back.
'She's beautiful. Is her mom with you?' she looks around as if to illustrate looking for the mother. John finds quite strange how uncomfortable he is.
John played with the nape curl with his point finger while considering this. Yes, he did. Sherlock had done everything for him to have the perfect boring life he allegedly wanted. And all he got was a bullet in the chest, the threat of exile and death far away from home and John asking more and more things of him. He leaned to press another light kiss on the cupid bow lips.
Given that this is all information pertaining to the woman he is aware of, it comes to a surprise her sudden belligerent treatment of him. He asks for the list of scheduled patients for the day and she slams it at the reception counter, saying nothing. He blinks confused at her, but doesn't respond.
'Janine consented to talk to Anna-Greta.' Sherlock gestures in her direction. She's gathering her things. 'Since they have some unresolved matters. Empathy and emotional appeal could work to--'
He looks around to check for any cars before crossing to other side of the avenue. He lets a bus and two cars pass by and pushes the bike again, when a motorbike crosses quickly in front of him. 'Excuse you.' he mumbles between gritted teeth to the man's back.
'This is not very clear don't you think?' he asks carefully, not wanting to offend his friend. 'I never actually say I forgive her and everything.'
‘For this mess to be over like it never existed?’ John replied sarcastically, pocketing the flashdrive and looking for all means ready to leave.
As he confirms the amount of each spice that is supposed to go into the curry, Sherlock asks 'You never cook. What motivated you today?'
‘And I’m not.’ this time she’s definitely cheeky. ‘You have been my patient since you came back to London, and I do follow your blog. I was more surprised that you got married to someone else, if you don’t mind me being honest.’
'What is it that she did to ruin your life?' he asks, trying to distract him. The cars he heard park outside. 'It surely has been years now.'
'Sorry, a moment' Sherlock looks at him. 'I'm the one choosing? I thought this wouldn't be… deliberated'
How could he look so soft? How could Sherlock Holmes, known as the most abrasive arsehole in London, be there all melted in John Watson’s very own arms, receptive and soft like cotton, smiling silly at him with his eyes and crooked nose, how
‘Must be her. Just a second.’ and John has to bite his tongue not to giggle absurdly at Sherlock’s scarlet cheeks and dishevelled hair, which obviously Janine is going to notice. He takes a seat in his chair, waiting for them to come upstairs.
'From my experience it doesn't seem he was wrong!' John retorts and immediately regrets it. Lucidity is finally rising and his pulse is fast.
She starts a monologue about the wide selection of vegetarian dishes and meat substitutes and if he thinks about completely abandoning meat Indonesia would be very suitable to start with (what). He nods and reacts here and then, discreetly checks his phone for any sign from Sherlock.
He supposes it's silly and a bit inappropriate of him to consider the whole ordeal anticlimactic, but that's how he feels.
Her eyes fill with tears, and John looks away, a bit embarrassed. He waits for her to compose herself before speaking.
It doesn't sound very loud to his own ears, nevermind outside. His neck is very stiff, and the pain now irradiates from the wound to his leg.
'I know what you're doing, Sherlock.' John warns cheerfully, holding a spoonful of apple and banana puree to Rosie. 'Stop scratching the stiches.'
'I like to touch. And to be touched.' his ears get scarlet, which John can see thanks to the dim light coming through the window. His heart pounds fast.
John shakes his head, blinking rapidly. He scratches the side of his neck. 'Wanned to seem remorse. So she woulnnot pay attention.' A thin stream of saliva comes from his mouth and reaches his chin. Sherlock takes a tissue from his pocket, the one his old-fashioned father trained him to always keep there, and cleans it.
'It pains me to say this but I'm very confused by your mixed signals.' Sherlock hisses. 'I've done no such thing, but let's hypothesize you're right. Why do you think I went through all this, then, care to enlighten me?'
He glances at Anna, who's obviously paying attention to the conversation. He tries not to look guilty (of what?) and just goes to the loo, entering the room before he starts to have second thoughts about it. The curtain is opaque and dark, gratefully. When he closes the door behind him Sherlock pulls it a bit to check who is it. His hair is all slicked back, which is an interesting sight.
John holds him more firmly. He's been submitted through a lot of pain and cruelness, but it's what he did to someone else that haunts him at night. John killed a cabbie after a day he met him, and he had the best night in ages. And people have the guts to call Sherlock Holmes a sociopath. 'You're not a murderer, Sherlock. You are and incredible human being, better than most people in fact.'
By the end of January an interested buyer finally makes a move, after one desistance mid negotiations almost a month ago. It's a couple with two primary school age kids. They go back and forth for a while after visiting with John's estate agent, until they settle a reasonable price. John goes with Mrs. Hudson as a witness, who had been rather bored at home after fighting again with Mr. Chatterjee. Sherlock stayed behind to give a consultation on a case Lestrade was working on. He also clearly stated it would be tedious.
He can't see much. Todd has turned off all the lights again, and Sherlock honestly doesn't know if he's still in the flat. He's still a bit dizzy from the blood loss, so his normally highly accurate audition isn't reliable. He's grateful to have his coat on while lying on the cold floor.
'I think something bad happened to him.' she interrupts him sounding determined. He inhales sharply. Mrs. Hudson stage whispers
Mycroft scrutinizes him, asserting he's not in physical danger. 'I am deeply sorry. She escaped the hospital during a brief moment of mistake. My agent informed me immediately.'
watching. They retreat to bed, John reads a book and she scrolls down her tablet. In forty minutes or so they finally set to sleep. He can't stop thinking about Sherlock so doesn't turn off hi phone, just in case.
'I know, I was just checking. Safety and all.' she goes inside. He supposes she does have good intentions but weak execution, as anyone could pass for him if she just asked a name. He notices Rosie's bag and folded carriage are already propped up against the foyer wall, so he picks them up.
At the small coffee break room there is at least a kettle he can use and a box of decent tea that the doctors all bought together. During his ten-minutes break he is inhaling a cuppa when he sees through the open door Diana and Pablo, the nurse that assists him, talking at the corridor. She is gesticulating hard while saying something inaudible. Pablo is being attentive, and his jaw is visibly locked tight.
She looks at the damage site with him, tears still running. She traces the temporary scar with her small fingers. 'Ow.'
The car slows down and he can already see Mycroft and Sherlock talking by the plane. The sight makes his heart play a
He removes his drenched socks and throws them aside along with the groceries bag, going back downstairs barefoot. He starts out of his skin when he notices Sherlock is sitting on his chair, reading a file.
In Serbia, he had spent days chained up to the walls. He was always standing, and if he tried to drop down his arms would be teared off. They beat him during interrogation sessions, but thankfully nothing more creative than that. Although he supposes it was a very good strategy to never let him sleep. Everytime he closed his eyes for more than a minute, they would throw a bucket of water over him. Not being let sleep or lie down for days had felt honestly worse than the beating. Oh the irony that now he's lying down, and all he wants is being able to get up and have a stretch.
Aaaand I'm back. I'll try to post the late chapters through the weekend so by Monday we are back on schedule.
'John, this is Ms. Agnes.' the older Holmes brother gestures to her, and back to him. 'John Watson.'
'I'm… how? I can't fathom this.' he'’ trying really hard not to sound shocked. Sherlock Holmes, in pristine suits and limited edition coat and a shelf full of hair cosmetics, living on the streets? 'What were your parents doing? What about Mycroft? How did you fly off his radar? How did he
He pursues his lips. Weed is not his drug of choice, but it certainly has a calming effect and never put him in trouble of addiction like cocaine had. 'John would be furious at me.' he answers with unease.
Her hair bobs around her neck and it's dyed auburn brown, but her face is carved in Sherlock's mind. At close distance, Mrs. Hudson finally notices, and squeezes his arm in silence. Mary smiles at them.
John could swim from one room to the other, in this house. And there’s always a figure lurking at the corners, watching him. Trying to create the alluring light, just so he can get close and closer and closer and then he would be swallowed.
'Yes. He didn't communicate with me for days. I called his house - thank god for smartphones, I hate using landline, but there wasn't a way back then - and an aunt told me what happened. She informed me Victor had left for the continent right after the funeral. Didn't hear from him again.'
He doesn't know how much time has passed, but it's been morning for a long time now. The daylight allows him to take a look at his thigh. The dark trousers conceal most of the damage, but the light pus is such a contrast that it's impossible not to notice. Just what he needed, an infection. The longer he stays, the harder it is to change positions, and everytime he moves he feels the wound more tender.
Remembering those events obviously bring Sherlock to his mind and a foolish smile to his lips, that he tries to drop. He
They meet at a pub midway for both of them. Greg is already at a table, sipping a beer and pecking some chips. John gets another round for both of them. 'You'll need the extra beer, trust me.'
So Mary… Anna-Greta's transgression wasn't so bad. He could live without knowing. It wouldn't matter - or it shouldn't - that someone wanted their past to be erased.
He wraps himself with a towel and goes to Sherlock's bedroom through the secondary door of the loo. He finds a clean pyjama where Sherlock told him. Luckily the man likes his indoor clothes baggy, otherwise they wouldn't fit John at all. He dresses himself there. He accidently bumps on the towel thrown over a chair and it falls on the floor.
Mycroft turns to him to answer but he closes his mouth abruptly. For once in his life, John can say that the older Holmes brother looks completely shocked. And not for good. His jaw is locked tight and his mouth makes a thin and tense line. He looks back and forth from John and Sherlock once, as if searching a confirmation for whatever he saw.
The month after the Brighton exile, as Sherlock calls in his head, has been a bit slow on the crime side. Lestrade called him only once just to ask some advice on a potential murder of a gymnastics instructor case. Sherlock asked a few questions, had him send a couple pictures of the crime scene and the bathroom of the gym, and ruled out murder. Lestrade, despite what Sherlock loudly professes, is not that thick. He already suspected it had been entirely accidental and had just called Sherlock for confirmation. That had been almost two weeks ago.
John throws himself at him barely a second after recognising Sherlock. He holds John tightly and brings him to the cab. The driver eyes them skeptically. 'Do you want me to take you to a hospital, mate?'
They stay as long as they can before going to the flat. The workers have already finished for the day, but the smell of sawn wood and dust permeates the air. At the foot of the stairs he notices Sherlock giving a pause to sniff the air by the doorway. 'Ah.'
John is contributing to the renovations with his own funds. He is involved after all, even if he can't pay the proper half share. Sherlock is taking more private cases to supply for this, and the deposit from Keona Douglas had been generous. Two clients from upper class, with cases that barely ranked 4, also had paid beautifully. Sherlock is sure Mycroft had sent them as a way to help, and John agrees and is grateful for that.
Some hours in the night his bladder troubles him so he goes to the loo. When he comes back there's a faint light in the room. Anna is checking her phone. Climbing back on the bed, however, he realises it's his own phone.
Suddenly the bike tumbles on a discarded rock and he almost falls on the pavement. Dismounting the bike, he tosses the rock aside and inspects the wheel for any damage. Finding none he straightened back, prepared to have a go again, when he notices the parked motorbike some feet ahead of him.
Mary is giving the bottle to Rosie in the living room. She doesn't really like to breastfeed, so she usually pumps it out many times a day and saves the excess in the fridge. Having already lots of bottles stored helped a lot when she ran away.
The other thing is… he doesn't really know the boundaries between them anymore. Sherlock has always been sort of invasive of people's personal space, John's especially, and John is taking advantage of that to keep close. To touch when necessary. When it's not necessary. Sherlock hasn't commented on it, John hasn't really thought about it. He just realises he likes to be close to him, and now he can do that.
Dr. Coleman had already moved on to other duties of her shift, and Anna is being watched by the nurses responsible for the wing. He talk to them at the main desk and finds out she had already been moved to a single room (of course, Mycroft and his posh private facilities). When he enters the room she's alone, watching television in low volume.
After making her instructions clear Anna fondles him and it starts to work. She moans softly in his mouth. She turns around to present her back to John, which is a better position with her belly. He grips her waist and lower her trousers. They move a bit. John stops to take himself in hand, and tries again, to no avail. Anna turns again to attempt herself, but John soon gives up and lies back on the bad. Anna sits up.
Sherlock stops in the middle of the stairs. 'John? What's going on?' he can hear street sounds in the background, which means John is not at home.
He carefully passes Rosie to John, and takes his phone from the coffee table, typing quicker than John could ever try, as usual. 'What are you doing?'.
'Not really.' Sherlock repeats. 'When it was possible I handled those people to the concerned authorities. Usually the local ones, but a handful happened to be wanted by Interpol and likewise.'
'Surprisingly I did.' he answers. 'Your only fault was being someone else than you showed. Granted, an assassin who was supposed to kill us on more than one occasion, but still.'
He looks at the blocked door for the corridor upstairs, where the dust is thicker, nodding to himself. 'Yes, I thought it was time to have a proper lab for myself. Mrs. Hudson needed to fix the mould problem in 221C. Everything just built up, to be honest.'
He had planned not to say a word to Anna, but with such a huge coverage, it's impossible to feign ignorance on the matter without seeming suspicious. They usually watch together the news in the morning, before he leaves for the clinic. As they do it today, he remains silent having heard the news for the millionth time.
The man opens his eyes wide and intakes a huge breath. They stare at each other bewildered for a moment, and then Sherlock turns his naked back to John, crossing his arms tightly over his own heaving chest. John regards the scarred back in front of him. Sherlock has always been on the thin side, thus his ribs protuberate lightly over his skin, now also pulled by the tense muscles of his neck and shoulders.
She looks up at him with a blank face when she notices him standing over them, breathing heavily. 'What?'.
was surprising) seeming very comfortable. Two men in their forties that she would bet being americans and an asian girl that clearly was the youngest there arrived just after her.
'When you jumped,' he starts, making Sherlock look up at him in alert. 'I blamed myself for not having paid better attention to you. I could have asked. I could have known if I have done something about it. It would have changed everything. And now I made the exactly same mistake.'
The guy had dark olive skin, brown hair and eyes. Swimmer according to some photos and posts. Pretty good-looking.
Sherlock advances slowly. Brent looks over his shoulder at John, gun still up. 'And you put your hands in your head and come too.'
"Not always." a distant voice inside his head tells him. "He is like that about his work and his abilities, but never about himself as a person,
before he came along. When I finally have the family I wanted, he just swirls his coat from the death and
After "Shock" comes "jaffe" for her toy, and "epow", and "nana" for Mrs. Hudson and "jol" for Joyce and "dog" which is an easy one and eventually "dada" because Joyce keeps repeating to her that Dada is coming soon to get her.
'Cheers. Welcome to the ex-husbands team.' he offers his glass and they toast. They help themselves to more chips.
Going back to Europe already crossed her mind plentifully since she installed herself in that awful place.
It says tons that Sherlock just nods faintly and complies. John feels impossibly fond of him, waiting outside until he hears the water coming to a halt. He enters the loo and lets the door open so the steam escapes. Sherlock is sitting on the closed lid of the toilet, wearing a towel only, and looking more awake but still tired. John gets his kit and goes to inspect him.
Anna gets up after him to lock the door. John goes to the cabinet to fetch a drink. While he's pouring she comes to hug him from behind. He stops himself from recoiling in the last second. He notices she's a bit sided so her belly is not in the way. He lets her stay there and keeps sipping.
It's on the tip of his tongue to respond with "I know" but he refrains just in time. The teenage doesn't seem to mind his silence because he shrugs and leaves. John spots his mother getting up as soon as the door opens, and waves to her before it closes.
Greg blinks at him. John takes a sip from the beer. The DI laughs aloud and play punches his shoulder. 'I can't believe it! Bloody
This is nothing like it. Sherlock had been a few metres in front of a professional bomb, which exploded right to his face. His figuratively gigantic brain had slammed against his skull, making it swell out of control. He instantly developed pulmonary contusion, which caused an air embolism that led to obstruction of blood flow from the right side of the heart to the left, myocardial ischemia, and eventual cardiac arrest.
'I'll see him to the door and come to help you.' he says to impede her from coming along. She starts to pick the remaining plates.
He looks up at Sherlock, who's clearly trying to hold back a smirk. 'Had to make time for you to record him. Already texted Mycroft while waiting. Pass me those cable ties you have with you, won't you.'
. And you are letting him think he is. When you try to avoid making him get back to reality it affects me as well.'
He throws on his bathrobe and runs downstairs, and outside. Mary is standing near the door, holding onto the handrail, watching their car burn. Some neighbors are gathering outside already. Mrs. Mahmasani is talking to 999 on her phone, he's able to overhear even over the cracks from the fire eating the vehicle away.
'Ms. Agnes is being quite… civil. She's at home, having only left to go to work or the supermarket. This morning had a quick trip to the pharmacy. I'm keeping an eye of course, since it's very unexpected, shall we say?' Mycroft finishes, one eyebrow raised. It disturbingly reminded him of Sherlock.
He wakes up in hospital, as he's able to identify automatically due to experience ingrained in his brain, but said brain is also not so sure as to why there are no bombs nearby. He keeps expecting a loud noise disrupting his whole comprehension of reality, but it never comes. Instead there is the dim sound of a machine helping him to breath, and nurses and doctors quietly talking to him. Well, he assumes they are talking because their mouths move and there is vibration in the air, but he cannot capture any words. It resumes to wah wah wah, like they are the teacher of Charlie Brown.
They gather their things to close the office. As it is a bank holiday, no clients are scheduled for the day, to any of them. Donovan came in as favour they still permit, on the condition of not being too gruesome. Sherlock mainly delegates legwork to his Irregulars, who have been receiving extensive training for almost two years now. John has his own share of clients from the
'Well, you'd probably say it's about us.' Sherlock says as he puts the violin aside. 'But I composed with you in mind.'
So when she gives him a positive to come over, he doesn't hesitate. Everything sounds nice this evening, prospective sofa make-out session on the way, with potential to become full shagging. Sherlock promised to get the milk, no madman is threatening to bomb innocent bystanders for now. He can do this, he thinks as he struts feeling content on the way to the Tube.
I bet you all thought you'd seen the last of me. Sorry, sorry, no excuses for this delay! I'll try to post the last chapters as fast as I can so it's finished before series 4 (yes I'm aware of the short time frame. But who doesn't work better under pressure?).
Sherlock babbles something about Emilia Ricoletti and how Moriarty died, but he's talking quickly, changing constantly the volume of his voice and not finishing his sentences,
Sherlock's response to that had been 'It's the appropriate development milestone for a three months old child, John, don't get so enthusiastic.', but he had smiled all the same and John saw him surreptitiously taking a picture of her new development milestone on his phone when he thought John wasn't looking.
At the end of the last chapter John sends a text and Sherlock answers it. I deleted that after posting, because I remembered Sherlock didn't have his phone with him. Sorry!
They give him carrot and parsnip soup eventually. He has no idea what time (or day) it is, or what happened exactly after the explosion, and people keep ignoring his questions. Sherlock doesn't seem to be in the ward he's located, the other patients are too quiet. Well, most of them at least. Mr. Clearwater makes a scene every time he needs an examination. In general he is too tired to even think about any explanations so he just relents to resting, as the nurses suggest he does.
John swallows. Rosie seems very interested, and traces Sherlock's scars lightly before pinching his arm. Sherlock grimaces when she pulls off an arm hair and gently extracts her hand, putting it over the side of his leg, where he was stabbed by the creepy stalker. Because of the infection, the healing process was a bit messy, leaving a hypertrophic scar that could be felt through thin clothes such as his pyjama bottoms. 'This was a bad man's job. He's in jail now.'
'Tell me about how you met Mrs. Hudson. What were you doing in Florida?' he closes his eyes to enhance his other sensations.
His trainer was a short brunette called Shannon. She instructs him to do a warming-up and then teaches basic positions for hands, feet and knees. At the end of his hour she makes him shadow fight in front of a mirror.
Ella raises an eyebrow to him. ‘So why did you want to meet me? Historically you give sessions a break when you are well.’
Sherlock appears at his side, both looking at the fire eating the little object. The smell of burnt plastic invades his nostrils. In the background Rosie throws the piano on the floor again.
Two teenage girls are laying on the grass covered by a duvet, gossiping and thinking they people are not paying attention to them, as it’s usual for teenagers. The short-haired brunette says she’s still reading the book she borrowed, but she keeps touching her earlobes. She’s lying, she lost the book somewhere. Probably the tube station.
It's a lovely thing to flirt around shamelessly, so they dedicate themselves to it while waiting for David, who rings in punctually. They assume their positions.
An hour later she takes pity on them, and suggests they go back. She does have a vase of peace lily and seems happy about it, so the whole trip hasn't been a fiasco. John now works in the mornings, so he will probably be home soon, which cheers Sherlock up. They are approaching Regent's park when he spots a figure walking purposefully in their direction.
He opens his mouth, but closes again. He's going to explain, John has to know about the issue that has been keeping him awake, but it's not fair on any of them, their biggest problem right now will be soon resolved, and if he verbalises his feelings all his efforts will just have a sour taste. He reformulates the explanation in his head, but what actually comes out of his mouth is a traitorous hiccup.
He's still wary of leaving Rosie with a sitter for the afternoon, but the twenty-something girl was recommended by Molly. Daughter of a work colleague or something like that. Mary has her annual appointment with her gynecologist in central London so she will take the car and pick Rosie up after that.
And then her tone completely changes, adopting a high pitch that sounds very unnatural. 'Hello, Rosamund! I missed you! Come on, talk to mama.' as she tries to pull the kid from Sherlock to her on arms.
John is finally satisfied with the disinfection of the scratches on Sherlock's hand. They are shallow and only bled right after the attack. 'I don't think I carry rabies. I mean, is it possible to be sick only at night?'
‘You could say so. But it’s absurd! He said himself he would never have something with a woman because he’s gay, but there’s this woman and I can’t
'Mrs. Hudson!' he gets up and runs to his coat hanger. 'There are some saline drops in the kitchen, would you use them on Rosie before she sleeps? Can you keep her for the night? It's a matter of emergency.'
It was simply found more and more evidences on Aadhya, including arms trafficking, homicide, illegal possession of firearms, gang formation, and hackering activities. It was all over the news. They even managed to identify an old professor from Essex, who said in interview it was a shame such a bright student to have lost herself. The Moriarty "Did you miss me" video was always replayed at the end to add dramatic effect.
'I'm awful at dancing and you know it.' he replies trying not to step on her feet or bump into her. 'Why this all of a sudden?'
Anna looks disgusted, frowning her nose. They reach Baker Street soon, thankfully. It crosses his mind to ask her to go home without him, but she's hot on his heels, so he leaves it be. Sherlock goes upstairs immediately, probably trying to conceal his state. Mrs. Hudson doesn't seem to be at home.
John couldn’t resist peppering kisses on him, sinking his fingers in the nest of curls. He pecked his mouth, cheekbone, jawline, and then back on the tip of the pointed nose, which got him another chuckle. He drew back a bit to look at him.
, it's my job to make things right. I'm going to prevent the worst thing you could do, this time.' he replies venomously.
He falls asleep once more before even noticing. He wakes up when another nurse comes in to check on the bandages a bit later. 'We just need to make sure nothing gets infected.' she says with a pleasantly rehearsed smile. 'The wood lacerations were somewhat deep.'
'Well, my family spends a lot of time here. I suppose John never got rid of the habit.' she keeps smiling, and John tries so hard but can't see past her careful kind Mary Morstan facade. She has been building it for years, so it makes sense. 'And you, Sherlock? Decided to expand the flat? I see some work is being done.'
A fortnight before Moriarty broke into the Tower of London, John and Sherlock had been working on a personal project. Sherlock had no cases, and experiments would only entertain him so far. So John asked him to share the techniques of building a mind palace. John was a far more modest person than Sherlock, so he called this project his Mind Bungalow, which Sherlock viewed as very amusing, but he agreed with a touch of proud that didn't go unnoticed.
It wasn't the baby's fault in any capacity the crap of a mother they had. They were John's blood. Of course he would stay with his son ou daughter. And surely he could not trust Anna-Greta to take care of this.
The silence that follows is quite telling. John sighs. 'I've been there too, you know. When I came back to London my sleep was so erratic sometimes I didn't even bother. I understand. Want to… talk about it?'
At lunchtime break he considers Ella's suggestion. He googles on his computer and finds some websites that offer a private journal. The idea is discarded soon, because he'd have to be very open about himself, and he'd be withholding his feelings, which doesn't help his situation. He needs an expiatory.
He compresses his lips together, moving his eyes to the corners, as if thinking. Or thinking of a way to say what's on his mind. 'You became a liability. It wasn't worth it anymore. However, she still has Rosie. If you go ballistic on her, she takes Rosie and becomes a single mother, a victim. Rosie can be taken care of by a number of people who will think she is just working a normal job, and she avoids prosecution. Drugging you specifically with a psychotropic that takes time to kick in, she wanted you to get to work like this. She knew by your fight that you weren't driving anymore, so you would arrive at work completely high.
He idly tries to guess if Sherlock sleeps in the middle of the bed or at one side. Then he catches himself and cut the train of thought, getting up to clean himself.
Undeniably he couldn't hold a candle at Sherlock's ability in this, since he had years of use. He also wasn't as disciplined as Sherlock, but he had been in medical school, so he gave himself some credit. He decided to start low, and make advantage of his already extended medical knowledge. He would build some cabinets to it in a humble bungalow.
The tabby cat seems to think he is a prey somehow? Before he can ask, the cat turns to look over their shoulder and then runs and climbs the wall of the stall, perching on top of it just out of the sight of the door opening. A short blond woman enters carrying a gun and a huge green parka, telling him with her eyes that she's not here to play jokes with him. Right behind her, … Jim the gay boyfriend?
John glances at Sherlock. The rapid passing street lights twinkle on his face, and his voice is a soft murmur. 'Why what?'
‘Janine.’ he pets the fair surface with his nose. ‘When I saw you kissing. It was a quite boring kiss.’
‘Strange how?’ Sherlock asks, steepling his fingers under his chin in the praying lookalike fashion.
A black car appears out of nowhere. The driver’s window is lowered to show a hard-looking man in suit. ‘She needs to go to the hospital!’
'And yet in the end the choices weren't yours.' Sherlock says. 'You weren't responsible for any of that. It's not your fault.'
He furrows his brow, reaching for the drawer where his phone is lying, on silent. 'Mary was supposed to pick her up an hour and a half ago.'
He hangs up before John can say anything, which is for best because he doesn't know what to say. The initial £550 for the annulment application would be a brutal cut to his budget. He learned to quit his pride in these matters long ago when he asked Sherlock for money right at the beginning of their friendship.
Sherlock inclines his head like his brain is doing heavy work. He looks confused enough for it to be true, John thinks. 'You're not sure you want her to come back.' he says suddenly, like it startles him.
making noise when she's asleep, and I'll need to adapt my working hours, I won't be able to go to cases with you at first, and not so frequently after. It's a lot!'
'Go change your socks before you catch a cold, dear. And stop dripping on my carpet.' they smile and move each in their own directions. 'By the way, John?'
(John actually wishes he could have arrived sooner. Perhaps things were different if he had just punched the man silly.)
It's not any cat of course, it's the tabby cat. As they walk closer, John can see their purple eyes gleaming at him. They stop in front of the bench and do a cat yoga pose to lick their back paw clean. John watches and watches and thinks, hell, it seems he's going to die anyway.
'Before we were interrupted, you were saying how you ended up on the streets after going jobless.' he pinches his waist playfully.
He returns to the kitchen to get some of the huge black garbage bags. He is pragmatic about throwing out everything he deems unnecessary. His bike has been unused for months, and he actually takes a moment to think about it. He wants to stay with it but he has to arrange a place to store it at 221B. Perhaps at 221C? It's not like the place will be rented, and he can add something monthly to Mrs. Hudson in exchange to it.
About two months ago she went to a hair salon to cut her hair to neck length and braid then in cornrows. A day later an envelope with a lock from her hair appeared at her kitchen counter, accompanied by a note saying he preferred them long, so he would keep the rest of the locks. She freaked out, and tried a second incident report, and once again nothing came out of it. Certain she was being followed and afraid for her life, she checked into a hotel and asked for Sherlock's help.
Sherlock shrugs. 'I don't know. My people know who is in London and who is not, but they can't go beyond that.'
They walk on tiptoes behind her. Sherlock apparently is still in the kitchen when she enters 221B. They hear her scolding him for making a mess at the table, Molly counts to three and they follow Mrs. Hudson into the flat, singing Happy Birthday.
By the spring of 2008 Rachel Bailey had been living in Missouri for almost a year. She worked as a receptionist in a dentist clinic, and arrived home at 7pm everyday. But sundays were always dreadful, being mostly at home. It made worse that she didn't have a real job in several weeks now. Honestly, it was time to move again.
'Hey! I was looking for you guys. I went home but the place is empty, except for furniture.' there's a spark in her eye as she looks at Sherlock, and the child in his arms. 'Looks like everything changed.'
. He answers Anna remotely as she expresses apprehension towards the news, but the only thing in his mind is that
The man glances nervously at John before looking back at Sherlock. John can’t help but notice they are quite lookalike ‘Yes. I… ahn… I thought it was the right thing to do.’
Every now and then he has to stop and recover his breath. One of the water bottles is positioned by the side of his work place so he can take a sip. His arms start to tremble and his shoulders hurt like hell, a headache begins to crawl up at the front of his skull, and he can only continue out of spite and adrenaline.
John is absolutely delighted at Sherlock's shocked face when they appear, transforming to disbelief at the hats. Mrs. Hudson manages to put one on him, and John trusted Greg to be filming the whole event in his phone. Sherlock's exasperation is betrayed by the gleam in his eyes when he sees the cake, but everyone lets him think he's fooling them.
He keeps gazing at Sherlock, who keeps avoiding him. He goes to the kitchen to drink a glass of water. The black paper bag mocks him. He stays there a minute or two longer than he needed. In fact, scratch that, he needs it very much. He takes a deep breath and comes back to the living room. Sherlock looks like someone who was defeated painfully. John walks to him and stops only when the point of his boots are touching Sherlock's obscenely expensive dress shoes. He still doesn't look up from the floor.
He squats slowly. 'Sherlock was not supposed to die.' he informs the cat, who opens both eyes now. 'How can we fix this?'
". Another irregular, a scrubby girl in her late teens called Nancy, gets the thermal box and a fifty. A bit later Molly confirms she has received it.
'You're not going to drink?' Sherlock asks cautiously, still marveling John's knee touching his thigh. 'There's still whisky in the cupboard.'
This is the fourth luxury flat he finds empty. The junior minister laid a thick hand on this entrepreneurship. Corruption is always so tedious.
He tries moving. His wrists are bound to his back and his ankles are tied together. Marvelous. He escaped from dying in Afghanistan, comes back to London looking on the bright side that at least he will be able to shag a woman again, does not manage a shag before he suffers attempted murder once again.
'Oh, for god's sake!' she spits at him. 'He was never in real danger. Mycroft Holmes had everything in his pocket agenda.'
'You have some nerve on you, don't you?' she interrupts him and the smooth façade drops, finally showing she is bordering on choleric. John's mouth snaps shut. 'I
And then his body is… doing something. Acting generally weird. He opens the wardrobe door to look at the full-length mirror at the inside of the door. A shiver runs through his whole frame, and an involuntary hum grows at the back of his throat, like an engine. His shoulders hunch painfully all of a sudden, and he falls to his knees. But his weight is quite light, so it doesn't make the thump he expected. In fact, he feels lighter and lighter and lighter.
He gets anxious again, pacing around. He goes to the loo to relieve himself, and wash his face. Anna is still looking at the photographs in the sofa when he hears a car parking outside. He peers Mycroft coming up to his door through the window. He moves to open the door for him. Mycroft looks fatigued, which had never occurred before, not even in the night he summoned John to inform he had sold information on Sherlock to Moriarty.
No news under the sun, not betaed not britpicked not first language, any mistakes please point them out and explain!
Sherlock just minimally shakes his head, and shifts some inches closer. John removes the space between them, maneuvering into the folded area and biting the curve of his neck right when it becomes his shoulder. Sherlock's arms encircle him tightly, making a noise from the back of his throat. John unlocks his teeth and kisses gently the spot. He drifts to the earlobe just above it, murmurs into his ear 'Tell me.', and bites it.
He had considered his old friends only for a moment before remembering Sherlock’s video for his birthday, so he crossed all of them out.
'Ah, should have known.' John says, giving away his gun for one of the MI6 guys to collect it, while the other two drag Brent Sullivan away. 'But how did you know this was happening?'
On the sixth day, he notices Sherlock is not only playing with Rosie to get rid of the boredom of them both, he is testing her abilities. On the development milestones chart he has been keeping (
doesn't remember me?' he growls, gesturing the gun to accentuate his words. 'She ruined my life and my face!'
‘All right.’ he says not really paying attention to that. He just firmly walks to the detective and only halts when there’s no personal space between them. ‘And can I say hello to you?’
It's kinda funny seeing his feathers getting all ruffled. 'Did your brother set you up? I always suspected he knew too much for a whatever man in the government.'
In sum, it's very cosy, but it doesn't contain stir-craziness from both Sherlock Holmes and Rosie Watson.
Second reason the adoption topic hasn't come out is his lack of closure from her. He doesn't know what is going to happen in the close future, nevermind forever. He needs to be sure there are no impediments. He needs to get rid of this terrible obstacle he put himself into.
He almost misses it, but the purple eyes suddenly glow electric blue. It lasts a second, and the cat jumps out of the hole with a
'Really? Deal with him, that's what you do now? I thought you had stopped dealing with people after Magnussen.'
Mycroft opens his mouth and then closes it, looking down and pressing his lips thinly. 'We'll talk during another opportunity then. Gentlemen, we are leaving.'
She doesn't sit at the foldable chair, preferring to stand over his bed, touching his arm. Moves to hold his hand. He stares at it instead of looking at her.
. Everything about his marriage went forward because of a sense of duty, a necessity of showing the world he could do normal by proposing to his (not long term at all) girlfriend. That he was able to get over Sherlock Holmes and constitute a family that didn't include dead people.
Sherlock shifts, but prefers to tuck his face in John's neck. John simply puts his arms all around the detective and doesn't comment on the humid feeling he's leaving on his skin. 'Do you have these often? Was it… about our conversation in the bathroom?' he asks tenderly.
John favours from his silence and continues. 'I was so bloody angry that you had made me a fool that I refused to see, again, the signs you always show. And you were going to do it, weren't you? The Moriarty excuse, that was bullshit. Mycroft's face, you didn't get to see that. He
Ok, I FORGOT about yesterday's chapter, so sorry kasndknaska. So this is from 5th prompt, and later today I'll post the sixth prompt. Also, you guys can follow me on tumblr thanks-mike-stamford
‘It's not… it’s not with everyone. Sherlock is not a social person. At all. He barely glances at people if they are not a corpse.’ she doesn’t even blink at this statement. ‘So when he
'Sherlock told me where your priorities lie right now. What do you plan next?' Mycroft asks bluntly, with a serious expression, looking at him right in the eye. John blinks twice.
I want to thank SO MUCH everyone who subscribed, left kudos, who bookmarked, and specially the few ones who took their time to leave a comment. You're amazing!
He falters, realizing he had been smiling all this time. Sherlock and Anna had been very amicable to each other, even plotting on his back. Well, you say plotting. More like having silly conversations about John and the wedding. He is also a far greater actor than John, perhaps if he kept being friendly it would add up to the performance?
So everyday she was, oh, so lovely to him. Happy good mornings, good afternoons, good-bye see you tomorrows. Being solicitous. Grinning when they exchanged looks. Bringing coffee in their intervals - making sure their intervals coincided.
He climbs the bike and rides forward, ignoring the motorbike slow behind him. About ten minutes later, where he normally turns right to go deep in the suburbs, some blocks from home, he keeps going ahead, without even moving his eyes in that direction. Reaching the main avenue, busy with people and traffic, he enters a park where he knows the man would need to leave his motorbike to follow him.
On the first day he waits in vain, because nobody appears. He follows Keona to work, and Todd is there. Keona does what Sherlock told her to, which is to take a pre-accorded cab to a place at home's general direction, and then get another random cab back to a different hotel. Todd wouldn't see the move if he took the tube, and would be slow in getting a cab during rush hour, so to keep the pretence she had come back home. He can't know she's not in her original location now.
“We here in the British empire are de-voted to our three values, the indus- industrial proactivity of our citizens, unrelenting colonial occu-pat-i-on and the tantamount slavery of the poor.”
“True enough, but there is no base, no hub of operation. Gangs tend to have a shared ethos, an identity. Hence why I used the term organisation.”
Both Sherlock and John respond in confused unison, “What?” Mary holds a moment to quirk her lips into a smile at the curious synchronicity, before continuing,
“Oh?” The map was dotted with pins and shorthand scribbled in red,“This is awfully prolific for a criminal”
The interior was in some ways well kept, with clean hallways, but areas were dusty and webbed with disuse, being one person in a house built more for ten. Their host pointed out the bedrooms, the lounge, the labs and kitchen, before dashing off into the kitchen herself.
It was not too long a trek, moving into perhaps marshier lands, but the paths were dry and well-worn, before finally arriving at the apiary.
Sherlock rose a little from where he was sprawled in front of the fire, seized her by the shoulders, looked at her, and kissed her on both cheeks. She responded by pulling back and clasping him on the collar.
“Though not so much as your Watson there? Ah,” She turned to face the husband and wife more, “I met him through Mycroft myself. Sherlock had come to some... revelations, and needed a place to lodge. Having undergone similar revelations myself, though in perhaps the opposite direction, I was available for Mycroft to call on for aid, and who was I to turn down such a promising chemist?”
“Whu- what. No just, just one moment” John stretches, highlighting the press of his shirt against his shoulders, much to the enjoyment of the other two individuals in the room.
Holmes was beginning to consider the possibility that just a little bit of romanticism was good, actually, having failed to notice that he was practically breathing it instead of air these days. Good on him.
The drawing room is much the same, but for a large map of London on one wall, and stacks of papers piled on a chair.
Mary laughed in response, “This is hardly the most welcoming I could be, I’m just taking it slow for your sake.” Sherlock’s brows shot up, then furrowed, then shot up again.
“And though we are friends I have only really experienced Holmes by proxy. I would like to know Holmes as you know him, John”
Mary stood a little straighter, cheeks lightly pinked as John rushed to the door. He was greeted by a cloud of black wool and good cheer, which proceeded to embrace him, calling his name and transferring the better part of a pond onto John’s own fresh shirt and trousers. Even if they turn your shirt translucent immediately it is decidedly tricky to be irritated at a dear friend. John decided that he’d far rather be pleased to see Sherlock than bemoan about his ruined shirt.
case at that. So it was that Mary and John’s neighbors looked out their windows to see a very determined gentleman battling the downpour, and commended his efforts from a safe, warm, dry distance. Meanwhile, inside the Watson house, Mary had just exclaimed that even Sherlock Holmes would be dissuaded from forging out in weather as perfectly horrid as this.
“Nonsense man, it is good to see you again. Head on up, and I’ll get you some tea.” He thanked her, but,
John fell into a more conversational tone “No, that was not what I was driving at. Just that this is something new...?”
“I choose to second that question,” spoke Mary, "Though perhaps in cooler air, this heat doesn't lend itself to hard talk,"
The next morning awoke a mass of happiness, hangovers, and blankets, before separating out, organising themselves and setting to head on back to London and to home.
John kissed him again, and his heart had not felt so bright in some time. Perhaps, Sherlock mused, a little romanticism has some worth.
Some time later, it was another Saturday, another tea. The morning was clear, with the sort of brisk wind that allowed one to wear a nice big coat without getting damp. The best kind of weather.
' into his wife's ear. As mentioned, odd. John would've known he would be in his clothes, he'd said as much heading up, so this change is the result of... seeing him? But why? He'd followed decorum, he's not-
And they took their usual seats, able to lean into them, drawing comfort from the soft cushioning and each other's company.
Continuing to talk, they finished their food, and both Sherlock and the Lady Bell went off into the labs, which were both the cleanest and best-maintained area of the whole house, to potter about for a bit before she headed out. The Watsons withdrew to the largest guest bedroom, in which was a hefty four-poster, and large windows obscured by thick green curtains. The pair proceeded to unpack for a few minutes, before heading out to the grounds.
What they found was Sherlock trying his hand at cooking, their host having left for Paris.  Unfortunately for both them and the cooking, Sherlock had been all but relying on Mrs Hudson for anything beyond tea the past six years. Mary swept in and took control, where Sherlock was looking quite puzzled at the burnt toast and sausages that would not cook.
kind of rain, stinging and bitter. So, in the significantly less crowded streets of Outer London, Sherlock Holmes was heading to his friends house for tea. It was a Saturday, you see. It would have taken a case for Sherlock Holmes to miss Tea at the Watsons, and an
"Where's what?" John responds with a bland smile that wouldn't fool a small child. Sherlock could strangle John for this appalling inadequacy, but he has just saved Sherlock's life. As far as character flaws go, compulsory honesty isn't too terrible. It does mean he will have to re-evaluate the amount of flirtation John has engaged in, as he may simply be rubbish at keeping a passing attraction to himself even if he does fully accept a rejection.
"Nothing wrong with your house, Mrs. Hudson, which is more than can be said for the dead serial killer on the first floor," Sherlock assures her.
"I never said you couldn't come up," John reminded him gently and hurried to get back in his pajamas. Sherlock came up and slithered into bed next to him.
"Yeah, I was there when you came by to fetch him, looking to rent a room from Mrs. Hudson. Flat-share, actually, as the upstairs is just a bed and bog. That's how Mike set us up, might have to phone him and ask what the blazes..." John says absently as he looks up at the sky tiredly, hoping to discern which way was north despite being recently accustomed to the brighter and differently positioned stars of a rural setting and distant latitude. No luck with the patchy cloud cover obscuring most of the sky. What he did see brought his thoughts to a halt. There, among the chimney pots on the roof across the street, was Sherlock Holmes. Tall frame lit by the full moon and the shine of a thousand city lights, he cuts an imposing figure as he stalks along one roof-line and then turns abruptly to dash to the other side of the building to look down along the other side.
Mycroft had facilitated Sherlock moving in, letting him take the funds to cover the security deposit out of his usual monthly allowance as a Christmas gift, but he would have to get a flatmate. No amount of wheedling would loosen Mycroft's iron-fisted hold on Sherlock's finances, and the expected increase in clients wasn't likely to help him make the first few month's rent. That was something he'd have to build over time and his reserves were not enough to last more than eight weeks without an immediate influx of cash. Not when he'd just splurged on a large supply of ready to eat frozen meals that he lost during his unexpected eviction and would never see a penny of his old flat's security deposit despite not leaving any permanent property damage behind this time. Theoretically, he had enough in his monthly allowance to cover it, but Mrs. Hudson didn't take plastic and Mycroft wouldn't let him have a draft set up for the full amount. Housing should not be more than one third his total income, according to his brother, and it was part of his agreement when he got out of rehab to follow certain guidelines. Even when he added his trust allowance as if it was income to stretch the numbers, something Mycroft had not done when he cited the figures, his annual budget was still short by a couple hundred pounds. That Mycroft would not give him even that tiny bit of leeway on the arbitrary rule was hateful. He could afford it if he had proper access to his own money, but unfortunately he did not.
"That's rich coming from you," Anderson answered with a vague gesture that might or might not be pointing at John's gloved hand holding his ratty notebook or the cane propped next to the railing he was leaning on.
I choose to believe most of the sister arc was hallucinations caused by Sherlock relapsing due to the after-effects of his undercover crusade to take down Moriarty's crime syndicate, similar to his time traveling in The Abominable Bride. Hey, there is precedent for it in the show, so we can run with that premise! In the reality I choose to inhabit, Series 5 will obviously start with a welcome home party for Sherlock coming out of rehab, explaining how new baby Watson got so big so fast in the shots of her playing with her Godfather. Sherlock and John will go to therapy together with back-to-back appointments while Mrs. Hudson watches Rosie, and the two of them have a strong relationship (just friends or otherwise) where they keep each other on track with the anger management/addiction recovery.
"Right then," Sherlock said decisively, then started running through the logic aloud in order to properly refocus his mind on the things that mattered. "You have a point about getting into position before we trigger the killer. There were a few options I had for a stakeout location, but I've narrowed down the parameters considerably. We have no way to know how much she told the killer prior to her death. Best to go closer to the city center, as it won't be credible if we try to lure him out this far. It must seem to come from the victim, you understand, so it can't be far from where she would have been staying. Angelo is quite happy to let me use his place of business for such things on occasion, providing an ideal location."
"We will only need to wait fifteen minutes or so to send the text to ensure that it remains charged long enough to get to a proper stakeout location. I told you, we can set the time frame if we have to, though the exact wording needs to be perfect," Sherlock reworded what he'd said in the cab, which was tedious. Why was John being tedious all of the sudden? He pulled off his gloves to search out some nicotine patches from his pockets. Only two, which was suddenly a problem. Even just opening his eyes to get his coat and jacket off filled his head with garbage deductions from the state of the carpet. He managed the sit on the square little loveseat, though he could feel John's eyes on him as he fumbled off the wrapper of the first patch. Perhaps this was where it would go wrong? It always went wrong somehow, but he'd hoped he could at least get one whole case finished before John realized how unlikable Sherlock was and started teasing him.
"Will you come?" The entire exchange is fast, almost rote, but John does catch that Sherlock has done something off-script judging by the other man's face.
Mrs. H knew that John practiced with a scalpel on various cuts of meat, cutting pockets to stuff with herbs or cheese and stitching them shut among other experiments in creative butchery. Sherlock was always quite appreciative of the culinary experiments and examined the hesitation and tool marks for use in any cases involving creative butchery, then repaid John by having excellent pescatarian-friendly dishes delivered from various restaurants while the beef or lamb was in the oven. Sherlock himself avoided pork because of his work with corpses, something John informed the frustrating man that he could have mentioned when John told him about the sale at Tesco’s instead of after John had made four portions of elaborately stuffed loin. D.I. Lestrade had arrived during the row about waste that followed, and Sherlock unloaded the meat onto the older man so quick Lestrade was left standing stunned on the sidewalk outside 221B, bakeware in hand, for several minutes before he hurried home to get it cooking. At the end of that case Lestrade returned the dish and asked John where he bought the kid-friendly meal with its geometric stuffing, but Sherlock started talking loudly about Anderson's latest affair and got them evicted from the scene before any embarrassing admissions were made.
Captain John Hamish Watson, MBBS, MRCS, most recently attached to the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers on a mission to set up a new field hospital in freshly re-claimed Afghani territory, didn't go in for escapism much. Sure, he liked a good movie, who didn't? He was also a bit of a slag, escaping into nights of passion where he showed off his army-toned body, but mostly he fell into the realist set. One of those who spent all their free time training, talking shop, or in leisure activities that were either horribly cliche or honed work-related skills. Drinking, fucking, and training their way through the ever-growing piles of stress was the manly way to go about military service for generations, after all.
"You're a doctor." John looks over to the doorway expectantly. With the way the man assumes things, like how it is perfectly obvious that he will get the bedroom with the shorter climb and that John would agree to move in to this flat with him before John had even seen it, he doubts the man is prone to stating the bleeding obvious without significant cause. "In fact, you're an army doctor."
"Quite right," Sherlock says softly, smiling down at this surprising man. A soldier first, then, and quite deadly indeed. The world should be glad John Watson had such a strong moral compass.
"Still, bit of a risk, isn't it? Here?" Sherlock says, his voice trembling. His mind is still fuzzy, and he is operating mostly on autopilot.
The rest of the cab ride was quiet, but not the easy quiet that they had previously. At least not on Sherlock's end, as John looked quite relaxed and used his position closer to the curb to exit the vehicle before Sherlock could disengage his anxiously circling thoughts enough to move. After paying the driver -
"You're not playin' the numbers, you're playin' me. Did I just give you the good pill or the bad pill?" Sherlock blinks slowly, feeling slow. He hates feeling slow, even with the drug to blame. Downers were never his preference.
"So, no internal exchange of bodily fluids until further notice. Is that good enough to start or is there something else you want to be sure of before you can relax?"
"Pink... Media..." John mutters to himself, looking back through his notes as the forensics team gets to work looking for trace evidence. The talent for shorthand he'd developed in medical school served him well, he'd hardly been thinking about it as he scribbled out the details with his off hand without sullying his sterile working hand. "Oh, Anderson, you need to change your left glove, if you haven't already."
"Don't look it, do I? Funny little man, drives a cab. But you'll know better in a minute. Chances are it'll be the last thing you ever know," the cabbie says smugly. Sherlock finally gets his head up and glares up at the man.
"Sherlock, the mess you've made!" Mrs. Hudson moaned when she caught sight of the currently unusable kitchen, distracting her from her ruminations on John and Sherlock's relationship status. The older woman snatched up a bin and stalked into the cluttered room to try and make sense of the jumble covering the worktops and table. John mused that the bin was probably the worst tool to take up in the battle between the Kitchen and Chemistry Lab that was underway in that room, as everything John could identify was quite expensive and in good condition.
"Dear God. What's it like inside your funny little brains? It must be so boring," Sherlock complains, then launches into another explanation while poking his phone. "Her coat: slightly damp. She's been in heavy rain in the last few hours. No rain anywhere in London until the last few minutes. Under her coat collar is damp, too. She's turned it up against the wind. She's got an umbrella in her left-hand pocket but it's dry and unused: not just wind, strong wind – too strong to use her umbrella. We know from her suitcase that she was intending to stay overnight, so she must have come a decent distance but she can't have traveled more than two or three hours because her coat still hasn't dried. So, where has there been heavy rain and strong wind within the radius of that travel time? Cardiff." As he finishes speaking, Sherlock turns his phone to face Lestrade. John can't see it from here, but looking up the weather is such a simple thing that for a moment he can't see why they hadn't done so themselves.
"I propose an exemption for any incidental exchange of saliva caused by enthusiastic kissing," Sherlock squeaked out.
"If you wouldn't mind." Instantly Angelo leans forward, seizes Sherlock by the scruff with one hand and his arm in the other and drags him out of his chair.
"Yes, kissing is fine," Sherlock immediately said, nervously clarifying "good, even. Preferable to not kissing, but not preferable to ending our understanding about the sleeping arrangements."
- and carried the pink case upstairs behind John's heavily limping frame. Once in his new flat, Sherlock tossed his long coat aside and got to work processing the pink bundle of evidence. John hovered nearby, clearly ready to be useful.
"Two-two-one B!" Sherlock pleads, a exact duplication of the actions of the entitled idiots he'd gone to Uni with, stumbling a bit against the side of the cab.
"Why have I got this blanket?" Sherlock asked the paramedic. The man turns away wordlessly, looking deeply harassed, which is unfair because he ought to be more invested in his job given its importance. He spots Lestrade walking up to him and changes focus. "They keep putting this blanket on me."
"He had fish and chips from that shop you hate just before death," Sherlock answered deliberately vaguely, pointing in the necessary direction so that only John would understand which one he meant before picking up a tiny plastic fish with a pair of tweezers. "These are anchovies, not cod, and you always complain that the fish there stinks like old anchovies when I use it as a stakeout location." John nodded to confirm that this was a deliberate choice and not symbolic of fish in general - or rather that he'd worked the detail to his advantage after looking at his limited options for tiny plastic foodstuffs among the more realistic dollhouse accessories he'd found. Sherlock pointed at the most obvious clue, which was the carefully folded respiratory system next to him that had been partially stuffed with red ribbon to indicate inhaled blood. "He was killed using a knitting needle, plunged into his neck repeatedly until it broke, damaging the wind pipe and piercing the esophagus. The killer attempted to remove any lingering forensic evidence by skinning the victim. There was no skin and only a little bit of blood found at the scene..." Sherlock explained, holding up the box John gave him for Christmas full of 'blood splatter' and 'hair samples.'
Christmas was nicer than John thought it would be, given that both John and Sherlock's friendships had been heavily strained by the aftermath of Sherlock's 'hiatus' and return. Even with seven months of settling back in it wasn't the same as their previous Christmas parties. Molly was no longer infatuated with Sherlock, which triggered Sherlock to treat her much more like a respected colleague than a willing servant. John guessed that a fair amount of the residual distance Sherlock's time as a druggie had caused in his family had been worked out when Sherlock met with his parents to explain his faked death. Mr. Scott and Mrs. Violet Holmes had since made a habit of dropping in at least once a month, and they gossiped with Mrs. Hudson for most of the party. Greg was so glad for the drop in the number of unsolved crimes he brought some of his fine spirits to celebrate with. The D.I. managed to talk Mycroft into some sort of drinking game that ended with both of them being poured into a car by Mycroft's staff. John teased Sherlock's upcoming birthday surprise with his Christmas gift, wrapping some hazelnut chocolates atop a mystery box that he refused to put into context. The tall man spent most of the time after opening it distracted by the box full of oddly-shaped knitting, a torn-off section of a stained map, a snapped in half knitting needle, and a cheap cameo brooch John had found at a second-hand shop and intentionally damaged. The card read:
"And a mystery, which will likely lead to concert tickets to that American group that is coming to London," Sherlock said as he worked another plastic chip out of the stomach. "Sorry, John, but you weren't exactly subtle about that part."
Unfortunately, the second bedroom being up another flight of stairs was a bit of an issue that would need ironing out since Sherlock seemed intent on taking this one. The high ceilings in the Victorian-era building were a great contrast to the closed-in little box John had been living out of since his release from hospital, but seventeen steps per floor was asking a lot of his leg on a bad day. John climbed up to the other bedroom to know what sort of argument he'd have to construct. The stairs terminated at a landing with only one door, though from the way the landing was shaped there used to be another door at some point in history that had been blocked off. The upstairs bedroom was painted a soothing blue, had its own toilet attached (the location of which explained why the landing looked like it did,) and was a fair bit larger than the downstairs bedroom. A bit spacious for the heart of London in general, even. It had slightly mismatched furniture just like the rest of the flat: a double bed, two nightstands: one modern glass and steel and one weathered oak, an Austin Powers inspired dressing table, and a large more modern-looking storage cabinet that might have come from Ikea. It also sported a rather solid old wooden desk against one wall that the other bedroom didn't have. The closet was behind a narrow door and barely deep enough for a hanger to fit. John had a strong feeling that explained Sherlock's preference for the smaller room more than anything else. John honestly would have preferred this room if it wasn't for his leg, as it had a nice view of the back garden and the privacy of his own toilet and sink was a serious bonus. Then again, half the rent - even reduced - of a two bedroom one and a half bath flat this size might be more than John could afford, rendering the question moot.
- accommodating. Yes, John was quite accommodating of Sherlock's scientific apparatus taking up much of the kitchen. His initial displeasure at finding out that all the clutter in 221B belonged to Sherlock had faded quickly. As soon as Sherlock demonstrated a willingness to make room in the parlor for his potential flat mate's things the former soldier visibly relaxed and went upstairs to examine the second bedroom, returning looking satisfied. Perhaps he wanted to display some memorabilia collected from his travels or just a photograph or two of his army mates in uniform. That would be an interesting addition to the aesthetic: a candid shot of fit men in uniform sweating in the sun, or perhaps a proper portrait of his unit in dress uniform from some function. -
"Out of my restaurant! Cretino! You're drunk!" Sherlock stumbles clumsily across the floor as Angelo bundles him toward the door, continuing to insult him in Italian and making a splendid scene until he shoves Sherlock out into the street. "And stay away!"
"We don't know it isn't," Sherlock responds, and that is the more important point. Angelo puts the glass down in front of Sherlock, about to suggest a meal to go with it. "Thank you," Sherlock says before the chef can start. He picks up the glass, closing his eyes. Then he throws the wine into his own face. A few dabs with the napkin to ensure he isn't visibly dripping or in danger of getting any of the alcohol in his eyes and he looks over at John's befuddled face. "Watch. Don't interfere." Then, to Angelo he says: "Headless nun."
"But I've still got questions for you." Sherlock spun around to face the irritatingly persistent D.I.
"Oh, do as he says. Help yourself," Lestrade bites off before stepping back and leaning out the door to tell the forensics team to wait their turn.
"One doesn't," John chuckled. "One knits it himself, to the perpetual horror of the landlady's knitting circle one is getting advice from. If you catch cold, I will force you to visit a clinic even if you haven't finished the puzzle yet."
"Aneurysm," the cabbie confirms with a smile. He lifts his right hand and taps the side of his head. Sherlock smiles in satisfaction. "Right in 'ere. Any breath could be my last. It's your own 'ope, Mr. 'olmes. Bet on the aneurysm."
"I said, how do you make them take the poison?" Sherlock asks again, his tone firm. He'd found the murderer, now he just needed to figure out how he'd done it.
"The term seems self-explanatory," Sherlock replied, finally relaxing a little. John dropped back down onto the sofa and patted the cushion next to him. He waited for Sherlock to sit down before elaborating.
"I'd hypothesized something between ballistics gel over a plaster skeleton and a dressed-up inflatable doll depending on the amount of time and work you put into creating it. How does one commission a knitted cadaver?"
"Thank you, Angelo." Sherlock's dismissal goes completely unnoticed as Angelo is speaking only to John.
"No, I work with corpses. Often ones that have been poorly treated including exposure to high heat. Also, pigs are used in forensic studies as human flesh analogs. At least when one is working with generalities or preliminary findings a dead pig is an excellent substitute for a human cadaver. In select cases, there is no functional difference between the two. Given the limited supply of genuine samples, the institutions focused on preserving life get the first chance at the real thing and the other sciences split the leftovers. Pigs take up the deficit."
"Doesn't matter; it was poison," Sherlock dismisses with a wave of his hand. "Same pattern each time." Sherlock picks up the woman's hand and looks at it while he is talking. He sniffs at her face, palm, and nails, much as John had, but then gently shifts her clothing more than John had. "Each one of them disappears from their normal lives: from the theater, from the office, from the pub." John has to move out of the way as Sherlock comes around to the other side of the body, continuing to gently examine the body. He checks her pockets and prods at her coat here and there, even turning her collar up for a moment. "Then, turn up a few hours later somewhere they've no reason to be, dead." Sherlock's voice has slowly lost volume as he explained, ending up soft and sad before shaking himself and starting to speak at normal volume again. "No marks of violence on the body, no suggestion of compulsion. Each of them has taken the same poison – and, as far as we can tell, taken it voluntarily."
"Five completely different people. They had no friends in common, and another thing I mentioned earlier: Lauriston Gardens. Twitching curtains all around. Little old ladies, they are my favorite. Better than any security cameras, but according to the police, no one remembers a strange car parked outside an empty building. Not one person remembered even though someone must have seen." Sherlock leaned forward, watching the crease between John's eyes deepen in thought.
Then he met an army doctor recently invalided home due to injury. His brain had not been behaving itself since, with incessant stray thoughts jumbling his carefully maintained thought process regularly despite a very clear and rational desire to have John Watson as a flatmate. Even now, instead of going over details of a very interesting set of serial killings, Sherlock found himself reviewing his short acquaintance instead.
"Right, so it is my turn?" Sherlock asked, but barreled ahead without waiting for an answer, his cheeks just a pink as John's and his eyes fixed on the coffee table. "I may have deleted a lot of the relevant data, but I find unprotected anal sex to be rather unsanitary and I doubt anything will ever distract me from that thought well enough for me to perform it on another person; however, I have used and enjoyed assistive devices that simulate the act being performed on myself." John summoned every ounce of medical professionalism to summarize.
"Night, Mrs. Hudson!" Grinning like schoolboys, they continue down the road as Mrs. Hudson turns to argue her way into her house.
"She's German. 'Rache': it's German for 'revenge.' She could be trying to tell us something..." John turns to see Anderson leaning on the door-frame, one hand posed in pretentious thoughtfulness on his chin with his fingers touching his mouth. John's mind fills with a montage of every textbook, warning sign, lecture, and shouted chastisement from a superior he's ever encountered on how to properly utilize sterile gloves. John wouldn't touch his mouth with the same glove that had touched a dead body out of caution for his own health at the very least.
"If they are on, if someone answers the call, if the target has the latest software on the phone itself, if there are at least three cellular towers in range of the phone that are also properly modern, then yes, they could narrow it down to a four to six-hundred meter radius. It is a far less reliable option than you might assume to track a cell phone by tracing a call, particularly if the phone is not answered. Those crime dramas in print or film are riddled with future tech and inaccuracies," Sherlock said with a dismissive huff, taking a few swallows of the now tepid tea. John said 'we,' lit fireplaces, made tea, and shared laughter with him: he could put that aside as a list to review later. "You have your phone?"
"Ah, no pork for me," Sherlock offers in exchange. John's brow furrows, and his next question is so hesitant that he clearly realizes that Sherlock must be an Atheist, as most scientists truly were no matter what level of respect they chose to give to their family traditions.
"I see what you're saying," John starts, slowly. Sherlock fidgets in his seat expectantly, waiting for John's guess. He doesn't seem at all sure, and looks down to poke at his pasta before looking up and admitting, "No I don't. What are you saying: that the killer's got an invisible car?"
"Gas, thankfully, the electric ones are no better than decorative hotplates." Sherlock wasn't sure why he was still talking. "Wood-burning would be my personal preference, but that is obviously impossible to manage in Westminster."
"Well of course he was confidant! It's just like... oh, fuck what was the movie? Anyway, in that the glass of water he gave the victim was tainted and all the pills were harmless alone," John said with a dismissive wave. "It was all the same in the end: the pills were a sham. This time the poison was in the shot he gave to make his victims easier to handle. Mix some other downer in with a shot strong enough to make a grown man pass out, or any of a host of other things... you said he had an aneurysm? Christ, I could make a list as long as my arm for all the things it could have been in those pills that wouldn't hurt him, even if he didn't do something like pop an activated charcoal tablet while you were out. Could have been his own medications for god's sake. He'd just be taking his usual evening meds." Sherlock stopped to stare at John.
John is so detached from the nearly-automatic polite small talk that he might as well be drugged. He hardly sees his surroundings as Mike leads him inside Bart's and into one of the lab rooms to meet some other lost soul who can't afford to rent a flat in London on his own. There's a skinny man there; the details take time to fully register. Tight suit jacket and expensive black jeans - dressed a bit posh for lab work but not ridiculously so - just a little upper class and not some office worker dabbling or running errands then. Striking features, sharp cheekbones under pale skin topped with black-brown curly hair well past the length John would ever let his own reach that made him look about twelve... and somehow, he knows entirely too much about John's life for someone who has supposedly never met him. John has the impression the younger man is eager to escape their company even as he seems to take it as a given that John will agree to rent a flat with him, which seems contradictory since he'd presumably need to enjoy John's company to want to share living space. In fact, the taller man is so eager to abandon what he was doing and rush off he nearly forgets to mention his name or the address of the flat he's had his eye on before dashing out the door, leaving John with a wink he isn't sure how to interpret and a feeling not dissimilar from the morning after he'd shared a bottle of bathtub whiskey with his college dorm mates and woke up next to some sheep. He never did figure out how he'd gotten that far from his preferred Urban habitat. After the fast-talking man leaves, Mike explains that Sherlock Holmes can do that to anybody, but Mike doesn't know how. It's just something Holmes can do, and Mike seems to find it mildly amusing. As they are parting ways Mike seems more like he's shown John something amusing to distract him than something actually helpful.
"We'll have to mention it to Mrs. Hudson. She will claim it is a rare thing she's doing just the once, but any significant amount of time spent in her company will see you fed and watered on a regular basis whether or not you need it. It would be most unfortunate for her to offer up a Shepperd's Pie or some other homemade delicacy and have to navigate some form of polite refusal."
"Sherlock!" the loud, boisterous voice of the restaurant's owner interrupts the conversation. Angelo continues in a lower, more conspiratorial tone. "Anything on the menu, whatever you want, free. All on the house, for you and your date."
"I ran after the cab, called the police, of course, and then I thought, better keep an eye on you," John explains, almost as if he hadn't heard what Sherlock had just said. Sherlock looks at him closely.
"Then I choose for you, and I force it down your throat. Right now there's nothing you could do to stop me." Sherlock blinks at this, aware that he is probably too weak to fend the man off. With the way he'd moved Sherlock's dead weight around, age hadn't made the cabbie frail. Just then the landline phone begins to ring. "Funnily enough, no one's ever gone for that option. And I don't think you will either." Sherlock looks across to the phone.
"Those permits cover trace evidence and samples of human tissue one gram or less in size, not whole thumbs," Lestrade pointed out.
While John kept his hands busy, Sherlock relaxed into the inadequate loveseat with his hands pressed together and turned his focus inward to play out a few different scenarios. A sudden chase through London's streets, the urgency and danger of catching a killer reminding John enough of his days as a soldier to command all of his attention, might get rid of his limp. Those happened often enough in Sherlock's line of work, and setting up a stakeout by laying bait for this killer was likely to result in optimal conditions for that occurrence. The only method of contacting the killer was the victim's cell phone, which made John essential. Well, he could have bothered Mrs. Hudson, but that might have brought her into the line of fire and she was unlikely to allow him to use her mobile for this purpose knowingly. John was a willing participant in the evening's events. 'Oh, God yes' was clear and enthusiastic consent.
"No, you need to eat. I need to think. The brain's what counts. Everything else is transport," Sherlock dismisses, taking his attention away from the street long enough to make proper eye contact and get his point across. A crease appears between John's eyebrows and his mouth turns down into a disapproving frown. Angelo comes back just then with a taper candle stuck in the neck of a bottle and sets it on the table.
The repeated interruptions upset Sherlock a bit, but he was immersed in the fictional crime again before long. When he realized that John had only specified that 221A and B were empty over the holidays in his opening narration, John handed over the key to the basement so that Sherlock could examine the 'victim's flat.' Once again second-hand dollhouse furnishings were in use, but that didn't seem to bother Sherlock in the slightest. In fact, he collected the lot and brought it upstairs to demand that John use the pieces to lay it out in proper scale with a few books for walls. Abbreviated interrogation transcripts were also in the basement flat for a family of women: A mother, and Aunt, and two daughters. John had made all the suspects female and related in an effort to make things a bit more confusing, as any gender- or family- specific clue would too quickly rule out a suspect otherwise.
"Look, we've been sharing a bedroom more and more often, and we just sort of started doing it without actually talking about it, but we do it because it helps with the nightmares and the stress after everything that, well, just after everything,” John said with an all-encompassing gesture. “I get that, and I know you're asexual. You don't have to force yourself into doing something you don't want to do because you think I..."
"John," Sherlock said, the frustration in his voice twisting it nearly into a whine. "That is not nearly fair. Either tell a complete story with enough context to make proper sense or don't tell it."
"Two of them?" John asked, a doctor's concern with the edge of doubt. Did he think they were laced with something? Had Mycroft stuck his nose in already and warned John about the drugs? No, there would have been signs, and John might even have just told him directly if he'd had a clandestine meeting with the personification of the British Government.
"Send a text, actually, but that would obviously be useless if it died before you could receive any form of answer."
"Did you choose the right pill?" Lestrade asks, his eyes staring at Sherlock as if he could drive home some unspoken point by force of will.
"Her mobile," John answered immediately. Sherlock twitched to look directly at John, surprised. The soldier tapped his notebook against his knee. "I've had a few minutes to review things."
"But I know about his drinking habits. I even know that he left his wife," Sherlock's answer is petulant, almost whining.
"That was ... amazing," John says when he's finished processing Sherlock's explanation. Sherlock looks back at him suddenly, looking at John in interest.
like this before. It had been frustrating him for months, making him feel like a child. There had always been something coming up, always something to do or anticipate either in his regular duties or through one of the favors he did for the brass. Or even just going out with the boys on the hunt for some attractive company. "I'll make you that cuppa. You rest your leg."
"Back of the right leg: tiny splash marks on the heel and calf, not present on the left. She was dragging a wheeled suitcase behind her with her right hand. Don't get that splash pattern any other way. Smallish case, judging by the spread. A case that size, woman this clothes conscious: could only be an overnight bag, so we know she was staying the night."
John supposes there are a lot of ways to stay sane while outside a warzone, but he's spent so little of his life there he simply doesn't know what they are or how to go about learning them. God knows he didn't have decent role models for a healthy civilian life before he dove head-first into the military lifestyle. Six months into his new civilian life, three months after the Army officially gave up on him recovering enough to be useful, one month after his last overnight stay in a hospital bed, he is on one of his therapist-prescribed recreational walks - a task he completes with the air of a man ripping off a particularly stubborn plaster from a particularly delicate bit of skin. Mike Stanford recognizes him as he passes a bench outside Bart's. John has the same reaction he has had whenever anyone who used to know Captain Watson spots him with his cane. He hates his weakness, and hates them for seeing it on display, and pushes all that unpleasantness down because he has always been professional and polite unless there was great cause to be otherwise. Changing that, too, would just be another defeat. Swallowing it all down, the world goes a little fuzzier, a little grayer, and he is barely aware of what he is talking about.
series they had all gotten hooked on. It let them all ignore how miserable dysentery was to deal with for a few hours. Escape is healthy in moderation, as long as it wasn't solely found in the bottom of a bottle.
"'Cause you're an idiot," John says with such conviction it startles Sherlock silent for a moment. A smile slowly spreads across his face as Sherlock realizes that John understands him perfectly, so evasion is unnecessary.
"You'll have to charge it," Sherlock sighed, deeply disappointed. He didn't have a cable for that brand of phone and it would be useless to implement his plan without a reliable and unknown cell phone. "My number is listed on my website, there is always the chance it will be recognized."
"So do you if you think about it," Sherlock answers, shaking his head slightly and squinting irritably. "Why don't people just think?"
If you got down to root causes, then really Sherlock's wandering focus was all his brother's fault. Mycroft had been quite irritating all month. If Sherlock wanted to be completely honest with himself, and he tried to be so that he could sort things properly in his Mind Palace unless he had a very good reason to misfile something, his elder brother was not inventing problems to solve. He was overreacting, rather severely in Sherlock's opinion, but there was a little bit to fuss about. Sherlock's previous accommodation had been horrible. The place was run down, infested with vermin and mold that occasionally contaminated his experiments, and built primarily out of paper maché given its structural integrity. It was the fourth flat Sherlock had rented in a year, and he'd been tossed out after the scent of sulfur from one of his experiments disturbed the other tenants. In a fit of anger at being called on the smell when the woman next door filled the hall with a perfume of ripe diapers and boiled cabbage on a far more frequent basis, he'd let loose with the evidence that half of them were breaking laws. He'd intended to use the blackmail on the landlord to keep his place of residence. Instead, the police came in to mop up the criminals after one of the relatively law-abiding neighbors called 999. The arrest ensured Sherlock had a week to vacate instead of being tossed out on his ear the same day in a careless flaunting of tenant protection laws. How anyone living there could have not noticed that the basement had a grow room full of cannabis he'd never understand.
"Actually, do you know what? Um, ignore me." The slight verbal fumbling annoyed Sherlock, but he was still recovering from an Ordeal and could be excused. He was also extremely distracted by the deductions flowing rapidly through his brain as the events of the evening came together into a beautiful tapestry of cause and effect. A soldier, a doctor, a flirt... and a war hero. There was no reality where John Watson hadn't earned some sort of accolades, and it was illegal to sell such things. It did happen, of course, in pawn shops and other places of ill repute, but surely John had not been so desperate for money. It would be in his things when he moved in, hidden in a shoebox or the like the same way he hid his deadly accuracy under that cuddly jumper.
There was silence for five seconds as the two men locked eyes, each assessing the other's carefully blank expression, and then they dissolved into inappropriate giggles like a pair of teenagers. Sherlock was just getting himself under control when John made a couple gestures toward the retractable handle of the bright pink case set between them and squeaked out a few half syllables that Sherlock wasn't exactly certain how to fill in, but he was still able to glean the infantile humor suggested by holding on firmly to a pole on a moving train while holding one's own wood in the other hand and the possible arrest that would follow. They laughed even louder. Sherlock hadn't shared such easy laughter with someone else in years. It was wonderful.
"Yes, actually. Very much up my street," is the slightly grumpy reply, though something catches his eye out the window and the taller man trails off, distracted.
The flat at Baker's street with its promise of a discounted rent was a tantalizing offer. The location would not scare away clients. The walls were made of solid, thick plaster covered in acceptable wallpaper and pleasant, non-sterile colors. The gas fireplace was deliciously cozy. The furnishings were lived-in and comfortable. The pipes were reliable. The roof did not leak. The landlady adored him. It was right in the heart of the city, in Westminster where clients wouldn't be put off by the neighborhood. It was above a serviceable sandwich shop for when he needed quick food. It was a rather private building on a street with busy neighbors who wouldn't pay him any mind. It was everything he needed in a real home. It was perfect. It would be his sanctuary. It was more than twice the rent he was accustomed to paying.
