"Don't worry about that! The ball has already started. You look like a million bucks and your brothers will never recognize you. Now are you going to go, or regret it for the rest of your life. Yes or no?"
He waited listening as she started in on Sam for giving false information. Chuckling, Castiel turned around to find a naked Dean Winchester standing in the archway to the bathroom, hand on his erection.
“I’ll call you later, Chuck,” Dean says as he flips his phone shut as an idea hits him like a ton of bricks.
The door to the bar was locked tight, but the side door to outside was open and had a place for their door key for re-entry on the outside.
"Dean, go to bed, get some sleep. This will take time. But we will find her." Sam's words were reassuring, but Dean couldn't let go of the clawing feeling of worry that grasped him.
Something in the sky caught their eyes and they all turned to look up. At first Dean thought the fireworks had started early, but the light in the sky was an odd shade of yellow and didn’t make any noise as it streaked across the sky. Dean startled as he recognized  what he was seeing. A falling angel. He would bet his life on it.
"No doubt you will hear of the King's Decree soon, so I will just fill you in. It seems our King met a woman at the ball, but has misplaced her. Some say she was wearing a gown of superior beauty in a spectacular blue and was wearing glass slippers." Castiel felt herself blush. "Now, you know and I know that they aren't going to find this girl, so I thought I had better check in and see what you need."
Dean rolled his head back and stared at the ceiling, his back arched. "Sam," he groaned in annoyance.
"Okay, then I really need a better job to stabilize our household. All I need is your signature on the classes." He held out the folded up and crinkled paper he had been keeping in his back pocket. She took it from him, but not without putting her nose in the air at it.
Castiel could remember being in this house only once in his childhood. He had been playing with his older brothers and they had accidentally thrown a baseball onto Crowley's roof and he had gone to fetch it. Or he was the one his brother had tricked into going. Old man Crowley was British and had made him stay for a cup of tea and a crumpet(which had turned out to be an english muffin). And for some reason had kept asking him where he wanted to be in ten years. It had all seemed vaguely sinister to Castiel.
Castiel was so distracted he didn’t notice the sound of the coming wave till it hit them full on the side knocking them out of their kiss and soaking them both to the waist.
He took a steadying breath, not caring that he was cryinf. “How when you died the last time I broke. I was so lost without you Cas. I nearly gave up. I really did. But when you came back, I didn’t tell you. It was like you said, just being in your presence was enough to get me up off the floor and keep going. I didn’t dare hope for more. Why would an angel want more.”
Reality came crashing back down around him as Gadreel and Bartholomew closed in on him. The sunny day turned darker in his vision. Hadn't they had enough of tormenting him that morning?
"Sometimes I almost feel human when I'm with you," Cas didn't know where the words came from, but he knew they were true once he said them. An angel shouldn't even feel temperature.
Most of the summer he had managed to stay down at the river lodge. His brothers didn't much care where he was, as long as he made it to church on Sundays and kept up his divers training schedule. Now that funds were low he wasn't expected to keep up with a summer tutor so his time was mostly his own.
The knight frowned. "Where else would we go? Sammy is here! Besides we have no other quest to occupy, besides avoiding the treacherous Lord Zachariah."
“What do you mean, Dean?” Jimmy asks, lowering his gun. His hair blowing about in the artificial wind.
This was the last straw, Uriel loses all pretense of civility, “What’s he doing here, this is-” Naomi cuts him off with a wave of her hand.
Castiel heard the basketball hitting the concrete long before he rounded the corner. The road had been a bit longer than he had anticipated, and he was sweating by the time he came to the junkyards entrance. The battered sign above the open gate read "Singer's Salvage", the paint flaking with rust showing through.
Castiel pushed back into Bartholomew and using the leverage kicked up, knocking away the next strike, and knocking Bartholomew off balance. He broke his step brothers grip and started running.
After some awkward clean up Dean helped Castiel back into her dress and even helped her fix her hair. Somehow all those years with his sister had actually taught him more than he knew. There was something about lacing up the ribbons on her back and repinning her curls that was almost as intimate as what they had shared in his bed. As he finished the bow at her waist he bent and kissed her on the back of the neck, feeling her shiver under his touch. She reached out a hand and squeezed his tightly as she took it breathing out a ready sigh.
Feeling completely put off, the nights events suddenly falling off in tatters Castiel stood, embarrassed, twisting her arms around her back to try and undo the stays of the dressed. Her fingers brushed where Dean had kissed the back of her neck after lacing her back into her dress and she felt herself flush all over.
“They found a picture of Lucifer and Meg in his wallet. It was used for evidence, I saw it several times during the trial.
This also wasn't the first time they had discussed this. Frankly they both knew that getting their hands on that sword wasn't as simple as all that. Dean wouldn't lie and say he didn't wish that was truly an option. He was also certain it was the route his late father more likely would have taken. He was also certain it was that underhanded overly secret sort of thinking that had gotten his father killed. The thought of marrying this girl wasn't exactly on the top of his list of things to do, but they had exhausted all other options and desperately needed aid. It also was a solid alliance with a powerful country, one that could stabilize their country for the next generation. In turn, that stability in place, he could free up his brother to marry for love instead of alliance.
"I've been fine for months, Dean. I'm fine now," a bit defensive. His eyes didn't meet his brothers, he looked over at the clock on the wall, "I better get my ass to class," He said, hunching his shoulders and walking away. Dean watched him go, suddenly worried about him. He had thought his brother had just reached moody teenage status, now he wondered if it was worse than that.
His eyes roved across the beautiful sight and up to the blue eyes staring at him expectantly. In that moment Dean had an epiphany. He realized just exactly how he felt about the former angel in front of him and it scared the ever living shit out of him.
Dean startled and spun around like a ballerina, looking ready to fight. But when his eyes fell on Cas he stopped in his tracks. The ball bounced a couple feeble times, and bounced away before rolling to a stop in the gravel.
He held up his hands and the rooms erupted in applause and cheers as Charlie was escorted down the long red carpet, Princess Joanna at her side, both already dressed in travel clothes and ready to leave. Dean immediately turned to find Cas, who was still looking bewildered. She was dressed in a simple gown of navy blue, her hair skillfully coiffed, no doubt by his sister. She was still adjusting to the expensive gowns and life in court. "My lady."
"It's your plan," the man said, sounding strangely like he was drunk. They were both exhausted and cold and their muscles weren't exactly working correctly. Cas had an ache in his shoulder from leaning over at such an odd angle, but he was too cold to let go and stand up straight.
The Scottish Princess was standing chatting closely with Princess Joanna, her deep green plaid dress a marked contrast from much of the finery. It didn't detract from her look though, only heightened her look. Prince Sam was far taller than he remembered from glimpsing him across the courtyard the night of the demon attack in South Bend and he was confronted with several strangers curious stares.
The bell tolled the first stroke of midnight, adding to ominous atmosphere that was settling on the castle gardens.
Feeling odd about the encounter, Dean decided it was probably going to be the least strange encounter of the evening and he followed the lead into the main room.
"Your Highness, please," Dean saw her squeeze Jo's hand circumspectly, as they stood shoulder to shoulder before his throne. Once again he felt that he had completely lost control of his own kingdom, but he didn't really mind. No one ruled alone. "You have failed no one, least of all me. Matters of the heart are too complicated to trace, let alone lay at anyone’s feet for blame." She nodded kindly to Cas, who stood stoically next to Sam, looking like she might faint. "This doesn't mean we cannot have an alliance. I for one think it will be a stronger bond than a marriage of politics could ever have wrought. We have fought side by side and won. I only ask that if we should ever need aide you will come."
"Just refueling before we head back, our Knight here is quite handy," Bobby slapped the younger man on his back.
He jumped when someone touched his arm, letting out a sigh a relief when he turned to find Anna at his shoulder. "You alright, Winchester? You look a little lost."
"Look CinderAss, give it a rest. You didn't get to go to the ball. It doesn't matter anyway, the King met a woman and you are no match for that one. I saw her as she was leaving, even Bartholomew was impressed."
Cas had several other question about the carving, but decided to switch tacks as the man seemed irrationally angry about the carving subject. "Why?" Cas asked, trying to wrap his head around this logic.
Dean looked down at Sam with concern, murmuring something to man and laying him down gently on the pavement. He then stood and pulled out a long wicked looking knife. Meg recoiled at the site. “Where did you get that?” She asked, fear in her eyes.
Castiel looked over the house trying to see it from Dean's perspective. "I guess I've never thought of it that way. Honestly there were always so many of us, sometimes two houses seemed too small."
"So it's your choice, Castiel, but the new term starts in a week and we need to get you signed up one way or another."
Cas nodded and slid his hand back across the table, tapping the edge lightly like he was playing the drums. "Of course." They're eyes caught again and they sat there for a minute too long, just staring into each other.
After days of seeing no one on this empty planet, Dean can’t help himself and begs for Cas back offers his own life, Sam’s. Sam agrees for the sake of everyone on earth. But Chuck turns them down. Again.
No one else could hurt him with words quite as well, except maybe Sam, or his late father. 'Are you under the impression that family's supposed to make you feel good?', he heard Bobby's voice in his head. Family's supposed to make you miserable.
Dean couldn’t help the tears that popped into his eyes. “And you think you can.. get us to the empty?”
“The boys are having a bit of a drag race this Saturday. I heard your ride was all better now. Place a few bets on her and you could make a mint. Not to mention a small prize bag for the winner.”
"It's a date then!" Dean realized what he said and instantly tried to take it back. "I mean...it's not really, I mean not it- you-"
"That's my Steward dancing with the Queen," Dean told Castiel, not wanting her to feel left out. "He's been pining after her for a year."
“I am not a demon,” He said flatly, offended by the accusation, then realizing the man was again joking. If he had looked over the data in the intersect he surely wouldn’t be cracking jokes about it. “Though I do come with some history.”
Castiel gaped at him. "It's missing a couple pearls, but I did my best." He then handed her another bundle, tied up in brown paper with his mothers gold thread slippers, also mended, on top. "I also fixed your dress, and threw in and old one I was going to donate to the poor."
“Wait..” He pleaded, looking wrecked. His hands moved lower and he heaved him up. Their lips came together stubble grating across stubble. Their wet members slid past one another and they ground them against each other, reckless and sloppy in their haste.
Clenching his fists he took a deep breath, feeling something in his chest loosen. Maybe if he was honest with himself he wasn't mad at Cas for asking questions about pumpkin carving he was mad at himself for trying so hard. Obviously the angel thought of him and his brother as his friends, but nothing more. How could he? He was an angel after all, again. He would never understand that sort of thing. Dean himself barely understood it. All he knew is that since he had been cured of being a demon, one thing had been clear. How he felt about Cas. Too bad it would always be one sided.
“I chose to fall. I could have given up my Grace like Billie did to stay in heaven. But, a few years ago I had fallen to earth and got to experience being human. It wasn’t a great time of my life, but I made the decision to return to being an angel under duress. I have regretted that decision for a long time.”  He looked over at Dean, who was looking on with tears in his eyes and a proud look on his face. Cas looked away before he got emotional. “Besides how else could I win my man than by proving to him just how much I want to spend the rest of my life with him.”
Dean took his eyes off the desert ahead to glare at him. "I am Don Quixote, Knight Errant, and we are heading to the hills to fight Giants." Sancho glance up at the hills where the Wind Turbines turned slowly in the breeze that didn't touch them on the plains.
“Go home, Castiel. You aren’t wanted here. Dean told me what you family did to him. He doesn’t need you anymore.”
"Hello, Castiel," she said to the mirror, curtsying her voice low and gravelly. "Hello, Dean," she said back, lightening her voice to a more feminine tone. She shook her head at her own foolishness. Who knew if he would even be at the ball. But she had told him she would be there. If she didn't show up...
He was surprise when Dean patted him on the shoulder as he stepped passed him. Dean wrenched open the door and slid into the seat and he looked back at Cas. Dean made a sharp movement and indicated he should get in the car.
"Cas, what the hell did you do the window?" Admonished the tall one with immaculate black hair and an icy blue stare.
Dean thought about this, then he thought about the hip pressed against his and the arm around his waist, the hand in his and the kiss Cas was placing on his cheek.
The edge of Castiel's mouth twitched into a little smirk. It was enough to stall his mounting anxiety. Dean pulled him close and kissed the man fiercely, his tongue penetrating the others lips. He ground his erection against Cas and moaned out into his mouth. Cas pulled back, but before he could protest he saw what he was up to and was too stunned to move.
As the late morning wore on into midday they found themselves having drifted a bit downstream and onto a strangely familiar bend in the river.
"They make an interesting pair," Jody said as Jo tripped and practically fell into Princess Charlie's arms.
Cas nodded, a little sad. “I hope you don’t mind, my room’s a little cluttered.” He had never offered to let Cas stay in his room before.
“It was a video game we used to play. It was a riddle, and I solved it and then there were pictures. Lots of pictures…” They go around the exit and out to the Helipad. They can here chopper blades in the distance.
Aunt Ellen was banging on the door again, Cas pulled it open, blinking at the bright sun the hit his face.
"He may have been a stellar student in Middle School Dean, but I'm afraid your brothers grades...haven't been up to par since coming to our establishment." She plucked a document off the desk, as if she had had it ready for their meeting. She didn't even pretend to look it up. She handed it to him. It was Sam's first semester report card.
Cas brought a hand to Dean's cheek and they eased back into a kiss. Dean payed attention this time, to the softness of his lips next to his own. To Castiel's close shave compared to his two days hunt stubble. That he smelled of smoke and soap and herbs.
The man’s delusions had deepened in the night it seemed. Alas, Sancho had made his bed, he had to lie in it. He was stuck. Besides friendless and without memory of anything before yesterday what else did he have to do?
"Ah, another one! Come my lady let me show you the way. Eva, take her horse to the stables!" The voice declared loudly behind him, wrapping an arm around his shoulder. He steered Castiel forward, and he found himself too shocked to resist. What was he supposed to do after all? He had been mistaken for a woman and couldn't risk outing himself. Eva grabbed the reigns from his hands and he was taken into the bright lights of the inn.
"He's really alright, Bobby?" Sam stills his progress down the stairs as he hears these words coming from Dean in the Kitchen.
So Dean told them the story.. “Cas summoned the empty by being happy, I know that doesn’t seem..but it was the deal he struck with it. Once Cas was happy the empty would come for him. He made himself happy by telling me that he loved me.”
“Dean, listen. Is there time to stop the bomb?” Jimmy asked, his hair blowing about wildly as the helicopter landed.
Cas frowned. Lights flashed in the window, followed by revving engines and shouts. Both men turned to the sound seeing that several
He could feel Dean tensing up and he stopped his thrusting to let the man breath and to keep himself from coming all at once.
“Tell the good witch to go get it, the wicked witch of the west is busy.” Claire whined, holding Kaia to her like a teddy bear.
Then he brought her outside where a couple of strange men were unhitching the horses from the wagon and attaching them to her families old carriage, complete with new wheels and new window curtains.
Dean hadn't wanted him to say, but now that he had, he couldn't deny it. Didn't want to deny it. He took a deep breath and plunged in.
He caught Dean's figure rounding the corner and followed on swift feet, his heels clicking on the cobblestones. When he came around the corner he found Dean standing off with three men. Cas stood frozen watching the man as he dodged and weaved between them, twirling his sword as if it was a part of him and generally being a bad ass.
"Demons, or something similar. In South Bend. I'm taking a couple of men with me at dawn." He gestured to the map where little flags marked the route.
Cas didn’t know what to say.  The initial rush of feelings calmed a bit, but he still felt like his skin was buzzing, like he couldn’t quite catch his breath. He looked back over his shoulder at the piled shoes and clothes Dean had neatly stacked just out of the water line. He hadn’t noticed how careful the man had been with his things.
"We'll discuss this at home." And he dropped Sam's shirt from his grip and walked away without looking back. Sam fell into step, not even glancing at Cas as they funneled out where Bobby sat with the car idling on the street.
This made Gabe laugh. "I don't think I have ever heard you swear, little brother. I suppose this is an appropriate time to start."
He turned his head, stared into Cas's eyes and licked his lips. Cas leaned forward and kissed his bedraggled knight. Dean's eyes went wide, half his face shadowed. Cas lifted a hand to his shoulder to keep him from pulling away and deepened the kiss, closing his eyes.
They sat in awed silence staring at each other Dean absently wiping tear streaks from his cheeks and unable to keep the grin off his face.
The man didn't know and took a second to look back up the road one more time. "Wherever you are headed." He said, finally settling on a
It was even more difficult than he thought. The eddy was thinly iced over, so he not only had to kick against the current, but break ice with his shoulder as they plowed their way to the shore. As he forced his way against the ice, they crashed into something more solid and the man yelped in pain, but Castiel couldn’t worry too much about that and pushed forward. Then of course, he was laying in a muddy, icy reed strewn foul smelling pit with the dead weight of a half drowned man on top of him once he managed to get them to shore. Oh and it was 16 degrees and they were both all wet.
“Uriel! Anna! Balthazar!”  Cas started naming his garrison as they were the easiest to call to order.
"Now, first things first, let your feet get used to the water. Feel it's temperature and how it flows over your feet downstream to you left."
There was really no denying it. Every fiber of him was lighter, being in his presence. And this. This gesture spoke volumes. The man cared about him. He could only think of a handful of people who had ever cared. Not only did he care, but he observed, listened. Knew him so well that this was his attempt at helping. This perfect attempt at helping was a slice of apple pie, ice cream, and an irish coffee.
Castiel chuckled with him then. "Castiel," he told him wryly, knowing the name will throw the man. It always did.
They closed the little bit of space between them and Dean snaked his arms under Castiel's coat, pulling him close he could feel that he still wore the corset and dress.
The gate swung open, giving a slight whine along it’s hinges. A hulking figure, hoody pulled up left the junkyard.
"Umm, I don't really have uh, any protection-" The man raised an eyebrow at him which Castiel ignored, "think you could break it?" He kept looking at him skeptically, so he explained further. "You at least have something covering your elbow."
"Calm down," Castiel commanded him, the cold making his voice rough, as he kicked them across the current. "Breathe. And if you-"pant"-have any strength left,"pant "kick a little, okay?"
Dean started the engine and the engine roared to life like a living beast. They pulled out of the gas station and out into the sunrise, heading back to the Roadhouse at top speed.
Dean nodded to the table where his sister and his future bride sat, heads together. "Joanna has the hospitality part well in hand, and I am useless at party decorations. I think the palace can do without me for a couple days. Besides Sam can stay here in case of anything stately that needs to be taken care of."
Dean Winchester came out of the Large Mart as if he was being pursued. Narrowing his eyes Jimmy watches him like a hawk as he heads back to the Buy More, empty handed.
Garth slapped a hand across Dean's shoulder as he watched the girls go.  "Well done, sir." He beamed.
Dean nods and lowers himself to the floor wrapping the blanket around his knees. Not wanting to poke the bear. Cas looks like he could murder someone. The fire is surprisingly warm, but not really warm enough to heat the whole room. He desperately wants the man to come back over so they can share warmth again.
Now the damned thing had him cornered and he wasn't going to make it out without injury. Or worse. Boars were notoriously vicious.
Sam nodded as he dismounted, coming over to check up on him. Charlie sat on her mount her face pinched as she clutched her surely broken arm.
Cas felt himself stiffen, wanting to draw attention away from himself and disappear. His mouth went dry and he suddenly remembered his hair was a mess and his speedo was bleeding water into his jeans.
Rickety orange and white striped wooden no entry barriers were erected across the road, a large groups of cop cars behind the barriers restricting anyone from passing.
"Castiel Novak!" The announcer called, and Dean sat up straighter in his seat, clutching his hands together nervously. It was as if he was following him up the stairs, he felt himself get tense and nervous. He saw that when Cas reached the top he swung his arms about stretched out his legs and bounced on his toes.
He hadn't told Bobby or his brother yet that he also had only that time to court the lady and get her to say yes. Apparently, the lass was known to be cold and had turned down the very suitor who had killed the dragon that they intended to aid in their own dragon extermination. What could he do to win a girl he had never met who cared not for a hero? He had charmed a few girls into bed before, and he would just have to charm this one.
"-Sam!" he calls out. His feet seemed to be on fire and he is under heavy hot sweat-sodden blankets.
Charlie was shivering around the entrance behind Sam, her adrenaline had left her and he could see her clutching at her arm. No matter how many times he had told her to go back and wait with the wagons she had flat out refused. She was going to see this through and there was nothing anyone could say that was going to sway her.
Dean heard Cas beside him. “Make blueberry filling. What the hell are these instructions?” He chuckled, clearly Cas had never made this pie before either. At least they were in the same boat.
Cas watched in horror as Dean had to choose between making it through the portal or staying behind to with him.
A moment passed, Dean watching Cas’ eyes, waiting for him to acknowledge that it was okay for him to continue. “Are you waiting for something, Dean? I am very happy to see you.”
“Bakers! Your time is up. Please take your pies and place them in your refrigerators. We ask that you come back to the tent in 3 hours for judging.”
Dean removed the cloth from the ingredients and pulled the recipe out of the drawer. He had heard of blueberry strata pie but had never made it. He glanced over the recipe and was shocked to see that the only part of the pie that was actually baked was the crust itself. Dean shook his head, clearing his thoughts and got to work starting his sweet short crust.
They walked hand in hand to the Impala. After checking out of the motel, Dean turned the Impala on the road south, heading back to Kansas and to face his brother.
“I know Dean. It’s okay.” Cas mumbled, keeping his voice low. The tears that were seeping out of Dean’s eyes matched the ones forming in Cas.
The man’s hands moved down his other arm before grabbing him and gently pulling him out of the chair. Blood flowed south as Dean was manhandled. All thoughts left his head as Agent Novak’s hands traveled down his back.
A sob heaved through Dean’s chest as he stood inches in front of Cas. His hands were balled in fists at his sides. Cas remained still as Dean’s green eyes met his. Nothing could have prepared Cas for Dean surging forward, hands grasping his trenchcoat and lips colliding into Cas’.
“So I’m going to be the bait.” Dean said, looking over to find Cas’ eyes locked on his face. Green met blue, but Dean wasn’t able to hold Cas’ gaze. It wasn’t the first time Dean had been bait, and it probably wouldn’t be the last.
Dean opened the shoe box that he had kept hidden in the back of his closet since they found the bunker. It used to live on the floorboard on the Impala, shoved under a seat in hopes that Sam would never find it. A shiver passed down Dean’s spine as his hand touched the silky fabric in the box. He remembered the feeling of the fabric as it slid over his legs, over his balls and dick. Dean shifted on his knees, his dick responding to the memory of wearing pink silk for the first time.
“Dude, what kind of question is that? You know the walls in here are thin and even if there was someone to have a good night with, you would have already known about it,” Dean said as he set the first load of pancakes on a plate, which he passed across to Sam. “You can get your own toppings for making that comment.”
Dean and Cas went hunting if it was close, and they always went together. No one said anything about it but Dean worried constantly about what Sam and the others thought. Cas was always reassuring Dean that they didn’t care. He still worried, no matter what Cas said. Hunting together allowed them time to be alone, just to be in one another’s presence.
Dean couldn’t take his eyes off Cas as the other man dropped to his knees. Dean’s pants and boxers were quickly removed by Cas. He watched as Cas wrapped his right hand over the base of Dean’s cock. Cas licked up the underside of his dick before taking the head in his mouth. Dean’s hands found their way into Cas’ hair.
Dean shook his head, but Castiel had stopped moving. He planted his feet and yelled again. “Go Dean!”
Dean sat at the map table, cold beer in hand as he observed the hunters celebrating around him. After they had defeated Chuck, the bunker became a home base for all the hunters that had come to call their world home, whether they were born there or on Apocalypse world. Everyone looked so happy, smiles bright as stories passed from one person to the next. He and Sam were still like legends to many of the hunters who now used the bunker as a check in. They had mostly hung up their spurs, spending most of their days helping the hunters from the safety of the bunker.
Inch by inch, Cas slid home. Once he was fully seated, he released Dean’s mouth. Cas’ lips found Dean’s collar bone and bit down. He pulled his hips backwards before slamming forward again. Dean gasped, pleasure shooting through his body as Cas thrust into his body.
Dean sighed and removed his hands from Cas’ body. He watched as Cas stood, dusting off his coat. He took Cas’ outstretched hand, standing on shaky feet. He leaned on Cas and allowed him to guide him back to the Impala. Cas fished the keys out of Dean’s pocket.
Cas replaced his mouth with his hand, pumping Dean’s cock hard and fast. He watched in fascination as Dean came, thick streaks of come hitting Dean in the stomach. His hand kept moving until Dean grabbed his wrist. They remained there, Dean catching his breath, for several minutes.
“California, brother is graduating from Stanford in a couple days.” Dean knocked back half the drink in one go. “What does this have to do with security?”
“They live on in our memories, Dean. And all those people would want us to be celebrating the end of the year. It’s a happy time, not a sad one.”
The blueberry lemon pinwheels were next. The pastry sounded crisp as Paul cut through it. Dean swallowed as he watched both judges take their bites.
Dean made a strangled noise as two hands grasped firmly at his ass. “I took all the punches, so he would be worn out by the time he saw Sam. I don’t know how many times I went to bed busted up but at least Sammy was safe.”
Dean often had restless nights, dreams of the world he had grown up in and dreams of the world he and Sam fought so hard to create. Most of those dreams resulted in him, waking up in a cold sweat, fear soaking through his brain. Some nights, though, Dean had dreams of the future- a future where he felt safe and sound. In those dreams, Sam was happy with Eileen. Both of them had been able to give up hunting and live happy, normal lives. In those dreams, Dean always felt a presence, someone who made him feel safe and at peace. He could never quite place the person that could hold him while he slept, keeping the bad dreams away.
He managed to get the filling done, what he thought properly, on the first try. Dean looked back over the recipe. It had no instructions on actually creating the pie other than “layer the two mixtures into the crust and cool.”
Cas couldn’t help but notice the tiny bit of pink that remained visible on Dean’s hips. “Please Dean. Don’t shut me out. I know I said happiness isn’t in the having but I miss you. I miss your friendship.”
“See you guys later! I’m taking my husband outta here but enjoy the rest of the booze on us!” Dean yelled to the crowd. Everyone turned to wave goodbye and the grooms made their final exit.
“We can do that.” The sentence was barely a whisper but Dean heard it clearly. He laughed and finished packing their dirty clothes into the duffle.
“No matter how bad I want to, I just can’t stop it. But Cas, I forgive you. Of course I forgive you. I’m sorry it took so long. I’m sorry it took until now for me to say it. I hope you can hear me, because Cas 1…” The prayer ended abruptly, Dean not being able to vocalize the ending of his prayer.
They remained still for several moments, Dean knowing that Cas probably saw the pink satin that he was so careful to hide. Mentally shaking his head, Dean slowly broke off eye contact and tried to refocus on the food on the stove.
He looked over to Lucifer, still slumped over. “What’s the plan with him? Just because he’s human doesn’t mean he isn’t still dangerous.”
“I couldn’t answer your prayers before Dean but I heard every one of them. I won’t leave you again. I love you.” The last sentence was whispered in Dean’s ear but he knew that Cas would say it to the whole world if he asked.
“Yes we can, and we have.” Both Sam and Dean stood tall despite their wounds. They watched as Jack approached Chuck from behind. He whipped around to see Jack, eyes glowing with power.
“I can taste the bourbon but it isn’t too strong. A perfect balance between the sweetest of the apple and the bite of the bourbon.”
Footsteps echoed in the hall behind his closed door and Dean quickly closed the box and shoved it to the back of the closet. He heard a knock on his door and swore softly to himself. Standing and closing the door to the closet, he made his way to the bedroom door. He took a deep breath to center himself, willing the memory of pink satin out of his mind before opening the door.
“I… didn’t have anything clean. The bunker’s laundry has been overtaken by hunters needing to wash clothes much dirtier than mine.”
Dean looked up at his brother, and smiled weakly. “We won but at what cost Sam? Cas should be here, Jack should be here. Not to mention all the others we have lost along the way.”
“Cas… What the hell man? You don’t get to say the things you said and then disappear for MONTHS. I’ve been praying to you every night. Why did you come tonight?” Dean’s words came out in a rush, emotions rising with each word. “You left me!”
A short elevator ride later, Castiel opened the door to the room he had been assigned for filming weekends. Dean’s room was in a different part of the convention center. He looked around and found the room was almost exactly identical to his with the exception of the color scheme. The door closed firmly behind them and Dean watched as Castiel bent over to remove his shoes. Dean found himself humming with approval when he saw how the other man’s jeans cupped his ass.
Dean shifted, hands falling away from Cas’ face. He looked away, unable to meet Cas’ eyes any longer. Cas could see fresh tears forming in Dean’s eyes. He knew that words wouldn’t help Dean now, nothing could.
Dean immediately started prepping his dough. It was going to take the longest to prep, and needed to be chilled properly in order for it to be successful. He was quickly able to get the dough formed and resting. He started working on flattening out his butter.
“I… Cas…” words seemed to be completely failing Dean. His tears fell freely, eyes meeting Cas’ without faltering. He stood, taking uneasy steps towards Cas. The distance between them closed, both men clearly emotional but unsure. Dean closed the last of the distance with one final step, hands reaching up to cup Cas’ face. “I don’t know what to say, but I do know something, a feeling that’s been growing inside me for weeks now. I’m going to kiss you now, is that okay?”
“I can hear those words in your head Dean. They are basically another prayer.” He felt Cas smile against his shoulder.
In the weeks following the final battle with Chuck, the bunker filled with laughter and happiness. Eileen was the first to join the boys, coming out of hiding and reuniting with Sam. They were rarely in different rooms, their relationship open for everyone to see. Jody, Donna, and the girls came next. They all took turns going out on hunts, maintaining the peace between monsters and humanity as best they could. At least with the big bad defeated, they never had to spend long on hunts.
“If you want the view to get better, just say the words. We have several hours to waste.” Castiel stood, turning to face Dean.
“It’s done. He’s human, no grace and no power left.” Jack sighed, suddenly exhausted despite the power he had just consumed. “We will need to act quickly. Time is of the essence, even more so now than before.”
Dean’s crust timer went off and he removed the pan from the oven. It was evenly browned and looked pretty good. He set it aside and started working on the blueberry filling.
They sat there in silence for a while before Cas said “I brought breakfast. Let’s eat before it gets too cold.”
An hour later, Dean pulled into Lovewell State Park. He easily located Cas’ Continental among the Hondas and Subarus. Once the Impala was parked, Dean walked up to find Cas sitting in the driver’s seat of the Continental. He knocked on the window, watching as Cas’ head whipped around to see him standing there. Dean opened the door and slid into the car.
Cas moved his hand to grip the base of Dean’s dick. His lips opened and he cautiously placed Dean’s hard cock in his mouth. Dean whimpered, an onslaughter of sensations hitting him. Cas began bobbing his head, taking Dean as far in his mouth as he could.
Dean woke to an empty bed. He looked around at the clothes strewn across the motel room. He smiled, remembering what had happened last night. His good mood didn’t last long when he realized that he would be facing Sam soon, Sam who knew his “I just got laid” look. Thoughts of how he was going to handle that came crashing into his mind, and he curled into the blankets, gripping them tightly. He didn’t move until he heard the door to the motel open.
Both Sam and Dean looked at the kid and laughed. Jack brought joy and hope into their bleak lives and he had become the son neither of them had ever had the chance to have. Neither of the men could imagine a life without Jack anymore. The kid had the weight of worlds on his shoulders and yet continued to live and enjoy his life without feeling that burden. It was something the older men could only wish for.
“Cas, I hope you can hear me… that wherever you are, it’s not too late.” The words came easily, as they did every night. The prayer also started the same, hoping that Cas could hear him. His hands clasp together but they rested between his legs as his head remained tipped upward.
Cas pulled out gently, and collapsed next to Dean. He looked over and found Dean’s green eyes. They were shining as bright as their crowns had been during their ceremony. He leaned over and pressed his lips against Dean’s.
“Jack, it’s good to see you join us for once.” Sam said as he stood up to grab another cup to fill for Jack.
As Dean put his crust in the oven to bake, he made the mistake of looking over at Cas’ station. Cas was on the next step, strain the crushed pineapple, and Dean couldn’t help but focus on Cas’ hands as they squeezed the pineapple through a cheesecloth. Blood rushed south and Dean struggled to recenter himself. It was a competition and he didn’t have time to deal with his growing erection.
When Cas woke the next morning, he shivered. Dean had stolen the covers during the night and was now wrapped in them on the edge of the bed. Cas chuckled, and got out of bed. He raided the duffel only to find Dean’s clothes and none of his own. He shrugged, and threw on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. He grabbed one of the keys and strolled out the door.
Minutes passed, neither one willing to break away. They both knew that outside Dean’s room, until tomorrow had passed, that they needed to remain as they had been. Friends, nothing more. Cas could hear the thoughts racing through Dean’s head, could see the fear starting to creep into his eyes.
Sam and Dean stood firm but didn’t draw any weapons. Jack and Cas remained still, eyes focused on Chuck.
As the reception started, Dean and Cas left their suit jackets behind to do their first dance. The crowns perched on their heads glowed in the soft candle light as Cas pulled Dean closer, his right hand wrapped tightly around Dean’s waist. His thumb gently stroked the small of Dean’s back as the soft melody of their first dance song began. Cas took the lead, Dean following naturally as he moved them along the old wood floor. They’re eyes remained locked, ignoring those around them. Tonight was about celebrating their love, their journey in becoming one. Friends and family watched with teary eyes as the men danced, their worries having melted away as their love for each other shone bright. The song faced and Cas let go of Dean’s hand to cup his chin. He gently pulled Dean’s face towards him, capturing Dean’s lips in a kiss. Dean sighed against his mouth, body softening against Cas’.
Dean swallowed hard as Agent Novak pressed against one side of his chest and then the other. “He’s doing real good now. He’s getting a law degree.”
Cas grinned, hips snapping forward. His right hand reached between their bodies to find Dean’s dick. His hand moved in time with his thrusts and it wasn’t long before Dean was coming, coating his hand and their stomachs.
The morning found Cas, Sam, Dean and Lucifer in the kitchen pouring endless cups of coffee and piles of pancakes. This sight wasn’t unusual, however it became so when Jack walked into the kitchen. All four men turned to face the kid.
Dean sat in the chair, head spinning as he tried to comprehend why Agent Novak was asking all these questions. He shook off his reservations and answered “Yeah, had to be. It was us versus him.”
“I’ve got 4 other hunters out who need me here. Eileen’s never hunted with Cas so it makes more sense for you to go out there and help.”
Dean smiled, and watched as they both took their small bites. Mary chewed hers quickly and her eyes sparkled as they met his.
After locking 7B, Dean started back towards his room. His footsteps were echoed by Cas’ down the hallway. “Why are you following me, Cas? Don’t you have things to do before tomorrow?”
Listening to Dean’s prayers wasn’t the only knife that stabbed through Castiel, day in and day out. He watched as Dean fell in love with Benny, watched as the man who had been destroyed by his father’s words somehow found love in Purgatory. Cas tried to not let it eat away at him but every time he saw Benny touch Dean on the arm, or pull him into a kiss. Still, Cas held onto the tiny sliver of hope, felt it grow smaller every day but Dean continued to pray every night.
Blue eyes met green. Cas smiled gently, and turned to leave. “I’ll be here Dean. I’m not going anywhere, not again. By the way, pink is a good color on you.”
“Fuck yes. Your ass is amazing and this is the best angle I’ve gotten of it in the last three weeks.”
Dean moved back towards the head board, making himself comfortable as Cas rummaged through one of their bags for the lube. Cas turned around, lube in hand, to find Dean with his legs spread, cock standing proud. Cas smiled, his own erection full as he walked to his husband.
Every night, Cas stood and watched as Dean fell to his knees. Every time Dean almost finished his prayer, Cas became overwhelmed with the sense that today would be the day that Dean finished the prayer. But that day never came.
Cas smiled faintly, he had no more words. He stood there, held in Dean’s arms, comforted by the man whom he fell in love with. The man who, apparently, felt the same although he never would have guessed it.
“Yes, but I also want to talk to you Dean. It’s something that shouldn’t wait until after tomorrow.”
“It’s a very subtle flavor. You could have added a bit more lemon and it would have been perfect. It is still very good though.” Paul said.
Chuck snapped his fingers but nothing happened. He tried again but Jack remained in front of him. Jack placed his hands on either side of Chuck’s face. Sam and Dean watched as the orange glow wrapped around Chuck. It only took a few moments before Chuck fell to the ground.
He pulled Dean off the rebar, lowering him gently to the ground. His hands started to glow and Dean felt Cas’ grace flow through him, healing his wounds. Once the wound was closed, Cas leaned down, lips pressing into Dean’s. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, pulling him closer. Desperation filled both their minds, the fact that Dean almost died- again- weighing heavy on their thoughts.
“Why don’t you go since he called you?” Dean tried not to sound bitter as the words came out. Cas had stopped calling, stopped texting, Dean, preferring to contact Sam if he needed help.
“We did it. Chuck isn’t writing our story anymore. We get to write our own, finally free. Just us, and our family that don’t end in blood.” Dean smiled, words coming easily. He looked over to Sam, “You better call Eileen.”
Cas entered and closed the door behind him when they reached Dean’s room. He watched as Dean sat on the small bed, made but not perfectly unlike his own.
“I’m going to fuck my husband tonight.” The emphasis placed on the word husband made Dean shudder, all thoughts leaving his head as Cas stood. His arms wrapped around Dean’s waist, lips pressing against Dean’s firmly. Cas walked them backwards to the bed, where Dean fell back onto the mattress.
Sam and Dean looked at each other, thoughts racing through their minds. “He’s got a valid point, dude.”
He parked the Impala in the garage and both of them grabbed bags of groceries to take to the kitchen. “Thanks Dean, I had a good time.”
Dean hated flying. He always had and in recent years, TSA had made it even worse. They insisted on people basically stripping to get through security and he couldn’t stand it. So when he had to fly out for Sam’s graduation from Stanford, he vowed to make someone’s day a living hell.
“Shit.” Dean mumbled, unsure of how he was supposed to finish his filling and get the pie prepped since the baking was done. He made a split decision to put his crust in the fridge, and hoped it would turn out okay.
They returned to the bunker, driving in as the sun set. Gathered around the table with beers in hand, they all relaxed.
Dean cleaned up and walked back into the room only to find Cas curled up under the blankets, eyes closed. He saw that Cas had ditched the rest of his clothes but also noticed the duffel bag was open. He smiled, pulled out a pair of boxers for himself and slid them on. He crawled into the space in front of Cas, turning off the light as he did. He felt Cas’ arm wrap around his waist and inched backwards until his back was flush with Cas’ stomach. Dean fell asleep to the sound of Cas’ even breathing, both of them sleeping soundly within minutes.
The drained colors of Purgatory were all Dean knew anymore. He couldn’t remember what actual grass or trees looked like. The inky darkness of the sky with its dimmed stars stared back at him as he looked up from his knees. The blade that Benny had helped him make lay in the grass in front of him. It was soaked in blood, the blood of hundreds of monsters that had been following him in the months he had been in Purgatory. Time stood still as Dean’s eyes closed, although the stars continued to look down at him.
He watched as Mary Berry and Paul joined Mel and Sue at the front of the tent. Dean felt his nerves turn his stomach into knots. He thought it would be less nerve-wracking as the weeks went on, but seeing Mary and Paul in person was something that he still couldn’t wrap his head around.
The days passed by slowly, the boys constantly trying to prevent Lucifer from destroying everything in the bunker. The struggle continued with Jack not wanting to see his father. Jack spent most of the time in his room, avoiding contact with anyone but Cas. Sam and Dean worried about him but couldn’t do much other than provide reassurance through Cas that everything would work out. Jack wasn’t the only one spending time alone in his room.
“Damn it, Dean.” He muttered, trying to figure out if there was a way to recrisp the crust. Minutes passed as Dean stood there staring at his crust.
The three men in the room looked at one another, Dean nodded to Cas and pulled out his phone. Sam and Cas could hear the numbers dialing as Dean left the kitchen.
Sam smiled, and pulled out his phone. Dean watched as he walked away, putting the phone to his ear. He closed the door and moved to grab his bag. He looked longingly at the closet but the pink satin would have to wait.
They remained with Cas’ forehead pressed against Dean’s shoulder for a few moments. Dean kissed the top of Cas’ head, breathing in the smell of Cas’ shampoo. He wasn’t surprised when Cas took his hand and led him to the bathroom. Cas turned the shower on, and when it was hot, stepped instead. Dean followed. They washed each other, taking the time to get to know that parts of each other they had skipped over in their haste to get off earlier.
Dean hummed as he took a towel and dried himself off. It sounded like an invitation for post sex cuddles and he was not about to turn that down. They stepped over the pile of flour coated clothes on the way to the bed. Cas moved the covers and settled towards the middle of the bed. Dean followed, snuggling close to Cas. The warmth of Cas’ body in addition to his recent orgasm had Dean nodding off as Cas set an alarm on his phone.
“So this is the end? Dying at the hands of my favorite creations? Sam, the boy with the demon blood and Dean, daddy’s blunt little instrument, going to kill me once and for all.” Chuck turned to Dean. “Of course, Dean, it would be you. You are the ultimate killer, and always have been.”
One hand wrapped around Cas’ stiff dick. Dean swiped his thumb over the head and felt Cas thrust into his hand. Gathering the precome leaking from the head, Dean started stroking slowly. He followed the signs Cas’ body was giving him, speeding up as Cas’ hips began to move faster. Cas’ lips pulled away from Dean’s as his head dropped, forehead pressing against Dean’s shoulder. He wasn’t nearly as vocal as Dean but it was still obvious when he drew closer to his orgasm.
The bunker was quiet; the hunters from Apocalypse World had all dispersed, going off to find their own paths in this world. They all still called to check occasionally or if they needed help with a case. Most of them had adjusted quickly to their new world, their new home. Some decided to give up fighting, Charlie included. Leaving Apocalypse World had been a blessing for most, especially those who no longer wanted to fight. Dean envied those who had been able to give up the life of constant fighting, always worrying about whether they would survive the next day. They had freedom, something Dean could only truly dream of. These feelings Dean buried deep inside himself had come bubbling up while they had found a way to kill Chuck but he knew he wouldn’t be able to act on them, not until Chuck was buried in a place he would never emerge from.
“We will make it through tomorrow and we will win.” Dean said, hands still on Cas’ face. He leaned in, forehead pressing against Cas’. “You know why? Because I believe in us.”
His hands reached forward to grip Dean’s hips, pulling him closer. Their bodies pressed close together, Dean clinging to Cas desperately. A low moan slipped out of Dean’s mouth, and Cas took the opportunity to slide his tongue in and across Dean’s teeth. The hands on Cas’ coat moved, pulling it off and throwing it to the side.
“I don’t know how. My whole life has been fighting- monsters, Dad, myself. I don’t feel like I deserve you, deserve this, deserve love. Even when it is just the two of us, I want to hide. I don’t know how to love you, to live without fighting for every breath I take.” The words pouring out of Dean’s mouth came to an abrupt end. Dean could feel Cas’ thumbs wipe the tears that had started falling down his face.
Wasn’t that man he had seen while in the shower this morning? Then images took over his vision again. Blue prints of a hotel, the schematics to a gun. Blood in vials.
Castiel nodded, brushing past him inside. "That's just my brothers. They cleaned up our mud and blood and mess. They can be...thorough."
Dean lowered his knife and stared at it. Sam was staring at it too. All around them lay the bodies of the demons. Smited.
Dean took his assignment and went in search of Claire. She was sitting behind Kaia on a downed log moving chess pieces over her shoulder, while Patience frowned.
The stable lad was no more than fourteen, and eager to please when he recognized him from the week before.
"Is that understood, son?" She flinched at being called a son, both because she knew now she was not a man, and because being his offspring was the most vile thing she could think of.
“Pedal safe!” Dean called after him as he crossed the room, Chuck not even offended. He knew his friends boundaries. Most of the time.
The little wagon was sturdy, but creaked ominously as it rolled across the packed dirt and then onto the tightly cobbled avenues. Castiel managed to situate himself so he didn't keep falling over, and once he got used to the movement he even got to his feet once more. He walked carefully across the moving planks and picked up the fallen gown he had dropped, hoping the fabric wasn't mussed. Of course just as he was brushing out the blue velvet the wagon lurched to a halt sending him into the wall of gowns and ending up tangled ingloriously in a pile of blue gowns.
“Chuck, I love listening to you talk writing,”and normally his little stories were actually pretty good, “but I have a splitting headache. Actually, could you do me a favor?” Changing his trajectory to the passenger side of the car. “Can you drive this morning? The aspirin hasn’t kicked in yet.”
“About the deal? Yes, but Cas assured me that there was nothing in his life that would make him happy. What changed?” He asked, his eyes squinting just like Cas when he was curious about something.
"Hm?" Dean asked, looking at her distractedly. Her black hair was pulled back in a tight braid that fell over her shoulder, giving her a severe, yet appropriate look for head of the guard.
Dean just blinked at him, trying to swallow what his erstwhile date was telling him. “Anna was a Warrior of Heaven? I didn’t even know she was religious.”
It all made some sort of sense. But it also meant to him that he should probably leave. He could remember the last time Cas had shown amorous attention (they had all been shocked by his expert kissing abilities when he turned them on Meg) and he knew his brother wasn't one to hesitate when the moment was right. So he tried to scurry away before the two idiots, still gaping at each other from across the room, did something he didn't actually need to witness. Of course he was so busy staring at them as they stared, that he tripped over a pumpkin, sending a few thudding to the ground, and cracking one that he thought might have been a full bodied Dean holding a gun out in front of him menacingly.
He talked to Donna and quickly moved to the Impala, sliding into the passenger seat and tossing Sam the keys. “Donna, slow down. We’ll explain soon, but is everyone there? Is Charlie?” Sam caught them and ran to the driver’s seat.
He could see the man conferring with the tall one and pointing at a group of men near the kitchen doors.
Sancho looked back over his shoulder as the sirens blared behind them, lights flashing as they all tried to get around their barrier to follow in pursuit.
This part of town always gave Castiel the creeps. He tried to shrug it off as Sam led them down a particularly dark alleyway. He glanced up at the street sign. Waterman St.
He twirled around to find Jimmy Novak staring at him with a little smirk on his face. He slid his offensive hand of the other man’s grinning idiotically. “And you aren’t Chuck,” he observed.
“Um, D.C.” Jimmy said, finding a lie quickly. It was sort of true after all. “After I realized that all of my…friends were his friends and that everything reminded me of An-” almost saying her name, he smoothly changed it.  “Anais. I needed a change. A big one.” Sorry Anais, he thought wryly.
“What? Why would she? I haven’t seen her since college,” They reach the door to the roof, and it’s locked. Jimmy crouches down and inserts a strange key. The door opens like magic. “No, wait. She did send me an email…”
There may have been more discussion but he couldn't hear much. He started to breathe easy and uncurled himself only to end up sprawled on all fours as the wagon started to move. He then heard the jangle of harness and the clop of heavy horses hooves.
Lights caught her eye out the window and she went outside to look. There on the horizon she could see Winchester Castle, all lit up with lamps in anticipation for the coming ball. She could just make out the pennants waving in the breeze. All she wanted to do in lay down and seek oblivion, but a spark of inspiration overcame her. She would go that ball and she was go on her terms. Her family could tear her down all they wanted, but she would be ready in a week.
"Okay, Castiel," he closed a little more of the distance, but kept a little apart approaching a skittish animal. "Why do you keep saving my life?" he asked softly.
Dean glared up at him, "It's like every question..." words failed him at just how fucking stupid this stuff was making him feel "it's fine." He covered, straightening the papers as if that would somehow organize what was on them.
"The river is worth it," He said and felt Castiel's arm tighten around his middle. “You are worth it.” Dean smiled and kissed his boyfriends head. They both looked up at a voice calling for them.
The familiar sound of Sam clearing his throat brought them both to their senses. "Sam! Help me with the rest here. Cas, put those in the library." Cas disappeared, and so did all the rest of the groceries from the back of the car.
Another choking cough, but this time the man curled forward to cough more water out. "I"-cough-"can try-"
Dean bowed his head. "If the Princess is agreeable I happily accept these terms." He motioned to Sam, and his brother brought forward the velvet wrapped dragonslayer sword, now completely free of its stone sheathing and gleaming from its recent grind and polish. "I would return your fabled weapon with the deepest gratitude for its lending."
Dean slowed to a stop, a wave lapped at their bare feet and seagull gave out a harsh cry, echoed by others down the beach. He lifted his sunglasses off his eyes and put them on his head.
"Oh for the love of Pete," She threw up her hands. "I know this is amateur hour but you should at least know what the hell you're doing. Here, go over and watch the act before you. It'll give you a taste."
She cried until she felt like she had cried enough to overflow the fountain. Her body becoming chill in the night air.
The bathroom was out of paper towels. Dean scowled wiping his clean hands on his less than clean jeans and exited the bathroom in an even more foul mood than he had entered.
He hoisted himself up the side of the house using the broken up trellis and a drain pipe, coming to the first window, he saw a sleeping Dean laying in bed. The sight of him made him pause, holding his breath. What was he doing here?
“So everyone, Cas is back, and we’re getting married and you can all stay for dinner, there are two pots of chilli on the stove and plenty of beer.”
“Dean, what happened? I remember everyone disappearing and I think I-” Donna’s voice was talking rapidly. Dean realized Sam’s dilemma, Eileen was back and he had her phone.
Pink and white clouds streaked a perfectly blue sky as the sun set over the river valley. Cas hadn't been this far from the manor since he was a lad. South Bend, nestled against the rolling hills a few miles ahead was beginning to show little twinkling lights from street lamps and homes alike. Chimney's let out smoke here and there, but not every house as it was a warm summer evening. Behind him he saw the quickening darkness engulf the familiar. He wasn't going home tonight. Surely he could charm a stable hand into letting him sleep in a loft if he offered to muck the stables or some such thing. He looked down at his attire, the dress a little worse for the hard riding. He could always pretend to be a woman.
“Well, I’m working on a five-year plan. I just need to choose a font.” None of them laughed at his joke, circling him like sharks. Maybe Chuck had been right.
Dean's smile turned sly, and he licked his lips, glancing back over his shoulder as if looking for witnesses. Cas finally had a moment to take in his surroundings. While he was usually aware of where he was, sometimes he found being near his human that details ceased to matter outside of him. Sometimes after a visit with Dean he realized he didn't even look at anything else the entire time. He also had that odd thing where after the encounter all he thought about was the man he was no longer with.
The murmur that had started at the beginning of the announcement rose in a crescendo as the herald closed his scroll and turned smartly around leaving the square followed by his guard escort. Presumably to go the next square over and do his job all over again. No doubt every town and village in the country was hearing the same announcement.
He blinked. Bright light blinded him, so he raised a hand to shade his eyes. He was laying on the side of a dirt road the sun beaming down
Cas took in a deep breath. He was tired, he was probably just doing something wrong. There was no way he was heading back downstairs to tell the desk clerk his key wasn’t working. But after a few more unsuccessful attempts he decided that he must.
“My brothers always say I leave the ladies speechless. I wonder if the same can be said of the men in my life?”
Dean realized the horse had no saddle, "What's she called?" He asked patting her gently to reassure her he meant no harm.
She actually looked over his shoulder as if she were expecting him to have an entourage. Maybe she was. He was usually with his brothers after all. Or others from the church. It was actually kind of odd being all alone in a secular school surrounded by people he didn't know.
The next day proved that even almost dying of hypothermia and being a hero couldn't keep his life from plowing ahead. In fact it seemed to precipitate events.
Sometimes Dean felt like a complete idiot, the truth hit him so hard. He had been so caught up in the romantic possibilities he had completely missed the point. This was why Charlie had agreed to stay. Why she hadn't been as cold as he had been warned and why she still wanted an alliance. She couldn't marry Jo. But she could marry him and stay in the Winchester Castle with him and have Jo at her side.
“Chuck, I invited real live people to this thing. For you,” he adds poking at the air for emphasis. “So please, let’s go.” He turns to leave then turns back glaring at the still struggling bearded man in the window. “Chuck Shurley, you stay here,” then closes the door shaking his head and probably rolling his eyes in exasperation.
“You are a brave and good man Dean Winchester. Even if idiots like Zach see you as mad. To hell with all of them.”
It took the better part of an hour to traverse the caverns, the closer they got the more they heard Jo's cries for help. The farther they went the warmer it got and eventually they came to an opening where molten rock pooled in a chasm below them. The great room had many entrances and from a strategic point of view looked to be about the worst place for them to stage an attack. But they had little choice.
“Uh, Mr. Novak, of course, i didn't realize you had checked in,”  Ellen looked flustered and confused.
"It's just..." He trailed off, pursing his lips, adding under his breath probably thinking the man couldn't hear "if only I could remember."
He shook his head trying to dispel his thoughts. He was being ridiculous. No one fell in love that fast and there was no reason to think he could love a man. Surely not. Except...
“I love you too Castiel. Cas. You are my best friend and I want you by my side. And if i have to wait I will. I will find a way to the empty if I have to. Not for anymore sacrifice, but just to be with you if that’s all I can get. Sorry it took me so long.
"They are on their way, Sam was in the shower, and the older fellow insisted on going back down to the River to look for you. Raph went down to fetch him." Gabriel asked, looking over Cas's shoulder as if he wasn't there. "They should all be here in a minute."
Dean sidled around the kitchen table, sitting down with his cup of coffee. It may have been more whiskey than coffee at this point but who was paying attention. He hasn’t stopped drinking since….“We have a big day tomorrow, you think we did enough?”
It was safe to say that this man did things to Castiel that he would rather not admit to himself. So he told himself that he was just nervous around him. It was actually awkward to save another person’s life, especially when they were about ten times cooler than you.
“We will win this. It’s the only way this can end. We’ve fought too damn hard for it to go any other way,” said Sam.
That one sentence was all it took to bring Dean to his feet, pacing towards Cas. “You’re sorry?! That’s all you have to say? After telling me you loved me all you have to say is “I’m sorry.” Well I’m sorry too Cas. Sorry I wasn’t able to tell you sooner. Sorry all I did was stand there when you poured your soul out. I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you I loved you.”
Dean was waiting for his pastries to finish proving a second time before putting them in the oven but he was quickly running out of time. He slid his pastry into the oven, feeling the heat on his face as he did. He set his timer for 20 minutes and sat down to wait. There was nothing he could do while the danishes cooked. He found his eyes wandering, and they soon settled on Castiel. The man had ended up with flour covering his apron and part of his arms. Dean smiled and chuckled to himself. It takes a special kind of baker to end up covered with flour. He looked down at himself, and was surprised to find that he also had flour covering almost his whole apron.
There isn’t quite enough room for that, but Castiel is content to sit nearby and exchange inconsequential conversation as Dean gets to enjoy the rare indulgence of a full bath. Even more enjoyable is the way he takes his time drying himself before slipping into his discarded trousers from the night before and pushing Castiel back towards the bed, apparently intent on taking full advantage of it before he has to leave.
From the corner, Gabriel snorts. “Yes, because marriage has changed so much for me,” he says lazily, ambling along at the back of the party.
On the whole, Dean spends very little time inside the main house, but he can hardly recognize it in its current state. Every surface of every room is spotless as usual, but the decor has been packed away in favor of loading down every banister with what feels like half the carefully-tended contents of the gardens. Music filters out from the ballroom towards the main kitchens, where Dean finds his escape from the stifling atmosphere inside.
Next comes Castiel’s mare, easily led from her ties across the yard. Castiel himself follows behind, a silent presence at Dean’s back as they draw closer to the mounting block. Dean holds the mare carefully still at her front until Castiel swings himself into the saddle and adjusts his seat.
“I’m flattered,” Cas says, voice dry. “I don’t know what I’d do if I found out you and your car were cheating on me with some other attendant.”
“I know Cas sometimes feels a little like an outsider at these big family events, so it’s really nice of you to come along with him so he has a friend here.” It’s only when Anna smiles at him that Dean realizes she’s standing
Yeah, pretty much where he’d expect a bunch of insufferably rich assholes to hold a boardroom power play disguised as a holiday party.
“You’ll empty the garden of flowers if you keep this up,” Dean says, tracing the edge of the petals. He doesn’t seem too bothered by the notion.
Dean might not exactly be in his element, but at least he’s on a more level playing field than at the restaurant. Everyone’s relaxed and in a good mood again, there aren’t any exes around to soak up all the attention - by the time everyone disperses, Dean feels as if he’s made some progress with Anna. She might not be as enthusiastic talking with Dean as she clearly was talking with Hannah, but she’s genuinely warm and welcoming to this stranger crashing her family holiday, and the conversation flows easily for the remainder of the evening. It’s easy to see why she’s Cas’s favorite sibling.
Dean makes himself an empty promise to come find Sam when he’s more ready to discuss it at length — as if he’ll ever feel ready, when it feels like he’s the one who ripped his own heart out of his chest. But it gets him away, and this time, he heads directly for the safety of the outdoors.
“The law is a fine pursuit,” Castiel remarks, voice carefully neutral. Of course, Raphael only ever went into law as a fact of being a younger son — he would never have considered something so lowly as taking up an occupation without that impetus. “In fact, my mother has discussed sponsoring one of the house staff to attend schooling in such a trade, to better serve the care of her accounts. Perhaps you might speak with him about it, at some point during your stay?” Never mind that Sam Winchester has declined her offers thus far. Raphael need not be aware of it.
It’s a perfectly nice guest room, no trace of its usual occupant in sight. Dean sets his duffel down at the foot of the bed and turns to find Anna still there. “Thanks again. Appreciate you all hosting me on such short notice.”
“We did so miss you this season, Castiel,” Michael says idly, blotting the ink off a letter. “Next year you’ll have to join us for a month at minimum.”
The meadow is as still and peaceful as it always is, bright rays of the afternoon sun casting a golden glow over the grasses and wildflowers. Dean sucks in deep lungfuls of air as he looks over it, willing away the moisture that threatens to prickle at the corners of his eyes. It won’t be long until the changing seasons claim everything here, too, turning everything dry and brittle.
Cas fidgets again. “I did tell them you were going to spend the holiday alone otherwise. And that we live together. Just not -
After that look, Dean doesn’t think he can be blamed for hastily squeezing into a parking space on the side of the street and kissing Cas senseless against the passenger door. Cas doesn’t seem to blame him, either, going by the hands tugging him closer and eagerly trying to sneak under all four layers of clothing.
.” Castiel doesn’t mind how petulant he sounds, not when it provokes such lovely laughter from Dean. His frown softens, and he reaches out to brush his thumb over Dean’s cheek. “I wish that you could attend. With me.”
“Especially considering he missed an entire season in town this year. If he’s going to limit himself to the pool of nearby residents, he should take care to pursue one or the other sooner rather than later, or else he’ll find them all already spoken for.”
With all the chaos of the visit around the house, it’s been too long since Castiel has had the opportunity to slip away unseen. Each bundle of carefully-cut flowers left in the sitting area of his room in the past week went unanswered, occupied as he was with the myriad outings arranged for them.
Dean must pause for too long, because before he knows it, Charlie’s looking at him closely, her eyes narrowed suspiciously. “Dean.”
Dean opens his mouth to tell Cas he can’t, he’s already agreed to look after Sam’s dog while he’s away with Eileen and her family, until he really thinks about it. Years of trying to make crappy hotel rooms feel festive, then driving Sam up to Bobby’s to give him a semblance of a normal family Christmas once Dad died and left them officially on their own. The past couple years since Bobby passed have been harder, but Dean hasn’t done a half-bad job considering it’s just the two of them.
“Oh, pal, you have no idea what you’ve walked into, do you?” Gabriel’s already halfway through a candy cane, despite the fact that he probably ate more sugar at brunch than Jack did. “We don’t put up a tree like normal people. In this bunch, it’s a competition.”
A horn honks off in the distance, and Dean breaks away reluctantly, trailing his hands down the striped sleeves of the polo Cas is wearing under his vest. “Come on. I have it on good authority you’re off work as of a few minutes ago, and Sam and Eileen finished renovations last month. You’re invited to dinner in their fancy new dining room, if you want to come.”
It’s impossible to miss the trace of pride in Benny’s voice as he says, “You’ll remember last season when I accompanied the Miltons into town. Lord Charles was the most frequent visitor to Lady Amara’s home there, although his sons made their fair share of visits as well.” He turns to check the path behind him and lowers his voice regardless of their privacy. “I don’t believe I could choose which of his sons is the least pleasant to be around, even if pressed.”
One month turns into two, and Emma keeps knitting in her spare time. Dean credits the length of time she sticks with it to babysitting Jack once a week - Castiel doesn’t have a television in the house, because of course he doesn’t, so that leaves her with nothing to keep her occupied after Jack goes to bed but to keep up with her latest hobby. Throw in a little bit of patient instruction from Cas when she reaches a roadblock in her current project, and her interest lasts much longer than Dean expected.
“Yeah, hasn’t exactly been the ‘meet the family’ trip I thought Cas was asking me on,” Dean admits. “But it’s fine. Getting them to like me is still a work in progress, though.”
“Appreciation won’t keep me from having to stay outside through the lunch hour to finish what I need to get done.” He much prefers to complete the bulk of his tasks in the cool morning air. Walking the orchards and wilderness around the edges of the maintained section of the property is fine enough for a hot afternoon — there’s enough shade to keep him relatively cool, and with no other eyes around, he’s always free to wet himself down with cool water from one of the well-stocked ponds on the property — but that isn’t all he has on his list of duties for the day.
Meanwhile, Dean’s stomach just about hits the floor. For a second he thought he’d somehow forgotten another relative, she looks so similar to Cas. But there’s only one Hannah that Cas has ever mentioned, and if she’s here and Cas’s siblings are looking between them like
So now he’s got a working vacation from his regular job at Bobby and Ellen’s contracting firm, but hey, he hasn’t seen Sam and Eileen in long enough that he isn’t too picky about it. Not that he’s going to let them pay him his normal fee for his labor like they offered, but it’s the thought that counts. It’s almost enough to make up for the fact that he had to battle with Philly rush hour traffic when he’s already exhausted at the end of a long trip.
He’s suddenly wildly glad for the veiled text asking about Cas’s work schedule he sent earlier, even if it meant having to wait an impatient few hours after getting settled back in at Sam and Eileen’s until he could justify heading over. Now that he’s here, he can’t imagine driving away again without Cas in the passenger seat.
Sure enough, when he reaches the top of the stairs and lightly pushes on the half-open door to their bedroom, he finds Dean sprawled across the large feather bed, utterly absorbed in the book in his hands. Now that he has a small measure of leisure time, he spends at least a little time each day refreshing his childhood lessons by reading his way through the estate’s library, and there’s nowhere he prefers to read more than their bed — once Castiel’s, now theirs.
“Construction, renovations, all that kind of thing. Everything’s within city limits or close to it, but all that driving adds up.”
“Not soon enough. I can only hope they’ll tire of staying here after the ball. It seems almost everything out of their mouths is some form of complaint against the house, or the size of the rooms, or the variety of entertainment available.”
Dean rolls his eyes, but it’s kind of nice to hear it, even if Sam’s being sappy as ever. “Yeah, yeah. Enough about me and Cas - how’s it going with Eileen’s family? They figured out you’re a complete nerd and she’s too cool for you yet?”
“Well, uh. Turns out Cas isn’t out to his family, so that probably isn’t happening until we’re back.”
That’s enough to get a wry smile from Cas. Not ideal, but he’ll take it. “I’m pretty sure they don’t even like
“All to see me?” Dean hums and casts a glance over Castiel, smoothing over the front of his jacket. “You’ve earned a reward for your persistence, if nothing else.”
Instead of taking the bait, Castiel just captures his hand and firmly grasps it in his own. “Or you could rest.”
Sam’s disapproving hum echoes down the line, but he likes Cas nearly as much as Dean does, so he doesn’t say much more about it. “Just...remember you don’t deserve to be hidden like that. And if they’re anything less than proud to have you as part of the family, that’s their fault, not yours.”
“You thought you’d let me be the man responsible for lowering your station? For removing you entirely and irreversibly from society, even if you have little interest in what benefits it affords you?” Dean swipes a hand across his face with a dull chuckle. “Thank you very much for the opportunity, Cas, but I think I’ll decline.”
The last loop of fabric around his neck slips free under Dean’s careful ministrations, finally allowing him access to the hollow of Castiel’s throat, right between the edges of the stiff starched collar brushing his jaw. He takes immediate advantage, scraping his teeth over the delicate skin there, determined to take both their minds off anything that could ruin their limited hours together.
“Lucien, please,” Raphael chastises. “We mustn’t forget that Castiel has always demonstrated a special interest in horticulture. Does that not lend itself to an interest in the property itself?”
“Then who the hell do they think you’re bringing for Christmas? Just a friend?” It stings more than he thought it would - he’s never had to deal with this, never known anyone in Kansas City who doesn’t know them as a package deal. Even Cas’s obnoxious work friends like Balthazar know about them, for God’s sake.
Cas still hasn’t taken his hand off the nozzle, even though he’s engaged the automatic fill. Dean keeps his eyes fixed on it, unable to look Cas in the eye. “Wouldn’t dream of it. As long as your coworkers don’t try chasing me off to defend your honor and
“Well, without any advanced oversight, that explains why the grounds are so poorly managed. We hardly caught anything in the lake yesterday. If only you paid better attention to these details—”
She waves a dismissive hand. “Kelly doesn’t mind having Jack in with her. Besides, we’d never put a grown man on the floor in someone else’s room when we just had to do a little bit of shuffling!”
“It’s been a long time coming. There were times it seemed like it might be too difficult to get all the moving parts to fall into place, but-”
Dean grins, letting his gaze flick over Cas. “We just spent more than twelve hours in the car together, and you’re still coming to say goodnight? You sap.”
“And you’re wearing them for a reason, kiddo,” Kelly reminds him. To his credit, Jack doesn’t pout too much when Cas sets him down and his mom ushers him up the stairs after what Dean suspects is a second round of goodnights to everyone.
Mr. Singer hums. “Been hearing that a lot lately. There’s hardly anyone around here who won’t be glad to see the back of them when the time comes.”
He stays away from the windows for the remainder of the evening, unwilling to risk a glance inside. It isn’t until the ball has wound down and the guests have been loaded back into their carriages to return home that he finds himself drawn to the passage that ends at Castiel’s private study, intended for unobtrusive cleaning.
“It was so kind of Castiel to invite his roommate for the holiday,” Michael says, a polite smile fixed firmly in place. Dean makes sure to shake his hand for a shade longer than he should, grinning wide.
Dean makes him work for it, taking a seat in his previous position and shamelessly watching as Castiel stretches to pick two pears just out of reach. He returns in short order, triumphantly offering one to Dean before settling beside him against the tree, heedless of the dirt getting onto his clothes.
Dean looks up at the intrusion and sets his book aside, a fond grin spreading across his face. “There you are. You were so absorbed in your gardening when I returned that I didn’t want to bother you.”
“I do.” Out of consideration for Dean’s preferences, he often refrains from voicing his affections as openly and as often as he wishes he could; he knows it makes Dean uncomfortable to hear it spoken aloud. All he can do is hope that in time Dean will come to believe it enough that Castiel does not have to hold his tongue.
A brief silence settles between them, broken only by the faint music still playing in the background. Dean searches for something to say, trying to avoid any awkward silence now that he’s gotten himself into this mess. “What about you? You get a lot of out-of-towners weirded out by the no-pumping thing?”
The trickling of water serves as enough distraction that it takes Dean a moment to register the sight of Castiel emerging from the treeline. Though they’re rumpled nearly beyond recognition, he’s still in his fine clothes from the night before, as if he appeared directly from his bedroom to continue to make his case.
“Okay.” A minute passes, with only the rush of the road passing beneath them filling the silence. “So...yeah, I remember. What about it?”
The uncomfortable twist that has been present in Castiel's chest since his cousins’ arrival does not unwind until he reaches the outer edge of the meadow that has served as his sanctuary for years.
Still stunned, Dean shakes his head, unable to comprehend how Lady Amara could possibly feel anything close to approval of her son’s desired match. “Surely your mother agrees you deserve far better than a gardener, Cas.”
have that knowledge for yourself. We attended no fewer than four such lectures on the sciences this season, did we not?”
I had a lot of fun writing this for me and the spn group chat - enough that I wrote a lot in a short amount of time by my standards - but thank you to anyone else who read it!
Cas patiently puts up with the crushing embrace for far longer than Dean would before finally someone else wanders over to the entryway to investigate, prompting a round of more restrained hugs and handshakes from the others.
Another cramped car ride and a tree delivery later, there’s a bare tree in the living room that would be brushing the ceiling if it wasn’t vaulted. As it stands, it’s tall enough that when Michael drafts Cas into bringing out the ornaments, Dean waits for them to grab a stepladder too.
“Yes, because it makes my job so much easier when I have to roam the gardens looking for which blossoms to take for interior arrangements as well as which need to be removed because they’ve been so badly damaged.”
After a time, he recovers from his shock and resolves to do what he should’ve done years ago. He throws on the first set of clothing he sees — the finery from the ball, now rumpled beyond recognition from a night of sitting out on the floor. With faintly shaking fingers, he does up the final clasps, stands, and straightens the hopelessly ruined fabric to the best of his ability. He’s still not quite presentable, but it will have to be enough.
The cost of Charlie taking over dog-sitting duty comes out to only one set of elaborately engraved lapis dice, which Dean happily forks over the cash for before steering Charlie out of the shop and down the street. Luckily it isn’t that far of a walk - not that Charlie doesn’t do her best to guess where they’re headed the whole time, coming up with increasingly ridiculous scenarios the further they go.
He might have imagined this particular scenario more than once since they began courting. Primarily as a fantasy, not anything he might have truly thought might be possible; however, his cousins’ insistence on finding a suitable match in the week leading up to the ball made him realize that if he did not make his choice known, the opportunity might be taken from him.
Before they even set foot in the country club where Michael’s business reception is being hosted, Dean can already tell Cas’s words last night were accurate, but it’s cemented once they get past the coat check. The grand staircase leads down to a glittering ballroom stuffed to the gills with a forest’s worth of gold-trimmed Christmas trees, all offset by a sweeping view of Lake St. Clair from the bank of glass doors forming the back wall.
Dean doesn’t want to point out that it doesn’t help if Castiel introduces himself to anyone who says more than two words to him in passing, either. “Well,
Normally Dean would manage to work up some nerves in the final hours before something as important as meeting his partner’s family, but it’s a twelve-hour drive from their apartment to Cas’s family home. He’s got Cas and his car, a bunch of cassettes to avoid ever having to hear any holiday music on the radio, and the reassuring weight of a jewelry box in one of his jacket pockets. Their chosen route even has minimal traffic and no construction. All in all, Dean’s feeling pretty good about life in general, enough to keep him relaxed even as they eat up the miles between them and Michigan. Cas seems more nervous than Dean is, to be honest.
There’s only one kid in the family, so it doesn’t take much to figure out who the five-year-old launching himself at Cas’s legs and the woman hurrying along behind him are. Cas manages to intercept Jack before he launches himself at his legs and scoops him up into a bear hug, sending Jack into a fit of delighted giggles. “He heard the commotion downstairs and had to come say hi.”
Shifting uncomfortably, Dean shoots a glance at Cas behind Anna’s back. “I’d, uh - I’d be fine with just an air mattress on Cas’s floor, to be honest. Don’t want to put anyone out of their room.”
Sometimes Dean allows himself to wonder how much easier it might be if they were of a similar standing. Both of them young lords, bringing equal wealth to the table so that no one could doubt the truth of their devotion keeping them together, or even two laborers on staff with little to their name but each other. Their association grew out of Castiel’s natural curiosity about the gardens Dean cares for, after all. In moments like these, Dean can almost see Castiel down in the dirt with him.
Dean’s done his homework, studied the stiff family photos on Cas’s phone, all of it. So when the focus shifts away from Cas and towards the newcomer, he puts on his most charming grin and starts doling out the handshakes. “Hey there - Anna and Gabriel, right? Michael, nice to finally meet you.” Luke he’ll probably never meet, and Raphael’s job putting out legal fires for the company never allows him to show up any earlier than Christmas Eve, but he can at least try to win over the remainder of the siblings first.
“Oh, no, uh-” Dean fumbles for words and scratches the back of his neck nervously, taking a half-step back. “No, uh, my brother’s spending time with his fiancée’s family, and I...just went through a breakup. Actually. So it was just going to be me for Christmas.”
It’s such an odd thing to say that Dean can’t help the fond grin that cracks across his face. “I will,” he promises, tucking the receipt into his pocket for safekeeping.
Dean picks at a loose thread on the comforter to distract himself from the twist in his stomach. “Yeah, it kinda does. But being alone for the holiday was gonna suck anyway, and now he’s gonna owe me for the next, like, five Christmases, so that’s something.”
“The way you talked about this stuff, I figured I should try it the same way you order it.” Dean unwraps his sandwich tentatively and gets a mouthwatering whiff of fried meat. “Dude, you were right, this is
Voices begin drifting down from the open window above his head, and he lets out a quiet groan, once again wishing for some quiet. At least he’ll sleep deeply as soon as he gets the chance, given how ragged he’s been pushing himself trying to keep busy in order to avoid the guests of honor who, in his opinion, have
“Maybe that’s because I always miss you,” Cas says, low and warm, looking up at Dean through his lashes.
“You say that now. Wait til you meet them,” Cas says, voice dry, and the roar of the engine as they pull back onto the road drowns out Dean’s laughter.
That defuses Charlie enough to allow Dean to distract her into telling him all her hot takes about the show she’s been binge-watching with the dog, and when they finally hang up, he’s thoroughly distracted from the mess he’s found himself in.
Dean only has a second to realize that the deep voice means it can’t be the teenage girl still sitting at the cash register before he finishes turning around and finds himself staring into the bluest pair of eyes he’s ever seen. Once he gets over the initial surprise, he realizes the rest of the guy’s face looks pretty damn incredible, too. For a second all he can think is that the stranger’s eyes are almost the exact color of the yarn in his left hand. “Feels like more than a little,” he finally manages.
as Dean does. Not exactly what Dean expected, when he unselfconsciously befriended the quiet young lord between tutoring sessions as a child, but more precious to him than nearly anything else in the world. Dean thanks his stars daily that Lady Amara’s kindness allowed the children of the estate’s workers to join in on her own children’s schooling, or else Castiel might never have spared him a second glance.
The tinny pop music playing over the speakers is grating enough that Dean’s tempted to launch into the whole history of his car, but that’s dangerous territory. “Probably not the best thing to ask me, man. Give me a chance to talk about my car and I’ll go all day.” He doesn’t want to bore the guy to death when he’s just trying to do his job. Besides, Castiel’s just being polite.
it when Cas leaves, even if it’s only for a few days. “Man, are you sure you gotta go? You go see them every year, and you don’t even enjoy it half the time.”
Castiel endures their introductions and tour of the estate the first day with rather more composure than he feels at having his peace disturbed, and congratulates himself on a job well done. He does not outwardly grimace more than twice — a great accomplishment, in his opinion. Especially after Lucien traps him in conversation in an unoccupied stairwell for the better part of an hour. Castiel only escapes at the sounding of the bell summoning everyone to supper, and isn’t quite sure if he should consider the ensuing conversation over the meal an improvement or not.
Dean’s eyes flicker away from his. Only for a moment, but enough that Castiel can tell he should tread carefully. “You don’t mean that, Cas,” he says softly.
Dean sighs and drums his fingers on the wheel. “You’re really not gonna let me pump my own gas, are you?”
Their presence is already disrupting Castiel’s carefully curated routine. Every few days, whenever Dean has time to spare during the course of his daily duties, he leaves flowers in Castiel’s study; if Castiel is able to meet with him, he places them in a vase on his desk, near the window overlooking the gardens. More dear to Castiel than anything else are the single roses that Dean leaves on days when he is too busy to create an arrangement to his own standards but nevertheless wishes to spend what precious time he does have with Castiel.
He tries to avoid thinking about it whenever possible, especially when there are far more pleasant activities to occupy their limited time together. It’s a perfectly warm autumn day, not a hint of cooler weather in the air yet, and the temperature must make the hastily tied cravat around Castiel’s neck feel more stifling than usual. Fortunately for him, Dean has plans for it.
“You forget they’ll be enlisting all of us for our help the night of that ball,” Benny reminds him, and laughs at the sigh Dean heaves in response. “We’ll all suffer the visitors equally, I have no doubt.”
“Well, hey, look at it this way,” Dean says, clapping Cas on the shoulder, careful to keep just enough distance between them in case someone catches them unaware. “You only have to spend a few days with ‘em for the holidays. Maybe the occasional text or phone call if you’re feeling generous. The rest of the time you’ve got me, and I like you a hell of a lot better than her.”
He isn’t sure how long he remains there, eyes kept carefully dry only thanks to the warmth of the sunlight, but it’s long enough that with time, his mind goes blissfully quiet.
Being out here, away from the noise and chaos, he feels the long-held tension that has taken up residence in the center of his chest for the past week begin to unwind. Though he suspects the reason is just as much due to the company as the opportunity to escape from the smothering presence of his cousins.
Cas reaches behind him to tear off his receipt and pulls a pen from the pocket of his vest. He scribbles something on it and then folds it into Dean’s hand, tucking Dean’s fingers around the thin slip of paper. “Keep me updated on your timeline.”
Maintaining the gardens has become a point of pride for Dean: not something he ever would have expected, when he started the job, but keeping the hedges and paths in careful order satisfies his innate need to leave his surroundings neater than he finds them. He’s in the middle of correcting a wandering edge of the path when he hears footsteps crunching over the pebbles towards him. Fortunately, there’s also a stand of hollyhocks nearby that needs his attention as well.
“You’re still gonna make it up to me later,” he says firmly, and Cas nods his agreement. “But hey, I still get to spend the holiday with you. Guarantee that’s better than spending most of a week stuck with Sam’s dog for company.”
“That makes sense. To be honest, I only grabbed that one because that’s Emma’s favorite shade of blue. We went and picked out some beginner yarns for her a few weeks ago, but it sounded like she’s embarrassed to give anyone anything she’s made with them, so here I am trying to figure out something nice enough for her to feel good about using.”
“Well, now that you know someone here can fuel you up without making you break out in hives, you’re always welcome back.”
fidgets, but it’s still enough to put Dean on alert. “I told you that since everyone was there, I told them about us. About me.”
“Well, I happen to know neither of those things are true.” One last tug and the knot slips free, leaving the ends trailing down Castiel’s chest. Ever the opportunist, Dean wraps one end around his hand and uses it as leverage to tug Castiel closer. “In fact, I was planning on approaching you just now, as long as you don’t have any objections?”
Of course, he has some difficulty getting his work done when he’s being pulled in a hundred other directions. He doesn’t mind helping out here and there across the estate, but it does mean that often he’s the one the other staff come to when they need help. Which is why Dean finds himself sharing the task of saddling mounts for Lady Amara and her three adult children when he’s supposed to be out walking the perimeter of the gardens to tidy any unruly edges.
Even if he is bizarrely attached to the library. At least there’s someone as perturbed as he is by their guests. “Come with me,” Dean says, clapping Sam on the back and steering him out the door nearest to the gardener’s shed. “If you’re willing to share with an old grouch, I think there’s some free space available for you.”
Looking around the empty gas station parking lot, Dean says, “Sure didn’t come here for the scenery. No offense.”
, I’m Dean, and this car’s my baby. Now that we’re all up to speed, let me show you how to treat her right, okay?”
Fighting words, but Charlie’s busy inspecting the array of dice before her, so Dean decides to be magnanimous and give her a pass. He should’ve known when he bribed her into coming with him with a trip to the local game store that they’d wind up spending more time here than on his actual errands, too. She’s lucky he’s so fond of her. “Like we don’t get any here?” he points out, and she shrugs.
It takes no less than a full hour for everyone to decide on a tree that fits all their specifications, during which time Dean mostly wanders among the rows of trees of all ages to keep himself from freezing. He finally notices the rest of the group gathered around one particularly impressive Douglas fir and heads over in time to hear Michael instructing someone on how to find the house.
been stressed about it since he announced it while we were up in Mackinac, and if I tell them about us before the everything’s signed then I don’t think they’ll take it as well as if I tell them afterwards.”
If it were under any other circumstances, Dean thinks he surely would be amused by the way Sam’s mouth gapes open like a fish. “Proposed
The delicate joints of Dean’s fingers flex minutely as his fist tightens in the fabric of the bedsheets. “After all the years of — of
“Listen, man, I better get back inside - some stupid fancy business thing thing pretending it’s a party - but we’ll talk Christmas morning, sound good? I want to hear what you think of your present.”
“You’re reward enough,” Castiel promises, with more honesty than Dean can bear, as if it doesn’t loosen the seed of doubt inside his chest every time he says anything to that effect. As if it’s obvious. He’ll never understand how anyone can think Castiel cold or aloof, even if few others ever get the privilege of knowing him as well as Dean.
“Whoa, whoa, hey! Nobody touches my car but me.” No way he’s letting some random guy fumble his way around the gas cap. At least Steve’s already stepped well away from the driver’s side door, so he’s free to swing it wide open and follow him over to the pump.
“You sure you don’t have any other exes you want me to meet while we’re in town? Think I’ve still got some room in my schedule.” Dean grins at the dismayed groan Cas lets out.
Dean very carefully doesn’t think about how Cas doesn’t like to talk about the circumstances surrounding his time with Crowley, or what happened that made them lose contact. “They, uh. They seem like a nice bunch, actually.”
He’s busy holding a skein in either hand, trying to determine whether either of them might be the kind of thing Emma might like, when he catches movement out of the corner of his eye.
This is Sam’s second time going back to meet Eileen’s adoptive mom and the rest of her family, but the last time was in the spring, so Dean lets Sam update him on how weird it is to be walking around in short sleeves in the dead of winter until the cold really starts burning his lungs on each inhale.
Cas says, “Oh, I can almost guarantee tomorrow night will be worse. An opportunity for Michael to solidify his business connections with his soon-to-be business partners? At the most stuck-up country club in the state? Everyone’s going to have to play at being one big happy family to help Michael out.”
“You’ve been married not yet three months,” Michael says. “Just because you and Lucien have been allowed to maintain much of your previous lifestyles does
As if Dean could forget. The picture of Cas and his nephew fast asleep on one of the rocking chairs on the front porch of their hotel on Mackinac Island graced his phone’s lock screen for months afterwards. “Yeah, it was a big deal because
That morning, despite his cousins’ best efforts to persuade him to accompany them in fishing on the largest lake on the property, he begs off and heads in the opposite direction. Midafternoon finds him slipping away from their visitors to ride beyond the edges of the manicured lawn and outlying orchards into the wilderness surrounding the estate, managed in such a way that it looked like nobody has ever interfered with the natural state of the trees and hedges that grow abundant there. He’s more aware than most of the careful upkeep required to maintain the appearance of untamed nature. Even knowing the truth behind the facade, the sense of stealing away into the unknown still sends a thrill down his spine, although that perhaps has more to do with his destination than his successful escape.
With the amount of casual disregard he just witnessed in the gardens, he should probably head inside and ask around to see if there’s any damage to the interior or exterior of the house that needs repairing. Mind made up, he brushes a few stray crumbs off his shirt and heads back through the servants’ entrance, intent on finding the housekeeper to give him something to occupy his time. If there’s anything amiss in the house as a result of their guests’ carelessness, Mrs. B is sure to know about it. She always has enough on her plate that she should be happy to make it his problem.
“That’s not necessarily a bad thing,” Castiel says mildly. “I can tell she means a lot to you, and not just for how much you paid for her. Unlike the few others that have stopped here before.”
And the sooner the merger happens, the sooner Cas will feel comfortable telling his family about them. Dean lets out a breath. “So no pressure, then. Great.”
There’s a kernel of anger inside him, set right next to the yawning chasm of devastation, and he focuses on it so that he doesn’t crumble where he stands. Dean can’t think about his offense at Castiel making it his responsibility to deny him for too long, or else he might veer into how desperately he still wants to run back and accept. Instead, he allows his resentment to simmer beneath the surface as he stalks out of the passage and heads for his quarters.
Lady Amara passes by first with Lord Charles and Lady Naomi, all three deep in conversation. Dean dips his head politely as they go by, and Lady Amara does the courtesy of sending a small smile in his direction. He knows she does adore the gardens. Perhaps not the ornamental so much as the others, but she is as considerate a lady as they come to acknowledge her staff’s hard work in maintaining them for her pleasure.
As soon as he gets off the Whitman and takes the exit that’ll bring him to Sam’s slice of suburban paradise, he’s on the lookout for a gas station. After passing a dozen overcrowded Wawas in a row, he’s about to give up on being able to find a Gas-N-Sip and being able to use his rewards points when he finally spots one on the next block. Dean makes the turn with a relieved glance at the fuel gauge.
“It was one of Mom’s,” he manages around the lump in his throat. Charlie threads one of her arms into Dean’s and leans against him, squeezing him in a half-hug. “Not her fanciest, but it was one of her favorites. I remember her being careful about taking it off every time she baked.”
“Oh, no doubt it’ll be worse for you. With all the fishing and shooting they’ll want to do, I’ll bet they’ll have you readying their horses multiple times a day.” Dean watches Benny tip his head back with a groan, then flashes him a grin. “Meanwhile, all I’ll have to do is provide suitable floral arrangements for the ball they’re holding in the cousins’ honor. Simple enough.”
Dean pokes around on his phone for another minute, punching in the address and letting the map load up a route that’ll take him around the worst of the traffic. When he looks up, Steve’s at least straightened away from the window, but he’s still just standing there. A little annoyed, Dean says, “Listen, man, there’s plenty of pumps open if someone else comes around. World’s not gonna end if I take a second before I start filling up.”
“Did you see our cousin skulking around in the corners earlier? No surprise that he’s had such difficulty finding a suitable match. He practically ran away from Lady Hannah when she suggested he might offer to dance with her so that she had a partner for the next round.” Dean would recognize Lord Gabriel’s grating voice anywhere, even without the ever-present amusement coloring it heavily. None of the other cousins would dare be heard in such fine humor.
