Dean deadpanned. "She is like my sister."
Cas shifted his eyes away from Dean's. "You are above everything else."
to Cas, but he stopped himself in time. Cas was his best friend, nothing more. It was not a thing proper men said to each other.
Dean shifted a little closer and now his head was on Cas' shoulder, their thighs touching each other. He took a huge yawn.
The streets were empty because it was almost midnight. The roads were paved with snow now. Dean could see his fingertips turning blue in the cold. He put his hands in his jacket pocket and started walking to his car when he suddenly stopped. A figure was sitting on the sidewalk, probably too drunk to go home. Dean wondered if he should call an Uber.
"Yes he's sure." Cas said, exasperated. "Still an angel. Super hearing."
The blush creeping up on his cheek made Dean laugh. "Someone's got a crush."
Dean's feet carried him back to his father of their own accord. His brain didn't seem to he working anymore. "This garage..it belonged to her?"
Sammy came to lie at the same position as Dean was and stared up. They stayed in silence for some time. The only sound in the room was of their breathing.
"Your mistress comes first, of course."
"But, Dean, I want you tonaaaiiight." Lisa moaned.
"Sounds like him."
"I don't think it will work anymore. Things will be too different for us."
When they became a sophomore, Dean couldn't take the pity anymore. So he braced himself, told his introvert ass to take a seat and went over and talked to Lisa Bradey with a big smile plastered on his face. He always thought she was the prettiest girl in his grade. Two months later, they were going out.
or anything, all right? I am straight." Dean spluttered out. Maybe if he said those words enough times, they would come true.
"They gave me the hetero one back when I was fourteen. I swear if they start teaching me how to scissor."
"It's not what I do, what I am
before he recognized the voice. His stomach gave a flip of its own.
"Found it!" To Dean's relief, Michael shouted, interrupting the little fight. Ash turned around to walk over to him, but Cas was faster. Dean could see his eyes wide with fear as he ran over to his elder brother.
It was Dean's turn to be flustered. "You deserved better than me."
"Oh." Sam said as soon as he opened the door.
Saying goodbye hadn't been easy. Jo and Ellen each hugged him for much longer than he liked. Jess had made him a handmade "happy journey" card with glitters and butterflies. Sam had pretended to roll his eyes at it but Dean saw him secretly eyeing the card with pride in his eyes. Lisa had kissed him so long that by the time she was done, Dean was completely out of touch. They had promised to stay in contact, to call at least once a day. And to not stare at other guys or girls. That won't be a problem for Dean. He didn't want anything to do with someone who was not Lisa. He was done with everyone else.
Fuck it. Just rip the bandage off. "I have decided to buy the Roadhouse."
am. No free beers."  He had no idea what he was doing. All the guys were taller and bigger than him. If they wanted, they could easily beat him into a pulp and take all the free beer they wanted. But all their racist and homophobic talks had annoyed him and he didn't want to take any more of their shit.
- a word Dean thought he'd never associated with Castiel Novak.
"Can you give me another chance?"
"They found out, didn't they?"
Mick nodded. "One of Castiel's patient?"
"Jack rebuilt heaven. Changed it so we aren't stuck in our heads any more." Bobby answered.
"What happened?"
"This your little dork brother?" A deep voice said from behind the counter. The boy had dirty blonde hair which reached his shoulders and he had a piercing in his left ear.
Dean cleared his throat loudly. Cas was busy with his beer again, not paying attention to them. "Um, listen it's not what you think.. I..I..was just.."
Perhaps finding himself with no other option, Cas was finally forced to look at Dean. His blue eyes regarded him curiously, waiting to see how Dean would handle this grieving woman.
Dean felt pain in his back as for the second time that day, someone had barged into him. Distracted, he looked back but all he heard was someone muttering an incoherent apology and before Dean could respond, they had left. And the moment was gone too.
Two fingers touched his temple and a moment later, his face was on the ground. Dean touched his back, no hole in it. Blood wasn't tickling his mouth anymore.
"Hello Dean." The monotonous voice said.
"It's not my fault you only have rich friends." Dean said, the comment coming out snarkier than he had intended. Before she could react, Dean leaned down to plant long kiss on her cheek. "How does it feel dating a stable man?"
"My name is Castiel." Cas said, his words set in stone. And then, he was gone.
Dean's
"Oh. About that- I didn't go to Michigan."
"Look, I..I am sorry Dean-"
Speechless, Dean turned. His feet refused to plant themselves in the thick snow. He didn't know what he was doing. He couldn't take out his keys. He just wanted to walk away. He just wanted to be as far away from Cas as possible. He hoped the night to swallow him up because he didn't want to see another day.
Dean raised an eyebrow at him.
Dean had never felt so alone.
Cas gave him a confused look. "But how is he back? He literally fell off the train."
"Goodbye, Dean." Cas stepped closer to him and touched his face tenderly. Dean leaned in to it.
For two years after seventh grade, Dean had zero friends while he watched Cas get closer to Garth and the rest of his garrison. He was always surrounded with friends and whenever their eyes met as Dean was sitting alone, Cas sometimes looked like he was pitying him or hating him. Dean couldn't tell.
They've been caught talking in their science class. Again. Their teacher, Rufus Turner was usually a nice man, but Dean and Cas always seemed to test his limits.
Dean laughed. "Oh you sweet little.. no, Cas, she is not my girlfriend."
"Assisted living." Cas had said simply. Was it that easy? To just forget about your family, make it someone else's problem? Dean liked the idea of moving so far away that no one will know him. Except maybe Cas. He'd welcome Cas into his space.
"Ha! Told ya!"
"I am not that boring you know." It was a light whisper, but Dean heard it all the same. He raised his head slightly to look at his seat partner.
"Ellen." She said. "And no need to thank me kiddo. I guess you're still too weak to go to school today."
Dean walked away without a word. He gestured Metatron to take care of the other side.
Dean smiled. "Then why do you show her everything?"
"Cas." He said in a broken voice.
This one was difficult to write, since it finally establishes their endgame. I really hope I got it right. I would love to hear your thoughts on this one ♥️
"Different how?"
everything. Their joys, their sorrows. Because while his presence was a void on this earth, the feelings inside him weren't.
Dean kissed his cheek softly, making the angel blush. "No. I confess my fake feelings to my best friends all the time to fuck with them."
"I, um, I did.. I was.."
care about you a little, kiddo." Gabe winked.
"After dinner. 9 o'clock. Meet me at the park."
"Ash Chadberg. He's a freshman."
"That's ridiculous."
"Then find a Charlie."
"Bullcrap!"
"Maybe she didn't like your
"So you haven't been here since.."
She's beautiful, she's popular, she's... uh..
He got up and once again walked away, this time not turning around despite his Dad laughing and shouting words like, "I knew you were no sissy Dean", "Mary hates you", "I wish you fuckers were never born at all" and "waste of sperm" and "that's my boy."
"Look, whatever happened, I am sure you both can move on from it. Fights happen all the time. There's one thing I can tell you for sure, Dean."
Dean waited for many hours at his home waiting for his brother to return or even his father(he was so happy that he could have hugged his Dad too). He couldnt wait to see the look on Sam's face when he will get to know. Will he be happy? Will he be mad? Sam
To Dean's dismay, she heard him and hurriedly rode back to them.
"You shouldn't." Dean had hoped that Cas' jealousy spree would last longer. It brought out something in him, something new and raw. "Can we get back to the game now if the girl talk is over?"
comfortable?" Dean blurted out, looking at anywhere but Cas.
"Right in the heart."
After dinner, Sam and Eileen offered to do the dishes later, so Dean came back to sit on the couch. He had a soda in his hand, but he needed something more. Something much stronger. It was a weekday, Dean told himself. He could feel the dip in the cushion where his Dad used to sit. He heard some scuffle in the kitchen. After a while Sam joined him.
Thankfully they were able to reach at time and find the pagan. Cas held it down for as long as he could and then Dean was able to stab it just in time.
Cas' phone rang. The next moment, everything was gone.
Dean scoffed. "Of course they are! Telling me the room is
Dean nodded at him as he sat down beside him. Benny turned his head to stare at him and then looked away.
Cas let out a sigh.
"Mike." Cas said shrewdly when he entered the kitchen, Dean behind him.
"Good. At least they will know we are not perverts."
"I'm not-"
"Nah, leave it. You provide a better headrest than the couch." Dean shifted himself a little closer to Cas.
"No." Cas admitted. "Although sometimes, when humans think with too much.." Cas paused. "Too much
"Because you cared, I cared."
"I got this, Dad." Cas said as they both got up from the table.
The sun shone on his face, illuminating him as the breeze hugged him gently. Castiel was in heaven. He was at home.
"Okay, I am not gonna sugarcoat it for you,  which sucks because my boss before me, he's no Santa Claus of delivering news either. But I wanna be as straightforward with you as I can."
Eileen set down her newspaper on the table, after carefully folding it shut. "Besides we have some places to be."
"I hate to ask you for another favor Dean, seeing as how much you have done for us already," Ellen said slowly, her hand gripping Bobby's chair tighter. "But if you are free today, can you look over things at the Roadhouse? It's just the holiday rush is too hard to keep up and Metatron is obviously not up to it and Jo and Charlie are all busy and also.. if you don't want to do it that's no problem at all. Don't feel pressurised on our account."
"I don't remember the last time I was here." Cas said, observing his surroundings, his blue eyes wide, taking everything in.
hella jealous." Dean joked.
"Yes that is really-" Mick's voice came muffled from Dean's chest. Dean pulled him in even tighter, not wanting to hear him talk any more.
"No way! No fucking way!"
me what to do." Cas growled back.
, the
They are all in this!"
For the first time, Michael looked scared to look at his little brother. His eyes were fixed on the broken bottle lying on the ground. The contents of the wine was spilled everywhere, turning the floor the color of blood.
At first he didn't make any sense, he kept talking about his true happiness. Dean couldn't understand why on earth of all times, Cas had chosen their deathbed to talk about his happines.
"I missed you too." Dean said, taking Cas' come covered hand and entangling their fingers.
Dean paused for a moment.
Ellen is there, Dean bargained, to calm himself down. Sam is not alone, Ellen, Jo, Jess everyone would be there, just like they were there for Dean. "Sam you're not making any sense. Just breathe and tell me what happened exactly." He said, moving forward in the line. Just five more passengers before him.
"It's too late. Admissions are closed anyways. Got a letter two days ago. They gave my scholarship to some other ghetto kid."
If only Cas was able to give him what Benny and Lee had given him. But that wasn't possible, was it?
, he thought happily. "Can we stop talking about this sappy shit and go back to doing
"Yes." Dean said, hardly paying attention to the angel standing too close to him. His mind was still fixated on the engine. "I have to fix her."
"It's not."
"Um I w.. would love to.."
After Ellen's ex husband had died, his will had come as a shocker. He had left his bar to Ellen Harvelle. Ash had taken off to God knows where many years ago. Last Dean heard, he had gotten into drugs. His Mom had died before her husband. In a way, it did make sense for him to leave his bar to his only remaining family. Bobby was retired from his company by then, so he was grateful for an opportunity to sit idly at somewhere other than his home and make some money out of it. It also meant free drinks for Dean and someone to keep him in check if he drank too much.
That night, Cas again sneaked into Dean's room.  This time, Dean wasn't shocked. He greeted him with a kiss. They lay in  each other's arms the whole night. Everything was fine. Maybe happy endings existed after all. Even for Dean Winchester.
"Will you come visit me?"
"What's that got to do with anything?" Dean remembered the way Sam's nostrils flared the same way John's did when they got angry. He could picture Sam's dimples which were in the exact spot as their Dad. Dean doubted Sammy even knew about John's dimple. He had stopped smiling after Sam was born.
do to you, Dean." Cas grabbed his wrist and put it on his own erection. "It's what
"Okay so I'm gonna take off. Good luck with your day off. Thanks for, um, everything. See you later?"
But it felt so real. He remembered Sammy's uncontrollable sobs and him screaming his brother's name. It was too real. If that wasn't a dream, then there was only one other explanation left- he was truly dead.
illusions and reminded of where I came from.
"We are going to hell." Dean said, when they were stopped.
Perhaps Dean voiced it a little more harshly than he had intended because Cas instantly took a step back. He raised his arms to surrender and said, "Jeez take a joke, will you? He isn't dead or anything."
"That's- that's different." Dean said coolly.
"Here to see him?"
Cas examined the pavement. "I don't know, Dean. I told you my people skills are rusty."
That day, Dean came home skipping and prancing all the way.
"Bobby is going home soon, right? Bobby is going home. That's so fucking awesome." Dean said, his face still plastered in a grin.
"You sure?"
"Nah." She stretched across the bed, putting her breasts in full view. Dean almost wanted to jump back. "Fuckboys, they fuck you and leave. No attachments to them. You, guys like you are worse than them."
to you Cas."
"Because we are here for you." He answered, more to himself than to Cas.
"I can't just abandon you, Sammy. I have.. I have some money saved for your college but I can spare a little allowance from it."
"Dunno it just
he meant Lisa or Jo since they were the only two friends he had. Jo had offered to pick him up in the morning but Dean had refused. He had to make a stop before attending the last day of his school. As a result, he was late and his knees were muddy again. That could be easily hidden by the gown, as soon as he gets it.
Dean sat up. "Cas!" Without realising what he was doing, he pulled his friend in to a hug. A really tight one. His blankets rose up with his arms, forming a wall between them, protecting Cas from his wounds. For the first time since that night, Dean felt safe.
"Yeah yeah
"I'm saying that I want you to change your priorities. You can't have- colleges are tough, alright? Listening to my sob stories all day ain't gonna help you get through it."
Dean. This was the last day, all beefs were supposed to be forgotten. Will Cas give Dean the reason to breathe again as they were suffocating in the wave of blue?
"What did he want?" Cas' voice was so soft that Dean almost missed it.
"It's just that your home was in the opposite direction and I know Sam is there too, so I wasn't sure if you wanted to see him in the state you were in."
"It's the first time I have seen you here." A blonde girl asked him seductively. She was dressed in a red blouse with a very short denim skirt and high pumps.
going to hunt a monster and that a wingman does
Sam kicked him under the table. Dean proceeded to kick him back. It wasn't very mature of them, but Dean didn't care. This was one of the mornings he actually was in a happy mood, with the events of last evening still fresh in his mind.
to you!"
"Oh yeah? Where is that?"
Dean rolled his eyes. "You're both tens. But don't tell her I said that though. Her head is already as big as it is."
"You are not.." Dean's whole body was vibrating with Castiel's hand moving so fast. He bit his lip to keep himself from moaning again. "
"Yeah I was hired, not by Jo, by a bunch of people working under her. So I hadn't met her until then. I was totally nervous since first day and all, you know and I had heard that the boss doesn't take shit from anyone. Although now that I think about it, they only called her uptight and strict and whatever was because she's a woman." Dean nodded sympathetically. "So like I am waiting in my new office, not too big but not too small either and I love it and someone pages me that the boss is on her way to introduce me to the company and whatnot so I'm pacing in my office, which then started seeming very small, and then I see through my glass walls that this woman in a suit and pumps with blonde hair flowing about her is walking towards me and I know that I have pit stains now. I was expecting her to be older. I am not boring you, am I?"
It was just a temporary thing, Dean tried to convince himself. He and Cas did spend a lot of time with each other on the road and Dean often went days without seeing any human other than Sam or Cas. This was obviously messing up Dean's mind  There was no way he was
Dean rolled his eyes. "And because I am in love with you too."
"I know, Dean-"
"You're sitting at the wrong grave." The voice was so low in the strong winds that Dean was sure a ghost had spoken. He jumped up, losing his balance in the process and landed on his side. "Jesus fucking Christ!"
"I came because you called Dean. I come everytime you call." Of course he would ignore everything else Dean had said. Dean had practically confessed to him about his feelings and Cas completely ignored that.
"Yeah why?"
"I don't know."
Dean got home and immediately started cleaning his room. He didn't know why he was doing it. Cas was here all the time and he left it even more messy than it was when he came. Cas was also a dumbass. Benny, on the other hand, Dean always had this weird urge to impress him. The deep voice, the careless attitude, the smooth talks, he was what people would call a badass.
"I don't have a Mom. Only Dad. He is busy in the morning and he sometimes forgets to pack our lunches. Or gives only one sandwich and we have to remain hungry whole day. Or he sometimes forgets to put mustard and then it's so hard to chew. Today ours was perfect, this is why Michael wanted more, and this is why became after me."
Dean's hand clenched into a fist, sweating profusely. Fuck Cas and fuck his choice in friends. He never learns, does he?
Dean couldn't tell if he was joking. "Why does she stay over sometimes then? Her parents allow it?"
, not me."
"Why do you miss it then?"
Jo scoffed. "
"I know babe. I know. And I wish there was some way I could take away your pain. And I can! Some parts of it, at least. But you have to let me. You have to stop pushing me out."
as I should have been."
Ellen clapped her hands on her mouth. Tears threatened to leak out of her eyes. "S-stroke? But he was doing just fine."
The next moment, Dean was past the gate, the eyes ingrained in his brain. He remembered the times when they used to be filled with warmth and affection for Dean. How he used to stare at them for hours and never get bored. How they used to feel like home.
Dean remained quiet for a moment in shock. "Your Mom didn't like you?"
"Let's just agree to disagree then. Again, may I ask, where
"Your half-"
His dick was clean. He wasn't sore anywhere. He brought his head out and took a look around the room. No clothes were thrown across the bed or the floor. The bedsheet wasn't as ruffled as he liked it to be. He didn't have sex with Cas, or anyone last night, Dean thought thankfully.
The big guy's face flushed red with anger and Dean closed his eyes, bracing himself for a punch, but it never came. Instead he felt a hard push on his back and when he turned around, he saw the little boy staring at him in anger. He was as red as the big boy. Dean saw that his lunch had fallen to the ground, two sandwiches lying on the ground, the mustard smell filling up the whole courtyard. Other students had gathered around, trying to see what all the commotion was about.
Castiel's face lit up. "I want to see him."
"I am impressed by the way you managed to simultaneously insult and compliment me. Gonna have to take a few lessons from you."
"Are ya idgits done roaring in my ears or can I get some sleep?" Bobby's voice made them all jump.
"For what?"
"What the hell are you sorry for? It's not your fault you didn't feel for me what I felt for you."
As he approached them, he saw that the boy was tiny. Tinier than Dean. He wondered if he had seen him in his class, but he wasn't sure. There were so many boys and girls in his class that it was hard to know one from another. The boy looked so weak, so fragile as he was hugging his lunchbag to his chest and tears were decorating his face like little beads. The biggest one in the group was laughing and trying to pry the lunchbag from the boy's hands.
He didn't want to screw it up. But his mind was tensed. Lisa's words were swimming around in it. Dad had told him yesterday that this car was going to be good money and he had promised that he would get it repaired by tomorrow. Dean grabbed a wire inside the plier and twisted, trying to remove the kink in it.
Cas' breath stopped coming out as angry puffs. "I am just sorry for- for everything."
of his could be cured, Dean was gonna take it. It had already ruined too many lives, and if Dean wasn't careful with his inflictions, it will end up ruining ruin Cas' too.
"Sammy shut up!" Dean spat out.
. Dean came with a shout.
Dean gave her a cheerful thumbs up. "If only I had
Sam scoffed. "You're still defending Dad after all these years?"
"It doesn't matter anymore, Dad. Mom's dead and she's gonna stay dead." Dean was losing his cool by now. "That's what you told me, remember? I was six and you fucking told me straight up that my mom was dead!"
"That can't be-" And then it struck Dean. What really had happened that day? All he recalled was sitting on the bed, with a crying Cas in his arms and then they were kissing and Dean was rushing out, packing his bags in a hurry. Who had closed the distance? Had he bent down or had Cas had crouched up?
. But Cas was not. He had Bobby's throat tube in his one hand, while he rubbed his chest with the other.
"The tall one. Michael. He's in fifth grade and he sometimes try to snatch my lunch from me."
"So?"
"No you don't."
"Good." The words were barely out of her before she started snoring. Dean watched her for a few minutes and then came out of the room. He locked the door so that no one would disturb her. He'll come later to check on her. Right now, he needed to pee.
"But Mrs. Harvelle- Ellen, we should.."
? With your fancy job and your pretty little girlfriend and big ass house while your old brother is stuck at this dingy town working a low grade job?"
Dean crossed his arms. "What stupid stuff?"
Dean closed the door behind him and approached Cas.
"You must get that. Since you are obviously here." Dean could've imagined it but there was a hint of coldness in Cas' voice. None of the warmth of the forgiveness he had shown him at John's grave. It was stupid of Dean to expect Cas to talk to him like nothing has happened. After Cas had tried to call back Dean that day, he rejected the call. Cas even sent a multitude of texts after that, asking him if he was okay or needed anything. Dean had ignored all of them. He had refused to be sucked into the abyss that was Castiel Novak. Everytime he did, he had ended up a broken man. He didn't need that anymore in his life. There was no way Dean could ever expect him to understand that. Cas didn't have to go through the pain of falling for someone who would never want him back.
"I told you already-"
Cas halted his speech, waiting for Ellen to take in his words. She nodded, silently urging him to go on.
"Okay." Sam said. Sam fell asleep a few minutes later. As tired as Dean was, every time he closed his eyes, all he could see was the hatred in his father's eyes. He stared at the ceiling the whole night.
"So you just leave him there?" Dean asked incredulously.
"My bedroom. My shower. The kitchen counter. Back of my car."
There was Charlie in the corner, talking up some girl. Kevin was playing pool with Jo who was beating him easily. She looked up and waved at Dean. There was old Ash slouched on the table, muttering something incoherent. Rufus was playing poker with a few other hunters whom Dean recognized. They were all
"What do you mean?"
"I am serious Gabe."
Cas chugged half his drink down before answering. "Yeah. It was..
He should just satisfy himself with his hand and his mind.
"That's not true.." Cas' words were cut off as Dean pulled him close to kiss him. He sucked on his lips hopelessly.
"We will work it out." Dean said, his hands encompassing Cas' face. "We will take it slow, get to know each other again."
"I thought we agreed-" He let out a moan as his hand gained pace. "That I was prettier."
"Hurts, doesn't it? But you should listen, like you have made me listen since years! Everytime your Dad talks about you, he gets miserable. Ever seen hope burn out of a grown man's eyes?
"I am happy to see you, Dean." Ellen said, putting a hand on his shoulder.
"Mr. Novak-" Dean stopped. His voice was becoming thick, his throat choking. He suddenly didn't want to be here. He wanted to run away, away from Chuck's kind eyes and Cas' cold demeanour and Anna's gentle smile.
atrocity
Cas shrugged. "We will see."
Everyone kept appreciating what an amazing cook Mick was.
The dusk reminded Dean of the last time he was outside his house, bleeding and running with his brother behind him. He felt more hopeless than ever before.
taught you? Gosh."
been damned once, and he will take that over trusting his baby into another man's hands any day.
Sam flinched at the bitterness in Dean's voice, but he kept a cool tone while asking, "What was I supposed to do?"
"Why did you say Doctor Sexy?" Jo asked.
Jo punched him when she saw they were neighbors again. Bobby and Ellen asked them multiple times to move back into their home.
Cas looked at Dean slowly, his eyes narrowed. "No."
"I know." He dropped his voice and looked around. "Lafitte bored me to death."
Dean didn't jump at the cool voice. He didn't have the energy for it. "Hallucinations."
"All this talk of shit while he's eating." Ellen tutted, forcing another spoon into her husband's mouth.
. You came to me, everytime. It was you, all you.
am homophobic?"
Gabe laughed. "Good god you are as bad as Cas at taking a joke."
"Probably. Gonna make a stop at home first. Get a change of clothes & out of your brother's."
"I said
"How's your Dad?"
"You should teach me too." Eileen said excitedly. "I have asked Sam a million times now but he says there is some secret recipe to it."
"I don't want you to."
Maybe this was futile. Maybe Cas was like Jack now, too celestial to involve with humans. Or maybe he had simply stopped caring about Dean. Because if he had indeed been back all this time, why didn't he come down to earth to visit them? That doesn't sound like Cas.
"If you don't feel anything for me, how can you be distracted by me?"
Lisa started telling him all about her trip. Dean listened to her, trying not to be jealous of his girlfriend having a summer home. Or his girlfriend having a family to visit the said home with.
"Only you do, Dean." Cas stared at him. Both of them were aware of the proximity between them, but neither of them tried to move away. The closeness was comfortable. "No one else does. Only
Dean grinned. "As if I'd come to
Cas' expression didn't change. "Oh. And Jack?"
The graveyard became quiet when everyone left, just like the countless mornings Dean had spent there. It was ironic how he had started considering this place an almost home and now both his parents were there.
Dean mentally high fived himself. Finally something was working. He whipped open his laptop to check for available tables tonight.
"We are hoping to go see him tomorrow." Eileen said.
"Cas I need to say something-"
"That dingy kid in ninth grade?" Dean sat down too.
"Why was Dad so mad?" He asked anyway.
"And she left us."
"With me." The words were said so simply like they were the most obvious thing in the world. Like the answer had been there all along. Dean belonged with Cas.
have?"
Dean sighed. "It's
"Where you off too?" Dean stopped on his way to the door. He saw his brother lying lazily on the couch, reading a newspaper.
Dean searched his whole house but no sign of Sammy. The fucker must be with Jess. He knew they were dating, although he couldn't tell for sure. Sammy always wrinkled his nose whenever Dean asked him about it.
"Dean they're the government. Putting a child in a foster care or group homes require more paperwork than putting them up with a relative or in this case, a sibling."
Dean took her other hand in his own and gently shook her. "Mom, wake up."
shut it out once and for all.
"What?" Lisa asked, surprised. She was probably not expecting Dean to accept it.
"It's already 9 am." Cas said in a bired voice, all sexiness gone. "And we still have two hours of drive to do."
"Says the one who could never shut up."
"Ben, for fucks sake!" Dean said louder than he had intended. A few people paused to look at them. "What did you just say about my Dad?"
"Yes." Dean blurted, trying it very hard to focus.
"I'm just kidding Dean." Sam said. "I'm gonna visit you. I am-" He paused for a moment to peek inside the house. "Don't say this to Eileen cause I am planning to keep it a surprise but I am.. expecting a promotion next month. That will get me more vacation days. So I might be able to come here more."
"I would like to do that with you every day."
Benny flinched at his words. "I.. I don't know."
"But I do." Dean smiled at him.
"Too soon." Dean couldn't keep the smile out of his face. "Plus it was closed casket."
Cas looked at him shrewdly. "What? You hand me a drink and I unload my life on you?"
"You're drunk." Jo whispered fiercely to him in the hallway.
Ignoring him, Cas hurried away from Dean. Dean wondered if he was going to bolt out of the door before the guy came in. The door creaked open as a short guy dressed up in a crisp, black suit stepped in. His eyes were twinkling with a light shade of blue and he had the hint of a stubble on his face. The way Cas rushed to him didn't look like he owed the guy any money. There was something about the way they were hugging and holding each other and- Dean's jaw dropped. Cas had just kissed him. Cas had just kissed a
Dean threw up his hands. "Guilty." It was a usual thing for them. Dean's old science teacher, Rufus Turner usually showed up once in a week or a month with a flat tire or a burnt out engine. Dean had even asked him to stop paying, but the old man had refused. Something about his pride being hurt.
"This was wrong..so wrong. I promise this won't happen again."
"Dean, the baby.. your brother-
"Ow! What was that for?" Sam asked, rubbing his head.
"Wait I have some." Dean bent down to extract the small tube of lube he always kept in his pocket.
"Yeah? Well we are humans, what did you expect? All our souls are corrupted, okay?"
"Don't
The line was long so he decided to hang back. He'll join them when it gets short. The announcement kept ringing above them every few minutes. Dean's phone rang again. Exasperated, he rejected it. His heart was beating so loudly that he wasn't sure he would be able to hear anyone's voice over that.
"First, she has a name. It's Baby. And she's only the love of my life."
"I'm not.. of course I do. I li.. you mean a lot to me, Lisa. You always will. But this, us, we ain't gonna work out anymore. Its not you."
"No one asked."
Cas laughed at Dean's sudden change in tone but he obliged. Their lips met again as the angel's hand found Dean's rhythm. Dean prayed for Sam and Jack's hunt to last longer. Because he and Cas had a lot of catching up to do. And it was going to make them more tired than any hunt ever has.
. Him and his boyfriend." It physically pained Dean to say those words.
"Also," Cas said, somber again. He lowered his eyes minutely and Dean suddenly felt self conscious about his body. "About that night.."
Of course Mick was perfect for Cas. Dean was undereducated, dirty, rough unlike sweet, sophisticated Mick.
"Cool." The touch was gone.
"Sit your sombre ass down and take a breather. This isn't an army dom."
"What happens when Sammy actually falls down those stairs and break an arm? Who will sign his discharge papers at the hospital? They require a parent or a guardian to do it. Or.. or when Cas runs his mouth too much in the class, dragging me down for it and they ask for a parent? Or, I don't know, the fact that we are basically freeloaders here?"
, it was more than he had ever expected.
"You can't picture me though. That will be weird."
Dean soon discovered that drinking was actually fun. It might have ruined Dean and Sam's whole lives and killed their father, but what was the harm in a few shots once in a while? The good thing about dingy old bars was that they didn't care about any ID. Besides he was actually liked at The Roadhouse. Ellen wouldn't be very happy about her ex husband serving an eighteen year old drinks but what she doesn't know can't harm her. The bartenders and the regulars offered him condolences and a free beer the first time Dean was there. They all knew John very well. According to their stories, John Winchester was a riot amongst his friends. He was always joking around with them. He just didn't think it was necessary to bring that smile home to his sons.
"I am sorry." The intensity of Cas' gaze was so strong that Dean's feeble green was no match for it. He looked down to where his and Cas' feet rested within inches from each other. "For everything." Dean flinched at the current that passed through him when Cas' hand touched his cheek. "I just want you to know that."
Dean cursed himself. Women were easy, they were always ready to give himself to Dean as soon as he started flirting with them. But men, Dean was always too incoherent around men.
His best friend came to join him at the next stop, followed by his brothers and sister. Dean beamed at him. They had met all summer, almost every day, and yet Dean never got tired of him. He was the only thing he looked forward to during the holidays and the only thing he looks forward to during school.
"What?"
There was a sharp pain in his lower leg as Sammy kicked him. Dean kicked him back. They both winced together. Sammy gave him another look filled with daggers.
He sounded out of breath, flushed. When Cas flew into his room, he saw that Dean was sitting on his bed, his back against him, his body moving in a constant rhythm. There was an air of arousal around him. Cas froze. He suddenly understood what Dean was doing. He felt embarrassed. He had definitely misheard the hunter and was now spying on his most private moments.
Cas smirked. "A lot more."
"A fag."
Mary laughed at him, but Dean made a face. He already hated his baby brother.
"I prayed to him, no, I
"What?" Benny glanced at him sideways. "You gonna wait for me? Stop putting it out for other men?"
"Then
"We should..we should go back. To.. to our own home."
Cas didn't laugh with him. "
"I am sorry."
A prayer to the man he loves.
"I am in love with you, okay? Since a long time. And the way you touch me, you do it as a friend. As a brother maybe. But to me, those touches are different. They mean something else entirely. And that's not fair to you."
The pain made Dean jerk back to reality, shattering everything around him. He immediately pulled back and dared himself to look at Cas. He didn't look mad. He looked shocked, maybe even
"The past is in the past, Dean. He is dead. I am happy to serve my country yada yada. Let it go."
Cas turned a light shade of red. "Sometimes we do, Dean." He loosened his tie even more, exposing his collarbone.
Dean nodded. "Me too, Ellen." He looked around. "I don't see Mom or Dad."
"I thought you forgot me."  Dean said, the milk bottle still in his hand.
"Yup. While simultaneously crying about it."
"I didn't come back here for her." Cas said, vexed. "I came here for our Dad. He needs us."
"Okay it's only 11." Dean said looking at his watch. "There's still time for one more."
. There was no other word for it. The little fucker still had a way of crawling inside Dean's skin, even after all these years.
"Look I know that.." Sam cleared his throat, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down. "I know that I haven't been the best brother to you. And I haven't been as much -
It was the same story everyday. In summertime, Dean usually woke up around 11 am and if he felt like it or Sammy was too hungry, he cooked something up for the both of them. The only proper meal they had was lunch, because Dean knew how to cook. He had taught himself over the years. He wasn't very good at it, but it was what it was.
"Hey, hey, he's safe now. You gotta make sure you're safe too, right? For him? You gotta take care of you for him."
"Do you ghost all your little sisters when you feel like it?"
When they were leaving, Bobby pulled him aside for some "man to man" talk, which surprised Dean because the old man was mostly closed off. Sure he cared about Sam and Dean in his own way, but unlike Ellen, he didn't always show it.
"Novak is better than all of you."
Dean gave him a sweet mocking smile, and Cas went back to his book, looking annoyed. Dean high fived himself. He wasn't going to let the angel off so easy. He shifted himself towards him and peeked over his shoulder to look into the book. "Watcha readin' there?"
"Mick's gone to take care of some personal business."
"Good." Dean kept his phone down. Maybe Cas had no self respect, but he must have a limit to his patience. And Dean didn't want to test that tonight. "Um," Dean opened his mouth, unsure of what to say. All the questions he had thought about asking Cas before disappeared from his mind. But he didn't want him to walk away. He wanted him to stay and talk to Dean. Like they were old best friends and not someone who hated each other. Well, Dean was pretty sure it was Cas who hated him.
her."
big belly in which the little brat was sleeping. His Mom was always fussing over him even though he wasn't even born yet. He was pretty sure she will forget Dean after the baby comes into this world.
An hour later, Dean and John were on his mother's bedside. She was sleeping peacefully. His Dad was holding her hand, crying his eyes out. Dean didn't know what was happening. He had seem his Mom sleep before, but this was different. She wasn't moving. She wasn't breathing. His brother was lying in a crib on the other side of the room, sleeping softly.
"You expect me to believe you never glanced into my mind to see thoughts about you, never heard my heart skip a beat for you, never felt my pulse rise up every time I look at you?" Dean whispered, taking a step towards the angel. In the moonlight, his blue eyes were shining like the pearls in a dark ocean. He was beautiful.
"I opened the family wound, not them."
Dean was tired. All he wanted to do was to go home and sleep. He knew he didn't owe Cas one fucking thing. He was a grown man, he could handle himself. Dean should call an Uber and leave. With a sigh, he sat down on the sidewalk, beside Cas. A memory flashed inside his head, from eons ago, where they both were sat the same way and Dean was trying to console Cas after their failed attempt at buying porn magazines. He wished they could go back. Bury their problems with a laugh. Hold hands and forget everyone else.
Dean stopped. "What? No."
"We were just playing, Dad. I promise he won't say anything like that again."
can't feel her. His earlier visits used to be a duty, and now they were his medicine. Something had changed in the past few years.
"Come in."
"Sorry my ass." She stormed off to her friends.
"It is my job as a responsible big brother to give advice to my little brother's friends." Gabe stepped inside the room.
"Isn't the answer obvious already? He's the perfect boyfriend, the kindest, the sweetest, he knows how to cook, is a good doctor, rich as fuck. He is always there for me too. He ticks off the list pretty well."
He was still his Dad and Dean
John let Dean go when he had stopped crying after a while and came back to sit at Mary's side. The baby was still crying.
Dean looked at the endless fields stretch beyond him and the sun shining above. But he still drove.
Dean had never seen the atmosphere so quiet in the presence of Castiel Novak. The only sounds on the dinner table was the clattering of forks and spoons against the plates and Mr. Novak's loud chewing. He was happily chewing on his drumstick, not noticing his son in a grumpy mood. Anna was playing with her food and Sammy was fuming silently. Dean had asked him to pack his clothes just before dinner.
"Dean I didn't know that." Cas said slowly, wrapping his fingers around Dean's arm.
"I can't-"
"Admit it, Dean. I see the way you look at Novak."
"He's not dead yet. Just in recovery."
"Dad, I can explain."
He didn't even know he was
"Hey, buddy. You are here."
"He is. Just speaks too much for his own good. Come on." Dean said, leading Benny towards his room.
The summer after their "kiss", Cas had stopped talking altogether. Dean often wondered if he told anyone about that. Considering the fact that Dean was considered a ladies man in school, Cas  most probably didn't.
Fuck feelings. Another round won't hurt.
Gabe gave him a head tilt resembling his brother's, but not filled with the innocent confusion, rather a devilish smug. "What's bothering you?"
It was going to be a long class.
"Dad coming down and whooping me in the head."
And the worst he felt was Dean.
"Yeah I believe it." Dean entertained him. "At least he didn't knock up a girl, right?"
He loved Lisa. But in times like these, all she did was infuriate him. Her constant badgering about him working so much, spending very less and trying to take care of his family pissed him off to no end. It wasn't exactly her fault. They were just born and raised differently.
"I am sorry." He said, tears forming in his eyes. "I never meant to make you uncomfortable."
"And when will this friend be back? Because I can think of some other places I want you to be." The girl said, batting her eyes. Dean could see her laced bra peaking out of her top. He was afraid that soon, money won't be the only thing his pant would be bulging from.
"I don't need to, Dean. You are too easy. You start blushing red even when I stand to close to you. If I had started..
The wall behind him opened up, revealing a black goo.
"What for?"
"All of it actually."
"It's nothing really. It's as much Sam's house as mine. And yours, by proxy."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Cas." Chuck said softly.
He was at the finish line. One step away. Just one step away.
"I can't lose him too." Jo said, her voice coming out in the form of a wisp. Her hand was wrapped tightly around her girlfriend's, holding on for life. "A-after-" She broke down in sobs again. Dean realized she understood the dread as much as him. Her real father, who was Ellen's ex-husband, had died two years back. Jo wasn't particularly close to him, but losing him had been tough on her. She never said anything to Dean, just shut herself off completely. She had immersed herself in her work for a while, spending long hours at her office, even on weekends. Dean didn't want to see her like that for a second time. He couldn't bear to.
can stay here. I will pick him up tomorrow."
"Oh." Dean said, disappointed. "I was expecting you to be kinda sober for this conversation. Or both of us to be drunk."
"I hate you." Dean said, lunging forward to grab Cas and kiss him again. They weren't going home tonight.
"I will..I will do that myself." Dean said, annoyed. They weren't friends. They never had been. She should stop acting like one just out of pity.
He knew that the little brat was doing this to rile him up. Usually Dean would've landed a punch on anyone who call his car
One look at Cas' blue eyes wide with pleading and anticipation, and Dean was in. "No rabbit food though."
"Mom!" Dean ran into the kitchen to see his Mom trying to bend over to pick up something from the floor.
dorks."
Dean cursed loudly and started his car, refusing to even look at Castiel. This was supposed to be an important case and the little bastard had left him with a hard-on. This wasn't new for Dean. Cas liked teasing him like this at the most inappropriate of places. Squeezing his ass when passing behind him while Jack and Sammy were in the same room; tangling their foots under the dinner table; brushing his hand against his crotch while having a meeting with other hunters. Truth was that, Cas was always needy for sex, needier than Dean and that was saying something. He was the biggest tease ever and Dean let him get away with it,
Benny smiled and planted a kiss on Dean's nose. "I know."
"I'm just being realistic kid."
Cas smiled, his fingers drawing little circles in the sheet. "No you just bragged about hosting the party to us."
"You're not making any sense."
"I wish. My folks got me registered in a military school. America's calling me yayy!" Dean didn't miss the sarcasm dripping from Benny's voice in the last sentence.
"We both know which one you prefer." The angel's hand was again on Dean's front but this time it was not gentle. It was harsh, the way Dean liked it.
"What was he doing here?"
"I want you, Dean." Cas said firmly. "Only you."
Dean zipped up his pants after cleaning himself. He was glad didn't last long today. He had so much work to do. He owed Sammy an explanation as to why he had run off like that. He had yet to wash the blood of the hunt off him.
Dean could hear the uni director talking on phone.
"Oh you missed him by minutes."
Dean raised an eyebrow. "I don't get it."
- everywhere he went, he heard the same thing. Gym, locker room, chemistry class, english class, there was no end to it. He didn't exactly blame them. The girls in his class were growing up. He saw that their shirts were getting tighter, their skirts becoming shorter.
. Full on the mouth.
As Dean smelled the familiar scent of his house - booze and despair - he couldn't help but have one thing nag at the back of his mind - his Dad claimed to forgive him but he never once apologized for beating up his son and was ready to do it all again. There was no remorse in John Winchester's eyes.
"I don't wanna put you through all that trouble."
The silence that followed was pronounceable. For the first time, Dean had seen the Novak family so quiet.
"Can you tone it down? He has been dead all of one day."
"Pretending? You didn't actually hate me?"
"We are constantly at risk of contracting deadly infections."
"Sounds like El. But she can't leave her job, right? Someone's gonna have to earn, pay all those bills."
"It's not good, Jo. They will ship me and Sam off to God knows what kind of foster homes or group homes. And they will...just
Those words were enough to rile Cas up because the next moment, he was sitting beside Dean, his legs crossed before him, their shoulders and thighs touching each other. He looked directly at Dean. "You were right, this is more comfortable."
He could go to Benny, but he didn't wanna take away the little time he had left with his family. Who else was there?
"Mr. Novak."
Dean made a gagging noise. "Don't ever use that term after making out with someone."
He didn't even save Dean of his own accord, he only did it because he was on his father's orders. So yeah, the angel in the dodgy trenchcoat
"Dad didn't say a thing. Didn't want to betray you. Claire told me you're her boss."
"Can you stop apologizing for a damn second?" Dean said, keeping his burger down. "I don't wanna get into that because it involves gloomy details which doesn't exactly make for lunch conversations."
Ash snorted. "That's what they all say at first." He walked over to Dean, his feet swaying. He was struggling to keep himself upright. Dean had seen that type of walk before. He knew it all too well.  "Listen, kiddo, I've seen one too many boys like you, trying to earn girls' trust, and then creeping your way in."
"You think.. you think this is because I am
Dean scoffed. "You're telling me."
Dean nodded. "Hope he's doing well. Been some time since I saw him last. He said he was sick and therefore couldn't meet me when I called him a week ago."
"It's okay, Cas. I am not in a mood for a one nighter right now."
"Nope."
"Of course not." Jo rolled her eyes, wrapping  her arms around him again, this time a lot more gently.
"Maybe I
He always thought his little gestures would go unnoticed. The different excuses Dean used to touch Cas because there was no other way he could feel his angel.
"What did he do, Dean?" Cas whispered.
"We?"
"He always had too much heart, didn't he?" Sam said.
"It was
"You don't have to say it. I heard your prayer." The kindness in the angel's eyes hadn't faded away, even after everything Dean put him through. They were still as innocent as a baby's.
"Good then." Jo said fiercely.
Gabe sighed. "We'll get to it when the time comes. You are twelve, you shouldn't be worrying about fucking DCFS at this age. We will take care of it, I promise. And look," He continued when Dean looked unconvinced. "I have a lot of friends who live in shitty homes with shitty parents. And I know you don't believe it, but I
Sam eyed them suspiciously, and then leaned towards Dean. "Are you sure he's not a demon or a shapeshifter?"
Mr. Novak smiled at the kids. "At least someone humours her imagination." He said to Dean.
"And you want me to watch it with you?"
"And with scholarship?"
"Are you sure it doesn't hurt, Dean? Because I got carried away sometimes and then I just want to claim you, to make you mine and you're so gentle with me-"
Dean was glad he decided to go to the coffee shop near the hospital first to buy himself something to drink, because he found Cas standing there, one hand in his lab coat and scrolling through his phone with the other while waiting for his order. The small place was crowded as always, and there were no empty seats.
And there it was. Sam's eyes shining with pleading and his lips drooping down, it was a face Dean could never deny when it asked for a second ice cream. "Alright." Dean relented. "I would try to be less of an asshole to you. And we will talk, um, talk properly to each other without any formal bullshit. Sounds good?"
"Hey Jess." She and Sam had been friends since first grade.
. "Why didn't you see that, you idiot?" Their feet were closer now, even though none of them had moved. Dean's arms lifted, reaching, arriving on Cas' cheeks. His knuckles ran up and down the soft skin, testing, questioning. "Who don't you see that?"
"Didn't take you for someone who's saving herself for that
to face again. But it was there all the same, buying me coffee, prying into my life, laughing with me, trying to be my friend. You just.. you are so.." Cas shook his head violently as he struggled with words. "You abandon me whenever you feel like it and then you come back with those witchy eyes and the starry freckles and you think that everything will be forgiven."
"Just go." He practically begged. There was nothing Benny could say that would make it better. He was only gonna make John more mad.
"But you know what, Dean? If you wanna sell yourself off to them, that's okay. In fact, if
The boy gave a small shrug. "It fell."
He pushes him away. He has to get him out of the way.
Dean held Ellen by her shoulders and spoke softly, "You can't stay here, Ellen. You need rest."
"Ash." Dean said quietly.
"Whatever
In that moment, Dean realized three things - his mother was gone and wasn't gonna return; there was a stranger inside his father who didn't care if his own children were in pain; and that no matter what he had told himself before, Dean did love his little brother.
Cas was about to be tied with the love of his life forever in two days (Dean was assuming that is when Mick will propose) and Dean was ready to let him go, for good this time. But not before he got some answers.
Cas sighed. He loved Dean. He truly did. But sometimes he wished Dean would exceed expectations, rather than surprise him by fulfilling them. Like whenever Cas reached out for Dean's lips in public, he pulled away so fast, looking around him to see if anyone noticed. He tried to appease Cas by holding his hand. In those times, Cas convinced himself that he should be grateful for this. For even this.
"Whatever."
" Dean wanted to laugh everytime he looked at it. John Winchester was anything but proud of his sons.
There was an awkward silence between them, the air filled with old memories of hurt and discomfort.
Cas stood up. "What did you do?"
"I don't know, the way you were building this up made it feel like Chuck had committed a crime or something."
everytime he forbade him to do something.
"Yeah, that's what they told me."
"Nah I'm good." Rufus said, waving him down. "I've got senior citizens immunity. Just gonna tell them my back gave out this morning. Yesterday I told them it was my cervical acting up. Last week I even got away on a mini heart attack."
Dean nodded weakly. "Yes sir."
"I would prefer if Sammy took care of the shop in my absence. It takes a real man to handle cars."
"Ellen!" Under normal circumstances, Dean would've thrown salt and holy water at her first or stabbed her with a silver knife. Because in his world, Ellen was dead. But for some reason, he didn't think about doing any of that. He straight up walked over to her and hugged her. Harder than he has ever hugged his own mother. So, he
"Hey hey, take it easy, babe." Dean said hurriedly, when her hands started reaching inside his pants.
"That I won't stop staring at the ripped dudes."
"Okay good. So it's just me now standing in my office, waiting for madame boss to close the distance between us and her heels are clicking and then she's almost near the door, and right there our eyes meet."
"Give me a break, Jo." Dean whined. "I have been taking shit from Sammy since Dad died, not to mention the little passive aggressive act he has been throwing since years now."
"What about it?" John asked, refusing to remove his eyes from his wife.
your family."
"Can't sleep." Sam said quietly from under the covers.
' and then left the room."
"You laughed? Don't tell me it was right in front of her?"
" She was panicking now. "We need to clean it up. Otherwise you will get it infected."
The hatred running in Dean's veins was now directed towards Cas instead of himself. He had always known there was something wrong with him. He knew he wasn't supposed to feel this way for boys. He knew he was damaged. But to have Cas, the one person whose opinions Dean respected the most in world, confirm his worst suspicions about himself, broke Dean.
"Yeah but it will be worth it."
"Fuck you." Dean said, stepping closer to Cas.
"Yes. You got something against nerds?"
"What if your old Dad needs your help?"
Dean found himself lost in the crowd as students rushed back and forth in the hallway. A few stopped to wave at him and some girls changed their walk as soon as they noticed his eyes on him. He gave them a flirtatious smile. This wasn't new. He was used to the attention girls gave him. Puberty had managed to hit him like a
"It's okay, Dean. I heard your prayer."
"So soon?" The woman smiled at him. Dean, for the life of him, couldn't remember her name. He had met her hours ago at a bar. "Men usually wait until I am asleep to leave."
A sharp bump against his left shoulder yanked him back from his thoughts. He heard click of high heels walking in the opposite direction, standing out against the hundreds of footsteps in the hall.
Anna and Gabriel, who were both staying at the house temporarily, came downstairs soon. Dean was used to seeing them from time to time in the city, when they visited their Dad. Anna had grown up as beautifully as Castiel. Gabriel had invited Dean to his wedding seven months ago in Hawaii, but Dean had refused, saying he was too drowned in work. He had known who else was gonna be there and he had promised himself not to open those doors again.
"Really? You don't think that it was stupid or self sacrificing or anything?"
, Dean thought bitterly.
"I don't want to impose." Dean muttered, feeling like crying. He was tired.
The boy shrugged. "But I am."
family. He didn't knew what jealousy was, but he was certainly feeling it.
Eileen nudged an elbow in Sam's ribs, embarassed. Gabe laughed good naturedly. "And you must be Eileen." He offered her a hand. "I am Gabriel and this dainty lass is Rowena, my wife."
"I am just curious."
Dean sat in silence as the bartender filled his glass. Around him, people were chattering with each other while loud music played in the background. It was some irritating new generation artist. He saw a few people making out in the corners and almost retched. Just looking at couples made him sick.
"Yep, here. The, um,
"Fair. Its not personal though. I don't even let my brother touch it."
and looks up, tears swimming in his eyes. Cas wonders why was he behaving like this.
Cas kept looking at him for a few moments, which made Dean really uncomfortable. After a while, Cas brought one of his legs up on the bed and laid back, just like Dean.
"Mom, wake up! Wake up!" Dean was screaming now. She had promised him that she wasn't going anywhere. Cas had told him that she will not leave. Then why wouldn't she come back to him? She has to make pies and cookies like she promised. She had
Dean's mouth almost opened in surprise when his  at Dad smiled at his younger son. It was a smile,
"Will you visit your family when you grow up?"
Mick looked up. He looked like he was analysing Dean. "Dean. What are you doing here?"
"Why did you just do that?" Dean asked, still not completely registering what had just happened.
"I am sorry." Benny said sincerely.
"We had a deal!"
"Siblings." Dean sighed back.
yet. "Our job is to keep him alive.
"Yeah this is why
"My sister's like that too. I mean my foster sister, Alex. Never tells me a damn thing. And Jody expects us to braid each other's hair."
Dean buried his head back into his arms and started crying again.
Neither of them had the insane amount of hunger their classmates felt. Dean sometimes wondered if there was something wrong with him and his best friend. Why aren't they going after girls?
"You two are related?" Dean said, feeling stupid. How could he have missed the blue eyes, the red flare in the cheeks, the dimples? It was right there in front of him and he never understood.
"Of how we met?" Charlie's whole face lit up. "Okay so this is gonna be a bit cliché. Like I was hired by her firm as the IT manager and-"
Lisa came with her whole family and hugged Dean tightly as soon as she arrived. She hugged him for a long time and Dean found himself wanting to not let go. A lot of people from school were there, including Meg and Garth, both of them who offered Dean their condolences.
"No." Sam said while pulling two bottles of soda out of the fridge. He tossed one at Dean and they silently removed the lid and took a sip. "Maybe stop creeping into rooms."
"With what money?"
"Recovering."
The rays of the morning sun peeking through the grey clouds was a perfect addition to the cemetery's already haunting look. On the grass draped with the wetness of morning dew, sat Dean Winchester, unfazed and unbothered by the ghosts surrounding him. He had seen the cemetery in its every color - the shy orange of the morning, the glaring yellow of the noon, the empty darkness of the night. None of them were new to him because this was
give you attention. That doesn't make you look cool. It makes you look like an asshole."
"At least I have more friends than you."
How could Dean have so easily misread something that had affected him his whole life? Castiel's eyes were set, his jaw determined, when he said he was the one who initiated the kiss. He had no doubt about it. Why did Dean think he himself took the step? Back then, he hated what he was. He was afraid to even admit it to himself. He wasn't brave enough to show that to his best friend, the friend who was his only support at that time. He wouldn't have risked Castiel for a moment of doubt. For a moment of pleasure.
Cas couldn't help but smile at the look of excitement on Dean's face. He would never admit it to him, but Cas secretly thought that all these..
It could be hell too. Maybe Rowena was just playing him, making him believe that this was his heaven, when in reality, it will turn out to be hell all along. That will make more sense. This was too perfect to be true. A heaven where all the walls were down? And Bobby, Jo, Ellen, Charlie, Kevin, everyone was here? He can believe all that. But Bobby (
"I do not!"
"Spell it out for me."
That was Dean's first thought when he entered his school. Either he had gone color blind or everyone had already received their caps and gowns, which meant Dean was late. The second option seemed more plausible.
Dean glared at him. As much as Cas liked talking and bragging about being a badass, at the end of the day, he was a teacher's pet.
Dean sometimes passed from in front of his house, wondering how his Dad would react if he went inside. When he saw the lights inside, it assured him that his Dad was at least home. That he hadn't bailed out and ran away to some far off land. Sometimes, he'd find the house in total darkness, even in the evening, and dread filled him. What if John didn't make home that day? What if he had an accident and was now lying alone in a ditch somewhere, in desperate need of help? Dean was always too afraid to find out the answer. So he'd just run away, back to the safety of Cas' home.
Cas haunted him at night even when Dean was back on earth. Every night, Cas asked him, "Why did you leave me behind?" Dean never had any answer for him. He couldn't tell him that if it was in his power, he'd switch placed with him any given day. Dean Winchester would rather rot in purgatory than live in a world without Castiel.
Dean shoved him back. "You're the creepo."
Seeing Cas going in the water, killing himself in front of Dean's eyes, pierced something inside of Dean's heart. He bent down and picked up the floating trenchcoat.
"I thought so." Dean whispered.
"Cas." Dean said softly, lowering his eyes to make Cas meet his own. "It's me, baby. Tell me."
"That's funny because you're sitting on my stool right now."
"Take it easy, Jo." Dean said, smiling as wide as her.
He felt the cold liquid enter him and this time, it felt smoother. Dean thanked himself for having the tube handy.
"What the actual fuck?"
Dean looked away, unable to hold the angel's scorching gaze. "If you wanna know, I used to enjoy these one night stands. A different woman every night. I was living the dream. But now.."
After Charlie returned with their coffees, Jo started feeling a little better. She wasn't crying anymore. "I want to see him." She declared.
He didn't even know why he wasn't going home to the comfort of his bed. He didn't even have a coat with him. He hated this hospital, hated the memories attached to it. More than that, he hated  the aftermath. Hated the memories of home. Returning to the gloomy place, with nothing but a sliver of moonlight to light it up, and tossing and turning the whole night, he could feel the despair creeping inside him already. At least there were people here to fill up the silence.
"Came to say hi."
Dean's life seems to be going more downhill as he keeps screwing up things.
Dean found Cas sitting in his living room, his legs folded up on the couch, watching Dr. Sexy on TV.
Cas stomped his feet. "Promise I won't!"
"And then what? I drag him here so that he can have a nice little sleep in his room? So that he can wake up and get drunk again tomorrow on the money he should be saving for
"In flesh and bone." The blue eyed boy laughed, extending his arms to let Dean embrace him. Benny was an inch taller than him. Underneath his coat, Dean could feel the hard muscles. His stubble rubbed against Dean's hair. There were small wrinkles around the his eyes when he smiled. His hair was cut short. He seemed to have aged a lot more than Dean ever did. He almost looked like an adult.
Dean rolled his eyes. "That's so generous of you."
"I like him Cas. What's not there to like? Is he a doctor like you? That makes him even better. Plus all that British charm on top of it." Dean was trying very hard to not sarcastic.
"Care for you little brother first."
"She is an art student." Dean said, his temper rising. "And why are you jealous? You want
Castiel here. Sorry for not picking up earlier. I am free now. Give me a call whenever
"Just filling in for Ellen." Dean said, racking his brains to change the topic before Cas started asking about his other job. "Didn't know you drank after work."
"Yeah you never do." It was a whisper, light as a bird's feather falling on the ground, but Dean heard it.
Mick smiled politely and said, "We don't need to talk about that right now."
or whatever you kids call it, with Cas doesn't change that."
"We can continue tomorrow."
"No! Of course, not. I had to follow through with your stupid story and tell them it wasn't ours."
"Dean..?"
"Don't bull me about some stupid plates! I
"He isn't getting quiet."
"Long live the eagle. You came here alone?"
He knew his boyfriend had trouble expressing himself; hell the first time Cas had told him
John scoffed at his words, making Dean stop in his tracks.
"For the things
. The world is ending, God hates us, I can't let myself be distracted by your feelings."
Dean checked his watch. "It's late, I gotta go be with Sammy."
Dean slightly lowered the gun, distrust fading away from his gut. "And, uh, did the friend return my feelings?"
"What is it?" This time, Dean challenged. "The answer?"
"It's all just bull. Schools and tuitions, they're scamming you. In our time, we never did this shit. We earned money like honest men."
Dean had promised himself that he would not let Cas win today. He would get the brat to admit that he was, in fact, always coming on to Dean and then get him to confess his feelings. But the way he had just given up their game to ask Dean if he was okay, with genuine concern in his eyes, lit something inside of Dean.
Dean thought.
"And then we can see who gets hit on more."
Dean wondered if it will start snowing soon. He wasn't looking forward to it. He hated winters. Everyone being happy, in a festive mood, while the only good thing Dean and Sam had was their Dad drinking too much to shout at them and falling asleep straightaway.
Neither of the brothers shed a tear. Dean didn't know what Sam was feeling. They'd barely talked after Dean came home, except the necessary parts like identifying the body or arranging the funeral. Dean had asked for the cheapest arrangements.
, Dean had gotten up.
"Its not that easy. The garage doesn't bring much income. Not to mention I would have to set up social security numbers and pay taxes and other adult stuff. While I learn to do that, Sammy would be in the system, and next thing you know, he is in juvie for arson or murder."
Dean shook his head. "You will spill. I am tired of cleaning."
He didn't spare a glance at Cas while brushing past him. He was done.
"Not the ones made specifically to someone."
No, none of these would work. He sounded like a teenager. Besides, knowing Cas, the angel would just panic and run away. Or say something really awkward in order to gently let Dean down, while making everything else worse.
"Bitch." Sam retorted in a heartbeat. Dean almost smiled as memories of their childhood flooded him when this used to be a thing between them. Maybe Dean was getting his brother back.
"Questions, questions, so many fucking questions. Always with the questions Dean. Why are you so obsessed with my life, huh? Did no one ever teach you to not pry in people's personal lives?" Cas paused and then broke into another set of giggles. "Sorry, my bad. What would have
How else could he be in the Novak guest room with Castiel standing at the door, smiling?
Dean was tired and sweaty. He has been at it all day but the car refused to changed it's mind. Something has been up with it since yesterday- producing this weird noise every time he tried to start it. So he had spent his whole morning in this garage, trying to fix it, but to no avail. Sammy had come in once or twice, asking him to take it to a mechanic, but Dean would be damned if he let another man touch it. Matter of fact, he
"You finished it?" Dean asked, not waiting for Cas to finish his sentence. "So, you liked it? Tell me the ending blew your mind away too."
"Did I say something wrong? My gaydar is strong." Charlie said proudly.
"Nope. Just friends. Like you and Benny?"
"If I tell you what really happened, you will hate me."
"So," Dean sighed. "I have come to take you home. You were passed out here again for the infinite time this week!"
, ready to shatter his dreams once more, his head held high and his jaw set.
"Didn't see the need to." Dean said heavily.
Dean considered. "Maybe never."
"I know Michael and I know you and Cas. I can take a guess about who did it."
"You being here is all that matters to me too."
It wasn't fair on Cas. A sloppy, one-sided kiss from years ago and Dean somehow expected him to be his forever, when they didn't even talk anymore? Besides, wasn't it more natural for Dean to sleep with Lisa and for Cas to sleep with Meg instead of them sleeping
Sammy was always off with Jess. God only knows what they did walking around the whole town. He even saw them once in a library, during summer. His brother's nerdiness disgusted him.
While John's visits became less, Dean's had grown over the past years. When Mary had first died, he had refused to even look at her. He only knew one thing - his Mom was gone and there was no way he'd feel close to her again. He didn't know back then how death worked, but he understood that the person buried in a box under the ground wasn't his Mom.
Dean stared at her. Surely she wasn't implying- he had always been subtle ever since his Dad had caught him kissing Benny. No one was supposed to know. Had she seen Benny sneaking in and out of his house?
make him.
"Girlfriend, yeah I've heard about you too."
He couldn't take it anymore. He
"You will once you try it."
was still here, standing in the doorway, smiling at him. Dean was twelve again. There was no other explanation for it. Or was it a dream? A forbidden, unprompted dream that only came to Dean on the darkest of nights.
"Besides, it was a minor argument." Dean told Jo reassuringly. "Things just got out of hand."
"No."
"If we ran into each other in the town."
Dean sighed, defeated. He finally wrapped the sweatshirt around him. "At least this time you used a good analogy."
"Excuse me." The words were simple, no emotions behind them. Just two words- asking for a simple thing. Dean looked around. No wonder the hurt from his shoulder was gone. The girls had successfully managed to push the big guy and squealed as they finally had place to move. The couple behind Cas' back were still there- either stuck or deliberately- making Dean the only other obstacle in Cas' way.
"You don't have to label yourself yet, Dean. Take your time, no one's pressuring you to, okay?"
Dean had decided to take a break on that Sunday after many previous Sundays spent at the bar. He was beginning to understand why people with actual jobs loved staying at home so much. Dean was in solitude but he wasn't repulsed by his company. Maybe he no longer needed to fill the emptiness in his life with meaningless hookups and alcohol. Nevertheless, he switched on the TV to fill the silence. To stop his mind echoing with the
Also, do y'all prefer shorter chapters or longer ones?
"I don't have anything to say to you Mr. Novak. At least not what you want me to."
"Yeah Jo texted me later today. Doctors are optimistic that he would be walking by next week."
Dean stared straight ahead. He could spy Cas' retreating form just by a slight tilt of his head. His Dad was in the ground and Cas had just talked to him. If someone told him two days ago that this was going to happen, he would have laughed in their face. And maybe even be a little happy about it.
"You're my brother, Dean. Making time for you doesn't mean bending over backwards."
"After Jack brought me back, I thought about visiting you and Sam. I saw you from a distance and you.. you seemed happy. You were trying to get your life together. So I waited. I thought that maybe you will mourn me one day, ask Jack about me, or even pray to me in your desperation. But there was nothing. Sam mentioned me once or twice, but not you. You seemed to have truly moved on. So I let you be."
"So when am I gonna see you next? Thanksgiving?" Dean leaned against the back of his car. The clouds above them hung in gray, making the world just a shade more gloomy.
Dean got under the covers. He stared up at the white ceiling. His mind suddenly went back to many years ago, when they both were lying under the same ceiling, with not a hint of sleep in their eyes. This may be the second worst day of Dean's life. He hated that ceiling.
"Cas."
Cas never held back once he was inside and made sure Dean was okay. He pounded Dean so hard, he could feel his head hit the wall with every thrust. He rutted his dick against the wall to get some friction. He wondered whether he will be able to come just like this.
Dean's hands had barely been raised past his stomach when Cas seemed to spring back to his normal self.  "Anyways, where were we?" He pretended to think. "Oh yeah, on my perfect life and how you," His steps carried him forward, and he slapped his hands on Dean's chest, "Dean Winchester," his hands played with the collar of Dean's jacket, "ruined that perfection."
Garth hooted and Balthazar and Raphael followed his lead. Cas rolled his eyes, feigning detachment from the situation, but his cheeks were bright red. Dean couldn't bring himself to look away.
"Ol' Bobby and El need to sit out their lives in peace." Rufus Turner said one afternoon when he was at Dean's shop.
Ignoring his brother's protests of wanting to finish his breakfast and something about his "empty stomach making whale like sounds in the class", he ran on the sidewalk with Sammy behind him on his heels. His speed increased when he saw a flash of yellow on the corner.
Dean's head was down on the table in the science class. He had decided to rebel in his own way. If Mr. Turner wasn't going to let him sit with his best friend, he wasn't going to pay attention in his class either. Thankfully, the teacher was ignoring him too.
Dean's shirt was half torn. He couldn't stop shivering from the effort to sit up straight and to not cry.
Charm was something the Novak men had it in their genes.
"I want to see him." She said again, removing any prospects for disagreements. She and Charlie went to find some nurses to see if they could see Bobby. Alone again, Dean whipped out his phone and started scrolling mindlessly. There was no sleep for him that night, he knew that. Too much had happened for him to close his eyes to the world.
"Those are Michael's old clothes. He was.. is as tall as you so I am sure they will fit you." Cas said. He was now standing awkwardly near the door, looking unsure of what to do. He was avoiding looking at Dean for some reason. When Dean opened his mouth to thank him, he was gone.
as innocent as he looked. He started thinking about various methods to kill himself to save him from this embarassment, when Cas finally spoke up.
"Lunch. Dad messed up my food again."
"You came."
Bobby and Ellen looked at each other. "Dean," Bobby answered. "I don't think they made it here. No one has seen them."
That day, Dean did try it. The
The bar wasn't as small as it looked from a distance. It looked big enough to hold at least a hundred people. It had a weird antique look to it. And there was a lot of chatter coming from inside.
will handle it, all right? It's our home, isn't it? We have to go back." He stood up. "Thank you for all your help today, really, but it's late and we don't want to be in your hair anymore." He yanked Sammy's hand to make him get up, but was met with a resistance. Sammy refused to budge.
"What, hooking up?"
They sat together the whole day. Sometimes Castiel's Dad forgot to pack his lunch or gave sandwiches that were really dry (
Dean smirked at him. "I just care for your little sister."
"Nothing." Dean said, shame pouring out of him.
"Dean look at me.
"You can look over the garage while working for Bobby. Gives you more money." Ellen said. "Think about it." She extricated herself from the table. She picked up her basket of laundry and rested it on her hips. She reached for the door. "And keep the door open."
Dean flipped him. The tension between them had disappeared somewhere between their laughter. "Um..by the way I am glad you're here. Really. It means a lot."
"I told you I am okay."
Dean smirked at him. "Well I basically just plagiarized your words."
A hand on his shoulder and Cas flinches. He hasn't felt this in years - the sensation of touch. He turns around and there he is - his son smiling at him.
But Jo heard him. "Yes you can."
"Because you are my friend."
army." Benny said sarcastically.
you know him?" Ash Chadberg was in Michael Novak's grade and one of the most popular jocks. Dean always thought he looked like a hippie with his long hair and neck tattoo.
Dean shook his head.
"Yeah, my brothers taught me about it."
"How did you know you were straight before you started dating Lisa?"
It was a weekly occurrence now. Sometimes even daily. It never made it easier to ignore it though. Because as Dean moved, Cas moved. As Dean kept praying to him, he kept praying to Dean. Their rhythms were so synchronized but Dean didn't even know.
"Are you, Castiel? Are you still here? Because your little boy can't even see you or hear you."
Dean opened his eyes to see Castiel standing in front of him, shielding him from the creepy redhead, his face inches away from Dean's. Dean realized what just happened.
"What?" Dean said numbly, his mind not registering what his brother has said. There was just one passenger in front of him. He was this close.
The voice sounded familiar. There was a lazy drawl to it. Before Dean used to associate it with someone who didn't give a fuck about the world. Now it sounded like it belonged to someone who had given up on the world. It never had a shred of care associated with it. Dean quickly turned in his chair making one of the legs of the stool wobble with the force. He had to grab the table behind him to stop himself from falling.
In the lobby, Dean spotted the last person he wanted to see- Mick Davies. He was sitting on a bench with a newspaper in his hand. Could he be more British?
." Cas flew away.
"I am not a parent."
He didn't know when he and Cas had shifted so close to each other. He didn't know when his breath was on Cas' face and when his lips were on the angel's. Cas released his wrist and his fingers reached for Dean's face - to pull him closer or to push him away, Dean didn't know. Because as soon as the fingers made contact with Dean's skin, something inside of him flinched and he pulled back. He hated himself more than ever.
"Well that's on you. Not on your unfortunate circumstances."
"In Boston."
app? How cool of them." Dean said in mock excitement.
Dean thought triumphantly
Dean realized with a pang that Sam doesn't know yet. There is some reality still being nourished in that innocent mind where Dean has a chance at college. That Dean is happy.
His eyes travelled back to Cas' face in a slow pace, as if afraid to meet the fire. He stared. And then stared some more. Everything turned grey. "You said no."
"Damn I forgot about that part."
"Oh don't you be thinking y'all were angels come from the sky. I ain't forget how you could never shut your pie hole in my class."
"Nah they're both dead."
Cas looked up and pretended to think. "I do get that question all the time. Once I got it from a five year old, once it was a seven year old, last time, it was a two year old."
Claire pondered for a few moments before answering. "Look, no offense, and I really mean it and not just in a no-offense-but-full-offense-way.  What we- me and Castiel- have, that's kinda personal. More to him than me. Well, I think me too, but I like to swim in denial and our entire relationship revolves around something that I am trying to forget so yeah. I don't think he would appreciate me telling this to anyone. Especially to someone he isn't
"Reminds me of out childhood."
He was going to leave for Michigan a week later. His university had called and told him he needed to be there by the start of July. His seat was secured for now but there were a lot of people in the waiting list and if he delays with the registration which would end in first week of July, he might end up losing it. Getting a scholarship was easier than securing it.
rather than
"So?" Dean asked.
"You are up early." He said gruffly, not lifting his head from his paper.
Chuck sighed. He looked around and his eyes focused on a couple sitting in the nearby booth, giggling over trying to drink their shake out of a single glass. He regarded them with curiousity for a while, saying nothing. Dean waited.
"I will go and tell Anna!" Sammy shouted, running away to find Anna's room.
"What the hell?" The old man shouted, drool coming out from his mouth.
"Who's got fresher blood?"
"Dean, what the hell? You're actually bleeding! What
"The thing half the class is doing."
Dean and Cas sat across each other, involuntarily, as Dean had arrived late on the table and there was only one empty chair. Mick was sitting on Cas' side while Sam was sitting on Dean's. Chuck was at the head of the table with Anna opposite him.
"Time?"
Dean extended a hand, to hold on to Cas, to find a way to make him stay, but before his fingers could touch the brown trenchcoat, there was a woosh, and Cas was gone, leaving Dean cold.
"Charming."
"I want you." She breathed in his ear in a voice so seductive that Dean almost considered having sex on that couch right there.
"Yeah you are."
"This one can be dangerous." Cas said in a warning tone.
"He's.. he's as good as gone."
"Then why?" Dean asked angrily.
After that, there was no going back. His mind kept flashing to Cas. No more Scarlett or Angelina.  The last thing he thought about was him tangling with Cas on the school grounds today to fight with him, before he felt extreme pleasure go through his body.
"NO MORE SLAVERY."
Only you
"Every part of you," Dean started unbuttoning his shirt. "always begging to be touched, to be ravished." His lips found his chest. "If only you would let me."
"Oh hey Dean." Cas said offhandedly. His turned his back to Dean, his right arm working furiously. From the look of it, he was mashing something with a wooden spoon. Probably potatoes. Dean couldn't help but think about how dedicated Cas looked. Mick was kneeling by the kitchen counter, gazing into the oven.
"Fucking hell." He looked at Dean with squinted eyes, analyzing him. "Aren't you supposed to be graduating tomorrow?"
Dean groaned inwardly as Charlie laughed.
Cas shrugged. "It's not like I have a lot of other engagements at night."
Dean will purge himself of it all. He will wipe himself clean of everything Cas. He will forget the shape of his mouth. He will not be blinded by the gleaming azure. He will brush off the taste of the lips. He will close his eyes and heave him out of his bloodstream. Dean will let Cas go.
The sound of moaning filled the air as soon as he opened the bathroom door. Some other horny couple making out, Dean thought, disgusted. Jo was right to not fall for it.
He was good at this. He was supposed to be the one to turn into a shaking, blubbering mess, not Dean.
"Never fail to surprise people, Dean."
Did Dean really think he was so unlovable that the idea of his best friend showing affection to him was so unbelievable? Had he let it all fall because he was repulsed by his own skin? One lapse of judgement and he had lost Castiel forever.
"Everyone is here." Dean muttered, still not believing it.
Dean shook his head.
"Nope. I love my job."
"Goodbye Dean." Dean's shoulder felt heavy as a bloody hand touched it. Cas took a step forward. They were close enough to kiss now.
He started running into the kitchen but slowed  down as soon as he saw his Dad on the couch. "Good morning Dad." Sam said quietly.
Cas helped him get up and they both made their way to the bathroom, Dean limping.
It's gone. Now you have been lucky enough to get a scholarship, heaven knows how you managed that, cause my bank is almost empty funding Jo's school. I don't know how much you have planned out for your future and honestly I don't care-" Dean looked at him. "-because you are smart Dean. You can figure it out."
Claire looked surprised at the question. By the look on her face, she clearly didn't know that Cas and Dean knew each other. That meant that even upon hearing Dean's name from Claire's mouth, Cas never acknowledged their connection.
"And it still smells of grease and oil."
"Are you gonna go to work now?" Cas asked as they were walking out. Dean kept rubbing his stomach to settle down the heavy lunch he just had. He was feeling sleepy again but he had a shitload of work to do.
Dean showed him his finger. He and Cas had recently learned the meaning of that and they never wasted any occasion to use it.
"Yes Mom. I will be careful." The girl, Jo said.
Dean swallowed. "What are you telling me this now? What changed?"
"It was shocking. I never expected him to.. you know, he was the toughest of them all."
Dean scrolled through his phone as Cas continued giving instructions to the nurse about Bobby's medicines and dosages. He felt stupid sitting there, not understanding a word they were saying. Dean had always known Cas was smart, he expected himself to be on the same level. Different spectrums, but same wavelengths.
"Absolutely. After I spat on his grave on my way here."
"Did you hate us or something?" Jo teased.
Dean looked at him for a long moment, and then the anger dissolved from his face. He stood up to face the angel. "A'right talk to me. Tell me what's wrong?"
"You gonna say yes?" Dean asked. His mouth felt dry.
"Yeah. He kept scolding Bobby every time he tried to back off, which was a good thing really."
"Why are you talking about going back all of a sudden, Dean?"
He sat down on the bed, staring at the TV before him. He could feel tears welling up in his eyes, all satisfaction gone. He missed Dean already. Maybe he should go back to him, wash his tiredness away. Dean deserved that. He deserved better than Cas.
"I don't think I will be bringing any money till I graduate Dad."
, not his best friend. She even pitied him sometimes and then tried to fix him. It wasn't fair. She was supposed to love him
"Alright, alright, here it is- I got into Michigan. With full scholarship."
Dean recognized the way Cas was purposely not looking at him, trying to bite his tongue so as to not say what was in his mind. He was hurt. Dean understood it because he had felt the same way everytime someone had invalidated him.
. And I can't take that."
"It's not, okay?" Dean said firmly. "All this.. I don't kiss you or do other romantic shit because.. shit, I don't know, Cas. Whenever I think about someone seeing us kissing outside, my mind flashed back to the my Dad screaming
Sam gave him a 'cut the crap' look. "Yeah and I am sure Dad will carve up a nice turkey and help us in decorating the tree."
"Hey."
Dean sat on the couch, happily watching Lisa cheering with the others with a drink in her hand.
"Biblical, I love it." She said, tracing a finger on Cas' shoulder. Seeing those fingers, something in Dean heated up. "I am Holly."
Dean took another shower at home, again scrubbing his skin hard. He had drank so much that he had passed out and if Cas wasn't there, heaven only knows what might have happened. He knew it wasn't his fault that the man touched him, but he couldn't stop feeling dirty. If only he could have controlled himself, stop while he still had his senses, and maybe the man wouldn't have the guts to do so.
to, but I figured it would be really weird, and I don't want to force you, but.." Cas kept blabbering incoherently, not making any sense.
"Volcano."
, Cas. One would expect their  friend to greet them in heaven."
"Do you enjoy it?" Cas asked after a while.
and a grunt and a nod from Dean.
"Why?"
"We've only known each other a week." Dean said lightheartedly.
"Sure. Now take a seat. I'll get you coffee."
Cas was tired. Of everything. And everyone. He hated bragging about himself or thinking he was worth more than he deserved but he knew that the water was up to his neck now.
Dean tried not to let those words get to him. "We aren't particularly close."
Dean went back to his garage and spent the entire day repairing cars. Mick dropped by in the evening to take the car back. He thanked him for keeping his secret and told him that Castiel suspected nothing. When Dean was done with the rest of the cars, he purposefully messed with their wires and bolts to repair them again. He went on and on until the last rays of the sun had vanished, along with any hope inside of him.
"What's yours?"
"Its quite romantic if you ask me." Balthazar spoke up, the corners of his mouth twitching. There was something in his eyes that was challenging Dean. Like a lion fighting another lion for the same prey.
"Hey!" Cas called out. His eyes were steeled. He clearly liked Ash just as much as Dean did.
"That you wanted to watch a movie or go to a picnic or a restaurant with me."
He wanted to burn his entire cupboard, if only to get it out of the way of what he was really looking for. And there it was.
"Okay." Dean said, without a doubt in his mind.
Their lips met, hungrily drinking each other. Castiel's lips were soft and hard at the same time and Dean had a hard time letting go. He wanted Cas, all of him. He wanted to consume the angel and let the angel consume him. They were together, they were happy, what could go wrong anymore-
"Yeah." Cas said heavily. His shoulders drooped and he seemed to shrink right before Dean's eyes. Dean just wanted to gather him in his arms and tell him that everything was going to be okay. Just like that fateful day.
Hi the updates might be a bit late from now on cause my uni has reopened and I barely get any time to write. But I'll try to find time as much as I can and hope to update the chapters every week! Love y'all and thank you so much for all the support ❤️
"That's more than fine." Dean said beaming, even though he wasn't sure if it was. He didn't mind them there for who they were. He just minded them as people. He was so used to living alone that he had forgotten what it was like to have people in the house who weren't there just for dinners or one night stands.
"You gonna cut people open and stitch them up? Sounds fun."
"The place looks clean." Sam said awkwardly.
"Since the day
for advice for the matters of sex."
"Mick?" Cas asked, looking back and forth between Dean and the nurse. "I forgot he was supposed to- Is he outside right now? Can you  send him in, please."
"You should see the end fight." Dean was so sleepy that his words were slurred. "It's awesome."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
Dean squinted his eyes to look at the tall guy lying beside him. "Imma miss you."
"I am right here, baby." She took her hand in Dean's and squeezed it tightly. Despite her pain, she smiled. "I am always here."
"You're clearly not." Cas said, looking him up and down.
He saw Dean defeating Chuck, sparing his life (
"Do you really want me to say it?"
"So what made you get up?" Dean asked, only registering half of Castiel's words.
Dean hid his annoyance. "That was last week, Dad. I am moving out tomorrow. Going to college, remember?"
"Please." A single word, filled with so much power and yet, the ice in those blue eyes refused to melt.
"It'll be better if you ask him." Claire said sympathetically. "I'm sure he'll tell you."
Dean's heart melted.
Dean sighed. "I don't know Sammy, I still feel responsible for you-"
"Cas, leave me alone!" Dean almost yelled. His eyes were stinging with unshed tears, his breath was uneven and Cas' voice felt like a bee humming in his ears. He wanted it to stop. He wanted it all to stop. "Just
"I still haven't moved on from how amazing the salad is." Chuck chimed in.
"Can I ask you something, Dean?"
Without saying a word, Lisa was up, gathering her clothes and putting them on faster than Dean had ever seen her do so. He should apologize, but he was tired of saying the same things over and over again.
"You are welcome to."
"I don't know. Bring him home, maybe?"
"I just thought- he was at Dad's funeral right?"
"You forced us to get up at 6 am. What do you expect?"
Twelve years worth of desire and rage was pouring out of them and they took it all out on each other. Their hands roamed all over the other's body,
"Fuck your parents and my Dad."
Cas nodded politely.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief, since the topic was not on him. "What's so weird about today?"
"I don't understand, Dean." Cas was talking calmly, but Dean saw a glimpse of anger in his eyes. "First you talked about me rejecting you, now you mock everything I have done for you. How can you say I reject you when I chose you above everyone else?"
You're sitting on the footpath at night for
"No, the other thing."
"Not of him, just of our beautiful country. Actually," Dean considered. "Yeah of him too."
Sam was tucked up in bed when Dean reached in the guest room.
They made their way upstairs. The silence was heavy between them, eating away at Dean. He wished their destination wouldn't come, because when they would stop, words would replace the quiet. And Dean wasn't ready for that.
"Bet she'll say the same thing."
It had been many years since Dean had talked to his best friend, but there hasn't been a day in all those years in which Dean didn't think of Castiel. He was in his mind like a bee, always buzzing around, irritating him constantly. And even though the sting was always so strong, a part of Dean liked it. He liked getting hurt by Cas.
Dean was with his brother 24×7. The first few days, John had tried to feed him and change him, doing a very sloppy job at it. It was hard for Dean to watch. One day he took a bottle in his own hands and pressed it at the baby's mouth. It sucked happily. Dean was surprised at how easy it was to feed it without spilling.
"Try keeping that big mouth shut and then we will talk about love." Ellen said, walking back to the kitchen.
"Yes yes you are a good brother Cas." Mr. Novak said sarcastically, winking at Dean. Dean smiled back politely.
"Jesus Ben. I ran away too. We were
"Mom, for the last time, I am not fucking him, so stop pressing your ear on my door whenever he comes over."
it. You just have to let me."
"Cas come on, man." Dean could feel tears spilling up his eyes. "I won't- I will forget my feelings, all right? I will never bring it up, never let it affect any of us, I promise... I
"Oh." Was all Dean could manage.
"I don't know what you're talking about, man." Dean said, unable to look into the piercing blue gaze.
"Right? Finally someone who agrees with me!"
"I know."
"Do you want me to get him, Dean?" Anna asked.
"And then, you have to stab it with the wood-"
He was spared the charge of finding an outlet for his feelings as another seed hit him in the back of his head, Sam's laughter echoing like an innocent child's.
"Date?"
"Dad wants you.. you and Sam and his partner- Eileen, right? - to join us for the Christmas dinner."
"Yeah course. Why?"
"Benny.."
Dean chuckled awkwardly. "It's nothing really. Just returning to this place after so long. It feels weird. Even though everything's the same here, except-"
"Kid I swear your father dropped you on your head as a baby."
"No. Nope. Nah. I mean.. let him work. On second thoughts-" He wasn't in control of his mouth anymore. He was aware of everyone watching him curiously. "I should go help him.
Dean made himself comfortable on the couch with a mug of coffee in his hand. It's cushions was dipped in places where his Dad loved to sit and drink his ass off. It still felt oddly warm, just like the stool in the bar. The only places Dean could still feel John Winchester.
"Right." Cas smiled at his boyfriend.
Dean felt bad. He had done a thousand one night stands before, but ever since he had been back from purgatory, he was feeling off his game. He rarely ever hit on women in bars. A few times when he got lucky, he started feeling off after a few minutes. All this had started feeling wrong to him. A small voice inside of him often told him that he just needs to settle down now. Dean didn't agree. He was a ladies man. He was just a little off his game. He will get it back.
"I don't know. But I should, right? I can't stay here forever. I should beg him or whatever to let us back in. Otherwise me and Sammy would end up in foster homes."
Before the big boy could realize what was happening, Dean was already between the two boys and pushed him away from the tiny boy with as much strength as he could muster. It wasn't the best idea, a first grader pushing a fifth grader in the school courtyard. He wasn't going home in one piece, he was sure of that.
Cas hit him lightly over the head.
"So?"
Dean smiled softly. "I wish you had disrespected me once in a while and read my thoughts. At least then, it wouldn't have been so frustrating for me."
Things were going fairly well. It had been only a month but Bobby had undergone drastic improvement since coming home. He could eat his own food, hold his phone and walk to the bathroom without any help, which, in Dean's opinion, was the most important thing. Ellen said they had to go to routine checkups at the hospital to test if there were any new complications. She had once asked Dean if he wanted to come with them, but Dean had refused as politely as he could. Ellen didn't ask him again.
. He immediately put his hand on his back to feel the wound but there was nothing there.
Dean grabbed Cas' neck to pull him in closer, their tongues colliding. He tasted like cinnamon and coffee. Dean sucked harder. Cas' index finger was hooked around the belt of Dean's belt. It was strong enough to keep Dean still as he let Cas devour him. Dean wanted everything of Cas. He wanted to kiss his neck, caress his chest, run his fingers through his back, take everything till the only thing that remained of Cas was Dean. But he was going to wait. He kissed Cas until the coffee and cinnamon disappeared.
Dean might end up in one of the hospital beds. He decided to say a polite goodbye and take off. Cas would be here anytime soon now.
"Nope."
"You were hired-"
Even though they've been together since months, Dean still felt embarrassed to say it. It felt too vulnerable. "You're so sappy."
"Well
Dean thought.
For a second, Dean's mouth remained half open, his words wrecked midway by the train of Cas' voice.
"What's with the hair, Rapunzel?" Gabe asked Sam, his hand reaching up to ruffle his hair.
"I am sorry." Dean got up from his bed, feeling genuinely embarassed. "I tell Sammy not to do such shit, but he doesn't listen." He went to pick up the wrapper from the floor and dropped it in the bin.
Cas gave him a sad look.
. You give and give and all I do is take."
"Course."
"You guys are going out?" Dean asked, feeling a little disappointed. He was hoping to spend as much time with them before they went away, only to return once or twice in a year. Dean realized just how lonely was going to be from tomorrow.
"The girl whose home you went to last night. What was her name?"
"Military guys get around a lot. Something about the uniform just turns 'em right on."
"Loan?"
"I told you it's nothing Dean." Cas said softly.
Cas threw him an irked look and then went back to adjusting the tubes. Their interactions had been as tense as the first night they met. Cas preferred to be reserved and quiet whenever Dean was in the same room. But since Cas was the lead resident for Bobby and Dean was there a lot of time, it wasn't possible for him to keep ignoring Dean forever. Dean was usually the first one who made conversation, which wasn't exactly a bad thing. As long as Cas wasn't interested in talking to Dean, he wouldn't ask him about why he "came back" from Michigan. Which also meant he didn't care, which Dean tried not to think about.
"You really leaving?" He asked sleepily.
"No?"
"Does he drive a Tesla too?"
"Sure."
Another round of laughter.
She stood up straight to look at Dean. "Can you help me with this baby?"
The steel blue eyes finally melted under the gaze of the soft green ones and his hand reached for his zipper. Dean gave him a small smile before going down to work.
"Cas I-"
John Winchester would have been proud of Dean today. He had stood up to a fifth grader. But he had also allowed himself to be pushed by a boy smaller than him and then cried in front of his whole class. His Dad would yell at him if he told him this. Mary Winchester won't shout at him or raise a hand, but she will give Dean a gentle, disappointed look for stepping into a fight in the first place. Neither of them will understand that he only did it to defend a helpless boy. (
"Mm.. don't go." She mumbled as Dean tucked her inside her bed.
. They are scary and big. I don't know why anyone won't like you."
As good as they were, his freckles weren't wholly responsible for his popularity. If he had to pinpoint one moment where he suddenly became too known across high school and then the crush of seniors and juniors alike, it would be when he started dating Lisa Braeden. Black hair, almond eyes, olive skin, a lean figure - everything was perfect about her. Dean smiled at the thought of seeing her again after weeks.
, they whispered to each other again. They kept whispering it all night.
Dean pulled back just in time to dodge John's arm swinging at full pace.
Dean couldn't believe his ears. Cas was supposed to be his rock, to be with him no matter what, and he couldn't even handle his feelings for him? "You are
"What are
"Lafitte." Dean corrected. "And good morning to you too."
"I don't go away till you eat."
"With a graduation degree." Benny said proudly.
"Believe me, babe. I would rather be on a free trip to mountains than work for a shitty pay in an equally shitty cafe."
The last comment sank Dean's heart. Crusts off, just like his Mom used to make for him. It was funny how small things like that reminded him of her even after all these years.
Dean was in a good mood when he made it to the workshop. It was the only good thing about Monday mornings- the sex he had a night before. Some were bad and left him in a bad mood the whole week. Like the guy that wanted to lick Dean's foot while jerking him off. Or the girl that screamed out her pet dog's name while coming. But some, like the French girl, were too mind blowing. It wasn't that he
"Don't ever compare yourself to Dad, alright? Don't." Sam said sternly. His lips were closed tight together and there was only a fire in his eyes when he looked at his brother.
"Thanks." Dean muttered, ashamed.
look up.
"Oh." Bobby was the head of a construction company. A high school degree won't get Dean into the office. He would have to do labor work. Working there would mean long hours in the heat.
"You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know."
Without any idea about what he was doing, Dean grabbed his collar and crashed their lips together. Miles wasn't a bad kisser. His lips were soft, almost like a woman's, and for the first time, it turned Dean off. He wanted something hard, something firm, something like Cas.
Cas continued to look terrified as he perched himself on the edge of the bed, his back against Dean as he slowly opened his book. Dean, on the other hand, put his both legs on the bed, and sat comfortably down in the middle.
served me my drink, so
"Because you obviously don't want to talk about it. Perhaps you will tell me yourself when you are ready. Maybe tomorrow, maybe next week, or maybe years from now."
"My vessel.."
"I get that." Jo said sympathetically. "Believe me, I do."
"Yeah I am sure."
Cas' touch did reach him, in the place he knew would matter most. The long fingers were on his stomach, aching, exploring. His other hand wrapped around Dean's, helping him hold his shirt up.
deserve. And then some."
. It is short and better."
"Why? You are always talking about wanting to go to parties and drink beer and smoke weed."
Cas tried to ignore the rising feeling in his gut. Dean was so close he could easily hear his every breath. It was a beautiful sound.
"You can always buy one."
or anything you know. I meant I love you, l-like..um.. family."
When Dean woke up the next morning, he couldn't remember anything about last night. In fact, he couldn't remember anything at all. Did he have a giant tumor in his brain? What was even his name? Where was he? The room seemed oddly familiar but Dean couldn't place it. It reminded him of something- something good, something warm, something blue.
Dean found Cas sitting on the curb outside, breathing heavily. "That was pathetic." He said, setting the bags down.
It was their turn. Dean grabbed Cas' elbow to steer him towards the counter. Dean had to make Cas walk backwards because he was refusing to turn away from Mr. Turner.
"I don't know if they're allowing visitors."
"Not even Doctor Sexy?"
for you, how hard is that to understand?" The fingers on his back were gone, the imaginary lines still imprinted on his skin.
as my sister."
These are going to be very short chapters, so apologies in advance ^_^
"My Dad, he has another wife and kid. He left us for them. But Ash, he has always been nice to us, to me."
"Fuck if I know. You're the college guy."
"Every moment." Cas' smile was on Dean's lips.
"Sam told me about it. That was really kind of you Mr. Novak." Eileen said. Dean wasn't sure how much she knew. Or how much Sam knew.
"Come on, babe." She started lifting up her top. Dean grabbed her wrists roughly to make her stop.
Dean knew that crying was only going to make it worse, but he couldn't stop his tears.
"I love you."
Dean heard a groan from behind him and then shuffling of books. He glanced behind. A scruffy boy wearing a cap backwards was gathering his stuff. He was sitting with Garth. Dean knew Benny from gym class, but they have never talked before. He was a quiet kid.
"Okay."
I meant you rejecting all my moves on you. Everytime I try to ask you out, you come up with one excuse or another. And let me tell you, those are the lamest excuses ever. Like, at least be creative there."
"Oh." Dean said, putting a stop to his word vomit. There was no use pretending anymore. "You know.. fine. I'm bi. I like both men and women, happy?"
"I never said you weren't-"
"So I can show him anything I want. But if you start doing that with a girl, means you are falling in love." Dean loved teasing his brother. His little nose scrunched up whenever he got angry and Dean found that adorable.
"Apology accepted."
at this gay couple we once saw at a bar and I keep thinking what if someone calls us that?
Dean knew her answer before she said it. "Nope. No way."
. Cas was sitting back on the couch. There was a polite distance between them. He liked their positions because this way he could keep secretly glancing at Dean. He wasn't bored once during the whole movie.
"It's okay. I've learned to live without her."
He pushed it down. "You need to go." He was the only thing standing between Cas and the door. He didn't budge.
"I am sure we have. But for the sake of what you did for my son-
"Well, if it makes you feel any better, my parents are dicks. They're always hounding me for something or the other."
"I have never seen anyone love as hard as you do. You raised Sam. You cared for Bobby as your own father. You gave Claire a purpose. You even had love reserved for your own father, who was a truly vile element on this earth. And me? I never even knew how to love before I met you. But I know now. And if you will let me, I want to give you all the love that
"And why do you think I wanted to go to all these places with you?" Dean asked him in a tone that you would only take with a child. Castiel's naivety was surprisingly refreshing. His anger was ebbing away.
Thinking about what his Dad had said about never letting anyone push you around and to always help the weak, Dean, this scrawny, dirty blonde kid; forgot all about his own lunch or the fact that the guys bullying the kid were twice his size and got up from his seat and rushed over to the boy's aide.
I don't."
"Your girlfriend would kill me."
. It took a lot more for Cas to fall apart than it took Dean. He was an angel after all. This is why Dean let him take control most of the time. It was so easy to just let go, to let his angel take care of him.
her."
"That you're not.. totally straight? I know that it is none of my business, but it hasn't slipped past my notice. The way you used to worship Cas when you were kids and how your entire world revolved around him."
Dean forgot where he was for a moment, as he stood near the table with a notebook in hand. Saliva gathered in his mouth, unable to go down. Cas never came here. Garth and his friends had been here a million times, but never Cas.
"Yes. I trust your judgement."
"Everyone." Jack had understood.
Cas hesitated and looked away. His ears were red, the way all the Novak's did when they became shy. Dean had observed that during his long stay here. "I don't know how to say this, but do you sometimes feel different.. as if you don't want-"
"You really miss her, don't you?"
Lisa smirkerd. "Like a princess."
"Cas," Dean put a shaky hand on the angel's shoulder. "Say something please."
Cas shrugged. "We all have our talents. So I heard you got into U of M, that's pretty great."
"Hey." Dean felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked over to see the red headed chick standing behind him, smiling seductively.
"You know how social services can get. I just explained it to Jo-"
"I don't hate being
, man? I prayed to him every night to bring you back. He never answered me and neither did you!"
"She's your what?"
"What is it, Sammy?"
"No. No, they only know pieces. They told me that you were asking about me a lot so I asked them to tell you to lay off. I.. I had to sneak out today to visit you here. They barely let me out of their sight."
"What the fuck is a hairless sheep?"
Dean breathed a sigh of relief when they left. He knew that it was a bit pathetic that it was two days before Christmas and he had no where else to be. He didn't want to go home and make forced conversations with Sam. He didn't want to go sit at his dingy garage, especially after seeing Sam and Cas being successful at their jobs. He could go to the Roadhouse, but it was full of drunk, sad and pathetic people on the holidays. He didn't want to be one of them.
She hated whenever Dean brought up the fact that she came from a rich ass family while he had to repeat his clothes three times a week. Him working part time in a small cafe and then later taking people's dogs on walks didn't help either. He barely spent 10 per cent of his money. The rest he had saved for his college fund. His and Sammy's.
"I heard you the first time."
Cas shrugged. "Those weren't..half-assed moves."
"Did he deserve it?"
"Heyyyy babe." Lisa screamed in happiness, breaking away from her group. She jumped on the couch, planting her legs on either side of Dean's thighs and sat on his lap. Her mouth tasted like beer when she shoved her tongue inside him. Jo raised her eyes triumphantly, silently thanking Dean for proving her point. She mouthed "disgusting" and then got up to leave.
" 'Twas a joke, all right? I don't know what has gotten your panties in a bunch? Friends sleep on each other all the time."
"He came to say goodbye." Dean looked at his friend, unable to hide the pain from his voice. He was tired of hiding things.
Cas' hand slid up higher till his knuckles were brushing against Dean's erection. Dean took a deep breath, trying to keep his focus on the road. "So desperate for me, Dean."
No, he was giving himself too much credit. He wasn't important enough for someone like Benny to think even twice about. Benny Lafitte was not Dean's mistake.
"Me to Boston and you to Michigan."
but it still wasn't enough. They wanted more. And there was enough time to get that.
"What about you?"
"Stuttering and all.. I can't wait to show you off to my friends, you're so cute." Her fingers reached Dean's chest, playing with his buttons.
to get up and walk again. And a person's biggest motivation to live is his family. So be gentle with him, please."
Acting on his new resolve was harder than he had thought. Every few hours, Dean's mind would go back into the void he was so familiar with. The black mould in his heart which almost felt like home now.
John stopped and turned around, looking at him weirdly. "
"Do too."
"I just lost all respect for you."
"They.. the doctors, they ask questions. And you know who they call? Social services."
"I am not jealous. I just don't think Lafitte is a good guy."
hungry, just not for food. This was how addiction worked. It takes over everything you love until it is the only coherent thought you have left. Dean knew it pretty well. He has been hooked up on his since he was six. His fixation on Castiel Novak was getting too tiring. Worst of all, Castiel had chosen
"I don't think we should go around bragging about the addiction bug in our blood."
"Before you yell at me and wake up the entire neighborhood, I will be there. Just give me a sec-"
"Yes, that. Now I don't see you going out anymore or dating anyone."
Cas raised an eyebrow. "I am pretty sure I can hear you praying to
(See the end of the chapter for
"Wow I never thought.. I mean the way you two were joined at the hip- sorry Eileen." Dean said, turning to her. Even if Sam and Jess never dated, he doubted Eileen would be okay with listening about her boyfriend snuggling with another girl.
"Fine, whatever, don't rub my face in it. And you don't need to worry, I won't bring it up again. Just forget about it."
Dean groaned.
"No, it's just that.. I told you I am tired today." Cas said. The usual smug look on Dean's face made him forget all about
And ever since his Mom had left, this was the first time Dean felt a little happy. His baby brother had a name and there was one more person in this world who cared for him besides Dean.
"Hundred per cent."
No. Dean told himself firmly. It wasn't his fault. It was the fucker's fault who had decided to take advantage of a person who wasn't in their senses. If Dean ever got to lay his hands on him..
Dean laughed along with him. "I agree, Sir." He said, careful not to look at his best friend.
. Garth, like Dean hadn't bothered to go to any school. He was Assistant Manager at the Heller Cafe. They would sometimes end up at the Roadhouse at the same time. They loved cursing this town. Jody invited him for dinner once in a while and told him all kinds of cop stories while complaining about her two teenage daughters not getting along. There was the other cop Donna who sometimes joined them. Dean suspected her of having a crush on Jody. Jody blushed everytime he brought it up. And then, of course, were his hookups who got him through the lonely nights on the weekends.
Dean had pulled her in a hug. "Never stop telling me how shitty my Dad is. I mean it."
"I can't, Dean." Cas said as his tears finally stopped and he wrenched himself free of Dean's grip. "I can't fix it, unless you can."
everytime, only to never recover them again.
"You really knew how to pick them."
"Fuck off, Dean." Cas said, getting up from the floor.
"You both are a peace of work." Mr. Turner muttered, shaking his head.
"Dean.. Dad he.."
"As soon as he became God." Cas said, looking at his own feet.
"The holidays have started."
Dean shrugged, taking another swig. The soda felt too soft. "You asked."
"No." Dean whispered this time, his voice lost somewhere in his throat.
When Cas pulled back, Dean was panting. His chest was heaving and he felt blood rushing to his groin. Maybe Cas wasn't so naïve after all. That pizza man had taught him well.
"Where are you going?" Cas asked.
He finally stopped when he reached a bridge. The water beneath him was too beautiful to just pass by. He stepped out of his car, stood on the edge of the bridge and looked down. There was no way hell could come up with something so beautiful and peaceful. This
"-and I have to work in a gloomy, dark place-"
"Why are you suddenly curious? Found some chick?"
Everyone moaned together in agreement except Dean. It reminded him too much of an orgy.
"He's sleeping." Dean repeated. For some reason, he didn't want Cas to see the baby.
. He shouldn't feel this way.
you. Fucking ten times, I called you! But you were too busy fucking Chicago women to pick a call. I wanted to set things right. You didn't. You never do."
"Cute." Cas commented.
"Looking for my own place, till then it's just me and Pops."
face while doing it."
"Hey don't reverse uno me, okay? You are the only one getting laid tonight."
"I will be.. it will be okay. I promise." Dean said, not believing a word.
"I don't give a crap about your emotions, Sam. I'm talking other things- calls, messages, anything. The first night I called you and that was it. No other word from you."
"And who
"You should eat." Dean heard the bush rustle as the boy sat down behind him.
Ever since the doctors had announced Bobby's release, everyone had been concerned about the fate of the Roadhouse. Inherited from her ex husband, Ellen Harvelle had been running the bar since years with help from her second husband, Bobby. But now that Bobby was gonna require almost full time care, it was going to be hard for his wife to run the bar and take care of him at the same time. Dean had tried to tell here to hire a full  time nurse and leave it to them, but she refused straightway. After some more convincing from Dean and Jo, she agreed to a part time nurse. She assured them that she will go to work once Bobby is better, but Jo was skeptical about that. She confided in Dean that most of Bobby's pension money had been spent in hospital bills, despite his insurance and now they didn't really have that much to fall back on.
"Gotta say, never believed Bobby balls-of-steel Singer to bite the dust before me." Rufus said one afternoon, while he had come at Dean's garage to drop off his car. It had been keyed with the words
." Benny took Dean's hand which was on his shoulder and curled his fingers around his wrist. He brought it to his lips and kissed his fingers gently. "I will miss you."
Dean hadn't slept a wink since yesterday. Tonight wasn't going to be any special. "It's gonna be a long night, Sammy."
One day, after watching his Dad leave for work through their window, Dean sneaked into his house to get his and Sammy's clothes and some other possessions like school books, bags, the little bit of money he had from his allowance. If John noticed their things being gone, he never said anything.
hate me?" Dean asked him, grinning from ear to ear.
"Then don't tell me. I don't care, I mean I do, of course I do, but I can see that you're not ready and it's okay. Seriously."
They stood side by side, hands in their pockets, staring at the graves of Dean's parents. It was weird how Dean had pined over Cas for years, waited for him to say one
Sammy leaned over to look at Anna's plate and his mouth shaped into an
"Then why didn't you?" The button popped off and the angel's fingers slipped inside.
Dean couldn't find it in himself to be actually mad at Cas. Dean was the one who had started it. He was glad that Cas at least had the sense to distance himself before things got too far.
"I am in love with you." The words were out of Dean's mouth before either of them could stop it. "I have been, since a long time, and I am ready to say it now." Dean grinned. Purgatory had made him free, it had always managed to strip him to his raw emotions. And being in love with Cas was the purest thing Dean knew. "Do you hear me Cas? I am freaking in
Dean finally pulled apart when he felt like there was no breath left in him.
Their fingers untangled. "You don't want me anymore?"
Benny looked him up and down, mistrust in his eyes at first. Dean was suddenly aware of the soot on his jeans. His hadn't even washed his face after coming back from the factory. Maybe Benny would reject him. He was an army guy now. They had standards. Dean was definitely not it.
. Pure, unadulterated love.
Did something happen to him too? Did his family found out about them? But how?
the same way Dean had, except it sounded way more annoying in the fucker's British accent.
"You don't see me as your brother?"
"Look I told you I am not homophobic. That is not what is on my sober mind. Or on my drunk mind."
As soon as Bobby had said that
Dean had expected Sam and Eileen to sleep the whole day, given their massive hangover but as usual they were awake before him.
"Anyways, they said Bobby's going home in a few days." Sam said to Dean. "We were there yesterday."
"You know he's got a boyfriend, right?"
Dean didn't say anything. All he wanted to see his Mom again. To make sure she doesn't leave like Castiel's did. There was no reason for her to leave though, Dean reminded himself. She loved Dean. He was scared for no reason. He buried his head in his arms. His Mom will be okay. She has to be.
"God Dean just shut up and take a shower and come with us." Sam said. He threw an apple seed at Dean which hit him in the jaw.
intimidating. The purple streak in her dark hair, the piercings on her chin and tongue, the black outfits; she had managed the perfect goth look over the years. It had only made her more popular.
"I am not gonna leave him here, Dean. I can't- I can't- I need to be with him."
Lisa narrowed her eyes and shot him a disbelieving look. "It's the
Cas kept stepping back, his mind fogging with the thoughts of Dean leaving. For every step he took backwards, Dean took one forward. He was not letting Cas go. He was not letting Cas retreat into himself.
"Um, after you have fed him maybe." Dean gave Ellen a meaningful look, pointing at Bobby with his eyes, implying that he didn't want to talk in front of the old man.
Dean could see his Dad sitting in the living room, reading his newspaper. He didn't know if he was listening. He didn't want to find out.
"Cas!"
; movie nights- Cas became too focused on movies and asked Dean a million questions about everything deterring off Dean everytime he tried something - a brush of hands, the classic sliding his arm behind his shoulders, leaning his head towards Cas'.
Dean's hands were shaking when he was driving. He wanted to run off into some unknown place and never show his face to anyone he knows ever again. He should drop off Sam and Eileen at home and then drive off. Return or never return, he would see that in the morning. He needed alcohol. Something to calm him down. To make him forget.
Dean took one last look at his dad and closed the box. It was going to be a closed casket funeral.
When Dean finally felt like he couldn't breathe anymore, he pulled apart. Cas looked flushed, with his pupils dilated and his hair all ruffled up. Dean had never seen anything prettier.
"I still want to make it up to you."
"Dean's right, babe. You gotta believe it, okay?" Charlie looked fidgety, her finegrs playing with themselves while her back was straight against the couch. She looked like she felt useless, sitting around and doing nothing. Dean could understand. "Can I get you something? A coffee?"
When Dean woke up the next morning, he realized that the thought of fetching his Dad from the garage himself didn't cross his mind even once last night.
"Tipsy much?"
to be alive."
"There's just been a misunderstanding, okay? He looked back at Cas and muttered, "Go away."  He turned back and put on his most charming smile. "Can we get back to what we were doing, before?"
By the time Dean reached Ellen's, his head was spinning like a whirlpool. He wanted to puke but he didn't have the energy for it. His eyes were barely able to focus on anything. He rang the doorbell with great effort.
"Showering I s'pose."
"Will you stay in contact? Call or text once in a while, just to check up on each other? You could use a friend right now."
"The mud poured in a cup? No thanks." She looked at Cas who was flipping the pages of his notepad. "No offense."
, of all people would make it till here."
"They even stayed with us for a while as far as I remember." Anna said through her mouth full.
"Hey Cas, it's me Dean-"
He didn't have to shout at John, to wish death upon him. "I hate you and I hope you die!" He could still hear Sammy's words ringing in his head.
"What is it?"
"Fuck you."
"Gotta go back. Press my uniform and all that shit."
Cas looked away with his cheeks the deepest shade of red Dean had ever seen. "You."
"It's not that.." Cas muttered.
"No. No, you said my Dad's the reason you got into army." Dean said angrily. Benny had never told him how his parents had found out about them. If what he said was true, then John Winchester truly outdid himself this time. Even in death, he won't stop haunting Dean.
Dean looked at his phone lying on the bed. Cas had punched in his number the day they met at his Dad's funeral.
Just whatever happened, it was.. it shouldn't have happened. We both know it."
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep, exasperated sigh. "I don't know why I even try with you."
It had been a month since Sam and Eileen went away. The house felt empty. Dean was so used to the shuffling of their feets, the sound of their laughter and the smell of the breakfast every morning. For the first time in years, Dean was missing Sam almost as much as he did when he left for college. The only thing that kept Dean's mind off everything.. December, was the Roadhouse.
Dean didn't mind dying. Sure he had been looking for job opportunities and adopting dogs, but there was always something missing. Maybe when he will reach heaven, he can beg Jack to find a way to bring his angel back to him. He couldn't wait.
"Sure."
"Yeah, fuck."
"What do you mean
After dropping Cas off, Dean drove home feeling light-hearted. He didn't know what exactly had happened last night, but it seemed like Cas might have finally forgiven him.
"My Mom's maiden name." Dean said. Outside dusk was settling in. It was usually around this time that Dean went home. "I changed it after I started working here fulltime. She deserved this y'know?"
"Sorry Mr. Turner." Dean and Cas said together.
And Dean was never one to do things the tougher way.
"Me too." They both turned and trotted slowly to the outside. Dusk was falling upon them.
Months passed the same. Dean had to work double time at the cafe to make up for the money he had cost them at the garage. He barely got time to see Lisa, let alone any one else except Jo or Sammy, when he wasn't busy with Jess.
Cas shoved him. "Ew. No way I am thinking about you while holding my dick, you creepo."
"Are you really giving me shit for not showing emotions on my face when you're the most repressed guy I know?"
"Okay."
"High school? Middle school?"
than okay." Dean grinned. "You-"
Ellen pulled him into a tight hug as soon as they entered. "Dean! I am so proud of you!"
"Heaven."
"Can't be better than Kansas though." Dean said, trying to hide the tone of pettiness in his voice.
Maybe that would help Dean ignore his mind screaming at him. "Sure." He took a long drag and his mind went completely blank. Dean didn't smoke regularly, because he didn't want his lungs to end up in a black tar, but once in a while, he craved the feeling of feeling nothing.
"Is she your girlfriend?"
"You're such an ass."
"Cas!" The name seems queer, almost of a stranger's. His brain doesn't register it.
I gave everything up for. I threw away my life, my future, my love and for what? So that you can treat me like trash the way you did with Dad?" If Sam wasn't above delivering low blows, then neither was Dean.
"I.. I can't."
"It's all right." Cas said, fidgeting with his tie.
"Come on, dork. We are hungry."
"Just don't try to kiss me or whatever."
"Not us." Dean pressed firmly. To stop Benny from blabbering any further, he kissed him, making sure there was no space left for words. This was going to be their last kiss. He wasn't going to let the ghost of his Dad take that away from them.
"I can treat myself cause I'm a doctor." The man giggled. Dean groaned on hearing the voice.
Some stupid, hopelessly romantic part of Dean's heart had hoped that maybe Cas would come see him at the airport. Hug him and say a final goodbyes. Or maybe beg him to stay. But, this wasn't a movie, was it? Dean had told Chuck when he was leaving, so he was pretty sure that Cas knew. And he wasn't here. Well, fuck him then.
"Your Dad?" Dean asked, confused.
"So?"
Dean could feel himself getting stripped naked by the azure. "I
The Novak's house was the place Dean had been into the most in his life after his own house and school. He had always joked about how this was his second home. As he stood in the living room, he realized that he was going to be here, indefinitely. He felt weird, out-of-place, even though he had asked Cas a thousand times if this was okay.
"Nah he asked me if it was okay and I told him to go. Wasn't much to talk about anyways. Secretly, I was grateful for the blonde taking an interest in him. I was about to go home till I saw you sitting alone in this chair. And I thought Winchester? No way. Figured you could use some company."
"I did this.. I ruined everything.."
Bobby told Dean that John had come to their house one day, late at night, when both Dean and Sam were sleeping. He had insisted his sons be returned to them, because he was their father. Bobby had straightway refused. He said Dean was too sick to move anywhere and if John showed up once again, he would have no choice but to call social services.
mean a human who has wings..
The cemetery was empty. It was too early for people to come and mourn. Dean used to think that grief doesn't require a time or place, but the amount of years he had spent here had made him realize that there indeed was. The cemetery was most crowded at the night and on Sundays. Surprisingly, it was the most empty on Saturdays. Work the whole week, party on Saturday and mourn on Sunday. Dean liked the concept.
"Nope."
"That's great news." Eileen beamed. "God knows that poor family needs it."
"Yeah yeah, you new generation with your
He couldn't wait to meet Cas tomorrow.
"Yesterday." Sam said like it was obvious. "I am sorry for being a dick to you."
"Yeah women."
Mick cleared his throat loudly. He gave Dean a warning look.
Dean realized that was true. He cannot miss the first day. Especially of
"What?"
"Imagine
"Dean, I told you. I am not in the mood for this today."
"Dean." Hearing those words on those lips after so many years almost made Dean's heart jump again, before registering where those lips had been just moments ago.
"Grow up." Cas muttered, rolling his eyes.
. Nothing showed up, except a line,
, he was the biggest one of them all. "Can we get back to reading now? Sammy will kill us if we don't find anything worth his while."
When Cas stepped in, Dean thought he was beautiful. He had seen the guy a million times, every day for years but sometimes it hit him too hard just how perfect Castiel Novak was.
"Yes." Dean said. Cas' name made Dean feel squeamish. He still wasn't sure what had happened between them yesterday. On one hand, Dean was happy to get what Castiel's touch felt like and on the other hand, he was sad because he knew he wouldn't get that again. Cas had just asked and Dean had answered, without thinking anything else. He wouldn't be surprised if the doctor never wants to see him again. Does what Cas did count as cheating? Dean could just imagine Mick Davies coming to punch him in the face. Dean can take him. He wasn't very tall.
Dean wrapped a hand around his girlfriend's waist and kissed her with the same vigour. She tasted horrible, but Dean didn't mind. He loved feeling her tongue in his mouth.
"But I can't anymore, Lis. This isn't about our situations. I would love seeing you thrive at your school and then whatever you decide to do later, I really would. But it's all too difficult now. Everything.. everything has fallen apart and I feel.. this isn't fair for you, okay? You don't.. you can't deal with all this. You say you do but believe me, I know this will be too much for you. I'm not saying this out of self pity. I care about you a lot. That's why I want you to be free. Go live a new life. If not for you, do it for me. Can you do it for me?
Without a word, Cas ran out of the room, with Dean behind him.
Dusk was upon them, painting the sky with a dark orange. The autumn wind was chilly. Dean was only wearing a shirt. He wrapped his arms around him to keep himself warm.
Dean wanted to have another beer. Hell he was itching for one. He wouldn't, no matter what happened. The last time he had spiraled, which was two days ago, the consequences hadn't been good. He could still see flashes of the man touching him at the bar. He had pretty much kept alcohol under his control but now he could feel it all getting out of his hand. He needed to attend those AA meetings again or get a sober partner maybe. He would do whatever it takes to not relapse again.
"Thank you." He said sincerely. He turned to Sammy, who's mouth was hung open. "What do you think?"
At first, he tried to think about the girls from his school. He thought about their smooth legs and their bare chests. Nothing.
Dean asked, slowly lifting his hand to touch the mark. Benny didn't move. "How did they.. how did they even know?"
"Thanks." Cas said. Instead of going back, he stepped inside, taking in his surroundings. It was dark as Dean had most of the lights turned off. He liked it better when there weren't many lights shining down in his eyes. "This is a nice little place you got here."
"These eggs are great babe!"
Living at Novak's meant there was never a peaceful time. Cas shouting and hurling insults at Gabe, Anna laughing and making fun of her brothers' fights, Gabe dropping sarcastic comments anywhere and everywhere, and Michael.. well he was Michael.
"One of my favourites. You gonna swing by later?"
Cas walked over to the bed with a coffee in his hand. He offered it to Dean, who took it, but didn't drink. He watched Cas intently as he pushed aside Dean's blanket by his feet to make a seat for himself.
"So this is your favourite movie?"
"Drunk."
To Dean's surprise, Sam walked over to him and wrapped his giants arms around his brother. Dean felt himself smashed against the big bones, but he didn't protest. It was like hugging a large teddy bear. It was certainly as comforting. "Sounds good."
"I know. I tried to run away from them for a long time, but one day I knew I had to stop. Hence, here I am."
"That was enough for my Dad. He turned on me and..." Benny cleared his throat, swallowing a lump. "And my Dad, he slapped me."
"He's at work."
"Does that answer your question, Dean?" Cas said with a smirk.
Jo raised an eyebrow.
"No." Dean said through tears in his eyes.
He had only decided to do this four days ago, so he had asked everyone he knew to bring everyone they know. Sam, Eileen, Jo, Charlie, Jess, Garth, Jody all had shown up- to Dean's relief. There were only two acquaintances of Dean in this town that he hadn't invited. He was sure they wouldn't attend. They would have other things to plan.
"My happiness."
"The last thing we had."
"Tall kid. Blue eyes. Went off to army school."
"Cas I-" Dean said timidly. He wasn't even sure what he was gonna say.
"Almost." Ellen said, answering for her husband. "We are just waiting for the bills to process and then we will be out of this godforsaken place for good."
Dean rolled his eyes. With all his knowledge of 'humanity', Cas just never seemed to grasp the concept of a date. Netflix & chill-
Dean sighed to himself and wiped a bead of sweat off his forehead. He leaned on the impala's engine, studying it, wondering where he went wrong, when suddenly there was a ruffle of wings behind him. Dean had heard it so many times, he was hardly fazed by it.
"So where is he?"
Dean tilted his head so that the only thing his eyes could see was Cas' face staring up at him. Dean had never really noted how his nose stood a few inches above Cas' and everytime he has to look at the beautiful face, his eyes lower just a centimetre. Cas was an inch shorter than him and that fact had filled Dean with a sudden gushing.
"Okay fine." Dean said after they had settled down. "Can I ask you something?"
"Yes."
"He left." Sam said, putting another big spoon in his mouth. "And you were supposed to wake me up."
"Yes, Cas. It's just you and me till then."
a six year old kid who fucking lost his Mom? Or you could have lent a hand in taking care of Sam who was your kid too and whose only fault was being born? You were the adult, Dad, but guess who never got to have a childhood? Me! I held him, fed him, changed his diapers, made sure the food was on the table, I did all those things that most eighteen year olds can't do! And where were you? Drinking your ass off because you were a manbaby who couldn't accept the fact that his wife died!"
One moment you were there, next you're not. And I am alone on the floor the whole night, sobbing like I've never before. You shattered me that day, Cas. So of course I pushed it all down. Your words, your fall, everything. I have barely kept it together since then. And if I had started thinking about it, if I had started
"Where's your brother, eh?" John asked as Dean loaded the buttered bread into the toaster.
Dean looked at the sun shining, but the strong light no longer hurt his eyes. He remembered dying now. He remembered begging Sammy not to save him At that time, he didn't understand why he was doing that, but now he knew. A part of him had already died when Cas died. And the rest of him, couldn't bear to live in a world where his angel was gone.
LGBT, that's what Jo had said. He clicked.
The Roadhouse had a reputation for being one of the trashiest bar in the whole of Kansas, safe only for truck drivers and roady bikers. A few more months here, and it would be somewhere where someone like Claire Newton would feel safe enough to lie about her ID and come. He was proud. The Roadhouse wasn't his, but as long as he was there, he would put his soul into it.
"What was Sammy saying?" Cas asked in his most innocent voice.
Dean knew there was no use avoiding it. He had to get it out. "How do you know Castiel?"
"You calling me Sammy."
"I don't care." Sam said simply, his eyes challenging Dean to scold him further. He can take it. Dean broke their eye contact to look down at the table. Somewhere during their argument, Sam had removed his hand from his brother's arm.
"Lisa."
"What about Jo? She seems to know you the best."
"There's nothing left to say, Cas." What was there to say when Dean had ruined everything? Just like he had ruined everything with Benny, and ultimately his and Sam's life. There was no going back from this.
family, okay? No offense, but I don't have to justify them."
"You said he was coming at your house that day. And then both of you go MIA for a week. What the hell?"
"I don't, okay? I don't. Whatever happened, it's not on you. It was.. just take a goddamn second to listen, please!"
" They both said at the same time, after having the same realization.
"Don't."
"You can and you will, end of discussion." Bobby said firmly, clapping a hand on Dean's back. "And I will keep checking in you from time to time. So don't even think about hiding anything from me or Ellen, got it?"
"Is that why you came back? To gloat?"
The Empty walked in lazy strides across the room. "I could have taken you in me. Let you sleep peacefully. I mean, not
"Nice to meet you." Rowena said happily. Dean was surprised to hear a Scottish accent. It only added to her charm.
He remembered, even though it was all years ago, Dean remembered his every drive to the hospital. He could feel the images flashing in his head. A crying Mary, a desperate Sam, a shouting John.
"C'mon, Cas. You can take that stick out sometimes."
close to him."
"Does it.. do we have it in our blood? The addiction gene?"
"What are you doing here?" Cas asked, involuntarily taking a step back.
of more than that. It would take time, a lot of time, but he was going to turn his life around. He will fall down, get back up and keep going.
"It's not your fault Dean." Chuck tried to assure him.
"Yes I am." He muttered.
"Did that hurt you?"
He again felt the pain when he realized what his brother had done: brought the apocalypse on earth. But it wasn't the same; why would it be same? This was
"Could be the main component's burnt or-" Dean grabbed some wires, examining them."-could be short circuiting.Sammy says I need to-" Dean stopped talking when he felt fingers playing with the band of his jeans.
"No snarky remarks my way?" Dean asked Meg.
"Nothing."
"It was." Charlie said. She then dropped her voice. "This may sound mean but anytime someone trips and falls to the ground, it just makes me completely lose it. Only if they're not really hurt, of course."
