“Yep,”
“Dean?”
But the smile on his lips was happy and that was enough.
“Nothing weird about it, pal,” Dean said, patting his shoulder
Cas replied. He looked directly at Metatron, but didn’t see Dean standing right beside him.
Was she making fun of him?
“Yeah,” Dean felt like he ran a marathon and was pretty anxious for some reason, but other than that - totally unharmed.
“If you don’t want a big crowd, we could just call Sam and Eileen. Or just Sam,” Cas offered.
Dean stopped. A few tears that he let fall had already dried on his face. Cas looked at him, holding his hand, trying to figure out what to say.
“Dean!” In a second Sam was by the bed, “You’re okay?”
“I want to tell you something, but if you’d rather prefer we didn’t discuss what happened, it’s okay too,” Cas said suddenly, almost startling Dean, but it was actually relieving to hear his voice.
“Yeah,” he looked at the cassette again and chuckled in disbelief, “Thank you,” Dean said sincerely
“Is it...a bad memory? Is it the reason?”
Dean rolled his eyes. But her argument did make some sense
Yeah, around the time when Sam was simultaneously possessed by an angel and a demon.
Some part of him realized where Rowena was coming from. Yes, he wasn't exactly a poster child for calmness and peace, he tended to overreact and could be harsh at times, especially when it came to people he loved getting hurt. He was also aware that Cas probably wouldn't want Dean going through his head like that.
He opened it. And soft blue light illuminated his face.
he said, though he did.
“Well, Rowena said the spell will be fighting back, trying to scare me off. Good thing I don't scare that easy,” Dean forced a smile and Cas gave him a slight nod.
“How is it a fundamental memory?” Dean asked after 5 more minutes of nothingness.
Dean thought to himself and unfortunately he did have a question he wanted to ask Cas, but it seemed too risky. The last thing Dean wanted was to upset or embarrass Cas, but he knew that if he didn’t ask this question, he’d regret it forever. So with a heavy sigh, Dean turned to Cas.
“I...I have no idea, actually,” Cas said after a moment of thinking. He looked up at Dean, maybe hoping for a suggestion from him.
“You know what,” Dean said with a smirk.
“Yeah, we did,”
"Sure," Cas laughed.
“Okay, hold on now,” Dean grabbed Cas by the elbow, “We’re talking,”
Dean looked up. The barn was old, but the walls were covered in freshly painted signs and sigils. The light was dimmed, but he could see two figures standing, fully armed.
“Your birthday. It’s a couple days away,” Cas reminded him.
“Your je- what?” Dean couldn’t hold back his smile now, “Dean, what are you talking about?”
Dean would be happy to fall asleep just like that, stay like that till the morning, wake up in Cas’s arms. But he pulled away and sat up on his side of the bed.
“Dean, you don’t have to say it,” Cas said because of course he did. Of course he would wait for Dean to grow a pair and admit what he was feeling even if it took another 12 years, “It’s okay,”
“Dean, I haven’t seen him since the kitchen,” Sam said when Dean asked him about Cas. He tried to do it as nonchalantly as possible, not giving away how freaked out he was, “You checked all the rooms?”
“Cas, we’re so close, one last push, okay?” Dean had tears on his eyes but paid no attention to it, “Just look at me, man, please. Look at me,”
Loud and happy barking filled the walls of the Bunker as soon as Dean and Cas opened the door. Miracle ran to them, jumping at Dean, making him drop his bags. Dean kneeled in front of the newest member of their family and let him show how much he missed Dean while he was gone.
what Dean expected to hear.
“Cas, you listen to me,” Dean reached to touch his shoulder and Cas covered his face with his hands. The blood seemed to flow faster, “Cas, dammit, listen to me!”
he said and turned back to Cas,
But the blood didn't collect. It didn't build up, hardly touched the walls. It just kept flowing forward, like an actual river would, making noise that Dean couldn’t wait to get away from.
Sam brought burgers, which was nice, but Dean for the love of him couldn’t register how they actually tasted. Hell, they could have been vegan and he wouldn’t know a thing. To say the least, the lunch was quiet and uncomfortable.
Dean said, when Cas was already near the stairs. He turned around, a spark of hope burning up in his chest, making Dean’s heart shatter all over again.
he said
her smile grew even bigger,
Dean opened his eyes and moved just a tiny bit away, so that Cas’s face would be in focus again.
And maybe if this happened a few (more like 10) years ago, he would be. Maybe if he still was the person (angel), he was then, he wouldn't let a thing like that happen to him in the first place and maybe if he had a second to spare, he'd contemplate more about how sudden and short life is and how none of that was ever supposed to apply to him.
Before Cas does his thing, before his sanity crushes and takes Dean’s with it, he flees the room.
“Yeah, I remember,”
“Yes, it is,”
"Try to wake him up, goddammit," he yelled. He knew Sam was doing his best, he knew Sam was scared, but his own fear drowned all possible logic.
“And besides, just the fact that you consider yourself a bad friend to Castiel and can admit it means that there is room for improvement,” she noted, “If you want to be a better friend to him, what’s stopping you?” she asked, “Or perhaps, more than a friend…”
“Yeah, yeah, everything’s great,” Dean said while Sam went on about some bullshit like feelings and attachment and whatever the fuck, “Sam, gotta go,” Dean hang up on him midsentence, “He was worried,” Dean laughed humorlessly at the phone and hid it in his pocket.
After Garth there was Charlie and Stevie. They kept it shorter, but Dean's reaction was approximately the same.
“There is no way out,” Cas said, “You need to...you need to find a way to get Rowena to pull you out,” he sniffed, but his voice was firm now
From then on, the conversation started flowing like a river and Dean wondered why he wanted to deny himself that experience.
“Dean?” Cas looked scared and broken and fuck this is
Even Cas broke laughing when he saw his own frightened face. Young Dean, meanwhile, was having a time of his life and his older version was, for some reason, a bit embarrassed for him.
Dean chimed in,
“You can share with me,” Rowena said and her voice showed that Dean absolutely should not share with her, “Oh, Dean, come on. I am just offering emotional support, as a friend,” she said, “Trust me, if Castiel’s fears and thoughts were of value to me, I’d already have them,”
That’s not...what? We’re not..we weren’t...snug...what? Shut up, Sam,” Dean looked back at Cas a couple times to make sure he remained oblivious to his brother’s
"I know you were talking to him on the phone the other day. You're not that sneaky," Dean said once the Bunker was out of their sight.
worry,”
“Cas, I don’t understand,” Dean said, “We gotta go, man,”
And then his brain kinda clicked
Dean is shouting, Dean is angry and just now he realizes how little that helps.
A brothel. They were at a brothel Dean took Cas when he found out that the angel was still a virgin. Dean couldn't hold back his laughter
Dean said.
“Goodnight, guys,”
Dean would lie if he said he didn’t suspect anything from Cas. Don’t get him wrong, the start of his birthday was perfect by Dean’s standards with Cas waking Dean up with the smell of non-burnt pancakes (which was the first time Castiel had successfully made something edible and he was even happier than Dean was). Both of them smiled like fools when Dean finally sat at the table to have his birthday breakfast. Dean didn’t know what to say and Cas didn’t expect anything from him, so they just ate in the silent bliss of finally being able to share lazy mornings together, without having one of them run off to Heaven, or hide his feelings away fearing to get another hurt or worse. They kissed like teenagers, biting lips, leaving purple marks on skin, laughing at themselves. Dean thought that birthdays weren’t that bad after all. And then people started calling.
felt towards
“Not...really,”
"It's the beginning of an end," Cas replied and before Dean could attack him with more questions, he saw another figure approaching. Crowley.
“I figured I could try to repay for every time you fed me as kids,” he said, “Can’t promise it’s as good, but I did my best,”
why on Earth would he...you two didn’t fight, did you?”
Towards the room that smelled like blood and had hundreds and hundreds of dead clones of Dean Winchester on the floor.
Dean said
“Right,” Sam muttered, “Well, good luck with...whatever,” he turned around and left. Running water was the only sound interrupting the silence and it sounded awfully similar to the way blood flooded the hallway of Cas’s mind.
And that thought wasn’t that surprising to Cas. He knew it, of course he did. Sam would always be a priority to Dean, no matter what - Cas knew it.
“Too late, Winchester,” the voice, not quite Dean’s, said, “I already broke him,” the witch spoke through Dean’s mouth, smirking. Around them, the whole bunker was falling apart.
“Well, you’ll have to. I’m not leaving,” Cas didn’t say anything, “Cas, please, man. We’re close, I can feel it,” Dean could barely see it, but Cas shook his head, “Cas, whatever I see here, it doesn’t change anything, okay? Lucifer told you a bunch of crap to keep you from fighting back, Michael did the same thing to me,” Dean said, “None of this can change how I feel about you, okay?”
Current Dean can’t believe it took him so long to get over it.
“Alright, buddy,” he patted his shoulder and got up. Rowena was standing by, smirk on her lips and purse in her hands.
Dean was confused
“That’s a good happiest memory. It’s probably mine too,” Dean said. They looked at each other, with that intense yet warm glance they sometimes shared, but this time neither of them were going to drop it.
Sam heated up a burger for Cas and some of the fries Dean didn’t eat. Cas thanked him and Sam smiled, saying that it’s not a big deal and he’s just happy he’s okay and overall not being completely useless, unlike Dean.
“Here,” she handed him a beautifully wrapped small box
“What did you see?” Cas asked, firm.
“What can we do?” he asked
“I...I am so confused,” Dean chuckled and took Cas’s hand into his. This time Cas let him. Let him stroke his knuckles with his thumb and watched it with fear sparkling in his eyes. But with hope too.
Cas nodded. He didn’t believe Dean.
“So...Rowena said the curse is supposed to start fading when I find you. Do you feel any different?” Dean asked
Dean wished Cas understood it. He looked at him and silently begged him to just get it. Get that he wasn’t just thanking him for the pendant, or for the birthday. There was so much Dean was grateful for, he wouldn’t be able to put it all into words even if he tried. So he didn’t. He just stared into Cas’s eyes that were even more blue now and squeezed the tiny bottle in his hands.
The rest of the drive was mostly silent, but two of them found comfort in that silence. Dean was humming along to whatever was playing - even if it wasn’t an old song from his record collection and Cas didn’t tease him about that. He watched lights pass them, watched unfamiliar streets turn into the ones that led him home, watched how Dean relaxed as they approached the bunker. He didn’t consider that conversation over, but felt like continuing it would be an example of “bad timing” . Dean always said he had an issue with that. Cas agreed and sincerely tried to correct it.
“Well, it was difficult,” Dean said, “We did it, that’s all that matters,”
“But why?”
Cas patiently waited till Dean continued. And Dean wondered if starting this conversation was a right move and maybe he shouldn’t have spoiled such a good day.
“What?” Eileen almost spilled her drink,
"I can do it. Stop wasting time," he said, voice full of fake confidence. Rowena saw through his act, but didn't say anything. She nodded.
Then, as if it was waiting for Cas’s call, thunder rolled. Or not thunder.
“What did you feel?” Cas asked and that question felt like it came straight from Dean’s nightmare.
Cas shut his eyes, tension in his whole body
Cas helplessly stared at the money. All hope died in him.
Dean cringed at his own smug smirk, but had to admit, the waitress was absolutely his type. Tall, blonde, gorgeous and knows it.
“Yes, okay. You heard us and I’m not sneaky,” he said, “If you genuinely don’t want this, I can turn back,” Dean didn’t say anything. Cas didn’t stop the car, “I just want to do something nice for you,” he added, voice soft . Dean looked up at Cas and mentally cursed himself,
“No,” Dean answered, “I’m trying to get you to wake up. Rowena is helping. We’re in your head right now,”
Dean turned the water off.
“How many times do I have to tell you, huh? Why are you making this difficult?” the other Dean said. Cas was preoccupied with the bathroom door, “You are not welcome here!”
Cas stood beside them, concern painted on his face. Dean could already see the portal. Benny’s soul entered his body and Dean could almost feel that sensation again. What he did feel for sure was Cas’s calmness. His determination and confidence in what he was going to do. Dean already knew Cas was never going to leave with him, but seeing it now opened up the old wounds.
“I need to tell you something too,” Dean said and Cas turned to him, “I didn’t just watch all those memories, I also...the curse made me feel everything you were feeling and thinking at the moment,”
"Is he dead?" Dean yelled at Sam from the driver's seat of the Impala. He was already pushing 100 miles per hour and kept asking more from his loyal car. They've been through a lot, Dean and her - she had already have to outrun death before, but this time... this time failure wasn't an option
“Look at me, Cas! This is what you do! This is what you bring! Pain, death!” he yelled now. He yelled and Cas listened, “What did I do to deserve it? What did I do to deserve
Dean meanwhile leaned back on the bed, keeping his eyes on Cas in case he wakes up. He was tired too, but didn’t trust Rowena enough to sleep in her presence.
“Dean?” apparently Dean froze too, because Cas had to approach him to get his attention,
“It was...bad,” he started, “Worse than I expected. I could feel what he was feeling at the moment, and it was...really intense,”
“What?”
“No, no, you won’t,” he placed his hands on Cas’s forearms, “I need you here, okay? I need you here, with me. We’ll get out of here and everything’s going to be fine, alright? We’ll go back home,”
“Where are you going?”
Still, holding hands, they approached it. Bleak light was coming from underneath it and it could either be the sign of their win, or another cheat that would throw them into more pain.
Sam didn’t disturb him with questions and neither did Dean. Most of the time, Sam just stared at his brother, either replaying the conversation they just had, or expecting Dean to say something. He didn’t.
“But...why on Earth would you be jealous of me?” Cas asked, “And don’t say ‘you know why’,” Cas warned him and Dean laughed. The sound made Cas smile a little and it relaxed Dean even more.
"Is that…?"
Cas said,
Neither of the brothers answered her
Instead, he forced himself to let it go, to let the scene happen as it did before and look for real Cas while he still had the time.
“The blood. It was all over the floors here, it came from under the doors and everything,” Cas seemed confused, “You didn’t see it?”
“Alright!” Dean said, “So you were upset because I left you alone in that diner? I mean, yeah, it’s a dick move I get it now,” Cas scoffed.
Dean listened to Cas and couldn’t really register what he was saying, so he had no idea what to respond. Cas didn’t look like he expected an answer though.
“I already told you, Dean, I have forgiven you. Not just for that one, for every single one. I don’t hold anything against you,” Cas said
“It was when he possessed you,” he said. Cas didn’t react.
“Yes!” Dean exclaimed, “He’d sure die less,”
Once again, Sam took his time to answer.
“Alright, buddy, alright,” Miracle was licking Dean’s face, his tail wagging fiercely, “I missed you too,”
"Let's go," Cas said, pointing at a fence door suddenly unlocking. Cas walked through it first. Dean took one last look at the house and followed him.
Now this place wasn’t as easy to recognize. At first Dean thought it was one of the memories he wasn’t a part of, but as they moved further into this trashy roadside diner, Dean noticed the two of them sitting at the table together. It was hard to tell how old the memory was since Cas never changed clothes and Dean -  who was devouring a plate of fries - looked almost the same.
Cas looked away and Lucifer wouldn’t have it. He leaned in, painfully close to Cas and grabbed his face.
It stopped as suddenly as it started. Rowena took a step back, her eyes went back to their usual state and Cas was unconscious again. Without even taking a breath, his mouth closed and the silence overtook the room again.
how Dean hates it when they fight.
“Through his worst,”
Cas was staring somewhere ahead of himself, not even hearing Dean's question. Winchester looked around and recognized where he was right away
He spent almost 24 hours awake, yet going to sleep now seemed like a ridiculous idea and he didn’t feel sleepy at all.
"I said I'm ready!" Dean raised his voice without meaning to. Rowena and Sam exchanged concerned glances and then she placed her hands on the side of Dean's head. In a second, he felt the ground vanishing from underneath his feet.
“You’re gonna say anything to him?” Sam asked as Dean washed the dishes
“You just told me you felt everything I felt,” he said, defeated, “Then you know,”
Cas slowly nodded. He looked down, a small frown appeared in between his brows.
“What is it then?”
“What holidays do you consider important, Dean?” Cas asked, looking at him from the passenger seat, like he did a million times before.
"What now?" Sam asked
“Dean,” Sam called out again and Dean was close to snapping, he really was, but stopped himself. He took a deep breath and leaned back on his chair, closing his eyes,
And it was the best damn pie Dean had ever tried.
“Guys…,” it seemed to have come out of the most cliche movie about the most functional family this world has ever seen. All Dean’s favorite meals, his favorite beer, candles, everything. Even the infamous Winchester Surprise was there! Dean would definitely make some sarcastic comment if he wasn’t this flattered.
“What the hell are you even talking about, Sam?” Dean asked and saw Cas approaching him
The real Dean stood there motionless, eyes on Cas, who watched Dean go. He watched him as he approached the waitress, he watched him as he took her by the waist and led her out of the diner, not once looking back. Cas watched him through the window as Dean kissed her before getting her into the car on the front seat, the one Cas should be occupying.
Freshly human Cas clears his throat and looks down. When he meets Dean’s eyes again, his are slightly red.
“I...I don’t know, that’s not what I was saying,”
“Cas, listen,” Dean tried again, lowering his voice, “I’m so sorry, I’m so fucking sorry, you have no idea,” he said, “I should have never done that, I should have never made you leave, I’m sorry,”
“Because I want to know why you were upset!”
“I’m just saying, if the roles were reversed, you wouldn’t confuse my jealousy for anything else,” Dean said and shit admitting that outloud felt nice. It was also fucking terrifying, especially because Cas didn’t say anything in response for some time
Dean closed his eyes. Trying to process and imagine what Cas was going through was too terrifying and painful. Dean needed to focus on the solution.
Fighting angry tears that already formed in his eyes, Dean paced towards the infirmary, not even trying to find the words to say to Cas. What do you even say to someone after literally going through their entire mind?
“Do you want to talk about what happened?”
“Nothing I haven’t seen before,” he said. Cas wasn’t convinced
These thoughts didn't help either.
“Well, it’s all three of us together, no one is dying, there are no threats upon us, at least not ones that we know of. You and I aren’t in a fight, neither are you and Sam,” Cas said, “What else could I want?”
Dean wouldn't. He hated that he had to trust a witch (even Rowena) with this, but if it meant saving Cas, he'd do it. He took a step back and let Rowena work
Sam didn’t move. Didn’t say anything.
“That’s what I meant,” Cas looked Dean in the eyes with persistence
“Are you okay?"
“You are very good at switching conversation subjects,”
to somehow make this better without giving away his deal with that Ezekiel-Gadreel fucker.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Cas nodded and...that was about it. Neither knew what to say next and Dean’s jumping heart dreamed about the freedom and comfort it felt in the last memory they watched. There was nothing left of that feeling in the real world. Dean felt anxious and awkward, not knowing what to do with his hands or where to look.
Cas was still upset, but the gesture flattered him anyway
But it wasn’t much better outside.
And that memory is terrible enough for the curse to torture Cas with it.
“I apologise for making you-,” Cas stopped himself, “
"That's when you tell her something about her dad," Dean said, as the door closed behind Cas and Chastity in the distance.
“I wanted to help?”
“Not ready for that discussion yet, I see,” she said, “Well, according to Winchester standards, you made a whole lot of progress today anyway,” Rowena said, marking the end of the conversation that Dean wasn’t sure he was ready to end
“Yeah, maybe. Who knows?”
“Well, great job, everyone, since my services are no longer needed, I shall be on my way,” Rowena grabbed her purse and got up
“Why the hell not? And what even is "this"?”
The sound filled the entire room, bouncing off of the walls, piercing the ears of everyone present. Cas screamed as if his body was being pulled apart, piece by piece. Dean could feel that sound physically wretching his heart.
“If the curse showed it to us, then it is important,” he tried carefully. Cas’s expression didn’t change, but the tips of his ears reddened. It was kinda cute.
“Me,” Dean said, “Me making him leave the bunker the first time he was human,”
Sam picked up after a few dials. Dean took a few steps away to talk to his brother
“As much as you don’t want to admit it, Dean, you changed Castiel fundamentally and every painful memory you may or may not have caused shaped him into a person he is right now,” she said, tone way more gentle, “I find that person rather spectacular. Do you?”
"Fine by me," she said, "Just don't disturb me,"
For a few minutes two men just stayed there, in the middle of the room with their bags on the floor, petting the dog. Dean looked up and saw Cas smiling ear to ear while mumbling something like “Who is the good boy?” to the godsent (literally) dog and smiled even wider. His exhaustion and soreness stepped away, leaving space for calm and peaceful tiredness. He ran his fingers through Miracle’s fur once again and got up, taking his things to their room.
“It doesn’t mean it’s not supposed to affect you anymore,”
Castiel wondered what he should say now. That no one should have to go through something like that? That his father was so deeply wrong he couldn’t even see how much he was hurting his children? That he hates John for doing it? Tell him how much he hopes that Dean is happy now? That he loves him?
“What are you doing?” he asked
Dean learned a few things about Cas since he became human again and permanently moved into the bunker. Some of them he already suspected - Cas doesn’t understand or accept a need for a human to have a more or less stable sleep schedule and therefore he’s impossible in the mornings.
Once again, Cas didn’t look at him. He quickly walked to the door and Dean had no choice but to follow him. He didn’t want to look back at the diner either, but the old pain Cas felt that day still hasn’t let go of his heart. So many feelings all at once, but one - the brightest one - Dean couldn’t give a name to. Couldn’t, or didn’t want to.
“I said no gifts!”
“No, it’s not,”
he asked. Cas struck the first blow.
“Well, don’t let me interrupt you,” Dean said and Sam chuckled, getting up from his knees
"Lisa Braeden's place. Yes," Cas replied. They stood in front of this big seemingly perfect house that gave Dean...the happiest year of his life? A very difficult one?
Dean watched shock creep onto Cas’s face. He felt it, too. Felt, not heard, Cas chanting “no,no,no” in his head, felt pain blooming in every part of his friend. Cas’s pain became Dean’s and by the time Cas realized that Metatron wasn’t messing with him and that Dean really was dead, Dean couldn’t handle it anymore.
Cas stood motionless for a few moments and then ran too. But not towards Dean. Away from him.
Dean hears himself say.
“Other angels, that bitch Naomi, they got you out,” Dean said, “Come on, man. You were cursed, this is just a memory,”
Cas is dying.
It was too dark and Dean hated it. He knew they needed to get to the next door, the next memory, but who knows what’s gonna be there? Another trauma Dean knew nothing of (and Cas clearly intended to keep it that way) or one more good memory that will be painted black by the damn curse?
he cares. He cares so fucking much that his tears are chocking him now and
“He is fine!” she said, “Just asleep,”
Dean hesitated. Afraid of god knows what, he accepted the box, but didn’t rush to open it. Something told him that whatever is inside that box, it goes beyond its materialistic value. He thought that a new phase of his life could be in that box.
Dean started and all of them know he’s about to lie. Even the naive and heartbroken young Cas could feel he was being lied to,
Cas pulled out his blade and Dean - the fake Dean, the smiling Dean, Dean who looked exactly like the real thing and
“And you’ll do the same thing to him one day. You know it,” the corpse looked at Dean now and Winchester almost let go of Cas. Those gray-ish eyes took one look at him and reached his very soul, “You know it, Cas, you know, it doesn’t matter how much you try to care, how much you love him,
He was in a hospital room now. The one Dean wouldn’t confuse with any other. He saw his brother laying on his bed. He saw himself and Cas standing in the corner of the room. Cas was apologizing, saying that he couldn’t fix Sam and Dean saw disappointment and a slight of anger on his own face. He didn’t need to watch the rest of the scene - he remembered exactly what happened and what it cost them.
“Alright,” Sam sighed, “What’s up? How did the hunt go?”
He can say it. He can.
“It’s not my story to tell,” Sam sighed, “Maybe you’re right though. Maybe we should do something,”
Dean looked down. Nodded.
The next door led him outside, but Dean immediately realized this place wasn’t on Earth. And when he saw himself standing next to Benny, cutting his arm open and saying a spell, it all came together.
Dean went to his room with an intention to at least change and then maybe watch something...or purposelessly stare at the ceiling, that could work too. But before that he decided to check on Cas, just to see if he was alright.
“I take it back,” Dean said soon
“Didn’t even stay for lunch,” Sam muttered as the door closed behind her
For a while they stood there in darkness, in a frozen memory. Dean wanted to reach out to Cas, but didn’t know what touch would be comforting enough. He wanted to say something, but what words could possibly begin to express what he felt?
“It wasn’t my fault,” Cas turned to him, abandoning the door. Dean took it as a cue to work harder on his door.
“Cas…,” Dean wanted to cry. He was too late, “Cas, this isn’t real,” he said, “This whole thing, purgatory, leviathan, it happened years ago, man. We both got out, remember?”
Cas was unstable on his feet and Dean stayed as closely as he could when they walked to the kitchen. Sam was still there too and his face lit up when he saw Cas.
“Yes, you do,” she said. Dean stared at the cassette in his hands as a huge grin finally cracked his face.
So he opened his eyes and stepped back into the bloody hallway, opening the next door.
He just watched the sunrise, trying to convince himself that everything really was okay and they could live through this without any changes. Cas was safe and it was enough. Cas was here and it was enough. Cas was his friend and it was enough.
“It was bad enough having to tolerate you on the hunts, but at least you could help,” the fake Dean scoffed, “I don’t even know why you’re here now, I don’t need you. I don’t want you here,”
“This isn’t fair,” Cas whispered, mostly to himself, in a tired, broken tone, “You shouldn’t have come for me,”
Cas wasn't heavy at all. Maybe it was the adrenaline in Dean's blood, or maybe it was a more concerning reason. Did Cas eat well? He seemed to enjoy food when Dean cooked, but that didn't happen very often.
Dean said and now Cas could see the sad smile on his face.
“Alright,” Cas said then, “Thanks,” he walked away, hopefully towards his room and two brothers were left alone once again.
And yet it’s one of his worst, most fundamental memories.
And yes, as an angel he loved to just flee from uncomfortable situations, but now he knows that you just don’t do that to people and he knows how much Dean would worry and they’re finally fine no he wouldn’t leave he wouldn’t there is no way he wouldn’t
Dean tried to shake those thoughts off.
“I’m gonna go check on Cas,” he said, leaving the room but heard Sam’s heavy sign even in the hallway.
Even more determined than before, Dean opened one of the doors.
As the curse hit him, all Cas felt was the overwhelming hot rage of the witch. It hit him right in the chest, he fell on his back and the last thing he saw was the scared faces of his friends.
“I don’t think I can, Cas,” he said. Cas squeezed his fists tighter
“Nothing important,” Cas’s voice was dry and cold again and Dean thought he might have already fucked everything up.
“Nothing,” Cas said, “Watching the sunrise?” he offered. Dean nodded and looked into the horizon too. It was beautiful.
Out of all the places Dean thought that door would take him, a librarian’s office wasn’t on the top of his list. Well, at least that’s what the room looked like with soft lightning and bookshelves covering the walls. There wasn’t a sight of blood there, the smell and the noise ceased to exist too. Dean looked around and saw Cas sitting at the desk by the wall.
"I feel it all the time," he said, "We should hurry," and walked towards the door before Dean could say anything else. Not that he had any idea what he could say.
He took one last look at his friend, though - just couldn’t help it and l turned to the woods. Just to see him again.
The bunker. Again. Dean braced himself for having to fight through another nightmare, but Cas’s hand relaxed in his. He recognized the memory.
And the debate went on.
“Were you jealous?” Dean blurted out with his eyes closed before he could rethink it
But mostly, Dean was fucking insulted his brother and the witch thought he wouldn't get his shit together to save Cas. He'd do anything.
“Asleep? How do you know?”
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, “I’m acting like an asshole. I appreciate it, Cas, I really do,”
The silence was blissful. So was the absence of the smell. Dean still had his hands on Cas’s shoulder when they found themselves in a new room, that wasn’t specifically a room. It was a barn.
Still took him a second to remember where he was and what happened.
“Castiel is trapped in his own mind,” she started, “He is aware of what is going on, more or less, but soon it’ll change. The curse is showing him his worst memories, his fears and regrets. The more he’ll try to wake up and get out, the deeper he’ll wander into his own mind, which will become a darker place with every second. This will go on until he loses his sanity. And then his body will give out, which wouldn’t happen if he was still an angel, but oh well,”
“Cas,I-” the light coming from the grace made Dean’s eyes shine even brighter. He kept looking at it, flushed and flattered, “I don’t know what to say,”
“Dean, don’t watch this,” Dean didn’t even notice how the real Cas approached him and automatically flinched away from his touch.
he thought,
“Well, I don’t know,”
“A curse…,” he mumbled
“Naturally,” he sighed, “Okay, I’m ready,”
Once again, Cas just nodded. He turned around and took the stairs. One last sad look down, at Dean, at the bunker and he was gone.
Dean’s train of thoughts was cut off by a sensation he’s never felt before. It was soft and hot and cold at the same time. Cas’s lips tasted like heaven. They were better than heaven.
And he’s still here.
“Then what were you saying?”
“Man, you really scared us there,” Sam said as he let go of Cas
“How are you feeling?” he asked
“Uhm, you hungry?” Dean asked because apparently he turns into a servant when he’s nervous, “Sam brought burgers,”
“Cas..,” he tried to catch his breath, “What the hell, man?”
Dean looked away.
Sam smiled and put the half empty bowl of popcorn on Dean’s lap.
“Alright, Dean, calm down,” Sam placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder, “You go check outside, I’ll check the garage,”
“Well, it was. Dad said I was grown enough and that the hunt was easy and it was about time,” Dean's voice shook slightly, but Cas noticed and moved closer, “It was an easy one, but I wouldn’t send my kid to handle it, you know?” Dean smirked humorlessly, “Two nuns’ ghosts were killing people in Riverton. A simple salt and burn. But...dad gave me that hunt for a reason,”
“Well, yeah,”
"Hey, look, it's...what was her name?"
“Wow,” he said, “That witch should have cursed you years ago,” Dean joked, really hoping that Cas would get that it was a joke and laugh. And he did. Freely and joyfully and damn that was the best sound Dean’s ever heard.
Lucifer repeated, shaking his head,
Cas asked
“Yeah, we’re fine,” Dean said, “She used most of her strength on you, it was pretty easy to gank her afterwards,” Cas nodded. Dean actually barely remembered killing the witch. All he remembered was his fear and his anger. He stabbed her in the chest, but that didn’t wake Cas up.
“So you didn’t answer,” Castiel said as they were leaving the cemetery.
Purgatory.
Cas learned a lot of things from Dean - almost everything he knew and was had been influenced by Dean. Struggle to express his feelings being one of those things. But Cas knew that Dean was a man of actions and appreciated actions more than words. So he let go of his hand and got up from the bed.
“Cas, it’s me,” he called out, “Just checking in,” Dean waited some more, but the absolute silence was quick to increase his heart rate and he couldn’t stop himself from opening Cas’s door and rushing in.
“Hey, Sam, just wanted to say that I found Cas and he’s fine,”
“So I’m giving you this here because I want to see your genuine reaction,” Eileen said as she came back, hands behind her back.
Doubt. Disgust at Crowley. Fear, lots of it, enormous responsibility on his shoulders. But when that Cas looked at Dean, he felt warmth and Dean realized that even if they had a chance for a do-over here, Cas still would leave Dean alone.
“Yeah, when i could. Not every year though,”
“Why do you care?”
Dean said no such thing. His gaze was glued to the floor, mouth shut.
Dean tried to focus on the door, on getting them out of here, on making this corrupted version of himself shut up, but nothing worked and he kept throwing glances at Cas, who slowed down with every poisonous word that came out of Dean's clone.
Dean heard himself say and rolled his eyes. The memory Cas was looking outside the window again, his contentment completely gone.
Dean smiled and walked into the living room, silently giving his approval to the devil’s trap drawn under the rug. And then his eyes laid on the dining table.
“Stop that,” Dean said, sitting down next to him and taking his hand into his. Cas took it away as quickly, forming fists on his lap.
“Did you purposely make your entrance as dramatic as possible?” he asked Cas, as the young version of him approached them
Sam said and left the room.
Dean elaborated. Cas rolled his eyes
This time he doesn’t waste the time watching the whole memory, as mesmerizing as it is. Dean is a demon and he’s walking around the bunker with a hammer in his hand, the one he was ready to use on his own little brother and his best friend.
They found a door. A plain wooden door in the middle of the woods, but after everything that happened that day, Dean wasn’t surprised by that. He pushed it open and saw the familiar hallway through it.
“Yeah,” Cas said, but Dean wasn’t convinced. Unfortunately they didn’t have the time for a self-worth pep-talk.
“Oh shit,” Dean whispered.
Cas moved on his bench, leaving space for Dean, silently inviting him. Hesitantly, Dean took the seat.
With the deadly threats coming out of his own mouth as a background, Dean ran, crossing the bunker’s halls and walking into every room screaming Cas’s name.
“Because he should be regretting it. Meeting us, saving me, all that,” Dean said, still avoiding eye contact.
“Hold on,” he said, “What does it even mean,’ you don’t have any right to be jealous’? So you were?” Dean asked, air quotes and all. Cas frowned for a second, visibly nervous.
“So,” Sam started, poking his salad with a fork, “You’re alright?”
“How dare you use his face?” Cas didn’t lower his tone, but his voice was shaking, “It’s pathetic even for you,”
And then Cas’s fingers were in his hair and Dean’s brain just shut down.
“It could be,” he said, “It’s nice. Peaceful,”
“What?”
“It’s okay,” Cas smiled, “There,” he took the necklace from Dean and carefully put it on him. The pendant felt cold and warm at the same time against the bare skin of Dean’s chest. But it also felt familiar. Like the amulet Sam had once given him felt.
jealous,” he said, “But it wasn’t...it wasn’t a new thing, I don’t know why the curse even showed that memory, probably to embarrass me because it knew you were also watching,” Cas was messing with his nails while talking. A bad habit he learned from Dean, “But I meant what I said. I don’t have a right to be jealous and there’s no reason for me to be. Human emotions are irrational, unfortunately,”
That light feeling as if anything is possible and attainable was also there. At least almost.
Cas smelled really nice.
“I’m not sure,”
“Well, at least the blood is gone,” Dean said, tapping on the clean floor with his boot. Cas frowned.
If Cas makes it this far.
Cas forgave him. Of course, he did. Cas understood.
It’s dark, the only source of light is the ring of holy fire Castiel is standing inside of. He’s looking at Dean, at another Dean, the one who’s mad at him, the one who’s heartbroken and betrayed. The one who still has hope that all his doubts are false and empty and that his best friend isn’t working with the enemy.
Cas remembers it. Even though he wasn’t himself back then, he remembered Dean’s outburst and his poisonous words.
Dean groaned,
Cas was embarrassed for his own subconsciousness. Of course.
do to that witch?” Rowena crossed her arms against her chest, “This curse is...cruel. It is personal. I have only used it a handful of times,”
“What?”
“We found this place without you, you were actually God knows where the whole time, while we needed your help,” he went on, "It's your thing, isn't it? Disappearing when we actually need you, coming back when things are already ruined and making them even worse,"
“Whatever,” Cas sighed and went farther into the hall, choosing the next door.
“No, everything is okay. I’m sorry to have woken you, Sam,”
“Yeah?” his arms, legs and back ached, reminding him that he wasn’t young anymore, not young enough to dig a second grave in a row anyway
“What do you mean not a new thing?”
“Yeah, it’s okay. It was so long ago,” he said,
“Maybe it’s another good one,” Dean suggested.
Cas and Crowley disappeared soon and the memory froze.
“No,” she put her hands on Dean’s shoulder and started pushing him towards the guest bedroom, where Cas was already waiting for him, “You don’t clean after your own birthday. Sam and I can handle it,”
“Oh, as if you do now,” Cas’s chuckle grew into quiet laughter as he bumped Dean’s shoulder with his.
"Shit. And how do I find that?," Dean asked
“Aw, thanks,” Dean shot Cas with a smile and turned back to the road. Both of them looked through the window, while a soft tune was playing on the radio and Dean replayed the conversation in his head. A year ago he’d leave it as it was, drove Cas and himself back to Bunker and wouldn’t even think about Cas’s questions. But a lot can change in a year.
she asked them, but her eyes were only on Dean.
"Dean, I could do it, really," Sam offered at the same time
“Fuck no,” Dean said and reached for Cas’s hand. He grabbed his arm and squeezed it, “We’re getting out, you hear me?”
“Helpful,” he whispered to the empty kitchen.
“Need some help?” Dean signed, pretty sure he was correct. Eillen smiled.
Dean looked at Cas, who stared at the scene as attentively.
Did he ever apologize for it?
“Cas! Stop, goddammit, I'm here to help you!” he screamed. Cas didn’t hear him, or pretended not to. He just ran. Dean was almost out of breath, running like that and constantly screaming Cas’s name, begging him to stop. Cas slowed down for a second and Dean grabbed his coat, making Cas fall on his back. Afraid he’d run away again, Dean pinned him against the ground.
Other things, like the fact that his hair is naturally curly and grows exceptionally fast, was completely new to Dean.
“Cas,” he breathed out, taking a step towards his friend. Some part of him realized that it was too easy, that there’s no way the first door Dean opened would lead him to Cas, but he was too relieved to see Cas - awake and breathing - to care about his bad luck.
“So? What did she do to him?” Sam asked
Dean sighed.
“We did. I mean, it wasn’t as great as today, but at least we acknowledged my birthday,” Dean said, “Dad would go easy on me those days, give me a beer maybe, or some extra pocket money. Last time that happened was my 16th birthday,” Dean went silent and Cas waited for him to continue, watching shadows playing on his face as cars passed the house
“What are you doing here, Cas?” Dean - the other Dean - asked.
“Yeah, what?”
“Of course you don’t,” Dean muttered under his breath, “But they still hurt you,”
“You gotta hear me out first, man,” Dean said. Cas didn’t look at him, but didn’t stop him either, “I just...I’m really fucking sorry about all of that. Every one of those memories I was in,”
“Yeah, probably,” Dean agreed, “I mean, you know that what he...I...it said was a bunch of bullshit, right?” Cas looked down again, “Cas. You know that, right?”
“Stop it!” he rushed to Rowena, rushed to push her away, to stop the screaming, but she didn’t move. Instead, Sam grabbed him, not letting Dean interrupt the witch, “Stop! You’re hurting him!”
“I’ll try another,” Cas said and went on trying storage room doors, closets and even drawers. Everything that had a lock, was locked.
“Sure,”
Naomi said. And another version of Dean appeared in front of them,
“Think? Dean is gone. He left and he’s safe. You can’t fool me with your cheap tricks,”
Dean just noticed that he was still holding Cas’s hand, but that thought wasn’t scary. He squeezed his hand and Cas squeezed it back. Dean didn’t really know what he was doing or how far he was willing to go, but the happiness and warmth that Cas was feeling just drowned all reasons and excuses Dean usually used when it came to moments like that. Suddenly Dean forgot everything that was holding him back.
“Cut the crap, Rowena. What is happening to him and how do we stop it?” he demanded. Rowena didn’t appreciate the tone and looked directly at Sam as she explained the curse.
Dean wanted to laugh again. It took Cas
Kisses bled one into another and soon Dean lost count, lost all connection to the reality and all that existed was Cas and his lips and his fingers in Dean’s hair and the way he moaned against his mouth, the way they whispered ‘i love you’s to each other over and over again and it wasn’t awkward anymore, it wasn’t weird, it was just incredible. Incredibly right.
It had to be enough.
“No, tell me,” Dean looked at Cas, who seemed to be building up courage to say whatever it was he wanted.
"Now you two go take a breather. I'll see what happened to the feathers here," she said. Sam sighed and looked at Dean. Dean didn't move.
"It's a good memory," Cas said, a small smile blooming on his face
Now Dean was beyond frustrated
“Dean, Cas is our best friend,” Sam said and that almost cliche phrase made Dean want to roll his eyes, but he didn’t, “He’s proven his loyalty to us time and time again, how are you even doubting it?”
“None of your business, but kinda?”
As they stepped out of the car, Eileen immediately ran up to Dean and had her arms around him, whie Sam turned to Miracle.
“Tell me it’s a good one,” Dean said.
“I don’t think you should,” Dean said
“I’ve been a bad friend to you,” Dean started and Cas already opened his mouth to resist, but Dean raised his finger and Cas stopped.
Cas sighed.
“Then stop talking about it,” Cas said and this time he sounded angry. It surprised Dean, but he needed to say what was on his mind. It was a now or never type of situation.
“I imagine,”
“What would you like for your birthday?” Castiel asked
“Hey, you’re up!”
Dean woke up quickly, aggressively, scaring the shit out of Sam and gaining a raised brow from Rowena. He sat up on a bed and took quick deep breaths, running his hand across his chest to make sure he was okay.
“Yeah, but we’re not even doing anything. Did we even watch the movie that night?”
“You have never celebrated your birthday?” he asked
“Dean, it’s all-”
Dean looked at Cas and thought about the heartbreak he endured that day, the heartbreak Dean got to feel too. You don’t get over stuff like that, even if you forgive the other person.
He has no reason to
"Are you sure?" Rowena said
“The night we met,”
An interesting thing about living in an underground bunker is that you never know what time it is simply by looking out of the windows and Dean was rather shocked to see 4 am on the clock when he was done with the kitchen.
"And I won't?"
Cas stared at him, bewildered
But then Lucifer showed up.
They opened the door.
“I-,” now Dean full on regretted bringing that up. He had a theory on what that memory could mean, but that theory seemed too good to be true and Dean disregarded it as wishful thinking, “I’m not sure I do,” he said
"Yeah, but... actually feeling all that pain again?"
, when he saw Cas sitting on the bench, near the bunker’s entrance.
“Hey, old man,” Sam said, putting his hands in his pockets
“Yeah, we’re supposed to find your happiest memory. The exit will be there,” Cas, deep in his thoughts just nodded, “What is it, by the way? Your happiest memory?”
“Dean, if you’re uncomfortable talking about it, why’d you bring it up?”
“Happy birthday, Dean,” Eileen kissed Dean on the cheek and the moment of future siblings in law was interrupted by a loud “HEY” coming from Sam.
“So, Dean,” she started and by her tone alone Dean could tell he wasn’t going to like this conversation, “Enjoyed what you saw?”
"He's breathing," Sam said when Dean expected an enthusiastic 'no'
“Yeah, alright. Do that,” Dean walked out of Sam’s room before his panic could catch up to him. He went straight for the exit, calling Cas’s name as he moved through the bunker.
Two following memories weren’t helpful either. Dean walked into heaven, saw Raphael threaten Cas, but the real Cas wasn’t there, so he left.
“Cas,” Dean called out once initial shock wore off, “What the hell?”
“I’ll go, I’ll go,” he kept repeating
"Cas, what is this?" Dean asked
Cas’s response was a quiet chanter of words Dean could barely understand anymore
Dean screamed and kicked, unable to just stand there and watch Cas getting hurt like that. Rowena didn’t listen though. Or maybe she couldn’t hear him at all. With two fingers still pressed against Cas’s forehead, she looked incredibly focused. Her eyes were glowing with the brightest shade of blue Dean had ever seen. It reminded him of the way Cas’s eyes used to glow, but in Rowena’s eyes, the color looked darker, more sinister. Like a corrupted version of the glow of Cas’s grace.
“What are you doing here?” Eileen asked as Dean walked into the kitchen, interrupting her conversation with Sam.
Dean asked, going through his DVDs,
“Oh that,” Dean chuckled softly, “You mean like a present?”
“Because he has never celebrated them,”
Dean looked at the other Cas, but even his feelings didn’t help much. Cas was tired and hurt after the hunt, but not severely. He seemed pretty content, actually, listening to Dean’s story even though it was boring even to Dean himself and
“Cas, wait!” he says but he doesn’t hear him. Cas looks at Sam and a solution comes to his mind. Dean feels Cas’s relief as he makes the decision. Dean reaches out to grab Cas by his shoulders, but his hands go right through him. Dean almost falls on the floor while Cas walks up to Sam’s bed.
It’s been 10 years since that moment. Has Dean laughed like that again?
“He’ll be fine,” Dean said with a smile.
After spending hours in Cas’s head, Dean didn’t know what that meant anymore.
"You will have to find Castiel. I don't know what form he might take there, it might very easily be his true form as an angel, so be prepared for that. Then, you will have to somehow convince him that you are there to help and not just another part of his imagination that is suddenly tormenting him. Once you do that, the curse must start fading, but you still need to hurry and wake him up," she explained
“Well. Not when you get them for the first time in your life,”
He let go of them.
He breathed heavily with his eyes closed and his hands still cupping Cas’s face.
“We were staying at a motel in Illinois, dad was away on a hunt and I sent him to some playground,” Dean started, eyes sparkling as he teleported himself back to one of the few good memories of his childhood, “I stayed at the room, cleaning up and then he comes back, scared shitless,” another burst of laughter interrupted Dean’s tale and Sam couldn’t help but laugh too. By that time Cas was grinning too, though he had heard that story many and many times before.
“You had no way of knowing, Dean,” Rowena said. Dean nodded, “I assume you saw yourself in some of his memories,”
Dean gasped hearing his own name. Cas got more tense now, still looking Metatron in the eye with rage and hatred,
For a while the two of them didn’t talk, though Dean felt the tension unsaid words created. Or more like unprocessed emotions that wouldn’t form into words properly.
“I don’t know how he knew. I never told him, or Sam, or anyone else. I knew...I knew who I was since I was freaking 15 and never told anyone till a couple months ago. But he knew. And that hunt was a message to me. He didn’t even have enough balls to confront me and instead sent me, a freaking 17 year old scared kid to kill gay nuns,” Dean chuckled, but the tears on his cheeks showed how hurt he was. How hurt he still is. Cas took his hand, but didn’t try to stop Dean. He wanted him to get this off his chest.
“Most of them,” Dean said, looking down at his hands, “It’s...I was a part of most of Cas’s worst memories. Hell, I started most of them,”
It seemed as though fortune was finally beginning to smile down on them as they stumbled across a small cluster of cherry trees and blackberry brambles. Wordlessly, the brothers parted to gorge themselves on fruit, uncertain as to when they would get another opportunity.
“Thank you, Doe Gwynygen,” smiled Samandriel. “Your kits are lovely, too.”
“Cas, man, you’re hurting him,” Dean said with a disapproving frown.
Samandriel nodded furiously and held the omega a little tighter.
Michael tossed the peas onto the floor and stood with a warning growl as he fixed his brother with a glower. “I’ve always been better than you. When was the last time you beat me at anything?”
Chuck’s name made him scrunch his nose in distaste and he couldn’t remember why.
Castiel squeaked in alarm and buried his face in Dean’s fur but after a few moments, he found himself focusing on the gallop of Dean’s paws and the rhythmic bobbing and dipping of his spine. Dean’s thick muscles shifted easily beneath his grip and his chest expanded and contracted with each gulp of air. The beat of each movement was rather soothing and Castiel slowly lifted his head and watched the greenery soar past them.
Dean’s shoulders sagged as he closed his eyes. “I shouldn’t have done that to you. I’m sorry, Cas.”
“I don’t understand,” Frejja whispered. “Why are they hunting us?”
Michael and Raphael gaped at the pair, at a loss for words. They had never had children argue back at them before and they weren’t entirely sure what to do now that Ben and Samandriel were accusing them of being in the wrong. To be honest, very few adults had argued with them so brazenly – the Novak name struck fear into many hearts.
“Why do you think that you lost to Mr. Winchester?” she asked. “After all, up until the final week, you were predicted to be in the lead.”
“This!” Castiel shouted, gesturing frantically between them both. “Us! Whatever’s happening here!” He ran a fevered hand through his hair. “I know I shouldn’t trust you, but I do. I shouldn’t find it so easy to just… talk to you. I shouldn’t
“You ungrateful waste of air,” Chuck growled. “After everything this nest has done for you. You deserve to be alone for the rest of your life. You’re no son of mine.”
Sam raised his eyebrows. “You… made this?” He glanced over his shoulder to ensure they were alone. “You’re going all-out, huh?”
Sensing that he was likely about to be attacked, Jack rolled onto his back once more with a whimper.
“It’ll take some time for me to believe you,” Castiel said after a little while. “And if that bothers you, tell me and we can end this before either of us gets too involved.”
Benny took the chair opposite Dean in a much more graceful manner and steepled his fingers against his chin as he contemplated their situation. “We need to appeal to a wider demographic.”
Castiel plucked at a loose thread on his duvet and a heavy tension settled over them.
“I won’t allow any harm to come to you, Dean,” Castiel promised quietly. “I know that this isn’t the most ideal situation, but I would really appreciate it if you could help me out. I don’t fancy a whole weekend of being forced to
Michael eyed the intruder sharply and the other alpha smirked. “Oh, I have a… let’s say a
“Cas, wait!” Dean yelled as Castiel vanished. “Don’t do this!”
amazing.
As though proving a point, Michael joined Castiel and the Winchesters’ sides and Jack stepped back, staring down at his grandfather in pity.
“Do you like penises in your anus?”
He found himself in Dean’s lap and the werewolf huffed a laugh before falling back against the bed and pulling Cas with him. Castiel cuddled deeper into Dean and the werewolf smoothed a palm over his back as another rubbed his arm, and Castiel frowned because the suit was preventing him from
Ben nodded enthusiastically. “Even though we’d just had a fight with Azazel’s pack and Dean was injured, he still beat John in their fight; who, it turned out, had led Azazel’s pack to us.”
Dean scowled and pulled away from Castiel. “How do you think it makes me feel, Cas, that you’ve already given up on me? It’s not going to work if you don’t at least
Dean spared Castiel a grin before casting his gaze to the trees once more. The speckles of light were beginning to retreat from Dean’s boots on a slow journey towards the forest.
Castiel stiffened and whatever question the host had been about to ask never made it into the microphone.
“I guess I’d be sad about the loss, but I wouldn’t mind if it’s you who I’m losing to,” explained Dean. “After all, I’d have voted for you if I wasn’t running myself.”
He crept away from his brothers whilst they were busy staring after Dean in shock and he settled at the trunk of a thick oak tree, hoping that the expansive shadows cast by the leafy boughs would be enough to hide him and his thoughts for a little while.
“None. Contrary to popular belief, vampires don’t need human blood to survive. Animals are fine.”
Dean chuckled. “I did what any twenty-year-old would do in my situation. Threw myself through the window, legged it into the forest, and ignored the glass in my arm. Next thing I know, I’ve got three hunters on my tail. I morph and think I’ve lost them, when out of nowhere, this arrow lodges itself into my
Oh the angst
Estate
“Is there something you wanted or are you just here to irritate me?”
“I need you,” Dean added desperately, just to make sure that Castiel understood. “I can’t do this alone again.”
“No,” Castiel murmured, sounding unhappy. “No, I don’t think so.”
Dean finally turned to him with a scowl. “That’s not what I said. Don’t make this harder than it needs to be.”
“Unplanned phone sex!” Dean argued before dropping his gaze to his legs, where they swung like a five-year old’s whom had been called into the Principal’s office.
Corners of his mouth drawing downwards, Dean folded Castiel into his arms and pressed their heads together. “The difference here is that he
Suddenly, a figure dropped in front of the door and Castiel stiffened when his father glared at him darkly, arms crossed. Beside him, Dean tensed and his scent spiked with outrage and hatred until Castiel’s nose wrinkled with its pungency. He hadn’t been expecting such a reaction from the werewolf.
. Let’s show them that we’ve finally cracked. Let’s show them that we only need each other to be happy.”
Castiel fell silent and averted his gaze and Dean thrust his hands into his pockets. “Sorry,” he murmured. “Didn’t mean to pry.”
and nuzzled playfully at the tight curls of hair above it.
Dean took a seat beside him and curled an arm around his shoulders. Castiel leaned into him gratefully and they ignored the rain soaking into the backs of their suits.
“Who’s with you?” the white and grey wolf demanded.
“You all right?” Castiel asked softly as he turned his attention to Sam.
Dean swore and rubbed Castiel’s back comfortingly as his rival began to hyperventilate.
“I have no issue with your bisexuality, nor do I recommend anyone to come out when it isn’t safe to do so,” said Novak carefully, giving Dean a look that promised revenge later – a look that the cameras couldn’t possibly have caught the depth of.
Ben frowned and sniffed the air. “Yeah… smells weird.”
Castiel raised his eyebrows in surprise and maybe an ounce of frustration. “You know,” Castiel said a little tighter than Dean remembered him speaking last time, “ever since we met and ever since I pulled you out of Hell, knowing you has changed me. Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam. I cared about Jack. I cared about the whole world because of
Pout growing, Dean crossed his arms and tried to scrape up what little dignity he had left. “You’re a convincing actor. That was cruel – you know I think that you’re the sexiest man alive.”
*             *             *
He had found his home and it didn’t need four walls and a bed.
“Mr. Winchester. Are you admitting that you would consider tax evasion?”
Dean blinked and lowered his gaze to the young omega. “…Yeah.”
Dean watched his tongue dart out to catch a stray droplet of cream at the corner of his mouth, and he seemed to lean towards Cas.
“Yes, it was,” Castiel agreed, voice oddly firm. The Empty gurgled gleefully behind him.
like they are! They are your enemies!”
Dean said nothing as he made his way to the car and began peeling off each and every sticker, and Castiel watched him with wide eyes, scrambling for something to say.
“Why didn’t you just break his arms? Or his legs? I didn’t think you were that weak.”
Michael cursed under his breath when he realised that his stomach wasn’t only pushing the toxins
“Adam! Adam! Adam!” howled a chorus of pups as they pounced and attempted to suffocate their victim whilst he was sleeping. “Meg said it’s your turn to give us a hunting lesson!”
Cas couldn’t seem to find any words so Dean cleared his throat and stared at the wall. “I was shocked,” Dean admitted quietly. “I handled it terribly. I’ve had a long time to think since then and I…” He glanced at the angel, gaze pained. “I thought you were dead, man. I thought I’d lost my chance. I thought I’d lost
When Gabriel reached Dean, he flipped onto his back and moaned loudly, “Yeah, gorgeous, mark me up. Make me yours. Show everyone who I belong to.”
“No, she can’t,” Hannah squealed.
“Why does he hate me?” Castiel asked in exasperation, determined not to relinquish his position at Dean’s side. “Animals don’t usually hate Angels.”
Castiel’s eyes twinkled with humour before he nuzzled Dean’s cheek. “You have the most amazing moans.”
Dean wanted to sit down. Preferably with a stiff drink.
“Are you gonna bring me that before it gets cold or do I have to come to you?”
“Do you want to kiss me now?”
Lucifer closed his eyes as Crowley and Meg bathed his wounds and the two mates shared a startled glance when he leaned towards them in encouragement. Beside him, Michael cautiously shuffled closer to Dean and rested his head on the other alpha’s shoulder blades so that his nose wouldn’t be submerged in water. Dean stilled uncertainly but didn’t push him away as his pack continued to work on the three brothers.
“What’s up?” Sam asked carefully as he peered at the patient. It seemed as though Castiel had only just finished draping – no incision had been made yet, so it was likely that the patient wasn’t the issue.
“Screw them all, then,” growled Lucifer as he squeezed his brother’s shoulder. “We’ll figure it out on our own eventually. We know how to run a business. We’re not stupid.”
Lucifer cast his gaze to Michael and Raphael, who watched him with matching disturbed expressions and he quickly averted his gaze, humiliation filling his gut.
tasting his rival. “An abusive one,” he murmured against Castiel’s lips.
“I’m sorry,” he managed after a few moments. “I didn’t mean to offend you.”
Dean rubbed at his cheek miserably and shrugged. “I
didn’t have to die!”
“Don’t give into them,” Dean said resolutely. “They don’t deserve this place. It’s your home.”
Dean came to a halt, his voice taking on a certain gruffness in a mockery of Cas’ own tones.
“Hi.”
because there was another man playing. Perhaps they were concerned that their ‘manliness’ would be questioned if they displayed any sort of emotional connection to their male partner during sex. However, Dean wasn’t like any of the other ‘experimenters’ Castiel had been with. Dean was gentle and curious and affectionate and Cas needed
“Was there something on your mind?” Lucifer asked, acutely aware of their curious audience.
He stood before he did something as ridiculous as kiss the angel. “I’ll uh… I’ll leave you to sleep,” he said, gesturing vaguely to the bed. “It’s getting late and we uh… we can talk more in the morning, yeah?”
Before Castiel could register that his grip on consciousness was starting to slip, he was asleep on Dean’s shoulder.
*             *             *
Why did Sam have to be so helpful? Usually, surgeons vacated a room and left all the bloody drapes and empty suture packets strewn around the floor. It was something that Castiel had always despised about his fellow surgeons and every student, intern, or resident under his wing was made to clean up after themselves; nurses weren’t there to tidy up after arrogant, inconsiderate surgeons.
“Yeah,” Ben agreed as he padded up to Cas’ face and butted his head gently.
He shook his head frantically and rattled his brother’s shoulders. “Sam, wake up. Please, wake up.” He was going to be sick. This couldn’t be how it ended.
and he wound his arms tighter around the angel, even when Castiel tried to push him away.
Castiel echoed incredulously. “You’re in my bed, barely able to look at me after you asked me to be your
“Thanks,” he muttered and Sam tipped his head in acknowledgement as Castiel plotted ways to repay Gabriel.
ever had reason to wield a gun for protection,
“Back off,” warned Dean as Raphael came to a sharp halt.
“Not that sort of deal. I took all the demons and angels out of it and stuffed them back into heaven and hell. They’re a little confused at the moment and recovering from being woken up, but the Empty can finally go back to sleep without interruption. That’s all it wanted. I’ve also rerouted the angel-demon death system so that when one of them dies, they go to either heaven or hell, just as humans do. I made a couple of loopholes though, so that if a demon becomes Good, it can go to heaven and if an angel strays from Good, it can go to hell. Like the carrot and stick metaphor that Sam taught me.” He smiled at Sam and Sam huffed an impressed laugh.
“Afraid so,” hummed Castiel airily. “I’m very much unavailable,” he stated as he squeezed Dean’s arm pointedly.
Dean licked his lips as his brow creased. He didn’t fully understand what Castiel was getting at. “I… Has he said something to you? Is it the flirting? I can stop if it’s upsetting him. I can apologise if that’s what he wants. I’ll leave you alone.”
.” He glowered at Michael and Raphael before focusing on Lucifer once more.
Unsure as to what was going on, Lucifer carefully butted Ben’s head and the young omega suddenly relaxed and returned the gesture before chasing Samandriel to the other side of the camp. Lucifer stared after them in amusement, chest warm and airy and mind trying to figure out what on Earth had just happened.
Finally, up ahead he spotted an old fallen tree that lay splintered and warped, reaching half-way across the river. Michael raced towards it and clambered onto its rotting trunk. It creaked ominously below his paws and he closed his eyes and took a deep breath before shuffling along it. It popped and moaned and began to bend beneath his weight, but he continued towards the centre of the river, attention shifting to Lucifer as the larger alpha floated towards him.
. Cas poured his heart out to him and he just… stood there, emotionlessly. What must Cas have thought?
now. I am
A strange tingle raced through Dean’s sternum and he blinked in surprise before shooting Anna a wide smirk.
Her lips quirked in amusement, crows’ feet crinkling her eyes. “Would you like me to show you?”
Sam bristled. Wolves were always so
“Any chance it will escape?”
Samandriel tilted his head with a fond grin. “One of the kids at school had a pet rabbit. I got an invitation to his sleepover because his mom felt bad about not inviting me. Because I didn’t really have any friends and the other kids weren’t all that nice anyway, whilst everyone else watched scary movies and played truth or dare, I slipped downstairs to play with the rabbit. I ended up shifting into my wolf form and we got talking. He was a really nice old buck. Taught me a lot about rabbit etiquette. He also taught me what
“That’s fine,” he interrupted before his brothers could start another one of their exhausting and pointless arguments. “I’m done here anyway. Follow me home and I’ll let you in.”
“And it’s dawn, now,” Ben said helpfully.
“Well, Mr. Winchester, we have to hear both sides of the story to make this a fair election,” Meyers crowed, encouraging a round of cheering and clapping from the audience.
Prince Castiel remains silent and Dean takes it as his cue to leave. He turns and makes his way back down the corridor and as he does so, the pressure in his head slowly recedes. He sighs in relief and spends the next twenty minutes trying to work his way back to the servants’ house.
He was equally shocked when Dean grabbed his hand and led them both downstairs, although he saw no reason to complain.
“Yes,” he managed, even though it was a lie. He wanted more and if Dean’s brief frown was anything to go by, the werewolf could see it written across his face.
Dean’s stomach bottomed out and his first instinct was to grip Cas’ arm again and tug. When that didn’t work, he threw himself at Castiel and wrapped his arms around him, holding him close as the Empty swallowed them both.
“You sound… unsure.”
“Sorry,” Sam mumbles, lowering his gaze and the prince scoffs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mine,” Dean breathed against his lips and that one word was enough to make Castiel gasp before he ravished the werewolf’s mouth.
“This is… an unusual set of affairs,” said Pérez carefully. “Never in American history have two opposing candidates entered a romantic relationship together. Do you truly believe that a relationship between you and Mr. Winchester would be successful?”
Michael went rigid as Lucifer and Raphael whipped around to stare at the other alpha.
Before they could make it up the steps of the porch, a scruffy head bobbed out from behind the door.
Michael and Raphael averted their gazes with heated cheeks when Jody morphed into her human form. She reached into her bag and threw a blanket around herself before offering them a knowing smile, and they raised their eyebrows in a combination of surprise and relief.
” hissed Raphael. “They call themselves
He turned smartly on his heel and paced away rather speedily, and Dean smirked in amusement before calming his scent once more. He glanced over at Castiel and found the vampire pulling a strange face, eyes closed.
“Why be enemies when you can be friends?” Samandriel asked.
Sliding his hand across the sun-warmed hood, Dean’s fingers closed over the Angel’s. He decided to speak plainly.
“Enough,” growled Chuck, flinging a hand out to silence Dean. Pressure built around Dean’s throat, narrowing his airways slowly until he was gagging and clutching at the invisible rope around his neck.
wouldn’t do what he wanted them to.
“Want you,” Dean whispered, desperate to press their mouths together. “Want to taste you.”
Castiel gripped his father’s arm like a vice and Chuck hissed in agony.
“And did any of them have parents who invited ex-husbands and potential wealthy love interests to parties that said girlfriends were unwilling to host but were forced to anyway?”
The pain combined with blissful pleasure had Dean panting Castiel’s name over and over and Castiel thrust into him a little harder, thoroughly enjoying the sounds he could elicit from his rival. The pain in Dean’s ass increased and he screwed up his face a little and clutched at Castiel’s hand, but he didn’t ask the Democrat to slow – mostly because he didn’t want him to.
“I’m sure they did,” Castiel purred with a wry smile. “What else did they tell you?”
“I am the boss,” Castiel said coldly. “I am Head of the Neurology department.”
Dean pouted. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Gabriel’s gaze was hard as he stared at Castiel. “
“Let them,” huffed Dean as he pulled Castiel closer. “Let them say what they like. Your safety is a priority and if the reporters want to make a scandal out of it, I’ll tell them it was my fault. I’ll tell them I forced you into my car. I’ll make sure that you don’t face any backlash.”
He shuffled out of the kitchen and headed towards the front door, only to bump into Gabriel. The dragon pulled back and glanced at Castiel warily. Castiel sagged.
“Good luck,” she smiles before reaching down to hand Sam a silver tray holding a large, creamy latte, which Sam hadn’t spotted until now. “I’ll email you an introduction pack later. You have pretty much full roam of the palace – except the royal bedrooms, obviously. Your breaks are whenever Gabe dismisses you. Have fun!”
“I can and I will,” Dean said, voice low so as to deter any potential eavesdroppers. They had already gained some strange looks from Castiel’s shout. “If I do that, will you let me take you on a date?”
Michael closed his eyes, focusing on the voice inside his head. “No,” he admitted softly.
A hand rubbed his back comfortingly and Cas hummed in approval and began to toy with Dean’s silky hair, winding his fingers through it and scraping his nails lightly over his scalp until the wolf made a soft noise of encouragement.
“Mr. Novak? Mr. Winchester?”
“I’m stating a fact,” Dean said, more seriously. “I would never mock or ridicule the LGBTQA community, or Mr. Novak, in any way. Nor would I lie to American citizens about my own preferences.”
Dean snatched up his phone and raced out of the bunker in search of Sam and Jack.
“He’s grown up in the wild,” Adam pointed out. “Which is more than can be said for you. He should still know how to do basic hunting and fighting like any wolf should – shifter or not.”
“Pike,” Michael said, cocking an eyebrow. He watched Raphael aim for the same fish that had just passed them. He missed by an inch.
“You’ll get over it,” Dean said coldly. “And after today, you’ll never have to see me again.”
“Meg lied,” huffed Adam as he closed his eyes and snuggled into the black and white ball of fluff.
He moaned quietly when one of Dean’s hands slid to his rear and rubbed teasing circles over it and he pushed closer, until he could feel all of Dean’s body against his own. Dean’s other hand joined the first and he gently rocked Castiel against him as his lips somehow made their way to his neck. Cas could feel the hard tent of Dean’s trousers as clearly as he could feel his own and he made sure to create some friction between them as Dean rocked him.
Dean paled and abruptly lost feeling in his legs. He collapsed to the ground as he continued to stare at the bite mark and he shook his head rapidly.
“I must smell disgusting to you,” Cas sighed as he closed his eyes, voice soft.
“Come on, Jack,” murmured Gabriel. “You’re on chaser with me.” He trotted through the trees, keeping one eye on the herd of white-tailed deer and one eye on Jack. The omega followed him obediently and when Gabriel crouched low to the ground, so did Jack.
“Tomorrow morning,” Castiel said as he glanced at the clock. “But he’s coming in this afternoon to get the initial paperwork finished. I’ll be talking him through it.”
Lucifer rolled his eyes. Every species of bird seemed to have disjointed or unusual speech patterns. If they weren’t speaking in riddles, most of what they said tended to be indecipherable anyway. Perhaps they had never quite fully evolved from dinosaurs…
“Does he sleep in my camp?”
Lucifer dropped behind them, ears flat and tail tucked. Venturing into the wild was supposed to provide an escape from all the insults and abuse everyone kept hurling at the Novaks – apparently that sentiment didn’t apply to Lucifer since his brothers were obviously intent on reminding him of exactly who and what he was.
Castiel wrinkled his nose. “I don’t really
at them.
“You deserve someone who’ll tell you how gorgeous you are, every day you’re together,” Dean whispered into the darkness and Castiel’s eyes widened as the wolf continued. “You deserve someone who’ll take you on a hundred dates and learn something new about you on every single one. You deserve someone who’ll show up at your work with hot coffee and pizza when you forget your lunch – and you won’t even have to ask. You deserve someone who’ll turn up at your door at midnight and leave you a tray of freshly-baked orange brownies – Gabriel said they were your favourite – and a rose, just because they were thinking about you.”
Castiel eyed him sternly. “Does he have an infection?”
Sam bit back a chuckle as Gabriel grinned. “I was. Screwed up my first hunt pretty badly. And my second. Lost everyone their meals.”
“No,” Dean said firmly, lifting his chin. “Why give us an out? Why not just wipe us from existence right now? Why wait?”
Michael grit his teeth. “He had a gun.”
The smile was quickly wiped from Chuck’s face, to be replaced by anger.
Castiel glanced at the anaesthetists and decided to remain silent. This was not a conversation to hold in front of curious humans.
From the corner of his eye, Cas spotted Dean stiffen. He elected to ignore it and when Sam nudged Gabriel reproachfully, he shook his head.
“Black bryony poisons all greedy wolves.”
“Look, trust me, I’m hardly their greatest fan. However, I can’t in good conscience leave someone to suffer in intense pain, knowing that they can’t even begin to help themselves. If those wounds get infected, he’s not going to last long and that’s if the shock doesn’t get to him first. I’m not asking you to take him back to camp, I’m just asking you to let me take a look at him.”
“I really liked some stuff,” Dean muttered, gaze not meeting Castiel’s as he reached for the lube.
Castiel stiffened as though he’d been struck. He noticed that Dean had thrown his trousers back on.
“If you have an old coat that has a couple of holes in it and you can’t buy a new one until Monday when the shops open, do you go out in the storm without a coat because you see no point in wearing something that’ll only keep you
“Wasn’t your fault,” Dean protested when Castiel tightened his grip on his arms. “Like I said, first time and all.”
“Don’t threaten him,” Gadreel warned. “The last alpha that did that became carrion for the crows.” He glanced at Michael’s broken left hindlimb and bandaged ribs. “Compared to him, you’d be nothing more than a warm-up.”
Castiel didn’t move, a tentative smile spreading across his face. “You… Really? You really mean that?”
Jack sat upright, looking even more startled. “You said I was an Omega though. I can’t get pregnant. Males can’t get pregnant.”
Chuck took a step towards Dean, eyes narrowed. He pointed an accusing finger at Dean. “That’s not true. I’m winning. You’ve lost
“Because you’re worth fighting for,” Dean murmured, brows drawing together sadly. “And I’m nervous and feeling a bit sick and I’ll probably make a hundred mistakes before I figure out how to do all of this… but you’re the only one I want to figure this out with. You’re the only one I want to figure this out
Dean bit his lip to muffle his laughter. That was the most adorable thing he had ever heard.
Castiel shook his head and closed the distance between them. He pressed his face into Gabriel’s chest, a quiet whine escaping his throat, and Gabriel tugged him closer and nuzzled his head.
“Most demons would snatch this opportunity.”
“I’ll serve drinks,” Castiel grated out.
He frowned at it in confusion, wondering why he had been woken up from eternal nothing.
“Dean? What are you doing? Dean!”
“You’re a flying fox!” Dean barked excitedly and Castiel blinked, surprised at the switch from telepathy to
Dean narrowed his eyes at the trio before turning and beginning to stalk away, but he paused when Gabriel piped up softly, “Thank you for giving them a chance, alpha.”
Castiel swallowed thickly at Dean’s willingness to humble himself to the nest for the sake of a vampire he had only known for two days. He squeezed Dean’s hand in appreciation and stifled his grin when Dean squeezed back.
“Dean.”
“Oh, I don’t have a choice.”
Dean rolled his eyes but his smile never once wavered as he fished around the fridge for a beer. Once he was settled on the couch again, he raised his bottle in a toast and imagined that Castiel had done the same. “To great planning and paparazzi vultures.”
“Sam,” Gabriel whined and Castiel’s attention shifted to the way the dragon was curled protectively over a now-human Sam, checking his wounds with a worried gaze.
“Thank you,” said a small voice to Michael’s right, startling him out of his thoughts.
Dean huffed a humourless laugh before cupping Castiel’s cheek and pressing their mouths together gently. Castiel made a startled sound and Dean pulled away.
As it turned out, it was just a barn. A musty, abandoned barn with rotted walls and structural hazards such as exposed rebars.
“The… the price was my life,” Castiel continued as Dean edged nearer, heart breaking for the angel in front of him. Why could Castiel never have what he wanted? What he deserved? “When I experienced a moment of true happiness, the Empty would be summoned and it would take me, forever.”
He couldn’t even look at the handprint on his jacket. It hurt far too much.
Adam frowned in confusion as the pack growled and barked at something slinking towards the front. His eyes widened when a male omega shifter stepped forwards, painted in coppers and blacks and various shades of browns that all seemed to mingle together to create a stunning coat too colourful to be natural. Adam had never seen fur so beautiful.
With a burst of courage, Dean leaned in to press his lips sweetly to Cas’. A second later, he pulled away and smiled softly at Cas’ shocked expression.
Cas seemed way more calm and collected now. He walked into the hallway and waited for Dean to decide what’s next.
Dean’s anger grew, but with it so did his determination.
“No,” Sam replied, “
“Yeah right,” Sam scoffed, “Don’t wanna push my luck here, but you guys
“That’s not what you said though,”
“It’s really not,” Cas said, but laughed too. Somewhere in the background Dean was stabbing Cas in the chest
“Cas?” Dean felt movement in the lock and kept trying, “Cas, look at me! Cas?”
"Dean…," Rowena looked and sounded as if she was talking to a child. Dean wanted to get annoyed at her, but he still saw unconscious Cas with his side vision and the fear he had for him drowned all other possible emotions, "If you go there, you will see all Castiel's deepest, darkest secrets. His regrets, what he is embarrassed of. You will not have the time to freak out, you will have to act quickly. Are you sure you can do it?"
“Nothing has to change,” he said
“Well, you won’t interpret them for me, so I do what I can,”
"He's not an angel anymore, you know? He's human," Dean said, as if that was his personal mistake.
Cas said to Lucifer, holding on to the last bits of his dignity
Cas was dying and it wasn't a wound, it wasn't a gunshot, it was nothing that any human hospital could fix and as far as Dean knew, no one came up with healing centers for ex-angels hit with a deadly witch curse.
“I thought Cas couldn’t...feel and express emotions the way humans do when he was an angel, but...man I was wrong,” Dean sighed
She was standing in the corner of the room, a warehouse actually, Cas by her side. His blade, his clothes, his face - all were covered in splashes of blood. The angel somehow looked simultaneously scared and numb. Dean couldn’t see him like that. Dean couldn’t look away.
Dean started losing his patience.
Dean asked
Cas wouldn’t leave like that, right?
with a wink and an excited smile, Dean walked away towards the waitress.
It was like a spike, like a white hot arrow right into his heart. Dean fell on his knees, touching his unharmed chest. For a second he thought he was reliving what he was doing during that moment - bleeding out from getting stabbed in the chest, but the pain was different. It was Cas’s loss, his grief and Dean felt it. Felt every bit of it.
“Dean, I have to explain what happened in the previous memory,”
“What the hell are you doing here?” Cas asked him, “Were you cursed too?”
“I kind of lied to you,” he said
"Then you know that I wasn't,"
he asked and then laughed,
“There is no way that’s true,” Eileen laughed until she needed a moment to stop and take a breath
“I didn’t have any right, nor do I now, to feel any jealousy. You are free to do whatever you want, Dean. And be with whomever you want,” Cas said and there was no sarcasm in his voice, though Dean almost wished there was some.
Dean didn’t want to tell him. So he didn’t.
“The memory’s not over, they’re gonna be locked,” Dean said, but Cas didn’t listen. He tried every door and when he ran out, he started the second round.
“If you wanted to do Christmas, you should have told me,” Dean said, earning an eye-roll from Cas.
“You can’t be serious,” he said, smiling, “Taylor Swift ‘reputation’,” he read and then turned the gift in his hands, “Wait, it’s signed?”
“Look, the rattling, the doors, the lights going off. Were you trying to impress me or something?” Dean wiggled his eyebrows and finally got a chuckle out of Cas.
“We watched that movie like 5 times, at least,” Dean said, as they turned it on. The armchair was empty now, but neither of them even thought of getting on it.
Dean stood there, in front of Cas, with his heart going insane in his chest.
“Rowena put you in my head,” Dean nodded, “And you were hopping through my memories trying to find me,” Dean nodded again, a bit more reluctant. Cas didn’t seem too pleased.
“Well, it’s my decision to make,” Cas answered, “I’m not even sure why the curse showed that memory as the worst, I...I’m over it now,”
“And then?” Cas asked finally
“Your hair is getting gray,” Cas said in response and ran his finger through Dean’s in fact graying hair, but the reminder of his age didn’t make Dean mad. He chuckled and nodded.
His hands shaked slightly as he raised them to cup Cas’s face. His skin was soft and warm. Dean tried to remember every little thing about this moment.
“I just wanted to say thank you,” Castiel said softly as he slid his hands into his pockets so they wouldn’t fidget. “For the watch. That was very thoughtful.” He dropped his gaze. “And far more than I deserve.”
Gadreel shifted uncomfortably and Balthazar nuzzled his cheek as Hannah lifted her chin. “He’s not our mate
“I can do the paperwork later,” Castiel protested.
Raphael yelled as he stood. He glared at his brothers’ surprised faces and tossed the bag of peas at Michael with enough force to startle him.
“Your status would be elevated above the majority of servants within the palace,” the prince says evenly. “Your tasks would take high priority and you would be granted great respect from demons and angels alike.”
The vampire startled and whipped his head around.
“Exactly. I already think you’re awesome after having known you for a handful of hours. Not many vamps can do that. There’s something different about you, Cas. You’re special.”
One of Dean’s hands settled on his cheek as the other rubbed slow circles into his waist and he continued to pepper kisses over Castiel’s lightly-stubbled jaw. Castiel’s chest suddenly tightened with overwhelming emotion and he claimed Dean’s lips wordlessly.
It’s quite adorable and Sam’s irritation melts away at the angel’s quiet snores.
“Okay, look. At sixteen, you aren’t mature enough to think clearly about your own future, much less the future of an entire country. Heck, I would argue that you don’t really look into what you’re voting for until at least your twenties. Economics, legislation, and military issues aren’t exactly priorities in the teenage mind. So no, I think the voting age should stay as it is,” shrugged Dean.
*           *           *
(See the end of the chapter for
“…Yes.”
“Only because civilised culture has made it so,” Raphael whispered as a sense of safety crept up on him. “Nobody complained when we were fighting our way through that snow in the wild. We could lie beside one another then without people deeming us weak and un-alpha-like. Why should it be any different here?”
Dean scrabbled away from the table and Lucifer frowned in confusion as Castiel cursed.
Sam’s lips quirked at the edges. “Soft tissue is boring and emergency care’s far too stressful. Besides, I
“Dean,” he practically purred, all low and gravelly just like Castiel’s own voice. The hunter gulped subtly and raised an eyebrow in query as ‘Cas’ approached. Lucifer finally came to a halt at the side of the table, barely two metres from where Dean was sitting.
Benny offered him a dubious glance before shaking his head. “Perhaps you should talk to him? Patch things over a little between you both? If you don’t, not only will it distract you at the debates, it’s gonna eat at you later if you don’t find some sort of resolution.”
Everything was perfect.
Raphael startled, slamming his knee into his desk and hissing in pain. He glanced up at Michael, wondering how long his brother had been standing in the doorway watching him stare solemnly at a small crack in the wall.
Castiel rolled his eyes good-naturedly but cocked a curious eyebrow when Dean revealed the slim box of luxury chocolates he had hidden behind his back during his entrance. The crowd expressed their approval as Dean placed the box on Castiel’s stand with a wink.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “I shall have to invite him around for dinner, then. Preferably when my nest is ruining someone else’s house.”
Surprise filtered over Lucifer and Raphael’s faces and they edged towards their older brother as a quiet whine slipped out of Michael’s throat. He lay down, hoping to ease his thrashing stomach.
with me.”
Gabriel crossed his arms with a knowing smirk as he raked his gaze over Dean and Castiel. “So…” he began, “am I right to congratulate you both for pulling your heads out of your asses?”
Gadreel blinked as he attempted to wrap his brain around Jack’s line of thought. He eventually gave up and shook his head exasperatedly. “No, I’m not planning to challenge Dean and he isn’t the only one who’s allowed to take a mate. We were out here because sex is… private. We didn’t want anyone spying on us.” He eyed Jack pointedly.
There was the sound of a lock sliding open and the door opened a crack to reveal Cas’ exhausted face. He was clearly distraught and Dean’s chest tightened at the knowledge that he’d caused that expression. He held the clothes out like an olive branch and nearly gagged when he got a whiff of Castiel’s distressed scent. It reminded Dean of rotting food and he choked down a whine because
Dean rolled his eyes. “Dude, he has a boyfriend.”
“He’s… easy on the eyes,” Castiel allowed, chuckling as Lisa beamed. “He starts on Neuro with me, so maybe you should drop by and see him? Possibly whilst pretending to do your job?”
“Ask him.”
“Condolences on your election defeat, Mr. Novak,” she said and she sounded as though she might have meant it; perhaps she had voted for him? He smiled in acknowledgement.
He flicked his gaze to Sam and found his brother staring morosely into space. “What? What’s wrong?”
“We just have to get through a few weeks. As soon as they’re healed, we can chase them off. For now though…” He turned to Castiel with an apologetic frown. “Cas, I’m sorry, but I have to treat them like pack members. I’ve invited them in; I can’t be cruel to them.”
“Dean,
Lucifer snickered and Castiel realised he’d been watching his thoughts play through his mind like a trip to the movies. The little snake had even snapped up a bowl of popcorn.
The first doe fell and one of the bucks called out in fury. It twisted back around and lowered its antlers as it aimed for a golden wolf with a floppy ear.
“This evening, I would like to take some time to remember days of old,” Chuck said fondly. “To remember our great grandparents and their great grandparents, and all those people who made it possible for us to sit here together today. They fought in great wars for us and suffered through famine. They faced vicious hunters and mindless werewolves to protect our way of our life; to give us peace and wealth in this modern world. Without the generations before us, we would not be where we are now.”
Lucifer raised his right paw. “Then I, Lucifer Novak, hereby swear to be kind to my youngest brothers, follow any instructions given by the Winchester brothers, and I promise never to harm my only nephew; Samandriel Novak. I swear to protect him in the hopes that he and his friend – Ben…” He paused and glanced at Ben.
“That’s really messed up,” Gabriel whispered so loudly to Castiel that the entire pack heard him.
He pressed his nose into Dean’s neck. He smelled like home and Castiel wanted more.
Dean brightened. “Meyers?”
Instead, he smiled at his boyfriend. “You can still call me. Just because we can’t physically see each other doesn’t mean that we can’t keep in touch.”
There was a horrendous wet noise behind Dean and he turned slowly, already guessing what he was about to see despite never having come into contact with the Empty before. Before he even got a chance to take in the sight of black goo oozing out of the wall, Billie kicked the door open with a furious glower.
“I like the dark. Means I don’t have to stare at all the
“Harm a single human in this hospital, and I’ll tear your throat out
Karen stormed out of the hospital, cat carrier swinging in her grip.
He turned up the radio and bobbed along to Led Zeppelin’s
“Thank you,” Castiel said sincerely as he brushed his fingers down Dean’s cheek. “For everything.”
From across the camp, Gabriel flashed Dean a devilish smirk and Dean groaned under his breath as the golden alpha trotted towards him, Sam biting back laughter by his side.
“You’re… certain?” Castiel asked slowly. “I realise that my timing was… suboptimal.”
Michael winced at the reminder of the man who had kicked him out of his family and had refused to offer him even a single phone call in the past two years. So much for love and loyalty.
Gabriel trying to herd him into trees was not.
gun owners you’re referring to shouldn’t be too affected by a few background checks, psych tests, and firearms training. They should all pass with flying colours, right?”
“Oh? What makes your ideologies more achievable than Mr. Novak’s?”
He could hear Castiel’s smile and he pumped the air victoriously despite his lack of audience. Cas was safe.
“I’d rather stick my head in a blender,” Castiel hissed.
Castiel and Dean had never ripped themselves away from each other so quickly. They cast their wide gazes to Jack as they fought to catch their breath and willed their rather prominent erections to wilt. They sat down in unison and made a poor effort of hiding their shame.
Jack cracked an eye open and gazed at the beta curiously as Adam continued to dry his tears.
Adam was cut off as Jack pounced. They slammed into the floor and Jack nipped at his tail. It didn’t hurt, but the shock was enough to make Adam yelp and a snarl tore from his throat before he snapped at Jack’s leg in a desperate attempt to scare him away. Jack grunted and twisted until he could close his jaws around Adam’s ear with a deep growl.
means.”
As Bobby scratched idly at his ear, Adam began to make his way over. The old alpha had promised him an embarrassing story of Sam and Dean as pups and Adam was not about to let that opportunity slip away. He loved teasing his brothers and since he hadn’t been around for most of their lives, he had a lot of teasing to make up for.
Castiel placed a hand on his chest and, to Dean’s dismay, the itch flared stronger. “The toast is awful and you’ll hate it. Now, why are you so embarrassed at me saying you smell nice?” He was grinning wider now, corners of his eyes crinkling with joy, and Dean’s mouth dried in a way that was entirely unrelated to the itch.
“Yes, you do,” he said stubbornly. “You wanted to kill me. You wanted to hurt Dad.” The scowl evaporated to be replaced with a lost, sad expression. “I don’t understand,” he mumbled. “What did I do wrong?”
. He stilled beneath the smaller alpha, eyes wide with astonishment and cheeks burning with shame as more pack members began to giggle and grin.
“You might be,” Dean hummed as he wandered to the fridge. “Pancakes or waffles? What’s the vote?”
“Don’t you have a nest to spend the holidays with?” Sam blurted.
Dean shook his head incredulously. “And where are you going to conjure all those subsidies from?”
over a box of evidence? The police were utterly incompetent.
in his jacket.”
“I’d swallow every. Last. Drop,” Castiel purred, punctuating each word with a firm squeeze of Dean’s crotch as he tightened his grip a little on his rival’s neck. Dean’s head tipped backwards, a broken groan falling from his lips. No one had ever touched him like this before – he had never let them, yet he found himself craving the new sensations if it was Castiel who delivered them
. He was at
He paused as he curled his fingers around the handle and he smiled to himself, refusing to look back at Castiel.
“It’s good to see you, Gabriel. I’ll never forgive myself for what I did, but I’m so happy that you’re alive.”
He had died. Again.
it because it means you’re unpredictable and that means that you’re a threat to my campaign… but I
such as yourself. I don’t want a single one of them alone in a room with you.”
Warnings at bottom
. “I’d yell at you for being careless if it wasn’t so hilarious.”
Dean cocked an eyebrow. “A hunt?”
Predictably, Dean played right into the beast’s paws.
He locked the door immediately and gripped the sink for support, staring at himself in the mirror angrily. He felt sick and heartbroken and embarrassed and furious all at once. He wanted Dean out of his house. He wanted his family to never contact him again. He wanted to punch something.
Dean stood and pulled Cas to his feet before smiling at Sam. “I like apple pie
“If I wanted easy, I would’ve asked for a different mentor on my first day,” Sam retorted. “However, I’ve always enjoyed a challenge, even when my teachers despise me.”
“I don’t want the position,” Sam says simply. “So, I wouldn’t be very good at it.”
Understood?”
Dean slid Castiel’s sleeve down and felt himself slump at the canvas of ugly black and purple marks. He brushed his fingers over the largest one and Castiel staggered backwards and held the arm protectively to his chest as he glared furiously at Dean.
“You’re really soft,” Dean grinned, tongue lolling out of one side of his mouth as he straightened.
Chuck stared at him with wide eyes as he held his head a little higher and followed the Winchesters.
Sam furrows his brows thoughtfully as his brother saunters away. Perhaps he should follow Dean’s lead so there’s little chance of him having to converse with royalty? Then again, would conversing with royalty be so bad? Sure, they might look down on him for being an alpha demon but they probably look down on everyone, right? He pulls a face. He doesn’t need that sort of stress in his life right now – he’s only just come out of a firm where angels sneered at him all day and he has no desire to jump into the same situation combined with royal angels.
Cas stirred as Dean supported him and an adorable frown creased his brows. Dean clamped his mouth shut and dragged Cas towards the door.
Castiel never broke eye contact as he unfastened his trousers and slid them off. Dean was on him immediately with the cloth; down his legs, to his ankles and back up to the insides of his thighs. Castiel squirmed as icy cold sank into the sensitive, bruised flesh of his thighs and crotch. They kissed and licked inside one another’s mouths and Castiel’s eyes fluttered closed when the cloth crept beneath the waistband of his underwear and settled over his twitching length. A soft groan escaped his throat and Dean swallowed it greedily.
know about
Sam’s eyes bulged and Castiel elbowed the dragon reproachfully before flicking a soothing gaze to Sam. “He won’t harm you. He’s just an ass.”
“Hm?” He grunted.
Dean choked a little on his turkey as Castiel sent Gabriel a thin smile. “Imagine that.”
“And sleeping with me? Was that part of the act?” Castiel asked bitterly.
“Look who's talking!” Castiel seethed. “This whole nest is a disgrace. Nothing but a bunch of murderers and sadists! You’re cruel and violent and Grandfather would be rolling in his grave if he could see what his son had grown into.”
So, he flew to Dean with a warm grin and a heart filled with love, and he watched Dean startle at his approach.
A smile tugged at Novak’s lips and he shook Dean’s hand firmly. “Then you may call me Castiel.”
Benny chuckled and offered Dean an unnerving grin. “Hear me out, Dean. You need to show the voters that you’re a relatable guy. You need to show them that you’re human, like they are, and that you have a personality outside of politics. Now, Republicans don’t have the best reputation for their campaign personas, but maybe you can change that. Maybe you can show voters that you can be fun and witty without feeling the need to degrade and humiliate your opponent. Flirt with Novak a little, catch him off-guard and make sure you question his policies, not his character.”
“Don’t tell me this place has a valet service,” groaned Dean. “Sam, this really isn’t the sort of party I fit into.”
Sam’s gaze softened in understanding. So
As the sounds of their brother’s unfortunate situation reached their ears, Raphael and Lucifer grimaced and averted their gazes.
Gabriel nodded; head lowered respectfully. “I’ll take full responsibility of them. One wrong move and you can throw them out on their asses. Heck, you can throw me out on my ass too. Please, Dean. Give them a chance – like you did for me.”
“Winchester,” Wyles acknowledges before gesturing him into his office. The old, beta angel sits and pushes his spectacles further up his nose as he squints at his computer screen. “You’ve always been a competent assistant. I’ll be sorry to see you go.”
“Mr. Novak, did Mr. Winchester force himself onto you?”
Was he unloading an elephant?
Castiel shot him an unfriendly glare and Gabriel’s smile wavered as he returned to his meal.
He would repopulate Heaven with Angels who adored humanity and he would steal Castiel back from The Empty because the kid couldn’t stand the thought of leaving his ‘father’ in such a desolate place.
“When were you going to reveal your relationship to the public?”
Fury raced through Dean’s veins at the hurt in Castiel’s tone and the intensity of his own reaction made Dean frown in surprise.
, Castiel thought,
“I don’t want polite and respectful. I want honest and loyal. Someone who won’t pretend they can’t hear me if I beg and scream for help.” He fixes Sam with a piercing gaze. “Can you do that for me, Winchester?”
“All right, let’s go home,” John said, tail swishing lightly as he rounded everyone up and led them out of the wood.
“Mostly okay,” Jack replied as he stood, keeping his head low. “Except for when they decided that they didn’t want to play and ganged up on me. They could bite really hard.”
“So, you want to enforce a law that doesn’t affect you? You want to take people’s only protection away because you’ve been
“Except those particular tables would never be turned,” snapped Jody, “because we would never set out to kill a pup and bring two of our family members home in order to beat them half to death and force them to mate someone who would treat them cruelly.”
Sam didn’t notice.
“I loved you!” Castiel shouted desperately. “I loved you and you started a family with someone else and
Castiel floundered and Dean enjoyed every second of wide-eyed staring. Then Castiel cleared his throat loudly and set his half-finished beer on the bar top.
“I can’t imagine being an Omega for a pack like that,” Castiel said, shaking his head and leaning into Dean instinctively. “I hope they didn’t hurt Jack. Didn’t Adam say he had been an Omega for them at one point?”
“Where do your clothes go when you do this?” Castiel asked curiously.
Castiel felt as though he would melt into a contented pile of goo at Dean’s feet. He crushed their lips together and Dean held onto him tightly until they were forced to part for air.
“Because,” began Gabriel solemnly, “I don’t want you ever thinking that you aren’t enough to keep me happy. You’re more than enough and you mean the world to me.”
“Both,” Dean said honestly, because what was the point in lying when everyone already suspected it?
“Why am I not surprised that you’re a raging homophobe?” Balthazar bit out, gathering enough courage to raise his head, but not quite enough to leave Gadreel’s side.
“Screw you, Dean,” snarled Castiel viciously as he kicked at the locked door. It rattled in agreement against its frame.
“My parents’ house isn’t a grotty little apartment either,” Castiel griped. “It’s an eight-bedroomed house with an indoor spa – very contemporary and very expensive. And my sister? She owns one of those penthouse suites in LA. I don’t understand what they want this old place for… It isn’t as though they spent much time here with Grandfather.”
“Would you like a coffee?” asked Raphael as he popped his head outside. Michael would have to talk to him about eavesdropping.
The vampire shook his head and loaded more prawns onto his plate. “Wolfsbane. Mother grates the petals over the top of the cake to give colour. Vampires are immune to its toxins.”
“Stop protecting him!” Dean snapped as one of the beefy sharks stretched a hand towards him. “Lucifer did that to you! Just like all those other times!”
. “I’ll give you a five second head-start before I rip you to pieces.”
“Sam managed to grab a bottle of fresh blood from the abattoir,” Mary explained and Castiel nearly broke down at their consideration.
“Forgive me,” murmurs Sam, dropping his eyes once more.
you have to do what Dean and uncle Sam say – they’re just trying to take care of us all, but they can’t do that if you fight them all the time.” He pulled a face. “I suppose you can still hate me if you want, but I’d prefer it if you didn’t. I think it would be better if we could be friends."
It wasn’t when he was yanked out of The Empty, only to witness Dean being impaled on a rebar.
“Thank you,” Castiel grumbled before turning away from his older brother.
Michael slid down the bank and cautiously made his way to the rocks, screwing his face up as the violent waters sprayed a fine mist over his face.
in front of him.
He had made out that he was thrilled with the outcome in front of Sam, but the smile didn’t quite reach his eyes and he was pretty sure that his little brother had noticed and was just polite enough to not mention it.
Dean held the Democrat a fraction tighter and peppered kisses over his neck, a small part of him hoping that Castiel would change his mind about leaving. Castiel gave an approving whimper as he tilted his head back, allowing his rival better access to his throat. His fingers tangled into Dean’s hair as the Republican’s teeth scraped over his throat.
No, no,
Adam’s gaze softened as Jack curled into him once more, smelling a lot happier than he had a few minutes ago. He watched the omega’s eyes slide shut as he basked in the warm sunshine and he glanced around them for a few seconds before concluding that they were both safe and alone for the moment. He tucked Jack’s head into his chest and closed his own eyes, joining his new friend in a mid-afternoon nap.
“Yes,” Dean panted. “Please.”
Cautiously, Adam sat beside the younger wolf. “It’s not that difficult. You’ll get it.”
Adam smiled. “The task was to find one. You did that. Don’t worry about catching one just yet – remember, the girls have had nearly a year of practice at this.”
Dean’s brows pinched downwards with concern. There was too much uncertainty with the plan; too many opportunities for Castiel to get hurt. He watched Castiel grab his jacket and he crept up on the Democrat and slipped his hand into his pocket. Castiel whirled on him, a protest on his lips when Dean snatched his phone.
“Could you… could you look away?” Castiel asked, cheeks tinged pink with shame.
Castiel seemed extremely confused now, since he was no bigger than the average male. Still, he draped himself over Dean’s back and wrapped him in a protective hold and slowly began to rock inside him. After a few breathy grunts, Dean began quietened and his eyes closed as Castiel painted his neck in kisses.
“Still a pup, really,” agreed Sam.
Don't worry - the poetry is restricted to the prologue only!
Novak hesitated for a fraction of a second before finally turning to Dean. “Pensions, self-employment, and zero-hour contracts can all be policed and placed within an income bracket.”
A few bystanders glanced at him in surprise but when the fourth shot shattered a car window, they yelled and fled in panic. Castiel skidded around a corner and pushed himself faster when he heard a set of footsteps matching his pace. He swung himself around the next corner and nearly sobbed in relief when he spotted a police car at the end of the road; its driver leisurely writing a ticket for a car that was perched in front of a fire hydrant.
like you.”
The repairman – a scruffy, rotund alpha with skin as tough as leather – chewed his gum as though imitating a particularly bored cow, spat on the grass, and lifted his chin. “Eight hundred.”
Jack merely blinked.
He braced for the claw that slashed through his muzzle.
“Well,” drawled Balthazar, “a few of you looked rather shocked when you realised that I wasn’t dead. And there was that whole fight with Gadreel when I thought he was attacking my mate, and then again when I got very jealous and thought Gadreel was trying to steal Hannah from me…”
“Stare any harder at it and it might jump off the wall and strangle you.”
“Are we still talking about the election?”
, but you’ve been so kind to me… so selfless… I let myself imagine that we could have each other even though I knew it would hurt us both afterwards. If anyone was selfish, I was. You told me from the beginning that you liked me and I… I encouraged it. I’m sorry, Dean.”
“No.”
“Because Gabriel’s taking the spare room,” Castiel pointed out.
“Incomplete,” Castiel admitted. “There are parts of me that are… missing. Memories, emotions, limb function. It’s like I’m… moving underwater after waking from a deep sleep. I can’t quite… reach everything I need and thinking about it all
His mother looked ill and she closed her eyes in defeat. “Your grandparents would be rolling in their graves if they could see you now, Castiel. You used to be such a wonderful child and now you do nothing but bring us shame. Fine, soil my ball with the stench of wet dog. Do whatever you like, Castiel. I can’t stop you.”
“You were hurt from being abandoned and overwhelmed when everyone looked to you for leadership. This time you’ll have your favourite human to keep you grounded.”
Lucifer frowned in confusion as both betas slunk over with wary gazes. Suddenly, Dean snarled down his ear, “Apologise.”
of us. We weren’t only ruthless when it came to business, we were ruthless in everything we did. Castiel ran away because of
“It’s just a hunting lesson. We won’t even bring anything back,” Adam said, bemused.
“I need to go,” Castiel said quietly, apologetically.
“I was mayor of Lawrence, Kansas,” Dean said defensively. “I’m not a total novice. I know how this stuff works.”
“Hold up,” he scowled, genuinely irritated. “Are you condemning me for coming out as bi or is that Democrat speak for you think that I’m lying?”
She startled when a warning growl burst out of Gadreel’s chest and she tore away from Balthazar, snapping her surprised gaze to the older alpha.
“Bit of a hypocrite aren’t you, Winchester?” the prince sneers in between sips of coffee. “You complained at me for not giving you eye contact during our last conversation."
“Yeah, get up, lazy bones. Those rabbits won’t wait around,” Alex chipped in.
“Because, I don’t want you drinking at this party and then trying to take the car for a joyride at three in the morning. The last thing I need right now is you getting into a crash at my friend’s party,” Sam huffed in a way that suggested he was hiding something.
“He thinks I’m gonna attack him,” sighed Dean. “Jody, can you clean him up? I’ve made a mess of that wound on his left side.”
. Man, you have
“I can wait.”
Castiel groaned as Dean blinked, eyes wide (and possibly a little disturbed).
The next morning, Dean awoke to find himself still wrapped around Castiel. He stared at Cas in surprise for a moment and tried to recall what had led to him cuddling up to the vampire last night.
Castiel continued to stare at Dean with his mouth slightly agape. There was another ominous
Castiel said lowly, confidence budding.
“…You would change your policy just like that?” Castiel managed.
“As long as you don’t feel like I’m ruining your life,” Dean quipped.
come out at dawn and dusk. Rabbits are lazy too, you know,” grumbled Adam. “Some come out in the daytime.” He grabbed the first available pup and arranged them into a pillow. He smiled at Samandriel’s amused scent. Out of all the pups, Samandriel made the best pillow – he wriggled less.
Alex and Claire nodded slowly as their minds raced.
“Shut up,” snarled Dean as he shoved at Castiel’s chest. He couldn’t tell whether he wanted to punch something or vomit. His mind was swirling with too many emotions to identify and watching Castiel get riled up wasn’t helping. They glared at one another, knuckles blanched and breaths coming heavier the longer their argument continued and Dean wasn’t entirely sure what they were trying to prove to one another, but he had to
for help, had an affair with him, and stormed out of the final debate, yet you don’t seem to care about any of that!”
I wouldn’t spit on him if he were on fire.”
Dean deflated as Cas smiled fondly at Sam.
“You love that you’ve hurt me,” Castiel retorted viciously. “You’ve taken what you wanted and you’re relishing the fact that you’ve broken me. You’re
“Wait, Cas,” Dean protested. “Don’t… We can still be friends, y’know?”
Out of all his brothers and sisters, he had been chosen for a very important mission. Under The Master’s orders, he was to protect the Winchesters and the Angel Castiel from all the monsters left on Earth, and he was to do so without revealing his true nature.
Dean scuttled backwards, gazing intently at the vampire as Cas gracefully rose to his feet.
Sam balked, clearly desperate to ask questions, but Dean was developing a rather large headache and he rubbed at the bridge of his nose tiredly. “Whatever. All I know is I’m sick of watching Cas die and Jack become part of the
“I’m the mozzarella,” Castiel said solemnly before bowing slightly and dragging Dean to his room. He paused when he realised that he didn’t know where Dean’s room was, but the werewolf quickly took over and led him to the correct door.
The pups looked at one another helplessly and Adam’s stomach began to sink. Had Jack been with timber wolves all of his life? Had he never had contact with any shifters? Where were his parents?
Sam does and the prince crosses his arms. “Do you want to know why I chose you?”
Then, Castiel’s expression changed and he slowly returned his gaze to Dean. “Wait, there is… there’s one thing she’s afraid of. There’s one thing strong enough to stop her.”
“Amara,” Dean whispered before smirking. “She’s holding you back, isn’t she?”
you can be a male omega with both a uterus and a knotless penis. It’s just how shifters work, got it?”
me to let you die?” Dean snapped. “Did you
There was no response and Sam’s head lolled to one side when Dean cradled it.
Castiel glanced at the clock. It was one a.m. and he should have probably said no, but both Dean and John were giving him hopeful looks, so how could he refuse? He nodded and Dean’s expression brightened.
Dean hesitated a moment, thinking rapidly. “My response, Mr. Novak, is that although Sam has differing opinions to me regarding politics, he isn’t the one standing on this stage and
“Still,” hummed Mary, “it wasn’t necessary.”
Samandriel’s gaze softened. “Nightmare?”
“I love you,” said Castiel.
“Are you calling me boring, Dean?” Castiel grinned, gaze beginning to sparkle just a fraction.
“I think he means he’s sleeping in the same bed as Sam,” Castiel said slowly, although he wasn’t certain.
Eyebrows shooting upwards, Michael slid off the desk. “I was actually hoping to…” Whatever he had been about to say instantly died in his throat when he caught sight of the broken plea in Lucifer’s gaze.
“I’m onto you,” he whispered before standing and heading into the kitchen for a strong coffee.
He had saved Dean by doing so and for a brief moment, he had experienced true happiness. He had confessed his feelings to Dean and sacrificed himself for the man he…
Castiel cursed under his breath at the images that came to mind and he parted his legs perhaps a little too eagerly. Dean didn’t seem to mind though and within a few seconds, two cold fingers were buried inside Castiel. Castiel groaned and jerked his hips and Dean claimed his mouth with a possessiveness he hadn’t anticipated.
“Cas?” he breathed before a dimpled smile stretched over his face. “Cas!”
Dean whirled to face the source of the noise and he felt Castiel clutch at him. Whomever had fired the gun must have known when the wolf had been released, in which case, they would be aware of the location of the release box.
“You’re going to reveal it all at the debate on Tuesday and I’ll lose the election because I was soft and stupid and
ball?”
. Dean quickly stopped protesting and begged Benny to delete the internet instead.
Castiel backed away as though struck. “No, I… I should be the one to apologise. I… I shouldn’t have assumed…” His tongue grew thick in his mouth and the words died before they reached his lips. It suddenly made sense why Dean hadn’t sought him out in this place.
. As usual, my protests went ignored and suddenly, I’ve got the whole family
Dean mourned his forgotten glasses and squinted at the screen. “Am I a funny meme?”
Chuck snarled, slamming a hand on the table. He jabbed an accusing finger between Dean’s eyes. “You are not welcome in this house, dog. You aren’t welcome anywhere near our nest. I want you out, right now!”
Castiel turned to Dean, slow and confident and his gaze wandered over Dean’s figure with mild disinterest. Dean found himself on the edge of his seat, waiting for an answer.
“The palace doesn’t make mistakes like that,” Dean snorts. “Congratulations.”
“Oh,” he whispered as he looked at Dean, grief-stricken. “Do you know about…?”
“Because you’re definitely mine,” Dean grinned as he shot the other man a cheeky wink and pretended that hundreds of Republican voters hadn’t just lovingly started penning death threats.
with you.”
Michael clenched his fists and glowered at his brother. “As if you could do better. You can’t even beat me in a fight.”
“So, you’d continue to allow universities to charge however much they like for courses that keep post-graduates unemployed? Or perhaps it’s more a case of you wanting to widen the gap between the working class and the elite? Only a select few who can afford college should be educated; is that your thinking?” Castiel fired back, gaze narrowed and full of accusation.
Raphael wasn’t sure. However, he did know that he didn’t like Gabriel referring to the Winchesters as his
“You’re a werewolf,” Castiel said lowly, warningly.
“Where is he?” Michael asked, not bothering to conceal the panic in his voice.
A moment of silence passed before Alex’s brows furrowed. “That was the weirdest thing I’ve ever seen.”
“Yeah,” mumbled Dean as he drew idle patterns into the snow with a finger. “I guess.”
Dean pumped himself harder at the plea and squeezed his own throat like he imagined Castiel would. “We watch one another and I think how beautiful you are. You’re stunning like this and I love how we cling to one another. I love how strong you are and I groan as you tighten your fingers around my throat. I fist your hair and claim your mouth and I feel you fight against me.”
Scooby perked up and stood, eyes twinkling with excitement as his tail beat Castiel’s face repeatedly.
“In your hypothetical, fake-dating prank,” Sam amended solemnly in a way that said he definitely wasn’t speaking hypothetically.
There was a knock at the door and Sam made a happy noise before darting off.
Suddenly, something pounced on his back, a low growl by his ear as claws grazed his sides. He stumbled and snarled sharply as he whipped around and snapped at the face of his brazen attacker.
Balthazar pouted like a child who knew that he was in the wrong but was determined to argue why drawing on the family dog in permanent marker was a good idea. “And what if he drops you like filth now that he’s won the election you so carelessly threw away?” he sneered. “What if that was his plan all along? To play hero for the press? What if it turns out that he doesn’t really care about you?”
Dean cursed, sweat collecting at the nape of his neck.
Castiel smiled but said nothing more, as though he already knew that the ballots would prove him correct in November. He seemed at peace with the idea.
The nausea calmed and Dean exhaled heavily as he gazed into blue eyes. “I’m sorry.”
“You deserve someone who won’t just do anything, but
A startled sound tore from Lucifer’s throat as Dean latched onto his scruff and shook him roughly. There was very little pain other than the dull ache of where Dean’s teeth contacted his skin, but the shock of the action made Lucifer whine and his first instinct was to crouch into a ball and make himself smaller. His second instinct was to claw at Dean’s face.
Dean set to work again, smiling weakly when Castiel sat cross-legged beside the car, watching him silently. They did this sometimes and Dean allowed himself to enjoy the moment, because today had been rough without Sam. He was grateful for his angel, even if he didn’t have the energy to say it.
“I don’t believe this,” Balthazar said incredulously. “You lost an election in one week because you were stupid enough to go to your
“I begged for your help because I felt safe with you,” growled Castiel lowly as Dean pressed up against him. “But now I see who you really are. I know what kind of monster you are. I’ll make sure you
“Only because they think you’re mean,” shrugged Ben. “But if you talk to them, they’ll see that you’re not that bad.”
Lucifer’s mouth turned downwards. “He’s got Novak blood in his veins – the blood of your enemies.”
Oh, wait.
scent…
“The best,” Dean stated proudly.
“Stop being childish and just think about this,” Bartholomew hissed. “I don’t care who you sleep with when we’re married as long as you’re discreet about it. You get your parents’ approval and I get their money. It’s a win-win situation.” He smirked as his eyes dropped to Castiel’s lips. “And, you know… I wasn’t lying when I said that the sex was good. Surely we could come to some sort of arrangement…?”
Sam looked more concerned than he remembered and once again, Dean ignored the pitying looks and tried not to think too hard about Castiel as he settled down with his assortment of pies.
They were alone, beside a gently-flowing creek, surrounded by tall pines and grassland, and Dean was perched in a camping chair, a fishing rod bobbing gently in his hands.
Isn't Samandriel adorable? ;)
They bounded onto the drive, heading towards the small graveyard and faster than they could register, there were bright lights in their eyes and the rumble of an engine far too close to their ears. They turned to the right with wide eyes and came face-to-face with a large, black Ford that had been masked by the darkness surrounding it.
“Yes,” he said firmly, so there would be no more misunderstandings between them. He held Castiel’s hand tighter. “I must really suck at showing it if you don’t believe me.”
She whirls on her heel and Sam manages to snap out of his shocked staring long enough to call after her. “Wait! Shouldn’t I have an induction or something?”
Dean’s smirk faded as an idle thought poked at his mind. “So, if I win the debate, would you…?” He didn’t finish the question, but he didn’t need to because Castiel wouldn’t meet his gaze. That was okay though, because Dean knew how much the Democratic Party meant to Castiel.
you, brother.”
When he next glanced at Bartholomew, his ex had vacated the seat.
“You waited until after the primaries to make this announcement,” said Novak quietly, sounding like a disappointed parent. Dean swivelled to face him, shocked that the other leader had spoken at all. Also, why did he feel like a naughty child whenever Novak addressed him? It was very disconcerting.
“Name, demon,” Zachariah sneers.
“Well, it’s true,” huffed Adam. “We all know it. And, considering he’s just attacked me, he should know it too.”
Sam licked his lips as they passed between extravagant fountains and… headstones? Dean balked at a statue of a stern-looking Victorian-era woman, a heavy stone cape slung around her shoulders.
And waited.
Castiel heard his footsteps draw nearer and he crawled towards the opposite side of the table, heart hammering against his rib cage. He could see the muscular security guards hovering worriedly in the wings but they were unarmed and if they approached Alastair, they would likely be shot since the drug dealer valued life as high as he valued gun control.
Castiel bristled and bit back a growl. “He
With bewilderment sprawled over his face, Dean cautiously edged towards the three brothers. Then he shook his head at himself and glanced over his shoulder to the rest of his gawking pack. “Don’t just stand there. Help clean them up and keep them warm!”
“He’s right, you know.”
Adam bit back a laugh as the pups nodded in solemn understanding. “Jody’s like that,” agreed Alex. “She worries about
thought Dean miserably. If only he had kept his mouth shut in the face of Castiel’s personal attack. Heck, maybe Castiel had planned all of this – for Dean to lose his temper and say something stupid. He felt as though he didn’t know Castiel as well as he had first believed and his heart thudded hollowly at that particular notion.
*             *             *
“It can’t be that bad,” chuckled Dean.
Automatically snaking his arm around Castiel’s waist as his soul filled with affection, Dean tucked him into his side as he led them towards his own bedroom. There was a soft sigh of relief from Castiel as he melted into Dean and Dean ushered him under the covers and slid in after him. He plastered himself against Castiel’s back and slid his arms around his middle, but before he got a chance to press his nose into the man’s neck, Castiel rolled over to face him and wrapped his own arms around Dean as he burrowed into the Republican’s chest.
Also, from now on, updates will be Wednesdays and Saturdays :)
Chuck’s eyes widened and Dean grinned. “Yeah, I imagine you’re not in its good books after yanking Lilith out of the void. Heck, who knows how many angels and demons you’ve stolen from it? How many times you’ve
He closed his eyes for a moment. He felt so
Sam’s eyes widened and Gabriel launched off Castiel and fluttered towards Sam before perching on his head and settling down with a purr.
“He’s one of the worst I’ve seen. No nose whatsoever,” Lisa frowned before following Eileen into the imaging room again to write down a few more values. Castiel leaned against the entryway.
be getting it. Not ever,” Castiel snarled, teeth unsheathing themselves in the heat of his fury.
Castiel’s smile was fond and affectionate and his gaze sparkled with admiration. “Of course you do.” He sealed their lips together again, as though he couldn’t fight the undeniably profound bond between them.
“I was on the phone for over two hours for this. Take it,” Balthazar huffed, drumming his fingers against Castiel’s desk.
“Fine,” mumbled Dean. “Dinner will be ready in an hour.” And with that, he vanished into the house.
“Am I to believe that you had no ulterior motives when following me down here whilst I am unaccompanied?”
Michael curled his fingers around the rebar, letting its coolness seep into his skin. Human sensation was still foreign to him, but it was strangely pleasant.
“Good morning,” said the newcomer with a polite smile that Dean decidedly didn’t like.
“I was taught that respect is earned,
. “Adam?”
Dean blinked and slowly nodded. He kissed Castiel’s hair. “I won’t do that again, Cas. I’ve been thinking about you all week and I… I missed you. I hated how we left off. I wanted to call you but it was a lot to take in and I just…” He shrugged stiffly. “I didn’t know what to do.”
“Like I’ve already said,” growled Dean. “Since your parents did such a shitty job at raising you and your brothers, I’m gonna knock some manners into you all. If that means scruffing you like a pup and nipping your flanks every time you step out of line, then so be it.”
. I hate all the frilly titles.”
He flicked his gaze to Sam and found his brother staring morosely into space. “What? What’s wrong?”
“It was a lamp, not a hammer,” Castiel whimpered. “The bulb shattered against my stomach and then he… he kept hitting me with it. Nothing I said or did stopped him. He just kept beating me over and over with the bedside lamp and when he finally stopped, he threw me against the wall and told me I was his. He kept… yelling about how much I’d hurt him, about how I was cheating on him and that he would only forgive me if I somehow proved to him that I had no interest in you…” He trailed off and hid his face in Dean’s neck once more. “I’m sorry.”
Dean’s brow furrowed before he glanced up at Cas and offered his hand. “I’m not making you hide for the rest of the evening because I couldn’t keep my cool. Come on.”
Dira backed off a little and growled at the omega as he approached. “You will not be coming home with us. This is your Alpha now, Jack.” She gestured to Adam before howling at her pack.
“Just stop kissing me,” huffed Adam as he rolled to his paws, tired of explaining how genders weren’t ranks. “It’s weird.”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel whispered, memories caught on last week’s fight.
A sob was ripped from Dean’s lungs and he gripped the wheel tight and slammed his foot down on the pedals. The engine wasn’t running but the impact of the hard metal against his foot felt good; solid in a way that Cas wasn’t anymore.
There was a long pause, then,
“Are you two together?” squawked Sam.
Dozens upon dozens of bats turned to him in unison and sped towards him, and Dean could only hope that Castiel had managed to get Frejja into the woodlands.
“Anyway,” hummed Samandriel, “enjoy the fish. And thanks again for saving me.”
His breaths began to match Dean’s as his heart rate slowed and he settled into Dean’s inviting warmth as he focused on the water sliding over his wings. The sensation of a werewolf beneath him was so foreign and he knew it should feel wrong to him, but there was something…
“I’ve tried, Michael,” sighed Raphael. “I really have tried to get this business off the ground... but it’s been over two years and we have nothing to show for it. We’ve already lost over a quarter of our savings. Maybe it’s time to move on?”
“Both,” growled Dean as he carefully curled his own fingers around his throat and gave a tentative squeeze. His eyes fluttered shut and he applied a little more pressure as he swallowed against his own palm. The action proved more difficult than he had anticipated and he bit back a pleased grunt, refusing to give Castiel that sort of satisfaction just yet. “You want both of those things, as do I, and I grab your ass and drag you down until you can feel my hard dick straining against my boxers. I want to show you what you do to me – I want to show you how much I need you.”
“Then you politely ask to be left alone,” hissed Dean. “You don’t snap at their faces. Ed! Harry! Get over here!”
*             *             *
Dean shook his head with a scowl and mentally berated himself. Idiot. This is why it had taken so long for Cas to actually say the words to him – because Dean Winchester was fantastic at stomping his feelings down and second-guessing everyone else.
Benny brandished the file at him menacingly before throwing it into the drawer and handing Dean a piece of paper from the desk that forever looked like a bomb site. The last time Dean recalled seeing the oakwood surface of Benny’s desk was when it didn’t belong to Benny.
As always, all comments, constructive criticism, and suggestions welcome :)
Once they had eaten, they slunk to the outskirts of the camp to soothe their protesting stomachs and feel sorry for themselves. The faint scent of vanilla and oranges caught their attention and they looked up to see Jody cautiously approaching them, medical bag between her teeth.
“What don’t you understand about ‘bottom of the pack’?” asked Benny as he tilted his chin defiantly.
Castiel made a sound of alarm as his hands shot out to grip Dean’s arms.
“I hope you’re not referring to us when you talk about ‘unintelligent brutes’,” said an unimpressed, feminine voice.
Cas had been crying. He had said those words because it was the end and he had nothing to lose. He’d needed Dean to know before he died. He’d wanted to save the man he loved one last time.
. There had been no emotion during any of his spiel except for confusion. He had made a fool of himself out of desperation and now he would have to face the consequences.
Dean’s frown deepened. “Now hang on a minute… It’s not as though I did any of that to him. And after what he did to our pack, I don’t see why we should waste our supplies helping him.”
*             *             *
about the creature in front of him was offensive.
Dean’s eyes widened and he glanced around again. “Wait, heaven? So, I’m…?”
Castiel looked no brighter. He turned to the door and a rune ignited upon its surface in fiery orange.
Castiel shifted against him until their cheeks were pressed together intimately. Dean inhaled the familiar scent of his cologne to calm his frayed nerves.
“Turns out I may have been wrong,” Castiel chuckled quietly as he slipped an arm around Dean. “Although I’m still mad at you.”
Dean resisted the urge to squirm under Castiel’s fiery gaze. “Do you know what all those scenarios had in common, Mr. Novak? People. There was a person behind all those guns. Guns don’t kill people;
It isn’t the attitude he expected from a royal angel and Sam is touched by Gabriel’s kindness. He watches the omega’s damaged wings tremble and stiffen as he walks and he speaks before he can properly think.
“We’re done here,” he tossed over his shoulder.
Behind them, the Empty hesitated and Cas’ expression crumpled. Billie prowled closer, scythe at the ready.
“Even if it did take one of us a lot longer than the other to work that out,” muttered Balthazar under his breath.
“I saw the interview,” Dean murmured beside his ear. “You okay?”
Dean eyed Benny suspiciously from behind his own tidy-ish desk. He squinted at the southern man and leaned backwards as though ready to bolt from whatever he was about to be berated for. “Was that sarcasm?”
Excitement pooled low in Dean’s groin as he splayed his palm over his belly and imagined it to be Castiel’s touch. His hand swept over his own warm skin before creeping up to his chest and brushing a nipple. He shivered a little at the thought of Castiel’s hands on him.
Dean bit back a laugh as Metatron seethed, but Castiel loomed over the smaller vampire threateningly and Dean raised his eyebrows at the power simmering beneath the surface.
“We can’t,” Castiel said firmly even though his eyes shone with loss. He looked as despairing as Dean felt. “I’m sorry, I have to go.”
Castiel recoiled and sat upright, a sinking feeling in his chest. “Dean?” he asked softly. “Is everything alright?”
“Is everything alright over here?”
Finally, Dean perked up as he fell into a more comfortable conversation about his job. He barely looked at Castiel for the remainder of the meal and Cas’ chest ached as he realised that he had no idea how to apologise for what had happened at the ball.
Balthazar instinctively flinched at the threatening sound, but Gadreel released his wilting erection to curl a protective arm around him instead and the smaller alpha realised that the sound wasn’t aimed at him or Hannah.
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel intoned and the little head tilt was a giveaway that he was telling the truth.
Jack nodded again. “A Shifter pack.”
Castiel looked no brighter. He turned to the door and a rune ignited upon its surface in fiery orange.
This was going to be undeniably awkward.
Frowning, Castiel paused then stood. “I’m on the top floor.”
Curiously, he pushes through a frosted glass door that is already ajar and he creeps down the steps and into another corridor. It smells strongly of chlorine and Dean can faintly hear running water, so he follows the sound and comes to a set of changing rooms. There are no other doors so he assumes that he has to pass through the changing rooms to get to the… pool? Spa?
Hehe and so the story begins ;)
After a few moments, Castiel shifted uncomfortably. “…About what I said-”
“I’ve loved every second with you,” Castiel said sincerely as he flicked his attention to Dean’s face. “I mean that. You’re… You’re a wonderful man, Dean. You make me feel things I thought I’d never experience again. You make me…” He trailed off, seeming to struggle for the right word before sighing in defeat. “Happy. You make me happy.”
taking this seriously. I don’t know what you want me to say, man – Novak’s good. Really good. He’s cool and collected, he knows what he’s doing
He turned, briefly, and gasped before shoving harshly at his brothers. “Run!”
“Cas? I… uh… I got you some clothes. You want me to leave them outside the door or…?”
“I’m onto you,” the Angel hissed at him before striding away in that irritatingly dramatic way of his; trench coat tails billowing behind him.
“Castiel,” the man said stiffly before shooting Dean a distasteful glance. “I see your mother was telling the truth. You did bring an animal to dinner.”
“Go inside and get yourselves warm,” he said softly, rain cascading down his face until he looked something akin to a drowned rat.
Raphael dropped his gaze. “Including each other.”
There was a frustrated click of a tongue from the back of his mind (which sounded really strange, but Lucifer managed to achieve the feat).
. If Novak wanted to play dirty, then Dean would roll around in the mud with him.
upbringing. I usually just call him Luc.”
“The… the price was my life,” Castiel continued, watching Dean’s expression closely. “When I experienced a moment of true happiness, the Empty would be summoned and it would take me forever.”
They watched realisation light Lucifer and Raphael’s gazes and strangely, the pair licked their lips in nervousness.
Jack’s tail wiggled along the grass.
Suddenly, Dean surged forwards and bit at his withers and Lucifer tensed and swiped at him. Dean growled softly and nipped his ear instead, like a father scolding a wayward pup, and Lucifer ducked his head with a surprised frown as Dean drew backwards.
“Tell me you didn’t?” Gabriel asked gleefully, clearly hoping that Castiel had.
Lucifer gave a tiny nod. “I’m sorry, alpha,” he whispered.
Dean eyed his lover in surprise; he had never seen his mate so wound up. Castiel was usually so patient and calm and he rarely butted heads with anyone, yet the arrival of his older brothers had provoked the appearance of a new side of the omega. Dean wasn’t entirely certain that he liked this uncharacteristically confrontational and hostile version of his mate – he did understand it though.
to protect Samandriel and never hurt him, that means that we can be friends?”
“Bottom of the pack,” Benny articulated slowly as though talking to a particularly dim animal. “You eat last.”
Dean smiled down at his lover, watching his breaths even out as he fell into a light sleep. Double-check.
“I don’t know what to do,” Castiel choked as he buried his face into Dean’s neck. “I can’t leave. I can’t get out. Dean, I… I need help. I’m terrified of him. I know I shouldn’t have told you but I… I can’t help but feel safe with you. Please… tell me what to do. Tell me how to escape without him ruining my life,” he begged around fat tears.
“I wish you wouldn’t let them hurt you,” frowned Cas as he lapped at the droplet of blood rolling down Dean’s face. He paused. “…But I will admit that watching you treat him like a naughty pup was possibly the most incredible sight I’ve ever witnessed.”
“I said:
A lopsided smile tugged at Sam’s lips as he cocked an eyebrow. “…But you really want a pup.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The hunter missed Castiel’s shocked expression and the way his eyes flashed from blue to red.
“Does he eat in my camp?”
Lucifer slunk over to Raphael and Michael, tail between his legs and head lowered as he tried to hide the humiliation in his gaze.
Warmth bloomed in Dean’s chest and he nestled his face into his rival’s neck as he settled more comfortably on top of Castiel. He couldn’t remember the last time he had felt this at-ease. It was as though all his problems had dissolved and all that mattered was the solid figure of Castiel beneath him. His pulse slowed and his breaths fell in sync with the gentle rise and fall of Castiel’s back and for a long moment, he merely inhaled Castiel’s spicy cologne and imagined what it would be like to wake up to that scent every morning.
Dean’s brows furrowed in surprise.
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispered one last time, before leaving Castiel’s room, and Castiel, forever.
Cas buried his fingers into Dean’s fur, basking in his warmth. “It’s been a long time since I’ve done this, so I might be a little rusty.”
It dawned on him that he had not yet been approached by Chuck and he glanced up at the roof again to see if he could spot the little bat.
After all, that was what wild folk did, right? The alphas chose an omega to bear their child and that was the only use of an omega to the pack. Wild folk didn’t actually value omegas as individuals – they were there to make and raise pups and to satisfy any alphas that were in rut. That was what his teachers had taught him anyway. It was likely that Castiel had been knotted by every alpha in the Winchester pack.
“You didn’t think asking me if I want a dick in my ass would offend me?” Adam asked incredulously. “How stupid are you?”
No. No, this was
Adam’s ears flattened as he glanced at Jack again and Dean was satisfied with the knowledge that he had made the young beta think. None of them knew anything about this strange omega and Dean wasn’t prepared to let his pack pay the price of Adam’s naivety. Not that he was angry with the younger wolf; Adam’s heart was in the right place – he just didn’t have the experience that Dean had. Dean refused to let another Ruby slip into their pack.
“…What’s the problem?” Sam asked, perplexed.
Raphael sidled up to him with a wary expression and whispered, “Lyons. They’re from the Lyons pack.”
A tongue brushed his lips and Castiel granted Dean entrance. He smiled against Dean’s mouth when the werewolf tugged him closer, until their bodies were flush and Castiel could bask in Dean’s warmth.
why I’m defending them. I can’t just give up on them. I know you hate them, but they were good once and I truly believe that the brothers from my childhood are still in there somewhere.”
He lowered his voice. “Be warned however, that if you do give me reason to distrust you, I am far stronger than I look.”
Ben wriggled away from Dean’s side and carefully stepped around both adults to find Samandriel tucked between Castiel’s paws.
existed.
, it said.
They answered a few more questions about education before moving onto immigration and Dean began to form the impression that Castiel was not only unhappy with him, but extremely offended by his policies.
Dean led him upstairs, seemingly on a mission.
Adam slowly slipped his paws around the omega and nestled his chin on top of Jack’s head. He didn’t have the heart to correct the title.
Castiel gently grasped his arm and suddenly, two huge, impossible wings unfurled from his back, midnight blue and striped with black in a way that reminded Dean of a magpie. He gaped at them and wondered why his eyes didn’t burn. Castiel chuckled.
He pushed himself faster when he heard the ominous beating of wings behind him and made a sharp right when one vampire swooped low in front of him. He snarled, more for effect than any real threat, and twisted out of the way of a pair of vampires who plummeted towards his flank. He ran until his legs began to ache and he began to slow, and when he was about to be swarmed by a large portion of Castiel’s nest, he morphed and grinned up at the shocked vampires.
Media interest in Dean’s personal life blew up overnight. Fox News was desperate to have Dean on the show and they conveniently forgot to mention that they had scheduled Novak for the same time slot. The reception he received from the Democratic leader was a little different to their first interview on CNN and suddenly, confidence trickled through Dean’s veins at Novak’s barely noticeable discomfort.
Castiel shook his head in exasperation. “It’s only a staff party.”
“I’m sorry,” he whispered as Castiel turned away in defeat.
“No prank. I was let go from W&S today because Wyles received the email,” Sam sighs.
and I go down like a sack of potatoes.”
A sigh fell from Lucifer’s lips and he shrugged a shoulder. “I’m sorry for calling you weak. You’re not.”
“…Is this even legal? Me having your private number? Surely, there’s some sort of rule against it?”
Dean looked surprised.
“Why would you take the couch when we have a spare room?” Dean asked, looking thoroughly confused.
“I made a
Michael and Raphael turned with matching scowls, only to yelp at the sight of over twenty snarling alphas, betas, and omegas sprinting towards them with their teeth bared and grins playing about their lips. At the head of the group was the grey and brown alpha and the Novaks knew instantly that he was indeed Azazel.
“You going to your car any time soon?”
He’s mortified when his own wings span wide in a display that is very clearly
Dean returns his gaze to the email so Sam follows his lead and is shocked when he sees an unread message from the palace. When he scans through its contents, he feels his eyes widen and his lips part.
It was a poor attempt at a lie and everyone knew it.
Gadreel dropped his gaze shyly and Michael glanced between the three. His brows drew downwards. “It’s still adultery. Two of you are mated and you’re both having intercourse with someone who isn’t your mate. It’s wrong.”
“I’ll wait for you to enter the toilet and I’ll hang a cross on the handle so you can’t leave,” threatened the dragon. “You’ll be stuck there for days.”
“We can have this,” Dean murmured, chest beginning to flutter with something akin to hope. “Lucifer would never touch you again, I’d make sure of it.”
by his own family and the only person willing to offer comfort and actually
Dean grunted softly in acknowledgement and leaned into Castiel’s tender ministrations.
Gabriel grinned at the age-old argument. “Your patients always come out of surgery worse than they went in.”
Castiel was desperate to leave. He wanted to hide in the bathroom until Dean left that afternoon, but he was naked below the duvet and he had no intention of being so vulnerable in front of Dean ever again.
? You don’t even call an ambulance? Really, Dean?”
“…You… do?” he asked tentatively.
Dean’s gaze softened a fraction as he watched Gabriel bow his head. He shot the three older Novak brothers a hard stare and prowled towards them.
The Winchester pack jumped into action, albeit with puzzlement etched onto their features. They grabbed blankets and cloths and pieces of crumbling soap bars and anything else they could find in their personal bags as Dean carefully supported Michael into a standing position. He aided him towards the stream crashing through their camp at speeds effected by the winds, and Michael leaned into the younger alpha as he limped through the mud.
*             *             *
The lock slid open slowly and the door creaked as Castiel peered out from behind it.
Dean closed his eyes for a moment and took a breath before opening them. He looked down at his lap and the assortment of pies gathered there.
Castiel squeezed his hip in encouragement. “You probably won’t get any death threats this time.”
“No, Dean, please, no, no,” Sam begged, hands fluttering over his brother’s body helplessly as his skin began to rot and grey around the bite wound.
Castiel’s eyes were like saucers. “You can’t just drop out of the race over this!”
Adam startled at the abrupt statement. He flicked his gaze up to the omega. “How’d you figure that?”
Dean huffed as he closed his eyes again and allowed Castiel to ruffle his fur.
because of you. But I love you and I need you and you’re the best friend I’ve ever had and I didn’t tell you that enough whilst we were both alive.”
Pérez nodded slowly and Castiel had no doubt that she had noticed he had dodged the question. Thankfully, she moved on.
Dean startled as Castiel grabbed his hand and twined their fingers together boldly, undeterred by the multitude of staff hurrying about their tasks around them.
” Dean stared at the floor as waves of helplessness swept over him, dragging him under, drowning him. “I can’t stop it.”
A series of barks and whines and growls were exchanged between the timber wolves. The leader looked irritated.
Dean idly thought that the barn was familiar as he fought with the vampire mimes. Something about the smell of blood and fear and sweat and the rusting rebar jutting out of one of the support beams. It was odd since he had never visited it in any of his ‘resets’, yet the place oozed familiarity.
Castiel snapped his mouth shut, trembling with unadulterated fury. Fear tickled his mind at the prospect of another beating from his father and he felt his resolve crumbling as he slunk away from the table, head low. The silence within the room was suffocating and hot tears prickled at his eyes, cheeks burning as he heard the rumours begin in low whispers and breathy mutters. If he wasn’t already despised by his nest, he most definitely was now.
“I’m not finished with you,” Bartholomew spat as they fought. “There’s not a single vampire who’ll want you when words gets out about your behaviour this weekend. You’ll be shunned by the nest and you’ll be alone for the rest of your life.
Castiel licked his lips and gazed at Dean’s pale face for a moment before rolling off the wolf and stumbling to his feet. He quickly dusted himself off and Dean joined him, looking rather shell-shocked.
A nod. “Yes, Dean. I'm the real Castiel. The others were part of the program. Projections, if you will.”
Sam glances at the tray in his hands and startles into action. He rounds the bed, offering the tray to the prince whilst still keeping his head low.
“Not your fault that they’re dicks,” Dean replied, stroking Castiel’s hair again and smiling when the vampire leaned into his touch. The last twelve months had made it abundantly clear that Castiel was touch-starved. He would subtly sidle up to Dean whenever they were together and Dean had even caught him leaning into Gabriel, Sam, and his parents a few times – seeking out the sort of contact that his ex-nest had never granted him.
Raphael huffed a laugh. “I didn’t realise glue and tape grew on bushes.”
Sam pulls a face. He wouldn’t be granted respect – he would be granted
Sam’s expression fell slightly and Castiel learned the answer. He stared at his tea and didn’t think too hard about the gaping hole in his heart.
“You’re right,” Prince Gabriel says softly. “I’m sorry. I’ve been taught a lot about demons over the years and most of it is probably wrong. I can count on one hand the number of times I’ve conversed with demons.”
Lucifer opened his mouth to argue, but it wasn’t his voice that answered Michael.
Adam shook his head and flicked his gaze around the forest floor. “Rat.” If there was one animal that he wasn’t a fan of, it was the rat. They carried countless diseases and all the rats he had come across were overly aggressive. He would remember that flank bite for the rest of his life; the blood hadn’t stopped pouring for over an hour…
He could practically feel Sam’s smile behind him and the werewolf smoothly removed the ornament without having to be asked. He slipped it into his pocket and Castiel’s skin itched briefly before he stepped out of the room and headed towards the office.
Jody’s gaze softened with pity. “You have a strange way of showing all that. You don’t respect Castiel or Gabriel and you’ve made no attempt to apologise to them since coming here. You nearly bit Samandriel yesterday. Why should they trust you? Why should any of us trust you?”
“No, don’t!” Dean managed before he was hurled against the wall.
Wait, had Cas always believed that Dean would be repulsed by his feelings?
Balthazar hummed in interest. “I’ll definitely have to find Dean now.”
“Yeah, you’re right,” Sam sighed.
“We chose your 'moment' for you because your life is complicated,” Castiel sighed. “We didn’t want you to ask too many questions so we made one up for you. Remember Mrs. Butters? We created her for you. It isn’t how the program was designed to run though, so we had to set some limitations. You had to remain in the bunker with her and we couldn’t have too many ‘characters’ as the program couldn’t handle so many variables – that’s why I wasn’t there. Having Jack there was a risk, but we reduced his powers and it made things a little easier. You seemed to enjoy Mrs. Butters’ company, anyway.”
Sam narrowed his eyes and Castiel could tell that he was working extremely hard to not shift into his canine form. “This clearly isn’t going to work,” Sam hissed, gesturing between them both.
Having been silent up until that point, Castiel finally spoke up. “I was a lone omega and you took me in.”
Sam pauses before a slow smile spreads across his face. There is a reason he enjoys working for James Wyles. “Thank you, sir,” he murmurs, bowing his head slightly and lowering his bat-like wings in the proper show of respect for an angel. The gesture is second nature for all demons by Sam’s age.
The nausea was back.
Gabriel looked confused and he blinked up at Sam when the werewolf stopped scenting at him.
“What?” Dean managed before he was hurled against the wall.
“No,” sneered Castiel and Lucifer yanked at him in reprimand. “No,” Castiel insisted louder. “I only want you. You know that.”
“This… isn’t what I was expecting,” he admitted and Dean grimaced because
Sam doesn’t want to agree but he finds himself nodding anyway. Angels have very low opinions of demons – believing them too violent, too unintelligent, too unrefined to be of any value. Each angel’s grace is unique and allows them to manifest a special ability at an early age, which they learn to control as they grow; this can be anything from telekinesis to controlling the local weather. Demon grace, on the other hand, is viewed as dark and rotten as it gives them the power to transform into a hideous, fear-inducing beast, whose sole purpose is to fight and destroy.
Lucifer winced. “They were protecting Samandriel. They thought we were going to kill him.”
Gadreel squared his jaw. “We were… reaffirming our affections for one another.”
Understanding dawned on Castiel’s face and Dean must have spotted the change in expression because he looked at Castiel hopefully, pleading for him to explain.
Castiel shook his head, tears glazing his eyes. “I didn’t say it, yet.” He was still smiling.
Raphael swallowed and hobbled backwards until he was straddling the white thing on the ground. Lucifer gave a half-hearted rumble.
memory that the program then couldn’t sustain, which led to me struggling with crippling grief and emotional trauma as I watched my friends and family die over and over, and you’ve only just found out about all of this
Dean watched his eyebrows furrow briefly in thought. He didn’t want the angel to die here but honestly, he didn’t think he had the energy to keep fighting. The result was always the same anyway. Might as well let nature take its course.
,” Castiel said through gritted teeth.
“Is… uh… is that what your old pack said about you?” Gabriel asked softly.
their touch as much as he did Castiel’s. He had never arched into their wandering fingers as though he had never felt warmth before. He had never swallowed their quiet groans and gentle gasps as though he couldn’t breathe without them.
“Excellent,” Castiel deadpanned. “So, that’s a ‘no’ from him.”
The bunker was silent in a way that was deafening after the lack of sound in The Empty, and Castiel flinched a little because he wasn’t accustomed to having ears.
Dean subtly flicked his gaze to Adam once more and the young beta scowled at him.
The Empty threw out a black limb and grasped Billie before she could lop Dean’s head off with her scythe. A second tendril slithered towards Castiel.
“I always wondered,” Castiel ploughed on, ignoring Dean once again, “ever since I took that burden, that
He flicked his gaze to Castiel’s face again and tried to catch his attention but to no avail. Suddenly, the host began speaking and Dean resigned himself to the idea that he would have to question the other leader once the cameras had stopped rolling.
the arrest of my ex, Lucifer Milton, I haven’t been able to speak to Mr. Winchester since the last debate.” He frowned and added, “My personal phone was taken as evidence at the beginning of the investigation and I was recently informed that it had been accidentally
He grinned at Cas only to find the vampire watching him with a soft gaze.
“But I think I know… I think I know now,” Castiel said softly, as though he hadn’t noticed Dean’s confused frown. “Happiness isn’t in the having. It’s in just being. It’s in just saying it.”
“This one’s as good as any,” Cas said. Dean nodded.
“Yes, a curse! A witch cursed you, remember?”
Dean hated that Cas wasn’t angry. He hated that Cas
Dean grabbed Cas by the shoulders and the grip of a dead body turned out to be surprisingly strong
“The door opened. Let’s go,”
“Dean, by now you must know how much I love you,” Cas said and Dean’s stomach dropped. Yeah he probably knew. Somewhere deep in his subconsciousness, some part of him knew that you don’t give up heaven and don’t go against god for just a close friend. But hearing it like that? Hearing Cas actually say it? It was surreal.
“Bite me,” Dean said and hushed Cas out of the room before it got completely destroyed.
There was no pain, no fear, suddenly. Dean opened his eyes and the only thing that changed was that he felt lighter. His vision adjusted and Dean found himself standing in a seemingly endless hallway. Endless hallway, endless doors on both of its sides. Dean looked around, but the doors were absolutely identical. Dean thought that he should be concerned, he should be afraid, but he wasn't. He felt weirdly calm, almost comfortable.
“Look at what you did to me!” the corpse's voice gained more power with every word. His eyes were dead, but they were glued to Cas’s, “Look at what you did!”
“You don’t,” Dean interrupted him, “I mean, I pretty much get what was happening there. Except for the last part,”
“Funny,” Dean said
“I meant, why would I be jealous?” he said
“So you’d feed me to your brothers and sisters?”
“Yes!” Dean smiled. He finally got off of Cas, hoping he wouldn’t run off now. They both sat up.
The memory froze.
Meanwhile, the younger Dean just couldn’t take his eyes off the poor waitress. Or not poor - she seemed to reciprocate completely, touching Dean’s arm as she placed down his cup, looking at him from across the diner.
“Oh,” Cas reacted.
“My grace. Well, the remains of it,”
So far this curse feels like it was directed more towards Dean than Cas. A marathon of Dean’s fuck ups and mistakes, of every time he asked too much from a person who didn’t owe him anything, who didn’t ask for anything.
“It’s gonna be alright. We’ll get out,” Cas still wouldn’t meet his eyes, “Cas, I’m not asking you to forgive me, I will never forgive myself for that,” Dean said nodding at the door behind Cas, “But I need you to get yourself together. I need you to keep going. We’re gonna break this curse and we’re gonna get out,”
There was blood, again. Maybe just as much of it as before, maybe more. The smell hit his nose the moment the door closed behind them. Dean looked around and gasped.
"What, I had good intentions!"
“Yes?”
Dean let his brother and his best friend talk shit about the poor movie all they wanted. He watched them with a small fond smile on his lips. At some point, he even leaned his head against Cas’s arm, but the angel was so deep in his conversation with Sam that he barely noticed.
“You seem distressed,”
“So should I keep driving?” Cas looked at him with those big blue eyes, pure love and dedication written in them and Dean couldn’t say no, even if he wanted to.
Asked Dean’s genius brother and it was settled. They called Rowena up and asked her for a favor. Well, Sam did, refusing to let Dean take his attention away from the road.
It took both men less than a second to realize exactly what was about to happen.
the other Dean said and god he looked young. He smiled at Bobby, but Dean still remembers how shitty he felt.
Dean turned to the sink, but felt Cas’s gaze on him. Dean tried to smile at Cas, to somehow ease the tension, but it barely worked.
