"Is the temperature alright?"  It's an unnecessary question.  Anyone watching would be able to deduce the temperature was perfect, based on John's reactions-- let alone the great Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock hadn't been in touch with John for over three weeks. They had texted a few times, kicking around plans that had never solidified. It didn't help that there wasn't much action on the consulting detective front lately, either.
The change of energy in the room was palpable, and Sherlock wrenched himself around on the mattress.
For a long while there was nothing but the soft hiss and pop of the fireplace as John absentmindedly ran his fingers through the ridiculous mop of hair in his lap.  When John had first met the detective, his dark coif had struck him as strangely fitting for an unusual man such as Sherlock, striking curls to swath his head in drama and mystery.  After getting to know the man over the course of eighteen months, however, John now saw the hairdo for what it was: an overgrown mop on a man who couldn't be arsed to do more than ruffle it each morning regardless of the expensive clobber he wore.  That it always seemed to fall perfectly into place anyhow only seemed to irk John; he wasn't a vain man but it took a bit of muscling to keep John's cowlicks in place every day, and the kicker was that Sherlock wasn't even trying to attract anyone in particular.
After Sherlock removes John's jumper and shirts, he puts a hand on the back of John's neck, cradling his head, and kisses him rather chastely on the mouth.  He remains silent whilst doing this, his eyes still rimmed with red and appearing glassy, but not leaking.  He seems quite intently focused on his task, John observes.
"Alright.  Sleep as long as you like, and don't get up for anything without calling me.  Okay, Sherlock?  I mean it.  Not even to piss.  I want to make sure you're set before you go hobbling off to do other things." John knew that as Sherlock progressively got his way, he got cockier and more impetuous.  Just because he won the battle to get let home early didn't mean he could do entirely as he pleased.  "We got you out of the hospital early but that doesn't mean you can overdo it at home.  If I come in and find you out of bed, I swear to God I'll shoot your other side."  John was only half kidding.  "Have I made myself perfectly clear?"
"It's Sherlock," Mrs Hudson had said to John once.  "Who knows what goes on in that funny old head of his."
He could hear it in his head as he read the notes, and although it was far from finished, it already held a lifetime of memories. He could hear the glorious part where John was angry with him, voice raised, fingers pointing and scolding. He heard the parts where John saved his life, the arpeggios of his courage. He could hear the part where John was laughing with him, the soaring peaks of his lips parting to let out rich peals of laughter, the parts where his entire face lit up whatever he happened to be looking at. And there was also the part where Sherlock was sick and John took care of him that one time, gentle hands taking the pulse on his neck and temperature in his flushed cheeks.
Sherlock’s eyes were wide and unblinking, trying to formulate a plan. Magnussen had Mary, which means he also had John.
He didn't understand where it all went wrong. He was doing the selfless thing, no self involved. So why did the self hurt so much? Wasn't being selfless supposed to make the self feel better?
"But the parties," Sherlock said, voice picking up a bit, "the parties were always to be looked forward to.  So many things to observe, so many people to watch and notice and deduce.  It was perfect, no one ever paid me any thought.  Short introductions and then I'd be off to pick them apart from afar while they hit the sauce."
At night, Sherlock's thoughts always took a turn for the worse. Sadness, desperation, loneliness- everything seemed to bite twice as hard at night. Companionable evenings spent with John, watching telly, playing board games, or simply reading by the fire... those were all gone now. Just intangible memories to pull out of his hard drive. Each time he chose to retrieve one, he was injected with a volatile cocktail of emotion, and it was all he could think about.
"Like hell.  But not worse than some enhanced interrogation techniques I've been through," Sherlock said thoughtfully.  He shrugged, then looked back up at John hopefully.
Maybe John needed a case to have a reason to spend time with Sherlock. Perhaps Sherlock on his own didn't hold his interest.
There was something bawdy and salacious about the waxing, as though Sherlock was a lewd young slag prowling around looking for older men to fuck him, always smooth and prepared.
Now all that is left is a twisted ankle and some nasty-looking marks, and the burning around his neck.  John has some pain meds and should probably get to them, but right now he doesn't have the energy to do anything other than lay there.  He wouldn't mind sleeping out here on the sofa, right where he is, but that probably wasn't going to happen.  Sherlock would insist upon sleeping out there to keep an eye on him, and then of course he wouldn’t really sleep at all.  No, Sherlock will need to help John get to bed at some point.
In any event, the usual reddish kinks of hair were gone.  John grabbed a pillow to give Sherlock more support, then leaned in and began lapping firmly at the small dark furrow of Sherlock's arsehole.  Supporting Sherlock's calf with one hand, he felt gooseflesh rise under his fingers as he rolled his tongue forcefully against the most personal place of his lover's body.
and-" he grits his teeth and begins to shout, slamming his fist on the side of the tub, making John jump a little- "
Sherlock's heart melted and spilled out of his ears and eyes and mouth with such ferocity that he wondered how John wasn't able to see it.
, putting the cup down and running shaking hands through unruly raven hair before scrubbing them across his own face.  His dark laughter breaks up into chunks until it sounds more like sobbing.
The hand Sherlock was leaning on slipped from his leg, jolting him awake. No! Must solve the case. Client. Victim. Cardigan. Focus on client. John, a warm presence beside him. The pleasant searing of the handprint still felt on his leg through his trousers where John steadied himself earlier. Focus on client.
There was a thoughtful pause on the other end of the line before Mycroft began to muse, seemingly out loud to himself.
Sherlock squirmed and shifted his hips a bit, closing his eyes and letting his mouth hang open.  The room became quiet, punctuated only by deliciously wet, obscene sounds of John's sucking.  John rubbed Sherlock's bollocks gently, the sparse furriness he was used to stripped away.  It was a new feeling, not unpleasant.  John, wondering if the taste was any different, pulled off of Sherlock's cock with a soft
Sherlock sucked in a breath and turned over onto his side in his bed. He turned on the lamp and caught a glimpse of his own face in the mirror. He was flushed and feral-looking. His crotch was hot and hard.
"Shhh, it's alright," John whispered, putting a hand to Sherlock's face and stroking his cheek with his thumb.  Sherlock momentarily wondered if that patch of skin would glow a brighter color.  No, that was ridiculous.  But John had just told him he loved him, and that was ridiculous too.  He was desperate to respond but all he could do was flex his jaw and blink.
Sherlock comes back in and helps John up.  It will take a bit of maneouvering to get him into the bathroom, let alone the tub.  John knows his foot will need a brace, but right now it's too swollen, so he has to be very careful not to bend it or put any weight on it.  Initially, he's nervous about Sherlock handling him in that state; his taller companion's movements are typically dexterous and fleet, but when he becomes agitated and his control slips he can be a bit rough without meaning to be.  To John's relief he helps him to the bathroom gently, gingerly, his touch soft but strong and firm, handling John as though he were a precious trinket that could break at any slight mishandling.  John's a bit moved; he hadn't realized that Sherlock, for all his fire and brimstone, could be so tender.
It was nearing midnight by then.  John poured another whiskey and went to sit at Sherlock's feet on the sofa, but Sherlock gingerly sat up to give him room on the opposite end.  Once John had situated himself, Sherlock laid back down with his head in John's lap.
The unspoken implications of that statement smacked John square in the chest and rendered him unable to comment.  His hand dove on its own accord back into the hair on his lap.  A few quiet minutes ticked by.
Sherlock is shivering from head to toe now, and John's body remembers the feeling. It used to happen sometimes, after a long foreplay, after the exchange of many
"Thank you," he whispers against Sherlock's lips. "For forgiving me. For saving me. For wanting me despite all my flaws. I--- I really don't deserve it."
Sherlock caresses the tender skin at the nape of John's neck, drawing back slightly to look at him. He's scared of the future and hopeful and confused, and he's so very, so
"John…" Sherlock is looking at him from under heavy lids, breathing loudly, his thighs quivering against John's sides. "
It goes on forever, it seems, but John knows that his perception of time can't be trusted right now. He's existing entirely in the moment, and nothing else matters anymore.
They keep Sherlock's back out of the way, learning each other all over again, and it's much better than any dream could ever be.
sorry, too, which makes John feel worse. He doesn't deserve this kind of sympathy, not after insulting him like that.
with you now, Sh---Sherlock," he presses out, fighting through the spikes of pleasure compromising his speech centre. "I want you to--- to
“Very well. I felt compelled to explain myself. I wasn’t sure whether you’re aware of the role you play in my brother’s life.”
, of all people, to share himself with. In Sherlock's blissful smile, in the curve of his luscious lips, he sees all the times they laughed together, all the times they cried, all the times they fought and made up. He sees ecstasy and lust, insanity and grief, adrenaline and pain.
Of course he wants this. It's all he's wanted ever since that very first day. He thought things between them were broken beyond repair, but now he's not so sure anymore. The question is,
to. I want to grab him, push him, my fingers are itching to weave into his hair and finally subdue him – but I can’t. I need clear permission. He’s my treasure. I’d never risk hurting him or making him uncomfortable when we’re together like this.
“Oh, you feel good,” John pants against Sherlock’s cheek and slides his thigh over Sherlock’s legs, higher,
you feel scared. I've always tried to hide it. I'm--- I wasn't comfortable with it. Feeling like that for another man. And I--- I hurt you. With words, and with my hands. I'll never forgive myself for hurting you, Sherlock."
“No, I--- no, I’m sorry, Mrs Hudson. I don’t know. He might be a while. Please tell the gentleman to come back tomorrow morning.”
"Something like that," Sherlock replies lowly, and John is surprised that he doesn't sound wistful at all.
After about half an hour, I allow myself to fall asleep as well, the phone still propped against my ear.
Gathering all my willpower, I pull him off of me completely, and he opens his eyes and looks at me. I’m blown away by the intensity of his gaze, and the way his lips glisten with saliva makes me want to push myself inside that mouth again so badly. He’s breathing fast.
John feels it happen inside of himself, all of it – Sherlock's cock throbbing and becoming impossibly harder as he reaches his peak, his hot come spurting out of him and into his body, the shocks of ecstasy that shake him to the core.
," he hears himself say, his voice barely recognisable even to himself in its breathy, mindless urgency.
Without constantly worrying about who he'll piss off next, or where he'll run to launch himself head-first into a near-fatal encounter with the next criminal mastermind. Without feeling like a fifth wheel all the time, trailing after Sherlock and his blown-up ego, only there to please, to admire, to praise the genius of the great detective.
Now John is here, right above his head, and Sherlock's heart and mind are all over the place. He never allows himself the weakness of human sentiment, because it's irrational and a hindrance and simply not worth his time. However, he makes an exception for John. He surrendered to John and his voice and his eyes and the way he smiles such a long time ago, even if the other man doesn't –
one after that… I wish we had the time, love. I--- I'm scared of having missed my chances of telling you how much you mean to me. Of showing you. I--- I know it's silly, but I wish I had made love to you more often when I still could. Every day. Every night. I wish I had held you in my arms, given you pleasure, told you how beautiful you are more often than I did."
“You make things easier for me, too,” John says. “It’s one of the many reasons we make a great team.”
Sherlock freezes at that, looking at him with an expression of complete and utter incomprehension. John is afraid he's said the wrong thing. It just tumbled out of him, just like that. Why do you love me, even though I hurt you so? Even though I hate myself?
, and how can he ever carry on now? What about Rosie? His life's in ruins. He had it all planned out so perfectly, now that it was all out in the open. A new start for Mary, and a new start for himself. As a family. It's all lost now.
“I missed your taste,” he sighs and sucks my bottom lip into his mouth. “Mmhhh… I missed breathing your air…”
“Why did you go to the lengths of putting on a fresh tie?” he asks as his fingers start to wander, and I chuckle weakly and hold on to his upper arms for balance.
“Will I ever hold you again?” he says into my hair, his arms wrapped around me in a tight, tight embrace. “Tell me I will, John. Tell me.”
He's embarrassed about losing control like this, but it's all too much. He's never felt like this before. There's something inside of him that's too big, too new, and it wants to burst out, and it's so complex that he can't put a name to it.
When Sherlock pulls him into his room and closes the door behind them, John tells his brain to stop and shut up. Sherlock helps this along by gently pushing him against the wall and re-initiating the kiss that started in the living-room, but now it’s hotter, more urgent, and John desperately hopes he’ll be able to get hard again, because he wants to do it properly this time. He wants to be naked with this man, he wants to kiss him all over, wants to taste every part of him, wants to make him lose himself completely.
“Your body language tells me you’re embarrassed, but I really don’t know what for. I’ve read that couples who laugh together in the bedroom have the healthiest sex life, so I think we’re good. Don’t you?”
"Are you insane? Don't ever apologise for a hard-on," he answers and turns around in Sherlock's embrace. "I just wasn't expecting it. Come here."
"I--- I love you," he rasps, and even as he says it, he feels the pressure ease. "I'll always--- protect you. I promise…"
“I feel I hardly have the right to ask you this, because I am guilty of staying silent myself, but… why did you never tell me?” I ask. “Why didn’t you---
John smiles. Then he nudges Sherlock’s knee with his free hand, the other one still caressing the tender skin right behind his scrotum.
Mrs Hudson and I both stare at him at that, and he fidgets with his napkin and looks back at us with an air of confusion.
together, still as one, even though their physical connection broke when Sherlock slipped out of John's body as he softened, and Sherlock feels the memory of John's tight heat around himself, faint and throbbing, and knows he'll never forget this first time for as long as he lives.
"Because--- If we need to make a quick escape, we're closer to the door," John says and clears his throat. "Foul play, remember?"
He leans his head against his forearm and moans, his shoulders heaving in time with his panting. Every breath he takes makes him clench down on me ever so slightly, and after a minute of enjoying this new closeness I can’t take it anymore. I have to move, to come, to give him my all.
” he cuts me off and glares at me. “You’re a medical man - do I really have to explain to you what would have happened if that bullet had hit you at a different angle? If it had ripped apart your main artery?”
…” he whispers, speaking right against my skin and driving me insane with it. “And underneath, you’re like
“He didn’t get away. He shot himself in the head right before my eyes. He was so eager to rob me of any opportunity to stop his plan from being carried out that even his life was not too high a price to pay.”
“Mmhhh,” I moan, my fingers playing with the fly of my jeans without me telling them to, tracing the outline of my rapidly hardening cock, and Sherlock’s gift of deduction obviously doesn’t stop at long-distance calls, because he mirrors my moan and then breathes: “Take them off… Take everything off, my love…”
They’re turning into one being, joint at the place where Sherlock's fingers keep entering John's body, but also at their middles, which have found each other in an ancient, basic, mindless rhythm, and John kisses and licks along every bit of his lover's skin he can reach, his neck, his shoulder, his jaw, in a desperate attempt to get closer
Sherlock has experimented. He wouldn't be himself if he hadn't, and even though the idea of allowing another person to witness him in that state of vulnerability has always mortified him, he knows his body and what it can do if touched the right way.
I hardly have time to take a deep breath and steady myself before he sinks to his knees in front of me and pushes both trousers and pants down my legs, carefully avoiding my wound as he goes.
Sherlock being incoherent is something John’s not used to, so he waits, slightly dumbfounded, for whatever it is that his friend intends to do.
--- you were wonderful," I try to clarify. "Everything you did was perfect. I--- I liked it--- rough."
“Okay, shut up, Sherlock, shut up. The first time we met--- the first time we met, you knew all about my sister, right?”
As Sherlock walks hand-in-hand with Rosie, who skips at his side, he seems remarkably comfortable in his skin. John isn’t sure if it’s a testament to how brave he’s trying to be for Rosie, or if he’s actually feeling alright about all of this, but either way, he couldn’t be prouder.
… I've never wanted to touch another man's cock before," he growls into my ear, breathing heavily. "But
"I'm embarrassed. That's why I lashed out at you. I know that's not an apology – but it's an explanation. I'm--- not comfortable discussing these things."
, he thinks a little randomly, and then blushes at his own idea. He's both incredibly nervous and pleasantly excited, but tries to push both feelings away for the time being, chiding himself for losing his head over the prospect of something as mundane as sex.
“Yes… But only because of your reaction to it.” He’s holding on to my shoulders now, swaying slightly. “She did it on purpose,” he adds lowly.
I gaze up at him and raise the corner of my mouth to give him a small smile, and he sighs and grins and caresses my ears with his thumbs.
John goes down deep, then flicks the sensitive spot right under the crown with his tongue on his way up again. When he pulls away completely, Sherlock mewls involuntarily.
"I know we shouldn’t," John sighs even as his lips trail down the side of Sherlock’s neck and then back up again to nip at his ear. "But--- you’re like a
"I--- I think I've been feeling like that for a long time, Mary. Before we met, even. I just wasn't brave enough to admit it. I'm
I grimace at him, lost in the weirdest kind of limbo between lust and amusement, adrenaline and endorphin coursing through my system, making me feel giddy and weak and already craving his touch all over again.
"Why didn't we think to use the bed right away?" Sherlock asks as he lies down beside John, a little out of breath from hauling the heavy bedding down the stairs and through the entrance hall.
He wants to shake him, shout at him to stop it, to tell him what this is all about. He wants to caress his face, his hair, tell him it's okay, that he can wake up now, that they'll fix this, whatever it is.
Mary looks from Sherlock to me and back again, her eyes glinting with surprise and excitement. Sherlock is watching her with mild interest, and I wonder what he's thinking right now.
He's smiling at his daughter right now, handing her a piece of buttered toast, and I steal a long look at his face and wonder what his cheeks feel like now. Not that I know what his cheeks feel like
He thrusts harder and nips at my collarbone, grunting with the effort of keeping up his rhythm. Our skin is making wet, slapping noises. The bed is creaking. With my lids shut, every dirty little sound gets multiplied until my ears are roaring with this basic, mindless cacophony we're creating. He pulls at my hair until it hurts a little. It's violent, but so arousing.
"Stop giving yourself all the blame," he replies. "I never gave you any reason whatsoever to assume that there could be more between us than friendship. I--- It took me a very long time to accept it for myself. My father--- He had very particular ideas about what a real man should be like. And he didn't shy away from using his fists to drive the message home."
“You are. You’re my ridiculous man. And I want you to know that you are safe with me. If you want to, you can let go. I’ll be there.”
John clings onto him, afraid of losing himself if he lets go. He hated Sherlock for leaving him, for ripping himself out of his life just like that, without saying goodbye or telling him the reasons why. He was in so much pain; he mourned him with all of himself, body and soul – up to the point of contemplating taking his own life, too, just to make it all stop. Only in the past six months, things have slowly begun to regain some semblance of normalcy again. He's got a job, a girlfriend. He's got a small box holding an engagement ring in the pocket of his jacket. This is not what he expected to find when he decided to come here this morning. This is not what he was prepared to see, to
She grins up at him, her blonde hair glinting in the afternoon sun. Sarcasm is not lost on her, thanks to the influence of Sherlock—who insists upon talking to her as he would any other adult, and has done so since the day she was born.
He looked so beautiful, and so sad, and it brought to the surface emotions I had once, right at the very beginning of our acquaintance, discovered within myself and then, out of fear and cowardice, never allowed myself to acknowledge for what they really were. Right then, staring at the raindrops painting glistening trails onto his cheeks, it all came back to me, and I hoped he would not notice what must have been written all over my face.
"John," Sherlock wheezes, moving his hips in counterpoint with John's to give him leverage and ignoring his legs, which are screaming at him that it's enough now. "
I jerk out of the fantasy, and my eyes fly open. I pull my hand out of my pants as if burned. My cheeks are aflame.
John’s defences crumble as his body begins to hum at the sensation of the other man’s warm embrace, enveloping him and bathing him in the unique aroma he’s come to associate with
I'm holding him in my arms now, slowly getting the two of us ready for our farewell, but I can't leave him just yet. He's too upset.
It’s bizarre, especially after me being so overwhelmed by all of this not even half an hour ago, but somehow this conversation feels normal now. I shake my head. I’m clean, and I trust that if he asks like that, he’s aware of his own status as well.
"Mmhhh," John purrs deep down in his chest and runs his nails down Sherlock's spine. "I wanna fuck you, love…"
” I rumble and finally push back into his tight, pulsing heat, and then I just keep going until I am embedded almost up to the hilt. “I'll--- I'll
I’m only half-joking, and the look in his eyes shows me that he knows. He gives me a sweet, but challenging smile and kisses my temple.
his name and forget your own…" he drawls and licks a long, wet stripe from Sherlock's perineum up to his tailbone. "
Sherlock hardly makes a sound as he glides into the room and out of John's sight. The creaking has stopped as well, and everything John hears is his own shallow breathing and the blood rushing through his veins. The dark hall behind him makes him feel uneasy.
He’s on his second cup of tea and his fifteenth clients’ email (so far they’ve all been barely a three) when he hears the shower start. He squeezes his eyes shut for a second and feels his hands clench into fists. He’s got about twelve minutes to compose himself - if his old data about John’s grooming habits is still valid, that is. He opens his lids again to stare blankly at the screen in front of him. It’s filled with petty problems and silly requests and he wishes he could be one of those people instead of himself right now. Nothing to worry about except grandma’s jewels and a missing cat that might or might not have wandered off on its own, but who knows, so could you look into it, please?
Before his mind can stop his body from moving and doing something that's surely very stupid, Sherlock is already tiptoeing out of his room and up the stairs. He
John chuckles vaguely, putting his hand over Sherlock's where it is resting on his stomach, and is asleep again in an instant.
He wants them to be dead. If they aren't, he'll find them and deal with them himself, with each and every one of them, slowly and with his bare hands. It scares him, but the longing to fight, hurt,
Sherlock grips his hair and holds his head, keeping him from moving away from his neck, and John obliges willingly, licking him softly before delving in for a bruising kiss again. Sherlock moans.
"…couldn't tell you. Too dangerous," the man who can't be the real Sherlock continues his ramblings, and then, from the sound of it standing right behind John, only separated from him by some thin wooden boards and a bit of wall, he says: "I missed you. I'm sorry."
When John wakes up, he feels disoriented. From the way the sun is shining through the cracks in the curtains he can tell that it's still early in the morning, so he didn't oversleep. Did they set the alarm when they went to bed? He can't remember. His body feels warm and heavy, and Sherlock is hugging him from behind, which is nice.
The room around them flickers out of existence for a moment, and Sherlock blinks in confusion. When it reappears, he realises that John's hands have stopped hitting him. He's alone.
He uses plain soap to lather himself up and once again realises that he'll never accommodate to this way of personal grooming. He knows it's ridiculous, but he misses his body wash, his shampoo, all the things that helped him to put on his armour and face the world outside. He loved being perfect when interacting with people other than Mrs Hudson and of course John, and he enjoyed unwinding after a long and strenuous day by taking a bath and washing it all away. His mind always just
But that’s not important. Sherlock’s coming home. Mycroft’s resigned sigh tells me that he’s given up, and I feel my heart threaten to jump out of my throat. He’s coming home.
I clench my teeth and pull out almost completely just to come back and pound into him hard, fighting down my own impending completion, which is about to overwhelm me. I want him to come first. With my thighs and bollocks slapping against his and him emitting these wonderfully wild, uninhibited moans and sobs, we sound like a gay porn movie. A damn good one. (Poor Mrs Hudson.)
A pulse of thick, liquid warmth shoots into the space between them, and another one, and then, after bucking and thrashing and almost throwing John off himself in the heat of the moment, Sherlock goes limp again and slumps back into the bed, his head lolling, his hands randomly roaming John’s back and shoulders, and his eyes still glazed over with the impact of his release.
John is standing on the pavement, looking small and lost. He walks a few slow steps, then stops. Looks around himself as if unsure where to go. Walks on. And stops again.
at work. She's going out with her girlfriends tonight ("I'll be out when you get home - you don't have to wait up!"), and that means that he'll get one more whole day to try and get rid of that unbearable feeling of missing out.
I grimace at him, trying to hold still. He closes his eyes and grapples for my hands, and at first I think he wants me to let go of his head, but no – his fingers covering mine, he eases into a slightly faster rhythm of up and down, and my heart skips a beat when I realise that he wants me to dictate the speed and force of his movements.
I scoff and shrug off my jacket, already dreading having to face the mass of patients I noticed in the waiting room on my way in. I
A shiver runs down my back upon hearing this. I look into his face and see fear there, and also a barely noticeable hint of defiance. I’d miss it if I didn’t know him so well. He chose these words carefully, and he wants to see my reaction to them. I’m slightly taken aback by how my heart starts to stutter in response, how my body is drawn to him,
John is completely silent for what feels like forever, but in fact can't be more than a few moments, and then takes a deep breath.
He has watched the occasional threesome online (if the woman was hot, he made do with two blokes getting it on in between), so he’s got a rough idea of what
"John," Sherlock growls after a few minutes of him very obviously enjoying John's attention have passed. "
"I was lucky to have him, too. He saved me when I'd given up on myself after coming back from Afghanistan. He… made me feel alive again. I owe him everything."
the one with the record, after all. But this is not like the relationships I had in the past, if you could call them that at all. I won’t go looking for someone new just because he’ll be away for some time.
--- for me… baby,” I press out and squeeze his hip so hard that I’m sure it will leave an imprint on his flesh. “Let go… Do it---
,” I moan and stare, mesmerised, as the thick drops of transparent fluid run along my shaft in shining streaks until they encounter his hot, slick tongue halfway down.
It’s Molly. Or mostly Molly’s head, peeking through the half-open door, blushing furiously. I clear my throat. Sherlock smiles warmly, which, despite everything that happened between us today, is still a weird thing to behold.
face, that it takes him a while to identify it. It's helpless agony. "Where's John?" he repeats. Panic settles in his chest. "
"I can't lose you, John," Sherlock says, barely audibly, and nibbles along the corners of John's lips before licking into his mouth again. "I can't."
"Keep your eyes on me," Sherlock whispers as he closes the bottle and puts it aside, and John shivers because he's heard this before, a long time ago. "Please. I need to see you while I--- do this."
. Now tell me, what will happen if Sherlock kills himself?" John, his eyes closed, pressed his lips together. He knew it, but it was too hard to admit. "
“Mmmhhhhh…” Sherlock purrs, deep within his chest, and his length begins to pulse inside John’s mouth.
Sherlock wants to scream in agony, wants to surrender and break down, cry, lose himself in it, because it's too much to handle and he can't be strong anymore.
John rolls his eyes and wonders how bad it really is, but then he gets distracted by the abrupt lurch the plane performs. The whispering man curses. John feels his heart stumble behind his ribs. He doesn’t even know in which direction they’re tumbling right now – up? Down? To the side? The ham and cheese sandwich he’s had for dinner attempts an unceremonious reappearance, but he manages to keep it down. Everything around him is vibrating.
“I’m sorry I have to put you through this,” he says. “I’m so sorry, John. Your reaction--- I’m afraid I wasn’t prepared for it. You are--- You were---”
to. You're strong, and you have a family. You'll be alright. We--- we wrote letters to the kids, to read when they're older. They--- they'll understand. They're so smart."
He tilts his head into the kiss a little more, but doesn't stop speaking in between soft brushes of his lips against mine.
“He’s the best chance I’ve ever had on being happy,” he answers, surprised that he doesn’t sound bitter.
They meet in yet another kiss, but after a minute or so Sherlock forces himself to pull back and clears his throat. Desire is burning him up from the inside, and he's sure he'll lose control if they continue like this.
He trails off, his tears trickling onto John’s collarbone, and John turns his head and kisses his damp temple.
He exhales through his nose, loudly, and one of his hands slips down to cup my crotch, kneading me gently.
“I never thought--- I’d ever have this. I--- I knew if it wasn’t you, it would be no one. I despise the irrationality, but I can’t--- I can’t believe this is not a dream.”
“I know,” Sherlock replies shyly, allowing his insecurity to shine through because John wants him to. “Thank you.”
John blinks stupidly when he lets him go and almost stumbles when Sherlock pushes at his hips to turn him around, his reaction time slow, his movements clumsy. It's exhilarating to be the reason for that, Sherlock muses, and then John's arse is right in front of him, two adorable dimples above it, and he leans in and kisses them before licking his way into the cleft between John's buttocks.
But then they have to break the kiss so that Sherlock can sit up to slick up his fingers, and it all becomes much more real all of a sudden. The other man feels the same – John can tell.
I keep my eyes on his and hum deeply, almost soundlessly, knowing from experience how wonderful it will feel around his hard flesh, and he takes hold of my head as his legs begin to shake.
When John wakes up in the early hours of yet another chilly London morning, he doesn't remember the day before.
it feels, he imagines a sweaty, pale-skinned back glinting up at him and large, strong hands gripping his hips.
John will never give him what he really wants; he is aware of that. The other man made it clear that first night during dinner, and then time and time again. It's alright. Sherlock will take all the attention, all the affection he can get, however small it might turn out to be. He just wants to be with him, in whichever constellation John sees fit. In the most confused, terrifying hours of Sherlock's life, John has been his light. His compass. He can't lose that.
“I could kiss you all day,” I mutter and pull his luscious bottom lip into my mouth to suck on it. “You’re so fucking
When John finally takes the crown into his mouth to suckle lightly, Sherlock clenches his teeth, inhaling sharply. His eyes cloud over with desire as he moves his hands from John’s shoulders to his head to weave his fingers through his hair—not, John knows, to hold him in place or push him away, but to ground himself.
John doesn’t hesitate to fulfil his wish and pulls out completely to use his index finger on the next thrust as well. There’s no resistance whatsoever as he pushes the two fingers into Sherlock, all the way up to his knuckles, and because he’s feeling high and experimental, he puts his thumb against Sherlock’s perineum to rub small, rhythmic circles, and then he finds his prostate again and Sherlock almost screams.
Sherlock repeats his twist-and-turn motion from before and retrieves a small, crackling object from his drawer, and it takes John a while to realise what it is.
. He can feel John's hardness pulse inside of him, so deep now, and clenches down on him as tightly as he can manage. John gasps. "Fuck me now," he tells him again. "Come on.
He sits up with a start, blinking in confusion. When he realises who's standing there, his heart begins to pound.
He presses his lips against John's temple, kisses him, over and over again. His heart is breaking for him, for
"The step from beard burn to beard wasn’t too difficult, but yes, well done. I knew this would become an issue sooner or later," he replies.
We grind against each other and meet in another long, wet kiss that speaks of all the things we’d do to each other if he wasn’t still hurt and if we had the patience.
Sherlock is breathing fast, his brain already slow and lazy with lust. Against the backs of his legs, he feels that John is hardening now, too, and he presses back and into the touch to get more contact.
It’s uncomfortable, but maybe that way his words won’t go up in flames with the rest of him. Or are they going to crash over the sea?
It should have been him, really, before Sherlock. There are twelve years between them, so it would have been only natural for John to have to go first. Parkinson's disease and the mild stroke he suffered at the age of seventy-one have robbed him of the steady hand he used to be so proud of in the past, but the deterioration of his nervous system has been progressing more or less slowly so far and hasn't affected his everyday life all too much yet. He just keeps getting older, and his hands keep shaking a little more each year, while Sherlock is fading away before his very eyes. He's got enough energy left to support Sherlock, now that he can hardly keep himself upright most of the time, but before the day they got the diagnosis, he'd always thought it would be he who'd wither first, lose his muscle strength, his coordination, his mind.
After what feels like several lifetimes, which I spend thrashing back and forth between terror and hope, Holmes finally speaks.
“This is not your fault, Sherlock,” he hastens to clarify. “It’s mine. I should never have let it get this far. When you got back--- I should have stopped it all right then. I missed that moment, and now I have to live with the consequences. I’m aware of the fact that I’m selfish in leaving my family for you, and I have to live with that as well.”
Sherlock's mouth opens, but no sound comes out. "System error" is written all over his face, and it's a bit sad, but also so endearing that John can't help but grin.
“I know,” I say. “But it’s not only that, Sherlock. We’re also building this on a friendship that’s unlike anything I’ve ever known. I think we’ll be okay.”
“Oh, shush! I wasn't born yesterday, you know. Would you like to have some cold supper now? You do look like you could use a bite to eat, to be honest. So pale! Some bread and cheese, maybe? And a cup of tea?”
I put the small tube on the bed, right next to his right arm, and then I get behind him and lean forwards to rain some light kisses onto the bare skin visible between his bandages, loving the way he shivers in response.
“No, let me finish. It hurts me that you--- that you went out with that woman, and that she tried to take you away from me. It hurts me so much because you’re the first person I’ve ever--- You--- John, you’re the
Sherlock almost laughs at that. John looks like he wants to bite the table top. His eyes show Sherlock that he feels awkward and amused in equal measures, and it's an endearing mixture.
We’re standing in front of the pub, but I can’t let this go any further without telling her that this is not what she thinks it is.
"Well… We'll make the best of it, then," he says. "A bath it is. And what about a bit of snogging in the back seat of the cab on the way home?"
John knows he has to tread carefully now to avoid hurting him. Sherlock is different from other people,
Still feeling dizzy and weak in the knees, John gets out of bed and gets a wet flannel from the bathroom, which he then uses to clean both of them up—first Sherlock, who gives himself over to it with closed eyes, very obviously revelling in the sensation of warm water caressing his too-cool skin, then himself. Afterwards, he throws the flannel into the hamper in the corner, then unlocks the bedroom door. When he turns back around, Sherlock is already half asleep, curled up in foetal position, his wild riot of dark curls the only thing visible amidst the white mass of pillows and sheets.
“How’s your leg?” he asks me when we are once again nestled up against each other in my bed, stark naked under the covers after a long and slow post-supper kissing session that took us from the sitting room into my bedroom and involved a lot of touching each other all over, which, as I am sure everybody would agree, is best done while wearing nothing at all.
"You look like I've broken your brain," he continues, and now he sounds as insecure as I'm feeling. "I know you're confused. Hell,
…" I sigh and just hold him tight, and he rocks us back and forth with short, shuddering thrusts, groaning softly, lost in his release.
"I've read about it, John. It's quite common to feel an improvement like this shortly before--- before the end. Something like… a last hurrah."
He pulls me down on himself when I sink to the floor with a shaky groan and ruts his still fully clothed penis against my naked arse. My feet are still caught in my trousers and my pants are cutting into my calves, but I don’t mind. He’s all around me, all I need. He can do to me whatever he wants.
"You're not the only one trained in close combat," Sherlock breathes, and then he switches off the torch and turns around to push the door open and step into what turns out to be another bedroom.
“Serbia wasn’t the only time I got caught, but until then I’d always been able to escape on my own… and not all of them tortured me, so--- I managed. But it was so exhausting, John, to always be on the lookout… always run, always hide… I solved some more or less unrelated cases along the way, which provided me with distractions, but in the end I always knew that I had to go back to the plan, and that it was me – and
They talk about Alice starting pre-school and Hettie's upcoming violin concert ("Can I play my solo on your violin later, Grandfather?"), and John puts his hand on Sherlock's leg under the table and thinks that maybe it's all going to be alright.
“Whatever you have to live with, John, I’ll live with as well. I thought that much was obvious. And part of it
It's all so different from the way it happened yesterday, Sherlock thinks, and right now he prefers this version of John because his behaviour makes it easy for him to go along with it and not reflect on it all too much.
“Sherlock,” I grumble and reach down with one hand to cup his crotch, which bears the undeniable evidence that he’s having a really great time right now. “That sounds tempting…”
, my tongue rubbing the spot you like, the one right under your tip… My fingers are buried deep inside you, oh
Afterwards, they doze off in a tangle of arms and legs, minds blank and bodies warm and heavy, and when he comes back to his senses after a while, John knows that he's in Sherlock's bed right away. It smells like life, like ecstasy. Like safety and trust and
Rosie's hand comes up and cups his cheek, and John shivers at the touch, his breath hitching. She swallows and looks at him out of sad, wild eyes.
John feels his legs go tense around Sherlock's thighs. He wants to come so badly, but at the same time he wishes they could just stay like this forever.
John grunts and licks his palm, and Sherlock shudders so violently that the mattress ripples under them.
“I find it difficult to describe what it is about you right now that confuses me so,” I try to clarify. “I’m sorry. I didn't mean to offend you.”
John notices him studying him and smiles a little nervously. He still seems to be struggling with the realisation that Sherlock didn't throw him out, and Sherlock returns the smile as warmly as he can to reassure him.
John gets out of bed and then turns to look down on him. He seems much younger than he is now, his cheeks ruddy, his hair a mess, his naked body shivering in the cool air of the room.
to come and read her a bedtime story. That’s her, making it known that you’re sorely missed at Baker Street. Thank God it’s Mrs Hudson’s Bingo night today. I hope I’ll manage to calm her down before she comes back.”
Lestrade visits me one rainy Saturday afternoon and brings me a small white box. He says it’s “some stuff” from his office – “some stuff of Sherlock’s, actually.” He looks so uncomfortable that I feel terrible for not telling him right away that it’s all been a hoax. Soon, Greg. Soon you’ll know the truth.
. Sherlock grits his teeth against the impact of John's thrusts - it's been much too long for him to still be used to it -, but doesn't complain. This is what he wants, after all.
His legs are slung around John's middle now, but he can't remember putting them there. It's all beginning to go fuzzy around the edges again, like a perfect trip, and he echoes John's moan and throws back his head, giving himself over to it. This is what it's meant to feel like. If it's the last time, as he is almost sure it is, he wants to remember this and nothing else.
His thrusts lose their rhythm when he spills himself inside of Sherlock, and nothing has ever felt as good. He feels dizzy from the pleasure throbbing through his nerves.
"Grrrmmmm," John rumbles, and the sound throbs through Sherlock as if it was a corporeal thing, just as present as his tongue, his cock, oh
His fingers keep playing with the hair behind Sherlock's ear. Sherlock's breath is caressing his cheeks. It's surprisingly pleasant.
It sounds incredulous, mocking, and like a challenge. John, feeling his blood boil on behalf of the man Wilkes' taunting question is directed at, looks at Sherlock and sees his face fall for the fraction of a second before he manages to get himself under control again, and seeing this, this short expression of plain
I move my head to the side to avoid a collision and take hold of her shoulders to gently push her away. She smells of perfume and wine, and she’s beautiful.
…” he mutters breathlessly, and Sherlock hums and grips the base of his penis, probably to prevent him from choking him when it happens. “God---
We move together like that for a long while, slowing down as our pulses stop racing and our breathing evens out, and eventually he stills and sinks down onto me more heavily to put his cheek on my chest.
smile the likes of which has never graced his sharp features before, at least not when I was present to witness it.
Then they settle back against their pillows, Sherlock with his head on John's chest, John with his arms wrapped around Sherlock's bony shoulders.
and tender kisses, and he almost cries out in bliss when Sherlock's buttocks finally make contact with his loins and they're
"Before you, there was only my brain that mattered. And it was enough. You made my life so much more complicated, John."
they?" he barks, unable to keep his voice down, and Sherlock flinches, and John disgusts himself, but he can't stop. "Tell me the truth, Sherlock.
Sherlock's voice has stopped quavering and taken on a soft, husky timbre that makes John’s joints feel a bit wobbly even in the horizontal. He obeys and rolls onto his back, offering himself to the other man’s gaze. He looks at the ceiling, deliberately giving Sherlock this moment of being able to stare without hesitation. He can feel his curious eyes on him as they move up and down his body, lingering at his groin, and his pulse accelerates. Sherlock sits up and then manoeuvres himself between John’s spread legs, his narrow hips brushing the insides of John’s thighs.
the expert on the topic of perfect tits, John," he answers silkily. "Do I need to remind you that I've never touched a pair in my life?"
Sherlock looks at their joined hands for a moment, then up at John's face again. His gaze has softened ever so slightly.
A baby starts to cry a few rows behind them, and with a jolt of guilt John remembers the unborn child in Mary’s – his
he wants, and he's scared for his own sanity, because what if it doesn't work out? What if he does it wrong? What if John gets fed up with him after a while?
John trails the shells of Sherlock's ears with his fingers, sending pleasant ripples down his spine.
"She kissed you while I was sleeping right next to you," John eventually grumbles, very quietly and much more softly than before. He sounds wounded, irritated.
Sherlock steeples his fingers in front of his mouth, his eyes bright and alert and focussed on John's face. It's unnerving and wonderful, and John feels the hair at the nape of his neck stand on end.
John's right hand flies up to his mouth and his eyes fill with tears. Sherlock is torn between the yearning to go to him and take him into his arms and the strong desire to run from him and never look back.
John half-groans, half-chuckles exasperatedly and leans back in his chair, rubbing his hands across his face.
is the last thing he is. Has Sherlock forgotten that he cheated on Mary by texting his crazy sister in disguise?
He shakes off and attempts to tuck himself back into his pyjamas, but suddenly John is beside him, grabbing his wrist to hold him back.
John grunts and digs his fingers into the backs of his thighs, kneading them possessively, and his tongue is doing filthy, glorious things now, working itself past the tight ring of muscle with small, but forceful thrusts, imitating what is going to happen soon, so absolutely shamelessly that Sherlock feels himself blush despite himself. They've done this before – what is it about John today that makes everything so,
They look at each other wordlessly after that, Sherlock half-naked and John still fully dressed, their arms wrapped around each other’s bodies, and John racks his brains for something to say to break the subtle tension still lingering in the air.
down there is damp now, slick and slippery with his own sweat and John's saliva, and the rational part of Sherlock's brain is still slightly embarrassed when he finds himself like this, completely at John's mercy and loving it, because it goes so severely against everything he is, everything he wants to be in the outside world. He's not composed now, or calm, or suave.
I’m on my way to the pub, determined to put all my cards on the table right away and tell her that I’m sorry, that it was a mistake, that I’m a fucking idiot, but before I get there, the MYphone rings.
Sherlock almost shouts the last word, and John squeezes his eyes shut. He can't look at that beautiful, trusting face any longer.
He didn’t tell me any details, but I can’t imagine that it was anything but self-defence. He would never stab a person by his own choice.
,” he chants, and now he is the one being too loud, but I do not have the capacity to reprimand him for it. “John!”
“I was shunned,” Sherlock states, his voice wavering. “When I was in primary school myself, I was called names because I enjoyed talking about and studying dead things. And truthfully, adults are generally no different. So what if—” Sherlock breaks off with a sigh, sounding almost angry at himself, his words approaching frantic. “What if my showing up to talk about those things only fosters a similar reaction among Rosie’s peers? What if they treat her differently...because of me? What if one of Rosie’s
is normal tonight. There's a small glass vial holding two pills sitting on the bedside table on John's side, a bottle of water next to it, and despite being sure that this is how it's supposed to be, John tries to ignore its presence for the time being, because he's not finished yet.
Mrs Hudson's prediction came true a few days later. John came back and helped him to sort out the flat, and when they were finished, they took on a case, and then another one, and after that one had been solved, Sherlock, still high on the chase, asked John to move back in.
Sherlock’s hands are on his arse now, pulling him down and into himself, and even when he can’t go any further because he’s all the way inside, his fingers are still digging into his buttocks, kneading his flesh, demanding more.
Sadness fills my heart, my whole being, sadness over missed chances and wasted time, and it hurts much more severely than any wound in my leg ever could. Holmes was right - I saw, and yet I did not observe.
Angelo looks at Sherlock for a long moment, and something in his eyes tells John that he's understood.
He moans again when I squeeze his buttocks and then push at his hip to get him to turn back around to face me.
I've been so occupied with case work recently that I barely noticed that he stopped shaving, and now that I'm sitting at the kitchen table, having a real, proper breakfast with him and Rosie for the first time in weeks, it makes me realise two things.
“Who’s Sherlock?” Lily asks, completely out of the blue, and leans against his arm as the plane shakes its way through another thick wall of rain and milky clouds. She hasn’t let go of his hand, and John doesn’t want her to.
"Yeah," he answers. "Thanks for--- drying them for me." He bites his lip then and closes his eyes, shaking his head. "
Wilkes steps out of the front door and looks up. Without coordinating it, they both wave and smile (much more widely than the situation calls for), and he grins and waves back and then turns to leave.
Sherlock, sober again in an instant, slows down, then stops moving altogether, and kisses the sweaty skin between John's shoulder blades.
“Are you in pain?” I ask, pressing my forehead against the back of his head and holding myself still, barely inside. “I can stop. We don't have to---”
When he decided to ask Mary to marry him, he wanted a new life, a life with a wife and a regular job and a small house, and without drama or surprises or traumatic events. But he’d never stopped mourning his old life, even though he’d tried hard to forget all about it.
John hooks his little finger over Sherlock's thumb and rolls his hips again, his back sliding against Sherlock's stomach and chest, and Sherlock stops moving and lets him find his own pace to give some control over the situation back to him.
I tell her how much I miss him, of how everything reminds me of him, and of my loneliness. And it’s all real – I know he’s alive, but he’s not here, and that hurts just the same. It feels so good to let it all flow out of my system.
John, reminded of risky acrobatics and the ensuing frantic attempts to stop overflowing water from drenching Mrs Hudson's ceiling that then replaced a well-deserved afterglow, kisses the crown of his head.
Sucking softly on the swollen head of his manhood, my hands resting on the backs of his knees, I raise my head and look at his face, which is contorted in a grimace of what looks like a mixture of wonder and lust. It is strange - and beautiful - to see him like this, and to know that I am the one who whisked away the veil of indifference he usually shrouds himself in to reveal the
He knew that despite everything, what he'd said to Culverton Smith was still true. He didn't want to die. He wanted John to return to him. He wanted his old life back. He knew he'd deserved the pain John had inflicted on him, because
My leg has started to make itself felt again, but I revel in the pain. Without this wound, we would not be here now. I would still be alone, still so scared, so stupid. He would still suffer from afar.
John didn't mean to shout, but he can't stop himself. Tears are prickling in the corners of his eyes, and he feels ashamed for them, and for losing his composure in front of someone so aloof, so superior.
I moan wordlessly and bury my face in his neck, rocking us both back and forth with ever-slowing thrusts that send sweet shivers into my fingers and toes. Our sweat mingles on my skin, making it prickle.
---then he's gone, too suddenly for me to react, and I open my eyes with some difficulty to find him lying beside me again, tugging at my arm.
"Shello," Rosie says quite clearly, her small voice still rough and teary, and Sherlock has to sit down on John's bed because his legs stop cooperating at that.
John inhales audibly and sits up in his bed, his hair ruffled, his eyes squinting against the light.
As he steps under the hot spray and closes his eyes to let it drench his face, he hopes the sound won't rouse John. He couldn't face him, not yet. Not while his head is whirring with thoughts and questions he can't quite get a grasp on, however hard he tries.
"Wanna--- move to the bedroom? Lie--- down?" John asks after a particularly well-placed thrust leaves Sherlock weak-kneed and vibrating with sensation. "You're---
Finally Sherlock finds what he's looking for and makes to rip open the small square of plastic, but John sits up, holds out his hand, and stops him.
Sherlock groans lasciviously and bobs his head a few times, making the view enticing - he knows what he looks like going down on someone, has been praised for it before, and
“I’d love for you to just kiss me now, John,” Sherlock says lowly. “Like… before. That was very enjoyable.”
He watches Sherlock's peaceful face and brushes away a stray curl that has fallen across his closed lids.
John fixes his gaze on him and takes his hand to entwine their fingers. He can feel Sherlock's pulse fluttering against his palm, or maybe it's his own. The slickness coating Sherlock's middle and index finger gets spread all over John's hand, but he doesn’t care.
Sherlock Holmes is tired. The drug Irene Adler injected him with has worn off by now, but his brain is still trying to wrap itself around the fact that it can't deduce her. That he can't make sense of it all. This has never happened to him before, at least not to this extent.
I obey his request while he goes and lights my bedside lamp, and when I turn back towards him after assuring myself that the door is locked securely, he meets me in a slow, deep kiss that eventually makes my back collide with hard wood again.
Sherlock grabs and holds up a bottle of almond oil, half full after he's just added a liberal amount to their bath water.
“Oh, lots,” Sherlock states. “In fact, just last week, I discovered a man who’d had his entire skull bashed in by a—“
his walls down, and he's aware of the fact that he's the only person on this planet who’s ever seen him like this. John doesn’t know how to live up to the responsibility, so he just leans into him and kisses him again.
They don't talk much, usually. They've been rebuilding their friendship bit by bit over the last months, and John is well aware that they've got a long way to go – he himself in particular. One day he'll have to address what happened at the morgue, and why it happened, and he's terrified of that, and not ready, but he also knows that what he feels now is not something that suddenly appeared when he moved back in with Sherlock.
“I could spend the rest of my life kissing you, and I’d never get bored,” I whisper into his mouth after a while, my lips pulsing and swollen from where he sucked and nipped at them. “You taste so sweet…”
Yes, he’s done it before, but oh, who is he kidding? Of course it’s different. This is his best friend, the person his world has been revolving around ever since they met for the first time, and the only man he’s ever wanted to touch like this.
John stops dead in his tracks and stares at him, and for the fraction of a second Sherlock sees something strange flicker up in his gaze, something like fury and guilt and embarrassment, all mingled together, but it's gone before he can get a clearer deduction.
I know she’s grieving for entirely different reasons – worse reasons than mine. I should be there for her.
close to where he needs to be touched, and then his tongue is there, only the tip at first, circling his opening with slow, deliberate pressure.
Mrs Hudson rises and nods, making a little detour on her way to the door to come and pat my shoulder.
"If he'd known, he'd have beaten the life out of me. He would have been so disappointed. I was his good boy, his whole pride. It just--- I didn't dare tell him who I really was. I don't even know what I was more scared of – of losing his respect or of him letting his anger out on me. Maybe it was both."
“John,” he mutters and a long, hard shiver runs through him. His hand lays itself upon my arm, ever so gently. “Mmhhh!”
“At the risk of breaking the mood, John… Would you like to talk a bit more? I’m not sure whether you were finished when--- this happened.”
tired body, because Sherlock keeps insisting he's wide awake and ready to explore – they've got one working phone left, after all) they discover that before the house was abandoned, someone put sheets all over the living-room furniture, which means that the huge sofa is almost entirely dust-free. The sofa it is, then. There are pillows and a large duvet in the master bedroom, and after John checking that they're more or less clean ("
They manage to turn Sherlock around without him having to get up, and John grabs one of the thick towels they've laid out to dry themselves later and places it over the edge of the bath on Sherlock's end to give him something soft to rest his back against. It's soaked through almost immediately, but John doesn't care. He wants this to be perfect for Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed as John’s hand caresses his face, his shoulders, his neck. “For the first time in as long as I can remember,” he says, “I find myself making progress; my emotions are beginning to make the smallest bit of sense. Because I have you here...and it’s easier with you. Not easy. Just...easier.”
I think about your face, your cheekbones flushed with pink, your lips parted in anticipation. You were nervous, but not embarrassed. You trusted me, you said. With all of it. I have no idea what I’m doing, I told you. It was meant to be a warning, but you just grinned. There was nothing I wasn’t allowed to do with you.
“There are a great many things I’m still able to do with my brain, John,” he rumbles. “And my body, as well. I can give you a demonstration, if you’d like.”
My throat constricts with emotions I don’t have names for yet. I can’t reply, so I just pull him down into a long, thorough kiss, by the end of which my lips are slightly sore (beard burn
“John!” Sherlock exclaims as soon as I enter the room. “We’ve got a case! Would you like some tea? There’s some left. Get a cup!”
"Visit us on Friday," he says quietly, trying to keep himself from pleading with her. "Take the day off and come over, all four of you. We can do something nice. It will be a family day. Please. It would--- mean the world to us."
When he eventually calms down, I pull my hand away and roll onto my back, and he follows immediately and puts his cheek on my shoulder to catch his breath.
in love, after all, back then in the army, and also with Mary, my poor late wife. But now I see that the memories of those loves are as nothing compared to the bright, burning feeling of unconditional affection and need flaring up inside of me whenever I look at the man sitting next to me, whenever I
"You can teach me all you know, so I won't make any mistakes! And when I don't know what to do, you can come and visit and help me."
“Hm.” Sherlock takes the letter, but barely acknowledges it as he sets Rosie back down. “Coat off, Watson. I’ve made us some tea.”
Sherlock’s hands come down then and he buries them in John’s hair, his hips still bucking weakly, and John licks him clean and carefully pulls his finger out of him to avoid overstimulation.
John doesn't want these thoughts, these unmentionable images; he tries to push them away whenever they bubble up in the back of his head. Most of the time, he succeeds.
I press another tender kiss against his head and run my fingernails along his scalp, remembering how I loved being stroked like that when I was a child.
I've never had phone sex before, and I have to get used to the more explicit parts, but I love the way he's coaxing it out of me.
He doesn't know how long he's been lying there in agony when the door opens with a small creak and soft steps approach the bed.
Sherlock smells fantastic, warm and clean and slightly spicy, and he can’t wait any longer – he has to taste again. He angles his head and brushes the side of the taller man’s neck with his lips, and it seems like he’s found one of the good spots right on the first try, because Sherlock moans deeply and bares his throat, offering himself to John, who needs no second invitation, but gives a small groan of his own and attaches his mouth more firmly to the creamy skin on display to lick, suck, and even bite a little, the last of which provokes the most interesting reaction.
This is true. But there is an animal inside of me that is straining against the chains binding it, and I am finding it harder and harder to stay in control.
He's floating, pleasantly numb, in that perfect sort of fog only spectacular sex or high-quality drugs can provide, and he doesn't care very much for emerging from it any sooner than he absolutely has to.
He nods wordlessly. There are teardrops clinging to the roots of his lashes, and seeing them makes me want to cry as well, but I fight it back and kiss the bridge of his nose instead.
John reaches behind himself, blindly, not wanting to break eye contact now, and fumbles for his bedside drawer.
He towels himself off and brushes his teeth and then remembers that he needs something to wear and that this will require a very silent trip to the bedroom and some way to keep his old wardrobe’s door from creaking and settles for his dressing gown instead, which is hanging on its hook by the door, thank God.
We stay in bed until the feeling of cooling come making our clothes stick to our bodies becomes too uncomfortable, and then we get up and go to the bathroom together. I help him to clean himself up and check whether his bandages are still attached, and then he puts on a fresh pair of pyjamas and his favourite dressing gown. He’ll be spending most of the day lying on the couch, flat on his stomach – as much as I love seeing him in his perfectly tailored suits, there’s no need for Dolce&Gabbana today.
He hesitates, then surges forwards all of a sudden and catches my lips in a deep, impetuous kiss, his body coming alive next to me, his naked skin brushing mine as he rubs himself against my side, my thigh. The duvet makes a rustling sound as he shoves it off our legs and to the floor with an uncoordinated, urgent movement of his arm.
He shakes his head impatiently and lifts his hips, impaling himself from below with shallow, but forceful thrusts.
"I don't deserve you, Sherlock," he sighs. "I love you. So, so much. I'll make things right again. I promise. I
When he enters the living-room, he finds John and Rosie on the couch, the former looking worn-out, but content, the latter chewing on a teething ring and sending him a slightly feverish, red-cheeked smile.
, that's it…" he suddenly hears as if from far away and discovers that he's still on his feet, still propping himself up, white-knuckled, against the sink, and that he's still coming all over his own legs and the bathroom floor. "Yes," John pants. "I love you… I---
, John? Are you cold or not?") they carry them downstairs and build themselves a makeshift bed that reminds John of the cushion forts he used to play in with Harry when they were children.
"You're shivering. Are you cold? We should go somewhere warm to rest a bit, hm? What about a cup of tea?"
Sherlock shakes his head again, and now John is at a loss. What is this about? What does Sherlock need? He hardly notices that his own erection is flagging, but he sees that Sherlock is losing his, and it makes him feel hollow inside. It's selfish to think like that, he knows, but he's already worried how he'd cope if Sherlock withdrew from him, now that he's had a taste. Nothing else will ever be good enough after this.
John's eyes are like the ocean, and his voice is like honey. His kiss takes Sherlock's air away, but John shares his breath with him, and Sherlock drinks it in and allows himself to fall. He's not scared of letting go, not now. John is here, and that's all that matters.
Sherlock's mind, or the last tiny part of it that's still working properly, goes into overdrive, frantically attempting the impossible task of figuring out what this is, what this means, what John is doing to him.
. He's put him through too much. He's alright, if not necessarily content, with having to fantasise whenever the urge to be closer to the other man becomes too strong and distracts him from his work, and afterwards it's always better for a while. He'd never make demands – he'll take whatever John is willing to give. All this time ago, they started out as roommates. Sherlock hopes they can become more than that again.
He's not scared per se, but he never liked darkness all that much, not even before Afghanistan. You never know what might lurk in the corners. And as for the question why they don't use the bed… well. That would be weird. John has no idea whether Sherlock ever entertains ideas of that nature, but it's enough that he himself does. Using the bed would feel wrong, somehow. Too intense. Too much for recently reunited flatmates-bordering-on-friends.
“Seven AM, give or take,” John says, just as Sherlock tilts his head upwards to look at him, his eyes, in their sleepy haze, the brightest imaginable shade of blue.
He takes his time getting ready for bed, taking a shower and cleaning himself very thoroughly, and even as he leans into the pleasantly warm spray of water and loosens his tense muscles, he wonders who he's trying to kid. Of course he's losing his head over this. This is not simply sex. It's not about feeling good and having a bit of fun together, and it's not even about love. Or rather, it's about all of these things, but combined, and
Stifling a sound of regret, he takes a deep, silent breath and readies himself to let go. It's over now. Today is going to mark the beginning of a new life, and he'll just clench his teeth and follow through with it. He takes his dream and what's left of it (arousal, comfort,
He slings his left arm around Johns chest and takes their combined weight on his right one, and then he resumes his rhythm, trying not to go too hard, fighting to stay in control.
, pushing John's body to its limits and yet completing it in a way he didn't expect, and somehow he regrets not trying this sooner, even though he knows that with any other person it wouldn't have been like this at all.
I pull him close and get on my toes to press a kiss on his mouth, and he wraps his arms around my middle to hold me tight.
to be the one. We'd made arrangements; a friend of ours would have done it. He used to be with the police. I've given Rosie his number. He'll help."
The tears in his voice clash with the blissful, radiant smile on his face, and John laughs. It sounds mildly hysterical even to his own ears.
It’s been almost four months, and I haven’t heard a word from him. Mycroft keeps saying that everything’s fine, but of course I can’t contact him myself, just in case my calls are being intercepted, so I can’t do anything but
“How could they not? You’re brilliant. You were amazing.” John smirks at him. “I believe there were quite a few mums you impressed as well. And…” he winks facetiously. “It helped that you wore the purple shirt.”
Sherlock’s low chuckle ripples against the back of his head when he kisses him there. “You smell,” he then informs him and folds himself even more tightly around him.
,” Sherlock says pointedly, his tongue clicking on the t-sound. “Now,” he continues, much more softly. “I need to talk to John. I’ll drop by later.”
He tries to smile and caresses Sherlock's pale face and kisses him on the mouth, and then he asks: "How bad?"
, but I tried to ignore it. When--- when I told you I'd never wanted to touch another man before you, I--- I lied. I've liked other men. Wanted them. At school, and then, much later, in the army. But I never acted upon it. Told myself I was lonely, confused, mistaking comradeship for attraction and lust. When my sister came out to our parents, all hell broke loose. I--- I was scared our father would kill her. But she ran away and never came back. And then, afterwards… my father poured all his hopes into me, and I didn't want to disappoint him. I
"I… That would be lovely, yes. I'll tell you what – until you get your own, you can come here anytime you want and take care of my bees. Your mum and dad can help you with it. I'll make you a list with instructions. You can come even--- even if I'm not here, okay? I trust you. You can be my deputy beekeeper. "
grateful that you did. Because since the first time we met, Sherlock, ever since that very first look, not one day has passed on which you weren't on my mind. Whether we were together or apart, I always thought of you.
Sherlock raises his head and looks at him, his face flushed, and it's such a stunning sight that John simply
They have a doctor's appointment tomorrow. Another ultrasound, new pictures of their child, maybe finding out about the gender.
He dreams of John and Mary, dancing to the sound of him playing his violin. He wants to stop, wants to run from the stage; he can't
that there's this wild, sexual side to him. He’d always considered him an attractive man, definitely more than averagely beautiful (
"I love you too, Sherlock. Rosie loves you. I'll start therapy again. I'll do anything to make things right."
, and then he makes him turn around and puts his face where no one has ever kissed John before. He tells him that he tastes like heaven, and just when John thinks that he can't take anything more he grips his hips and moves him around again and lets him finish in his mouth, and he swallows all of it and moans with delight as he does so. John laughs and cries at the same time and tells him that if they had lube, he'd want Sherlock to fuck him
"When we met, I tried to make sand circles for you, John. Interesting cases. Murders. Riddles, deductions. From the moment you entered the lab, I knew I wanted you to stay with me. I'd have done anything to achieve that."
"Sometimes I wish I could just go back to how it was before--- before everything, Sherlock. Before I met Mary. Before I got her pregnant. Before--- before you jumped. Somehow I always imagine that if that hadn't happened, everything would be okay now. I know it's unfair to blame it all on that, and I know it's not the truth, but--- I like to think it all started back then."
"I adore you," he tells Sherlock, who is holding on to the edge of the bath on both sides now, and then he takes him into his mouth to softly lap at the plump, rosy head of his cock.
It's out. Time stops for a moment. Sherlock is looking at him out of wild, silvery eyes, clearly torn between wanting to answer his question and bolting from the room and the memories. John can barely stand it to see him like this, but he needs to know.
I go harder. A little faster. My bollocks, full and heavy already, slap against his buttocks with every thrust, the sounds and sensations catapulting me higher, ever higher. His knuckles turn white as he clutches my fingers and he bites the pillow to smother a shout.
He thinks about Sherlock, who's in his own room right now, maybe sleeping like Rosie, maybe lying awake as well, and wonders how the other man feels about it all.
"Tell me when I hit the spot, baby…" John then says and gently slaps Sherlock's flanks before taking them in a firm grip.
He’s looking up at me from under heavy lids, and I don’t know what’s more alluring – his lovely lips wrapped around me or his sparkling, staring eyes that are almost entirely pupils now, blown wide and so, so dark.
John almost screams when he goes faster still, trapping his erection between their hot, sweat-slick bodies, and Sherlock lets out a low, drawn-out moan and puts his hand over his mouth.
I want to clean the cleft of his buttocks as well to get rid of the lube gathering there, but stop in mid-wipe to watch, mesmerised, as my own come begins to trickle out of him and then slowly runs down his testicles and the insides of his thighs.
For the last half hour, Holmes has been acting in a peculiar way - which is to say, even more peculiar than usual. Taking some weight off my aching leg, I lean against the frame of our sitting room door and watch him, trying to deduce his motives and already knowing that I will most definitely fail. Echoes of his earlier words are reverberating inside my head, and I scrutinise them from all sides, looking for a clue that might illuminate his odd behaviour.
He props himself up on one elbow and then raises his free arm to hook his index finger into my collar. Just like the very first time. Slowly, he then pulls at me until our mouths are close enough to touch, and I shut my eyes. The kiss is soft, tentative, not more than a gentle brushing of lips against lips, but it means so, so much.
He lifts his arms and puts them around Sherlock's shoulders, hesitating before closing the distance between them completely. His scent is a blend of sweat, petrichor, and Mrs Hudson's washing powder, and Sherlock wants to drown in it and never come to the surface again. John gazes at him through the half-light and smiles shyly.
He’s so sexy. I realise that I don’t care that he’s a man. There’s no one else like him, and I want everything he has to give – his mind, his heart, and his body, too.
John can't believe that a genius like Sherlock could ever be so clueless when it comes to his own sex appeal, but he knows Sherlock isn't faking it. So he takes a leap of faith, annoyance and fear and amusement battling for dominance inside of him.
"So you thought, oh, alright, let's make him a bit jealous, didn't you?" he rants on. "And while we're at it, make him think Sherlock managed to get himself a
John cries out in what sounds like a mixture of pleasure and distress, his whole frame shaking in Sherlock's arms. And then, warmth spreads through Sherlock's insides, pulse after pulse after pulse, and he feels John's opening clamp down on his finger in time with the waves running through him.
He takes a deep breath and enters the room, which is much larger than it appeared from the outside. With a few deft steps he reaches Sherlock, and the other man spins around, holding out his hands to keep him back.
my voice sounds, and I find that I’m surprised at it myself. I'm torn between a feeling of raging, mindless hate for the people who did this to him and a confused sense of disgust at myself because all I want right now is bloody, merciless revenge.
to fall asleep, but a moment later his door creaks open and a weak ray of yellow light trickles through the crack and hits his face.
Sherlock shivers; John can feel the wave go through him from head to toe. He holds on to his shoulders and closes his eyes, and Sherlock shifts a little to align himself, and then it all breaks into fragments again. He's touching John now, his tip is pressing against him,
"It's not okay," John mutters, and Sherlock shakes his head against the memories, but then forgets everything around himself when John twists in his chair and slings his arms around his hips.
, dear,” she whispers. “Oh God. My poor lad.” She puts her hands around his face and kisses his forehead. “It’s going to be alright, Sherlock. We’re there for you, okay? You’ll be alright.”
Emboldened by this, Sherlock does it again, and a third time, and then kisses John's arse as if it was his mouth - long, wet, deep strokes of his tongue that make his nerves sing with pleasure and John's body vibrate with sensation. It goes on and on, with him losing track of time, and there's nothing else that matters now but this. He can feel John twitching and pulsing into his touch, softening, opening for him, and for a frantic moment all he wants is to bend him over and bury himself in him again and again and
"We've got time, John," he says against John's lips and takes his hand in his. "We've still got time."
She’s talked herself into a state of desperate rage, her eyes filling with tears. I shake my head. Poor Mrs Hudson.
I growl in frustration and push my crotch against his thigh, and he shivers and draws me closer against his front to wrap his arms around my neck.
Seeing Sholto again has caused long-suppressed memories to resurface, and he's aware of the fact that this might be a reason for the lingering unsettling feeling in his stomach, for the annoyingly persistent inkling that this is all
Every so often, Sherlock catches himself thinking back to John trying to say sorry for what happened
He nudges John's prostate with his fingertips, again and again, and begins to roll his hips against John's in the same slow, languid pace. There’s a lot of precome by now, and John can’t tell anymore if it’s Sherlock's or his own. Everything’s slick and warm there between them, and he bites Sherlock's neck and grunts against his sweaty skin, no longer caring about the sounds he's emitting.
My back is protesting by now, not used to being bent like that for extended amounts of time, but I ignore it. I pull my hand back until I’m almost all the way out, then thrust my finger back inside, and this time I can go further, and it’s incredible. At medical school, we used to joke about prostate exams and the more or less awkward training they required (I still feel sorry for all the compliant patients who let student John fumble around with their most intimate body parts), but now I’m happy that I paid attention – I find the small bump on the first try, and when I nudge it with the pad of my finger to gauge his reaction he shudders beneath me, his hands twisting the sheet he’s holding on to by now.
You're more intelligent than the rest of us combined. I can tell you know I'm right. I can tell you're hurting, deep down inside, where you don't allow anyone to look – not even yourself. Please let go, Sherlock. I--- If you want me to, I'll be there to catch you. If you need me to leave, I'll leave. But you need to let go before it can get better for you. Even--- even if that means I'll lose you. Please."
I smile at him then, because he’s so distressed and I want to make him feel better. He looks so young right now, so vulnerable. If he needs me to, I'll try to be the stronger one.
He remembers trying therapy again, and meeting the third Holmes sibling, and then there were explosions and mind games and things he's pushed to the very back of his head because they're too gruesome to comprehend. Death. Torture. A child's bones in a well with him. Being scared for his own life, and for Sherlock's. Asking himself whether he'd ever see his daughter again. Whether he'd ever get to make it up to her.
John glances over his friend’s shoulder and sees Greg, who’s standing in the middle of the living-room, looking forlorn. He can see that Sherlock wants to get rid of him and feels sorry for the other man.
” he exclaims and bucks up and into Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock pulls back and uses one hand to hold down his hips, a small gagging sound escaping him.
They walk over to the bathroom and John does stand in the open door while Sherlock pees, and Sherlock tries to focus on the fact that it's just transport right now, and that John has seen him without clothes before, and that the things that come to Sherlock's mind when he thinks of
I wrap my arms around him, realising that I don’t have to be the passive party in this, and meet his next thrust with one of my own, and being able to control the way he penetrates me gives me a new sense of security. If there’s pain, I can move and make it stop, and if it feels good, I can make it feel even better.
“You don’t have to---” he mumbles, sounding shy, but John puts his fingers into his hair again and runs his nails along his scalp.
He puts the plates down on the worktop and grips Sherlock’s forearms instead, closing his eyes and leaning into him. “You just had ice cream,” he murmurs.
He doesn't know what to do anymore. John is not going to leave. He'll see it. Sherlock is making him witness it all, and he's never meant for it to happen like this.
John tilts his head and gazes at him lovingly. Sherlock obviously reads this as an invitation to go in for a kiss, and for a while they lose themselves in it, kissing as if there was no tomorrow. Sherlock, firmly in John’s lap, wraps himself around him tightly, with both his arms and legs. John buries his hands in his tousled hair and sinks into the sensation of absolute belonging that fills him at feeling him cling to him like this.
“Do you remember the day you asked me to be your best man?” Sherlock asks in a voice John has never heard him use before.
They're watching his every step. They follow him everywhere, day and night. They even make him leave the door open when he goes to the loo.
. And you have it written all over you." He leans towards me, and I open my lips to meet his in a kiss, but before our mouths can touch, he changes direction and goes for my neck instead. "You're
badly, so he works his tongue against the underside of Sherlock’s cock and finally pushes in with his middle finger. Sherlock’s entrance grips him tightly, but he can slide inside up to the first knuckle, and the lubrication is enough to be able to move in and out with slow, shallow thrusts.
And now he's gone and abandoned John, and John is so taken aback by this behaviour that he can't even be angry at him. He only feels
John stays there, his hands and face pressed against the door separating him from everything he wants, until his feet begin to freeze.
In Sherlock’s eyes, he can see that he knows what he’s referring to. He hopes he’ll forgive him. He’ll never forgive himself.
It doesn't take him long to prepare Sherlock, not today. His whole body is yearning to be one with John, to be completed by him, and he can't wait until it's time, even though he wouldn't miss this – John's fingers inside him, moving, stretching, finding all his sensitive spots with unerring precision – for the world. He feels cared for and worshipped and
It lasts forever, and I give myself over to it willingly. I never want to return to real, solid ground again, but just stay caught up in blind ecstasy, here, with him, like this. For the first time in my life, I understand why people call it the “small death”.
“You can just stay in your bedroom, or in mine, if you need more time. Or I can find an excuse to visit her at her place.”
He rubs his face and imagines he can still smell John all over himself, and it gives him a twinge of bittersweet pain to remember what John looked like when he found his completion in his arms. What it felt like to doze off, his head still filled with white noise and impossible colours, their legs still entangled, John's tousled hair tickling his chin.
him. For using again. For disregarding his own life as if it belonged only to him, as if the people who love him (or at least used to do) didn't count. For manipulating him into coming back and doing this, for making him fall head over heels into madness again, into Sherlock Holmes' little game. And he's
John takes a deep breath, willing himself to stay calm. Somehow, he knew this was going to happen – but he doesn't want to spend this last family day arguing.
And yet, there he is, Sherlock Holmes, the love of his life, the remaining hours of his life slipping through John's fingers like sand, and he hates it, but there's nothing he can do.
“If I’d told you, you’d have fussed over me again, and said sorry, and felt bad, and I didn’t want that. I can’t--- I can’t deal with it, John. I can’t support you if I can barely keep myself from breaking down. I--- I also thought I could get over it. But then I realised I would not be able to do that without seeing her. Going to the clinic was the logical thing to do – the earlier, the better.”
Adrenaline floods his bloodstream, eradicating his exhaustion and driving the thoughts that have been pestering him since yesterday right out of his mind. John is hurting. He needs to get it out of his system, and Sherlock knows just the way to help him forget. Even if that means that he won't solve the case as soon as he could have done.
feel guilty – have been doing so ever since he went away, in fact. But I did the right thing, and I know she’ll understand as soon as she calms down a bit.
Then he draws John in for a kiss, and despite their slightly stale morning breath and a small confusion over which nose is supposed to go in which direction, John thinks that it's perfect.
"Get on top of me, baby, come on…" he pants. "You're so close… I want to feel you like that… feel you come all over me… oh
"I--- can't believe we're doing this. I'm seventy-six, for God's sake," he mutters as he puts the bottle aside again.
"If you don't tell me to stop, I won't," John whispers and nibbles his way back to Sherlock's lips to resume their kiss, more deeply than before. His thumb hooks itself into Sherlock's belt and
"I--- You don't look any different," he says after a minute of studying my face, apparently thinking about the exact same thing, and brushes my jaw with his fingers.
John despised him so much right then that it still gives him a perverted thrill of pleasure to remember it. His ramblings, the way he flailed, scalpel in hand, high as a kite. His crazy eyes. It riled him up, and he wanted him to stop.
John moans wantonly and shudders against him in ecstasy, keeps thrusting even when he's spent himself, and Sherlock savours every second of it.
“We’ll watch out for those bandages,” I tell him and bite the shell of his ear while I slowly push his robe off his shoulders. “The faster you’re fit to play again, the better.”
I move lower, his scent clouding my brain. He obviously cleaned himself before he changed into his pyjamas, and I smell body wash and skin and something that must be his own, musky fragrance, and it's surprisingly okay to kiss him down there, more than okay, in fact, and I grin to myself and finally lick his opening, teasing the soft, puckered ring with the tip of my tongue.
Mycroft Holmes is standing there, his back ramrod-straight, gazing at him with an inscrutable look in his eyes.
I bite my lip and stifle the scream threatening to break out of me, and he moans around me and clambers over my leg to get into a more comfortable position. He sucks me slowly, and it's tighter and warmer than I could ever have imagined it. His slick tongue circles my tip, pushes into the slit, moves my foreskin further down my shaft, and it makes me fall apart.
In the first two months after Mycroft’s departure, I hear nothing of him or Sherlock. I try not to worry – he said he wouldn’t be in touch, after all. Everything’s alright. He’s bringing him home.
. I hurt him, and then I left him, knowing that he had hit rock bottom and would never be able to get up again all by himself. I needed others to tell me to get myself together again – your mother was one of them. I'm not sure whether she knew about the depth of my feelings for Sherlock, but she knew I would never be happy without him in my life. She'd foreseen that she might not live long and left both of us a message – and we did as she said. We talked, and worked, and after a while I moved back in with him. The rest is history."
, he thinks. Why did he say that? Why did they fight? Why did Sherlock send him away under false pretences? Why did he tell him he was a fake, when only yesterday he tried his hardest to convince John that he wasn't?
John shivers and leans against his thigh, and Sherlock rubs his upper back in what he hopes is a calming fashion, all the while trying not to think back to the last time they were touching like this, or almost like this, because he knows it would evoke feelings of being misunderstood and abandoned that he can't deal with right now. Or ever.
"Okay, now I'm starting to believe in ghosts after all," John retorts disbelievingly. "One of them is currently possessing you, making you think that listening to
Then several things happen all at once. Sherlock speeds up the pace of his strokes and thrusts, causing flashes of red light to dance in and out of the blackness behind John’s lids. Something wet drips into his crack, and he realises that Sherlock has just spat on him (oh
"Boys, I’ve been meaning to say… If you ever need some time on your own, you know, to get some work done or go out to--- well, whatever it is that you do when you go out, I’d be more than happy to help out again. Rosie and I had such a great time yesterday. Didn’t we, Rosie?"
"It was--- It happened near the end of my journey. In Serbia. I'd gotten caught, and of course they wanted to know who'd sent me and what I wanted. When I didn't tell them anything, they tried to… encourage me."
He lies back down, rolls onto his side, and draws the duvet up and over his shoulder, making himself small. His body is aching with the unfamiliar effort of crying like this, and maybe it's his exhaustion that finally makes him slow down, his sobs turning into hiccups, his tears drying down to prickling trails of salt on his skin. He wishes he could just sleep, sleep until it's over, until he wakes and finds that the nightmare has ended and John is there, in his room upstairs, or in the kitchen making tea, or anywhere, really, anywhere close by.
John follows his friend’s lead, moving his mouth against Sherlock’s in an unhurried pace, letting him decide how fast or slow he wants to go.
, could ever make me feel this way. Being the one person in the world who’s allowed to see him like this is exhilarating and frightening all at once.
"All I ever do is think," he murmurs, and he looks so small and crestfallen that John wants to throw himself at him and hug him, shower him with love, show him that he's perfect just the way he is.
They manage to rid themselves and each other of all their clothes even before they reach the bedroom, and Sherlock takes a last look at the floor and the trail of garments littering it before pushing John through the door and all but throwing him onto the bed.
“John!” he exclaims and smiles broadly. “What a pleasant surprise. Come in! Lestrade was just about to leave.”
John finally sets down the book he’s been reading and turns to face his partner, ready to grant him all of his attention. “Listen, love,” he says as he takes Sherlock by the hand. “I don’t mean to jump to conclusions, but is there something bothering you?”
Well, it is out now. I know how hard this must be for him - from what I gather, Mrs Hudson has almost been like an aunt, or even a mother, to him. They have known each other for decades.
John, with all of himself, and he needs to feel him now, to tell him with his body what he can't say any other way.
The last time he called, there was no talking, and no sex. I lay on my bed and cried, and he was there, listening to me, murmuring into my ear that it will be alright, that he loves me so much, that he’s so, so sorry.
I end the call and get up to get the whisky from the kitchen, and then I take it to his bedroom, where I lie down on top of the covers and drink straight from the bottle until I fall asleep in my wrinkled clothes, surrounded by memories of a night long, long ago.
His stomach tingling with affection, John leans his head into Sherlock's touch and enjoys the heat of his skin seeping into his own.
His eyes are boring into mine so intensely that my mouth goes dry. I want to pounce and take him, make him mine, and yet I have never felt more of a blushing virgin than this very moment. I am sure he would laugh if he knew.
of semen meeting skin amidst Sherlock's deep, throaty moans, and it's the most sensual combination of sounds he's ever been lucky enough to witness. And then a small streak of wetness hits him in the cheek and runs down to the corner of his mouth, burning like lava on his over-sensitive skin, and his tongue sneaks out to catch it, taste it, memorise Sherlock's essence, bitter and salty and perfect,
He's almost sure that she didn't come, but she doesn't ask for anything more, and he doesn't offer it.
"I'll understand if you can't be with me anymore, Sherlock," John says, his voice breaking. "I--- I can move out today if you want me to. You shouldn't have to live with this. You--- you don't have to forgive. It's--- okay."
I don’t know what really happened on the roof and I don’t know if Moriarty was there to witness our last conversation or not. I don’t know where Mycroft’s men have taken Sherlock. It’s a
When he got back from Afghanistan, John found himself caught up in conflicting emotions. On the one hand, he hated being alone. He hated it up to the point of depression, but whenever he left his dull little flat and tried to escape the loneliness by what Sherlock likes to call, with a disdainful eye-roll,
I rub my tongue against the bundle of nerves right under his tip and then draw him inside as far as he will go, and the sensation of him throbbing against my palate makes my blood boil with the urge to go even further, go all the way with him. I pull back and let him slip free, moving my palms to his sides.
“I needed to see her. I couldn’t bear not knowing, not having a real face to fight off the images my mind provided me with. I tried, but it wouldn’t let me sleep.”
remark about the moral dubiousness of fooling small children into believing in talking animals, and even that one seems rather muted and half-hearted.
in love with you… I don’t even have the words to tell you how much. I want to show you again and again.”
kind of together, I was surprised to find that I could fall so hard for another man. You taught me things about myself I’d never thought possible before. I wanted you, your body, all of you, so much. After a while, I realised that I should have been even more surprised to be
Sherlock’s hands have slid down his spine and come to rest on the small of his back, and he’s pulling John against his body with almost urgent pressure. He’s bowed his head, too, so that John doesn’t have to stand on his toes anymore, and he’s all around him now, strong and a bit bony and so very
He’s big, but not scarily so, and I’m happy that he’s long rather than thick, because he’s replacing his fingers with his penis now, pressing into me, his blunt head spreading the now slack ring of muscle up to its breaking point, or at least it feels like that.
Everything inside of John is screaming at him that this can't be happening, that he's crazy, finally pushed into losing it by the memories, the trauma that visiting this house has evoked in him – everything but his heart. His heart is beating against his ribs so wildly that his head can't keep up and eventually switches to auto-pilot.
But he can't seem to find relief. He wants to just pass out so badly, yearns for the silence and blessed hollowness of sleep, but he's aware that it won't come to him unless he helps the process along.
"Do you remember when we used to do this at Baker Street?" John asks. "The bath was about half the size of this one."
He feels disoriented and it takes him a while to figure out what happened and why he's naked under the duvet and why the air around him smells like sweat and sex and
Sherlock is a little nervous because he doesn't like being looked at while naked, without his armour consisting of impeccable designer outfits and perfectly groomed hair, but for some reason it's not so bad now – mostly because it's
John knows what Sherlock's body feels like inside now, and he knows his beautiful face contorted in the sweet throes of orgasm. He knows what his come tastes like and what it's like to spill himself inside Sherlock's mouth while the other man moans around him as if what he's coaxed from John was his own pleasure too. It's been only one day and they've tried it all now, all except that
do I find that so sexy?) and then makes a show of nonchalantly sucking the remaining half of the sausage into his mouth and chewing it slowly, his eyes fixed on mine.
That’s when Sherlock closes the distance between them and wraps his arms around him from behind, and John’s eyes snap open again, his knees buckle, and he has to lean back and into the solid body pressed against his back to keep his balance. He’s surrounded by warmth, and the sweet scent of bergamot shampoo, and
John also remembers sleeping so little and drinking so much in the week that followed that one day he forgot to pick Rosie up at Molly's after work. In his stupor, he simply forgot that he had a daughter, and he still hates himself for it. That day, he just went to the pub as soon as his shift ended and stayed until the bar closed, and then he took a cab home and just carried on drinking. He drank the whisky straight out of the bottle and never noticed that his phone was still on mute, and when the doorbell finally rang, he simply didn't react. He was on the floor by then, and he didn't care who wanted him, and he couldn't have gotten up even if he'd tried. When they broke the lock and entered the flat, he laughed. What an unlikely pair they were, Greg Lestrade and Mycroft Holmes. Lestrade went into his messy kitchen (he hadn't cleaned it for weeks) and made him coffee and Mycroft hauled him to the bathroom and into the shower, and as the cold spray rained down on him, drenching his clothes and making him shiver, strong hands shook his shoulders and a silky, yet furious voice said: "If you kill yourself, John, my brother will die. You know it. He'll
” Sherlock whines, his thighs twitching, and John pulls back and lets him slip from between his lips.
He tries to keep his tone neutral instead of incredulous, but he can tell he's failed almost immediately – the moment the question leaves his mouth, John bristles at him.
I use my thumbs to rub soothing circles over his sharp hipbones, the fabric of his trousers rasping against my skin.
"No," he whispers and slides his palms downwards again, along Sherlock's sides, and then up his chest, until he can take his face into his hands. "No," he repeats. "Never again."
Sherlock gapes at him, looking taken aback rather than offended, and John takes a deep breath to gather his composure. He knows he has to tread carefully to avoid this evening going downhill from here, but he's also determined to make Sherlock understand what he means to communicate.
"I guess I’ll need to call my therapist," John finishes and gives a small laugh that doesn’t sound merry at all.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," John says. There's no use beating around the bush now. "Please. I'm really sorry."
He gets on his knees in front of me and pulls down my trousers and pants in one go, and then his mouth is on me, on my thigh, in the crease of my crotch, sliding over my bollocks, his tongue stealing a taste here and there. I can only try to keep upright and
Sherlock leans into him and does, and John kisses back and slowly starts to thrust. In this position he has neither a lot of room nor leverage to go hard, but the feeling of being one, of touching each other everywhere at once, makes up for his limited range of motion a thousandfold. Sherlock follows his lead and gives back in kind, rubbing his cock against his stomach whenever he lifts his hips, and after a while they manage to find each other in a rhythm that works for both of them.
"I've reserved a table at Angelo's for tomorrow night. If you want, we can go and have dinner there. I thought--- well, it's sort of where it all started."
I nod, and she grins at me, her blue eyes sparkling in the ugly neon light of the clinic’s coffee room.
Finally it comes, and he meets it with all the strength he's got left, and then John is there as well, his release shooting out of him and into Sherlock's body, hot, so hot against his inner walls, and John fucks him through his orgasm, going deep, snapping his hips against his arse in time with the waves running through him, and it's enough, just enough to make it happen one last time.
He realises that he’s talking much too fast, but it has to come out somehow, and fast seems to be the most comfortable way to do it. John gapes at him.
Watching him wrap his lips around one half of the sausage and then bite it off doesn’t help me to stay focused, and I chide myself for getting distracted (and horny) from seeing him engage in such a perfectly ordinary activity. I feel like all the pent-up sexual energy that I have accumulated during the last two years is now crashing down on me with vengeance, putting me in a state of perpetual arousal. Of course, he wouldn’t be himself if he didn’t know.
Before my brain can catch up with what my body is doing, I’ve got the lapels of his jacket in my hands. I push him against the wall, hard, and the back of his head hits the wallpaper with a dull thud.
"They weren't lying," is all that Sherlock can think to reply, and then John pounces, attacking his neck with his lips and his tongue, and his hands are still in his hair, his nails raking along his scalp, and he melts into it and lets himself go.
We stay silent for a while. He keeps crying, but I think he’s enjoying me caressing his face and his ruffled, sweaty hair, so I continue to do so, keeping my touch gentle and my rhythm steady to lull him to sleep again. Ever so slowly, his breathing evens out.
He feels his whole being shrink and reduce itself to the sweet pressure of being filled, the heady trickle of lust pooling in his middle, ready to flow over and engulf him in white heat.
John makes himself a sandwich and eats it with Sherlock's head in his lap, and then they just watch TV, John feeding Sherlock with sweet tea and biscuits whenever he gets the chance.
He's so tired of getting up each day. He's tired of his work, of his colleagues, of his so-called friends. Not one of them knows who he really is, and not one has ever cared to find out. The only one who ever really saw him for what he was has been gone for a year now, and there are days when John has to concentrate hard to even be able to recall his face in front of his inner eye. At the same time it often feels as if it had happened only days ago. The pain is still so fresh, and yet he's numb all over, has been feeling like that for months now.
He turns back to face John, a pleading look in his eyes, and John nods despite himself, trying to overcome the despair and fury boiling in his stomach. He takes Sherlock’s face into his hands, runs his thumbs along his brows, his cheekbones, memorising the beauty of it all.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow for the fraction of a second, and John knows that he’s seen that something is off.
"Let me get a wet flannel to clean you up, okay?" he says and kisses Sherlock's shoulder. "We've made a right mess of your---" He pauses, surveying the combined evidence of their passion, which is covering Sherlock's front and thighs and, he's sure, the largest part of his bottom as well. "Well, of your everything, really," he finishes, feeling a new fit of laughter pull at the back of his throat.
"I'd like you to keep a somewhat closer eye on him today, Mycroft," Sherlock says quickly, grimacing against his reluctance to ask
“That was a bit of a scare,” he says and laughs. “Sorry! I hope everybody’s doing fine. The cabin crew will be with you again shortly. Please do not hesitate to tell our lovely flight attendants if you need assistance – or maybe a nice strong drink. I know
He's surprised how little he minds her asking that question and wonders whether he should have talked to her about it long before now.
I think about him inside of me, the delicious ache of being filled burning in my centre, about him rolling his hips, his face buried in my neck, about his voice moaning my name. I think about Egyptian sheets clinging to our skin, damp with sweat. About my fingers in his hair, and his lips kissing my ear. I want that, I think. All of it. All of
He rocks his hips and groans against Sherlock's shoulder blade, and it's so good that Sherlock has to put his palms on the solid surface of the sink in front of him to keep his balance. His elbows wobble, and he whines under his breath and pushes back, his body on auto-pilot, his fingertips slipping on the cool marble they're resting on.
Sherlock's lips do something weird then – if John had to guess, he'd say he's trying to smirk affectionately, but he can't be sure, because he doesn't know Sherlock all that well yet and so far has never seen him do anything even remotely like this. What does affection mean in Sherlock's world?
They almost fall asleep afterwards, snuggled up against each other and nearly fully submerged in the warm water, and John has never been more in love.
"You're gorgeous," he mutters under his breath. "I love that I'm allowed to see you like this. Your eyes… I've never seen eyes like yours before. Sea glass eyes."
He stares and listens to him pleasuring himself and thrusts until his abdominal muscles start to spasm, and then he
I hold the back of his head and push, then pull him up again until I almost slip out, then push down again, holding him there for a second before starting all over again, up, down, again and again, faster and faster, and he just lets it happen, uttering small, groaning sounds of pleasure that tell me he’s very,
He utters a short whimper and spreads his legs. He’s inviting me in, I think, and my heart swells at the thought. Sherlock is giving me access to his most private place. I’m the luckiest man on earth.
"How about a bath? I have to go to the Yard later and should probably try to get presentable again beforehand... Why don't we combine a necessary act with a pleasurable one?"
I do. This time our kiss is deeper, more urgent than the one we shared last night, and I moan into his mouth when our lips and tongues slide against each other, rubbing, tasting, exploring long-lost territory with gentle, but determined curiosity.
I’m not allowed to pick them up from the airport. Mycroft says he’s got a car waiting for them, and that we should meet at the flat. Less suspicious. Sherlock wants to stay under the public’s radar for a while – no need to let everyone know that he’s back before he’s up to his former strength.
"Sherlock," John groans and licks a long stripe up the cleft of his arse, pressing his tongue against his perineum to rub and nudge and tease, and it's not nearly hard enough, not even
Sherlock wants him to stop talking. It’s too late now, anyway. So he turns his head and claims the other man’s lips once more, his hand slipping into the collar of his jumper to caress the soft skin hiding underneath. John gives in to his advances without hesitation, and he is grateful for that. He doesn’t know how to deal with the situation any other way than make John and himself forget that this is the most messed-up they’ve ever been - and there is only one method to achieve that.
"Ye-esss…" Sherlock whispers as he rocks them back and forth with gentle, ever-slowing thrusts, his mouth on John's temple, his hands in his hair. "John,
His brain refrains from giving a snide comment when he goes to the bedroom and lies down on top of the rumpled sheets, curling himself around the negative space where John’s body used to be.
Sherlock sits in front of him, frozen in that strange sort of stupor that tends to befall him when John compliments him on his outer appearance. John has always found this endearing, but also a little sad. Sherlock is driven by praise and flattery in almost every respect, as John found out early on in their acquaintance, but whenever the topic of his own sex appeal comes up, his otherwise brilliant brain shuts down. For some reason, he can’t seem to grasp the whole extent of John’s adoration—not even after all of their years together.
His name is a prayer, a caress on John's lips, and Sherlock's guilty conscience mounts. It's not John's fault that everything's so difficult. He told him so last night, and it still holds true.
good ones, and he also knows that Sherlock being so strong and in such a happy and energetic mood is something he would never have expected a week ago, but nevertheless he's sad and a little disappointed when Sherlock wakes up and looks at him and he immediately notices that today won't be like that at all.
After a while it becomes a mantra he doesn't have to think about anymore, and John keeps moaning wordless encouragement and shoving back against him, harder and harder, faster and faster, until---
In the quiet semi-darkness of his old bedroom, John looks inside himself and stares in awe at what he can't describe with words that will do it justice.
“If you’re worried about protection, let’s get that out of the way right now, alright? I’m clean. Do you know your status?”
They meet in a slow, careful slide of mouth against mouth, their lips opening to breathe in each other’s air, their tongues sneaking out tentatively to touch, to explore. John can taste himself in Sherlock’s mouth, and nothing has ever been so intimate, so
“Sleep it off now,” the older man murmurs into Sherlock's hair. “I’ll stay until Mrs Hudson comes back.”
” He grinds his hips into mine in a clear imitation of another, much more intimate act, and my knees buckle in reflex. A low, rumbling sound makes its way out of his chest. “Please,” he adds huskily.
His face is tense. I myself feel my stomach churn with mild nausea, but I breathe deeply and try to fight it off. We cannot afford losing our nerve now.
I feel like I’m standing still while the earth is moving around me – my life is stuck on pause, and all I have to break the monotony are sporadic calls or visits from Mycroft and, even more sporadically, the sound of Sherlock’s voice, coming from God knows where and only ever staying with me for half an hour at the longest.
. My hands grip his shoulders, so hard that it probably hurts, but I need something to hold on to as I lose myself in him. My seed gets smeared between our bodies, making the slide of his loins against mine slicker still.
thing, and John is willing to give it to Sherlock whenever he asks for it. He told him so, and he meant it.
His tone is still light, but there's no denying that this is another facet of his personality I have yet to discover: John Watson, the seducer.
Oh, God. Though Sherlock has never really been the type to adhere to the rules of personal space, there are times when it’s one or two innocent steps too close, and there are times when he uses it very deliberately as a method of driving John mad.
me do, and… it drives me insane to know that this is his victory over me. He didn’t manage to kill you, or one of the others, which is all I’ve ever wanted. But he’s won over me, because this is affecting me in a way I couldn’t have predicted. I keep falling, and it tires me so to get up again. I thought I was… stronger.”
“My legs,” he whispers all of a sudden, tearing me out of the mindless frenzy my need for him has become. “John--- my legs…”
John watches Sherlock sit down on his bed and then get under the covers. His friend looks young and pure and somehow smaller, more delicate this way, naked except for his underwear, and he loves the contrast of his raven hair against the white pillows.
"Enjoy your evening," he says before stepping into the hallway, his cheek twitching, and for a short, crazy moment I wonder if he's going to wink at me.
“Sherlock. My love,” John breathes and kisses his sternum. “Want you so much,” he says. “Want every inch of you.” He then moves to the left to find Sherlock’s nipple and flick it with his tongue, turning it into a hard, pebbled nub.
“That’s it, sweetheart,” he murmurs into his ear, his nose buried in the mussed-up curls sticking to his temple. “You’re being so, so good for me.”
John gasps soundlessly when he sees the scars, but doesn't ask, doesn't break the almost reverent silence encompassing them. He trails the red, gnarly ridges with his fingers as if memorising them, so gently, and his touch takes some of the phantom pain that's still lingering there away.
He focusses on the now instead and lets his fingers slip further down to cup John's testicles, kneads them gently, feels their plump weight rest in his palm, and John hums again and raises his head to look at him, a punch-drunk expression on his face, his eyes glazed over with desire.
"I love you, Dad," she says and touches his hands, which are still clasped in front of his chest. "Tell Father I love him when he wakes up."
“Does this find favour with you?” I ask huskily, self-confidence returning to me as I sense him melt under my touch.
He's thankful for it. As hard as it is to admit it, and as much as it goes against his deep-seated instincts of not allowing anyone except John inside his walls – he doesn't know if he would have survived it all without Mrs Hudson, whom he has long stopped perceiving as only his landlady. She's become so much more to him.
"In 1975! Sherlock! I'm sure one more day wouldn't have made a difference. Why did I allow you to drag me along for this? I could be at home right now. Comfortable.
He pounds into him and comes, spills himself into the wet heat surrounding his cock, and it’s so good that his vision goes black for a moment. He can hear Sherlock chanting his name as if from far away, over and over again.
Sherlock nods. John looks at his lips, then back into his eyes. There's something running wild inside his stomach, making him ache with pleasant need all over, making him helplessly gravitate towards Sherlock, closer, ever
wanker that ever walked the earth. “On reflection, it probably wasn’t a very good choice of gift.” But I still kept it. Because I love you, you idiot.
He does not reply, but his breathing is growing heavier as he increases the speed of his ministrations, and when he presses one of his fingertips into himself, prodding, teasing, I cannot restrain myself any longer and tenderly push his hand aside.
“Yes… absolutely,” Sherlock replies throatily, and John immediately pulls lightly at the smooth strands of hair between his fingers and meets him in another kiss, which turns out slightly more heated than the last.
"I do," he says. "I want you. Have done so forever. And since yesterday, since experiencing you and me together, I can hardly stop thinking about it. You've opened the floodgates, John."
I bite my lip, and a million possible reactions to this run through my head in record time. How do I tell him that he's so,
He returns Sherlock’s stare and gets up, and the way Sherlock’s muscles tense up ever so slightly as he approaches him makes his heart beat faster.
" I moan and throw my head back against the pillow when my back arches off the bed and my arms and legs go tense. "Oh GOD!"
I let go of him after a last, drawn-out lick up his tailbone and wipe my mouth with the back of my hand.
Sherlock bites his lip. His body is reacting to John's touch more readily than it has done in a while, and he allows himself to melt into his embrace and let it happen.
"If you want to take a cold shower – I can watch Rosie before I go to the Yard," he says and smirks.
Two tries at relationships, at safety, and how old is Sherlock again? Somewhere in his late twenties? Early thirties? (John makes a mental note to find out.) It's a shame.
That earns me a grin, one of the sort I am already familiar with - it means that he is going to show me now, and I had better brace myself. Our banter seems to have eased his nervousness, as we are treading on familiar paths right now, if only conversation-wise, and I am happy to see his old confidence return.
He raises his head and purses his lips, and I get the hint and shuffle closer to kiss him. His lips are hot – his whole face is glowing.
“The newspapers were right all along. I want you to tell Lestrade; I want you to tell Mrs Hudson, and Molly… In fact, tell anyone who will listen to you that I created Moriarty for my own purposes.”
who has succeeded in provoking this reaction in a man who never allows himself to lose control of his own body, feel myself follow suit. Our difference in height makes it difficult to touch in all the places that count simultaneously, but Holmes has bent his head and knees and I have risen to my toes, not even noticing the strain the position puts on the wound in my thigh because his tongue is there now, wet and soft, tracing the seam of my mouth and, when I open it to grant him access, the insides of my lips, insistent and imploring like the man himself, and maybe I should not be as surprised by his passionate approach after all.
moving now, falling into a fast, primal rhythm of back and forth, and as I grind against him like that, rutting like an animal, I feel the last traces of my inhibitions slip away.
My breath hitching, I comply. I have to put down the phone to wriggle out of my jumper, but I’m naked in record time, and when I speak to him again, I’m already a little out of breath.
“I’ll go and freshen up. And yes, I’d love a cup of tea then.” She turns to leave the kitchen. “Oh, and boys - the conventional kind, please.”
He reaches out, Sherlock can see it from out of the corner of his eye, and puts his hand on his shoulder. Holds on tight.
“Your jaw and fists are clenched. Your face is slightly pale, and when I came into the room, you were tapping your left foot repeatedly against the floor. Why are you nervous?”
I suck in a sharp breath when I feel the first touch of my hand on my hard, pulsing flesh, and in my mind it’s really him doing it to me, his long fingers wrapping around me with gentle pressure, his thumb playing with my tip on every upwards stroke.
"Sherlock, I--- I adore you too! Don't you see? And yet, I feel guilty for doing what we just did - I feel
He carefully pulls himself into a sitting position and helps John to arrange the pillow under his head, already missing the weight of his lover's body draped halfway across his own.
"Why don't you lie down now?" he says. "We don't have to update the blog until the weekend. We can do this later."
Sherlock utters a strangled moan that goes right to John’s heart—and between his legs. His cock is straining against his pants, begging to be freed, but he tries to ignore his own need for the time being. This is about Sherlock. He can wait.
He’s panicking, tears pressing against the back of his throat, one of his hands flying to his mouth to keep them inside. Sherlock turns back around and hugs him then, holds him very tight, and there’s nothing sexual about it now; it’s just a friend comforting another.
I watch as his face sets into an expression of blissful agony, listen to him inhale and exhale staccato puffs of breath through his clenched teeth, and I am almost there now, too,
Sherlock is sobbing now, lost for words, and John wants to spend the rest of his life in bed with him to hear him make those noises, and to be the reason for them. He bites down on his clavicle and sucks, then lets go and licks the spot to soothe the pain. Sherlock whimpers and starts to shake all over.
"Sleep, my darling," he then murmurs and runs his fingertips along Sherlock's brow, then bends down to lay a tender kiss on his forehead. "Get some rest."
“Yes,” he mutters and hums deeply as I run the flat of my tongue along his whole length, from root to tip and back again. “
"Can you--- finish like this?" John asks, still moving, still raining kisses onto every part of him he can reach, seemingly oblivious to what’s going on inside his head. He might just be too far gone to care. "Because I’m--- I’m gonna come.
After a minute or two of doing exactly that, John notices that Sherlock has gone very quiet. He raises his eyes and finds him propping himself up against the sides of the bath, white-knuckled and wound up as tight as a spring, his mouth open and panting silently, his eyes closed and his brow furrowed in what looks like concentration. He rubs his tongue along the underside of his cock one last time, ending with a small nip at the sensitive spot right underneath the crown, and then lets him slip out to straighten up again.
He walks into the small, dingy bathroom and puts the phone on the shelf over the sink before closing the door and locking it. He never goes anywhere without this phone. Everybody who tried to take it from him would have to pry it from his cold, dead hands. It's his only way to contact Mycroft to call for help if things really get bad. It's his only connection to everyone back home. To John.
Sherlock's asleep, and John takes in the faded bruises around his eye and the almost-healed cut on the bridge of his nose and swallows his guilt. He did this.
more.” I move down his body, kissing a wet trail from his shoulder to his lower back, and position myself behind him. “Get the petroleum jelly.”
My heart beats faster at that, and I am amazed by the intensity of the reaction. I always thought I knew what it means to be in love - I
“On Friday and Saturday I had to attend a medical convention in Berlin,” he starts. “I flew back here on Sunday, and the flight was the most horrible experience I’ve ever had. It was absolutely frightening, Sherlock. We flew right into a thunderstorm, and for a while we all thought we were going to die. I think even the crew thought so. Everything was shaking, and we kept on falling into air pockets, and then the lights went out… I don’t know – I was just so scared. I thought--- Well, I didn’t want to leave without telling the most important people in my life goodbye, telling them how much--- I---”
Sherlock moans and lets go of him, hastily attempting to unbutton his cuffs, but John runs his fingers down his arms and gently grabs his hands to keep him from doing so. They part with a low, smacking sound and look at each other, breathing heavily.
“I should have been a better man, Holmes. I did wrong by you by assuming you were not capable of---”
humiliated. He shouldn't have lied to her. I can stand up for myself, and if he protects me from admitting to my own mistakes, he just takes the opportunity to make up for them away from me.
He mewls softly. I wish I could be closer to him now, but his back is still too tender, so I knead his flesh where I’m allowed to touch him and save the rest in the back of my mind, like a to-do list for next time, all the while moving my hips in short, deep thrusts, trying to find the perfect angle to give him stimulation in the places where it counts – it’s work, sort of, but his shudders and cries when I hit a good spot make up for it.
“You’re ready,” John tells him, and it’s about time, too—he’s light-headed with lust by now. “Come here.” He pulls his hand away and wipes it on a corner of the sheet, too impatient to get a tissue from the bedside table. He needs it now.
At least Rosie is safe, he thinks. In a fit of what he now assumes was premonition, he left her with Mrs Hudson for the night, travel cot and nappies and bottle and all, so it doesn't matter that they won't be home before tomorrow afternoon.
I straighten up and lie down halfway on top of him, keeping my bad leg out of the way, and then I pull my fingers out of him and replace them with the head of my cock as quickly as possible to make the transition as easy and smooth as I can.
John senses Sherlock’s legs go weak when the other man groans and holds onto his shoulders for support, and he smiles against the dark purple silk of his boxers. He breathes a hot puff of air into it, his cheek pressed into the hardness hiding underneath. He bites down on the fabric bunching up under his mouth then, bites down hard, and he’s never done anything like this before, but fortunately it’s much easier than it looks. Sherlock watches him as he pulls the garment down using only his teeth, and the expression of absolute rapture on his usually so calm and composed features leaves every cell in his body singing with pride.
He gets up and takes Sherlock’s hand, trying to make him get up as well and follow him, presumably to the bedroom. “Come on. Undress me. Make love to me, and look at my face while you do it.” He leans down and puts his mouth right next to Sherlock’s ear. “
He suffers through it, somehow managing to not throw up after all, and he feels himself go number now, an endless void opening up in front of him that sucks any and all emotion out of his being and leaves him floating in nothingness. It doesn't feel good, but it doesn't really hurt anymore either, and that's at least something.
John snorts to hide the violent surge of affection this provokes in him, but even as he grapples for something to reply that doesn't involve the words
"You left the baby monitor on," John whispers into his ear and kisses his cheek, dabbing his tears away with his lips. "Sshhh…"
He came back with his schemes and his cocky demeanour and his coat and his cheekbones, unchanged, just as suave as the day he went away (
She speaks so fast that John barely has time to react, but he doesn’t know what to say anyway. Without his brain consciously telling it to, his hand moves up and over the place where the folded napkin sticks inside his pocket, separated from his skin by several layers of clothing.
six-year-old in the face who has the audacity to say something rude about our daughter, or only a select few?”
"I'm sorry," John presses out, and then, for the first time in weeks, he gives in to the pain and begins to sob.
"God," John pants and just keeps going, working against the resistance of Sherlock's body clenching down around him in the throes of the aftershocks, and when the head of his cock, already engorged in preparation for the final blow, presses into his prostate once more, Sherlock feels it wash over him again.
Exhilarated by these memories, John speeds up his pace, hollows his cheeks, makes the view enticing for the man he knows is still watching him. Then he lets out a long, loud hum, feeling his own voice vibrate through their connection.
I push my tongue past his tight, puckered rim, and immediately his whole body jerks back and into it, begging for more. I grant it willingly, eagerly, and for a while the only sounds breaking the silence around us are the wet, filthy kisses I administer to his opening and the wanton moans he tries to hold inside, but which escape from behind his hand as small, breathless sobs. I wonder if he could finish like this - the noises he is making right now are more than enough to spur me on to try and find out.
John doesn’t hold back; his heart is full to bursting. He wants to stand outside on the street and scream it to the whole of London; he’s
"You're the only one I'd be happy to learn from, John," he replies silkily. "I'm a quick learner, too."
I fold in on myself when it hits me, and I shake against his arse as I spill myself deep inside of him, my hands still on his hip and cock, squeezing, kneading, stroking to make it last for him, and he cries out again and pushes back against me, clamping down on my cock, holding it inside.
Without intending to, I have used the assertive, slightly gruff voice I usually reserve for more formal situations which are in some way related to my military past, and Holmes would not be himself if he had not noticed. He grins mischievously.
What does it mean that he is behaving so strangely now? Is he really feeling guilty? He had warned me of the danger before I agreed to come along, after all. What is it that makes this day different from all the other ones we have so far spent roaming the dark back alleys of this city in pursuit of villains that we knew would take a dim view of being confronted with the consequences of their deeds?
He can’t look at those eyes any longer; it’s much too intense, so he looks down and at Sherlock’s hands instead, which are now making their way up his legs ever so slowly, his thumbs pressing small circles into his flesh and teasing him until John can’t control himself anymore and allows his hips to jerk up and forwards into the touch.
He likes to make people assume otherwise, but deep inside he knows he's vain, and it bothers him. It's so dull. So
Shaken by the force of Sherlock's advances, John has to grab his hips to keep his balance, and Sherlock uses the momentum to pull him against his front with his free arm and holds on tight.
John smiles over his shoulder and slips his left hand between them to tug at the belt of his dressing gown, making it fall open and expose his nakedness underneath. Sherlock gasps when John's erection springs free and slips between his thighs from behind, its tip coming to rest against Sherlock's testicles, prodding them, hot and insistent and
I rut against the mattress, aroused beyond belief, and lick a long, slow stripe up his hardness. My loins are burning with the need to come, but I want to take care of him first.
“Well… As you said, whatever I have to deal with, you’ll have to deal with as well, and… I just want to know if you want to be with a man who’s not… free.”
Sherlock hesitates for the fraction of a second, then slowly bends down towards him; he gets up on his toes simultaneously, and then, finally, they meet halfway, first their noses, then their mouths.
"I love you," he says, because John can’t hear him and is too far away to be able to read his lips. "I'm a fucking idiot. But I love you."
"I'll call your brother, dear. It's going to be alright. Just--- just wait a moment, yes? I'll help you up."
Sherlock’s chest is smooth and warm against his, and his back is muscular, but the skin there is littered with ridges and bumps, and John’s kiss stutters to a halt as he lets his palms roam over this part of his friend’s body.
“I know,” John says, his nose brushing against Sherlock’s. “And I will support any decision you make. But Rosie is going to be happy with you no matter what. You truly are her hero, you know that?”
He takes a bite of his scrambled eggs on toast (I went full English today – he’s really much too skinny for my liking) and shrugs.
"Thanks, Molly," I say. "I'm sorry - I got a bit overwhelmed there. Saying goodbye, you know. Is there--- I don't know, is there maybe somewhere Sherlock and I can talk in private for a minute?"
"I loved watching you lose control," he tells him. "My reserved, collected man… letting go so wantonly when touched the right way…"
"I don't know," John rasps, and his hand returns to his lap to clasp the one that's already there. "I want to blame it on grief and suppressed emotions and guilt, but the fact is--- I'm--- I'm sick inside, Sherlock. I'm addicted to it. I'm fighting it now, and I--- I promise I'll never hurt you again. I'd rather die than let that happen. But… if you want a reason, I--- I can't give you one. There
He needs me to take control, and I will. My heart is hammering a staccato rhythm against my ribs, but I try to appear self-confident on the outside. I'm about to do something I've never done before, and I'm nervous and aroused in equal parts.
I can't help but gasp in shock when I remove his bandages and see the stitched-up gashes and cuts littering his once so smooth and unblemished skin.
John is not gay. Everybody always assumed otherwise when he and Sherlock were living together, but John loves women. Always has done. A silly, hormone-fuelled crush in his school days, or a too-intense touch, a too-long look between two mates, back in the army – it all doesn't mean he's like that. Who knows what the hell goes on in a teenager's mind? And during battle, it was only human to yearn for reassurance, for contact.
, you taste so good… and you're so hot inside… I want to pleasure you all night… with my mouth, my hands… my
"It was…" I reply. "It was the best thing that has ever happened to me… not counting the day Stamford brought you to the lab and you moved in with me."
Sherlock’s back is covered in scars. They’re not very old – a year, tops. They’re still mostly red and gnarly and haven’t taken on the silvery hue of older ones yet. They tell a story of violent blows, deep wounds, unspeakable agony. He feels sick.
He feels simultaneously restless and strangely knackered, his mind grappling for a hold on reality while at the same time hesitating to leave the comforting emptiness of sleep.
"I want these inside of me," he tells the younger man and raises their hands to his mouth to kiss his knuckles. "I want
I tell him that I’m sorry for not acknowledging his problems sooner, for assuming that he was alright, for leaving him alone in his pain and only caring about myself. He says he doesn’t blame me, but I want him to. I was wrong, so terribly wrong, in thinking that he’d always be the strong, confident mind machine, the fighter, the one who always solves the case and finds the culprit and then just carries on.
Sherlock’s gaze softens at that, the fine lines around his eyes crinkling, though he still looks slightly embarrassed. “All that matters to me is what you think of me, John,” he says, very quietly. “You and Rosie.”
"Oh, God." He looks up and fear fills his pale face and his eyes that always seem to be a different colour. Today they're a piercing blue.
“Are you ready for dessert?” Mrs. Hudson asks, even though I'm not even half done with my first plate of food.
I held his wrist, still warm and covered in blood, hoping and praying I would feel a pulse. But there was nothing. No heart beat, no sign of life whatsoever.
Mycroft sighs and rolls his eyes—the classic older brother face. “You can't see John yet. You need to shave and cut your hair. You need to make a plan.”
"The newspapers were right all along," I go on. "I want you to tell Lestrade, I want you to tell Mrs. Hudson, and Molly . . . in fact, tell anyone who will listen to you that I created Moriarty for my own purposes."
I take a sharp inhale and wipe my eyes. I raise my head and give one quick nod before turning and walking away. It takes everything in me to walk away from my best friend. I made a promise to myself to come back every week to put new flowers around his headstone and to talk to him—to say the things I should have said before.
But he hasn't yet, and this will be the last day he visits. He has nothing left to say, and I don't blame him.
John looks around and starts walking back across the street. "Where?" he asks as soon as he reached the sidewalk where he was before when he got out of the taxi.
Two hours later, cleanly shaven and wearing my signature coat and scarf, I leave Mycroft to his “very important business” and take a taxi to Baker Street.
It's when I hear a man—my brother—say, “Leave us. I'll try to get answers myself,” that I know I'm going to make it.
I let out a long breath and look over my shoulder to make sure Mrs. Hudson didn't come back before I rest my fingertips on the cold stone.
He smiles and nods lightly. His face is pale and his lips are chapped and cracked. He looks like absolute shit, but I'm to happy (and relieved) to see him. None of that matters right now. He's home.
One of the pedestrians that was around when it happened helped me over to a nearby bench and sat with me, and that was the only thing holding me back from screaming my lungs out—the only thing holding me back from following Sherlock . . .
Mrs. Hudson comes back upstairs to make sure I’ve eaten and to see if I need anything before she goes out.
When Angelo comes back I order pasta, the same thing I got last time, and roll a straw wrapper between my thumb and forefinger while I wait for my food.
My heart sinks, reminding me it's still there and beating. I've been away for over a year. I left in December, after Christmas. And five months after that I came here, which would have been May. . . John had a Christmas without me.
John puts his right hand up like he's surrendering when he hears the urgency in my voice. His left hand is still holding the phone to his ear and he backs up. "Alright."
Mrs. Hudson and I are going to Sherlock's funeral today. I'm surprised at the amount of people that are there—I honestly didn't expect anyone to come. But they did. Molly, Greg, Anderson, and even Sally Donovan came, and I tried not to tell myself that she's the reason Sherlock is dead in the first place.
Sherlock is still in his room by dinner time. I make myself soup and biscuits and sort through my emails while I eat. I’ve been receiving emails from fans of Sherlock since they heard he was back, but I haven’t replied to any of them. It doesn’t seem like my place.
When I come home from the grocery store I still expect him sitting in his chair with his fingertips pressed together, thinking.
I turn back after a few steps as the tears start to escape, streaming down my face. I don't bother to wipe them away. “No, please, there's just one more thing, mate. One more thing—one more miracle—Sherlock, for me. Don't . . . be . . . dead,” my voice breaks on the last word.
I shake my head lightly. I don't want Mrs. Hudson to know what I went through. I don't need to worry the poor woman any more than I already have.
I make a mental note to have Mycroft's men find them and have them arrested—or killed, I don't mind.
Sorry for the short chapter, I'm trying to get ready for Camp NaNoWriMo, so the updates might be shorter and more irregular so I'm sorry for that but I'll try to update as much as possible!
I was hiding behind a row of trees today, and leaned against one that wasn't half as sturdy as it looked. John glanced up, but didn't see me. I ducked down just in time.
It takes everything in me not to step forward. But I keep my face blank and hide underneath the low branches of a tree. John might have seen me if he wasn't so caught up in his whole speech.
Tell me what you thought of chapters eight and nine in the comments, I want to hear what you have to say about it :)
Mrs. Hudson holds my arm the whole time. I think she's afraid that, if she lets go, she'll lose me too.
Escape is what I should be thinking about instead of him. But those eyes . . . I can't get them out of my mind.
Just when I think I'll be here forever—when I keep refusing to give them information and they keep torturing me, even though there isn't much of me left to torture, Mycroft steps in.
” Mrs. Hudson says quietly. “All of the science equipment. I left it all in boxes, I don't know what needs doing. I thought I'd take it to a school,” she looks at me. “Would you. . . ?”
We both stare at each other for a moment, trying to keep a straight face, before we both start laughing uncontrollably.
Mycroft is sending me somewhere in Japan or something to take care of some of his unfinished business.
"Everything they said about me," I continue. "I invented Moriarty," I look back at Moriarty's dead body laying behind me on the rooftop, blood streaming from his head and pooling all around him. The gun is still resting in his limp hand.
When I wake up in the mornings I still expect to find Sherlock to be standing at the open window playing violin.
Ten men come out from behind the trees wearing all black. They have masks on, so I can't see their faces, but I know they aren't some kids playing around.
“I'll rent it,” I tell her, before I even make up my mind, “I'll even move back in if you want, just please . . . don't let anyone else live there. Not yet.”
“would you do . . ? Just for me, just stop it. Stop this.” I gesture at his grave as if he will just burst up through the fresh dirt and tell me it was all a joke.
Angelo places a steaming bowl of pasta on the table in front of me and I thank him. When I look back out the window, the figure is gone.
She nods. “Okay. I'll leave you alone to, um. . . you know.” She lets go of my arm and walks away. I can hear her crying and I turn to see her take a tissue out of her purse and blow her nose.
I take my phone out of my pocket to call Mrs. Hudson, but I know it's no use—I can't force her to come every week.
Mycroft rolls his eyes again. Nothing has changed. With him at least. “Alright, fine. You don't have to see a doctor, but you should at least make yourself presentable. Watson will think you're homeless.”
make sure to stay out of view while I watch John talk to my headstone. Little does he know, sitting below him in the damp, fresh dirt, is an empty coffin. I try not to think that someday I will fill that coffin. I wonder who would go to my funeral then, when I'm old and have lied to them more times than I can count.
But it’s going to be the same. I’m going to tag along to crime scenes and be the person he talks to while he solves the crime. I’ll pretend I know exactly what he’s talking about and it’ll piss him off when he realizes I don’t.
John pulls the phone away from his ear and shakes his head, blinking back tears. He puts the phone back up to his ear and says, "Leave a note when?" even though I'm certain he knows exactly what I'm talking about, even if that's the only thing I'm certain of right now.
Mrs. Hudson dished up at spoonful of Trifle and put it in a small glass bowl. I wonder how she had the time to make all of this in such a short amount of time.
I walk across town to 22 Northumberland Street. I go into the restaurant across the street. Angelo is at one of the tables, taking someone's order.
I didn't want a funeral, and I would probably want one less when I'm old. I never cared much for scenes, unless they were crime scenes.
I inch closer to the ledge, looking down at him. "John," I say, hoping he will hear the longing in my voice—the longing for him.
I don't know what month it is exactly. I know it's been around six months since I got here because one of the men holding me hostage said, “We've held him for six months and we still can't get any answers,” but what would that make it? April?
Hi! Sorry it's been awhile since I updated this story. I kind of lost my inspiration for it and didn't know where I wanted it to go.
“Well, I'm glad to have you back,” she says quietly, still not looking up at me. “Whatever the reason may be,”
Although I'm sure she knows the answer, I say, “I couldn't be alone anymore. The flat I was in was small and boring. Plus, I knew you could use the company.”
I nod and take an bite of beans, mashing some up and scattering then across my plate so it looks like I ate more than I did. I learned this trick from Sherlock. If you mix your food around and crumble it up, putting some in piles and scattering the rest around, it looks like you’ve eaten more than you have.
I lean my head back against the wall, with my knees still pulled up and my forearms resting on them. We sit there for awhile—Mrs. Hudson and I—not saying a word, but still being there for each other and finding comfort in the silence we share together.
Today is the first day since his funeral that I've been to Sherlock's grave. It's nice to see Mrs. Hudson. I haven't seen her since I moved out, either. It's what I look forward to out of these weekly visits.
Two men are standing at my side. One is asking me questions, and when I don't give them answers, the second one cracks my back with a whip. I've gone numb. I don't even feel the pain anymore.
"Okay, shut up, Sherlock. Shut up. The first time we met. . . the first time we met, you knew all about my sister, right?"
Mrs. Hudson recently decided to start dating again. I’m not sure how it’s going because she won’t talk to me about it, but she’s been going out quite a bit lately. I hope it’s the same guy and that they’re getting along well, but it’s more likely that she’s going on dates with different men.
he three of us (Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock and I) eat dinner together, and even though Sherlock has been back for half a day, I still feel like he's going to disappear at any given minute. I can tell Mrs. Hudson feels the same way; she's been staring at him through the whole meal, her eyes widening every time Sherlock moves, like she expects him to stand abruptly and fling himself out the window or something.
I turn the corner and walk to Lauriston Gardens, the first crime scene I took John to, and stand outside of the house for a moment.
She doesn't say anything, she just stares sadly at her Trifle like it was the one that said that and not me.
I laugh and he stares at me sadly from the ground, probably wondering for a moment if I'm right. If I'm really
“Alright,” John says, sighing and rubbing his hands together. “That should do it. Do you need pain killers?”
The list is actually quite ridiculous. Because John is on that list four times, and not the fact that I'm starving and won't make it much longer.
I'd seen plenty of dead people before in the army, but this was different. This time no one knew how the person died. They weren't just stuck in the line of fire.
I silently thank Mycroft for teaching me so many languages, because without him I'd have no idea what the man was saying.
I look up at him and his eyes are stunning in the soft afternoon light creeping through the dusty curtains. I think about the day I left—how bright his eyes were against the gray sky. They were almost glowing.
“I was so alone, and I owe you so much,” I say, wishing it wasn't too late to say these things to his face. Wishing it wasn't too late for . . . well, everything.
He closes his eyes and shakes his head. "No, alright, stop it now." He starts walking across the street again.
I pass Baker Street, even though I know it's risky. I walk up to the door, and almost knock, but stop myself just before my knuckles hit the door.
I spread my arms out and fall forward off the building, hoping that something will catch me—trusting that this will all go according to plan.
I open the door to 221B and as soon as it closes behind me I slump to the floor and I pull my knees up to my chest, letting my head fall into my hands.
My face falls when I see the empty space beside me. Because John isn't here. He hasn't been for months now, but I still can't used to the feeling.
I open the middle drawer, pushing my razor and shaving cream aside to get to the back. A box of blades sit there and I pull them out, opening the box and taking one out.
I stood across the street and watched him sit at the same table we sat at together, the night after he moved in. He looked out as Angelo was arriving with his food, and when John looked away, I took that as my cue to leave.
She came with him today, and I heard her talking about how they're going to come back every week. I remind myself to come back, too. Just in case.
Sherlock has barely touched the food on his plate, which would be normal for him if his ribs and hip bones weren't sticking out so dramatically. The only clothes that fit him were pajama bottoms with an elastic waist and a white tee-shirt. Most of his clothes were donated after he left, but I kept a few of his things. I'd like to say I kept them because I thought he would come back, but that isn't why. I kept them because—
I grab his hand and put it back on my cock to let him feel how much I want him, and he sucks my bottom lip into his mouth and bites down on it while sliding his fingers up and down my length, giving me the stimulation I've been craving at last.
When they left the cottage a few hours ago, John wasn't prepared for the flirting, but he's not going to let Sherlock's good mood go to waste.
"You didn't learn it any other way. And I gave you many reasons to be furious with me. Too many," he says quietly.
Mrs Hudson is standing in the kitchen door, staring at Sherlock with an expression of utter disbelief on her face. Her eyes are huge, and her hands are shaking. We somehow missed the sound of the flat’s door being opened, it appears.
This can't be happening, John reaching out and pulling down his zipper, fumbling with the hook and button next, then slipping two fingers into his boxers to pull him out.
He wants to stop thinking about Sherlock's icy, unseeing eyes as he lay on the ground with so much crimson blood running down his face. He wants to stop tearing himself apart by wondering whether he could have prevented it somehow. He wants to stop regretting the things he didn't say while he had the chance. There's no point.
It's wet. Hot. So slick. So good. Sherlock's breath. His tongue. His lips, his teeth, his purring moans.
John gives them a head start and then walks over to where Sherlock and Henrietta are still standing between two of the hives, engrossed in conversation.
“You are not a man of words, indeed… but to have reduced you to this degree of taciturnity fills me with a certain amount of pr---”
"You're dreaming again," I say into his ear, trying to give my voice a soothing tone. "It's okay. It's not real. Ssshhh…"
He makes no move to rise. Instead he looks up at the older man with what he knows John will interpret as his “bedroom eyes” (he says he likes them like that) and reaches behind himself to slip his hand into the slit between the seat and backrest of the couch. When he’s found what he’s looking for, he pulls it out and holds it up for John to see. It’s a small bottle of lubricant.
I have never seen him this flustered before. If it was not such a serious matter, it would all be quite amusing.
He nods against my neck, still quite upset, it seems, so I rock him back and forth gently, like a small child.
"We were, my darling," he says lowly, right into Sherlock's ear. "You're right. We were great together. In everything we did. I loved being your partner. Working with you. Living with you.
It’s difficult to remember to say everything that’s important right now – we’ve got weeks, months, perhaps
She buries her face in his chest and giggles, and before he can shush her, Sherlock huffs and stirs.
He trails off and moans pitifully. Sherlock wants to help him, but he doesn't understand what's going on, and then John suddenly sobs, loudly, sounding so desperate that Sherlock is scared Mrs Hudson will hear and come upstairs and find them here, like this, but he can't do anything but hold him, cradle his head against his chest, and let him cry.
"We're trying to find out what became of our client's grandmother, Lady Emmeline Marlowe-Mottershead, who disappeared under suspicious circumst---" Sherlock answers, but John interrupts him.
When John runs his palm down his hip and then digs his fingers into his buttock to knead it, learn the feel of it, Sherlock inhales sharply and buries his face between John's neck and shoulder, his damp, stuttering breath hitting John's skin, and John shivers and bites his ear, groans into it and hears him mirror the sound with one of his own. Sherlock's cock is throbbing against his abdomen, rock-hard and silky, and he takes it into his hand to get to know it, too. A low whimper makes it out of Sherlock's throat and he thrusts into John's fist in reflex.
His voice breaks again and he hiccoughs lowly before another sob shakes his shoulders and makes Sherlock's throat hurt just from listening to it.
He takes my hand in his to steady me as we slowly make our way up the stairs to my room, and I am both touched and bewildered by his concern.
Sherlock sinks into John as they kiss, a small sigh escaping his parted lips and slipping into John's mouth along with his tongue, and John's palms slide up to hold his head and he gently runs his fingers through his hair.
John reaches out and brushes an errant curl out of his forehead, tucks it behind his ear, and Sherlock's whole body is covered in goose-bumps immediately.
Sherlock is standing before him, his mouth slack, his eyes heavy-lidded and unfocused, not moving at all.
“Make some room,” John whispers and nudges Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock shakes his head as if to clear it and does as he’s told. He unfolds his legs so that John can slip between them and put his own legs around his narrow hips, lowering himself into his lap, not breaking eye contact the entire time. He then slings his arms around Sherlock, bringing their fronts together until not an inch of air is left in between, and he rests their foreheads together.
After a while, he slows down and then stops, and we just stay like that, all our limbs entwined, arms wrapped around each other in a vice-like embrace, trying to catch our breath.
We spend almost the whole weekend like that – he keeps swinging back and forth between the will, the
Everything I say sounds silly and meaningless. How do I tell him that he’s all that matters to me? How do I beg for forgiveness so that he will grant it? He’s taking much too long to reply. I'm more scared than ever before. Am I going to lose him now, so shortly after I got him back?
When he got back home, Mrs Hudson fussed over him and Mycroft kept a close watch on his doings and whereabouts, both of them not quite prepared to believe that it was really over for good. Sherlock didn't hold it against them. He understood that before things could go back to normal, he'd need to prove it to all of them first. He himself was confident that he'd never use again, because slipping would mean losing John forever.
Sherlock, ever so observant, seems to guess what’s going on inside of him, because he pulls back and grins, then kisses down John’s length to nuzzle his bollocks and nip at the tender skin with his lips.
He gets what I mean and keeps going, harder, a little faster, and every thrust hits right home. Although I’m a doctor and obviously know the theory of it all, I can’t believe how great this feels. I’m right on the verge of orgasm, but not quite getting there, and it’s the most wonderful kind of torture.
to occupy his mind with, but he knows he's too restless to really get any serious work done. Nothing distracts him well enough today. Nothing will make him stop thinking for a while.
I break off when my body starts to shake from head to toe and look down to see him move upwards again, giving himself room to take my release, and then everything around me fades to flickering waves of light and colour and white noise.
They end up in Sherlock's bed again, because the shower is too small and slippery and Sherlock wants the real thing, all that John can give, and John makes sure that he gets everything he wants and more.
