She straightened, her jaw clenching as she answered stiffly.
"He's been dizzy the last few days with headache, but you know how he is. He's refused to bring a doctor in or even to stay in bed." Charlotte was answering him and Bucky snorted. That sounded like Steve alright.
“Like I said, I never loved chemistry so much as I loved machinery and I didn’t have the right tools or the means of creating them to do the job right.” Tony sighed wistfully. “What I wouldn’t do for a proper lab and my best shot at it though.”
“Hunting? “Tony asked into the silence. Steve resisted the urge to bury his head in his hands. He leaned forward watching the door creek nearly closed.
"Won't Frauline Werner expect to be invited for super, being an old friend of the family? Herr Hammer seems to believe that is the case." Tony reminded him, because there was always a catch (always a boot to drop) when it came to Tony’s personal happiness.
"He can suspect what he likes, but there's safety in ignorance and you know that Bucky."
He found himself gripping Tony’s arms for support, his fingers no doubt digging painfully into his skin but Tony kept his hold on Steve steady, making no attempt to free himself.
So much for promises. His mother had warned him about making those too.
He was aware on some level that words were coming out of his mouth, but it could have been a string of lurid curses, or a deluge of holy prayers for all that he paid them any real attention. And then Stefen’s tongue was moving again, his cheeks hallowing as he sucked and – Oh fuck,
Despite himself, Tony felt a smile tug his lips. Thank god for Artur. He and Sara were the only ones who embraced Tony's rebellious nature with cheer, brimming with such innocently youthful enthusiasm.
~~*~T~*~~
You could also, coincidently, use it to carry the highly combustible explosives you’d made; but that was a selling point Tony felt it was better to leave out for the time being. No need for anyone to get nervous.
Someone had to hold the proof that they had been there; they had lived.
It was time then. Tony gave him a wink and surreptitiously slipped through the press of bodies, over to where he’d left the captain’s mandolin, still wrapped up in the same sheet he’d found it under in the attic.
“Yes. I knew he was wrong. I didn’t know how else to stop him.”
Ian glowed like the sun had taken up residence in his chest and in contrast Natacha and James had gone stiff, dark expressions staring somewhere past their father’s shoulders and refusing to meet his eye. Tony wondered if Rogers had any idea how much each of his children wanted his approval. How starved they were for it and how easy it would be to turn one against the other if he appeared too often to give the scraps of his attention to a favorite. He thought not at first. And then…
Artur struggled in his grasp and Tony made sure to hold him tight, leaning down to his eye level.
Didn’t they all know it.
Maria’s eyes widened in delight as she leaned over to whisper excitedly into Artur’s ear. They all watched the boy, who was meticulous marinating his food in his meat sauce, expectantly.
That was not entirely the point and Steve got the feeling that Natacha knew it, though she was too wily not to look entirely innocent as she cut away a bite of her Zwiebelkuchen. He knew he'd been played but found it hard to be angry about it. Peggy had been like that, always knowing how to play the people around her. Steve included. She'd never used her wiles for ill that Steve had known about and he could only hope that he was raising a young woman equally as good. God help them all if he wasn't.
Tony shrugged, and smiled thinly as he reminded them all that the whole thing was the biggest of risks. It was always a risk to resist.
“Where are you going?” He called, already following her.
He found Julia and Hammer hovering outside the drawing room door, eavesdropping on what sounded like a very intense exchange between the countess and the baroness. Julia jumped as Tony came up behind them and had the grace to look guilty for being caught but Hammer just sneered.
Unless of course she did, which was a possibility. One Péter very much didn't like the thought of as jealousy flared hot in his chest. His displeasure must have shown on his face because she scoffed loudly and pushed past him with a shove. Wincing Péter called for her to wait, but she didn't so much as pause in her stride as she called back over her shoulder, "We shouldn't be on the street when they discover what we did."
Over on the couch Bakhuizen groaned like a man in need of a stiff drink.
“I need help getting it into the right hands. Sam's too easily disposed of. A man followed us to the train and I don't think Sam would have made it to the border if I’d tried to give it to him. They’d kill him no questions asked, no one would notice him disappearing.”
"Stefen?" Charlotte's voice came from behind them, followed by the woman herself as she ran up to the bed, nearly knocking into Virginia who had sensibly snatched the washing tub from the vanity and was running back with it. Charlotte paled at the sight of Steve crumpled over the side of the bed, heaving and gasping for all he was worth.
“Hate to say it, but I agree with Stark. This isn’t our problem. You’ve got trained people for this Coulson.”
Steve closed his eyes, heart throbbing painfully in his chest. No. That wasn’t it and Tony knew it.
“You hear that Bakhuizen! Duty calls!” another voice said, and then in the din, Bucky’s voice rising above the others. Full of laughter.
“I-I have to go.” he stammered, eyeing the last passengers boarding the train. He pulled away from the man and his family and rushed to catch up with the line.
“B-But Joshua is not!” Willamina insisted, clutching at the collar of her blouse. “He’s a catholic, same as anybody.”
He'd expected to find that they'd gutted one of the old house sets and propped it up for imagination's sake, but the device sitting on a table full of cannibalized parts was nothing close to the frankinstinian object of his imaginings. It was for all appearances a military grade transmitter radio, the kind one might find on a naval ship.
Before Tony could put the poor kid out of his misery, Ian was shaking his head and repeating boats.
“Hey Ian, patatino, let’s take a break.”
“I don’t think it was that. I think he just didn’t want to mix up the work with his family.” Kirk shrugged. “He was the same way about the wife. You’d see their faces, hear their names on people’s tongues, but then you’d start thinking about it and you’d realize you did’t know anything about them. Not really.
Tony blinked, taken off guard by the sudden change in subject. He’d all but forgotten about the Baroness, but he hadn’t forgotten the gossip that the maids had shared about her. Rumor had it she and Stefen had something of an understanding.
“I picked up on that.” Tony chuckled, but the sound aborted into a gasp as Steve’s fingers brushed against a nipple. It was different than Steve was used to, he thought, as he touched there again, rolled the nub gently between his fingers, but that shivery gasp coming out of Tony’s mouth was the same where it mattered. He liked the difference he decided. He wanted to know what else would be different and suddenly couldn’t wait a moment more to see all of Tony.
Memory was a tricky thing. Tony could recall every verse from a book he hated just as clearly as he could recall the last time he'd seen Natacha genuinely smile.
The hour of midnight finally arrived. There was no knock on the back door, so Tony clutching the letter he’d prepared in hand, opened it and stepped out into the back garden. Looking out over the expansive grounds and the iron fence wrapping around the side of the house, it all looked as still and beautiful in the moonlight as ever, but of course there was nobody in sight.
“Thank you Sara, I needed one of those.” He quipped dryly but Bucky wasn’t fooled. A fellow would have to be made of stone to resist Sara.
“It could also mean the end of cold and a monumental leap forward for industry, not to mention medical research. This would advance society in ways we previously could never have imagined.” Tony insisted passionately.
“He’s done it!” Hammer cheered, a fist raised in jubilation and the maid Hortense let out a squeal, clapping her hands joyfully.
“What the hell?” He’d snatched one of the papers before Steve could stop him, and had sworn loudly when he’d turned the page over to reveal writing on both sides.
They were all moving and talking after that but what really struck Steve nearly deaf and dumb was Artur, who took one look at him and made an explosive noise of delight, zooming toward him like a bullet to target.
“Vienna is too dangerous. Kirk won’t put his men in danger by going back there. The closest he can meet us is their stop Budapest. We get them on the ship, he’ll take it from there.” Bucky answered the question with a grim expression and Tony’s stomach tightened with unease. The pieces were coming together and not putting together a very pretty picture. Thirty minutes, Steve and Bucky with three escaped prisoners in uncertain condition, and miles between them and safety.
“Your German is like a block of wood. I have held fish that were warmer.”
“God, have mercy.” Willamina shuddered, swaying on her feet. Hortense quickly pulled out another chair from the table and guided the woman into it before she could fall into it.
"I've given up trying to understand you two. Just tell me you didn't overwork him. It’s Christmas eve and the day has barely begun."
"Who?" demanded Bucky once more, and Tony rolled his eyes heavenward because it was beginning to sound like they had an owl trapped in the room.
Tony was still drinking in all there was to see of the camp, the squat buildings that made up the barracks – both those meant for officers and those meant for prisoners – and the administrative building perched at the top of the pile like a king upon a throne. Throughout the yard there were dozens of prisoners in striped prison uniforms, watched closely by armed Gestapo. They appeared to be on their way to work assignments or either just returning - their faces streaked with dirt and heavy with misery.
Whatever was going to happen, it was nothing good for them. Ian was sure of it down to his bone. Because the impossible had already happened.
Steve repressed a snarl as heads bobbed and voices nodded in agreement with the thought that the children detained indefinitely at the institution in Munster, many of them half
"Can I steal your partner?" Tony heard, his heart thumping heavily in his chest as Stefen tapped him upon the shoulder.  Natacha’s whole face lit up and Tony resigned himself to the fact that he’d just lost his dancing partner. He moved aside with a flourishing gesture, placing Natacha’s hand in his and Stefen rolled his eyes upward as he drew Natacha toward him, but that smile was still betraying him. The little one that refused to budge, that was half wonder – as if Stefen had just realized he would never be happier than he was in that moment. The same smile Tony was wearing.
"Yes.” He cleared the block in his throat. “Yes… I'll think about Charlotte."
“He’s an unemployed monk now.” Steve muttered, jotting down a few more choice words. “What is it?”
He’d gone back to the hotel and when sleep had remained illusive he’d found himself pulling out Stark’s letters again. He remembered getting the first one, thankful to finally be off his feet and away from a crowd. When the desk man had come to deliver the post he’d been eager for news of the children. He’d torn open the envelope and eagerly begun to read, only to be met with pages and pages of the most dull drivel he’d ever been subjected to.
His eyes wandered over the windows as he played, over the paintings, never really landing on anything, lost to the music.
"My family and I have been here twice. My father is ever so close with the Führer." Rita bragged, her eyes narrowing on Natacha before they moved back to Ian. "Your father is the war hero isn't he? Don't deny it."
“Funny, but you look a bit like him.”
It was just proof wasn’t it? People became their parents whether they’d like to or not.
“Good, we’ll come back Thursday.”
The monk just nodded thoughtfully and murmured, "That is what they say, but you see I wonder... Because I know this young man. He’s intelligent, I'd go so far as to say brilliant, whose gaze is not fixed at the end of a rifle. His eyes are on the stars and all their mysteries, and without him we might never know what they're made of. That young man matters a great deal to me, which is why I wrote to the International School of Geneva."
“And yet he is wrong.” Tony insisted.
And Tony hoped that Stefen could see that where they were was so much better than where they’d come from, and how things could get better for him and the children still.
For the first time in years he found himself thinking about the mandolin his grandfather had made him.  They’d come back from the war. Steve had only been sixteen but he remembered it, like it was yesterday…
“A pair of zealous idiots who threw away their lives for love?” Tony sneered and Stefen laughed. “Just about everything.”
Jann was ferrying information back and forth between headquarters and their informant in the office of the Wehrmacht.  She was overdue by a couple of days, and they were all beginning to worry.
“My fags, yah got ‘em?” For all his bravado, he couldn't keep some of that nervousness from seeping out into his voice. Reconciliation on Karachonya was part of the Roma code. They’d offered it to each other, but neither one of them were stupid. They knew it wouldn’t be that easy. Bucky had walked out, Roma don’t leave the familia. It was the ultimate sin for a Rom Baro, and Bucky had walked out on them to preserve himself. Like father like son. But even as he thought it, he knew he’d do it all over again. Follow Stevie to enlist. Beg his parents to stay where he could find them, send money to them. He’d give it all up, for them, for Stevie, again and again. He tried not to hear the voice of fear, the one that insisted Stevie wouldn’t give it all up for him in return.
Tony immediately turned to look in the sideview mirror just in time to see an armored truck roar into view full of armed soldiers with rifles pointed in their direction. Oh damn. Damn damn damn damn -
"Is she Austrian?" Tony replied without turning around. "Turnips, onions, carrots. We won’t go hungry."
“Somebody’s coming up the road.”
One time, a new book had arrived a few days after father had left on a campaign. Ian remembered that Mama had opened it with him and there had been a little note inside that had said: Here’s a friend so you won’t miss me. Practice hard. When I get back I’ll need someone to read me to sleep.
Stefen smiled but it didn’t reach his eyes. He squeezed Tony tighter and Tony burrowed deeper into his embrace, suddenly feeling chilled wherever their bodies failed to touch.
"Is that it?" Tony bit out through the tightness in his throat "Is that really all you want?"
“Gone where?” he demanded to know. The deportations were finished for the time being and most of the looting contained, but it could still be dangerous this far out in the country, what with escapees on the run and patrols searching for them. They’d roped the local HJ chapters into helping them in their search for runaways. As soon as he thought it Steve realized where Péter must have gone. Where did he always go when he snuck out, thinking Steve wouldn’t notice?
"I'm not here to hurt you." He tried again, voice shaking and Wanda whimpered, burying her face in her brother's arms and murmuring something lowly in German that Tony could only catch pieces of over the sounds of the storm outside.
Natacha dropped her spoon on her plate with a loud clatter and glared so ferociously it nearly drowned out the roar of indignation, all of the children clambering in a combination of shock, confused anger, and hesitant delight over the prospect of a new adventure.
Now that the baroness was on her way to pick them up and take them to their new life it was time for Tony to go. Artur and Maria got some silly idea about hiding, as if grownups cared enough about how children felt not to leave exactly when they meant to. They’d been found of course, just in time for his escort from the naval office to arrive to come and whisk Tony away.
“Haven't you had enough, James? We may need you to play a few more sets-”
“Seventh. What’s the sixth?” Péter asked, curious and she laughed.
His mind was a terrible thing.
Sub-Lieutenant Amsel led Tony briskly through busy corridors with polished floors, past open office doors and groups of uniformed men and others in sharp business suits. Preparing for war on sight seemed to be a booming enterprise. Tony got the feeling as they walked that eyes were following them and whispers just a step behind. If he strained his ears Tony had no doubt he’d hear them.
She didn’t know what it meant to be Roma. Not the way he did. She was as much part of the people who had enslaved and hated gypsies for hundreds of years as she was a gypsy herself. Rightfully more so, but even here, the way he looked at her offered no judgment.
Dr. Fischer’s eyes snapped up to the housekeeper at the bold announcement, his hand freezing with the needle mere inches from the man's forearm. The glare he shot the woman was intense and cold, heavy with the full might of the Reich behind it and Frau Hogan shivered. A gossamer motion, but there all the same. Still she didn't move and her voice was steady as she insisted, “I think it for the best.”
Oh god... Tony stumbled forward beginning to slide and lose his footing. He caught himself just in time, pausing to fight for breath and gulp down the surge of panic. Had Ian ever even been on a sled before? He could break his neck! And as soon as he thought it the visions came, Ian twisted and broken somewhere on the side of the mountain or splattered at the bottom. Oh God. Oh god oh god oh god.
“Your mother dear. So little was known about her. It’s always such a wonderful challenge, untangling Italian ancestry. Some, as you know are as aryan as the early romans,” she prattled on and Tony barely resisted rolling his eyes, because he’d wondered when the Nazi’s were going to try and claim that. He finished the song with a flourish, thankful once again for his strong memory and the ability to split his focus.
“Why?” Bucky asked, ever the straight shooter. When he had Coulson’s attention he gestured aggressively with his cigarette between himself and Stefen. “You want something from us or you wouldn’t go through all that trouble of spying on the captain. So what is it?”
Steve, usually lulled by Bucky’s soft singing, gritted his teeth and snapped for him to quiet. Miles of that, and Steve’s nerves were worn raw. It wasn’t that he was worried about anyone overhearing Bucky singing in Romany out here on the open road, within the privacy of the car. It was just that Bucky was trying to prove some sort of point, as if it had been too
“Don’t jinx us.” Bucky grumbled next to Steve’s ear.  Steve was glad for the company.
Steve blew out a long breath, his shoulders twitching. Bucky spared him a moment of quick, sharp consciousness at the sudden motion but then fell back under when there was no sight of immediate danger. Over at the table Zimmerman had pulled out a deck of cards and was silently losing at porker with some of the other soldiers.
“Speaking. Who is this?”
“Yes, it means it’s not likely.” Artur nodded slowly, fidgeting in place. He still looked worried.
Even in his state Stefen managed a frown at him, the nickname registering. Tony saluted a farewell, trying for jovial, and hurried from the room on shaking legs.
It was the same one he’d first arrived in and clothing donated to the abbey was notoriously undesirable, this one more than most. This suit looked like it had been coughed out of the belly of the clothes munching monster that inhabited the place where fashion went to die.
face for that matter. He wanted to be above the feeling, but he wasn’t. He still found himself looking at his uncle Isiah and Grig at odd moments, sneaking glances at them out of the corner of his eye just to experience it again and again. Like a man addicted.
“…Pseudopods?” after a moment of wracking his brain Tony remembered his first night, chattering about the different types of spiders (mostly to get under the Captain's skin) and Artur making a fuss with James. He wouldn't have thought Artur had cared so much to remember the conversation.
Upon reinterring the ballroom, Tony was gratified to see that the others had found Bucky and collected together on the stage. He was surprised to find Stefen there amongst them, trying desperately not to look awkward and failing miserably.
“Doesn’t it? You have a hard time trusting my family. Let’s not pretend that you find drifters and exiles easier to trust.” Tony was the one to take the captain by the elbow this time, guiding him toward the north end of the square, the opposite direction from the one the girls had taken. Maria Santiago had sent word the day before that another letter had come and they needed to collect it.
When his breathing had mostly steadied and he felt he could, Tony straightened, and Bucky let his hand fall, returning it to the steering wheel. He had to be stronger than this. They were lucky they hadn’t gone off the road.
“Stefen -” Charlotte began to plead but Steve silenced her with a stare and spoke over her, his voice as unyielding as it had ever been. “Stay. Here. Is that understood?”
As far as nudges went it was gentle, but predictably Ian stiffened, his jaw working as he shifted his eyes away, expression gone mulish.
“You have to tell people he went back to school as planned. And then you have to trust James to find him.”
“There now see. All that fuss for nothing.” Karlina clucked.
“You alright there, Captain?” Tony asked, voice hoarse from the misuse of his throat and Stefen’s dazed gaze narrowed on him with a comical amount of affront.
So yes, he supposed it was. That was that.
Péter was there with Harry Osborne and the Drake boy, being served tea by a particularly fussy Hammer. There was a girl with them too. She had blonde hair neatly braided down her back and sad blue eyes.
Steve slumped against the door like a puppet with cut strings. He braced a hand against the wood to hold himself up. Tony was here. But he wasn’t safe. Not yet. Grinding his teeth together Steve pushed himself back up.
“How much is this friend paying?” Kirk asked after a long moment of consideration and the tension in Bucky’s stomach eased.
Tony stared down at them and Maria wilted, her shoulders sagging with the crushing disappointment. Tony had found them, which meant they'd failed.
"It's Christmas Eve, Tony." Steve stopped him before he could finish, He laid a hand on Tony's arm and Tony stepped toward him, his mouth turned down in a pensive line. "Just promise me you'll tell one of us if it becomes too much. Bucky and I make good distractions when you need a break." Tony said, and Steve grinned, reaching until their hands brushed together and Tony wrapped their fingers together.
Tony felt a twist of something painful in his chest, reminded suddenly of what the children had let slip about the infamous Frauline Glass when she’d been their governess. Tony had almost forgotten his assumptions that the captain must have been sleeping with the woman, but watching the woman slip into his private quarters when she had no other reason to be there brought it rushing back.
Péter scrambled toward the fire place and immediately began shoveling soot over the crackling flames. Tony could not have been more grateful to have somebody there who’s brain worked faster than at a crawl.
“Tony, I’m scared.” Earlier that morning Maria had whispered fervently from where she was cradled within Natacha’s arms, after they’d come to collect Péter from the sitting room.
"That does sound frightful," Tony acknowledged with another laugh just as Pepper bustled into the kitchen.
"You're right, Da would want us to stay alive, but I think there are more ways to die than just one."
Tony walked just beyond the ring of trees encircling their campsite in search of privacy and a moment to himself.
Steve glanced at him, his brow furrowed in confusion, his mind still stuck on Stark’s words (hearing Stark’s voice the way he imagined he would have said them) and Bucky gestured at the letter impatiently. Steve glanced down at it in shock like he’d not realized he even had a letter in his hand to begin with.
“I did say that.”
~*~*~*~~
This is Freddie Banks at the Castle, reaching out to the INN. Wendy is home alone.
Steve held out the poster for the man to see, but he did not even look at it. Round, terrified eyes shifted between Steve, Benjamino and the police captain, who stood half a stride back, watching on with an expression of bored contempt.
“Yes, and I warn you he’s livid. He’s on the phone with the station now.” Hammer answered with a grim shake of his head and a smug smirk. Tony couldn’t help feeling pity for the poor bastard on the other end of that call. Hammer on the other hand looked practically gleeful at the thought of the twins being found, and eager to point the blame at Tony where he thought it belonged. Tony didn’t believe for a second that it hadn’t been him who left the tip, hoping to see Tony dragged from the house in handcuffs. Hammer had no idea how deeply the captain was involved in the whole thing.
“Oh I forgot, we’ve got an intellectual here.”
The beer tasted sour in his mouth, though supposedly it was some of the best local brew around. He'd have to be sure and lie to Willamina later, and say he'd enjoyed every last drop, but as it was Tony could barely taste the stuff as he swallowed. That didn't keep him from swallowing a great mouthful, drinking until he had to come up for air and praying for the drunkenness to come quick. It was a party after all. Why should he let a little thing like Stefen’s engagement ruin it for him?
His eyes darted about the room quickly before he dared to go on. Everyone seemed lost in themselves, paying him no mind but then again they would. Quieter he whispered, “I'm being followed.”
Firstly, Rogers might have become very practiced with his German and his high handed ways, but when his blood was hot like this and he let his control slip he slipped into a rough distinctly Slavic cadence that screamed of countryside and ill breeding (and it was just as gorgeous as the first time Tony had heard it).
His first kill.
. Clinton seemed to agree because a moment later he was jerking his head in the direction of the doorway and warning him he’d be late to catch the trolleybus and that the abbot had given him permission to stone him again if he didn’t get a move on.
An undercurrent of snickers passed over the room and Aleksy looked around, brow wrinkled in confusion and distress as she shrank in her seat. Most of what Natacha had said was lost on the Aleksy, but not on her siblings. James, the little troll, was chortling loudly into his hands, only quieting when Tony called for quiet.
Bucky thought it was just the mounting pressure from the tour and the mounting rescue attempt of the Dachau prisoners, but he thought differently when Lou finished wrapping up Péter’s gift and announced that the second item Steve had dropped off was also ready if he’d like to pay for it now. Bucky had known about the camera (apparently some friend of his at school had one and Péter mentioned often in his letters a growing interest in the things) but a second gift was news to him. So he’d been curious, and then utterly knocked off his chair when Lou had come from the back of the shop with a jewelry box.
Tony found himself doing a lot more praying that any moment now, the old car would come rolling up the drive and Harold would ring the bell in the garage for Pepper to alert her of the Captain’s return.  That afternoon found Tony in the garden with the girls walking the paths where he and the Captain often walked in the cool air of evening. He was trying not to worry, but he wasn’t the only one with Stefen on his mind. Beside him Sara gave a dissatisfied huff and sat back on her heels.
He took the seat across from where Bucky had sprawled out on the couch, feet propped up in Steve’s lap. Steve continued to sip on his drink watching as one of Tony’s dexterous hands unbuttoning his vest.
That rest of the day Tony taught them how to harvest the cones for their seeds, to make syrup from sap, and how to collect tar and make pitch for the soap from the branches. They ground together some of the harvested nuts and mixed it with flour and fat to make a cake that they cooked in a pan on the grate in the fireplace. He called it pinolata, which he said his mother had taught him to make with pine nuts and almond flour. Only theirs was different because they had no eggs, no butter, and no sugar to make sticky caramel with. Instead they smothered it in the pungent sticky syrup they made from the sap and sprinkled it with roasted nuts. It was supposed to be good anyway because it was theirs.
Sam lowered his hat, the brim obscuring his face and held out his hand. In fourteen years Steve couldn't remember shaking Sam’s hand, except perhaps during his initial hire. It felt hollow now, shaking his hand in thank you for his service as a grounds keeper and not as the friend he'd been.
Sam saluted him and then turned to disappear inside the train, leaving Steve standing on the platform feeling disjointed. He wondered for the hundredth time if he was making the right decision by staying in Austria.
They needed him, he reprimanded himself.
“But we know plenty of stories by heart.” The brunette said, clapping Stefen upon the shoulder and ignoring his glare as he said to the children, “Your Baka was one of the best story tellers in the- ”
Lt. Becker frowned down at his boots.
"Tony!” Steve thundered, out of patience. “We are not doing this again. Péter is not going to that school, it’s impossible." Tony had no idea what delicate balance he threatened to upset. Schmidt still had to be handled damn it, Steve couldn’t just yank Péter out of the HJ on a dime without consequences.
Steve left Mittelstaedt Press that afternoon feeling strangely uplifted. When he and Bucky had left that morning to finalize the names on their list and seek out Franz he’d been riddled with tension, sure that just around every corner they were going to find the S.S. crouched in wait. But they’d been undiscovered.
“A love match then?” Tony inquired, though he could summarize as much what with seven children running about. Indeed Pepper gave him a droll look as she replied.
Tony had no idea what could possess the boy to behave in such a way, especially towards Maria whom he normally seemed so close with, but all he could think about as he grabbed the boy by the waist and yanked him away from his sister was the terror in Maria’s eyes.
Peter looked up at Tony from where he had his hands clenched in his lap. They were clammy he noticed belatedly and grimaced, wiping them on the leg of his pants.
It had been hours since Bucky had stormed from the house, and time waited for no one.  It was fast nearing the hour when the first guests would start arriving for the Christmas party. If he'd had any way of contacting Coulson and calling the whole thing off, Tony would have. Steve's head was not in a good place. He'd been in a fog ever since Bucky had left. His eyes consistently straying to windows and doors in hollow expectation, glazing over for long moments until something or someone called for his attention.
After what felt like a year Rogers finally looked up from his plate and stared directly at Tony.
Tony’s stomach clenched tight with worry, two things immediately racing through his mind in response to the revelation. First, they were about to be in immediate danger again flying through hostile airspace; and second, it sounded distressingly as if they would be taking the children with them.
“You have to trust me.”
It shouldn’t be such a big deal. He’d practically been weaned on secrets, lies and omissions after all. That was just how people worked, he knew that. But Tony was tired. Tired and lonely, and just once he wanted for someone to prove differently.
Despite himself, Steve felt his temper fraying along with the hurt that sliced through him at Tony’s words.
Between administering the solution and keeping him clean, watered, and fed, Tony could easily have driven himself into an early grave of his own if not for Bucky and the others. Between him and Harold they managed to tear Tony away from Stefen’s bedside occasionally, and Péter and Natacha stepped up to help run the house with Virginia and Charlotte.
It was almost too damn funny.
Yes, Niklas thought to himself that was definitely pressure building behind his eyes- sure signs of his imminent death.
“Why’s it so cold?” Péter’s voice pulled his gaze back into the kitchen, where Péter now stood in the doorway still in his night clothes and eyes puffy from sleep.
“It’s been almost three years.” Péter shrugged, though there was nothing convincingly careless in the gesture. The boy was stiff and he seemed no longer able to look at him, his hand unconsciously gripping the comforter and twisting. “Artur barely remembers her... Maria and Sara will never really know her. James remembers more but I think that just makes him mad. He was younger than Maria when she got sick. He used to go in her room all the time even though Father told us not to bother her.”
He was going crazy, or imagining it. Seeing a face where it couldn’t be.
Tony made it easier with his jokes and his side comments. They almost had their own little world, just the two of them, and for a time Steve even managed to convince himself that not even the Nazis could intrude on it.
“Jobs are needed, absolutely, which is why more support should be given to the sciences. Industry is how we employ the public.” Tony was saying to Stefen’s suggestion that the previous years of civil unrest and poverty that had plagued the country was rooted in a lack of support for the common man. “As many people as you pay to think it, you employ ten times that to build it Captain.”
The reason for Tony’s disappearance was simple. Building a frog tank was easy (just a matter of cutting wood, pounding nails, and constructing a latched top with a grate) and only required the sacrificing of the broken clock.  Catching frogs was a lot harder and had never been something Tony had done much of as a boy to begin with and he wasn’t particularly skilled at it now as an adult. It took him far longer than he’d anticipated to catch one of the damn things that fit what shaky description James and Ian could provide. So long, that by the time he made his way to the room that Artur shared with James and Ian Pepper had already put the children to bed for the night.
"I sincerely doubt that Stark." a smooth baritone interrupted Willamina's laughter and Tony tensed, straitening up from where he leaned against the doorframe. The jovial mood drained from the room as all eyes turned to meet the captain's as he entered the kitchen.
Tony would have Stefen hurt by nothing, ever again, if he could help it. It was an unbearably vulnerable way to feel but Tony was far past being able to help it. Lucky for him, Stefen didn’t seem to want him to. The captain’s mouth had curled in a slow almost sleepy smile that Tony wanted to kiss but the intensity of his gaze held him in place as Stefen cupped his face between his big hands and slowly stroked the side of his jaw with his thumbs.
Of course, the next shots were not aimed at Rogers but at himself, and he was a lone target without cover.
“That’s good Stefen.” Bucky replied with what he hoped was cajoling tone. “But you can’t give her this you know that, yeah? Everyone will look at this and see that it is rom. They will wonder why you are giving your woman this. You can’t marry a gadje woman like you marry one of our women, Stevie.”
“Are you out here alone?” Tony asked and the girl shook her head.  Steve frowned at the obvious lie.
He could do this. He owed them this.
Bucky’s thigh hit the table on his way up, jarring their dishes and the chatter around him died out. Multiple pairs of worried eyes flying toward him.
“Tony, what do we do?” Péter begged to know and Tony shuddered, a sob building and forcing its way out of his chest like an over boiling pot, the words torn from his throat as he shook his head.
Natacha froze, her gaze suddenly fixed on Stark. Péter too, had lifted his eyes from their steady fixation on his food.
Shesti! No, hush kacker! : (romany) Nonsense! No, shut up and listen!
“You must miss her a lot.”
"Let me get this straight," Abbot Farkas leveled Tony with a hard look, one furious black brow raising skeptically as he regarded Tony carefully, who was pacing the length of his office. "You want my help infiltrating a prison camp, to liberate a pair of criminals?"
Being packed into fertilizer like a turnip allowed for some warmth where outside his makeshift coffin the temperature was slowly dropping as they climbed higher into the mountains.
Signora Santiago answered the door and beckoned him wordlessly inside.  He did not spot any other occupants during his quick glance about, not even Maria’s young daughter. He didn’t know if that was good or bad. It was almost more than he could bear waiting until she had closed it behind him and thrown the locks to speak.
Virginia Hogan stood in the doorway, an envelope folded under her arm. She smiled when Steve looked up at her and approached the desk, heels clicking on hardwood floor.
They’d finally made it out of the bath and into their evening attire to be on their way. The dinner was being hosted at Carinhall, the country home of Hermann Göring. It was about an hours drive from the city. They had to hurry because it would have been in very bad taste to be late to one of Göring’s famously lavish gatherings. Göring, a prominent member of the Nazi Party and a close personal friend of the Führer, was not a man anybody could afford to insult.
Natacha breathed in and out, steady, forcing her thundering heart to slow.
His lips curved in amusement Steve crossed the room once both boys were settled and sat on the end of the bed, aware of their eyes on him. At least they did not look fearful.  Steve counted that as a small favor. He’d not done much to deserve their trust but he was trying to rectify that.
James Bakhuizen, son of Bastian Rom Barro, older brother of Rachol, only friend and protector of Stefen Gavril Rogers, didikai. The half breed.
He grit his teeth. A few more steps. A few more steps and they’d be past the old man with the sad brown eyes, past the young men in the smart uniforms with their sharp toothy grins. Just a few more steps.
Tony breathed a small sigh of relief at that. It was safer for them all to not to leave together, but there had been a cold pit of fear in his stomach from the moment he had realized he would have to send Stefen and the children on their own, with no way of knowing how they would fare until it was too late to do anything about it. It didn’t go away knowing that they had boarded their train without hassle. Anything could happen along the way and Tony wouldn’t be there, but he reminded himself not to think that way (for the hundredth time) and resolved himself to the undignified task of shimmying out of his hastily donned disguise and into something a little less conspicuous.
Charlotte blinked at him, a mild expression of distaste settling mostly around her mouth.
His father’s nod was barley there but Ian sighed a breath of relief he'd not known he'd been holding.
After unexpectedly losing Bucky, Steve and the family are left with the pieces. And then what they've all feared finally happens: the world is at war.
"I was trying to be." Stefen admitted and Tony looked down, trying to hide how much those words hurt, but he didn't think he was doing any better at fooling Stefen this time around either.
But the day passed just like all the others had, and with only themselves for company, slowly but surely Tony and the children found their balance. Soon they were talking again and even laughing with each other on occasion. Tony kept up their voice lessons and thought up things to teach them so that they would be self-sufficient should anything happen to him. He did what he could not to alarm them, to make it all always seem like fun- just another part of their new way of living - but the fear of their very possible separation hovered in the back of his mind.
"I am dedicated to the good of Austria. Knowing more would only endanger you so do not ask. A few months ago a German team of researchers were dispatched to the prison camp at Dachau to begin a project heavily reliant on human experimentation. Information about this project is of great interest to those who do not wish to see the German army grow any stronger than they already have. Among the scientists involved is a man named Dr. Erik Lehnsherr, a celebrated geneticist. He is father to the twins and no friend of the Reich, but his compliance with their program was forced through their captivity. That is no longer the case."
“Open it Tony,” Péter urged, at the same time Stefen laid a hand on his shoulder, warm and encouraging. Tony sighed and complied.
James proved the most stubborn of all. His black mood lingered for days after Natacha had started to come around. In the beginning he’d given Tony the cold shoulder and refused to move from his corner of the bed even for meals. Tony had observed Natacha bringing him food, so he let the situation be for as long as he could. But when it became clear that he was losing his last companion in his misery and resentment James changed tactics.
"I’m afraid you don’t look very much like a monk, Herr Stark,” came his dry reply. Tony ground his teeth keeping his lips shut for once. Smile, nod, and say yes that was his mantra for the unforeseeable future.
Charlotte watched as Stefen, standing in the front hall in the center of a circle of children, traded hugs and kisses with the youngest girl Sara for a moment more, before moving her eyes to where Herr Stark was standing watching on, expression so deeply fond it took her back for a moment.
Hours later, long after the rest of the house had settled into sleep Tony was still awake. Sitting at the little desk beside the bed, parts of a previously unbroken clock strewn across the surface. It was a fascinating enterprise clock making. Mechanical and mathematical to the core, not like people. He’d always appreciated that about them.
“Alright, but where are we going to find acid in the house?” Péter asked and Tony smiled.
“No, when you fucking well tell Charlotte you’ve married a Jew. Yes now!” he bit out in reply, teeth clenching. Bucky waited through the look of dawning realization. Stefen’s jaw tightened but he didn't say a word and Bucky’s heart sank numbly into his stomach.
“Tony.” Steve protested, thinking of the early hour and the time he could be spending with the children, but Tony shook his head.
He’d come so close to losing Tony, just like he’d lost Péter. The children could have been hurt or worse, but instead
That was true. But Frauline Werner would never guess how much.
“If you knew all that, why did you need to ask me?”
that he’d refused to eat potatoes for years. He’d had to get older before he realized there was a whole lot wrong with the secret adventures he and his mother had shared, and a whole lot of other reasons besides potatoes for his nonna to bear such a terrible sadness.
, the wise woman, as was her mother before her and her mother before her. She was clever and kind, and good at reading people. She always knew when others told untruths or when they were trying to cheat her. She knew the plants, and how to draw illnesses from the body to keep the caravan healthy.
Yes, why wouldn't he?
He was stronger to, than Steve had expected, able to row them across the lake all by himself. Near the end he’d strained Steve remembered but he would not hear of stopping.
“My wife,” he answered gruffly and Jan nodded sagely, as if she’d guessed as much.
Tony pulled his hand away, resisting the heat, the earnestness, his own damnable weakness.
James and Sara were both born in May and for them Tony had in mind to craft a pair of backpacks from animal hide for both, and a small stuffed toy lined in rabbit fur in particular for Sara.
Tony folded the letter back into the drawer and sighed loudly. It was too quiet for seven children. Something wasn't right, the children were plotting or turning up trouble and Tony would hazard a guess that Natacha or James would be at the helm of it. He'd seen the look they'd shared his first night, it wasn't hard to figure who had decided on spiders in Tony's bed.
Steve’s heart lurched almost unpleasantly at the sound.
It was hard to keep fueling his anger in the face of Stefen’s stark sincerity and with his body pressed so deliciously close. Tony was viciously torn between the desire to punch the man in the teeth and stick his tongue in his mouth, and he didn’t appreciate the feeling.
Bucky nudged him with his foot but Steve couldn't answer, the laughter had made him too lightheaded. He heard Tony heave a sigh.
“Pardon me?” the captain snapped when he could breathe again, expression dumbfounded.
He crossed his arms, his gaze not quite meeting Steve's, surly and defensive. Steve could take a guess or two what his own face must look like, and Péter clearly remembered what had happened the last time he was so defiant but he dared to press on anyway.
“Bucky, STOP!” Tony barked, struggling to hold him back. “Stop it! God damn it, what is wrong with you!” Bucky struggled to get loose, eyes locked on Steve’s which were locked on him, filled with pain and misery. Not enough. Not nearly enough. Bucky tore at the arms holding him like a wild animal.
“Schrammel!”
Dressed in the costumes that Bucky had procured for them - lederhosen for the boys and dirndl for the girls, Tony led the children out on stage with a confident smile to the thunderous applause of those gathered in the big tent.
“And I see you have! I heard Péter’s HJ troop is coming?” Tony snapped, already knowing the answer, but if Charlotte was intimidated by his rising temper she didn’t show it.
He’d expected to find some of course, but for an officer of the Reich the good captain had far less S.S. themed literature than Tony would have predicted.
“No. No, I... h-he...” Péter stammered, his horrified eyes catching Tony’s - pleading with him to fix the unfixable, to
"They don't call it a thunderwagon for nothing."
“Exactly right Pepper, which is why we’re just going to skip all the wishing and get right to doing.”
The disturbance was not, as his hammering heart still seemed to fear, the arrival of the police but Hammer. The toady butler was wide eyed and practically bursting with news as he flew into the kitchen, his unbuttoned coat flapping about his legs (and really who wore a coat in summertime anyway) ruining what might have otherwise been a very posh look.
His naval uniform traded in for plain clothes and his cap pulled down low over his eyes, he was just one of many indistinct laborers. Tony had joined their ranks in the early hours of morning, the Forman barely looking at the papers Scott had secured him before barking instructions for Tony to join the water rotation. The back of the truck had been loaded high with water barrels and the day had begun, an endless cycle of back and forth, watering the poor wretches they had digging the trenches for track in the frozen ground.
As if called by the thought the kitchen door opened, and Hortense appeared, still in her boots, with broom in hand to sweep the ash and spilled flour from the floor.  She looked up as the dairyman approached with his crate full of jugs. He saw the moment when her gaze moved past him to the truck and found his.
you are
The idea of making snowmen went off like a rocket, and then Péter roped Tony into attempting to sculpt a literal snow rocket, so Stefen was left to walk Artur through the boring basics of people design. But then Artur wanted Ian to build his snow person a house, and Stefen started teaching the boys how to build up a structure with compact snow, and Tony and Péter abandoned their rocket sculpture to stick their noses in. The captain turned out to have very strong opinions on how to build snow structures, which naturally started a contest on who could build a better fortress.
The trouble with Schmidt was his love of grandstanding. Instead of killing his enemy swiftly, he craved the opportunity to make an example out of anyone who dared shed any doubt on his power. He and the Führer were too alike in that way, feeding into each other’s fears and neurosis. There was a damn photographer with them when they arrived at the camp, and a group of prisoners playing wind instruments of all things as Rogers was led out surrounded by soldiers on all sides.
The key was right there in his hand.
Wide dark eyes searched his.
“We’re undergoing a training drill.” Steve heard Bucky explain and when he was asked where his orders had come from Becker jumped in, repeating himself, this time with a trace of irritability in his words as he informed the officer that their orders came from the Chief of Police.
~*~~*~
“It’s not a good idea,” the man grunted. “Peggy taught him to read on that thing. He wouldn’t want the kids to damage it.”
“That’s not what we agreed!” Hammer immediately protested, his face turning red. “I was promised the estate would be mine! You were there Stevens! Tell them!”
“Yet here you are. What’s giving you trouble?”
He’d trade every bit of strength he’d gained over the years to switch places with Artur now, just so his child wouldn’t be in pain.
“Must I?” the captain asked incredulously, his eyebrows climbing up his face and Tony gave him a pressed look.
Well. Bucky grinned as she departed, contemplating an evening that was suddenly looking more interesting by the minute. He was still watching the sway of her hips when Kirk plopped down in the seat across from him, emitting a low chuckle.
“Yeah, well I’m telling.” Stefen bit back in reply.  Tony balled his fists at his sides, trying to keep his temper in check.
He was happy to be going home he decided. It was where he needed to be.
It was becoming clear what he must do. Steve would never like it, but he didn’t have to.  He must offer Tony some way to engage his mind and his courage that wouldn’t put him in immediate danger, or he was going to lose him long before he was ready to.
Stefen's mouth clicked shut tightly, his posture stiffening.
"I'm afraid that's not possible bambino."
For a long moment it was silent in the hall, no response coming from within. Steve breathed deeply in and out, methodically focusing on each breath refusing to think on the possibility of that door not opening.
“Major.” Steve cut in angrily. “That is my rank, kindly use it. I don’t see how It’s any of the Reichjugendfuhrer’s business what I decide is best for my son. Or any of my children.”
“They have not slipped through my fingers, Captain. They are prey limping away from the lion.”
He’d get so worried that he wouldn’t eat, sleep, or talk, which would make him sick and Mama would have to call the doctor. No matter what Dr. Erskine said or tried Ian never perked up till his father was home again.
Tony knelt, hoisting the small boy into his arms with a grunt. Artur thankfully did not lash out this time and when he wrapped his thin arms around Tony’s neck and clung -burying his tear stained face into his shirt and just wept - Tony shuddered, holding him all the tighter.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony craned his neck with the others to see who had spoken and smiled when he saw Joshua, standing up from the table he was sharing with his wife and sons. Cameron was helping him to pull an accordion out of a black music case beside his father’s feet. At the sight of it cheers of enthusiasm broke out among the other guests.
“Of course, I did. I’m not -”
Bucky could have marched in with the gestapo and they would have found him just the same way.
“Grab his legs.”
Until then, Tony had agreed, and then Isiah had gone, taking the last of Tony’s blood with him but not his family.
“I’m going to check on –“ Ian began to say.
When they pulled up to the back of the Imperial Hotel Bucky grumbled something about theatrics. A hotel attendant met them at the service door, and if he thought there was anything odd about ushering in a pair of visitors through the staff quarters in the dead of night, his unflappable countenance didn’t show it.
He’d find peace if he could just be with his family. Tony had been trying to show him that. He saw that now. Saw how he’d been trying to go home for years. Searching for it, ever since he left the caravan in search of his father in order to bring back food for his mother. He and Bucky had left the caravan that day and promised to come home, only somehow Steve had gotten lost along the way and he had never figured out how to go get back.
He'd just taken down a pot and managed to pry open the sealed lid of the jar when the back door rattled. A moment later the door opened and Herr Hogan stepped inside, still speaking to Natacha who followed behind him sedately, but the chauffer halted right in the middle of his sentence when he saw Péter.
“Pepper have you
That man had been painfully thin, just like this one, but there were other reasons to be thin...Magda prodded the body and stilled, catching a glimpse of his wrists chained and manacled together behind his back. There was no longer any doubt. She didn't need to see the identification bracelet cutting into the red skin of his forearm.
He was a child again looking up past the long blue skirt to the kind oval face of his mother's mother, smiling down at him.
"It would be a good idea for them to wash up and change out of their travel clothes. When they've had a moment with the captain will you see that they get settled? Mathilde can show you to the room you all will sleep in." She said, gesturing toward her lady’s maid. Mathilde had generously agreed to come along with Charlotte for the duration of her journey as well as to play house keeper. She didn’t know what she would have done without the woman.
Ona spasmed beside her.
She moved so slowly he didn’t realize she’d extending a hand toward him until her fingers uncurled, revealing a small brown bottle cradled in one palm.
Everything wasn’t going to be okay by itself, but it didn’t matter. He believed she was strong enough to survive it and to help her siblings survive it. And in that moment at least, so did she.
“My god,” Tony heard himself say as if from a distance. There was a great roaring in his ears to go along with the pounding of his heart. “They’ve left her defenseless. They’ve as good as invited the Germans to gobble her up.”
“I’m paid to teach you. The captain said nothing about playing matador to your little squabbles.
"It's my choice! I'm not a child."
“Uncle Bucky said to ask you.” James’ voice intruded on his thoughts.
Of course afterwards, all the children could talk about was the puppets they were building back home and the prospect of putting on a show of their own. Steve had never smiled so much.
“Worse than what has already happened to them in our hands?” Stefen barked, without lifting his head. Someone less accustomed to his dark moods would have flinched. But Tony just continued to stare at him, measured, as Stefen snapped, “They’ve been chased, interrogated, and near starved to death. It will happen again Tony if we keep running from the inevitable.”
"Ouch. Shit! Why you are putting your damn fingers in it?!" Bucky screamed at him, jerking away from the doctor’s hands with a groan and a violent hiss of pain. Richter frowned disapprovingly.
Tony blanched again as the accusing words landed between them. He couldn’t hide that, not with how close their faces were. Kissing distance, some hysterical little voice in his head kept saying. Or biting. Tony’s golden eyes narrowed, the glitter of rage burning brightly back at him as he found fuel in his own anger. He looked like he’d bite Steve if he even tried it. Strangely that realization just made the urge stronger.
“Sleep, don't just stay up drinking, Buck!” Stefen said to Bucky when he reached the door to his room. Bucky waved him off, as he continued toward his own room with all the sloppy grace of the truly drunk. He'd refused Steve’s invitation to stay up with him, shaking the bottle in his face.
The two men stared at each other in stark silence until Khalmmer blinked, coughed gently and another two pence smile stretched across his face.
For a time, things settled into a quiet routine and remained good. But James’ cough lingered, and Tony became worried. James still ticked the days off on the wall every day, so Tony knew it was nearing the end of the month.  He made good on his promise to show the children how to make a medicinal tea from fresh pine needles that wouldn’t be too harsh on his throat when swallowed.
There was a polite rap of knuckles to warn before brother Vogel ducked his head inside the door and entered the cockpit.
Ian blinked up at him swallowing thickly.
He sipped his coffee noisily. Just to be irritating. In for a penny they said.
“Steve...” his voice sounded weak and pitiful even to his own ears. Stefen didn’t look back at him. He was yanking open the bedroom door and striding from the room before Tony could stop him. Tony followed, his heart pounding, his feet moving too slowly as if they were laden with lead weights. Stefen must have had legs a mile long because the distance between them widened at an alarming speed. Perhaps it was intentional on Stefen's part, because by the time Tony was falling against the door of the captain's room and wrenching it back open Stefen was already halfway down the hall, facing off with Hammer and the two policemen he'd obviously led up the stairs. Pepper and Harold were behind them, looking as if they'd rushed from their bed only moments before. Pepper's uncombed hair hung wild around her shoulders, bangs framing her wide frightened eyes as they met Tony's. A warning flashed through them as her eyes darted franticly up and down his form and Tony flinched, ducking back inside of the room.
“Excuse me, Sir, what do I call when I want you?”
“It looks like there isn’t, but we should get it for him anyway.” Tony answered distractedly, wondering if that magazine wasn’t the famed Captain Adventure Bethany had talked about. “Children need challenge captain. He’ll grow into the material.”
When it had become necessary he'd removed them from public education altogether, where it was a simple matter of from his lips to the governesses pen declaring them behind in their studies.
Tony rose back to his feet with a smile and nodded.
"What are you chortling at Chava?"
It was apparent to everyone in the department that the Wehrmacht had it out for the Major and there was increasing pressure from the top down to find, or even fabricate, whatever evidence would justify his death in the eyes of the people. It was them the German’s truly feared the lieutenant knew that for certain. And not without good reason. Rogers was a symbol to them, living or dead. And dead his legacy would spark a revolution. A dangerous thing legacy. It left the administration no choice but to try and snuff it out first.
"No Bannführer, but the condition of the radio made it next to impossible for us to complete our assignment." Bobby insisted with a touch of belligerence that Péter hoped he didn't get a smack for. "Rottenführer Rogers said he could fix ours. Cadet Johann did not believe him Sir and got into a fight with Cadet Hoff for defending him."
He felt a pang of jealousy at the silent communication passing between the two men, at the lifetime of knowledge and shared memories behind such a look; because there was no one left whom he could share such an intimacy with. He gritted his teeth and grabbed a stick to poke the fire, wishing the feeling away with flying embers.
"It was Johann again wasn't it?" Ian growled, laying a worried hand on his shoulder, eyes already searching the square for a glimpse of Johann. That was just what Péter needed. His younger brother defending his honor and making him look even more pathetic.
“Can we count on Kirk?” Stefen asked. “Kirk captains a merchant ship. He has helped us in the past.” He explained, turning slightly toward Tony. Tony nodded, mind working quickly to track the conversation. He remembered the name.
“Thank you, Tacha.” Tony kissed her hand once more before letting it go, and her familiar mask of unreadability slid back into place. But there was a glint of understanding in her eyes as she nodded in reply.”
Ian bit his lip, trying to stave off the sting of returning tears. A soldier wouldn’t cry.
He was going to leave them, Steve realized. He just didn't know how to.
"Tony answer my question."
“They were waiting when they got back to the house…” Cameron’s voice was hoarse, as if he’d worn it out screaming though he’d not made a sound before that. “They said all Jewish Poles had to leave Austria.”
“Yodel? It’s like singing, only really loudly.” He explained showing them again.
“Put me down! This is ridiculous.”
He was wondering at it as the door was thrown back on its hinges with a bang. Tony was off the bench before he'd finished his thoughts, bumping his hip in his haste to put the piano between himself and his unseen attacker.
Bucky was driving up front with Lt. Becker because his face was less recognizable than Steve’s. Up front Becker’s calm voice could be heard calling out a greeting. Steve's shoulders tensed further as a voice laced with suspicion barked to know what their business was. There was a rustle of papers as Becker handed over the documents Coulson had drawn up for them.
Still, when Tony furtively got his attention with a hand on his arm and a questioning glance, Steve gave him a small private smile. The fleeting little thing was meant to tell him he was okay, but Tony resolved himself to keep a close eye and intervene if his energy lagged much further.
They looked happy enough, dressed for the day in warm casual clothes and bright eager smiles. The table was piled high with wrapped packages and piping hot trays of sausage and sweet rolls. The smell of spiced plums wafted from the trays of buchteln and the big pot of mulled wine heating on the stove added cinnamon and oranges to the mix, making the whole room smell heavily of Christmas. Everyone was talking at once as they drank and ate, formality completely dismissed.
"No!" Daniel snapped with confidence Tony was having a hard time mustering. "You made a mistake. They would never sign that. They would never leave without us!”
“There was an uprising. A group of insurgents infiltrated the prison and tried to free some prisoners. There have been complaints from the village. A few public demonstrations, but nothing to be overly worried about.” He continued with a worried frown as if he were repeating a speech he’d made many times, which Steve had the sinking suspicion that he was. “They want better security. After the wreckage from the explosion people are afraid.”
His gaze shifted slowly from the captain, to Tony and then back again and Tony began to realize just how big a mistake he’d made, thinking this man was harmless.
“That is precisely what we hope to do. You see how it is here.” Grig waved a hand out toward the red rooves, just visible over the garden wall. “The law can say what it likes, but the common folk are sympathetic to Jewish struggle. They will look the other way if it means more of our people get to safety.”
“They’re saying it was a woman on a bike. There must have been a hundred witnesses, but nobody caught her. These Black Widows, I tell you they should have done something about these gypsies a long time – ”
“Of course Captain.” Franz nodded slowly tucking the journal away. “I am sure we will all enjoy your artwork. How often are you expecting to publish an issue?”
He almost laughed. It was always the quiet ones.
“What is ridiculous, is you not eating and sleeping for days on end.” Stefen grunted in reply, grappling to maintain his hold on Tony, and was that amusement Tony heard in his voice? Did he think this was
“I wouldn’t change it.” Stefen growled defensively, arms tightening around Tony as if Tony had suggested they take it back.
“Take him please.” Stefen’s voice said next to his ear and Tony jumped, blinking in surprise as James was dropped into his arms. They looked at each other, both a little confused before Stefen said, with head cocking to the side. “Or you could put some real effort in and learn to swim.”
She said soldier like the word was dirty and Natacha wondered at the difference between it and the German officers she spoke so highly of.
“Give it to me,” he’d quietly ordered and she’d looked at him, slowly understanding.
“Shut up Stark!” Bakhuizen snapped, sounding like he was all but at his breaking point. “I have every right to shoot him. I’m the only one. I’d do it a hundred times before I ever let the damn
The very next day Tony left the bank with Nonno, a quiet rage simmering under his skin. A newsboy standing outside the doors handed him a flyer, and Tony crumpled it in fury after a quick glance confirmed it was a public warning against ‘
He heard the fire of guns over the roar of the wind as it flip his hair around his ears, as well as each ominous thud and ping as they struck dirt and grazed the sides of the truck. Bucky continued to swerve and Tony fell into the back of the truck bed, jarring his shoulder painfully as he landed.
“For someone who got all hot under the collar about me calling Stark an easy fuck, you sure make it look like all you want him for is a place to stick your prick.” Bucky commented, chewing noisily. Steve frowned and Bucky rolled his eyes. “Don’t glare at me like that Punk. I might not have a woman and an army of children under my belt, but I sure as shit know the difference between letting someone love you and keeping em at arm's length.”
Steve checked into the hotel that night and stayed in, the letter continuing to burn a hole in his pocket and his anxiousness to be rid of it only growing. The next morning he woke late from a fitful sleep and after telephoning the house to check in with Virginia on the welfare of the children he made his way to the Cafe Mozart in leopoldstadt where he was to meet Bucky. The coffeehouse was crowded with noonday patrons when Steve walked in. As the bell above the door chimed a familiar face looked up and started at the sight of him.
“I couldn’t help but hear them.”
“His birthday was last week. I didn’t ask him to wait.” Tony snapped, harsher than he intended, but he couldn’t seem to help it. “Mine was in April.” He’d spent it in a cabin, in the middle of a wood, caring for seven children alone, thinking the love of his life might be dead.
Winter is here, and with it comes new challenges for the Rogers family as political tensions escalate in Austria and Tony & Steve find their strength tested in new ways.
“Perhaps, but what makes Hitler’s Youth any different? You dream of a better world. A pure Germany for all German peoples, stability and prosperity for your great nation. Your youth does not preclude you from longing for a place in the world or a willingness to create change with action. If anything it gives you courage far beyond your years and that is powerful. The Führer knows. He commends you for it every day, doesn’t he? And so do I.”
“Who is asking?” Steve asked. True to habit Bucky let Steve take point, his keen eyes observing the newcomer closely as he took lazy puffs on his cigarette.
Jarvis had saved this for him? But that was so like Jarvis, wasn’t it. Tony fought back tears.
“No doubt they’ll be fine puppets. I trust the children’s studies won’t go neglected?” He asked and Tony grimaced.
Sam’s mouth twisted into a grimace and he continued in a whisper, “Have you thought this through? You stole from General Schmidt, a commanding officer!”
“Such as a party.”
“Stefen.” There was a hint of a smile around Tony’s mouth. Though there was fondness in it, there was a terrible sadness too. “If you want me to live then you’ll have to live with me. You want me safe, then be safe. That’s the way it has to be.”
Entering Salzburg proper what energy the children had exhausted on the long trip was amplified and returned to them with gusto by the sight of the bustling crowds and white cream buildings (even Natacha was practically humming with excitement).
A loud clatter pulled Tony’s attention away from the children, drew his eyes to across the square where an old man was standing in front of a store front with a tin bucket resting at his feet, water soaking one pant leg.
Harry had come to the park with Johann, who Péter learned would also be attending the academy that year. Péter didn’t know one of the girls with them but he recognized the pretty blond as one of his former classmates. Gwendolyn Staša had always been shy and sweet and popular with the other girls in the classroom as well as the boys. Harry used to tease her by pulling out her hair ribbons.
“You can’t stop him.” Bucky warned. “If he loves something the stupid punk just goes for it, face first, damn the consequences. Hopeless romantic and fool extraordinaire, my fucking prala.” Charlotte let her hand fall, sympathy bleeding away, her face hardening into something brittle? Had she really not seen it for herself yet, Bucky wondered, or was she just trying her hardest to stay in denial?
"Our intelligence has reported some small success with narcotics and stimulants. Their research into genetic mutation has yielded little besides agonizing death for their test subjects." Tony could hear the but in his tone before he said it. "But there was a small breakthrough a few months back.  A pair of subjects who responded better than most, and survived the initial round of testing when no one had before... It's hard to even know what to tell you. The things we've heard defy all imagination. It's almost enough to make a man question where God is in any of it."
It took only a few moments to clean himself up and dispose of the bucket, far longer to dissuade Bruce from mothering him. Thankfully it was late enough that even Bruce only seemed to want to put in the token effort when dealing with Tony’s issues. He sought his bed after only a few protests but not before warning Tony to go straight to bed, as there were only a few hours until wake up call; but they both knew Tony was far more likely to sneak down to his workshop to salvage what was left of the day than he ever was to attempt sleep.
Stefen pulled him into a kiss almost before Tony was done speaking. His mouth moved against Tony’s with need just this side of starvation and Tony answered that need with his own. Stefen’s absence still felt like cold against his back, the fear he’d held so tightly to his chest making his grip on him desperate.
A solid strategy only foiled by how distasteful he found the idea. What good would he be to a wife? If by some miracle he survived the war he could hardly imagine what happiness he would bring her chained to half a man with half a mind who couldn’t love her, forced to live under the shadow of his shame.
He'd pulled Steve aside before he could even complete a full day of training and tried to send him home.
Abwehr: German Military organization responsible for foreign and domestic intelligence.
“Tony! Look!” James came running up to meet them, a jelly stain on the collar of his shirt. He grabbed Tony’s hand and began tugging him toward the window, talking rapidly in his excitement. “We made candles, and mine were the best so we put them in the window!”
“You ought to come with us Stevie.” Bucky murmured decisively and Stefen stiffened beside him. “And before you go on about the war and all the shit you think you have to do to stop it, you ought to think about what happens if you’re right. What happens when we try our best but war still comes. What happens if they catch you, or you go off fightin like I know you will, and you don’t come home?”
“Sport,” she corrected tiredly. “Everything is sport to Jonny.”
Steve snatched Ian’s shoulder, pulling him out of the way just in time to avoid an automobile careening around the corner. He caught a glimpse of a ghost like face behind the wheel and then the car was gone, disappearing into the black night.
“Travel papers?” he questioned.
"Cardinal Rossi." Tony answered.
“Never!” Artur resisted with gleeful kicks and squirms and thankfully Bucky set him down before he dropped him and the other children crowded close eager for their turn at hugs and attention from their favorite uncle; all except for Natacha who Steve noticed hanging back from the others waiting patiently to be addressed, though he thought her eyes betrayed her eagerness.
"That's not what I meant." Stefen allowed, looking slightly chagrined and Tony pressed while he had the advantage.
“Stark Industries has been contracted to come up with a comprehensive plan of production that meets the Führer’s needs. What you hold in your hands is Plan Z.” Hoch informed him, though Tony had already put as much together. He knew Stark ships when he saw them, though it burned to see how little progress they’d made in over two decades.
Ian shot his brother a mildly irritated look but it lacked any real poison. Bucky stooped enough to hug James tight, pressing his nose into the boy's red lochs and inhaling deeply, as if he needed the scent of him.
Yes. Yes he had.
He used to sing to him too. Little diddies remembered from boyhood. Songs in the language of his people and songs picked up in the language of the Croats, the Polish, the Germans, songs he hardly knew the meaning of but understood to be gifts when they’d been imparted with him.
Captain Rogers?”
“I don’t hear anything now.” Bakhuizen replied shortly, his cold dead eyes pinning Jürgen in place like something out of the pictures and he backed up a step, a shiver going down his spine.
Kurt nodded without any real indication he'd heard and bustled stiffly off. Steve tried to suppress a grin.
“Are you alright?” Tony asked when the coughing had subsided. Péter nodded, mumbling something about having swallowed wrong and busying himself with a glass of water.
The INN repeats.
Sara nodded and wordlessly stretched out her arms for Tony, and Stefen transferred her into Tony’s waiting arms. Tony kept up bright chatter as they made their way to the kitchen, trying not to worry about what state Cameron must be in if he’d passed out by the shed all night. He hoped it was just a case of too much excess and not something worse. What if he’d been hurt, out there in the cold all night?
Tony got up from his seat to pull out a chair for her and she thanked him, sitting down with an exhausted air and a slightly overwhelmed expression.
“I’ll write Obi,” Tony decided. “I own controlling stock in the company. He can’t refuse to help me.” Whatever it was that had caused Hughard to mistrust his old friend Tony would likely never know and regardless he was right about Obi being in no position to say no. They were on the brink of war and Stark Industries was a German company. Obadiah had always been the most concerned with the company reputation.
“Tony, why isn’t Cameron working?”
It would be unprofessional to roll his eyes but it was a near thing. Always so self-righteous in his martyrdom.
Steve had left with Magda and there was no telling where. They couldn’t actually have headed to the train station. Could they? Steve had to realize it was suicide to try and board a train. But a month sleeping in a barn eating goat feed wouldn’t have gone far enough to heal him from the injuries Bucky had seen. With a sinking feeling Bucky turned and jogged back toward the car. He knew Steve, and he knew exactly what kind of risks he’d take for the people he loved.
That was one thing about the Nazis he could recommend, they supported their police in the way the monarchs and the socialists who had followed them never had, and they rewarded hard work regardless of what station a man was born in. Even odious men, like the thin weasel faced man who had shown up at the station back in October and demanded to see the chief of police like he was Queen Teresa herself, could become great men. Though maybe never a good one, Lt. Stevens thought staring at Herr Jurgan Hammer with distaste, who was once again sitting across his desk.
“Yes, he’s with the Osbornes. I did
than traumatize them all?
“I counted ten men outside,” he murmured, almost too low to be heard over the sound of their scrubbing. “And there’s one or more armored trucks that goes by every half hour. They’re patrolling the roads.”
This felt like another one of Tony’s strange tests. Péter was supposed to have grasped something, but once again he’d missed the important details, failed to ask the right questions.
The streetcar rattled down the cobblestone road, heedless of the stones made slick with ice. A dense mixture of rain mixed with thick flakes of snow pebbled against Henrick Dvorak’s window.  The major pursed his lips against the irritated growl that had been fighting to get out since he'd slid into the government issued Royce earlier that morning. His irritation mostly stemmed from the fact that he was an officer and not an errand boy - for Christ sake! But his mornings orders had come straight from the SS office - pushed by Himmler himself.
Having a full dinner with the entire family present for the first time in months brought an unexpected air of festivity to things. Willamina served knödel along with the pumpkin soup that evening, and the scents of nutmeg and cream wafted through the room as the children chattered about their lessons. They'd been limited to just an hour or two a day while Tony cared for him, and though they'd been very well behaved largely left to their own devices, now that he was visibly on the mend Steve worried that they were growing restless, cooped up for long hours with minimal supervision.
Home. And then what? Though Pola had belonged to Italy again since the Great War they would be no safer there. Not with Mussolini making deals with the Germans. In the long run, Pola wasn’t the answer and Tony couldn't bring himself to start down that path without first making sure the children were going to be alright. Their lives were in peril too, and they had far fewer choices in the matter than he did. He had to help them.
