.  Love, Dean suddenly understood, was to let Cas be in love with someone else.  It meant to potentially stand next to Cas as his best man and watch him marry someone else and do it with joy because Cas was
Eileen was leaning against the counter.  She had a hand on her stomach.  “Sam and I are having a baby, by the way.”
Dean signaled a waiter for two refills of champagne.  “How would you know what I was thinking?” he asked.  The banter between him and Cas was playful, always playful, and the giddiness in Dean’s blood was pulling a grin to his mouth despite his best efforts.
Cas hides his smile in Dean’s neck.  “And I love you.”  He wraps his arms around Dean so he can’t wriggle away.  “But I also love my team.  My fans would have rioted if I’d shown up in your jersey.”
“What’s on the agenda tonight?” Cas asked. He must have just come from work because he still had a tie on. He loosened it as he walked to Dean’s couch.
With a sigh, Cas slung an arm over Dean. His hand spread warm and expansive across Dean’s back. Their shins bumped.
“Oh.”  Dean should have been comforted by this fact.  Dean should have had all of his fears about Daphne breaking Cas’s heart allayed.  Dean should have felt like laughing, maybe calling Cas to congratulate him.
“Don’t do that,” Dean said immediately.  “Stop sighing.  It’s never - it’s never a good thing when you do that.”
Charlie and Dean exchanged winces and followed her out into the backyard, where a folding table had been set up for the food.  Charlie immediately went to greet Eileen (and Willow), leaving Aaron and Dean by the food.
In mid-December, Gabe hangs a sprig of mistletoe in Cas’s foyer.  Cas, resisting the temptation to strangle his brother, snaps a picture and sends it to Dean.
“That supposed to be a criticism or something?” Dean asked, unimpressed. He gestured for Cas to stand up. “Chop chop, buddy.”
“You know that other lady’s name?” Dean asked, remembering that there was another new face in the backyard.
Dean bit down on a knuckle.  It would be so easy to tell Cas no.  So easy.  Daphne had no place in their lives anymore, he wanted to say.  But he remembered the week he had just spent not speaking to Cas, and imagined another week just the same.  And another and another.  He couldn’t risk losing Cas again.  “Dude, of course,” Dean said, though the five seconds it took him to answer Cas might not have helped his case.  “If you want her to come, and my mom’s okay with it - sure, why not?  And her friend too.  She can bring her friend.  All her friends.  Just - yeah, all of them.”
Dean’s eye-roll seemed audible.  “You wouldn’t even have come close to closing those last four cases without me.  Like it or not, I’m
The next few houses were a bust, and Dean celebrated when Cas announced in the fall that he was taking a break from his house hunt.
One morning, Dean approached Cas with powdered sugar on his chin.  He sat down in his usual chair in front of Cas’s desk and put his feet up on Cas’s paperwork.  Cas refused to take Dean’s bait.  He turned to his computer screen instead.
Still, by the time Friday rolled around and Dean was scowling at his closet trying to decide what to wear for the semi-fancy “lounge” Aaron had picked out, he had managed to drum up a level of irritation that made even seeing Sammy and Eileen seem like a chore.  If he hadn’t already told Cas he was going, he wouldn’t have bothered to show up.
Dean didn’t do Christmas, but then again, neither did Cas - not really.  He played Christmas songs every so often and one year he put up lights to shine through his little apartment window, but besides that, Christmas had always been something that other people did.  People with loved ones.  Families.  Not Cas.
Cas looked around as he took sips from his mug, leaning his hip against the counter. The bakery was strange in the evening: cold, eerily silent, and lit up by light that reflected on the stainless steel surfaces and made Cas’s eyes hurt. It seemed like a lonely place. The only welcoming thing about it was Dean, who was making faces after every sip of his champagne.
Dean couldn’t let that slide. He pulled Cas forward and delivered a bruising kiss that left them both gasping. “Jackass,” Dean breathed in the aftermath.
“A plan,” Dean confirmed. “For - for the new year.” His eyes were fierce, though his lips were pressed together tightly. He waited for a response.
The details of that night were still fuzzy to Dean, but he definitely remembered thinking about Emma Watson.  “Oh, yeah.”
XIV.  	Her name was Mary Ellen, and she was two years old.  She had her mother’s eyes and her father’s nose.  She was wearing a onesie that said,
A joyful smile overtook Cas’s expression. The tears in his eyes overflowed, so what else could Dean do but kiss him?
“Congratulations, Dean,” Cas murmured, knocking his mug against Dean’s. “You’ve wanted this for years, and I’ve been privileged to witness the journey.” It was something he’d failed to put into words back at his apartment, but standing in front of Dean always made things easier.
Dean cleaned them up with his T-shirt, then ran his hands down Cas’s back.  “We - uh.  We gonna do that again sometime?”
“Can I take you out sometime? On a date, I mean.” Dean’s voice was steady, remarkably so, and Cas marveled at a man who could admit his feelings so easily.
Those dreams still weigh heavy on his heart when he turns around, wiping his hands.  And when he lifts his eyes to see Cas still sitting at the table and watching him, not even bothering to pretend he wasn’t, Dean dreams of the courage he doesn’t have in real life.
There was a long silence.  Cas was content to let it fall around him, to soak in Dean’s presence even if Dean wasn’t actually there in the apartment.  Then Dean opened his mouth and said very quietly, “For the record, I miss you too.”
His attraction to Cas had never been a problem - Dean could control himself, thanks very much - but that changed suddenly on one early autumn morning: Dean trudged out of his freezing bedroom with a blanket around his shoulders, and Cas smiled at him. It was his regular smile, the one he greeted Dean with every morning, but somehow it seemed more meaningful that day. Then Cas handed him a mug of - “Hot chocolate for breakfast?” “You’ve been working hard, Dean.” - and Dean’s heart stuttered at the affection in gesture. He took the mug, just barely managed to work his tongue around a
They climbed into the Impala shortly after. Dean looked back at the front door, then at Cas in his passenger seat. “Good job, Mr. Winchester,” he said, as if he hadn’t just been arguing with the birthday girl a few minutes prior.
“This was supposed to be enjoyable,” Cas complained. He had a loop of lights strung around his right bicep, and it continued around his left leg.
“Not because you’re willing to sleep with me,” he added.  He kissed Cas’s jaw.  “You’re perfect even without your hand in my pants.”
Cas tried to put that all into his kiss, into the drag of his hand down Dean’s back, into the way his other hand clutched at Dean’s ribcage.
Dean made a disgruntled noise of agreement, then lifted the toast to his mouth. Every movement looked painful.
“I dunno, Charlie,” Dean replied.  “I’ve been letting work stack up at the shop, might have to work all weekend.”  In reality, Dean didn’t feel right being the one to comfort Charlie, not when he was at fault for her disappointment.  Plus, he’d promised Cas he’d step back and take stock of his actions, so he was going to take the weekend to do that.
Dean was looking at Cas through his eyelashes. His cheeks were red, and his mouth lifted in an unsteady smile. “Cas, I’m hungover and probably dehydrated,” he murmured. “It’s taking a while for things to click.”
“What do you mean?” Dean asked.  He’d finished his beer already and wanted another one, but he wasn’t about to dig through the cooler with his mom right there.
Cas was overwhelmed with love; it stopped up his throat and pricked at his eyes. He couldn’t help it; he kissed his best friend.
Cas scratched his brow. He realized suddenly that they were no longer just talking about Cas’s spare room, and that maybe they were beginning to uncover the source of Dean’s frustration with Cas’s house hunt. “Dean, you’re - you’re much more important to me than any of the things you just mentioned. Purchasing a house doesn’t change that.”
“I’ve got a spare bedroom.  You’ve got clothes here already.  Pack your things and stay with me for four weeks.”
Cas spent the whole week throwing himself into his work, trying not to think about Dean and Sam’s invitation, but when Friday rolled around and Sam poked his head in to remind him about the barbeque, Cas couldn’t ignore it any longer.
“No one I trust,” Dean said sullenly. He rubbed a piece of imaginary dirt off the window. “I can’t hire just anyone, Cas.”
“Yeah,” Charlie said.  She sounded almost cheerful.  “Sometimes things don’t work out, right?  I didn’t think he was a good fit myself.”
Dean turned his full attention on Cas, an appraising look on his face. “I’ll give you a ride home if you like.” He was already handing off his bottle to Sam before he finished his sentence.
Cas continued guiding Dean to the bedroom, wincing when Dean tried to pull away to look at the baubles on the Christmas tree. “Why?” Cas asked, tugging Dean away by the torso. “Will you take him outside and teach him a lesson?”
“Just make sure you’re eating,” Dean reprimanded him one night, holding his phone to his ear. In Cas’s absence, Dean had settled in front of his laptop to work and had made good headway on his latest project.
He touched Dean’s shoulder, gave a little push to get him settled into the car.  “Go,” he said again.  “Let me know when you get there.”  He bent down further to speak to Sam.  “You’ll make sure he doesn’t drive when he’s tired?”
Cas paused.  Dean wanted to recoil.  What if Cas said Daphne had dropped him?  Where was Daphne?  And why didn’t Dean already have a drink in his hand?  “I rode with your brother,” Cas said.  “I left my car at my apartment.”
Cas walked over and put the bottle on Dean’s bedside table.  “Take the stupid cough syrup so neither of us have to be a sleep-deprived dick, alright?”
Charlie made him sleep on her couch.  He was too overwhelmed to drive home, she had told him, and when he still tried to sneak out, she’d caught him and threatened to call Cas.  That had been an effective deterrent, so Dean had borrowed a toothbrush and settled on her couch in his jeans.
Cas took one of Dean’s hands and guided it up under his shirt.  “I’m asexual, not naive, Dean,” he said.  His hips pushed forward.
“Cas,” Dean repeated, testing out the name in his mouth. “Alright. Well. I’m glad the book changed your mind.” He was usually much better with his words, but something about Cas’s voice - deep, a little rumbly - was tying up his tongue.
So Dean handles the dishes and Cas wipes up the table and waits for Dean on the couch where they channel surf for a few hours.
“For the record,” Cas said, still sounding at least 23% asleep, “I think Aaron Bass is a horrible choice, and I predict you’ll regret setting this up in some profound way.”
So Dean puts his hands on his knees.  He breathes.  He does it for Cas, even if Cas may not ever want to speak to him again.
“It was Bobby’s idea.  Even before you and I joined the bureau, he was hearing talk from his informants that Amara was selling favors and information to foreign nations where she could.  She was just an agent then, but she found ways to do it.  He just never had any proof besides the word of two-bit criminals.
They had been married within three hours of that conversation. They’d bought the rings afterward, then had gone right back to work. Cas had caught Dean staring at his left hand no fewer than half a dozen times that day. He’d made sure to kiss Dean every time.
Dean stopped.  He took a deep breath.  “Is Eileen…?”  It couldn’t be possible.  It had only been a few weeks since the wedding; they’d have had no way of knowing.  Unless - “Sam, you sly son of a bitch.  What’ll Mom say?”
But why?  Why was Dean so against Cas having this woman in his life?  She cared for Cas.  She hadn’t meant to leave him the first time.  In fact, she had, up until leaving, been a great companion for Cas.  So why couldn’t Dean accept her?  If it was a real possibility that she could stay this time and provide for Cas in ways that Dean couldn’t - why did Dean want to stand in her way so badly?
When Cas stepped away, Dean sat against the windowsill and linked his hands in front of him. His gaze was fixed on the floor in front of him.
Dean had finally closed his mouth; a corner of his lips started twitching upward. He didn’t tear his eyes away from Cas’s gaze when he knocked on Sam’s desk to get his attention. “We’ll bring you something back.”
Cas admired the way Dean looked in the glow from the Christmas lights blinking outside.  He touched Dean’s hair, admiring the way Dean’s eyelids fluttered in response.  Meanwhile, Mary had apparently gotten on the line because Dean was wincing.
“You’re the one hanging out with the hermit,” Cas said blithely, not even looking up from his laptop screen.  “In the hermit’s apartment.”
Cas admired the way Dean seemed to so easily accept the change between them, especially because Cas himself was having trouble tamping down on the temptation to get down on one knee and produce a ring. Cas tried to reassemble his expression into one of concern.  “I don’t think you’re fully recovered yet, Dean.”
He shoved his phone in his bag, grabbed his keys, and walked out on Dean like Dean had once walked out on Cas.
The expression on Cas’s face - sincere, soft, affectionate - made Dean’s throat tight. He laughed too loudly. “Hey, listen, when you do have kids, you can tag me in any time, alright?”
Everything Dean said was true, but he didn’t quite understand where Cas was coming from, and Cas didn’t know how to explain it to Dean without getting too close to the painful truth. A bigger apartment was indeed the most logical choice for Cas’s situation, but
Christmas Eve was quiet for Cas.  He spent the morning sorting through mail and thinking about Dean.  The afternoon was also spent thinking about Dean, though this time with a glass or three of scotch whiskey Dean had left behind from Thanksgiving.
Dean snorted. “Yeah, like that’s going any better. I’m not even sure Claire’s going to make it in time for the opening,” he said. He’d recruited Claire to work for him for the summer, but she was struggling to work out her schedule.
Dean turned to meet Cas’s gaze. It was piercing even in the dark, and Dean knew what Cas was trying to say.
Hanging up was the easy part.  Cas looked through the peephole again.  Dean was still standing there, stomping his feet.  He didn’t have any bags with him.  All he held was a...pie.
Mary put a hand on Cas’s knee.  “Come back as soon as you can, okay?  Dean’s been so busy lately that I’ve barely had any company.  And then he left so early yesterday - oh, by the way, Dean, how’s Charlie?”  She nudged Cas and grinned at Dean affectionately.  “He visited her last night to see how she was doing.”
Cas opened the fridge to show Dean the contents.  “I’m chilling some wine.”  He rolled his eyes at Dean’s expression.  “You’ll live without a glass of scotch, Dean.”
He started on the pancakes while Cas slowly returned to the land of the waking. This involved a lot of stretching and sighing, all of which Dean tried valiantly to ignore, concentrating instead on the familiar motions of mixing and pouring and flipping and mixing and pouring and flipping and -
The day did not get any better.  Charlie was her usual cheery self, but besides a few minutes she spent cracking jokes with Dean, she seemed content playing with Willow and chatting with Gilda about the episodes of
Cas settled in the familiar passenger seat, and Dean closed the door. When Dean climbed into the driver’s seat, he found Cas watching him.
They stayed in each other’s space for a few moments.  Dean’s hands had found their way out of his pockets to Cas’s waist, and as Cas became aware of them, he felt Dean’s grip loosen, then fall away.  Dean stepped away, looking down at the footsteps that marked where he’d been standing in the snow kissing Cas.  His cheeks were flushed a beautiful pink, and it was obvious he was biting down on a bashful grin.
Dean touched Cas’s lips with a thumb. His wide smile had been replaced by the slightest upward tilt of his mouth. “The bedroom one.”
But no.  Explain what?  That Dean had only been leaning in to - to what?  What other conclusion could Dean lead Cas to draw besides the obvious one?
“Probably because you didn’t bother to turn up the heat when you came in last night. Also you’re practically naked.”
The look Cas gives is mostly affectionate, but a little exasperated too.  “You always have my attention, Dean.  So trust me when I say you should
When Cas woke, it was with the distinct sense that he was forgetting something, but his bed was so warm and comfortable that he couldn’t be bothered to care.  He reached around blindly for his phone to check the time.  He hit something else, something warmer.
The wedding and reception of Sam and Eileen Winchester took place outdoors.  It was late spring, and the venue, an obscenely-priced private garden two hours from Dean’s home, had become a little too warm for Dean’s liking.  He wanted to loosen his tie, but he knew that if his mother caught him, she would haul him back inside and fix it for him like he was 9 again, trying to skip out on some distant relative’s funeral service.
Dean had been suffering from the cough for a week.  He thought it to be improving these last few days, but last night come his bedtime, it started up again, painful and deep from his chest, making him despise the thought of breathing.
?  “Listen to me, dude.  I - All I wanted was for you to meet my friend Charlie.  I was trying - I was trying to set you two up.”
Once he closed the door behind him, he found himself staring down a wide-eyed Castiel, still sitting at the dining table. Dean felt as terrified as Cas looked, and Cas looked terrified enough to bolt. Why
It was an easy enough friendship. Cas was a little odd, yes, but only in the way a four-leaf clover was odd - odd only because he was remarkable and one-of-a-kind and made Dean remember sunny days when all he saw was rain.
Dean’s hand reached blindly for Cas’s knee and squeezed.  “Of course, Cas,” he said, his eyes closed.  “No other way I’d have spent it.”
“Then we better get to work,” Cas replied smoothly. He extended an arm laden with Christmas lights toward Dean.
Oh. “You’re such a dumbass,” Dean said on a laugh, before reaching forward with his free hand to pull Cas into a kiss.
Cas is solemn as he greets Dean at the door of their home, but Dean scowls at him anyway.  “Don’t think I didn’t see you cheering when they scored.”
It was a mortifying experience performing for a one-man audience, especially because the one man in the audience was the subject of said performance. Dean stumbled over the most personal parts and butchered the rest, but by the halfway point he learned that Cas didn’t care about the quality of the performance - in fact, after every mangled poem, instead of speaking Cas would just kiss Dean stupid, pushing him up against the end of the couch. By the end of it, Dean was reading poetry with an arm wrapped around Cas, who was busy kissing Dean’s throat.
They had lunch on Tuesday at a bustling little bistro a few blocks from Cas’s workplace. Cas was a benefits advisor for a local insurance company and had a flexible schedule, so when Dean looked at his watch and saw that they’d been talking for two hours, he didn’t feel the need to cut things short.
Dean looked at his shoes. They were rugged, scuffed, and meant for working outdoors. When he looked back up at Cas, he caught Cas staring and offered a sheepish smile. “I’m gonna go nag Sam for lunch,” he said. “I’ll see you later, alright?” He patted the door frame and left, presumably to pester his brother.
But that had been two days before, and Dean hadn’t called or messaged him since.  He was beginning to feel a little abandoned, though logic protested that Dean was probably being kept busy by Mary’s list of chores.
Cas’s eyes were slipping closed, and he seemed to be giving into the temptation of sleeping on the couch because he grabbed a spare cushion and hugged it to his chest, letting his chin fall forward. “Only if you promise to make pancakes in the morning,” he mumbled.
“Feel better,” he said quietly, and Dean was so amazed he couldn’t respond, not even when Cas tacked on, “Good night, dick,” at the end of his sentence, right before leaving the room.
Cas looked at the clock.  It was edging up to 10pm.  Surely, he thought, Mary wouldn’t keep them working so late on a holiday?  He stared at his phone.  Maybe he could call Dean.
Dean closes his eyes, mortified.  Hearing that moment given life through Cas’s voice multiplies his misery, already so acute.  “Cas, I’m sor -”
“Nah, just us,” Dean said, slinging an arm over Cas’s shoulder.  “Your friendly neighborhood Dean and Cas.”
Dean turned to Cas.  His eyes were intense even in the darkness. “Whatever you do, stay behind this desk and
Sam and Dean both looked toward the door when they heard Cas’s knock. Like Cas had expected, Dean was half-sitting on Sam’s desk. He had Sam’s stress ball in one hand like he’d been tossing it around. Sam was leaning his elbows on his desk with his fingers pressing his temples.
Dean cleared his throat. The man looked at him curiously, and Dean took the opening. Unfortunately, he opened with “Nice day, isn’t it?”
Dean swore, and though he knew his heart was bound to ache for as long as he lived, the decision settled in his soul as
Cas’s apartment was small, but it was more than enough for a single man who only seemed to subsist either on pork rinds or kale and never anything in between.  A small bedroom off to the side was nothing more than a convenient place for Cas to collapse in exhaustion; the dining room was where Cas spent most of his time, which was obvious by the stacks of notes that were scattered where placemats should have been.  The rest of the apartment was clean - or at least untouched - because Cas spent 80% of the time he wasn’t entertaining Dean, writing.
Dean opened his mouth, ready to argue, but then closed it just as suddenly, deflating. He sighed and ran a hand over his face. “Cas, I don’t mean to be a dick.”
“Infinitely,” Cas said, and he really did sound relieved, much to Dean’s irritation.  “Now can I go back to sleep, or do you have any other problems to bring to my attention?”
Cas tried to stomach the arrangement in the meantime.  He didn’t always need or want Dean (in contrast to when he’d
“Oh, honey,” his mom said.  “I know a lot of things you don’t, but I’m not sure you’re ready to hear them.”
Dean looked like he was about to make a joke, but then thought better of it. “Too… loud?” he asked. His eyes skimmed over the neat button-down that Cas wore and Cas knew he was already coming to certain conclusions that Cas wasn’t sure he liked.
Dean wants to say, but that seems like too much truth even for a dream.  He takes a long breath, counting the seconds on the inhale, then on the exhale.  “Yeah,” is all he says.
“Jesus, she’s cute.”  He picked her up and put her on Cas’s lap.  He didn’t know how to bring up their argument, so he stalled.  He didn’t expect Cas to bring his hand to Willow’s snout and begin scratching, and he definitely didn’t expect Cas to smile like he
Cas was a little insulted. “Do they think they’re going to break up our engagement if they buy enough pastries?”
Dean looked again at the papers he was clutching. “I know what the numbers said, Cas, but these numbers are real. And they’re
“I still don’t know,” Dean said.  “I kept trying to charm her but it only worked so far.  I was hoping she’d let me in on whatever she was doing with her position of power, but that never happened.  I think she was still testing me.”  His voice was quieter when he said the next part:  “Which means those two years out there were… useless.”
After a few months of negotiations, Dean and Cas had finally closed on the purchase just two days before. They hadn’t even had time to move any furniture in.
Cas just smiled.  He seemed at peace there in Sam and Eileen’s backyard, letting a puppy steadily chew off his hand.  He could picture Cas in a place like this and hoped Cas would get there one day.
“Well, alright,” Dean said, not bothering to hide a long sigh.  “Guess I’m gonna have to hang out with Sammy.  Good luck, though.”
“If you were curious, I was smiling because life’s good.”  He slid his gaze to Cas to see if he was listening.  “Life’s great, actually.”
“Just admiring the view,” Dean says honestly, amused when Cas looks up at him through his eyelashes and glares.  “Eat up, handsome.”
Cas has shifted his attention back to the coffee.  “Thank you,” he says, but his tone lacks bite without caffeine.
Behind Dean, the tap drips a steady rhythm, a bizarrely normal counterpoint to this bizarre reality he’s walked into.  He feels like his world is shaking apart, one breath at a time, and the tap is counting down to its destruction.  “How am I supposed to answer that, dude?”
“Is that what you were hoping when you gave it to me?” Cas was distracted by Dean’s eyes. They were tired, but they were so kind, so green. Fixed on Cas.
Dean licked his lips again. He took a deep breath. “You know how I feel about you,” he said haltingly.
Cas’s sigh was frustrated. “Dean, I would have preferred that. At least that would have been you taking responsibility. Were you even ever going to tell me?”
Amara chuckled.  “It’s not just you in here.  You think I don’t keep track of how often the elevator doors open?  Whoever you are, come out.”
Even though that dream was sitting across the table from Cas, wearing flannel and staring like Cas had grown two heads.
Dean stacked the six-packs in his arms and began the short walk to the porch.  The house was a small one.  There were only two bedrooms, both upstairs, but the property at least had a backyard, which had been high on Sam and Eileen’s list of priorities.  It wasn’t their dream house, but it was perfect for the time being, and Dean had to admit that Sammy was doing a pretty good job with repairs.
The hallway opens to the living room, and, turning, Dean finds what he hoped to find: Cas, in their tiny little apartment kitchen, sternly watching the coffee maker as if his glare might convince it to work a little faster - just like every Saturday morning.
It was easy then to persuade Dean into a hug. All Cas had to do was spread his arms and Dean was fitting himself between them with a sigh, almost relieved.
A hand on his arm startled him.  He looked toward the newcomer and felt both his eyebrows and heart rate rise.
Dean leaned down further and nudged their noses together.  His hands spanned across Cas’s ribs.  “No,” he said firmly.  “I don’t deserve it, but you’d say yes.”
“I shot her,” Dean said, almost immediately.  “She was aiming at your heart, Cas.  If I hadn’t shot her, the bullet would have -”
By the time they got the Christmas tree up to their apartment, Dean’s affection for Cas was almost overwhelming. Cas had insisted on buying an absolute
At the end of the walk, when Cas had deposited Jack safely with Gabriel in the front row, he took his place by Dean’s side.
Cas’s blood had run cold. He’d wanted to ask why, but Dean’s gaze, the furrow of his brow, the downturn of his mouth, had been begging him not to. Instead, Cas had rallied through his own hurt to reassure Dean: “I don’t regret it.”
The man just smiled. Dean stared for a second, transfixed, and likely would have continued staring had not the cashier called for the next in line.
Within five minutes, Dean was dressed and in his car.  He didn’t know what to say to Charlie anymore; he’d drunk himself into a stupor on Sunday night and had then thrown himself into his work for the next few days, so much so that he had forgotten all of the things he’d been planning on saying to Charlie if and when she ever responded to him.  All he could think to say now was “I’m sorry,” and in the grand scheme of things, that seemed to fall short of everything he needed to say.
The customers who returned after the first day, however, did so not because of Claire’s social media posts, but for two other reasons: 1) the pastries and 2) the handsome baker with green eyes.
In the pockets of his pants, Cas curled his fingers into his palms. How many more versions of Dean, ignorant of Cas’s feelings, would exist?  Cas’s mouth opened - to say what, even he didn’t know - but then Dean broke the silence with a cough and a stomp of his legs against the cold.
Heart in his throat, he walked to the far side of the bed and - very slowly, as silently and carefully as he could manage - slipped under the covers. The bed was already warm, and in contrast to earlier, the space between their bodies now seemed like far too little. If Cas shifted over just a little bit, if he reached out his hand just a few inches… but no. He shoved that thought down. Determined, he locked his hands over his stomach and stared up at the ceiling fan.
Dean examined Cas’s face for a few seconds. “I don’t blame you for being skeptical.” Then he grinned, full of cheek. “You didn’t know I’d be special.”
Dean did as was suggested. Eventually he closed his eyes. Cas wanted to touch the lines at the corner of his eyes. He wondered if Dean would ever let him that close.
Dean ran a hand over Cas’s back. The pounding of his head matched the pounding of his heart. “I love you too, Cas.”
Dean stood up. Gently, apologetically, he nudged Cas away from the stove and pulled the honey and tea box from where he kept it tucked away. Then with Cas standing at his elbow, he made Cas some tea: hot water, a tea bag, a squeeze of honey, in a mug handed to Cas with shaking hands. It was an olive branch.
Finally Sam’s smile looked real. “Yeah, thanks, dude. Eileen loves it. Big yard and everything for the dog.”
Dean took a few steps in.  He scratched the back of his head and held up a bag of Cas’s clothes in the other.  “I’m your ride.”
The typing stopped for real this time.  Dean angled his head so he could look at Cas behind him.  He smiled at the slack-jawed incredulousness on Cas’s face.  “Finally got you to pay attention to me.”
Dean bristled.  “I’m great, Sammy.  I just need a fucking drink that doesn’t have something green floating in it.”
Cas called later that night, after Dean had dropped Charlie and Aaron off at one of his favorite bars.  They’d begged him to come with, but he’d been exhausted, so he’d let them off and driven home, wanting nothing more than to dig through his fridge and see if there was a stray bottle of beer he hadn’t seen.
Three weeks later, Dean parked in front of Mary’s place and stamped out the disappointment he felt at not seeing Cas’s car.  Dean had not heard from his best friend since Cas had left town, but he’d harbored hopes that maybe Cas would show up and surprise Dean.  Because Dean was ready to see Cas.  He had been ready to see Cas for a few days.
Retirement was not treating Bobby well.  He seemed tired despite apparently fishing all day, and he was gruffer than usual, though he claimed he was happy to see Cas.
Cas was already warm with his sweater and three portions of scotch whiskey, but Dean’s words warmed him in a different way.  “You are the greatest friend I’ve ever had, Dean.”
Eventually Dean managed to stand up. They were within an inch of the same height, but Dean used his slight advantage to pull away, his grip on Cas’s shoulders.
“This past year shouldn’t even have happened,” Cas interrupted, pausing in his actions to direct a scathing look at Dean.  “You should have been at your own goddamn desk in this office
XII. 	Cas was restless.  He was already settled down in front of his TV with a glass of wine, trying to begin his weekend, but at the back of his mind was something he’d noticed earlier in the office, something he tried to pass off as definitely-not-his-business but was still keeping him from enjoying
Sam raised his hands and showed Cas his palms, but his smile was still unnaturally wide. “Nothing much. Just wanted to extend an invitation.”
“I’ll be here at 7? Is that okay?” Dean had put both his hands on his thighs, and his fingers were tapping restlessly against the thick denim of his jeans.
He grabbed his gun from his desk mechanically and followed the half dozen agents trooping down to the garage.  He couldn’t imagine using the gun on Dean - though he’d already used it more than he’d ever wished and was even quite good with it too - and he wondered if it was a failing or success of his training that he couldn’t bring himself to even think about raising a gun at his former best friend.
Dean scowled at Cas as he walked around to the driver’s seat of the Impala. “From my place, jackass.”
Cas takes one step forward.  He licks his lips.  “I don’t know if you noticed, Dean,” he says, in the manner of a man trying to remain composed but on the verge of mania, “but you weren’t the only one who wanted that kiss.”
“We’ll be fine,” Cas says, startled out of his shock by Dean’s distress.  “Let’s make a trip tomorrow to Costco - “
Dean gazed somberly back at Cas, his face tilted upward and to the side. His hands, held fast in his lap by Cas’s, were cold. “You don’t get it, Cas.”
It was the way Cas said it - not accusatory this time, just quiet and worried - that made Dean finally look at Cas. Cas's eyes were wide and questioning.
Dean paused.  He pulled the phone away from his ear to make sure the call was still connected.  “Still there, Cas?”
Cas was endorphin-high and in love.  He dropped his forehead onto Dean’s shoulder and laughed.  “Too busy making out like teenagers to notice.”
At around 9:30pm, after hours of restless pacing and near-obsessive cleaning, Dean left his house.  He drove to the corner store and stocked up on junk, bought a ridiculously overpriced gift bag, and left the gift bag with the junk food inside it outside of Charlie’s apartment door.  He could hear movement from behind the door, so he knocked, despite knowing she wouldn’t come to the door.
He arrived with Charlie and Aaron in tow.  He’d called ahead to let Mary know, but even so, when she opened her front door, her smile was a little brittle.  She liked Charlie enough, but she’d heard enough about Aaron from Cas to be a little defensive.  “Come in,” she said.  “We have… more guests than usual this month.  It’ll be… great.”
Dean’s mouth dropped open.  He seemed to struggle for something to say.  “Hey - uh, what - what’s up?”
Eileen pointed at Dean and Cas, then signed along as she said, “You’re already acting like an old married couple.”
Dean laughed.  It felt nice to laugh again.  He kissed her on the forehead.  “Charlie, you’re a treasure and anyone would be lucky to have you - but no.  I just - I dunno.  Can’t get any sparks going.”  He pulled away and put a strand of hair behind her ear.  “Tried with Gilda, but yeah, nothing going.”
They stayed for most of the day, calling Mary and Bobby over to tell them the good news about Sam and Eileen.  Dean embarrassed himself by crying even more than his mom, but Cas’s hand stayed locked in his for most of the afternoon, which made up for it.
,” was all Dean had the time to say before he was standing.  A half second later, the door opened and the light flickered on.
Dean looked at him, his brow furrowing when Cas didn’t say anything. He leaned in, almost as an experiment. When Cas leaned in too, just a little bit, Dean’s eyebrows flew up. “Oh.”
A few hours later, Cas woke from a poor nap to see Dean sitting up and rubbing his eyes. His T-shirt was creased, but Cas could see it was a T-shirt he’d bought Dean for one of his birthdays - one with the name of a band and a scandalously clad woman adorning its front. He’d bought it as a joke but Dean had cackled in triumph and put it on almost immediately, grinning at Cas so widely and sincerely that Cas had never found the heart to say it was a joke.
He imagined Cas and he imagined himself right next to him, and maybe, Dean thought helplessly, he’d have to reconsider his stance on poetry because Cas made him want to write sonnets.
“I’ll come by with breakfast,” Cas said, and even to his own ears, he sounded lovelorn. “Provided you wake up at an appropriate time for breakfast.”
Later, after lunch and dinner and more than a few drinks in between, Dean and Cas made their way to Dean’s home.  The conversation trailed off the closer they got to Dean’s neighborhood, and by the time they were two streets down, Dean could practically feel the anxiety buzzing off of Cas in the front seat.  When he pulled into the garage and shut off the engine, the silence was awkward.  Despite having basically proposed to Cas already, neither knew how to repave the road they’d already walked as best friends.
“Then never,” Dean snapped, even though just the thought of holding it all in for one more day made Dean’s chest feel tight.
“I mean it, Dean,” Cas said, because apparently he wasn’t done trying to kill Dean with affection. “Meeting you in that bookstore changed my life.”
“It went surprisingly fast,” Cas mumbled.  Truthfully, he’d stood in line for two hours between a mom with a screaming toddler and a young, sickeningly sweet couple, but he’d weathered the experience because he knew the pie would make Dean happy.
“It’s a nice distraction,” Dean said.  Then he dropped his voice.  “I wouldn’t mind another one, though.”
Cas looks up from his plate and catches Dean’s eye.  Dean’s suddenly nervous, though he can’t explain why.  He stands and sweeps away Cas’s plate.  He washes it and dries it and stows it away in their cabinets.
Cas flipped a piece of bacon. Some oil splattered on his hand, but it at least kept him distracted from Dean, fresh from sleep, with a pillow crease marking his cheek. “I imagine Sam is having the same morning.”
Dean looked at the door even though there was no one there.  “That’s great and all, but I… I still don’t feel like it was worth it.”  He turned his head back and looked at Cas then, sadly.  “I made you and Sammy hate me.  I haven’t even met his kid.  You… god, Cas, you think I didn’t hear how hard you worked to catch me?  How much you hated me?”
“Try telling her that,” Dean grumbled.  “She wants us back in Lawrence for my birthday so you can prove to her you’re not gonna try any funny business with me.”
There was pink high in Cas’s cheeks. “The ideas I have are all absurd.” He swallowed. Flipped through the manuscript, turned it around and flipped through it again.
Cas offered Dean a tentative smile, so small it was barely there.  But his voice was kind.  “That was thoughtful of you,” he said.
When Dean starts to nod off, Cas will shut off the TV and nudge Dean until he trudges toward the bathroom to brush his teeth.
Dean watched Cas’s eyelids flutter.  “Promise,” Dean said, though he doubted Cas could hear him. All horniness aside, Dean understood at that moment that he was willing to promise a lot of things to Cas, and pancakes? Pancakes were the least of them.
Charlie was every bit as sweet as Eileen said she was.  She was sweet and sincere and smart as a whip, and now that Sammy was all grown up and had Eileen to protect him, it felt right to fill that gap with the nerdy, cheerful Charlie.  And just like he’d helped Sammy and Eileen, Dean was ready to help Charlie.
There was hurt blocking up Cas’s throat. “Dean, I hope I never gave you the impression that you needed to change for me,” he said, looking at the floor.
Dean smiled sadly. “I get that. Sort of. But it’s still gonna be a while before I can wrap my head around it.”
It occurs to Cas, somewhere in the back of his mind, that they’re no longer under the mistletoe.  There is no longer any pretense for what Dean’s tongue is suddenly doing on Cas’s neck. What they’re doing now is no longer part of a stupid tradition, a stupid prank forced on them by Cas’s brother.
Aaron stared at him.  His jaw hung open.  Long moments passed.  Finally Aaron put a hand on a door handle.  “I’m gay,” he said, “And Charlie?  She’s… you know what?  I’ll let you figure that out on your own.”  He opened the door and climbed out.  Then he turned around and bent down to say one last thing: “Don’t contact me ever again.”  He slammed the door.
Dean’s car was even more amazing on the inside than Cas had imagined. When he slid into the passenger seat and said so, mostly out of awe, Dean visibly preened. “I knew you had good taste,” he said.
Dean gets up right in his face when Cas straightens.  Cas has seen this face in the throes of pleasure and he knows he’ll see it again; he lifts his chin and smirks, knowing how much Dean will hate it.
The kiss is short.  One lingering touch of the lips.  It’s barely anything.  It definitely shouldn’t explain the thudding in Cas’s chest or the way Dean draws back and looks at him, intense and dark-eyed and way too serious for apparently not taking it seriously.
They spend the first few weeks after the reopening of the state in much the same way as they did in quarantine.  Cas’s apartment has always been quiet, but now he’s even more thankful for it because he can hear Dean everywhere: the creak of his footsteps on the floorboards, the running water of the shower, the music that sometimes drifts from behind his closed door into the living room.
.” His voice, though muffled, was embarrassed. Shame tinted his tone, and Cas marveled again at how much it must have taken to say everything else he’d already said.
Cas cooks dinner to give Dean a break.  Cas is not a great cook but Dean always clears his plate with relish and claps a hand on Cas’s shoulder before clearing up and starting on the dishes.  Cas lets him handle the dishes to avoid the judgmental look Dean had cast on him the first time he saw Cas washing up.  “You’re using too much water,” he’d said, wincing.
The laughter that follows breaks the ice.  Dean tries and fails to stop himself from crying when they all come forward to congratulate him.
Sometimes work overwhelmed Cas. Whenever it did, he’d arrive at Dean’s apartment and silently seat himself at Dean’s dining table. He’d put his head in his hands and shake his head when Dean asked him any questions.
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’s back and drew them even closer together.  “You’re stuck with me forever then.”  There was a smile in his voice when he said, “Making out until we’re senior citizens.”
“I’m not here to convince you,” Cas said, still feeling a little breathless. “I’m actually here to ask Dean if he’d settle for my company instead.”
“I didn’t,” Cas said.  He laid his palm on Dean’s chest and let the warmth of his skin sink into Dean’s.  “I still wouldn’t be able to stand not being with you.”
Cas had pictured Dean in a queen-sized bed, bundled beneath blankets, pouting into the pillow with Sam hogging most of the mattress  He hadn’t been able to keep the smile from his voice when he said, “Good night, Dean.”
He had thought he could accept Cas and Daphne, but now, seconds away from the words spilling into reality, he knew he couldn’t.  And then Cas would know.  Cas would know by Dean’s reaction that Dean was in love with him.
The realtor looked at her phone and excused herself. “Take your time,” she called over her shoulder.
The initial kiss was soft, but Cas indulged in it all the same, knowing they had ages until Christmas and all the privacy they wanted.  He pressed harder.  Dean managed a delighted laugh between breaths, and when he snuck a hand up Cas’s sweater, Cas rewarded him with a nip of his bottom lip.
“When I’m bored,” Mary admitted.  “Which is a lot.”  She sent Dean a pointed look.  “Planning Sam’s wedding was the highlight of my year, you know.”
When he wandered, dreamlike, back into his bedroom, he found Cas in one of his T-shirts, sitting up against the headboard, staring at his lap.  Waiting for Dean.
Dean scowled, but he couldn’t find a decent argument against that.  He remembered flowers and Charlie and Cas and a hell of a lot of bubbles up his nose.  “Whatever.  Congratulations.  Now will you help me figure out what I did to piss Cas off?”
Cas was in his office responding to emails on Friday morning when someone knocked on his door frame. He looked up and felt his stomach flip.
Cas had been on his feet all day. Seated at his little plastic table, he massaged a cramp in his calf. “I’m not gifted with charm, Dean. If anything, my lack of social skills are chasing customers away.”
Meanwhile, Dean was staring down six loaded guns and barely seemed moved.  “He mentioned his car was giving him trouble; I offered to help.”
Cas’s smile was crooked as he slowly leaned in, spread a hand on Dean’s shoulder, and dragged it down his chest.  Then he twisted his fingers in the cloth of Dean’s T-shirt, right at the edge, his knuckles bumping against the hem of Dean’s boxers.
“It’s nice to see you again, Dean,” Cas replied, because it really was nice to see him. He was wearing an apron just like Cas had imagined; it was dark gray with pockets in the front to accommodate tongs and other grilling tools. Underneath the apron Cas was wearing a black T-shirt and jeans, and Cas was only a little afraid to admit that he really, really liked it.
Cas was dawdling over a reply, thumbs hovering over the screen, wondering what words could ever capture his pride, his love, his affection - when another message popped up from Dean, this time only for Cas. It was a photo of a champagne bottle sweating on the stainless steel countertops of the bakery kitchen.
Dean pressed his lips together.  “It’s past midnight, Cas, c’mon, you think I’m gonna wake her up for that?”
spills out in every direction and Dean wants to take his time, wants to see where each thread of possibility might lead him, if one might lead him to a world in which Cas already
Dean liked pushing Cas, liked pulling reactions from him that made Cas’s color rise, but there was nothing he liked about this.  He nudged Cas with an elbow.  “You should get a dog.  A house.  A place like this.  The world out there doesn’t deserve you anyway.  I’ll join you.  I’ve already sworn to be a lifelong bachelor, haven’t I?”
Dean had taken over as Cas’s informal cooking instructor for a time, so they’d been spending a lot of time in Dean’s kitchen. He had smiled then, a little melancholy, as he watched Cas chop an onion. Then he’d said, “Yeah, time helped. But you being around helped too.” It had been the first time he’d said anything of the kind to Cas.
Cas shifted on the couch at the sound of Dean’s door closing, and a few seconds later he was sitting up and squinting at Dean, the blanket that Dean had draped over him falling from his shoulders. His bedhead was a sight to behold.
Dean got up very suddenly from the couch and started pacing.  “I just mean instead of me leaving and you staying or the other way around or something - we could just
In the end they leave only with words of thanks for the old lady and reassurances that Dean will get back to her.
It’s difficult to read Dean’s facial expression through the mask when he says, “I wish there were another bedroom for you.”
Dean approached Cas later when Claire was out on a beef jerky run for Dean. The shop was empty, and Cas, perched on a stool waiting for customers, was struggling in his Words with Friends game against Gabriel.
”  Then he saw the nervous bob of Dean’s throat.  He drew back, just a little bit.  “Sorry,” he said.
Cas dropped his hand from where it covered Dean’s so he could reach forward and touch Dean’s jaw. The other came to rest on Dean’s chest, where Cas could feel Dean’s pulse thrum, even though his shirt. “You want me here? I’ll be here,” Cas repeated. Then he added, “For as long as you want.”
Dean drops his eyes.  His bravery flees.  He heads to the sink instead of the table and turns on the tap.  He washes his hands, aware of the way Cas’s gaze lands heavy on his back.  He feels the itch in the back of his throat that should have told him all he needed to know and clears his throat.
“If she chooses one of them, the rest will be too heartbroken to come back,” Dean pointed out roughly, gesturing toward the door with a dish towel. “It’s bad for business.”
Cas fixed that in his mind and hung all his hopes on the next thing he said: “Well, would you want to date me?”
So Dean, Cas, and Jack went on with their lives - separate but hopelessly intertwined, and all Dean could do was lie awake at night hoping that when the time came, he’d be able to make sense of the mess of tangled knots they’d created.
Dean didn’t realize how much it bothered him until Cas opened his door looking obnoxiously good in a navy blue sweater.
Dean was pulling up to their destination. He parked by the curb. “Fine,” he said, “We’re not kidnapping you.”
Cas opened his mouth, brow furrowed, heart hurting not for himself but for Dean - but Dean held up a palm.
Charlie’s apartment was a decent size for a young lady, located in a neighborhood that she shouldn’t have been able to afford - but she was good at what she did and she was paid well for it because she made sure that her bosses knew that no one could match her talents.  Charlie was charming, but even more so than that, she was shrewd.  Dean was so proud of her.
He knew it wouldn’t wipe away the image in his head of Dean in his car, jaw clenched and brow furrowed, but it might soothe some of the guilt he still harbored. It was selfish, he knew, but when he imagined the way Dean’s fingers would curl around his phone, the way Dean’s lips might twitch upward, he couldn’t bring himself to care.
Dean was crying again, and he despised it. “I’m in love with you,” he said. He was terrified, anxious, and angry with himself at the same time. “So if that changes things - if you want me to fuck off and never talk to you or Jack again - now’s the time to tell me.”
Dean dropped his hand.  Punched Cas on the shoulder instead, ignoring his indignant splutter when his coffee sloshed over the rim.  “You sap,” Dean said.  “You came back because you were worried about me.”  Dean played it off as no big deal, but he was touched.  More than touched, though, he felt loved.  Cas had left because of Dean, sure, but he’d also come back because of Dean, and Daphne had never managed either.
Dean’s mom insisted on moving the next family get-together to a local park, even though Dean told her they would be at least one guest down, since Aaron wouldn’t be attending.  “Well, good riddance,” she said over the phone.  Dean had just pulled into his driveway.  “He asked me for my apple pie recipe the last time, and I had to make one up on the spot.  How many apples do you think you need for a pie?  I told him he needed two dozen.”
“Yeah, not to mention the thousands of dollars it’s taking from my bank account,” Dean said when Cas brought it up. He scratched his cheek and sighed wearily. “Not sure I’m gonna survive this, Cas.”
Dean rubbed his eyes.  “The whole point was to stay up for Christmas, right?  I wanna stay, but I could do with some coffee.”
“...You were planning on telling them, weren’t you?” Though Cas’s eyes were closed, his voice was soft, a little scared.
haunted me for two years.”  Cas could see someone approaching, probably to check on Dean’s shoulder.  “But then you waltzed into the office like you’d never left, and I finally had the opportunity to ask - but I found that I didn’t care anymore,” Cas said.  “Whatever love and concern I had for you, you destroyed it.”  He knew the words would hurt Dean, and he said them still, even though his voice was shaking.
Dean covered his eyes with a hand.  The rest of his face was pink.  “And I - I mean, we could - I mean, in the future, it’d be so easy to - to
A restlessness takes root in Dean’s hands, in his feet, in his legs.  He stands.  He sits.  He presses his palms over his eyes so hard he sees stars bursting into pinpricks of light.
He still ended up losing, but he blamed it on the hand that Dean had kept hanging on Cas’s shoulder.
“And she might leave again,” Dean said.  “She said it herself: she doesn’t know how long she’ll be in town.”
There were phones out recording Claire’s reaction. Cas could tell Dean was uncomfortable, so he took Dean’s hand and squeezed. “Kaia did most of the work,” Cas said, nudging Claire into the house. “Have fun. Call if you need a ride.”
Despite decidedly not kissing Dean, Cas is still pressed tantalizingly close.  Dean takes a deep calming breath.  “The sink,” he said.
Cas pulled open the top right drawer of his desk and picked up his phone to show Dean a little guiltily. “I had to put my phone away so I wouldn’t spend my whole morning talking to you.” He only recognized the implications after looking up at Dean and seeing a flash of pleased surprise cross his face.
“You’re staring at me,” Cas says, though he’s looking down while he mixes his eggs, which are orange now.  “Is there a reason?”
Dean looked away, rolling his eyes a little bit. His cheeks were pink, but it was a colder-than-usual winter, so it wasn’t unusual. “That’s not why I brought it up.”
Dean craned his neck to frown at Cas. “I’m not romantic?” he asked. It sounded like a genuine question.
Dean puttered around in the kitchen, opening cupboards and looking for a glass. “What do you want from me, Cas? I’ve been busy.”
Sam groaned.  It sounded muffled, like he’d put a pillow over his face or faceplanted into his mattress.
Cas sent him a dry look through his eyelashes.  “You give me many reasons to worry, Dean; it’s not a good thing.”
Cas picked up the sweater (Christmas-themed, very rude) and jeans on the floor and tossed it into the basket in the corner. “With Ellen behind the bar, you should have been more careful.”
Cas lingered nearby in a sweater and a hastily procured scarf, shoving his hands in his pants pocket as the cold sunk in. He had the distinct impression that Dean was stalling somehow.
He steeled himself, walked to his desk, and read it anyway. It was a photo of Sam with a glare on his face, gaze directed slightly over the camera lens. He was hunched over forms on his desk with a pen in his hand. The caption read,
Cas recognized a few of his coworkers’ cars parked nearby, but the car that drew his attention the most was the black Chevy Impala that so often swung by the office to pick up Sam. It really was a beautiful car, and it shined like it was brand-new: a testament to Dean’s love for it. For just a second, Cas allowed himself to imagine sitting in the passenger seat, sitting in the car Dean loved, watching Dean drive with the windows rolled down.
Cas’s smile turned a little dry, though Dean got the feeling that it was more for show than borne of actual irritation.  “It’s not a competition, Dean.”
“I don’t want you to have the guest room,” Cas repeated - softly, though, mostly because if he spoke any louder he feared his voice would break.
“No,” Dean said, holding up his hands.  “Relax.  I stopped for a little bit.  Got a few hours of shut-eye.  Asked for directions.”  The last part he said with a pained smile.
Barely able to believe that there was still a chance their friendship could be mended, Dean asked, “Do you
Dean didn’t bother asking what Sam was talking about. “He doesn’t need that on his plate right now.”
Cas looked out the window.  He used to come here with Dean, many years ago.  Cas would look out the window to avoid looking at Dean’s eyes, so vibrantly green in the light bouncing off the pavement.  It had taken him many long months to return, and he was beginning to think that returning hadn’t been a good idea after all.  “He betrayed the bureau, Bobby,” he said.
They make their way to the single bedroom.  In it is a queen-sized bed and nothing else.  They stand at the door and look at it for a long moment.  Cas bites his tongue and digs his fingernails into his palm, trying not to think about who Dean might share it with.  “It’s a decent size,” he manages to say.  It might be the mask covering his mouth, but to his ears his voice sounds distant.
Cas started jotting down a note in the margin of the file in front of him.  Dean reached out and covered Cas’s hand, stopping him.  Immediately Cas grabbed his hand back.  His blood roared in his ears.  “Don’t.”
In the apartment, they take 45 minutes to wipe down their groceries.  “Is this how it’s going to be from now on?” Dean sighs, after stashing the milk in the fridge.
Monday was both a relief and a sharp reminder of what he’d done - a relief because it ended a long 24 hours that he’d spent with his head in his hands, trying to figure out why any thought of his conversation with Dean made him feel nauseous and sad; and a reminder of what he’d done because Sam Winchester was simply not a subtle person. At work, he’d waved at Cas once from across the lounge, then slinked out and avoided Cas’s eyes for the rest of the day. It was not a reach to conclude that Dean had told him all about his failed attempt at matchmaking.
Dean wanted to run into a wall repeatedly until he knocked himself out.  “Jesus, what was I thinking?”
“I haven’t done that already?” Cas’s brain felt detached from his tongue. He had no idea where these words were coming from.
Dean arrived at the park in a sour mood.  Usually his visits with family were something to look forward to, something to lighten his mood after a long work week, but the last one had only put him in a worse mood, and this one was already starting off on the wrong foot thanks to Cas’s radio silence.  Dean would almost have preferred if Cas didn’t show up, but Cas’s car was already parked when Dean started lugging out the cooler from his trunk.
Dean was halfway to his desk. He felt manic in that moment and despite himself, he laughed a little. He’d miss Cas desperately if this went wrong. “You gotta stop rewatching that episode, Cas.”
An inkling of a suspicion started tapping at the inside of Dean’s skull.  Carefully, he said, “I dunno; I like her.”
Cas was about to announce his exit and orchestrate a quick escape from the building when Sam said, “Uh, well, he didn’t really mention
Dean ignored the order.  “Well, if we’re doing this ‘proper’ and all that, might as well break out the wine.”  He found Cas’s corkscrew and pulled out two wine glasses from a cupboard.  By the time Cas had the lasagna out of the oven and was searching for a proper serving utensil, Dean had uncorked the wine - dark red - and poured out two generous portions.
“Great,” Dean said. He had to bite on his lip to keep himself from grinning any more widely, and that made Cas’s stomach flip. “Are you free tomorrow night?”
Cas spent a few minutes squinting at his phone, trying to put a name to the feeling swelling like a balloon in his chest. The words in the text message, while objectively good, didn’t bring Cas any happiness. They didn’t bring him any relief either, which was the very least that Cas had hoped for. Instead, Cas identified the nauseous feeling in his gut as regret. The knowledge that Cas could do nothing to diminish that regret - at least not without asking Dean to trust him after rejection - made Cas’s stomach sink even lower.
The calls with his mom were perfunctory, and he didn’t dare bring up the Cas comment she had made because, he reasoned, Cas had given Dean no reason to worry about him and Daphne.  Unless Cas’s radio silence counted as reason to worry.  Was it reason to worry?  Dean couldn’t decide.
Dean was outright grinning at him. “You really think he’d pass up the chance to eavesdrop?” They were shoulder to shoulder as they started walking to the door.
Cas was silent for so long that Dean started thinking of all the future lonely jerk-off sessions he’d be indulging in.  He comforted himself with the thought that at least he’d been able to make Cas come once in this short life, and that the memory was forever his to jerk off to.
“I hope he and I can still be friends,” Cas said, after a small pause. It was a hope that Cas had only just recognized, but one he sincerely wished for, now that it had made itself known.
He opened his car door and climbed out.  “You know anything else I don’t?  Feel like I’ve been off my game lately.”
of her gun’s safety and the thought of Dean being on the receiving end of her bullet that made Cas do it.  He stood from his hiding place, turned, and aimed the barrel of his gun at his boss.  His hand was steady.  Somehow he knew this was the right thing to do.
Cas sat immobile at his desk for a few seconds. Then, arrested by a sudden need to be alone, he got up, shut the door, and put his face in his hands. He stayed like that for many minutes, palms flat against his flushed skin. Outside his door, he heard his colleagues’ footsteps, the occasional murmur and laughs. Inside he could only hear the low drone of the vent above his desk and the soft whir of his computer.
Dean and Cas babysat for the weekend while Sam and Eileen took a much-needed break.  Dean and Cas too needed a break, but their break didn’t consist of wine-tastings and beach towns;  they’d been granted two weeks of leave by Bobby, and they’d been spending it learning and relearning each other in Cas’s home.  Dean had retrieved his belongings from the FBI evidence lockup, but he hadn’t been able to get his apartment back.  Luckily, it hadn’t been a difficult choice for Cas to offer his home to his best friend.
“You should,” Cas said. “If you enjoyed Campbell’s book, you’d enjoy certain poets, I think. There were some great moments of poetry in the second half especially.”
It was difficult to feign exasperation when all Dean had wanted for the past week was Cas curled up on his couch. “Seriously, you need another hobby.”
She pulled the trigger.  Cas heard the gunshot echo and felt the bullet tear a hole in his shoulder.  He cried out and dropped his gun, putting a hand to his bleeding shoulder.  In the midst of a searing wave of pain, he registered the sound of a groan and a small scuffle.  Then voices, familiar.  One of them was Bobby’s.
“You’re quiet tonight,” Dean said eventually, after a second portion of lasagna.  “Everything okay?”
Cas waits until Dean looks at him.  “How long have you wanted to do that?” Cas murmurs breathlessly.
Cas snatched his hand back. Suddenly wide awake, he cleared his throat. “Are you feeling any better?”
Dean closed his eyes. His brow furrowed more deeply. “That’s not your - “ he stopped and clamped his lips shut. He took a deep breath. He rubbed his palms down his pants leg so hard Cas wondered if it hurt. “Fair enough,” Dean finally said, hitching on a smile that looked painful to maintain. “Thanks for letting me know.”
Within a few days there’s evidence of Dean’s presence all over the apartment: his jacket in a pile with Cas’s near the door, his toothbrush in a separate cup near Cas’s, his shoes by his bedroom door, a spare sock in the dryer.  It makes Cas feel warm in a way he doesn’t dwell on, even when he notices the way Dean smiles at him without fail every morning when he finally emerges from his blanket cocoon in the spare bedroom.
Cas was twisting the tool into the cork. “That’s fine. I’ll drink it out of the bottle if I have to.”
A long silence on Dean’s end followed.  “Mom, we’re -”  He sent Cas an apologetic look.  “We’re figuring it out, alright?  It just happened - “  He sighed.  “Yeah, alright.  Yes.  Yes, ma’am.  Uhuh.  Love you too.  Happy new year.”
The redhead stared, shocked.  “What does that have to do with anything?”  She brandished her fist at him.  “Leave me alone!”
Cas caught Dean looking back at the Impala and found he couldn’t bear the thought of Dean leaving, of being apart from all the future versions of Dean there would be, even for a day.  He reached out and touched Dean’s face.  “You’re flushed,” he said.
“No, actually,” the man replied, looking contemplatively at the cover. “This is a gift for my co-worker. Apparently she’s a huge fan but has been too busy to grab a copy for herself.”
Dean grinned.  He hashed out the details with Aaron and hung up feeling immensely good about himself.  He crawled back under the covers with a grin on his face.
“I’m surprised your appetite’s returned,” Cas said, swallowing the lump in his throat. He took a seat at the table.
Cas smiled the type of smile he reserved for clients: polite, detached, and noncommital. “I’ll try.”
Daphne was staring at Dean.  Dean refused to look at her.  He got up and dusted off his hands.  “I’m gonna go after them.”
Dean wants to laugh it off, especially because, to Dean, Cas has never been ‘just’ anything, not even ‘just’ a friend - but the sincerity in Cas’s voice stops him.  Cas is either snippy and sarcastic or completely too sincere - never anywhere in between - and Dean knows to appreciate the rare moments of sincerity.  He nudges his foot against Cas’s calf.  “I’m glad,” he murmurs.
Cas frowned.  He had his mug in his hands but he hadn’t taken a sip of it.  “You - you and Gilda.  You must have been disappointed.”
Dean didn’t move, so, heart in his throat, Cas took the risk: stepping forward, angling Dean’s face upward. It was Dean who took the next step, though, pulling Cas in by the back of his neck and letting their lips meet.
Dean searched Cas’s eyes.  “I dunno how to - is it okay - “ He closed his eyes and took a deep breath before trying again.  “Cas, can I kiss you?”
Cas’s stomach dropped. He cut Dean off before he heard anything else. “In the end, we won’t work out. It won’t matter how long we drag it on.”
By the time he’d brushed his teeth and used Cas’s mouthwash, he felt halfway human, even if his head was still pounding.
.”  He caught Dean’s scowl and parried: “Don’t pretend you wouldn’t still be out there if you hadn’t been caught.  And don’t pretend like you’re doing America a favor when all you’re doing is saving your own ass from life in prison.”
Sam seemed relieved to do anything other than sit and pretend he was a statue. He lifted the bowl, but Dean intercepted it.
Panic was sweeping over Dean, taking over his voice: “Then don’t tell me,” he said quickly.  “Let’s - let’s pretend that nothing’s changed.  If you say it, then that’s it.  That’s - that’s it.  It’s out, and there’s no going back.”
Cas offered her a smile. “We know your birthday’s coming up, but you won’t be in town for it, so - “
“So I deactivated my tracker, stole a car, broke into her office, and found encoded notes underneath the floral foam.  Her brother’s a bestselling author, and he’s traveling regularly - easy enough to establish criminal contacts with that sort of alibi.”
And Dean’s intuition was right, because Cas’s smile was back, and it actually reached his eyes.  “Fine,” he agreed.  “Whatever you say.”
About two hours later, Cas was dropped by his rideshare outside Sam’s new home.  It was quaint, could do with some remodeling, and needed some touch-ups on the paint here and there - but it was quiet and peaceful, and exactly what Sam needed after a touch childhood.
On his bedside table is his phone, two pink carnations in an empty beer bottle (Cas had bought the flowers and left them forgotten on the dining room table), and the bottle of cough syrup Cas gave him in the middle of the night.
She smiled at him in greeting and sat next to Cas.  “It’s nice to see you made it,” she said, taking a dainty sip of whatever godforsaken concoction she ordered.
He was looking at bookmarks - maybe Eileen would appreciate a sturdier one - when another hand reached forward to browse through them too.
“I’m tired, and I’m tired of your so-called philanthropy.  If you want to help Charlie with her nonexistent problems, go right ahead, but don’t be surprised if she throws you out too.  Now please leave.  Lock the door on your way out.”  He walked into his bedroom, closed the door, and didn’t come back out.
All of the lies he’d told over the past year of their friendship nagged at Dean’s conscience. When he’d told them, they’d been necessary ones, ones meant to be practical and safe, but here in this moment, with Cas nodding off in his passenger seat, trusting Dean with his safety and property? None of the lies seemed necessary any more.
Dean was secretly thrilled with the way Cas’s mouth pinched.  He knew he shouldn’t like riling up Cas so much, but there was something about breaking Cas’s usually stoic expression that was addictive.
Dean finally turned toward Cas.  Dean was the best man, but Cas had also been asked to stand by Sam’s side as a groomsman.  He was dressed as Dean was: in a tailored grey suit with a pink hydrangea peeking out of a buttonhole.  The tie was pink too, and it brought out the pink champagne flush on Cas’s cheeks.  Dean was not so vain as to admit that Cas pulled off the colors much better than he did, so when he winked at Cas, it was a genuine compliment.  “Why, gorgeous, I had no idea you paid so much attention.”
He waited for Dean to figure it out in the silence: he wanted Christmas this year to be for them and no one else.
One of Dean’s front steps was creaking.  He turned around and put his weight on the step again and frowned when the wood bowed.  “What are you talking about, mom?”
“Can I borrow your phone, by the way?” Dean asked, as he shoved on Cas’s baking mittens.  “I should call Sam and let him know I got here.”
“Great,” Dean said quickly, too loudly in the quiet air.  “I’ll order a pizza and we can stay up and watch a movie or something.”
He felt the tension leave Dean’s body.  He heard it too, in the sigh that Dean released.  Dean ran his other hand over his face.  “Wow,” he said.
“Surely your landlord won’t kick you out - “ Cas shuts his trap when Dean sends him a look because they both know his landlord’s reputation.  At a loss, Cas wanders over and stands behind the couch.  For a while they watch the news.  The governor is late to his press conference and the anchor is repeating the talking points of the breaking news.  Cas’s eyes slide to Dean, sitting on the right side of the couch.  Cas knows there’s a permanent divot in the cushion from all the time he’s spent there.  Struck by a sudden idea, Cas says, “If you don’t find a place, you can take my couch for as long as you need.”
“Marginally,” Cas answers.  “But that’s not saying much since all I was doing was answering work emails.”
.  But after he finished his beer - his third?  fourth? - he sat partly on the blanket between Eileen and Gilda, though he angled his body outward so he wouldn’t have to look at the two inches of scant space between Daphne and Cas.
Cas would learn later that it had only been a few months since John Winchester’s death, and that the barbecue was the family’s first big celebration without him. Dean had been distracted all night—Cas had only noticed because Dean was (and had since remained) magnetizing—but at some point Dean had noticed Cas and passed him a beer. Then he’d made small talk and grinned like he’d found a treasure worth keeping when Cas handed him another drink from the cooler.
But then he walked out and saw Dean flipping through channels while lounging on his couch and he thought, for the first time,
“Dating doesn’t usually go well for me,” Cas confessed. “But I should have listened to you when you said you were willing to try.”
When they’re done Cas nods his approval at his reflection, turning his head left and right. “Who needs a barber when you have Dean Winchester?”
“Yeah, dude. What’ve you been doing all morning? I sent you some top-tier jokes, and you didn’t even send me that laughing cat emoji you like.”
“Yes.” The word was out of Cas’s mouth before he could think better of it, and he could hardly regret it when Dean’s face lit up.
The fever waned, but then strengthened again in the morning, a fact Cas was only aware of when he wandered back into the bedroom from a nap on the couch and Dean grabbed his wrist with a heated palm.
“You’re keeping me up,” he said, voice rough.  He held up a bottle of cough syrup, unopened.  “Stop posturing and take this.  It’ll put you to sleep, too, so you won’t be such a sleep-deprived dick tomorrow.”
Dean groaned, but he didn’t answer.  He was too busy pinching the bridge of his nose and trying to detangle the mess of thoughts in his head.  How could he have fucked up
Cas’s heart was on the verge of combusting at Dean’s hushed, reverent voice. “Buying a house was the closest I could get to the life I wanted.”
Cas rolled his eyes.  He served himself and began eating, thankful that he had something to do other than think about the way Dean’s leg was leaning against his underneath the table and how it had to be deliberate.
“I’m so sorry,” Dean breathes.  He looks to the hallway, toward the sound that brought him out of the dream - the dream that was never a dream in the first place.  Then he looks back at Cas and backs out of the room despite the way his stomach drops when he sees Cas’s confusion.  “I’m sorry,” he says again, then turns away to flee into his bedroom.
When he voiced this thought to Bobby over their breakfasts, the man snorted.  “That boy could never stay away from you too long.”  There was a trace of the mildest sort of affection in his voice.  When Cas raised his eyebrows, Bobby looked away.  “It’s a shame.”
Cas arches an eyebrow, and Dean likes it.  “Do you want me to remove it?” Cas asks, leaning in again, dragging his hand down to Dean’s waistband at an agonizingly slow pace.
A silence falls between them, though meanwhile the governor has finally made his way onto the TV screen.  “
He runs a hand through his hair and looks despairingly at the room.  It’s pristine.  Untouched.  There’s almost no evidence of anyone having spent any time in here, and it’s been Dean’s room for four years.
Dean sighed.  Slowly, still watching Cas’s reaction, he perched himself on the edge of Cas’s bed.  Then he started - haltingly at first, then more confidently as he went on:
“I know it sounds like the world’s ending, Dean, but it’s only a mild hurricane. Minimal risk, so long as I stay put.”
Sam’s voice was comforting.  “Listen, Cas, I’m gonna hang up, then you’re going to let my brother into your apartment and you’re going to celebrate the new year together.  What that means, I’ve got no idea, but he’s been antsy without you and he’s probably freaking out that it’s taking you so long to open the door.”
Dean finished the last few turns on the Rubik’s cube and placed it back on Cas’s desk.  “Well, decide now because I have something to say.”
Three short beeps told Dean the call had dropped. Sighing, still struggling to swallow down his panic, Dean put his phone on his nightstand. He stared at the swing of his ceiling fan and thought about Cas - alone and in the dark, just like Dean - until sleep claimed him.
Dean shook his head. He touched the countertop with his hand. The touch was slow, almost reverent. Hesitantly, he said, “I thought that if I did this, if I got the bakery up and running, that I’d feel better about you and me.” He blinked rapidly. His throat bobbed. “I’m not sure that I do, though.”
Dean’s face is so tender it rends Cas’s heart a little.  “Ages,” Dean says, lifting a hand to touch Cas’s face.  Cas is astounded to see a soft smile on his face.
” Dean emphasized.  He laughed some more.  “Gilda shot me down real quick.  Said she knew I wasn’t really interested in her.  It was true, too, so I didn’t argue.”
They were so close it took next to nothing for Dean to arch in and kiss him.  He hoped Cas would stay this close forever.  “I’m sorry I made you.”
It was this thought that pulled Cas to his feet and brought him to the bathroom to shower. Cas didn’t really date, so it was easy for him to blow one date out of proportion, especially a date with a man like Dean who made Cas’s body respond in ways he’d never experienced. Usually thoughts about society’s cavalier attitude toward dating would have upset Cas, but in this case he was thankful, because it meant that when things between him and Dean eventually ended, Dean would understand.
“You’re gonna hate yourself in the morning,” Cas murmured once he was done, leaning close to fix the covers. “Sleep it off. I’ll be in the living room if you need me.”
Cas had lifted his head from his hands.  His expression was that of one who had known he’d be disappointed but was still devastated regardless.  His mouth opened and closed several times before he finally croaked, “I see.”  He looked down at their mugs.  “Well,” he said, after a long pause, “Let me get us some refills then.”
Dean doesn’t bother arguing.  He played for the full 90, and the emotional toll of the loss is just now sinking in.  “I’m ready to go to bed,” he says, his voice raw.
They were seated for dinner at Sam and Eileen’s house, though the couple was studiously pretending not to be involved in the discussion.
Cas tried to put words to the mess of thoughts in his head.  “I - I don’t know if I know how to…be like we were before,” he admitted.
The next morning, after waking up with limbs tangled on the couch, Cas made Dean recite the poems he’d put in his manuscript. “Only the poet knows how to recite their poetry. I want to hear the choices you make,” he explained - but there was a touch of mischief in his voice, and Dean figured this was Cas’s way of getting back at him.
Then despite himself, Cas yawned.  He looked at the time.  It was barely 8pm.  He looked again at Dean.  Might as well join him.  Cas sat down and draped the blanket over himself as well.
Dean barely looks up. “Nah,” he said.  “Took the day off so I could concentrate on looking for an apartment.”
Dean grinned and dropped the call.  “Hey, dude,” he said, once Cas got close enough.  “Merry Christmas.”
The meal was perfect. The toast was a little on the charred side, and maybe the bacon was a little too crispy for Cas’s taste, but he ate it all in Dean’s apartment while Dean watched from the seat opposite him, and Cas found he had nothing to complain about.
Cas sighed.  Dean almost smiled at how much he missed hearing it.  “I have accepted that I cannot control you, Dean Winchester.  If you insist on helping Charlie, I am going to stay as close as I can so I can step in if you are about to irrevocably ruin her life.”
The pair left, biting down on giddy smiles. Dean watched as they did, his smile slipping into a frown, then wordlessly he took his empty tray into the back, leaving Cas and Claire in an otherwise empty shopfront.
“Because of the expectation of sex?”  There was a long pause.  “That’s probably one of the reasons.”
So Cas dragged a chair close and split breakfast with Dean. Dean shuffled the bacon off to Cas, but they shared the eggs off the same plate, hands and forks knocking every so often. Their shoulders brushed every time Dean fidgeted in his seat, and Cas leaned into the contact, wondering if and when Dean was going to call him out on it.
But Eileen grabbed one of his pants legs.  When he looked down at her, she was shaking her head.  “Not a good idea,” she said.  The look in her eyes told Dean she knew more than she let on.  “Trust me.”
Sam and Eileen’s new place was just over an hour away from Dean’s.  It was a little too far for Dean’s liking, but he figured Sammy deserved a little privacy after spending so much of his childhood sharing a bedroom with Dean.
Aaron came in ten minutes later in a get-up much fancier than Dean had ever associated with an Applebee’s
against all odds.  And he was never letting it go again.  He opened his eyes and met Dean’s soft gaze.  “Luckily you don’t have to find out,” he murmured.
Cas had known it was coming, but still the words said out loud took his breath away. He forgot every word in the language, pinned under Dean’s heavy, expectant gaze - a gaze that was becoming more and more anxious the longer Cas didn’t respond. So Cas did what he could: he reached out a hand and hauled himself closer to Dean by the lapel of that damned coat.  Under his fingers the fabric was thick, scratchy, and wet with snow, but still Cas held on.
Eventually Dean learned to simply brew Cas a cup of chamomile tea and wait him out, and sooner or later Cas would shake himself out of his stupor and reach for the tea, inhaling the fragrance deeply before casting a grateful look at Dean.
Director Shurley put the flowers next to her computer and surveyed it.  “I have no doubt,” she said, almost absentmindedly.  Then she looked up at Cas and smiled.  “Thank you for the delivery.”
There was another, much longer, pause.  “If there is another secret,” Sam said slowly, “He’ll tell you when he’s ready.”
Cas left the bathroom and closed the door behind him without answering. He spent the next five minutes with his hands covering his face.
Cas couldn’t quite hear Sam’s reply, but he could infer it by Dean’s next words.   “Yeah, you’re right, I’m really not.  Least I don’t have to listen to you snore now.  And Cas is better company anyhow.”
Cas steps forward and kisses Dean. It’s a proper one this time, one that involves Dean’s hands on Cas’s ribs and Cas’s hands in Dean’s hair. Cas feels like there’s a current of electricity running through him, up to his ears and down to his toes, running through Dean everywhere their skin touches. It’s only when Dean makes an eager noise low in his throat that Cas pulls away (not without an effort), making Dean scowl.
Cas returned with a glass of water that he watched Dean drink with a stern look. Later, as he lifted the covers on his side of the bed, he said, “I hope you’ve learned your lesson about drinking.”
“You think he wants to get back together with her?”  Mary knew Dean’s feelings toward the situation because they were exactly the same as hers.
“Here already?” he asked, wiping his hands on a dish towel.  “You need to stop using your phone while driving.”
“Depends what you mean by bad,” Cas replied.  “He’s helped us close a lot of cases.  But… you know he’s still a felon, right?”
It was one small consolation in a whole big mess of dumbassery, and the longer Dean drove, the more nauseous he felt, the tighter he gripped his steering wheel. The buildings and landmarks he drove past were all reminders of what he’d written - poems about Cas’s eyes and his hands, about his kindness and his devotion, about his tea and his socks, about the one time Cas had taught Dean the difference between paisley and floral patterns in the middle of the Macy’s home department. Poems about falling in love.
Dean was definitely up for it. In fact, as soon as Dean had closed Cas’s bedroom door two hours before, as soon as a shirtless Cas had pulled him in for the first of a series of frenetic kisses, Dean had been up for anything that Cas wanted. He said as much to Cas over lunch, expecting Cas to double down and say something to spark Dean’s libido again, but Cas just looked down at his plate and smiled, pleased.
Cas had to sit with it for a few moments, but Dean’s meaning finally sunk in. “You want me around,” he translated, watching Dean’s face for confirmation.
at the sight of those forearms.) It was only when they stepped back to look at the tree that they realized the issue.
Next to the kitchen where Dean would cook his specialty pies and burgers and soup and whatever else he wanted to make.
Pretending nothing had changed, however, was impossible when Cas was looking at Dean like he was expecting Dean to refuse his invitation.
“No,” Cas said, more loudly than he intended, “I - “ He took a deep breath. “It’s fine.” He took a sip of water, and it helped the dryness of his throat. “It’s fine,” he reiterated, because it really was. It was a joke, and a good one, with maybe a little more innuendo than Cas was expecting, but the only reason Cas had flinched was because maybe, for once, he didn’t want it to be a joke.
“You’re crazy,” Cas simply replied.  He was trying to shake off the shock, but the portion of scotch whiskey he’d had was making it difficult.
He clambered out of the car before Cas could reply.  He only knew Cas followed when he heard the passenger door shut behind him.
After pancakes (and many deep, meditative breaths from Dean), they began putting the ornaments on the tree, but Cas kept yawning behind a hand. Eventually Dean slid the box of decorations closer to himself and pointed a thumb at the couch. “Go take a nap, Sleeping Beauty.”
“What?” Dean said, with considerably more emotion than Cas.  “Since when?  Okay.  Okay, I’ll be right there.”  He ended the call.  “I’m so sorry, you guys - I gotta go help Sammy.  Willow’s gotten out of the house and they can’t find her.”
Dean took the paper towel and mopped at his eyes. “Says the guy who sobbed his way through half of the last finale.”
“Don’t remind me,” Dean groaned.  “Dumb idea.  If Aaron wanted to spend time with Charlie, he should just
“Oh.”  Cas busied himself with adding some more milk to his coffee, struggling a little bit with the minor show of affection.  Bobby as FBI director had been considerate and fair, but no one could ever have accused him of being
“It helps that you aren’t terribly unattractive,” Cas adds, and even with egg hanging from the corner of his mouth, he’s able to pull off the shit-eating grin quite well.
Red bloomed high on Cas’s cheeks.  “I love you,” he said again, seemingly out of nowhere.  He sniffed, then laughed a little at himself.  “Sorry.”
Cas started fostering Jack a year later, and it was apparent very early on to Dean that fatherhood was Cas’s calling. Yes, he was always tired, and yes, he didn’t have nearly as much time for Dean as he did before, but Jack was thriving and Cas was happy - and because of that, Dean was happy, even if it meant losing Cas’s attention to fatherhood.
Dean puts his elbows on his knees and runs his hands through his hair, trying to breathe, trying to convince himself that the situation is not irredeemable.  Cas is not an irrational, unreasonable person.  If Dean could just explain to him -
Cas rolled his eyes, but his cheeks were pink.  “I really did believe you were breaking Charlie’s heart, and I was astounded that you hadn’t realized - but… yes, I also left because I couldn’t stand not being with you.”
By the time evening rolled around, and the TV was running Christmas specials in the background and Cas was on his couch staring at the ceiling thinking about Dean, he was more tipsy than he’d been in years.
“They’re having issues with the generator.” A beep, then a short pause. “Seems like my phone’s going to die at any moment, too.”
Dean rolled his eyes.  “I won’t be here to wish you a Merry Christmas, so just take it, dude.  You been counting the minutes down to everyone?”
Cas’s gaze never left Dean’s. “I understand that the speaker of the poem isn’t necessarily the author of a poem,” he said slowly. “But I need to know, in this case…” He trailed off.
“In three weeks.”  Dean gestures toward the TV.  “This isn’t going to be over in three weeks.”  He walks to the couch in front of the TV and sinks down into it.  “How the hell am I going to find a new place in
It’s not like Charlie hadn’t already done pretty well for herself.  She had a steady job in IT, a pretty active social life, a
Cas dug around in Dean’s drawers for fresh clothes. “Are you going to shower, or do you enjoy the stench of vomit and sweat?”
Cas had his hands at his sides.  They were in loose fists, but at Dean’s words they clenched a little tighter.  “Charlie was in tears, Dean.  She left.”
Cas sighed heavily as he pushed himself away from the table. “I blame you, you know,” he said, maneuvering around Dean to take a peek in the fridge. “I’ve lowered my standards of storytelling since meeting you.”
“Taking a detour,” Dean said. “Chillax, kid.” He was holding Cas’s hand as he drove. It was a privilege Cas still hadn’t gotten used to.
By the time Dean parked the Impala, he’d been gone for 90 minutes. He wasted five more minutes staring at his apartment window from his car, and another five wasting away in front of his own door, terrified by what he might find (or not find) in his apartment.  Only when another door down the hall opened did Dean insert his key and turn the doorknob, holding his breath all the while.
“Whatever, man,” Dean said, pulling a beer out of his fridge.  Now that his Sunday was free, he was going to spend it on his couch with a beer balanced on his stomach.  “At least it worked.”
“She had to leave,” Cas said quickly, almost like he’d been waiting to defend her, or almost like he’d been repeating it himself the whole night.  “She didn’t mean to.”
“It wasn’t a question,” Cas says.  The fingers of both hands tap along the sides of his mug as he watches Dean.
If it had just been Cas’s blue eyes or thick thighs that Dean had to contend with, he would have been fine. But seemingly overnight, it became everything else, too. It was Cas’s voice, his sigh, his smile, the way he never let Dean have his way, but always let Dean have the remote. It was the way he’d memorized Dean’s schedule so that he could leave him a meal in the oven, and the way that he didn’t mind doing the groceries, and the way that he wished Dean a good day - like he really meant it, like if he could, he would give Dean a good day every single day for the rest of Dean’s life.
“I - do you not consider yourself part of my future?” Cas wondered how a conversation could feel like a breakup when there was no relationship involved to break up.
His bottle threatened to slip out of his grip, but he caught it just in time and placed it on the counter.
Cas has just watched Dean move through the apartment like it was his own, and it makes Cas desperate to be understood. “You’ve been here for two months already. Your clothes keep getting mixed up with mine, and you’ve taken over the fridge. We haven’t killed each other. You might as well just stay.”
Cas lifted the covers and let Dean fall into the mattress by himself. “In the bed,” Cas answered with relief, mopping at his forehead. “Finally.”
Dean stared at the back of Cas’s head, stunned. Meanwhile, Cas stared at Dean’s kettle, stubbornly waiting for the water to boil.
Dean was rinsing Cas’s plate. It took a few seconds. When he was finished, he turned around and wiped his hands on a towel, watching the movement of his own hands intently. His eyebrows were furrowed. “You wouldn’t interrupt anything,” he said eventually, then met Cas’s gaze. His eyes were determined. “So come over whenever.”
Dean was guzzling water, leaning against the counter. He wiped his mouth and gave Cas a once-over. “You kidding? Ladies love the broody and mysterious schtick. I’d be here every day if I got to see you.”
Charlie was rocking Willow in her arms while chatting with Sam, probably something to do with rescue dogs.
Dream Cas blushes like Dean hoped he would.  “Flatterer,” Cas mumbles.  “What do you want this time?”
Dean batted the hand away, his lip curling. “You’re going to hold this against me for years, aren’t you?”
Cas touched his thumb to Dean’s bottom lip and dragged it down, a habit that he’d already formed in the short time they’d been together.  “I was scared of who I thought you were becoming.  Thoughtless.  Selfish.  I thought I’d encouraged you to be that way.”
The hands at Dean’s elbows tightened again. “Tell me,” Cas said, his eyes growing worried. He stepped closer, studying Dean’s face.
“At least it’s furnished,” Cas comments.  The furniture is mismatched and a little beaten, but it will do.
Bobby’s answer took a second longer than it should have.  “I’m not.  I know what you’re trying to do, is all.”
“What’d I miss?” he said, mostly because one of those who’d gone missing was Cas.  The other was Charlie.
The answer was not a straightforward one, mostly because Dean was lying out of his ass. He took a sip of water to stall. “Well,” he said, wiping his mouth with his napkin. “I… work in sci-fi, mostly.”
Cas was at home when he received the message, trying to relax after a long week. He’d had trouble adjusting to his previous 9-to-5 routine and had been looking forward to a good night’s sleep, though one he expected would be plagued, as per usual, with dreams of Dean.
Cas put his hand on the table, palm up. There was affection written in every inch of his expression. “Let’s finish the tree today, then go from there.”
“Didn’t I tell you to sit down?” Cas asked, mostly because it was too much to see Dean moving around Cas’s kitchen like he belonged there.
There was a long silence on the end of the line.  Then, “Okay.  It would have been nice to hear from him himself, but I understand.”
Dean dropped his forehead onto Cas’s shoulder. His doubts were obviously still weighing on him, because after a few breaths, he said, “You shouldn’t have waited for me, Cas.”
Despite their activities, Dean’s hands are still cold.  They make Cas shiver.  “Wait,” he says, before he completely loses his train of thought.
They smiled at each other for a beat, two beats, three beats too long - then Cas had to tear his gaze away before he gave himself away. He put his fingers on his keyboard even though his monitor had gone to sleep.
As he asked himself these questions, the answer to all of them settled softly in Dean’s consciousness, as softly as the hand that Daphne stroked over Cas’s back, as softly as the skirt that Daphne let sweep over Mary’s couch.  He put a hand over his eyes and laughed.
Cas looked at his outfit. He’d taken off his tie and untucked his shirt. It was creased to kingdom come, and there was a coffee stain on his torso. “What,” he said, “Tired? Overworked?”
“But uh, we reconnected recently,” Dean continued, extending an encouraging smile at Charlie and hoping that was the end of the questioning.  “And I wanted you guys to meet.”
“Yeah, sounds great,” Aaron said, sounding much more enthusiastic than Dean had been expecting.  “Any friend of yours is a friend of mine.  You’ll be introducing us?  Where do you want me to meet you?”
“Like the shit they do on the daily, y’know? If they can con their parents into letting them have candy for breakfast. Or sneaking down at midnight to have some ice cream. Or building a pillow fort. Or stickers. Or farts.”
He stole away for a few minutes into his bathroom.  He splashed his face with water just to wake himself up, to try to prove to himself that this wasn’t a dream, that Dean had
Dean closes his eyes because he can feel his cheeks burning under Cas’s gaze.  “‘Not terribly unattractive,’” he repeats.  “Wow, I’m flattered.”  And he really is, even if Cas would never say this sort of thing in real life - sarcastic or not.
Dean could feel his smile grow a little brittle, but he cleared his throat and thought back.  “Uh - 15, 16 years?  I was a senior in high school, finally moved back in with my mom and found a high school that would accept my credits.  Cas was one of the few people who wanted to talk to me.”
The floor underneath Dean’s bare feet is cold when he gets out of bed, but as he nears the kitchen, warmth envelops him.
“You could have it too,” Cas pointed out, though it hurt to say - and it was true. Dean had come close to the picket-fence ideal a few times in their ten-year-long friendship, but Dean had never quite allowed his relationships to progress far enough for down payments on a mortgage. “You have the money, and it’s not as if there’s a shortage of people willing to date you.”
It’s hurtfully easy to live with Dean, but every time Cas wakes up looking forward to spending his day within Dean’s orbit, he walks into the living room and catches sight of the boxes under the coffee table and remembers why Dean’s there, why Cas is there, and why the streets outside are empty.  Their days are simple and easy, yes, but there’s always an undercurrent of anxiety that Cas can’t seem to shake.
“We have plans,” Cas said, though Dean hadn’t been aware of any.  “We just wanted to stop by and tell you guys something.”
“Because your food order was called.  You didn’t do a thing.”  He tugged down the hand that Dean was raising to get the attention of a waiter.
Cas is subbed at 87 minutes for his last ovation from the home crowd.  They adore him as he adores them, and Dean knows this last walk off the field has got to be an emotionally harrowing moment for Cas.
It was a lukewarm response at best, but Dean had caught sight of the guy’s startlingly blue eyes again and found himself desperate to keep talking.
“Two hours,” Dean corrected.  He leaned in, closer than ever.  “And thank you for that, by the way.”
The Impala was parked by the curb outside, covered in the lightest layer of fine snow. Dean cooed at the car as they approached, reaching out to her roof and apologizing for leaving her out in the cold.
“Just sit down and try to stay awake,” Cas ordered, rolling his eyes at Dean’s pout.  He went to the kitchen and began a brew, but halfway through the process he looked over at Dean to see that his guest had lost the battle to sleep, despite still sitting up.  Cas shook his head in affection and set the coffee to keep warm.
“Do you ever wear anything other than merch?” Dean asked, trying not to sound like a douche but still failing.
“I’ll grab some water,” Cas said, eager to escape the room. He flung the covers away from him and left the room, unable to shake the feeling that Dean was watching as he went.
and now here Dean was doing it again, like Cas was nothing more than a punching bag to turn into tatters.
Dean stood up and took Cas’s plate. “If you think I mind having you around, you haven’t been paying attention.” He was turning away, but Cas saw the flush creeping up his cheeks.
He rode the elevator one floor up.  The door’s slid open to a dim hallway.  There was some light, however, emanating from underneath the door to the director’s office.  Someone was in there, and that someone hadn’t bothered to turn on any other lights on the floor.  Cas drew his gun.
“You handed me an unpublished manuscript supposedly written by Dean Campbell but dedicated to me. It’s full of poetry. That’s all I know for sure. So to answer your question, no, it’s not ‘pretty obvious.’”
Cas had been trying to hide his left hand in his pocket, but Claire just glared at him and waited. She really was Jody’s kid, he thought. Sighing, he pulled his hand out of his pocket to show off a matching ring.
Dean knew Sam was right, knew that for Jack’s sake, his two de facto parents needed to be on the same page about what they were to each other - but there was never a good time to bring it up. Was Dean supposed to just spill his heart out onto the dining room table with Jack’s sliced fruit? He contemplated asking Sam for advice, but 1) Dean did not want nor would he accept any pity from his little brother and 2) Sam was busy getting ready for his wedding.
Luckily he didn’t mention it. “Well, text me when you have time then. But I expect a lot of emojis to make up for it.” He jerked a thumb toward the direction of Sam’s office. “Sasquatch is coming, so I’m headed out. I’ll see you around.”
Cas nudged Dean’s knee with his own.  There was something in his throat that was making words difficult.  Softly, he managed to say, “Not if your bravery is rewarded.”
Dean couldn’t stop smiling, and now his hands were around Cas’s jaw, his thumbs on Cas’s cheeks.  “You’re crying.”
“The world won’t end if you don’t have croissants on your first day,” Cas said, joining Dean at the counter. The shortbread dough had already been rolled out to the perfect thickness. Cas had watched Dean do it while the lemon bars were baking.
Dean had indeed been trying to sneak into his bedroom without being seen, but he wasn’t going to admit that. “It’s probably because you’re the weirdo who wears Santa hats when there’s no one around to see him.”
Cas dragged a thumb across Dean’s bottom lip, satisfied when he saw the slight mark he’d made with his teeth.  “The question is
Dean looked up from the step, brows furrowing.  Fred from across the street waved at him.  Dean lifted a hand automatically, but his head was elsewhere.  “About Cas,” he repeated.  “What about him?”  He would feel his ears getting hot in anger toward Daphne, even though he knew he shouldn’t jump to conclusions.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said, sounding sincerely, profoundly sorry.  He put his mug down and dragged his hands down his face.  “I just - I can’t pretend like nothing’s changed, Dean.”
“Cas, if she hasn’t brought it up - just, don’t take this the wrong way, alright?  I just don’t want you to get your hopes up.  She - she hurt you badly, man.”
Dean didn’t even bother arguing with the “idiocy” part because honestly, that part was true.  “Aaron thought we were dating.  Him and me.  Dating.  How big of an idiot does that make me, Cas?”
I. 	Castiel Novak had always imagined Dean coming back into his life in handcuffs and weighed down by multiple life sentences.  In Cas’s imagination, Dean, scarred by the crimes he’d committed against the country, would walk past Cas into the holding cell reserved for D. Winchester.  And despite their past, Cas had been confident he could have stomached that.
“I don’t understand it,” he said one day, putting his phone face down on Dean’s dining table, and looking at Dean, distraught. “It’s a horrible show. The writing is poor, characterization inconsistent - but I can’t stop browsing through Twitter for news.”
They stared each other down for a few seconds.  Dean looked away first: down, for the barest of seconds, then turned his head away to the break room.  He took his boots off of Cas’s desk and walked away.
Once he walked in, she immediately took the beer from his hands, put it on the counter, then threw herself at his middle, squeezing until he felt himself wheeze.
There was a long pause.  Dean, having lain awake for two hours trying to figure out what the fuck he was going to do, was sitting up in bed with the covers pulled up to his waist.  He imagined Cas was doing the same, maybe in those stupid bee pajamas Dean had bought him as a joke.  “Will my being with Daphne be a problem, Dean?” Cas finally asked.  It was said so quietly that Dean barely made it out.
Cas almost burned the eggs.  He cursed and turned off the burner, scooping the eggs out onto a plate afterward.  When he lifted his eyes to Dean, Dean was still staring, obviously waiting for permission.
Cas took Dean’s hand, fond. In his other hand, his phone buzzed twice. Two messages from Claire lit up his screen. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Dean checking his phone as well.
Dean turned.  To his side was Bobby: scruffy and surly and donning his usual baseball cap.  “Bobby, hey,” Dean said, leaning in for a hug.  “Sorry.  Things have been busy; I’m a little distracted.”
Cas looked down too, admiring the shine of the dress shoes.  When he looked up, Dean was watching him with a furrow between his brows.  Cas grabbed his coat from the closet.  “On a date,” he said finally.
Dean still had his hand on the doorknob. He didn’t move. “Wow,” he said eventually, turning to look at Cas.
Cas was stepping back to let him into the apartment. “That’s fine,” Cas said, not missing a beat. He closed the door when Dean entered, then waved a hand at the undecorated living space. “I’m obviously not really big on tradition.”
Dean was still smiling, but it was fake and fading. His throat bobbed. “You’ll need that room one day.”
But then the bedroom door opened and Dean shuffled into the kitchen, squinting against the late morning sunlight, and Cas had to swallow down the yearning all over again.
Despite himself Cas was irritated.  “I wouldn’t have to repeat myself if you’d actually remember your position in this bureau.”
Sam didn’t answer.  His shoulders started shaking.  Dean looked at Cas, helpless.  Eileen just looked gleeful.
“Hello,” she answered.  She sounded happy to hear from him.  Dean settled on the couch cushions without removing his shoes and closed his eyes, content just to hear a friend’s voice.
“You’re avoiding me,” Cas accused one evening, accosting Dean at the apartment door. It was December by then, and he was wearing a Santa hat.
“If you’re holding me back, it’s only because you won’t come with me.” It was the truth, or as close to the truth as Cas could get.
Cas’s lashes were studded with moisture - sweat or tears, Dean couldn’t tell - but his eyes were dark.  Dark and wild.  He leaned in and spoke the next words against Dean’s mouth: “If by ‘sometime,’ you mean
Cas snorted.  “I don’t know how that tradition will work out when we’re 70.  Maybe we can come up with a few back-up plans.”
Dean, driving. Cas handing him a disposable face mask before they get out of the car. Worried frowns hidden behind cotton and elastic. Without speaking, they quickly understand their roles: Dean handles the cart and Cas handles the groceries. They watch each other - what they touch and what they don’t. Cas watches as Dean weaves through the shoppers, his mouth a thin line every time someone gets too close to him.
Dean took a moment before he answered, jarred by the strangeness of Cas’s offer.  Cas had never asked before - he’d expected Dean to make his own.  “Uh, yeah,” Dean said.  “Thanks.”  He was being treated like a guest, and it only hurt because once upon a time, he’d been treated like family.
Cas opened his bedroom door and nudged it open with his foot. “Got it. Let’s get the other dumbass in the bed now.”
Dean hangs his head.  He turns off the tap and braces his hands against the cold metal edges of the sink.  He says the only thing that can be said, the only thing that might come the closest to an explanation, even though it feels dreadfully inadequate: “I thought I was dreaming.”
“Of course - so the speaker has a choice,” Cas recalled. “But I think if I had a choice in that situation, you’d tell me to evacuate.”
Eventually Dean decided to go the safe route.  The night before their family picnic, he sent a text to his best friend:
Mary looked between them.  “What is it?” she asked, starting to get a little frantic.  “Sam?  Eileen?  Bobby?”  Her hands rose and fell, unsure what to do.  She pressed one to her lips.
“Are you enjoying yourself?” Gilda asked, and she finally turned that smile on someone else.  Dean massaged his jaw discreetly.
The waiter came by with another round of champagne.  Dean took a long draft of champagne.  “See?” he said, placing the empty flute in front of him.  “I love champagne.”
“Neither do I,” Dean said cheerfully.  He took the dog from Eileen.  It was laughably light.  “Let’s go, Willow.”
He couldn’t do it.  He wouldn’t do it.  He’d told Cas he’d try to be okay with him and Daphne, and if Dean couldn’t keep it together after one inconclusive comment from his own mom, he didn’t deserve to be called Cas’s best friend.
When he was finished, Sam took a long, slow breath.  “First,” he began, “You’re an asshole.  Second, you really call yourself Cas’s best friend?”
Cas was breathing very slowly through his nose.  Dean could hear the breaths he was taking: measured, deep.  “I’m saying,” Cas said, more quietly than before, “I’m saying that I think Charlie has feelings for you.”
Mary shrugged and leaned back in the armchair.  “Can’t blame a mom for wishing,” she sighed.  Then she looked at Dean, then at Cas.  “So.  What trouble have you guys gotten in that you don’t even call ahead?”
Cas looked around as he ate. The apartment hadn’t been decorated much for Christmas, but Dean had put out a cookie jar that looked like Santa on the kitchen counter. Cas wondered how much heckling it would take to get Dean to make a stop at a hardware store for some lights and a proper tree.
“I’m the speaker,” Dean confirmed. He forced himself to relax the tense fists on his knees, but the tension just migrated to his jaw, his throat, his back. He was a tangle of knots, and the longer Cas stared at him the tighter the knots became.
Cas’s smile was wide. He stepped away and drained his whiskey. Dean watched the long line of Cas’s neck in helpless attraction, fingers curling into his palm. Cas raised his eyebrows. “Haven’t given you your present yet.” He took Dean’s hand and led him back into the apartment. It smelled like apple pie, but Cas led him past the kitchen.
“Are you and Sam doing something for Christmas?” he asked, trying to sound nonchalant as he looked out the passenger side window.
“You’re lucky it’s too cold to be irritated,” Dean grumbled, even as he stepped in a little closer.  His elbow brushed Cas’s as he dialed Sam.
Dean’s jaw clenched, but he sat down.  “I’m being stupid,” he said, looking at his hands, open in front of him.
“Took a leaf out of Cas’s book and cashed in on my vacation days,” Jody said. She held up her bear claw, half-eaten. “Thanks for the freebie, boys. We’ll catch up later. You, behave.” The last word she directed to Claire, who’d taken up a station at the register. She left then, leaving Dean and Cas with her charge.
The restlessness that had been simmering underneath Dean’s skin for the whole evening gave way to disbelief. There was no way -
There’s a long pause.  Cas lifts his eyes to watch Dean’s expression, but it doesn’t waver.  The only sign of nerves is in the way his throat moves.  Cas acknowledges the word with a small smile and a lingering kiss to the center of Dean’s chest.  Later, he’ll murmur the word over and over and over into Dean’s hair, his hands on Dean’s ass, encouraging him, and Dean will swell and break with it.
Cas’s terror had died away with the first touch of Dean’s lips. Now it was just relief and unfettered joy dancing in his chest, a bird seizing its first chance to fly. Every detail of the moment he tried to memorize: the slight scratch of Dean’s stubble on his palm, the cotton under his other hand that stretched every time he clenched his fingers, the heat of Dean’s kisses, the cold of Dean’s nose, the force of Dean’s breath.
It was obvious by the flush of Dean’s face that he was having trouble. He kept having to pause and restart whenever he spoke. “Far be it from me to—I mean, I know what you said, but—I didn’t actually expect you to—”
In a little bit, Dean knows, Cas will pour out two mugs of coffee and sit at the table with his phone out and wait for Dean to join him.  They’ll sip at their coffee and wonder aloud who’s going to make breakfast until finally Dean will cave and make an omelette or something.  It’s always been that way.
Since then the shirt had become stretched and worn, but every time Cas saw it he was reminded that despite Dean’s occasional prickliness, he cared for Cas. Cas wished he could remember which one of Dean’s favorite bands it was but in the darkness of the room, the quiet contentment that still warmed Cas’s bones, he couldn’t remember.
The plates had been on sale, and knowing he would have Dean as company on Christmas Eve, Cas hadn’t been able to resist.  “Yes.”
“Can’t say I envy you.” Cas slid some bacon and two eggs - sunny side up - in front of Dean. A glass of water and a bottle of painkillers followed. “Toast coming up.”
Dean ran a thumb over Cas’s bottom lip, drawn to the warmth of the breath leaving Cas’s lungs.  “I have never been more sure of anything else, Cas.”  Then he swallowed and said, “I love you too, you know.”  He’d never said it to anyone before, had never felt the inclination, but he knew the truth of it.  “I’m sure of that too.”
The coffee that Cas slides in front of him is perfect.  So too is Cas, who sits across from Dean and pulls out his phone.  He’s probably checking his email, Dean thinks, a thought that he stifles almost immediately, because no - the Cas sitting in front of him is Dream Cas and dreams don’t have emails.  They sit there and tap away because that’s what the dreamers want them to do.
Dean had avoided looking toward Cas, but he couldn’t avoid it any longer.  When he looked over, Daphne had a pair of tongs too and was standing with Cas at the grill.  She had a hand on his back.  As Dean watched, the hand moved up and down, up and down.  And Cas didn’t move away.
“Jesus,” Dean whispered, his head tilting back to hit the headboard because the alternative was to stare straight ahead, right at the glimpse of collarbones that Dean wanted so badly to drag his teeth over.  “Warn a guy.”
Cas ducked his head. Dean’s eyes landed on the manuscript laying open in front of Cas, flipped to a page somewhere in the middle, reiterating the horrible truth that Cas had read at least some of Dean’s poetry, and making Dean want to abandon his apartment altogether for a life in the remote hills of Scotland where he’d never have to speak to another human being ever again.
The next time Cas saw Dean was Tuesday, and the next time after that was Wednesday. By the time Friday rolled around and Cas found Dean leaning against his door frame again at noon, Cas had begun to expect him.
Dean touched Cas’s face. “I know you better than I know anyone else, Cas. My family loves you like their own. You have all my passwords; I haven’t been cleaned out yet, so I assume you’re not gonna rob me. Also you saw me hurl three times last night and you still wanted to make out.”
Cas’s face fell for the barest moment but Cas hid his disappointment quickly. He shook his head. “I don’t need pity, Dean - Just say you don’t - “
Cas leaned back in his chair - expensive, definitely worth it, and made him look way smoother than he felt - and twirled his pen between his fingers. He felt a restlessness working his way into his veins. “I work here. I don’t know what else you’d expect.” He was flirting - or at least trying -  and he knew it, but he couldn’t help it when Dean was grinning at him like that.
Cas smiled.  He still kept his eyes closed.  Not for the first time, Dean marveled at Cas’s profile.  His best friend was an attractive man, and Dean suspected that even if he were straight, he’d still have trouble keeping his eyes off of Cas.  He was magnetic.
One of the ornaments fell from its branch, and the moment ended. Cas tore his gaze away to pick up the ornament. He stared at it for a few seconds in his hand then silently put it back.
Eileen rolled her eyes.  “I guess you can come in,” she said, sighing heavily.  Then she smiled.  “If I get a hug.”
Dean was shaking him awake by the time they arrived at Cas’s apartment building. “My singing put you to sleep or what?” Dean joked. The engine was idling, and the street light that always kept Cas up at night flickered.
He wonders if he’ll remember this when he wakes up, or if Cas’s words will slip out of his grasp like satin spilling onto the floor.  He hopes he can at least remember this feeling - overwhelming gratitude, overwhelming love and pride and protectiveness.
“You’re just projecting,” Cas said, still tap-tapping away on his laptop.  Cas was a semi-successful sci-fi novelist.  He didn’t quite make enough to pay the bills, and he spent a considerable amount of effort budgeting, but he’d inherited just enough from his parents to survive.  Still, Dean was not above dropping by with a bag full of takeout - just to make sure Cas was eating.  The Mexican food from earlier was sitting uncomfortably in his stomach.
“I would have done anything for you,” Cas continued.  If he heard what Dean had to say, he would never be able to move past it.  Dean had always been the stop sign in the road, the one to pull Cas back and make him
But then Aaron fidgeted in the front seat instead of reaching for the car door.  “Listen, Dean,” he said.  “I gotta say something.”
“I thought I might have been bothering you,” Cas said honestly.  Now that he knew that wasn’t the case, he didn’t bother hiding it.
Dean could hear the barest strains of Christmas music playing somewhere below them. “Finally feels like Christmas,” he said.
Dean ran a hand over his chin, then cleared his throat. “Good for you, man. I think you’d be a good dad.”
Cas couldn’t quite wrap his head around the fact that he’d kissed Dean and it had made Dean happy.  The concept that Dean returned his feelings was so immense it didn’t seem real.  “Then I think I’m hallucinating as well,” is all he had to say, very unhelpfully.
I mean, it’s not my business but he said the date went well? I guess I just want to know why my big brother’s been listening to Celine Dion unironically on Spotify.”
Cas thought. But he didn’t want to say that, mostly because he didn’t even know where it came from. Instead he said,
Cas led Daphne and her friend to Sam first, probably guessing (correctly) that Dean needed a little time to calm down before greeting his ex.  Mary joined him.
Dean wanted Cas, and it was a wanting that had dug itself so deep into his subconsciousness it had become a part of him: an ache that had developed so slowly over the years that even as it worsened, he was learning how to nurse it so that he could pretend it didn’t exist.  He was sure that occasionally he’d felt it over the years - in the cold, mostly, acting up when he was at his lowest - but for the most part he’d been able to tuck it away.
Charlie’s smile soured a little, but she shrugged.  “It’s comfortable, and it gives something for people to talk to me about.”
“You’re right,” Cas agreed. He raised an eyebrow at his husband. “But we have an order of cupcakes for that baby shower tomorrow.”
He drew back after the first few seconds, smiling despite Dean’s shock. “Yes, you,” he confirmed. His hands went to Dean’s tie. His voice was thick when he spoke again. “So no, in case it isn’t obvious, I do not want you to ‘fuck off.’”
Dean lifted a hand in goodbye as Cas got out of the car, and he waited until Cas was in the building to leave. It was sweet and entirely too wholesome and entirely too much, and Cas knew immediately he was in trouble.
Dean grabbed a fork, but paused when he looked at the food. His mouth twisted. “Cas, I don’t mean to be a dick, but - looking at this much food makes me want to hurl again.” He poked at the bacon and turned a little pale.
“We’ll be back after New Year’s.  Don’t know when exactly.  You - you can still join us, you know.  Grab a one-way ticket, hitch a ride back with me and Sam.”
Dean sat with that realization for a long time, unmoving on the couch, his phone held loosely in his hand. He imagined Cas - sitting in his little cubicle, phone held up to his ear, squinting against the light of his computer monitor because he still didn’t know how to turn down the brightness - and then he imagined Cas at Dean’s apartment door, in his kitchen, on his couch, eating his food, smiling at Dean.
Cas huffed a laugh into Dean’s neck.  He’d been waiting for this day for years, and would have waited even longer if Dean had needed more time.  He wasn’t letting Dean go if he could help it.  “I’m going to keep you for as long as you’ll let me.”
Cas didn’t know what came over him; he reached out and tugged Dean’s arm away so that he could see Dean’s face.  Dean’s eyebrows flew up in surprise.  Cas told him, very clearly, “She was about to shoot you, if you recall.”
He knocked on her door barely 20 minutes after she messaged him.  She answered with a smile.  She was wearing another T-shirt bearing another obscure reference, and her orange and green plaid pajama bottoms clashed horribly with her hair.
Dean hangs his head.  He understands.  He’s still pissed, still frustrated, but he makes up his mind.  He slams his locker to get everyone’s attention.  “Just figured you all would want to know,” he says loudly, a little angrily, “I’m asking Cas to marry me tonight.”
Cas stood up.  “I should be going.  Daphne’s going to drop me… somewhere.  I’m not sure yet.  But I’ll let you know when I’m there.”  He said the last bit to Mary, not to Dean.  He hugged Mary.  “I’ll see you soon.”
Dean stared at him for another long moment, then he nodded, looking away, resolute. “Yeah,” he muttered to himself. “Yeah, okay.” Then he looked at Cas again, determination in the set of his mouth. “Cas, can I kiss you?”
implied that he had a problem and that to solve it he needed to get laid, like sex is the only solution to his problems.  The world already glorifies sex, which is something he can’t relate to - ”
“Bye, Sam,” interrupted Cas. He ended the call, then gave Dean the firmest look he could manage, though he knew it was softened by affection. “Dean, you need to sleep.”
Cas’s arms wrapped tight around Dean, his chin hooked over Dean’s shoulder. There was a telltale sniff at his ear, so Dean just held on tighter to his best friend.
Cas’s stomach sinks.  He thinks of his next words carefully as he turns on the tap and fills his glass.  “How’s it going?”
A beat. Another. Dean’s brow was furrowed, his eyes unfathomable. Then, as if startled from a dream, Dean was suddenly straightening in his chair, shaking his head of the cobwebs, taking a deep audible breath. He reached out a hand; it landed on Cas’s forearm. His thumb skimmed the tender skin around Cas’s pulse point.
Dean cleared his throat.  “I - uh, I asked Bobby to do it.  I don’t know if I could handle that on top of this one.”
“Sounds great,” Dean said, this time only moderately distracted by Cas’s eyes in the sunlight. “I’ll message you.”
Dean batted away his response with a hand that went quickly back into the pocket of his coat. “Listen. I knew I was sick. I should have stayed home. But I didn’t.” He looked Cas straight in the eye for the first time since they’d left the warmth of Cas’s house. “Because I had a plan.” His throat bobbed.
When he got there, Cas was standing near the far side of the bed, his hands at the hem of his shirt. As Dean watched, Cas made eye contact. It was deliberate. He took off his shirt achingly slowly, making sure Dean’s gaze never left his body.
Cas remembered everything he’d said to Dean over the past year, every cruel accusation he’d hurled at a man who’d only been trying to protect the people he loved and had sacrificed so much of his life to do it.  He lifted Dean’s hand and pressed it to his lips.  He waited until Dean opened his eyes and looked at him.  “I’m so sorry, Dean,” he said.
There was a manuscript of love poems lying open on the table, so Dean figured it was pretty obvious - but he said it anyway, because Cas had only ever wanted the truth, and this was the biggest truth of them all: “I love you.”
Cas laughed; it sounded a little manic even to his own ears.  “Go ahead,” he said.  “Join me on the couch when you’re through.”
Dean took a deep breath and did it before he lost his nerve - dipped his hand into Cas’s boxers and grasped the warm length of Cas’s dick, pulling it out and swallowing at the sight of it, thick and flushed and beautiful, swelling against the pull of Dean’s palm.
Their eyes connect in the mirror.  Dean’s grin falls a little, replaced by something soft and surprised and thoughtful.  He’s silent through the rest of the haircut, and Cas lets his eyelids fall shut with every pass of Dean’s hand through his hair.
Dean hitched on a smile when the door opened, only to see Sam behind it, already giving him the puppy dog eyes.
Cas was helpless. He was hopeless. He didn’t care. “Who else would remind you to eat your vegetables?”
“Don’t care,” Cas said breathlessly, his hands scratching lightly down Dean’s chest, making Dean grunt in surprise.
“I’m just letting you know that you don’t need to let me hold you back anymore. You bought a house, and I’m proud of you. You’re one step closer to that apple pie life.”
Cas arched an eyebrow at him, but the effect was lessened by the way his hands were struggling with the lights wrapped around him. “Going to unwrap me at midnight, Dean?”
needed and wanted Dean) so Dean had taken to spending his free time wandering the floor, chatting up the interns and drinking more than one felon’s share of coffee.  The agents had been briefed, of course, to be careful around Dean, and Castiel was confident enough in his colleagues not to worry about security, but still -
Cas let him have his moment of disbelief, mostly because he was busy having his own.  He’d scarcely allowed himself to dream of this, not even this simple thing, holding hands with Dean Winchester on his secondhand couch.  And now it was happening.  He squeezed Dean’s hand.
Cas nodded.  A silence descended.  Dean turned away to wipe his eyes, and Cas took that opportunity to take a deep, calming breath.  Eventually he found his voice again.  “Have you called Sam?”
He would have cringed if that line had been used on him, but the man merely nodded politely at Dean. “It is.”
“He’s fine,” Cas soothed, putting some bread in the toaster. “Eileen picked him up, and she messaged me when they got home.”
Cas started tugging on Dean’s apron strings to undo the knot. He leaned in close to Dean’s ear to say, “You realize my name doesn’t magically change when I say ‘I do,’” right?”
“You know, when I agreed to be your roommate, I didn’t realize I was signing up to be your handyman too.”
The way he said it made Cas’s breath come a little more quickly.  “I’m not sure I know what you mean,” he said slowly.
“You didn’t just lie by omission. You played along and perpetuated the lie. We talked about Campbell like he was a real person.”
“I don’t remember what I did to feel better before meeting you,” Cas admitted one day, halfway through his mug of tea. He was examining the label on the tea bag intently.
The more he thought about what he’d done, the more foolish he felt. All Cas had said was that he wanted to spend more time with Dean - it had been a simple, innocent request - but in response, Dean had felt the need to reveal the absurd truth: that he’d been writing poetry about Cas, and what’s more, that he’d been writing it under a different name - a famous name, a name that Cas had used to refer to a man whom he thought was a stranger. A man who was actually Dean.
The corner of Cas’s mouth lifted. “Both of you are right,” he said. “I should have clarified: What do you think of my feelings for you?”
It hit Dean all at once. Cas was his. Jack was his. Everything he’d ever wanted in this world was his. He kissed Cas properly this time.
Dean had learned that Cas just needed time in his own head sometimes - so he sat back and allowed Cas a moment of indulgence while Dean had his: leaning back in his chair and memorizing the angle of Cas’s jaw, the minute furrow of his brow.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said quickly.  “That wasn’t my intention.”  He closed his eyes.  “If it makes you feel any better, I think I’d miss you even if you were here.”
Dean’s eyes were wide, almost startled, despite receiving exactly what he asked for. Cas leaned even farther in, encouraging, waiting. It took Dean a second, but then he too was leaning in, his nose suddenly cold against Cas’s cheek, but his lips, when he finally pressed them to Cas’s, blissfully warm.
Cas doesn’t want to spend the whole ride to the party with red cheeks so he tries valiantly to ignore the way Dean’s looking at him.  “Thanks,” he says, just to get the conversation over and done with.
“Did I really just go straight home after a bad day?” Cas mused out loud. He wrapped his palms around the mug and stared into it. “I’m not sure I could ever go back to that.”
Cas suppressed the urge to roll his eyes. “Dean, it’s me. You gave me a key, remember? This isn’t a break-in”
How, he asked himself (and not for the first time), could he have let it get this far? He’d known there was no future between him and Dean, and yet he’d foolishly entertained the notion of a relationship. It had only taken a half-hour car ride for Cas to give in, and now Dean was likely getting ready for their date and Cas was staring at his palms trying to figure out how he was ever going to gather the nerve to disappoint Dean.
Dean closed his eyes and breathed through the pounding of his head and heart. Everything smelled like Cas now that Dean had scrubbed the night from his skin, and it was overwhelming to be there in the after, when Dean didn’t have a drunken excuse to be in Cas’s bed.
