"Well, while you and Iron Man were busy with Hyde, I-"
But... Hank was not only trying to rebuild his life; he seemed to actually be doing it, something she had thought impossible little over a year ago. And today... she still knew how to fight on a team with him, how to automatically dodge around where Hank's blows were going to be to get up close into a villain's face. It was how they had taken down Atlas, Jan providing the last-second distraction while Hank administered the knock-out punch.
The alarm system had made only a discrete chirp, which meant that it was merely notifying them of someone's approach, not informing them that something had smashed the front gate down. Nevertheless, Wanda gathered power in her left hand as she reached for the doorknob, preparing to form a hex sphere. You never knew when a giant robot or angry supervillain might attack.
Clint gave him a deliberately sloppy salute. "Right away, oh fearless leader."
"No, the one who gives all that money to the Avengers."
Steve straightened, and turned to face Tony, ready to offer a sincere if slightly grudging thanks, when a resounding
"Stop her!" Steve ordered, pointing one red-gloved finger at Harkness.
"Creepy evil government people made them do it." Clint waved a dismissive hand. Sure, he'd been pretty mad about the whole thing too, but it was over now, and the way he figured it, it wasn’t exactly surprising that the mad scientists followed their natural inclinations when left to be supervised by the kind of government official who thought that selling out to the Nazis was a good idea. "Seriously, where have you been for the last month? Creepy evil government people were behind the whole thing."
"With the right ammunition, you can shoot just about anything." And Tony knew from ammunition. As much from painful personal experience as from the fact that he used to make it.
"If this was anyone else's little toy, you'd be out already.  Doom likes to put vicious little booby traps in everything he designs; one mistake, and the energy field could collapse in on you and kill you.  Or electrocute me."  Hank's tone made it obvious he considered the first the worse outcome.  "Or it might explode.  I could just smash the base panel or short-circuit it, but that could trigger the same response.  You need Tony for this.  This kind of thing is what he lives for."
Taking it off and putting it away had been a relief. He knew that it wasn't the costume that had been responsible for his past mistakes, and his loss of control - it had been his own personality flaws, and his own screwed up brain chemistry - but wearing one again brought back too many memories. Good memories, which was why they were dangerous.
The gas main explosion three days ago had
"The sex pollen Loki used to make Hank and Tony... do whatever it is they did." To his embarrassment, Steve found himself unable to actually say it.
Silently cursing Thor, and himself for being stupid enough to go along with Thor's brilliant plan to begin with, Don tried to shove himself to his feet.
Rhodey, Tony felt, sounded entirely too gleeful about the whole thing. He was probably already planning to throw Tony a terribly humiliating bachelor party - if you could have one of those without alcohol. Luckily, tradition demanded that whatever party Clint and Sam threw for Steve would have to be separate, so at least their fun wouldn't be spoiled by Tony inability to drink. Or rather, inability to stop drinking. He was perfectly capable of picking up that first glass; he'd proven that over and over. "Steve's ass belongs to me now," he said, shoving those thoughts aside and grinning at Rhodey. "You had your shot at one of us, and you chose not to go for it."
"If you both are staying, I really ought to go back," Hank said. He had been lurking in the doorway, so quiet that Steve had almost forgotten he was there. "I... probably should anyway."
"You make it sound like such a chore," Steve said.
And, damnit, he'd thought he was over this, past holding everyone he was attracted to up to Steve like he was some kind of paragon. Just because he'd been Tony's best friend, just because he was as close to physically perfect as humanly possible, just because he'd been the one to come for Tony when he was at his worst, to try and get through to him...
It should have been strange, off-putting, to have him be at once so obviously Tony and so clearly
Clint held both hands up, cutting him off. "I don't really care what you want, okay?" he said, in tone of voice he used when he was trying to be commanding and act like he thought a team leader should. It sounded a lot like an imitation of Steve. "Hank's not a real doctor. And since you won't go to a hospital like a sane person, your other option is to have a doctor come here."
"Oh My God, you're pregnant?" she blurted out. Pregnant. Tony. The entire concept was ludicrous, not to mention deeply out of character - Tony had insisted on protection every time they had slept together, during Jan's brief and ill-advised fling with him last year, despite the fact that she'd been on birth control. Then again, there had been magic at work. Maybe Loki's spell had over-ridden his and Steve's good judgment. Or magically over-ridden any precautions they had taken.
His chest was starting to hurt, a sharp, familiar pain. "I'll take full responsibility for it if you want," he said, flinging his hands up angrily. "A little more blood on my hands is nothing next to saving the world." How would one even tell where the old stains left off and the new ones started, at this point?
Cap shook his head. "I've had good luck recently, until today." He reached out with the hand that wasn't holding onto the bed and took Tony's wrist.
Steve moved closer, taking hold of Tony's wrists, and gently pulling his hands down. "That's not what I want to talk about." He hesitated, then decided to be blunt. Subtle hints rarely succeeded in getting Tony to talk about whatever was bothering him. "Are you... all right? You looked-"
"I've been eating it straight out of the carton," Jan said, tilting the top of carton towards her.
This early into the pregnancy - he'd been a woman less than three months, so he couldn't be very far along - Tony's stomach was still flat. He didn't
Everything between then and now was one long blur, only a handful of moments standing out with sharp clarity.
Tony turned in his chair so that he was facing Steve, and let his gaze travel slowly up Steve's legs to his crotch, located conveniently at chest height. "I think I'll start with something else," he said, letting his appreciation for the view show in his voice. He reached out and set a hand on either side of Steve's waist, pulling him closer.
"I'll go downstairs and wait for Hank," Sam said. "Redwing's going to be outside the window," he told Cap. "Just knock on the glass if you need me."
"You could have ducked," Jan said, sounding more amused than sympathetic. "The two of you looked like the three stooges. And
Next year was an election year. Steve hoped devoutly that the remaining congressmen who had served on the Unregistered Superhuman Activities Committee – and not been booted out of office already for taking bribes from known terrorists – would not be re-elected.
If she was disappointed that he hadn't flinched at her sudden appearance, it didn't show.
"She's setting you up," Don mumbled, the words a little less slurred this time.
The central hallway of the Avengers' living quarters had once had a painting of the original five Avengers hanging in it, but it had disappeared to the same place that all of the rest of the artwork in Stark Tower seemed to have gone to. The hallway was left looking barren, more sterile even than a hotel, which would at least have had an ugly pastel print.
There was a long moment of stilted silence before Tony couldn't take it anymore. "And?" he asked. "Is it going to get worse? Get better? Kill me?"
"I had one last-" Clint started. Don gave him a look. He could be almost as intimidating in this form as he could when he was Thor. "Right. Tetanus shot."
"Should I even bother to mention that that data should have been turned over to SHIELD?" Hill asked. It had the sound of a rhetorical question, so Tony didn't answer it.
"I think we've already established that she's evil, big guy," Jan said.
"I will not be humiliated like this!" Zemo shrieked. A garden hose was tangled around his ankles, a Gordian knot of green rubber, and part of his purple mask had been singed black by Jan's stingers. He fired his rifle in Jan's general direction, the muzzle blast ear-splitting, but he had come loaded with massive bullets designed to take down Thor or She-Hulk, and Jan's tiny form was too small a target for him to hit.
"Are they always like that?" Rhodey asked, wide-eyed, as the door swung shut behind them. "I don't remember it being that bad, before."
"Like I said," Nick went on, as Steve took the paper and quickly scanned its contents, "we know she wants revenge. What we need to know is what she thinks she's doing, and who she's doin' it for."
Sam shrugged, hefting the paperback in his right hand. "I was awake anyway. Go clean yourself up and make nice with your boyfriend."
This wasn't really about the fact that their relationship was about to be outed, then. Steve wasn't surprised; Tony had never seemed to care that deeply what people thought of his sex life, or who knew about it. His confession that it had made him uncomfortable when the media had speculated about his relationship with Rumiko was something Steve had never suspected.
"Well, obviously," Clint was saying, "but now Wanda and Hank can't figure out how to change him back, and it's not funny anymore. And I had to watch him and Hank-"
"It was a little too one-sided to call it a fistfight," Rhodes admitted, sounding chagrined. "Ultron was an accident. I meant to knock the hell out of Tony. He was just trying to stop me from being an idiot, and when
Don raised his eyebrows. "You've got a bloody hole in your leg. What do you think?"
"We weren't great at plans, when we were his age." Clint shrugged one shoulder. "I don't know. I think you and Spiderwoman should keep an eye on him. Sanity is optional for supervillains." He glanced back over his shoulder to where Thor and Jan were talking to two uniformed policemen and a woman with a microphone and a plastic smile. "Jan's waving at you," he added. "I think you're on deck."
"Blind stubbornness?" Tony suggested, raising his eyebrows.
Hank snatched his hand back as if Tony's skin were covered in something caustic. "Oh God," he blurted out. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean-"
"Yes, but that was two days ago. Materials can weaken over time." Tony hands moved downward, to the fly of Steve's jeans. "Metal fatigue builds up," he laid an open-mouthed kiss on the side of Steve's neck, mouth hot against Steve's skin, "wood warps..."
"No," Tony said, breathing hard, the exertion obviously starting to tell on him. "Just forty pounds of extra mass. Physics, remember?"
Tony went limp and boneless as Steve mouthed gently at the worst of the scars on his chest. His hands were still at his sides, Steve noted, with mild surprise. They had stayed there throughout all of it.
"Hello, Morgan," Tony said, giving his cousin a bright, false smile and not bothering to disguise the contempt in his tone; he hadn't bothered to pretend there was any real affection between them since the second time Morgan had lent his assistance to a supervillain trying to kill or discredit Tony. Morgan had displayed a distinct lack of concern when Stane had taken over SI, had in fact fallen all over himself trying to suck up to him.
“Don called in.  Hank’s in stable condition at the Bellevue Hospital Center.  And Hill says they’re having Spiderman and Luke and the others brought up to the helicarrier.”  She dropped into the chair next to Steve’s, waving at him to sit down as well, and stretched her legs out in front of her, wincing a little as she straightened the injured one.  Carol had a lot of leg to stretch out, most of it bare, but no one in the infirmary bay gave her so much as a second glance.  “It’s a good thing Chthon was more focused on his end goal than he was on killing them.  It sounds like he just bulldozed through them and didn’t look back.  Or Sin did.”
Jan put a hand on her arm. "Everything you've done – everything Chthon made you do – can be dealt with later. This is more important."
There, near the edge of the glass's shatter radius; the imaginary face's left eye was formed by a patch of clear asphalt. Carol touched down, and glanced around for Clint — then saw him, a flash of purple by one of the ambulances.
Steve would have denied that indignantly. He was convinced that he didn't sulk, despite all evidence to the contrary. In that case, however... "I don't think it was me going to California he was angry about. We had... a fight, before I left. When I was still drinking." Tony's memories of the exchange were vague – Steve's hard shoulder under him; smoke thick in the air, making him dizzy, or maybe that had been the alcohol; Steve yelling, demanding to know
He would have dismissed it as his imagination, but Redwing had mantled his feathers, let out a steam-whistle scream of offense, and taken off for the sky the moment the museum staff, and their box, had come within twenty feet of him. He had flatly refused Sam's suggestion that he come back down, projecting an impression of fear and disgust, and a mental image of the box distorted into the shape of a giant, evil-looking owl.
The perspective on the wings was wrong, among other things, and he'd asked Tony not to hang it in Stark Tower's lobby, telling him that he could draw something better, something that wouldn't make him cringe every time he walked in and saw it hanging over the reception desk in all its slightly lop-sided glory. Tony had insisted that he liked it, and put it up anyway.
"It was completely shut down.  We had to pry it off you."
The two of them were being held in the corner of a huge, high-ceilinged room, lit only by the steady glow of her 'cage' and by a grid of finely spaced green energy beams that ran from floor to ceiling and walled their corner off from the rest of the room.  Jan kicked at the round metal plate that formed the floor of her tiny cell, then flew up a couple of inches to try hammering on the identical plate that formed the ceiling.  It did nothing, of course, but it made her feel better.
"Like witchcraft?" Agatha pursed her lips. "You should have come to me, child. I know more about witchcraft than any woman alive. I have studied it for over three hundred years."
They were through the door in moments, Steve taking point, with his shield up to block any potential assault. The dining room was a mess; broken porcelain and glass littered the carpet, and half the tables had been over-turned. Things were calmer than he had expected, though not in any way Steve found comforting; most of the people were huddled in corners or unconscious on the floor. Carol was giving a middle-aged man CPR, and a dark-skinned woman lay on the floor inches from the door, hands bloody and fingernails ripped away. Steve had to step over her to enter the room.
"I want to see him." Cap said. "Then I want to see Jan."
"That happens when you pay for an entire hospital wing." Wanda's voice was absent; she was still staring at her glove. "I must have torn this when we fought the Wrecking Crew yesterday. I hate it when I do that. Do you know how hard it is to get elbow-length silk gloves in red?"
"You mean Cap agreed to help her," Carol interrupted.
Sam was doing okay, too, which was a minor miracle.  Steve had been so certain, when he’d seen Redwing grab the spear and heard Sam scream, seen him collapse to his knees, that the spear was going to kill him, drive him insane, burn and electrocute Redwing the way it had Strange.  He wasn’t sure what losing Redwing would have done to Sam, didn’t want to think about it too deeply.
Steve  could feel his face heat.  He still wasn't used to the idea that they  could mention that they were together so openly and casually.  Ending  the secrecy had been Steve's idea, but it was still… new.
An older man had fallen to his knees beside his chair, one hand clutching at his chest. A dark-haired woman was sitting on the floor next to him, tears streaming from her closed eyes, rocking back and forth. Another woman was pounding on one of the doors with her fists, her perfectly manicured brown hands leaving smears of blood on the wood. There were people running back and forth from one side of the room to another, pursued by something only they could see; people clinging to one another in panic, motionless and whimpering; and one table of stock brokers had gotten into a fist-fight.
"You drugged me!" Another vessel. Another vessel for whatever she had- God, was she summoning
"Some show tune." Tony's smile got, if possible, even wider. "I think he was dancing."
"It's like that," Tony said. He was gripping the handle of his briefcase hard enough that his fingers were starting to hurt, he realized. He made himself loosen his grasp, and tried one more time to access one of the cut-off datafeeds. Once again, no luck. "You can't tell, afterwards, how much of it was the mind control and how much was you." Or at least, he hadn't been able to tell, when Immortus had been influencing him. When the Extremis had been hacked, his memory had been wiped after every instance of mind-control, leaving him with large blocks of missing time, and Ultron's mind-control had worked the same way. But with Immortus...
Wanda was eye to eye with him. It was disconcerting to be this small; he hadn't been this short since he was fifteen. And his balance was all wrong; he'd had to constantly watch himself to keep from falling over before he taken the armor off.
"Only if you can keep up," she said.
Clint made a coughing noise that sounded a lot like "Madam Masque."
"I hate my life," Tony announced.
"Is there any new information about the Masters of Evil's escape from Rikers?" she asked.
Luckily, this particular exhibition preview was open to all museum donors at the $500 a year level and up, so Steve was able to be there without openly attending as Tony's date. Tony's official 'plus one' for the evening was Wanda.
Jan shook her head slowly. "Fine," she said. "I'll drop it. Don't ask Steve."
going to."  She was striding toward them, movements quick and purposeful, growing larger with each step.
The black dress clung to Tony tightly enough to show off a narrow waist and gently curving hips - combined with his shoulders, just broad and muscular enough from years of metal working and hand-to-hand training to balance the hips perfectly, the result was a slender hourglass figure that...
Rhodey made a strangled noise, then started to cough.
Someone had needed to stick up for Simon. Jessica hadn't been there when Vision had died, when Wanda had tried to destroy them all. She didn't really understand how personal the betrayal had to be for Simon, who'd lost his entire remaining family in a single day. She thought he ought to be happy to have Wanda back, didn't see Wanda's madness as any different than what the Shadow King had done to her.
"What flirting?" Rhodey repeated. "Christ, you don't even realize you're doing it, do you?"
The second ritual took longer to perform, involving a circle of red chalk, several candles, and a blood sacrifice.  Luckily, it only required a few drops of blood and she could use her own — trying to bring along a human sacrifice victim or black chicken or goat would have made things a lot more difficult.
Rhodey had caught up with him, just in time for them to reach the table reserved for the two of them and Jan together.
The twang of Clint's bowstring sounded almost before she'd finished speaking.
Tony stared up at Steve for a second, confusion in his eyes; then his lips quirked in a little half-smile and he took Steve's hand, letting Steve pull him to his feet. It had never been difficult to manhandle Tony, but it was even easier now; he was a good fifty pounds lighter as well as half a foot shorter.
"No thank you." Wanda waved a hand, cutting him off. "It would be... I need to know where Pietro is, but I don't want to..." she trailed off, then added, "Crystal doesn't know. They share custody of Luna, so I thought maybe.... He's alive. She knows that. He came and took Luna, and they disappeared somewhere."
Steve stared at him for one frozen moment, very aware that no one but Tony himself could remove the armor these days. Unless Pepper had an emergency override code? He hadn't thought to ask, how could he not have asked?
Tony sounded good, normal - more like himself than Steve had heard him sound in a long time, unless he counted Iron Man's performance in the fight against Masters of Evil. But then, even when he'd been drinking heavily, Tony had usually managed to sound like something like normal. If he hadn't, people would have figured out what was going on sooner.
Carol looked away from Wanda's tight, set face, and the suspicious shine in her eyes, to the living room's bare floors, their finish still glossy and untouched. "Yeah, you cared about them so much that you tried to kill them to, what, punish us for the fact that you lost your children? Was that how Chthon got you to do it?" Wanda flinched, her shoulders hunching up defensively, but Carol pressed on, almost glad to be hurting the other woman. "You got inside our heads! You used our worst weaknesses against us. Chthon couldn't have known those things." Making Jen lose control of her powers, shoving Tony off the wagon; those were personal attacks, the kind of thing someone did when they wanted to hurt someone they knew well as badly as possible. It would have made no sense for Chthon to have attacked the Avengers that way – they were nothing but pawns to him. Using Wanda's powers to slaughter them all without the cat-toying-with-a-mouse build up would have been more efficient.
Steve, of course, was incapable of not responding to that kind of supervillain posturing.
When a still Goliath-sized Hank had pulled off Tony's helmet to reveal strangely unfamiliar masculine features, and announced that Tony was still alive, the wave of relief had been almost dizzying.
Steve straightened, throwing up his hands.  "That's it," he half-shouted.  "I told you that if I caught you using the Extremis you were off active duty."
"I don't hover."
"Stark Tower has a lot of innocent bystanders in it," Jan said slowly. She looked faintly apologetic, as if she didn't like pointing it out.
"Well, no, but..." Hank waved a hand, visibly struggling for words. "She nearly destroyed the world. She's incredibly powerful. Incredibly powerful and unstable, and that means she's incredibly dangerous. She killed Scott. And Vision. Maybe she didn't mean to, but they're still dead."
"I wanted to-" he started, and then stopped, his brain abruptly running out of words. He hadn't been this inarticulate since the last time he'd tried to make up with Bobbi, before... he hadn't been this inarticulate for a long time. Maybe he shouldn't ask to speak to Wanda alone. Maybe she didn't
"She's what?" Steve frowned, and half raised one hand toward his shoulder, reaching for a shield that wasn't there. "How do you know?"
Tony dropped his gaze to his hands again, shaking his head slowly. "The press is going to have a ball with this. They'd just gotten used to me being female." He didn't sound annoyed over the idea, though. There was something almost like awe in his voice.
Because after all of the trouble he'd gone through to keep his armor's specs out of Nick Fury's hands over the years, he wasn't about to just hand them over now, no matter how much SE might need SHIELD's business after losing the US military contracts.
"I'm sorry," Steve said, wretchedly. Had what he and Tony had done made the spell worse? Goddamnit, they should have been more careful, and not just about using protection. It was possible that the mere act of having sex as a woman had done something to the spell. "I- does he have any idea how to break the spell? Does Wanda?"
"We did," Barnes said.  "He's never around when you need him."
Tony shook his head. "It's really not-"
Wanda blinked at him, her expression indicating that this ought to have been obvious. "Because she's possessed by Chthon." She swayed slightly on her feet, and added. "And because I just burned her house down."
Tony gritted his teeth, his tentative good mood abruptly vanishing.
The sudden, delighted laughter seemed to come from everywhere at once.  A woman's voice, but with a strange, harmonic echo to it that made Steve's teeth ache and his skin crawl.
Wanda froze; everything in her wanted to turn and run, but her body wasn't listening, and she knew, suddenly, that this, this
"Ow, what the hell?" Clint yelped, clapping one hand over his nose. The robot staggered backwards into Hank's next punch, an arrow jutting out from the vulnerable point where its legs joined its body. Hank ripped the arrow loose and jammed it into the robot's glowing white eye, and the holodummy vanished, Clint's arrow clattering to the floor.
"You could ask him," Steve said, "but I doubt you'll have much luck."
Loki didn't so much as glance at him. "Use the powers the All-Father left to you to break down his protections, allow me to claim the spear for my own and take its power back into myself, and Chthon will no longer be able to lay claim to it."
Doom watched her go with gritted teeth and reminded himself again of all the reasons why he couldn't kill her yet.
“And Doom?”
Hank swore, slamming a fist into the ground in frustration.  "This is going to take forever.  If I were outside the grid, all I'd have to do is destroy the power core on the force-field generator.  It's linked to your cage; the two energy fields are the exact same frequency."
"What?"  Peter asked.  He'd just essentially announced that he knew what Matt  slept in.  Surely none of them could actually think…   "I only know what  he sleeps in because there was this one time when we'd been fighting  Tombstone and Matt had broken ribs and a concussion and I was helping  him get ready for bed because he's blind and stuff and the concussion  was screwing up his bat sonar thing."
Gritting his teeth against the stab of pain in his head, Tony reached out via the Extremis and tapped into the Met's records on bookings of their private rooms for the past two months. They had hosted a diplomatic function last week, which had included Latverian guests, and a tour of the still-closed-to-the-public alchemy exhibit. How had he missed it the first time around?
"This shouldn't be bleeding so much," Steve muttered, almost to himself. He held a hand out, and Tony and Sharon both moved to place another wad of gauze in it, their shoulders nearly colliding. The soaked gauze went into the sink, little threads of blood seeping out from the soggy material into the surrounding water.
"Yeah, okay," Sam said quietly.  "Is there anything I can do?"  He said it casually, as if Steve's nightmares were only mildly interesting to him, and Steve was grateful for that, even though he knew the casual unconcern was put on for his benefit.
She let go of his chin and straightened, and Don wished viciously for his cane.  One swipe at her ankles with it, and she would be the one falling face-first onto the floor.  Or not — Loki was stronger than he was, immensely so.
"Covering for you?" Sam shrugged. "I figure you've done enough interviews about why you decided to put the costume back on. Plus, any time they get a chance to talk to Captain America, they hang around twice as long as they do for the rest of us."
crying
Steve seized on it as the olive branch it was. "You mean, hoping I'll get to fire a gun the size of Spiderman? Actually, no. I just wanted to watch you get covered in sweat and engine grease." On the other hand... "But now that you mention it..."
The ambulances had turned off their sirens, but their lights were still flashing garishly. There was a ladder truck there now, too, the firemen busily extending the ladder towards the building's top floor.
Steve hadn't been here in months, but he remembered how to order dessert in the way that would be least inconvenient for the staff. Of course he did.
Steve blinked. "Whose name?"
Everyone unanimously voted 'no,' as they always did - if there were ever any problems with their finances, Tony would tell them without the need for anyone to ask, and unless there
trying, Steve knew. Or at least, he hoped. He let the subject drop, along with wedding plans and whatever their teammates thought, and leaned up to close the distance between them again, capturing Tony's with his. His hands fit perfectly around the slim curve of Tony's waist, like they belonged there.
Two of the cameras were damaged, transmitting nothing but static. A third, located close to the malfunctioning ones, but at a higher and harder to reach angle that had probably hidden it from even wary and suspicious eyes, showed him the motionless body of a security guard, dark liquid spreading in a pool around his head.
“I’m on drugs,” Tony said.  “Remind me, what did it do to your shield?”
Thor halted, despite the better instincts that told him that if eavesdropping was dishonorable, eavesdropping on a conversation that concerned oneself was even more so.
That hadn't occurred to Steve, and the thought that Loki could just as easily have killed Tony in order to seek revenge on Thor was chilling.
Jan nodded, slowly. "What made you change your mind? I thought you were angrier at her than any of us." Tony had blamed himself. Steve too, in a quieter sort of way. Simon hadn't wanted to discuss it, and those first few weeks immediately afterwards, Hank had alternated between trying — endlessly and aloud — to figure out how they could have prevented Ultron from taking over Vision and shutting himself in his lab and speaking only to his specimen tanks. Carol had laid all the blame squarely at Wanda's feet.
Jan ignored him. Their table was situated in a corner of the room, near one of the air conditioning vents, which had been blowing freezing air on her ever since they had sat down. Now, the cold air had suddenly stopped.
, and Steve had quietly decided that he wasn't going to let anything, be it supervillains, government interference, possession or experimental drugs, or either of their own nightmares get in the way of that again.
The Doombot was already falling; she wouldn't be able to get to Clint in time.
"I'll kill you slowly, Wilson.  I'll start with that bird of yours, cook him alive and make you eat him-"
Cly and Erwin had taken Tony when he'd been nothing but a liability, when they'd had every reason to turn him away, and he'd repaid them with death. Cly had burned to death, like Titanium Man had; he wondered if she had screamed the way he had.
"I thought you'd be older. I mean, damn, you've been in this business longer than I have." It was said with certain amount of respect, which surprised Peter a little.
Tony froze, the armor going motionless like a machine that had abruptly had its power shut off. Then he shook his head, turned away from them all, and silently left the room.
Strange would have been able to teleport himself away. Agatha probably could, too, if she had Chthon's power at her beck and call. Wanda didn't have that option.
They needed to stay on the ball. And they needed to keep public confidence in superheroes high, or the tension caused by Chthon and the apparently steadily increasing power leakage from spear would find a new outlet.
They would be in time.  He would lose no teammates today, not even infuriating ones.
“I couldn’t fix the injury, but I think I was able to fix something.  My chaos powers are partially entropy-based, and I can… sometimes I can sense when a system is degrading or damaged.  We tried to use that once, on the Force Works team, but the computer hardware couldn’t handle the chaos energy for prolonged periods of time.  A human body has more natural chaos in it, and is more resistant to it, but Tony’s not a standard human anymore.  I don’t know exactly what was wrong with his Extremis, but I could feel that it had destabilized.  So I sort of… gave it a nudge in the other direction.”
Jan took off after the woman, catching up with her just as she reached the window and grabbing her by the elbow.
"At least Tony seems all right," Jan said, after a long and painful silence.
"Because no one likes being a victim." Tony looked away, running a hand through his hair, and thought for a second.
rushed into it without thinking, but Steve knew perfectly well what he was getting into and what he wanted. And he certainly wouldn't lead Tony on, regardless.
Wanda looked up, her face half-hidden by a tangle of dark curls.  "If you can get either me or Stephen within a few blocks of the book, we ought to be able to feel it then."
"Maybe if all of the people trying to disassemble the bombs had been
"Not yet. You should start being afraid when we let Jarvis in on our conspiracy." Steve resumed his seat and handed Tony a menu. The wine menu, Tony saw, had already been removed from their table - he could see it sitting on one of the neighboring tables, a dark blot of red leather against the white tablecloth. "How did the meeting go?"
"I know that," Peter mumbled, "but... I have been mad at him, and he is poisoned, and..." he trailed off, because that sounded exactly as stupid as it was.
"I'll..." Tony started, then stopped, and began again, "I should have read those emails. Maybe she was trying to warn us before this hit newsstands, or maybe I could have talked her out of it by giving her something else to print." He sounded calm, his face forced back into a careful lack of expression, but Steve wasn't fooled; he was probably blisteringly angry with himself for slipping up in such an obvious way, not to mention humiliated by the idea of thousands of readers seeing that photo of him at Steve's funeral. Tony didn't like publicly losing control of himself.
Barnes spat into the sink, then mumbled something inaudible.
Tony looked up to see her tattoos flaring a dull cherry-red, like iron that wasn't quite hot enough to work with.
"What? Oh no." Strange shook his head, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. "Quite the opposite, actually. You were sterile. You are most assuredly not sterile anymore."
Why did people keep assuming that he had just rushed into this without thinking and had no idea what he was getting into? All right, he
"That only happened once, and it was
That had been Steve's idea, as had the plate of cookies on the coffee table. Tony had pointed out that Ben Urich was legendarily immune to bribery, and Steve had given him a shove that was somewhere between playful and admonishing and told him that it wasn't a bribe; it was good manners.
Steve lifted his shield to block a punch from one of the few A.I.M. hirelings still on his feet, then slammed the front of his shield against the man's face – it split the front of his faceplate with a satisfying crack, and he went down in a crumpled heap of yellow plastic.
"I'm sure," Clint interrupted. "She brought me back from the dead. And then I-" he broke off, looking uncomfortable. "I don't know. I don't think I can make a rational decision here."
has to stop
Her first hex sphere had hit it mid-chest, and the thing had ground to a halt in a sudden burst of sparks.  She'd rolled out of bed, coughing a little at the reek of burned wiring, and thrown herself to the floor where the next attacker to teleport in wouldn't see her as easily.
It wasn't just the touch — it was the way they were standing, too close, the flirtatious way Tony was smiling at him, the pleasure in his face and body language a sharp contrast to the raw misery in the other photo. The way Steve himself was smiling back, one hand on Tony's arm as if to pull him closer.
Something hard slammed into his back, and bright lights flashed in his head.
He'd gone there intending to force answers out of Wanda, to bring her back to justice, and then he'd left empty-handed, after sleeping with her. He'd tried not to examine the memories too closely, because he wasn't sure he wanted to remember the reasoning behind that.
It took him a moment to find Wanda – he still looked automatically for bold colors, and the steel-grey dress she and Jan had found at the last minute was the sort of thing the eye skimmed over without really seeing. Neutral, cool.
"Who cares?" Clint said. "There's no way you get to say something like that and not give details. Like who, and when, and why the hell you'd want to, and why haven't I ever heard about it?"
"I'm going to go look for him," Clint said, standing abruptly and brushing feather barbs off his pants.
There was a half-empty plastic glass of orange juice sitting in the corner of the fold-down tray in front of her, and the taste of oranges in her mouth. She didn't remember drinking it.
at Steve with the single-minded focus Steve had previously seen him give to complex mechanical problems and fanatical quests to get his stolen armor back. "Doing this with you almost makes being a woman worth it," he breathed, and leaned forward those last few inches to kiss Steve again.
Both of them came to a halt when they saw the magazine in Steve's hand. Sam nodded at it, looking sober. "You've seen it, then?"
"You think there's any chance Spiderman might be willing to sign on with us?" Rhodey went on. "He's been doing this since he was younger than most of those kids, and he's got actual experience as a teacher, which is more than the rest of us have."
"I heard about that," Sam was saying. "Sorry. I know sympathy's pretty useless, but-"
The sharp smell of burning wood and carpet joined the haze of dust in the air.  The woman ignored it; she drew her gun and charged forward, as if Clint and his energy weapon weren't even there.
"Have they figured out what this is yet?" Carol asked, taking a short step into the room.
Which was technically true, but, "That's not the same thing, and you know it."
"I don't know.  He's been stabbed."  Hank shrank back to normal size, then went pale, swaying against the wall.  "I hate being out of practice," he muttered.  "This never happens when I use my powers regularly."  He took a deep breath, then bent down to peer at Don's leg.
"It must be nice having your own castle to hide out in," Sam observed. "At least the Wrecking Crew is still locked up. Maybe we'll get lucky, and they'll actually stay that way for a while." Redwing, perched on his shoulder, made a trilling noise that sounded almost like agreement. Jan was never sure exactly how much human speech he understood.
Wanda held up both hands, palms out, and the energy arced away from Clint, curving around him to burn a long furrow across the wall behind him.
There was no one in there, either, but a fire had been laid in the fireplace, and either Steve or Tony had left a book lying on the coffee table, face down to keep their place in it.
The next few moments were a blur of fists and impacts and the unbearably sexy muted sounds Steve made when he fought. Tony managed to disengage and dance backwards, wiping sweat off his forehead with the back of his hand before it could drip into his eyes. "You had to give her a second chance," he said, grinning at Steve, "or it would have been obvious that you only forgave me because you're sleeping with me."
Thor ground his teeth, trying to ignore the crawling sensation on the back of his neck and between his shoulder blades, the knowledge that were Loki physically present, she would be perfectly positioned to slide a knife through the gaps in his armor. "Some of them are capable of honor, which is more than anyone has ever been able to say of you." The words held the weight of truth. Captain America lived and breathed honor, and demanded it of all who fought beside him. Much as Thor had wished to deny it, even Tony and Hank did possess honor of a kind, though not by the same code as his own.
There was blood in his mouth, thick and metallic, so much that he was choking on it, and he couldn't breathe, his lungs as paralyzed as the rest of him.
"Sorry," Sam told Ms. Sullivan, "Gotta go." He turned his back on her without giving her a chance to respond and hurried over to Steve. "Paramedics say the people who were evacuated through the lobby all seem okay, but they're taking them all to St. Vincent's and a couple of other hospitals to run some tests and make sure."
"They wash themselves all the time," Steve objected, his eyebrows going up skeptically.
Wanda smiled at him, her face just a little too stiff.  “I’m fine.”
Months ago, when he had first rejoined the Avengers, Thor had sworn that he would never again sleep under Tony Stark's roof. Then he had begun staying in Stark Tower overnight, because the journey from New York to Nebraska was long even for an Asgardian. He had told himself that he was not accepting Tony's hospitality, but merely bowing to necessity because it would have been foolish to do otherwise. Meals were a different matter; it was Jarvis's bread and salt he ate, not Tony Stark's.
"Remember," She-Hulk called over the scream of jet noise, as the quinjet redirected its thrust and went into hover mode directly overhead, coming slowly down for a landing, "when Tony gets off the plane, whatever you do, don't laugh."
Don suddenly felt very tired.  Maybe it was the situation, or maybe it was the blood loss.  "Where do you think the Odin force comes from?"
"We'll talk about this later," Steve said. Then he turned on his heel and left, leaving Tony standing motionless in the middle of the front hallway.
"Nice creative problem solving," he gasped, as the first of the robots charged at them. "If this were real, you'd be on your own now."
"What?" He was supposed to talk to someone? Steve looked up at Carol, dragging his eyes away from Tony with an almost physical effort. "Who?"
Clint shook his head slowly, his fingers tightening visibly on his bow.  "We are so fucking fucked and it's too late to run."
Clint started to answer, then stopped, making a face. "I... don't know. I have no freaking idea. She must have whammied that out of my head, too."
Thor narrowed his eyes, then stepped forward and set the glass vials down on the workbench next to the fume hood, with the care of a man who would really prefer to be smashing things. He turned to Jan, nodded at her, and said, "I will tell Captain America that the substance will be identified in some little time. I shall accompany thee back upstairs, if it be thy wish; the air here below the ground is unhealthful, and the company equally so."
. He'd always preferred Nick and Nora and the Continental Op to Sam Spade, anyway. Or one of Vision's Philip Marlowe stories...
"Why? Because you don't trust me with computer systems and AIs?" It wasn't until the question was out that it occurred to Hank that it might not be one he wanted to ask.
She was wearing the red leather pants and bustier and ankle-length red cape that she'd worn before everything had fallen apart. The old, pointy headdress was gone, but aside from that detail, it was like stepping back in time a year and a half; for a brief, weightless moment, Tony half-expected Vision to glide through the wall behind her, or for Scott Lang to stroll in, helmet in hand, trading half-serious barbs with Jack of Hearts and followed by a trail of ants.
He had expected Tony's assistant to try to bar him entrance, and was taken off guard when Pepper Potts-Hogan smiled grimly at him and waved him inside. "Good, it's one of you guys. Go right in. Maybe you can talk some sense into him."
"How badly is he hurt?" Cap asked, in the tone of someone who had already mentally taken charge of the situation. Cap tended to do that; it made him a good tactical leader for the Avengers. It also made him incredibly frustrating to work with at times, if his idea of the best course of action was different from your own.
He had finally gotten used to the near-silence in which Tony often used computers these days; the lack of clacking keys was one of the few benefits of the Extremis, since Tony tended to type furiously and loudly. The quiet was nice, peaceful. They hadn't had many chances lately to just sit around and relax.
Maybe he didn't know Tony as well as he'd always thought he had, or maybe Tony had completely snapped under the strain of being both Iron Man and Tony Stark. Either way, it bothered him to see Tony so obviously upset, to see him in pain. It made him want to forgive Tony everything, just to see Tony smile at him again.
Jan's response was cut off by a loud squeal of brakes from below, and she tracked it to its source just in time to see a car slam into a parked SUV with a loud, metallic crunch. It rebounded off the SUV, side-swiped the car parked illegally on the other side of the street, and came to a halt in the middle of the street. Several feet away, its crumpled front fender spun lazily over the asphalt.
"I should have," Wanda admitted, feeling a pang of guilt. She had drifted away from her old teacher recently, had... wait, no, there was dark magic in the room. Why was she letting herself get distracted?
Tony had spent over a month thinking he was dead. Steve didn't even want to think about what he would have done if it had been him in that position. He'd barely been able to hold it together through a single afternoon.
“Yeah, we noticed.”  Without taking his hand from Steve’s shoulder, Bucky pulled the glove off his good hand with his teeth and pressed his bare fingers against Tony’s throat.  “Thor and the Wasp are the only ones that don’t look like they were pulled through a cheese grater backwards.  I thought Warbird was invulnerable.  His pulse is good,” he added.  “Well, it’s there, anyway.  Are you hurt?”
Inarguably true, but, "If he can defeat gods, how do you plan to deal with him?" Doom demanded.
And all this because Thor couldn't resist the impulse to mock Loki over embarrassing incidents that had happened millennia ago.
"It looks like you'll be staying longer than just a few days, then," Steve said, coming further into the room. He loomed over Tony now by over half a foot; it was disconcerting.
“The spear was a powerful magical artifact.  And Sin used his blood to-“ she broke off, looking away for a moment, a quick movement of the eyes that meant that she regretted whatever it was she had almost said.  “There could be magical damage.”
He didn't say that, though, not quite.
"I'm," he began, starting to tell her that he was fine, and then stopped. "I don't know." He drew in a deep breath, feeling marginally less shaky, and balled his hands into fists to keep them from trembling. His hands never shook. Even when he'd been drinking himself to sleep every night and hungover every morning, they'd always been rock steady when he needed them to be. "Yelling at Steve and Thor wouldn't have helped anything. I didn't want to- The last time I got into an actual fight with Steve, I broke his jaw."
"Clint!" as he tried to protest the utter lack of any time to plan, warn his teammates, or ask Strange if he was, in fact, willing to help. And he probably ought to give Vision a heads up before his rather uncomfortably ex wife arrived. "Some time to get ready would have been nice," he finished, to the hollow sound of the empty line.
, watched her team shatter. If it wasn't Wanda's fault, it was all of their faults, for letting her be taken and used.
"What were the two of you doing in the Helicarrier's morgue that you had to turn the cameras off for?" Clint sounded far too interested, his eyebrows raised questioningly. He hissed as Sam elbowed him in the side, and took a step away from him. "I was trying to lighten the mood."
"The book."  Steve was already moving toward the door, his bare feet silent on the wooden floor.  "They're after the book.  How did-"
Tony snickered. "Maybe you should 'take pity' on him."
"We'll take her, sir," one of them said, stepping over to Clint. His companion, a short woman with a red ponytail pulled through the back of her baseball cap, stared around the room at the wreckage.
"Don't just stand there," Steve snapped at him. "Go suit up, Avenger."
Hank shrugged, the movement only slightly stiff. "Just a few bruises. It will remind me that being a superhero isn't as glamorous as it's rumored to be."
"So," Loki said, her gleeful smirk visible even from across the street, "you have come to stop us.  Of course you have.  You're tiresomely predictable."
"It's been nice having you on the team again. We missed you."
It was one thing running into Iron Man during an Avengers' priority alert every so often. Living under the same roof with Tony Stark again, however, would be another matter entirely.
Crying, or trying not to.  It might have been jarring if the other man hadn’t just gone through significant physical trauma.   His near brush with death by poisoning hadn’t left any visible physical marks, but his entire system would still be shaken by it.  Thor’s prompting aside, this probably hadn’t been the best time to try to discuss anything significant.
Clint's reverie was broken, when he heard the door two suites down open. He backed down the hallway as stealthily as possible and dropped his voice to the lowest whisper he could and still expect to be heard. "Coulson, I think you're about to have company," he hissed into his earpiece, watching nervously as Logan slowly stepped out of his suite.
"They've got him on life support," Coulson admitted quietly. "The weapon seems to have affected the serum... they didn't give us many details. They're trying to get him stable so that he can have visitors."
Steve started. He wondered how anyone could have come in without him even noticing, but it was Pepper. She was used to the suite and used to coming in and out as necessary. Normally it was to steal some bit of paperwork Tony had been supposed to sign a month before. "Hi," he managed in a strangled whisper. He hadn't really stopped crying. He'd managed to keep it together until everyone was back at the Tower, and then he'd fallen apart. Steve wasn't proud of it, though he was proud of how long he'd managed to keep from doing it. Sedation had calmed him, but it hadn't done anything to stop the tears. It hadn't kept him from struggling free of his own cold, lonely bed and following the siren call of Tony's. At least he felt close to the man there.
Clint pushed himself up and held onto the side of the bar for a second to stabilize himself. "Yeah, yeah... I should..." He belched quietly, dragged his bow from the bar and started for the hallway. "If you're gonna walk me home, you better get moving," he threw back over his shoulder, though his progress was much more in the side-to-side category and much less forward than he believed it to be. He really didn't expect Phil to walk him back to his room. It wasn't like there was a lot of danger if he passed out in a corner of the building, anyway. Worst case, Fury was the one to find him and yell at him, hangover and all, the next morning.
"During? There's gonna be a podium, right?" Tony asked with a grin, then pouted when he got "the look" that only Steve could give. "Fine. After. It would've been epic, though."
"I'm going to have to politely decline that offer," Steve answered. He hesitated for a moment before peeling off the sweat shirt and replacing it with Tony's. Tony hadn't seen him shirtless anywhere but in photos, not in his current state, and Steve couldn't quite bring himself to watch his lover's face as he changed. It was an old fear rearing its head. Steve knew he'd have plenty of those to work through, but it wasn't going to happen all at once. The shirt hung predictably loose, but it was worn and comfortable and smelled like Tony's laundry detergent. "Thanks. This is definitely better." He knew he probably still looked like a kid wearing his dad's clothes.
"I try to be sociable," Steve answered. It took everything he'd learned touring as a useless figurehead to keep his "company smile" on and not look as rattled as he felt. That Tony Stark of all people affected him so much was a trial. He nodded toward the glasses in Tony's hand. "One for your date? I didn't see Pepper." He was fishing - and rather obviously so - but if he was honest with himself, Steve had wondered where things stood as soon as he watched Tony drive off with Bruce. They'd all gone their separate ways, and Tony and Bruce... it had seemed like there was something there, something that had left him itching to pick a fight in a way he hadn't experienced in a long time.
Coulson bit his tongue just in time to keep from saying anything he'd regret a few minutes later. "I'm sure Stark would be happy to come up with a new design made out of some bizarre compound he fashioned out of toilet paper and dental floss." The beauty of Stark, of course, was that he could do exactly that. The man was an ass, but he was an incredibly talented ass. "In the meantime, we'll just keep up the moratorium of playing any teen pop sensations who surfaced after, say, the 60s. When we get back, you should grab your boyfriend and pretend the two of you haven't left your room. If Fury's mad, I'll take the hit. He still owes me."
Tony groaned in perfect ecstasy as Loki moved inside him, hitting all the right spots, his cock slamming into Tony's prostate with each movement. His strangled cries and whimpers of pleasure filled the room as he neared the edge. Loki moved differently, but the lips against Tony's felt just like Steve's, tasted like his. Tony clung to that, lavished all his affection on the creature pressed against him and let the pleasure wash away the hesitation. His mouth blazed a trail down Loki's throat, and he nuzzled the god's neck as he panted for air.
Clint nodded, running a hand over Phil's chest, determined to stay in the bed until Jarvis told them they had to get ready. It felt too good to be tangled up against his handler to jump out of bed. "I will be. I've already got all kinds of plans on how we're gonna feed the ducks and I'm gonna cuddle you all night every night and we're gonna live off of pizza, donuts, and stupid eighties movies until we get tired of it." He leaned in, pressing their foreheads together and closing his eyes. "And I'll protect Tash, too, but I figured she'd yell at me for thinking she needed my protection."
Scott took a few breaths before he finally decided to talk. "Thanks," he said softly. Hoping his voice didn't crack, he ventured, "How's Logan?"
"Beer 'n' hotwings, huh?" Logan knew that wasn't what Scott meant, but he couldn't help ribbing him for it. "Well, at least I won't haveta try hard to outdo myself," he said, giving Scott a casual wink as he finished off the last of said food. Wiping his fingers off, he reached across the table again until Scott took his hand. "It's pretty damn nice, if I say so myself. Maybe I'll find us somewhere next time that isn't full o' assholes that wanna give us the stinkeye for holdin' hands."
Natasha watched Steve walk away with a hint of a smile. Even broken-hearted, he knew how to inspire others. It was damn impressive. "I'm staying with you," she observed, looking to Phil and Clint. "On the couch, of course, but I am."
"Lord Fury, there are... we have ways on Asgard of limiting his sorcery, should you wish it. And I am willing to stay here until you feel he can be trusted," Thor offered. He hadn't really thought that one through, but it seemed like a good idea. They couldn't leave the hammer in Clint's hands, and Thor knew that, aside from the unpredictable Hulk, only another Asgardian would have any chance of standing toe to toe with Loki.
Coulson hesitated but finally met Clint's gaze. "We need him alive. For now. Logan, can you watch that?" He nodded toward Creed. Death or no death, he was frankly more eager to see Creed suffer than Loki. Some things, it turned out, were actually more personally than attempted murder.
"I personally think they're both tempting fate anytime they speak," Steve pointed out to Bruce. And yet he missed Tony's snarky comments almost desperately. It was strange going into the fray with only half the team. It was disquieting at best.
Tony hesitated, then did as he was told, remembering in the back of his mind that he didn't really have an option. The coaxing words combined with Steve's smooth, gentle voice didn't hurt a damn bit, either. He sighed as Loki's fingers sank into tight muscles, letting his mind go slack. He tried not to let himself think about the fact that it was anyone but Steve rubbing the tension away from him. "Feels good, baby," he murmured, trying to solidify the illusion as much as possible.
Logan paused, then gave a head nod of concession. "Well, yeah, okay. There's that." He looked back to Coulson. "So, what exactly do you people think I can do against a demi god? Or is his only weakness adamantium?"
Once again, this is actually all plot. I know, we were surprised too.
Hawkeye gave his bow a shake, deploying it and scanning in the direction Logan had pointed tensely. "So, what? You're part bloodhound?"
Clint tensed at the sight of it. It made him itch to take the weapon, but fear held him back more than the cuffs.
Tony pointedly looked over his shoulder before giving Steve's ass a solid squeeze and moving closer. "My schedule's pretty open. Nobody trying to blow up the planet. I could probably just read a newspaper, play with one of my cars... nothing special. I mean, unless you had some ideas? Maybe a movie?" he suggested, acting decidedly naive but unable to affect the sort of innocence Steve was pulling off. It was kind of maddeningly sexy, the way the blonde could look so demure and yet be so damned hot between the sheets. "Might take a nap."
"I do, don't I?" Tony said, returning Steve's smile with one of his own. Without thinking twice about it, he reached out and touched Steve's hand. The gesture was more intimate than any Tony had offered before. He watched Steve carefully, gauging the other man's reaction. "There's nothing to be sorry about. You didn't do anything wrong. The heart wants what the heart wants." Tony glanced down at the glowing energy emanating from his chest, shrugged and sighed, "Only I've got this in the middle of my chest, and it pretty much dictates everything."
Clint's smile waned a little and he poked at his beer bottle. "Maybe." It seemed a little weird to invite the man in for a fuck while Nat was still being held prisoner by a god who was basically a big old bag of crazy. It felt even weirder to think of possibly having Darien around just to talk to. He glanced at Coulson. "If I do that, what're you gonna do to keep from going crazy?" It occurred to him that he really didn't even know what Coulson did in his spare time, or how he would distract himself from losing his marbles over the whole thing. //He could just be trying to get you to go home and let him get on with his life,// Clint reminded himself.
"Of course," Simmons and Fitz both agreed in concert. They shared a smile before sobering at the thought of the task ahead. "Looks like lunch break is over." Simmons tried to sound bright and cheerful, but she looked terrified too even if it was more about standing in front of Director Fury to make a presentation than it was about Tony's health and safety.
Thor retrieved his hammer from near his throne before leading them out of the room, leaving a message with the guards to ensure Bruce would rejoin them and to inform everyone of what had happened. Natasha's rundown brought a pained look to the god's face as he lead them to a more private room and bid them to sit. "You wish my help in slaying my brother," he said quietly, settling heavily on a cushioned bench.
"I'll get some things moved in and then... when you have a little time, maybe you can help me with the laptop? I know how to do some things, but I want to figure out how to look people up. Natasha said you could find pictures sometimes or just... things about them?" He'd honestly been too scared to dive too much into his own past before, but with Tony just next door it felt safer somehow.
"Hey," Tony said, reaching for the mask as if to put it back in place. He hesitated, though. "Look, don't..." He took a deep breath. He wanted to yell at Steve for being so brash, but, "You did what you needed to. What the team needed you to. I can't... I'm mad that you did it, but that's because I'm being selfish. You did the right thing." He leaned in and pressed his lips to Steve's, lingering only a moment out of fear of interfering with the man's breathing again. That much still felt like his lover, still felt normal and familiar. "We'll get through this, however we have to." He grabbed a cup with a straw from the tray and held it up for Steve to take a sip.
"Rather what I've been thinking, actually," Loki agreed, sounding surprised that they might be on the same page. "We'll give them time. Enough to think they're safe. Enough for us to find the best way to make sure they're not." Loki paced back and forth despite the way it jostled his ribs. "Coulson and the archer are first. Barton and his pet agent are trying my patience. You'd think killing the man once would be sufficient."
The sudden shock of movement jerked Scott back to consciousness too. His eyes snapped open, and he would have moved if it wasn't for the fact that a heavy body was pressed tightly against his own - was, in fact, wrapped around his own. Still bleary from sleep, Scott relaxed when he realized it was Logan next to him. His breathing slowed again, and he tried to get his eyes to focus. "What's'a matter?" His head gave a throb, a not-so-subtle reminder that he should've stopped drinking far sooner the night before.
Tony barely dared to breathe, afraid he'd whimper or gasp or make some other sound that would give away the tension he was feeling. He wasn't entirely sure of the source of said tension, but with the god so close, the answer was getting clearer, and Tony didn't like it much. He wasn't sure if it was desperation or just his tendency to act more idiotic than usual when he thought he was going to die soon, but he found himself more tempted than repulsed by the come on. "Guess I must be pretty crazy," he breathed, voice trembling as he panted softly. With that, he leaned in and pressed his lips to Loki's, his heart hammering in his chest from a mix of fear and excitement.
Bruce smiled faintly. He knew how well adapted Steve was to modern technology. Which was to say, he wasn't. Still, the man had more or less been living in Tony's lab, no doubt trying to get the suit to work. And no doubt trying to be as close to Tony's memory as he could. "If we had a little more time, I'd suggest Fitz find a way to adapt that nanotech he developed for Tony's last..." He trailed off for a moment. "His last suit," he finished quietly. Clearing his throat, he looked up. "Well, it might help Steve with the healing a little."
"Mind filling me in?" Darien ventured as he zipped himself up and used a nearby discarded shirt to wipe off his hand. There was apparently no rest for the wicked, and he felt no need to pretend to be scenery when shit was obviously going down.
Logan hadn't missed the moment of panic on Scott's face, nor the evident relief when Scott's eyes found him. He couldn't ignore the sense of responsibility that came with that. He was Scott's only anchor, his only comfort. Besides, it was oddly appealing seeing the man in his t-shirt. He glanced at the windows. "About ten hours. You needed your rest, looks like," he replied. He pointed to a fast food bag on the table. "Got you some food if you're hungry." He tilted his head toward Scott. "Then you can tell me whatever it is you're comfortable tellin' me about what happened."
Loki gave a slight shake of his head. Of course Steve was going to be the most difficult. "Things are not as you believe them to be." Suddenly he wished he'd dragged Stark out with him even if it meant putting the man in the line of fire. At least then they could see that Stark was whole and well. "You have the hammer," he nodded toward Barton, "and my brother. A fool I may be at times, but not so much that I intend to stand against you now."
It took Logan a second to recognize Hawkeye. He'd only seen the man a couple of times, and this was the first seeing him in his SHIELD gear. Still more than a little irritated at having such an intimate moment interrupted, he didn't immediately put the claws away. "This better be fucking good, Barton. Don't remember givin' you the key."
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony, his dulled senses clearing, glanced down to find that he was tied down to a metal table wearing nothing but the bandages around his healing ribs. "Well, I hope you're charging for this," he said, making light of a dire situation. "A live streaming of Tony Stark in the buff could net you millions." Tony peered at the other man, recognition sparking as the mist obscuring his thoughts cleared. "Bucky?" There was no doubt about it. Tony remembered the soldier's image from Steve's file. "Care to tell me what the hell is going on?"
"Three's a crowd, Phil," the archer replied, standing to let Nat out of the booth. He nudged Phil and gave him a grin. "Just leave me some for later, huh?" he said with a smirk. For his part, Clint planned to get a lot less sober before he thought about getting out on the floor, and then he sure as hell wasn't going to dance alone. Or in an awkward three-way circle. Once Nat had gotten out of the booth, Clint got back into it and finished off his first beer, gladly grabbing the second round and holding his bottle up to Scott before he started on it. Yes, he definitely needed this.
Steve felt utterly exhausted by the time he made it back upstairs even though it had only been a couple hours of questions, answers and strategy. By SHIELD standards, that was a walk in the park. "Tony?" he called, knocking softly on the man's door for fear of waking him if he'd finally managed to get some sleep.
"I am resting. See? Laying down," Tony pointed out, grabbing his coffee cup from the nightstand and taking a sip. "Jarvis has been keeping me briefed on everything." He shook his head. "You need to keep an eye on Barton. Guy acts like he's going off the deep end," he noted, switching his tablet over to a feed of the security camera on the hammer and flashing it at Steve. "That's interesting. I'm assuming I get to play with evil!Mjolnir, right?" Waiting for an answer, his eyes drifted over Steve's face. The man looked tired, grubby, had a cut on his lower lip and a few shreds and burn marks on his uniform... and was absolutely sexy. "I'd tell you that you look amazing right now, but I'm starting to feel like a broken record. Anything I can kiss and make better?"
“Not a problem, Cap. You alright?”
"No, I suppose nothing worse than usual," Loki agreed. He couldn't keep some humor from creeping into his expression despite the situation. He didn't know if anything apart from his skin would change, but the idea of it terrified him. It wasn't vanity so much as the idea of losing any parts of himself. Loki had learned long before that the only person he had to trust in the universe was precisely the man slowly changing before his eyes. To describe it as uncomfortable was selling things short by a great deal. "I don't think that frost giants eat people if that's any comfort to you. Your virtue may still be in peril, but I think your vital organs should rest easy."
Hulk flung a few more guards into a pillar, stomping at another group as they tried to get out of his way and leaving a good dent in the stonework floor. He caught another guard by the ankle and used him to as a weapon to knock over another half dozen armored figures. Hulk had managed to swing the man at the floor a few times before a shout rang out. "Puny gods!"
Steve didn't trust himself to speak for a laundry list of reasons in that moment. "I... they pulled me out of the room. I didn't know that..." The dark implications of it hit him. Drugged or not, Tony definitely hadn't been in a position to say yes. Sinking down to sit beside Tony on the couch, Steve took the man's hand gently. It hurt to think the next words he needed to say, let alone speak them. "He raped you. And then I went on like everything was fine." Suddenly Tony's cold shoulder made perfect sense. "I can't... I can't blame Bucky for what happened, but please believe that I would never, ever ignore you when you need me. When you wouldn't see me... I didn't know why." A new layer of guilt settled on his shoulders as Steve stroked his hand. "I just knew how much I wanted to be here with you."
"I'll be in the lab tomorrow watching the readouts and relaying any relevant information to the people calling the shots," Jemma agreed. She happily edged in against Bruce as they walked. He smelled like chocolate and soap, and she couldn't help but smile at the combination. "The suit should help cover for anything that isn't back to normal yet. He may not be able to heal like usual, but with the suit as an extra layer of protection and Jarvis assisting him with the controls, he should be able to avoid taking any hits to begin with. Ideally."
Coulson sheathed the taser at once and moved to the man’s side. He was damn good at reading people. Even Natasha could only fool him about half the time. Barnes wasn’t faking it. He put a hand on the man’s shoulder. “Breathe. Slow in, slow out. Can you stand up? I’d like to help you to the infirmary now.” Even if Bucky attacked him again, Coulson knew it was vitally important to get him treatment. For all he knew physical pain was as good a trigger as anger. He didn’t particularly want to find out. “We need to get you looked at.”
"I'm gonna," Logan affirmed, pressing Scott hard against the sheet rock. He was pretty sure he didn't have the patience to walk the five steps to the bed, anyway. He shifted back just far enough to get his fly unzipped before returning his attention to Scott once more, hooking his hands under the man's knees and pulling them up to let Scott wrap his legs around Logan's waist. He nipped at Scott's throat and gruffly whispered, "Need you."
Bruce was on his feet, a look of terror in his eyes. "Absolutely not. Tony, that's - "
"Hush. It will be fine," Jemma snapped, ending the discussion with a well-aimed glare. "Loki seems as if he's on his best behavior, and I'm sure he won't give us any more trouble than we're used to. I suspect Stark is a more dangerous patient, really, considering he runs the computer systems."
Fury gave Tony 'The Look'. "He's being put to use where he's most needed."
Scott didn't bother replying. He agreed with the sentiment, harsh as it was, and he frankly didn't want to think anymore about it. He wanted to snuggle up to Logan, watch the movie, and pretend that the outside world wasn't even there. Slowly the day began to fall from his shoulders. Tony was safe. Loki was being watched by Thor. Creed was in lock up. At least relatively speaking, they were safe. Scott closed his eyes to enjoy that thought. When he opened them, Scott felt better. He slumped bonelessly against Logan and let his arms wrap comfortably around the man's waist. For the moment the two of them were the only thing that really mattered.
"You've just got to make... this difficult... don't you, Rogers?" Tony barely managed to tease. "How am I... supposed to get better... being distracted... by that handsome face of yours?" A faint grin quirked his lips, but he found even that simple action painful. His mind was filled with the possible candidates who wanted him dead. It had obviously been an assassination attempt, or at the very least, a message, but the purpose remained a mystery. "You know... whoever did this... could try again. I want you... to be careful."
"The Man of Iron?" The god looked on the verge of tears as Logan nodded. "You have mourned him?"
The god looked at Logan, and his brow furrowed. "I am afraid I do not know you, friend."
"Jarvis is pretty handy," Logan had to admit. "And no need for a closet. One pair o' shoes, and if it needs a hanger, it won't survive me usin' it, anyway." He grinned, digging into his hot wings and taking another swig of beer. "All I need's a bed and a drawer. Though I ain't above livin' outta my duffel bag, either. Toilet and microwave's nice to have, too."
"Thanks for the plane," Steve said simply as they boarded. He strapped Tony into a stretcher along the center aisle carefully before taking a seat. "We'll be home soon." Once again Loki had gotten the jump on them, and two of his team were missing and his boyfriend was bleeding on the floor of the plane. Steve honestly hated being strapped in when he would have preferred to sit on the floor holding the man's hand, but there was no point not setting a good example when he couldn't do anything for Tony until they were back anyway. "Have a doctor and some blood ready for Tony."
Phil breathed carefully in and out through his nose. He wasn't going to think about it. He wasn't going to picture it. He definitely was not going to- He forced his grip on the wheel to ease, shoulders remaining immobile, relaxed. "That sounds like a good plan," Phil managed to answer in a tone so cool it was almost icy. It actually sounded horrible because he wasn't going to be able to stop thinking about it, but there was no getting around that part. The tower loomed, and Phil pulled gratefully into the darkness of the garage. "Have fun."
Bruce smiled, glancing at Jemma. "We've got something, right?"
Clint trembled a little as Phil seemed to come back to himself. The archer was likely tougher than Phil in a fight, but when it came to holding together emotionally, his handler was the strong one. Phil was the one that kept his cool when missions went to shit. Clint only kept his cool when he absolutely had to. With Phil seemingly having collected himself, Clint buried his face in the man's chest, shaking all over. "Don't. Don't do that again. Not for me. It's not fair, dammit. I don't want him hurting you to be my fault," he said as tears finally spilled over. He knew Phil had meant well, but Clint would have rather been in Phil's place than left tied up to watch it happen to someone so dear to him.
Natasha didn't even blink. "I love the cold."
He didn't wait to see if someone would change their mind. Tony got back to his room as quickly as was dignified. Maybe even a little undignified, since he was sure he probably half-jogged when he thought no one was looking. He quickly ducked into his suite, eyes casting about for Steve. "Honey? I'm home," he called casually, though not immediately seeing Steve made him nervous. Considering all the health problems the man had, Tony couldn't help but think- //No, no don't start that. Jarvis would tell you immediately if something was wrong.//
"Barton." Phil's voice sounded sharper than he'd intended, but he was barely keeping himself from calling Clint an idiot in front of a half dozen junior agents as it was. "My office. Now."
"Tell the team I'm sorry I wasn't there." Natasha slumped forward, elbows braced on her knees. "I hate feeling useless."
"Why Captain Rogers, you really are a gentleman, aren't you?" Good natured mirth danced in Tony's warm eyes as he smiled at Steve. They climbed off of the couch and headed out with some reluctance.  He gave Steve a gentle nudge before linking their arms together. "Lead on."
Scott absolutely hated the idea. He hated it more than he knew how to say. He hated everything about the thought of Logan being locked up in a SHIELD cell because of Loki. It felt like giving the god what he wanted, but Scott couldn't help but agree that it was the best way to mitigate the potential damage. "Fine, then I'm going with you. They'll want someone to keep an eye on you. I don't have clearance to go out on missions yet anyway until I go through a psych eval. I might as well watch you."
"I'll take care of the paperwork," Coulson said with a wave of his hand to dismiss the silent concern. "Cap, can you report to Fury? Barton, make sure Summers is okay."
In a move that was probably a little crazy even for him, Tony lunged forward, caught Logan by the collar of his leather jacket, and planted one of his best kisses on the man's lips, ignoring the now-familiar 'snikt' of Logan's claws. He felt powerful hands grip his waist, clearly intent on pushing him away.
“As soon as everything’s cleared out of your system,” Steve agreed with a solemn nod. “Natasha said maybe tonight.” He was trying not to be annoyed that Natasha had suddenly become the point person when it came to all things Tony. After everything, Steve knew that keeping his distance might be most comfortable for awhile, but it was hard. He wanted to know that Tony was okay, and he wanted to make up for failing to protect him the first time around. “I guess I should probably let you get some rest, I just...” Steve faltered and finally shrugged, “I just wanted to see you.” He cleared his throat and stood. “Do you need anything?”
Coulson would have loved to disagree with her. He would have loved to say that Natasha was being overzealous or taking things too personally, but she wasn't. His own feelings aside, the facts supported every last word. "It's the best we've got. Stark, Banner, work with Fitz-Simmons. We need a way to take him out or at the very least permanently neutralize him."
Clint lifted his head, soulful blue eyes rising to search Phil's face. "I had no idea," he said quietly. If Nat had known, she hadn't said anything, and Clint doubted that she would have known something that major and not told him. "I'm sorry. I mean, I know that's... not much, but... I am." He was quiet a moment, then sat up more and put his arm around the other man's shoulders. "Did you tell anybody?" That was a big burden to bear, and even bigger if Phil hadn't told anyone. Clint didn't know or care if his parents were alive or dead, but he knew that that was something major for most people.
"I believe you started that," Loki answered, staring for a moment longer at his hands and then looking back to Stark. "Unless you count the zoo, but if you recall, I didn't kill anyone there. I simply borrowed one or two of your friends and then returned them. Then I went to reclaim something that was rightfully mine. I should have a world to command, but apparently one needs silly weapons to prove a capability to rule in Asgard. Competence and study count for very little among my adoptive family."
Tony felt goosebumps erupt on his skin at the grip on his hair. Steve was being gentle but forceful, and it was the kind of interaction Tony had been craving for a long while. His pulse hammering in his ears, Tony tugged Steve's underwear out of the way and ran his tongue over the head of the man's swelling cock. The smaller man moaned softly at the taste of his partner on his tongue, his hands moving to rest on Steve's thighs and his fingertips curling against solid muscle.
"Ready," Steve answered even though he was anything but. He felt oddly exposed wearing slacks and a button down and standing next to Tony in his suit. It was also comforting, though, knowing that the man was protected. Tony was as safe as he could be given the situation. "I feel like I should make a side trip to remind Fitz that if the nanobots don't work, I'm still more than capable of breaking his arm. That doesn't seem particularly polite, though." He sighed and half-smiled at Tony. They couldn't afford to be too serious. He couldn't break down crying every time there was silence on the line during the fight. It was time to shut that down until the right time came to process everything. In front of the team, he needed to be strong even if he wasn't their leader for now. He still intended to stand beside Tony for every last second afforded them.
Logan looked at the armor with more curiosity than anything. It was interesting to note that Stark had left the suit for Rogers. It was strange to see something coming to fruition that Tony had started just before his death. "You look pretty beat up," he noted as he took in the split on the blonde's lip. "Think you oughta take a break? You know Coulson and Barton are back, right?" It didn't seem as if Steve had really left the lab since the team had left the planet. "You could eat and see how they're doin'."
"Put to use? You make it sound like you're telling a god what to do." Bruce, unobtrusive as ever, padded into the room with another file in hand. Fury's response was another dubious stare, and Banner rolled his eyes and sighed, putting his file down on the podium. "Agent Coulson, I think you skipped my file. I get it. It was a little complicated." Trying not to look put-out, Bruce addressed the assembled Avengers. "We're seeing spikes in radiation similar to when the Tesseract was floating around out there. Thor's confirmed that it's still under lock and key, so - "
"Did I leave Pepper for Captain America?" Tony interrupted. "No. And not for anyone else, either."
"Uh... Yes... sir..."
"By which he means more or less impossible. You can't profile what's not there," Tony added, moving to stand and grab something only to be shoved back into his chair by Steve. He gave the other man an exasperated look before wheeling himself over two feet and grabbing another tablet off the table. "It's like the energetic equivalent of a black hole."
It was the last response Tony had expected, but he hesitated only a moment before wrapping his arms around Steve. He felt a little odd, holding someone so much bigger against him and trying to offer comfort, but that was well overridden by his own wave of relief. Steve didn't hate him. Well, he hadn't said as much, but the fact that the man was crying against his chest rather than running away or breaking his nose said enough. "It's okay, baby," he murmured, unsure of what else to say. "It... I'm here, and you're all I want."
"Only when you're not talking." The retort came quickly and easily, and for that Coulson was grateful. If he'd given himself a chance to think, to blush, to get flustered, Clint would have smelled the strangeness a mile away. It was better to play things as cool as possible. Phil was still trying to put as much as possible of his energy into not thinking about Natasha, and he tried to chalk his sudden obsession with leering at Clint to that. His brain needed distraction. Clint was an excellent distraction. Full stop. "So not often, but... you have your moments."
A short drive downtown had them in front of a nice Italian place. Tony left his keys with the valet and lead them inside. It was one of his favorites as far as real restaurants went, and low profile enough that people wouldn't expect him there. He breathed a sigh of relief as they settled at their table. "Well... I haven't had a flash in the face yet. We're doing pretty well, looks like."
Steve couldn't help but linger close to Tony as they got their food. The casual contact of elbows bumping and arms brushing together comforted him. It reminded him that Tony was there. "Would anyone mind if I stayed down here for awhile this afternoon? I brought my sketchbook."
Though Steve deflated slightly at the news, he understood. Heart pounding, he pulled up the report and scanned it once he was free of the suit. They hadn't seen Loki. They hadn't seen anything that let them know where they were. The man sighed and slumped into a nearby chair. He'd hoped for more, but immediately felt guilty for that. Phil and Clint were alive and at least well enough to file a report, and that was a lot. That was enough. It had to be. They’d find a way to run a trace or track the transportation, and then they could close in. Hope wasn’t lost.
Bruce couldn't help shooting Simmons a mischievous grin before lunging forward and giving Fitz a big bear hug. Stepping back, he clapped Fitz on the shoulder and grinned. "I hear you two are the brilliant ones. Let's see what you've done." He pulled up the files on the work they'd done, putting his glasses on as he looked them over. "This really is amazing." He glanced at Simmons. "You're the biologist, so I'm guessing you did most of this? It's incredible." He smirked. "Few more years, and you're going to make me look like a solid idiot."
Bruce nodded, taking another bite of the muffin. "Really is good, y'know," he muttered, trying to focus on enjoying the present moment. Things were going to turn ugly soon enough. "We did do the best we could with what we knew, I suppose." He gave Jemma's hand another squeeze and a genuine smile. "Thank you. For not letting me kick myself too much, I mean."
Tony realized he had probably pushed Steve a little too far. The playful banter had segued into something more serious than he'd intended. His smile became more understanding but no less charming. "It's no big deal. Really it's not." Getting on his feet, Tony strolled over to a tray of drinks and poured both himself and Steve something to take the sudden edge off the evening. "You'll find somebody special, fall in love and live happily ever after. Happens every day." He passed a drink to his guest before sinking back down on the couch beside him. "In the meantime, why don't you crash here tonight? I've got this great big place all to myself. Be nice to have some company for a change."
Logan opened his mouth as if to answer, then subsided. He glanced at Scott. He knew there was something more than what he was being told. Barton's presence made that much obvious. "You oughta know that archer buddy wouldn't have any better chance o' stoppin' me than you would," he growled, then moved toward the door. He gave Scott a quick glance. "I'll get back to you on dinner. Not feelin' real hungry right now."
Loki's expression sobered, and he studied the man's face. Though the words were at least partly mocking, that was simply Stark's way, he had come to realize. The mortal rarely said ten words in a row that didn't involve some sort of dig. It wasn't unwarranted, and thus it wasn't very troubling. "And what if I have one? If they get my brother back - and I find myself doubting that there's any other outcome - then I know the path that they will choose." There was no real warmth in the smile that lit Loki's face. "And I'm the only person who can fix the problems that it will cause."
Logan could sense that both men were nearing their mutual ends, and the anticipation made the feral mutant's pulse pound a little faster. Soon, he'd have what he wanted; soon, he'd be able to drag Steve down to the mattress and fuck him with all the animal passion that he usually restrained.
It was hotter than he'd expected sitting on a bench in plain sight with Logan more or less fucking his mouth. Scott was breathless inside of sixty seconds and ready to climb onto Logan's lap like by minute two. He broke the kiss with a groan and settled twitching fingers on Logan's face. "You do absolutely horrific things to my self control. I really, really like that about you."
Victor smirked, his hand running over Phil's exposed chest. He paused a moment to shrug off his long coat, leaving him in a black shirt and jeans. "You've got a lot of guts for such a little shit. Lot of spirit." His claws ripped through the back of Phil's shirt, leaving the tatters of it hanging from the agent's arms. "It's gonna be fun to break you," he growled, pressing close to Phil, grinding himself against the man's ass.
The young woman blushed more furiously at that than she had at the compliment to her looks earlier in the evening. The truth was that what was under the surface had always been far more interesting to her. "I was recruited, contacted by an agent and, after a great many interviews... well, it was Fitz and I together, really. We're the youngest people to graduate the SHIELD Science Academy, which, as it turns out, is prestigious and rather time consuming. What about you? What convinced you to sign on?"
"Oh, I think you'll be fine," Tony replied with one of those smirks that said he was definitely up to something. "Shall we?" Again without waiting for a response, Tony moved for the door, and the bouncer standing guard moved the velvet rope aside and waved the three of them in.
Tony glanced back at Loki for a moment as if trying to reassure himself that he wasn't losing his mind. The god still looked miserable, broken, everything but dangerous, really, which wasn’t the same as him being safe. His gaze drifted back to Steve. "He's a cocky, self-centered asshole that doesn't play well with others, and he's smarter than the average person on his planet." He raised an eyebrow and smirked faintly. "Sound familiar?"
He blinked, obviously not understanding in the slightest what the problem was until she repeated the process. "Oh. Ohhh. I mean, well, the gun did what we intended is what I should have said," he hurriedly explained, his accent sounding thicker with the sudden discomfort as he tried to verbally recover. "Uh, it performed... I mean it... people aren't in cells anymore, yeah?"
Tony gave Steve an amused look, assuming he was joking. "Yeah, I'm sure SHIELD could get behind that. 'Impulsive, problems with authority...' Some other not nice things. I think they said I don't play well with others. And I can just imagine trying to get Barton to do what I tell him to," he pointed out as he went back to mixing pancakes. "Maybe we could talk Bruce into it. If I can ever get him to talk to me again."
Tony tensed in spite if his best efforts to try and stay calm. The words were oddly calm, almost seemed like more of an offer than a demand, though Tony hesitated to let himself buy into that idea just yet. While sleep would certainly be welcome, Loki wasn't quite what he'd had in mind for the sex part. "Well, I could use a nap, at some point." He knew it was, of course, all in Loki's hands. He couldn't say no, so he didn't directly.
Clint grinned broadly, feeling a little proud of himself. "I do aim to please," he said, tucking in and zipping his pants back up. He could sense Phil's awkwardness, and he looked over at the man, patting him on the shoulder. "Don't get uptight, boss," he said with an easy grin. "I'm not gonna get all clingy and weird on you. Or go to Fury and ask for a new handler. It was fun. Might even be fun again," he added with a wink. He couldn't quite dismiss the nagging sense that those weren't likely to be Phil's concerns, but pushed it away. He wasn't Phil's type. Sure, maybe he was spank bank material, but Clint doubted that Phil would want anything more. And Clint didn't. Couldn't.
“It means that as soon as they’re willing to let you go, Agent Coulson will get you back to the suite. I don’t want you stuck in here.” What had happened to Bucky wasn’t his fault, and even if the suite wasn’t exactly freedom, Steve wanted Bucky to at least feel comfortable. “This whole thing, it’s gonna take a lot of getting used to for everybody, but we’re going to figure it out. You’re still my best friend.” Seeing him shaky and uncertain disturbed Steve. Bucky had always been the most solid, stable person in his life. “You’re used to fixing everything for everybody, but right now you’re the one who needs help. Let us take care of you.”
Coulson was the one who gave in and explained, "And it uses cellular energy to power the... the whatever the hell it does. It uses life force."
"You're an angel. A goddess, maybe. Well, you would be if those things were real." Fitz snatched up a cup of coffee and one of the blueberry muffins before scurrying back to his station.
Tony took the bottle, unable to articulate just how much of a turn on the whole moment was. Not only was Steve yet again talking frankly about fucking him in that perfectly hot bedroom rasp of his, but he'd obviously planned the whole evening for Tony to bend him over the couch. Once blood flow slightly improved in his brain, he managed, "You realize, of course, I hate being handed things." In reality, though, he'd barely registered even taking the bottle of lube from Steve's hand. "I think I'll let it slide, since you're a hot blonde," he decided, palming some of the lube and stroking slick fingers up Steve's asscrack teasingly. His other hand pressed lightly against the small of Steve's back as if to hold him in place. "So I guess you want this pretty badly, hm?" he asked casually.
"Don't. Don't do that. You deserve it," Phil said earnestly. "It's kind of nice having something not horrible happening right now."
Scott looked up at Logan at last and swallowed hard before admitting, "It didn't take long once we got to the first checkpoint. They did an exam. They did it with everyone to check out the merchandise, find out what kind of shape we were in. It was horrible and humiliating, but... but apparently being a virgin - so to speak anyway - is worth something." It hadn't made things good, but Scott knew he had survived without a lot of the "testing" that many of the others had gone through. They wanted to get the biggest bang for their buck. "When no one came after a week... two weeks... I just... I didn't think anyone would."
When Tony returned to Steve's room, he had changed into a fresh black T-shirt and a pair of sleep pants. He stepped inside and his gaze settled on the other man, deciding quickly that he had probably teased Steve enough for one day. Although Cap was an easy target, Tony found his naivete charming, and the two of them seemed to get along rather well when they weren't disagreeing. His eyes moved over Steve, taking in the way his borrowed clothes clung to his body. Tony felt a sharp rush of arousal at the enticing sight, and he once again found himself surprised over the effect Steve had on him. "Getting settled in?" he asked, crossing his arms and leaning against the door frame. "I hope you're gonna be happy here with me."
"We've dealt with worse." Carefully Coulson pushed himself up to stand again. It hurt like hell, but he was at least starting to feel more in control of himself if not the situation. "I know I can't exactly ask you to step into the next room, but I need to get cleaned up." And assess the damage as best he could, but that didn't really need to be said when he didn't really want to think about it. He waited until Clint got the hint before making his way over to the sink. The discarded shreds of his shirt were useful for the process, at least. There wasn't as much blood as he'd worried there would be but more than enough to bring up fears of things like infection in addition to the pain that would almost certainly get worse before it got better. He didn't feel better by the time he made his way back over to Clint, but at least he felt cleaner. Leaning back against the wall, he reached for Clint's hand. "I think I'll live."
"No," Bucky said with an emphatic shake of his head. "I want to try the injection." If he did not conquer whatever was triggering these episodes, he would remain in his own personal hell forever. "Besides, I doubt pills would have any effect on me." That was an understatement; Bucky was convinced nothing short of an elephant tranquilizer would have any sort of effect on him.
Scott sagged and let his whole body sag. His nerves were frayed, and he was exhausted, but he also felt an odd sense of relief being close to Logan. Eventually Scott talked himself into showering, then pulled a chair up next to the bed and sank down into it. As much as he wanted to curl up around Logan and hold him, he knew better. The man wasn't likely to wake up calm. Besides, it felt like an invasion considering Logan didn't yet know what he'd done with Clint. There was a damn good chance that he'd walk out the second he could get on his feet, and Scott couldn't really blame him.
Clint fought to keep his breathing level. "What if... What if I only used it the once? Just killed Loki with it, then we put it back in the Fridge and I never see it again?" he asked tensely, sounding desperate.
“We’ll see. This dose was formulated by Dr. Banner, so I’m willing to wager it will pack a punch.” Despite Bucky being calmer, Coulson still approached carefully. He made sure that the man knew where he was and what he was doing each step of the way until he was able to carefully slip the needle beneath the Bucky’s skin. He breathed a sigh of relief when the transaction went off without a hitch. “There we go. Would you like me to stay until you’re out?”
Simmons' smile brightened again at once. "I'm going to hold you to that, Captain."
"Then we will destroy them and retrieve our friend," Thor said as if it were the simplest thing in the world. Having never been one to wait around, the thunder god was ready to take action. As the images on the screen progressed, it was abundantly clear what Tony's torturer intended to do. Thor grasped Steve's arm and started to pull the other man away. "Watching will do no good," he said with a surprisingly gentle tone. "Instead, we should make ourselves ready."
Darien gave up on restraint and groaned as he sped up his strokes. It only took a few more before he came hard over his own hand while watching Clint's leather-bound ass slamming forward into Natasha's willing body.
The sincerity in Logan's gaze was enough to make Scott regret withdrawing. Instead he let the alcohol thrum through him and actually smiled. "S'okay. I owe you one. For getting me. For letting me crash in your bed. For the beer." Scott found himself smiling more broadly. "It's starting to feel like we're actually friends." He was overcome by a strange affection at the realization and looked down at the bottle. He wasn't sure quite how to handle it or what to say to Logan. He'd made things more awkward than they had to be all on his own. "Tell you what, I promise I'll stop talking about picking up guys if you stop worrying about me almost getting my dumb ass killed."
"Yeah. It's kind of disappointing that I get winded carrying lunch in," Steve sighed. He wanted to be able to do it all, but it seemed he'd have to get used to being able to do a bare minimum at least for awhile. "But, hey, building that muscle back up." He rolled his eyes and grabbed himself some food before settling into a seat next to Tony. He shared a smile and a quick kiss with his lover before addressing the group more widely. "You guys having any luck?"
"What, no hellos for me?" Natasha watched the god, hoping to see a shimmer or a flicker or any other telltale sign that there were chinks in his virtual armor. "I'm hurt."
"Peter," Steve interrupted, "we don't-"
Steve covered his face with one hand, his ears going bright red. "You're not going to get a chance to kill him, Thor," he growled. "I'm going to do it first."
Tony shifted uneasily on his feet. "Gradually? That sounds unpleasant."
The flames lit the horizon behind her as she drove away, on eye on the hypnotizing glow in her rearview mirror, and the other on her dashboard's digital clock.
Still… she had planned to beat Sin to a pulp, her and Doom both, and make them stew humiliatingly in a jail cell, preferably one with nasty energy forcefields and ugly orange jumpsuits that would clash hideously with Sin’s red hair and Doom’s sense of dignity.
"Hank thinks she didn't intend to kill him," Steve said, leaning into Tony's touch. "Sin is insane, but she's not incompetent; if she had wanted him dead tonight there would have been something more immediately lethal on that knife blade."
Carol smiled grimly at Doom, stopping just short of arm's reach — his reach, not hers.
Pepper looked up from her hands, catching and holding Steve's eyes. "Hurt him," she said, "and I'll make you pay."
Luke and Jessica  dropped back into their seats as the band started playing a new song.   Jessica Drew raised her eyebrows at them, and indicated Cap and Tony  with her chin.
Steve didn't need to ask what things. "I would be more worried if you were handling it all perfectly." They had lost so many people… Clint, Vision, Scott, Wanda… The team had been the only family Steve had, with the exception of Sam, and he knew it had been the same for Tony.
He wasn't entirely sure what woke him; maybe Tony had moved slightly, or made some noise. Whatever it was, it jolted Steve out of a sound sleep. He blinked, trying to wake himself up enough to figure out what was happening. Beside him, Tony made a small, distressed sound.
moved on.
Inside, the chaos magic that had been only faintly detectable from the street was a swirling miasma, almost visible. It seemed to envelope her as she walked closer to the high altar, seeping into every pore of her body. Unlike Chthon's power, it felt clean, pure.
It was all right to miss those while still being glad the rest of it was over, wasn't it?
Tony steeled himself inwardly as he, Steve, and Jan climbed the steps, almost wishing he'd worn his armor. The last time he'd seen Wanda, she had been completely beyond reasoning with, beyond help. And the Avengers had just let Strange hand her over to Magneto, nearly causing the end of the world through their carelessness.
Which brought her back to her real reason for coming down here. "I saw Atlas knock you flying," she said, "before you started using your powers. Are you all right?"
"They're not," Steve said, meeting Sam's eyes and seeing by the look in them that his next words weren't necessary. He said them anyway. "She's not working alone."
The pristine black and white tiles of the floor, handmade by a company in Brooklyn that reproduced 1920s-style ceramics, were smeared with mud from Barnes and Sharon's boots now, and the new-paint smell in the air had been drowned out by the scent of blood. They'd have to clean the entire place before the construction crew returned tomorrow morning.
Between Hank, Tony, and Wanda, they had enough unstable people in the house without adding evil chaos magic that spoke to people in their heads to the mix.
It was as if he tried to throw himself against a brick wall. Chthon's snarl of rage rang through his head, and the whispering rose to an eerie almost-scream that blocked out all other sound.
It was the sight of his blood that had upset Tony so much in the first place. Walking up to him looking like he'd just been in a fistfight probably wouldn't have been a good idea.
He didn't sleep well on his own, not after four months of sharing a bed.
The words made no sense, the rushing sound in his ears turning them into meaningless, barely audible noise. The edges of his vision were blurred and grey, and suddenly he was in the hallway, leaning against the wall and trying to keep his hands from shaking, not entirely certain how he'd gotten there.
"I should give this back to Bucky," he said, carefully working it free from its spot between a Terry Pratchett novel and a leather bound copy of
His own vague feeling of affront must have shown on his face – or maybe Thor’s did – because Hank grimaced and elaborated.
Or maybe her ill-luck powers were interfering in an even simpler way: why had she and Strange, with all the power and knowledge at Strange's disposal, been unable to break the curse that kept Tony trapped in a female body? What if the nature of her magic - chaos based, just like Loki's - was actually feeding the curse somehow instead of weakening it?
“I know,” Hank muttered.  “I hate my life.”
"What flirting?" Tony frowned, suddenly hyper-aware of Rhodey's hand against the bare skin of his back again. Rhodey had always been tall, muscular, strong - like Steve, the pathetic part of his mind that could never seem to get over
"There's nothing he could have done here that a fireman couldn't do better." Steve didn't have any powers, beyond the heightened endurance and flexibility granted by the supersoldier serum, and he didn't have Tony's engineering knowledge, either. What he did have was a lifetime of combat experience.
Tony closed his eyes for a moment, long lashes dark against his skin. His hands were curled into fists. "Do you think I didn't
"I mean pregnant. Bearing your spawn pregnant." Tony looked away, his shoulders visibly shaking. "I can't do this, Steve. I can't. Not having a dick is bad enough. My body's not supposed to
The warehouse was lit only by the grey, early-morning light that filtered through its dust-streaked windows. The old building was in the process of being converted into expensive loft apartments, but the ninteenth century core of the structure was still visible in the thick brick walls and the windows' arched tops.
"Offer them a bonus if they're done by the end of the day," Tony said. "Tell them Mr. Stark is paying for it."
"Actually, yes. I talked to Sharon." Steve wasn't sure if rudely shouting at your ex-girlfriend in an attempt to get her angry enough to go away and leave you alone counted as talking, but he'd bet money it was more than Tony had done, and anyway, he
"No," Thor said firmly. "It is my decision. And I have already decided that my answer is no."
"You shouldn't have used the energy weapon on me," Carol told him, smiling even more widely at him.  "Big mistake."
Hank put the screwdriver down and turned to face Tony and Wanda; he wasn't smiling, exactly, but there was a sort of rueful amusement on his face. "I still don't know what Steve thought he was doing. I mean, I know Jan was still angry at me, and I can't really blame her, but..."
It was probably an unnecessary risk.  Wanda was tired, shaken, and SHIELD had to have magic workers on call somewhere.
"Well, you weren't," Rhodey pointed out, without malice. "I'm not sure anyone is. I bet Indres led, too." His hand on Tony's back was big, warm - like Steve's hand might have been. Tony concentrated on that, and not on his instinctive desire to flinch at the mention of Indres' name.
Steve was tempted to agree with her – surely even the Red Skull only got so many opportunities to cheat death – but there had been those last few moments before his second, final death when Lukin had been in control of his body again. Had approaching death given him the strength to seize control from Red Skull one last time, or had Red Skull already been gone? It was a question that had haunted Steve, at first, but as the summer had passed without any sign that Red Skull's death had been anything other than permanent, he had let himself relax, let himself believe, finally, that the Red Skull was truly dead and gone.
Don looked up again, glanced at Clint's outstretched hand, and pointedly tucked the piece of paper into his shirt pocket. "It's not either of our business."
Steve had already taken off his cowl, as soon as he and Tony had gotten inside the warehouse. Now he pulled off his boots and gloves, then tugged the scale-mail tunic of his costume over his head. Leather as tight as his costume was impossible to get out of when it was wet. He dropped everything on the floor and opened the shower door, stepping into the hot spray to kneel in front of Tony.
Rhodey looked up, raised an eyebrow at Steve, and shook his head slightly, frustration visible in the set of his face for a moment. "You know, I wouldn't expect you of all people to have any issues with superheroes getting government training."
Hank shook his head.  "I don't know."  He leaned his head backward against the brick wall and sighed.  "I don't know," he repeated.  "I don't know what happened to any of them."
"That fragile mortal shell you insist on donning is just too tempting." Her smile was no doubt meant to be flirtatious, and so it might have been had it not revealed the merest hint of pointed canines.
Nothing to declare, of course, because she hadn't brought any luggage beyond the carry-on bag. Mindless tools didn't need extra changes of clothing. Was she here for business or pleasure? Oh, pleasure, definitely. Just a brief sight-seeing trip. She had been looking forward to it for a very long time. Did he think she should visit the Empire State Building first, or the Metropolitan Museum of Art? She had never been to the British Museum, and she had heard that the Metropolitan's Egyptian collection was surpassed only by the British Museum and the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.
For a terrorist group or ordinary criminal or even most other supervillains, but not for Victor von Doom.  "That's too pedestrian for Doom," Tony told him.  "He'd insist on something with more flair."
She couldn't concentrate well enough for a complicated spell, but a simple hex sphere could pull the heavy curtains down over Agatha's head, knock the candles over... open flame had such a high probability of starting fires. "Agatha, this isn't really you! You're stronger than this, better than this. You can fight him. You don't have to be Chthon's puppet." Agatha was a good woman. She had taught Wanda nearly everything she knew about magic, had saved her from Immortus, from the instability of her own powers. Surely she had to retain some free will, or she would have stood aside and let Immortus take Wanda.
t-shirts and jeans.
"I don't want to think about where the mass went." Tony waved a hand dismissively. "The more I think about it, the less sense it makes."
"I'm afraid we're not dealing with potential at the moment." Strange raised an eyebrow at Tony. "You truly don't know, do you?"
"Yeah, I'll think about it," Rhodes said, in a tone of voice that implied that he had already dismissed the idea.
"She vanished when Sin and her men did.  I don't think she and Hank were hurt, at least not too badly, but..."  Sam didn't finish.  The fact that they probably wouldn't stay that way for long in Sin's hands was too obvious to need to be said.
Hank looked almost as miserable as Don felt, so Don wasn't surprised when Jan spoke up.
"Primarily on your heart," she said, because it was always his heart, no matter how many times he thought he'd found a way to fix it, "which was damaged when the Mandarin electrocuted you. And when you were poisoned two months ago. And I doubt it helped when you were electrocuted by that other supervillain last month, either." She rubbed at her scarred cheek with one hand, grimacing. "Under normal conditions, the damage should be completely healed by now, with no sign that an injury ever occurred. Instead, they've healed incompletely, leaving small amounts of myocardial scar tissue, because what healing factor you have left is too busy trying to keep up with what you've been doing to yourself to finish the job. The headaches, the dizziness, the shortness of breath are all warning signs, Tony. They're your body saying 'screw this, I've had enough.' Congratulations; you've managed to turn what was supposed to be my cancer-curing masterpiece into a health-destroying cyberpunk wet dream."
And while the Avengers might present a united front to supervillains and to the media, under the surface, the damage done during the fight over Registration still lingered.
"Transian," Wanda corrected automatically. "It's a dialect of Rumanian." Technically speaking, anyway. The dialect spoken around Mount Wungadore bore about as much similarity to standard Rumanian as Portuguese did to Spanish. "I'm very out of practice with English," she continued, offering the flight attendant an apologetic smile. "I haven't spoken it in months."
He was right; the dishtowel didn't take all the make-up off. Steve was right, too, though; it did remove most of it.
"Well," She-Hulk said, "I can see that the next couple of days are going to be fun."
Sometimes, she almost hoped they hadn't been. Hoped they'd only been her imagination and will manifesting itself through her powers, the way Agatha had claimed, without a reality of their own - if they weren't real, that meant they wouldn't have suffered when Mephisto had taken them.
There was a murmur of sound from the hallway outside – the building was a warren of little hallways and rooms, thin, pasteboard walls partitioning up what had once been either a warehouse or a factory floor – and Wanda lifted her hands, calling her power to her and trying not to notice that the energy she could feel welling up inside her was less intense than it had been before. Even constrained by her new wards, she had more than enough power behind her hexes to take care of anyone unfriendly about to walk through the exam room's door.
Carol folded her own arms, realized she was mirroring Wanda's body language, and unfolded them. "Lots of us have had our choices taken away," she said. "Most of us didn't kill people over it, or try to destroy the world." At the words, all of the anger she had felt at the time came back. The paperback she'd guiltily set back down on the coffee table stood out with painful clarity, the garish cover shouting the title in bright, block letters. Vision had died, if not precisely by Wanda's hands, then through her magic, and now she was sitting right there in the very building she'd destroyed, reading his favorite book. There was something obscene about it, and Carol felt a sudden urge to snatch the book away and take it back to LA with her, to give it to Simon, who had far more right to Vision's memory than the person responsible for his death.
Layton, of course, was still frowning. Tony had never seen him do anything
Steve skidded to a halt at the base of the Metropolitan Museum's front steps, where a cordon of police officers had blocked off access. Three of them were standing in a huddle around Tony, while the rest of the Avengers stood impatiently a few feet away.
And Chthon would be able to take advantage of that.
"No," Steve said, fighting the urge to grit his teeth. "You didn't." The charge in Tony's artificial heart was only keeping him alive. Hardly worth mentioning at all.
"War Machine, Ms. Marvel," Steve said into his commlink, "The Falcon and I are coming up. Keep everyone contained on the top floor until we get there. If there's anyone who needs immediate medical attention, one of you can take them down to the paramedics by air."
To remove the spear from its hiding place and fully access its powers, he would need to possess a human host, and with Wanda sealed away from him, few humans were left who would be suitable for such a task. Even fewer of those would be likely to walk into St. Margaret's.
Steve smiled a little. "Honestly, I always thought Tony was, too."
She probably would have said something in response to that, but Clint didn't stay to hear what it was. He didn't actually run out of the room, but when the elevator doors closed behind him, he felt as shaky and breathless as if he'd just finished a wildly out-of-control sprint.
"I don't know you," he blurted out. "We've never met."
"Return that to me, or I shall take it from your corpse!" Doom snarled.  He fired a stream of energy at Wong, missing him by inches, then turned and aimed a vicious kick at Sam's ribs.
"You missed Tony in a dress earlier," she said, just as he asked, "How are the magic lessons going?"
"Maybe you two don't like each other anymore, but he's still an Avenger. Just tell me whether or not it's serious, okay?"
"I never thought this could happen," he admitted. "But you have no idea how glad I am that it did."
Hank deflated slightly, and Jan realized that he might have interpreted that as an attempt to get rid of him. "And get yourself some ice cream," she added quickly.
Only silence answered her.
An accident. Of course it was an accident. Tony would never intentionally use his armor to murder someone. But then, once Steve would have said that Tony would never have used his armor against
He'd always been able to do that before, and when he couldn't, he'd known that it was time to take the armor off and give it to Rhodey.
“The burns on my hands weren’t serious,” she said from behind him.  She wasn’t barefoot, but whatever shoes she was wearing were soft-soled, much quieter than her costume’s boots.  Steve didn’t bother to turn and look as she came up behind him; had Tony’s eyelashes just moved?  No, his vision had blurred for a moment.
Hank had frozen in the doorway, face gone dead white. He looked sick, like someone who'd been stabbed in the gut and was only just looking down to see the knife sticking out of him.
"Because you're not attracted to men?"
Steve felt himself grinning, even though he knew Tony was completely serious. If he asked, Tony could probably tell him the exact amount of weight each individual suspension cable on the bridge was supporting. "All right, then," Steve agreed easily. "It dropped you two hundred and seventy-six feet straight down into the river. Come back to my place and let me take a look at you."
"I'm going to be sick," he interrupted, voice perfectly calm.
. I couldn't sleep, I couldn't relax, and everything I felt was so overwhelming that I couldn't handle it. Looking back, it's so obvious that the things I did were just so incredibly stupid that I can't believe I did them, but I swear, at the time it all made perfect sense."
Carol looked down at her hands. "Clint told me some things about what happened in Transia. I didn't want to listen, at first, but..." She looked back up, a rueful little smile on her lips. "I owe her an apology. God, that's going to be fun. What am I going to say, 'I wanted to believe you were evil because I liked you and then you hurt my feelings?'
Every mention of Steve's pain was like a knife in Tony's gut, but he knew better than to tell Loki; the god would just use it as a weapon against him. "Pretty sure you tried to steal from SHIELD, and they just got there in time to stop you from taking it," Tony managed, trying to keep his breathing even as his eyes watered from the yanks to his hair. It wasn't working well. He was terrified. Loki might not have been a literal god, but Tony was more than smart enough to know that in comparison, Loki was the closest thing to a god that actually existed. Not to mention, being unable to see well was nerve-wracking in and of itself. "And killing you's the only way we can make sure you're not going to keep coming back and playing with people's heads."
Either offended by Tony's indifference or sensing the tension, Steve's temporary companion quickly made his excuses. Steve barely noticed. "Funny," he finally managed in a tone that was only mildly shaken. He even took a long sip of the champagne. Once again Steve found himself regretting the fact that getting drunk wasn't really an option. The alcohol was dry and almost sharp, the bubbles tickling his nose. At least it gave him something to do. "You don't look drunk, but if I'm the highlight of your evening... bad day?"
Silence stretched out longer and longer as they all zoned into their respective tasks. "Oh! Oh!" Fitz tapped excitedly at his keyboard and sent what he'd done over to Tony's screen. "That should get the nanobots working at least twice as fast. They'd be able to... well..." He deflated slightly. "Well, you'd still die, but it wouldn't be as fast."
Natasha nodded. "And pissed." She remained close to Clint, lingering and watching him, trying to get a bead on what was going on in his head. Phil wasn't likely to flinch. Clint was, at least around her. Quietly, she asked, "Are you? Well and whole?" Sometimes it was easiest to just ask even if it hurt to know the truth.
They managed to get the last large party horseshoe booth in the joint, Logan and Scott toward one end, Clint flanked by Nat and Phil on the other. Clint ordered himself a stout, then raised an eyebrow when Logan ordered a beer for himself as well. "I thought you couldn't get drunk?"
Steve just grinned as Pepper held the finger up the rest of the way out the door and closed it soundly behind her. He burst out laughing the second she was gone.
The touch was enough to make him feel like he couldn't breathe. The words, husky and hot and absolutely perfect, made Phil moan in a way that was a lot needier than he would have liked. The hands that had been pushing eagerly under Clint's shirt froze for a moment while he tried to get himself under control. He shook it off and recovered again a beat later. "Glad to hear you approve," he managed, fingers running across Clint's muscled back. He gave up on that a to cup Clint through his too-tight jeans with a sigh of pleasure. "Not doing too bad yourself."
It was one of the moments when Steve hated being in charge because he wanted to pull Tony aside and talk to him on a far more personal level than would have been appropriate. "If you're not sure you're going to be okay, I need to know now. Things were too close as it was the last time around. I can't have anyone playing at half speed and using this as a test run."
"'Inject' is such a strong word..."
Scott glanced back at Logan. "I think it might be kind of fun."
Steve wasn't sure if it was the words themselves or the fact that Tony was whispering in his ear, but Steve's breath caught. He couldn't turn his head because if he did Tony would be far, far too close. "Think I'll stick with clothes," he answered in a tone that was meant to be light and teasing but came out breathy and nervous instead. Logically he knew that Tony was just trying to get a rise out of him. The unfortunate part of that was just how well it was working. "Thanks for the help. Um, with the computer."
At first Steve had been more than a little annoyed at the pause. He didn't want Logan to stop, and he didn't want Tony to stop either - and then it all clicked into place. Apparently he had just enough blood above his beltline to put it together because Steve hummed his approval as the head of Tony's cock slid between his lips and Logan began to move once more. He was definitely beginning to see the appeal of threesomes. Keeping track of two lovers at a time instead of one was difficult, but it was also rewarding enough to be worth the effort. Every nerve in Steve's body tingled with sensation, and even when he could hardly catch his breath, he didn't want it to end.
Feeling the weight of the things he wasn't telling his new team, Scott nodded haltingly. "Let's get through everything with Loki, then we'll figure it out."
Clint looked up, obviously relieved. "I enjoyed it, even if I didn't know that you... that you cared that much. You've always been there for me, Phil. You've always been a comfort," he said, savoring the way Phil's fingers explored his own. It was a strangely intimate gesture, something that he'd never shared with anyone. With all the scars and calluses on his hands, Clint was rather surprised by how much Phil seemed to like touching them. The archer quietly watched his handler's fingers trail over his own, smiling faintly. "Your place has kinda felt like home for awhile," he murmured shyly.
"I'd like to at least make sure I'm mouthing off to the right one. Keep an eye out, Mr. Summers," Coulson agreed. "For now, we assume we're going the right way."
After a brief hesitation, the figure on the floor stirred until he was more or less obeying the order. Stripped except for a pair of white briefs that had seen better days, the man was dirty, bruised, and looked exhausted even with his eyes covered. The larger man jerked away the rough burlap tied around his head, and Scott blinked at the floor for a few moments before it came into focus. It was still strange to him seeing everything in its proper color. Nothing was red. The dirty floor just looked dirty. He almost missed it. After having been paraded out for a half dozen similar "clients" in the - days? weeks? - leading up to that moment, Scott kept his gaze down. He had learned just how little the men liked it when he was mouthy or disrespectful, and after only barely making it through the lashing he'd received the night before for trying to get them to leave the girl in the next cell alone, he wasn't up for a fight. Scott could barely stay awake, and the lines of red across his back burned every time he moved the wrong way.
The door opened, and Maria Hill stepped inside. "Sorry for the interruption, but we're picking up an energy signature. The only thing that comes close is the last time Thor paid us a visit."
Steve had gone rigid at Tony's side, but the touch of the man's hand eased some of the strain. He forced himself to take a breath and relax as much as possible given the situation. "I intend to keep doing my job and keep protecting people however I can." Obviously pointing out that he was actually bisexual wasn't going to get him anywhere.  "If people supported me before because I love my country and the people in it, then who I date shouldn't change anything. I'm the same person I was yesterday."
Loki felt his stomach twist as he gazed on the scene. It was so easy to see the threads of it all, to see who was attached to who and how. The curly-haired boy was in love with the girl, the girl wanted Bruce, and that seemed to be mutual. Stark was in love with Rogers, and Rogers was looking at the man like he'd hung the moon. Loki found himself staring at the floor just to keep from throwing up on the perfectly kept laboratory. "I'll continue standing here and making everyone feel awkward, shall I?"
Also, I have no chill and have almost all the rest of the chapters for Part 1 edited, so you'll have 'em all before long. I keep trying to space them out, but I fail at patience.
Victor looked mildly surprised that he'd been taken up on his offer but was far from thrown off his game. "Y'know, it's a little disconcerting when you do that," he pointed out, but stepped closer to Loki nonetheless. "I was saying we could have a good fuck if you wanted. Assuming you do that kind of thing." Victor was still out on whether Loki was a real god or not but was certainly willing to believe he was from another planet considering the stuff that had gone down on the news.
"You are ready?" Sif called over her shoulder. Catching a nod from Logan, the woman smiled and the sky opened above them. Of course Heimdall was watching, and the fact that he'd been free to open the bridge again meant their arrival would be a surprise. "Tonight we celebrate. Today we fight!" she cried out as the light surrounded them.
"Like you two knowing Nat seemed a little better." Steve was still relieved at the idea that she might at least not be actively suffering as badly.
Steve huffed out a laugh and nodded. "Yeah, I guess I do. It's just not what I'm used to." He was used to barely being able to do anything at all, to having to worry about how he'd pay for food let alone anything else. "Just remember, I hadn't even left the country till I joined the army. I didn't have a whole lot of... well, of anything. For a long time it was just me and Bucky kind of barely getting by. Then he joined up. I thought I was gonna get left behind."
Though he still wasn't sure he understood the extent of what was happening, Coulson knew that Steve having his doctors at his side was the best thing and nodded before sitting down next to Stark again. He glanced at the other man. If Coulson felt uneasy at the news, he couldn't even imagine what Tony might be feeling.
Tony gladly obliged, his fingers twisting in the sheets as he gave a throaty moan and arched his back as spots swam before his eyes. "Fuck... fuck yes, baby," he panted, writhing against the mattress. He let the god drive a few more whimpers from him before he finally gave in. "Can... can I face you? I want to be able to see you," he managed even as he shifted back against Loki's hand as if trying to get more of the delicious sensations.
Clint had opened his mouth to protest, but that faint roughness in Phil's voice as he said that last bit made him shut his mouth. He hadn't thought of that. He wondered if Nat had. "I get it," he said quietly, his arm still tingling a little where the other man had touched him. He remembered how it had been, sitting around while Nat suffered at Loki's hands. Clint couldn't imagine having been the one who'd given her the order to go there in the first place. He let his leg drift to the side, bumping his knee against Phil's. He smirked faintly. "Though it's gonna be pretty tough to not lock us in your office and break all of HR's stupid rules, right there on your desk." He was pretty sure that Fury and a few others were going to be out for blood if they even got wind of what they'd done in the club an hour ago. He couldn't imagine how they'd all deal with the knowledge that it wasn't a one-time thing. Then again, Phil was probably valuable enough to get out with just an ass-chewing. And Clint... well, it was par for the course for him to break rules he didn't like.
Nat smiled, the expression uncharacteristically warm given the situation. "I always like the way you think." As if reading his mind, she reached out and stroked a hand over Clint's cheek, her nails dragging lightly over the skin. She stepped away and met Darien's gaze briefly before unzipping her suit. It peeled away with surprising ease to reveal that the woman wore nothing more than a thong beneath. She climbed up onto the bed and looked back over her shoulder to see if Clint was watching. Naturally, he was. "Come here." Once she was situated comfortably on the bed against the throw pillows she had picked out herself, Nat parted her long legs and smirked. "I don't enjoy waiting."
Steve nodded to Clint, both of them ready to do what they needed to do. "Let's all go together, then," he said softly to the man, still carefully keeping his hands to himself. He had a feeling that touching would trigger at the very least a wound that would take awhile to heal and at most a limb needing to be reattached. "You were strong enough to get this far."
"He's right, though, Clint." Steve had noted the odd tone of Coulson's voice as well, and he wasn't sure how awkward things were going to get if he didn't step in. Whatever issues the two men had to work out between themselves, he knew they'd manage it given time. "You aren't expendable, and neither are Summers or Logan or Natasha." He waited until Clint looked at him again before assuring the man, "If turning Loki into a stain on the floor is the way we end this, that's what we're doing."
Logan had already been released back to SHIELD by the time Victor had gotten word of his capture. It was irritating. A chance to talk to his brother, missed. But something had to be wrong. Logan hadn't sought him out. Even after their encounter at the Statue of Liberty, Logan hadn't seemed a bit interested in finding him, for better or worse. He hadn't seemed any less inclined to want to kill Victor when they'd met. Determined to find out what he could, Victor slipped into the holding block as soon as he'd managed to get away from his debriefers.
Coulson sat down on the grass, scattering some of the food near his feet and watching as a few of the ducks wandered closer to peck at the offering. "I can see why you'd like it here. I like it here," he added after a beat, offering a few more crumbs to one duck who didn't seem content to share with his fellows. The park was lovely, the ducks were cute, and seeing Clint so relaxed was a treat in and of itself. The week had been terrible, the day was still terrible, really, but the moment was worth it. Selfish as it probably was, Coulson couldn't shake the thought as he watched Clint smiling and tossing out the food a little at a time. "This is actually pretty perfect."
Bruce took a resolute breath before heaving himself out of the plane.
Clint seemed to register at almost the same time that Coulson's hands were still clamped around his, and he could definitely feel the tension in them. "Hey, easy," he soothed, tugging one hand free to place on his handler's shoulder. "Nothing to apologize for. You did something that was fucking ballsy, a lot crazy... but nothing wrong." Clint had remembered the sick feeling he'd gotten watching the video during the debriefing. Coulson's stoic, fearless eyes. His confidence in spite of facing down a fucking god, for crying out loud. And then that moment when Coulson's eyes had gone wide, the vicious spear protruding from the man's chest. The archer had screamed in protest, even knowing the video was hours old. Nat and Fury grabbed him and shaken him back to reality. Looking at Coulson now, alive and whole and healthy in spite of recent bumps and bruises, Clint wanted to beg the man to never go on another mission ever again. Knowing that wouldn't work, the archer slowly let go of Coulson's hands and squeezed his shoulder one more time. "You did what you would've expected me or anyone else to do, and we're lucky enough that you somehow pulled through it all."
Phil shook his head, but he didn't say anything. Sleep-rumpled and bleary, Natasha looked younger than usual as she made her way out. It made him hate even more the thought of what they'd be doing that day and the brand new chance for all of them to get hurt. Just because it was part of the job didn't mean he had to like it. Clint's words filtered through the fog, and Phil kissed him again, gently, whispering, "Just be careful. I know it maybe goes without saying, but I need to say it, and you need to agree to it. Be careful."
Loki simply smiled. "Of course. That's all. I'll pop in and see to my half of the bargain."
Clint rolled his eyes a little but put his foot down, still smirking faintly. It felt good to be doing something. He was still worried as hell for Nat, but at least they were making some kind of progress. Or at least doing something useful. Oblivious to the effect he'd hand on Coulson, he relaxed in the seat, draping one arm out of the car and then reaching over to turn on the radio. He flipped through the channels until he got fed up trying to find something acceptable and turned it back off. "So... we there yet?"
"Make a note for the PR guys. Think up a way to blame it on the alcohol without making Steve look like a complete lush, and send Fury some kind of an apology and notes on my ideas. Make it sound sincere... ish."
"Wait, you have a personal... anything? I kinda figured you only took that getup off to shower or..." Logan's eyes flicked to Scott before he could stop himself. It was brief, microscopic, but Logan couldn't help but kick himself. //Let's just alienate everyone while we're at it. There's probably something stupid you could say to Nat too.//
Clint smirked at Nat before double-checking his parachute straps one more time. Readying his bow to deploy in his hands, the archer casually stepped off the ramp.
Tony immediately cut Bruce off. "Nothing workable," he snapped, managing to run over Bruce's foot with his wheelchair. The other scientist hopped off, cursing and doing deep breathing exercises.
Coulson's brow furrowed slightly. "Neutralized?"
"Oh, you missed that act already," a gently amused voice.
"And just so you know, you haven't pushed." Scott couldn't help smiling back at Logan as they remained cuddled up closely. "You've been great. I pushed. I pushed myself farther and faster than I should have. I don't want to backtrack with this, I just want to be..." He fell silent and considered the right words. It would be painfully easy to make it sound like he was avoiding Logan when he was trying to give himself breathing room. "I just want to be less desperate. We live dangerous lives, and I don't want to miss things, but right now, if I have to put the hero stuff on hold to have the stuff with you... I think I'd rather do that."
More than anything in that moment with Tony lying there with his hair messy and his eyes bleary, Steve wanted to crawl into bed beside him and just collapse. Instead, since that was inappropriate on so many levels he couldn't even be bothered to count them, Steve sank into the chair next to the bed. His shoulders slumped, and he didn't bother trying to look upbeat. Quietly he recounted everything they knew, everything about it being Hydra somehow and Bucky being alive and about them having no clue what was happening. "I asked Director Fury to call Bruce in. If we... if it is Bucky and we can fix this somehow... he's the smartest person we have next to you," Steve finished with his first flicker of a smile. "Right now we wait and I do everything I can to keep you safe."
Steve stood in the hallway for a solid five minutes before he got the courage to rap on Tony’s door. He expected to be ignored. At best he expected to be yelled at for breaking Tony’s policy of shutting out the world. At worst he’d expected Natasha to jump him as soon as he started downstairs and break his neck. Instead he stood alone outside the lab hoping he could coax Tony into some kind of conversation.
"I'm starting to feel like I don't care much if they do." The day spent by himself trying to navigate the person he thought he'd left behind had been frustrating at best. "Did you guys make any headway?" Steve couldn't imagine them letting Tony go without at least some progress under their belt.
Logan sighed, leaning into Scott wordlessly and burying his face in the man's neck, his hand sliding up to cradle the back of Scott's head. He felt jittery from the memories he'd awakened, and for a few minutes, he hadn't felt like himself. "Let's... yeah, let's go back to bed," he said. Scott was a soothing balm for him, an anchor. He straightened a little, pressing a slow, sensual kiss to his lover's mouth as if to make it clear they weren't going back to sleep. Sleep brought ugly dreams and uglier memories, and that was the last thing Logan wanted to do right then.
"Well, I guess the emotional maturity's not that far off," Clint muttered under his breath, reaching up to scratch his cheek and making an irritated face when he was forced to raise both hands to do so. He wiggled his wrists a little in an effort to make the things more comfortable and a yellow light flashed, the cuffs emitting a high-pitched warning tone. "Uh..."
Thor nodded grimly, though he hated to agree with anything Loki said. Talking wasn't making the idea of killing his brother... his former bedmate... easier. "He speaks the truth," the thunder god said resignedly. "I spoke to our mother, and there would be nothing she could do to help him."
Tony looked as if he'd just noticed that the archer was in the room. "Don't you have a spanking to get to?" When Clint opened his mouth to protest, Tony held up a hand. "Before you say anything stupid, remember I managed to get into SHIELD's database, and you have a really interesting psych profile. Maybe we should-"
It would have made things a lot easier if that smile didn't send his pulse skyrocketing or if he was entirely immune to the warmth of Tony's hands gripping his hips. Steve had been a decent dancer once upon a time, but that was a whole different time and a whole different kind of dancing. This particular brand of dancing seemed less like dance and more like grinding on the dancefloor in a manner that Steve would have normally relegated entirely to the bedroom. Trying very, very hard not to think about whether Tony moved just as well between the sheets, Steve said, "You should be careful about pushing Logan so hard. He might not take it as well as Bruce and I do." It took time to develop a thick skin to Tony's oddly insightful brand of insults.
Tony gulped in a couple more breaths before he returned the kiss, then sagged to the mattress next to Steve, keeping them tangled closely together. "Well, I couldn't do it without my biggest fan," he replied with a smirk that only lasted a second or two before he was forced to go back to trying to catch his breath. "And I have to say, you're pretty freaking amazing, yourself. I think I could get addicted to the way you look when you cum. More addicted. But I don't admit that I have a problem, so I'm completely not salvageable."
"It is a difficult thing to lose one of your own," Sif agreed, her tone softer than normal. "There is no dishonor in mourning those who deserve to be mourned. From all that Thor has told me, the Man of Iron was well worth the glory of being given a proper rest. We will see that it is done." That Loki was, whatever his official parentage, one of their own only made it more embarrassing that he was capable of being so dishonorable. War did not have to be waged in so ugly a fashion, but sniping and underhanded tactics seemed to be the only ones he ever used.
Logan was tired of holding back and had the feeling that Steve was tired of it too. He drew back and then slammed his cock home with all his might, relishing the freedom his partner's resilience offered. As Logan set a perfectly hungry rhythm, his gaze wandered to Tony's face, and the intent look of pleasure there only served to send Logan further into a frenzy. The feral mutant growled his pleasure as he took what he wanted.
Bruce took a deep breath, forcing himself to calm again. It was hard enough fending Tony off via text message and even tougher to do it in person. "Right," he agreed, settling back in his chair. Breaking everything wasn't going to help anyone.
"Dunno if I can get used to starched jeans, but I'm sure what I'm wearin' could use a refresh. Pretty sure I couldn't cram myself into one o' his shirts if I wanted to," he remarked, glancing back at the pile of already snoring playboy on the couch. "So where'm I sleepin', anyway?" He hesitated, then glanced at Steve. "And... I dunno what all that super serum does for ya, bub, but if I look like I'm havin' a bad dream, best to just let me sleep through it."
J snickered. "Is special. Twenty."
Though she couldn't exactly disagree with the words, it hurt to think of. Simmons ducked her head and pretended to be typing something. Being with SHIELD was different than she'd thought in so many ways. The technology was fantastic, and so were the opportunities. The potential to watch people she liked die was simply a lot higher than what she was comfortable with. "We'll find something that works," she assured softly. "I don't think I'd like to be the one to tell Captain Rogers we don't have a better option."
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Blushing furiously from the quick embrace, Simmons stammered, "Well, yes, but not because of you," she added in a rushed tone, "but it's... he doesn't, well, we don't hug often. Except each other. I'm not sure that counts." It sounded more and more mortifying the more she talked, and finally Simmons ducked her head and pointedly closed her mouth, determined not to dig the hole any deeper. "I meant it, though, about not being able to do this without you. I'm brilliant with this sort of thing - sorry, modesty, but, well, I am - but you're even better."
Clint gave Phil an odd look but stepped through the door nonetheless. He was starting to decide that his handler had a strange sense of humor, because he was fairly positive that the other explanation for Phil's behavior was like explaining that the rain was god crying... when it was often, in fact, a direct result of Thor showing up. Clint lead the way through the older theater, noticing with a grimace that his feet were squishing through god-knew-how-many years' worth of soda residue. Settling in one of the uncomfortable seats, he put the arm down, then leaned away from Phil's seat. "Never enough armrest for two people. Always makes it awkward," he noted.
Logan started to protest on the grounds that he was no doctor, but Scott didn't really seem to need a doctor. "Alright," he said, nodding a little. The touch to his arm had been almost jolting, the hesitance and vulnerability in the gesture unnerving. "Lemme just..." Trailing off, he made sure that none of the wounds on Scott's back were dirty or infected, then put the kit away. "Just relax. I'll find somewhere safe." He'd planned to take Scott straight back to Stark tower, but the man seemed to need a few moments to himself. "Take a nap if you can. We've got a bit of a drive."
The equation didn't go unnoticed, and Clint twisted his head slowly to look at Nat, eyebrow raised. "Haven't seen him in a couple of days..." A beat. "Wait, 'other one'? Are you..." His eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Nat, are you doing that girl thing again? The one where you read everything into little dumb things and make connections that don't exist?" He paused and sat up straighter. "Oh, god. You think I'm dating Phil Coulson."
“And wandering the streets randomly would be safer.” Coulson didn’t allow the words to become a question. There was no question as to the foolishness of the thought process, but he knew Bucky needed to hear it out loud. “Captain Rogers would never forgive me if I let you leave, and we have plenty of tranquilizers and tasers. You’re safer here, and so is the rest of the world. Until we find out how to undo everything Hydra did, you should be here.”
Bruce allowed himself a few tears, holding onto Jemma's hand gratefully as he tried to keep himself from breaking down completely. Once he'd regained a little bit of composure, he dabbed at his eyes and blew his nose on a napkin before looking up and offering Jemma a smile. "Thank you," he said earnestly, giving her hand a squeeze before finally relinquishing it and sipping at his cocoa. "Well, at least I have a reason or two to stick around, still." Frankly, he couldn't imagine going anywhere else. At least people in the Tower treated him like he was halfway normal, and SHIELD knew what to do if the Other Guy turned up. Still, he had a feeling he'd relate to Jemma and Fitz a lot better than the rest of the Tower's denizens.
The stronghold didn't look like much from the outside, just a pair of very large metal hangar doors wedged open enough to drive a vehicle through. And sand. Lots of sand. The team advanced through the building with little resistance until they encountered a more open area that looked like a munitions storage, littered with empty shipping containers.
"Hey, what's done is done, right?" Tony chimed in, grinning a little sloppily.
"I'd have to agree," Tony muttered. Coulson could be unnerving, anyway. The man had a strange confidence about him that belied his somewhat nerdy, almost bookish appearance. The billionaire still hadn't forgotten their first interaction and the rather persuasive threats the agent had used to convince him to stay put in his mansion and solve the puzzle SHIELD had given him. Glad to note Coulson was gone, Tony grinned a little and leaned up to nibble at Steve's stubbly throat. "Y'know, if I hadn't pinky promised to be good, I'd definitely give you a BJ right here, right now," he muttered. He sighed. "I hate talking to the press. Can I just hang on your arm and look pretty?"
"Or, better yet, I'll come over here and find you directly." Scott let his arms slide up around Logan's neck and tried to assure himself that they were okay. There was nothing to worry about. Logan was himself. He held fast to that idea and kissed Logan again as if to seal the internal pact. "And no one said conjugal visits are off the menu either. If you're interested at some point." Scott paused. "You're still a terrible influence, though. I'm supposed to be doing some kind of computer training to get all my security access with SHIELD set up."
"You can have the phone if you want it," the woman answered, holding out her cell instead of the store phone. At his raised eyebrow, she shrugged, "Dude, I barely want to touch that thing. If you knew the manager, you wouldn't want to either."
"Who says you get a choice?" Tony was already well into another shot.
I think we all know it's okay.
Coulson watched Clint carefully for a moment before dropping his gaze back to the monitors. "I can handle this if you're not comfortable with it." Frankly he wasn't comfortable himself. It was a strange thing, an invasive thing, but one he knew was necessary from time to time. "I can call you in if you're needed to deal with any complications or I have the opportunity to address Mr. Summers by himself." Coulson certainly preferred to have Clint available at short notice in the event that the meeting happened. He didn't want to get jumped by an angry Wolverine halfway through. It was harder to have a civil conversation without a spleen.
Clint's blue eyes went from hooded by fatigue to being hooded from arousal. He opened his mouth to take a too-deep breath and shifted a little, humming his approval. "That's not fair," he protested, fighting to keep the thickness from his voice. His ears were sensitive. Ridiculously so. Virtually any protest or train of thought could be interrupted by just a little attention in that area. "Okay, if you keep kissing me there, there's a good chance I might dry hump your leg until I cum, whether you want it or not," he breathed as goosebumps erupted on his forearm. Leaning up so that he could press his lips to Phil's throat, he whispered, "I'll talk." He smirked faintly, running his hand down Phil's chest. "I'm guessing you saw in your surveillance that I never bottomed." He thought of Nat. "For guys." He tilted Phil's face towards his own and pressed their lips together. "Truth is, I like to bottom sometimes. But only when I know and trust someone," he said softly.
"Pretty sure I am," Darien answered, breathless and half hard already, "for about the fifth time today. Why break a good streak?" Crazy though it was, he'd made the call already. Clint might kill him. It was a distinct possibility. On the other hand, he was a lot more likely to have some fun first with whatever Clint had in mind than whatever the jackoffs in the warehouse had been thinking. Clint's bruising grip on his jaw did nothing to stop him from wanting another of the almost painfully passionate kisses. "Not gonna stop, right?"
Steve turned red and ducked his head. “It’s nothing fancy,” he insisted, manners winning out over modesty as he added, “but thank you. I just… I wanted this to be nice.” Of course, Tony had a point. Considering the company, he didn’t think the food could matter enough to make him not enjoy the moment. Steve smiled and nudged Tony’s foot under the table. “It’s not easy to impress a guy that owns the building you live in.”
Curious, Logan kept his grip on Steve's waist but reached out to touch the device through Tony's tank top. He curiously slipped his fingers under the shirt. He'd only ever seen Stark in fancy suits that did a good job of hiding the miniaturized reactor. Of course, Logan couldn't help but note as he explored that Tony was in pretty amazing shape as well. His fingertips traced their way up to the faintly warm energy source, but then Tony shifted away a little, leaning in to press his lips to Steve's.
"Almost as good as the taser I carry," Phil broke in without missing a beat. He smiled mildly at Logan as the man glared at him. "Don't be offended. Clint doesn't read files. He hates being handed things almost as much as Stark, but at least Stark looks it up later on the internal network."
Bruce, meanwhile, nodded his agreement with Steve. "I can at least throw the flag if he starts overdoing it. But I might have to call you in to get him to settle down. I have to confess, I have absolutely no control over him," he said, remembering his attempts to convince Tony he needed sleep when they'd been working on Loki's staff. The man had been borderline delirious and still refused to even sit down for a few minutes. Hearing the loud scrape of metal on metal, he looked up to see Clint pushing the hammer away from himself. Seeing how shaken the archer looked, Bruce shook his head. "Yeah, I'm not touching that thing. I have a feeling it wouldn't mix well with my other half. I'd say use gloves, but I don't think it works that way." He didn't dare say it out loud, but he had a feeling that if anyone had to handle the artifact for scientific purposes, it'd have to be Tony. //Steve won't like that.//
"Well, you haven't said anything I've liked today. Why change now?"
"Watch what I do," Steve added quietly, his voice shaking along with the rest of his body as he fought to stay stable. "You'll need to do it for Scott." He knew there was no chance, however it went, that he'd be up to saving Scott once he had Logan back to his normal self. Steve drew in another breath and went through the sequence with the same careful deliberation, mindful that Logan was watching, mindful that Logan had a life of his own to save soon enough. He tried not to think too much about Tony sitting outside the door waiting for him. //I'm sorry, Tony.//
On a roll and suddenly feeling shameless in the face of Phil's complete and utter horror, Clint couldn't resist. "Oh, I don't know. I think it might be hard to ignore. It's a pretty big else," he said, crossing his arms over his chest and giving Phil a sadistically amused grin.
"You're one to talk. Fuck, you look good. Feel good." Scott had no idea when his self control had gotten so horrific, but there it was. He couldn't have given up touching Logan if he tried. Instead he wriggled out of his shirt and tossed it aside before dragging Logan over to the bed. He sank down to sit at its edge and hurriedly unfastened Logan's fly. The man was already half hard, and Scott gave the head of his cock a long lick before sucking the rest into his mouth.
"Yeah. Of course, Jarvis," Steve answered, peeling himself up off of the floor and rolling his shoulders to try to ditch some of the tension built up in them. He wasn't particularly startled when a semi-transparent recording popped up in the air in front of him. He stopped breathing for a second when the image itself registered. Onscreen, Tony was gleefully strapping the armor on and just as gleefully ending up crumpled on the ground. In shot after shot, he watched Tony falling and crashing, laughing at the attempts or snapping at the bots depending on how badly it had gone. At first Steve smiled right along with him, relieved to hear Tony's voice and to see him because that felt a lot more right than the silent space where he belonged.
"That's not entirely accurate, sir... but I'll be happy to ask." He pulled out his cell. They didn't have a lot of time to lose. As he waited for Stark to answer, Phil found himself hoping the man was on some pretty good drugs.
Clint subsided. He knew that arguing wasn't going to get anything done.
Clint gulped, opening his mouth a few times. "I... he... I thought that..." The archer felt himself panicking a little. It was stupid. And it felt even dumber in retrospect. "He seemed like he was alright. Just... upset. He wanted a drink to calm down, and... and then..." Clint ran a hand through his hair, trying to decide if he was more upset by what he'd done or the fact that Phil knew about it. Finally he looked up. "H-how much did you see?"
"Of course, sir. When would you like to begin?"
Tony heard the catch in Steve's voice, and he registered the blood draining out of the other man's face. "What... what is it?" He strained to see the image displayed on the phone, but only succeeded in making his current predicament that much worse. Tony groaned and let his aching head sink back. His brow remained furrowed between pain and concern as he prompted Steve, "Tell me... what did you see?"
"Is it weird," Steve murmured between hungry kisses, "that I... that I kind of like the idea of feeling it in the morning?" There had always been something odd about being unable to see by the end of the day what he'd been through whether it was sex or a battle. Steve was eager to wake and still see the florid marks on his neck and feel the twinge of discomfort that reminded him of what they'd done. "D-definitely don't want to forget this."
Scott nodded. "Thank you." With the prospect of a real night's sleep in relative safety before him, Scott felt utterly exhausted. He shuffled into the bathroom and stripped away what little he wore before standing under the warm flow of the water. It hurt against the torn flesh of his back, but the pain was tolerable. For once it wasn't a new hurt, it was an old one being cleansed, and Scott savored even the sting. He haltingly cleaned himself from head to toe and then pulled the clothes on. The boxers more or less fit thanks to some forgiving elastic, and though Scott was swimming in the t-shirt, it felt nice. He'd never thought he would find the smell of Logan comforting, but he did just the same. By the time Scott headed back into the bedroom he felt almost human. "I'll tell you about it in the morning. If you want to know," he allowed quietly.
"Terrifying. Perfect." Scott laughed. He was almost shaky with relief that it had worked and, more, that he'd been able to stop it again. Impulsively, he turned and threw his arms around Logan's neck. "I can't believe I can do this. I can't believe I..." He refrained from thanking Logan. That felt too much like an admission of Logan's guilt. "It'll take a lot of getting used to. I think-" He heard a cell phone and let his hand slide down to pull Logan's from his pocket before handing it to him and releasing his hold. "Looks like you've got a message."
Scott read the stress lines and offered, "I'm sure she'll be fine."
In which Sif arrives and offers the Avengers a helping hand - and asks for one in return.
Tony smiled, affecting that casual show of charming arrogance he was well known for. "But of course," he said. "You're sharing a meal with amazing company." Stabbing his fork into the steaming plate of food before him, Tony took a bite and marveled at the taste. "This is delicious," he enthused. "Aren't you just full of surprises? Hell of a fighter, easy on the eyes, and you can cook. You're just about perfect."
Clint hated it. Nat didn't even fight being imprisoned the way Logan and Scott had. "Call if you need anything," he said. He fixed his gaze on Phil. "We need to figure out what the next step is."
"Definitely just the one," Steve agreed with a laugh. He kissed his lover before disappearing for a good fifteen minutes. When he returned, Steve brought with him a basic wheelchair. "They offered a power chair, but this is better exercise, plus it's a good excuse for me to stick around sometimes to play chauffeur."
"He's good in a fight, he's strong, and with Summers waiting at the Hub, he's got a reason to go back in one piece. That's a start," Steve allowed before addressing Bruce's main complaint, "and we won't know about the rest until we see him work. The X-Men trusted him with their lives, and from what I read, they weren't disappointed." The way Tony kept fiddling with his new wristbands wasn't lost on Steve, who frowned slightly. He knew it would be like asking water not to be wet to ask Tony to be sure about the things he did before he did them. "It does work, doesn't it?"
Tony thought he'd imagined the twitch of Steve's fingers against his hand, but Coulson's quiet whisper brought his head up like a shot. The sight of Steve's blue eyes, bleary though they were, was an immense relief. "Steve," he whispered, relief washing over his features. "Don't... don't try to talk. The mask..." Tony took a shaky breath, swiping at his face to try and make himself look a little more dignified. There were a million things Tony wanted to say at once, and it took him a minute to gather his thoughts. "First, I love you, but goddammit, if you ever do anything like this again..." Tony trailed off, his voice shaking. He remembered a moment later that, considering what the gun had done to Steve, there was a solid chance he actually *wouldn't* be doing anything like that again. "Steve..." Tony looked away, though his hand still rested on his lover's. "Steve, the serum... it's gone. For now. Probably just… uh, maybe temporary? We don’t know."
Tony smiled. He'd heard a lot of compliments, but the way he smelled wasn't usually a top selling point. Still, he could definitely understand. "Same to you," he murmured, all too thrilled to have Steve pressed against him in his - their - own bed. His fingers carded through the blonde's still-damp hair, and he drew a deep breath. "I think I owe Fitz a new centrifuge, or some other ridiculously expensive piece of lab equipment." He was quiet for a moment, and the reality of everything started to sink in. His arms tightened around Steve, and Tony couldn't help it. He started crying, silent sobs wracking his body as he clung to his lover. It was relief and sadness and terror all at once, and Tony couldn't even find words to express it all as it overwhelmed him.
Scott rose, but he didn't agree with the sentiment at all. They were playing a dangerous game, and he didn't see any way it could come out well. "And what happens if they do? Do you really think talking's going to be enough by then?" He caught the dirty look one of the nurses was giving him and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "Let's get out of here, go back to your room." Reasoning with Logan wasn't possible most of the time. Scott was beginning to remember vividly that Jean wasn't the only reason they'd nearly killed one another a few times.
Clint smiled, feeling a little more at ease with the more familiar situation. Coffee with his handler wasn't unusual. Being told 'anything but country' was also pretty normal. He flipped through the options on the player until he found an artist he knew, stopping at Florence + the Machine and then kicking himself a little at the overly romantic choice. //It's just good music. Don't get all weird.// He pulled up a stool at the bar and watched Coulson go about prepping the coffee. He started to try for smalltalk, then realized there was nothing that he could bring up immediately that didn't seem awkward. "So... you think Stark's any closer to figuring out how to off Loki?" he finally ventured. Bringing up work wasn't the best option necessarily, but discussing his amusement at Nat's antics or anything else that had happened since they left the firing range seemed like an even worse idea.
The archer didn't have to think too hard to put two-and-two together. "Logan's compromised, and Steve's the only one who can withstand it."
"Only from the outside," Natasha answered. "You two don't match... but you do."
Bruce slowly nodded. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m sure we can do that.” He paused, hesitated, and finally went ahead and asked, “What will Tony think?”
Clint nodded. "Fury hasn't mentioned it. Which makes me think he knows something." Fury staying silent sometimes was more telling than when he actually gave someone information. "And, uh, sorry about the coffee. I mean, the you finding me... when I was... Sorry," he said, clearing his throat. Bad enough Coulson had been under orders to watch everything Clint did for who-knew-how-long. It had to be even more awkward catching Clint's act live. "I'll, uh, try not to... indulge so much. Here."
Thor tensed at the words but didn't bother debating them. As badly as it hurt to think so, the Widow was correct. Loki had to be dealt with. "Come, my friends. We have a task to accomplish."
For a long moment, Scott was sure that he was hallucinating. Of all the people that might have come charging in to rescue him... well, Logan hadn't been on the list, and even the list he'd gotten together in his head at first was long forgotten. Scott had been sure he wasn't going to be rescued, and since they'd kept him down in the dark so long, he didn't have much at his disposal with which to rescue himself. But, no, it was Logan. He'd seen the man's jaw clench in anger too many times not to recognize the expression. He just barely kept himself from crying with relief at seeing a familiar face.
He turned around to look at Tony, to look him straight in this wonderful brown eyes and then he smiled like a lovefool „God Tony, I love you so so much and I regret nothing!“ was all he could say as he stepped forward to embrace him once more and pressed his lips against Tony’s.
Then he heard the loud and endless beep of the heart monitor behind him, followed by sobs and curses. He didn’t turn around this time. On any other day he probably would have freaked out by the sound too, but now he felt only relief.
Suddenly, Natasha and Clint were rushing into the Bedroom, right through the both of them.. it was a weird feeling. Probably Jarvis had alerted them that something is wrong.
„Steve, sweetheart, look at me.. what have you done?“ fear crept into his voice. „I can’t do this.. I can’t do ALL this without you by my side.. I.. I shouldn’t be alive in the first place and you know it..“ he blurted out louder as intended, finally looking straight into his husbands eyes.
He had electrodes attached to his chest, the heart monitor beeped every now and then, an oxygen mask was pressed on his face. Natasha has cradled his head in her hands and stroked through his hair in a slow pace, while muttering something he couldn’t understand. Someone had injected something into his heart, again - he felt the sting and burning sensation behind his breastbone very intense. They tried to save him nonetheless, oh god he hated it so much. He hated it to leave them, to let them down, but he was sure that they would make the best out of it - even without him.
