I leaned across towards him, but he squirmed away, held out a hand in protest.  “No?” I said, withdrawing, awkward.  “I have misjudged,” I said, abashed.  “I am so sorry, Holmes, forgive me.  Of course, you're courting young Miss Alice, and I--”
Victor's face was troubled.  He skittered close behind us as we headed for the front gate and the lane.
I reared my head, for Holmes was rarely quite so vocal on the matter.  I confess, his words affected me.
Which, might I point out, was not a particularly auspicious opening for a benevolent conversation.  Rather repetitive, in fact.”
“Yes.  When you first burst into the office, there were clues that I picked up.  The fact that Gregson called you 'John'; and then your crumpled shirt, evidently tossed then worn a second time.  And,” said Holmes, a small smile upon his face, “I could detect the scent of Rylott's cinnamon soap upon the pair of you.”
It was a bottle of the finest Rémy Martin.  Holmes looked at me; I looked at him.  We burst out laughing, much to Mycroft's great surprise.
“OW.”  (He had twisted his neck, apparently.)  His voice became peevish.  “What?  Whatever now?  Ow!  Why?  Things?”
At nine o'clock, I eased myself into my coat and indicated to the girl that I was heading out, as yesterday.  This time the streets were clearer and we made good speed, arriving before long at Baker Street.  With my head high, and with a quiet sense of grim determination, I stood myself before the door and rang the bell.
to be.  Love is an emotional thing, and whatever is emotional is opposed to that true cold reason which I place above all things.”
I noticed far too late that I had not replaced the volume by Dr. Flyte as I had found it.  I had, in fact, forgotten it upon the arm of Holmes's chair.  Did it matter so much?  We often shared books after all.
“Yes.  Near Pall Mall.  Something of a coincidence, don't you think, eh?  I wonder if it is the same fellow.  Well, there is only one way to find out.”  Holmes glanced at his watch.  “It is a little late now.  Where do the hours fly away to?  Mr. Dawkins shall be our first port of call tomorrow morning.  In the meantime, I think that I shall research the wealthier private stone and gem collectors in the city.  I hope there are not too many.”  He sighed and rubbed his temples.
“The countryside is full of crackpots,” said Gregson, in a confidential tone.  “But they are harmless for the most part.  That old woman in black I have been told of, ha ha!  Those nosey old country biddies, they'd stop and gawp at a pig dancing in swill.  Nothing better to do with their time, see.”
I found him in a disused room, outlined with cardboard boxes, empty shelves.  He'd picked his way through to the window, and was standing there, his tall frame cloaked in shadow, and the smoke from his lit cigarette in wreaths above his head.  I shut the door for some small privacy.
But it appeared he might not.  Holmes was silent as he scanned the two pages once more.  And all the meanwhile I dandled, in morbid suspense, until he looked up from his study.
stroking terriers to have them scrape at our trousers.  This is a strange search that we are on.  We cannot trek for miles in all directions, that much is certain.  We should return to the house in a short while.  Perhaps Victor has had better luck.”
Holmes, the meanwhile, was still pressed to the safe box.  I hardly dared move lest the bed springs should squeak.  At length he hissed in triumph, and with a brisk flick of his wrist the safe swung open.  His back obscured our view.  He released an exclamation.
“To say the very least of it,” said Holmes.  “You are quite mad.”  He smiled, and waved away my frown.  “Don't pout.  For we are all of us peculiar in some way, is that not so?”
I stood close by the desk while he rearranged his test tubes into racks.  His hair was fully dry now, if a little ruffed and wild.  I stroked it gently.  He leaned into the touch and rubbed his head against my palm.
I nodded, and my heart dropped to my boots, for what could he be planning to reveal?  I worried silently.  I found myself distracted to the point where all the words within the book that I was reading upturned to inane mumbo-jumbo, and I had turned a dozen pages not absorbing anything.  I lit the lamps and closed the curtains, and then could only sit and wait.  My feelings for my friend had grown the stronger; he filled my mind and lovesick soul.  I ached and pined and was a sorry mess, but did not know what I might do, for fear of making this sad situation worse.  We sat to dinner, then, and fumbled through a turn of normalcy that fooled precisely neither one.
The phial contained a liquid, deep dark red, stopped with a cork.  A label, gummed, affixed, that bore one letter: that of 'E'.
“No,” said Mrs. Oaks.  She stamped her boots upon the mat.  “There'll be snow tomorrow.”  She sounded mournful.  “That rain's turnin' to hail.”
Mrs. Oaks stood there before us.  Her large and bulbous nose appeared the more-so in the shadows cast by lamplight.  She was wearing a long woollen shawl that wrapped around her shoulders and hung down to her large booted feet.  Her skirts were much the worse for wear, and her bonnet dangled ribbons that had seen far better days.  Her expression, though, now that the shock of meeting her had faded, was a kindly one.
“No,” he said, catching my chin with his thumb and forefinger.  He kissed me, and angled his body to reel himself in.  He manoeuvred astride me, with his hands on my shoulders and his lips still on mine.  “You made me want it,” he said softly.  “But you're not getting it.  Not yet.”
I laughed, long and loud.  He looked fairly alarmed.  “You informed me that I had been in Afghanistan,” I said, still chuckling.  “That was quite true.  Could you explain how you determined that?”
But I have leapt ahead, of course – as always.  Allow me to begin by taking you back to that nascent spring, where the sun's shy warmth was set to vanquish the last grey drab of our wet winter.  A Wednesday morning – in which we found ourselves both sat before our fireplace all the same, for it was early yet, and the night before had thrown us a sharp chill.
you know so little of Gaboriau.  Well, perhaps that's for the best, as his Lecoq was a miserable bungler.”  (And so it went.)
I listened to his happy gabble, so much changed from yesterday.  Holmes's relief at at his elder brother's intervention was quite obvious, and now as fresh distraction there was a telegram and a mystery to solve.
By the window stood a tall and dark-dressed gentleman, whose corpulence was notable, in tandem with his breathing which was laboured from his efforts up our stairs.  He was alone, and turned around now as I entered.  His small eyes were sharp and focused, his grey mouth was sour and set, and his three chins were undulating as he dropped his jaw to gawk.
“Until we're blazing drunk,” I said, still chuckling.  He smirked.  “Well, you should start, as it's your game.”  I raised my glass to him.  “And cheers.”
“That is, if they can get past your hair,” Holmes continued.  He giggled.  “See, you've proven useful after all.  You're cheaper than fly paper.  Now just stand in that spot for the rest of the day.”
“No,” said Mrs. Oaks.  She scrubbed at her eyes, raw and red from the chill.  “You are both very kind.  It won't happen again.”  She got to her feet.  It seemed she was debating if she might chivvy us away.  “Ham and eggs,” said she with meaning.  Then, removing an ill-fitting mitten she wiped her nose upon the wool.  “Or eggs and ham.  You has a choice.  HAH!”
“No doubt you do,” I said, my lips pinched tight.  “But you will have to suffer me instead.”  Handsome, yes, perhaps, but I had never met a ruder man.  “I will call round again tomorrow, at the same time.  I am on hand for all emergencies, so do not hesitate to contact me.”  I offered him my hand with gritted teeth, and he accepted it.  His palm was cool and smooth.  We shook.
“I have a telegram,” he said.  “And one is better than nothing.”  He ripped it open, scanned it rapidly.  “Hum.  It is from Lestrade, who reports that a thorough search of the Talmadge residence revealed no trace of a jasper skull.  They managed to open the safe in the main bedroom, and it confirmed what Talmadge told us – that it was full of his papers and deeds and not much else.”
“What might she do?” he enquired, anxious.  “And what has she already done?  Mr. Holmes!  I do not like this, but I shall do as you request.”
Gregson winced.  “I thought as much,” said he.  “You care for him, aye aye, I thought as much.  The more fool me to introduce you; I should have steered you well away.”  A pause.  “But if you want my blessing, then you both can go to hell.”
“The two are scarcely comparable,” my friend said, with some feeling.  He saw my face.  “Oh, please don't pout, John.  Dogs are dependent.  They smell.  They shed.”
“Hmm, hmm!  He has no evidence, you know.  Only what he heard.  Which, my dear Mr. Holmes, he promises was quite
“When you take a wife, she'll like it too, I have no doubt of that,” I said.  (I was probing now, of course, in devilment.)
Her teeth were distracting, haphazard and grey, and affected her speech in a curious manner.  For having spent so many years abroad in Cuba, Mrs. Bruce's wider accent remained steadfast yet within our country.
“By inferring that Mrs. Barker had remembered certain detail.  That he had been seen in the vicinity that night.  That his handwriting matched the note.  The fellow blustered, and so dug himself a very pretty hole.”
He beckoned that I join him, and I did so, curiosity in flare.  Holmes clapped my shoulder.  “Look,” said he, “just take this, and now tell me what you see.”
“Only a little,” I replied.  “Or of jasper in particular, do you mean?  I have read – and I cannot recall exactly where – that it is a great healing stone.  It is said that meditation with a jasper can provide insight into a problem.”
“Cuba,” said he, in response to my question.  “We must stop by the telegraph office on the way to the club.”
to understand that your behaviour is abhorrent, and I only want your word that you'll not bother him again.”
We dressed for bed, and doused the lamps.  We lay there quietly, apart, until at length I heard his breathing deepen, falling into slumber, and I joined it at some interval, the moonlight infiltrating the calm heartbeat of the room.
I heard Holmes sigh and scrabble at the bookshelf.  He heaved down a monstrous tome and commenced to flick through many pages.  He was momentarily distracted by
“Watson, you do read a lot of rubbish,” said he, airily.  He tossed it aside as if his fingers were burned.  “And where have you been?  I've been bored.”
Eldritch,” said Holmes.  “We are on something of a quicksand.  Is there no reply yet from that bungler, Lestrade?  That's a nuisance.”
His linen jacket, unbuttoned, his waistcoat still bound to him, guarding the riches of the muscular lean torso.
I erupted into laughter; I could not help it in the slightest.  The irritated starfish on the sofa roused itself and cast a glare in my direction.
Holmes focused his attention solely on the buttered toast.  “I want to,” he said quietly.  “I want to, but it's difficult.”
I had to wonder if I'd been plucked out from this world into a strange, forbidding universe that was quite parallel to our usual.
I watched him as he sipped daintily at his tea.  His hair, cut quite shorter, was drying already.  A small, errant lock curled down on his forehead.
“Not at all,” I said.  “It's not as rare a choice as one might think.  He makes a handsome fellow, certainly!  But Adams, can you deal with it?  You've never once before... you know...”
“Most likely he heard our own enquiry at the counter, and was passing comment to his friends.  Or it was a coincidence.”
“Better, yet still undignified.  I should have thought after seventeen years that you would have tired of dandling.”
“It is a fever,” I replied, “but nothing serious.  It is important that the lady rests in bed, and stays hydrated.  I assume you are her carer?”
Somehow, we moved yet closer as we poured out the last coffee cups.  And fast within each other's eyes, we locked our fingers tight.
“Mr. Smith cut your hair extremely well on this occasion,” I told him quietly.  “You look very handsome from it.”
“That will be wonderful,” I told him.  We did not speak of the last evening, which made me wonder if my friend had read between the lines and realised, at last, that my ineptitude with close female attention was not attributed to diffidence.  Well, time would tell.  I had far greater things to occupy my mind.
Holmes reached out to pat the lady's arm.  “It is quite all right.  Now, listen to me, I want you to write down a precise description of the skull as you remember it.  Yes, I know that you have told us once before, but it is nice to have things written down, I think.  Would you be so kind?  Thank you.  Here is my notebook and a pencil.”
“I see,” he said.  “Well, what you have told me is very interesting.  I suppose that we might use some help.  Three heads are better than one, after all.  I shall tell you what happened.  According to the housekeeper – who, by the way, has been in Mr. Talmadge's employ for twenty-five years – according to her, her master had been working in his study all the evening.  At around nine o'clock, she heard him descend to the ground floor and open up the front door.  Apparently, there was a visitor, although she did not hear the bell ring.  Some minutes later, the study door on the top landing closed once more, and the housekeeper thought no more about it.  At ten o'clock, the lady said she thought it strange that Talmadge had not rung down for his cocoa, and so she went up to investigate.  The study door was locked, with a lamp light shining through underneath.  She had a spare key, of course, and after tapping for a minute with no reply, she decided to let herself in.  You can imagine what she found, Mr. Holmes: Talmadge's body on the floor here, with half a dozen knife wounds to his chest.  The poor woman screamed and ran for help, and now here we are.  But here is the strange thing, Mr. Holmes.  The door was locked from the inside and this window wide open.  The murderer must have used the window as his escape route.  But have you seen the distance to the ground?  The fellow must have been an acrobat!”
I drank.  “I don't think this is fair,” I said, complaining.  “You're too good at all this sort of thing.  I'll never get a statement in.”
“Damn you,” he said again.  “Why should I kiss you, when you clearly cannot stand the sight of me?”  He surged up backwards from his chair and to his feet.  He pulled his jacket on, and grappled with his hat.  “I have to get to work,” he said, all gruff and grit.  “Mayhaps I'll see you later, if you care to, which I doubt.”
“And he has done so,” replied Adams.  “That's not the issue any longer.  In the midst of that, he told me something of himself, and
Almost everyone was out of doors and sunning on the lawn.  Umbrella tables had been placed, with cushioned chairs, and guests were scattered here and there with books, and needlework, and chess boards.  Holmes had disappeared towards the trees.  Once I was sure he would not turn around, I set a pace behind.
Mrs. Hudson would surely find them if we tossed them into the waste-paper bin.  Logic and sound reason both departed, as I yanked our window open and set them sail upon the morning breeze.
“Then what are you saying?  That nobody scaled the drainpipe at all?  That they held a spare key to the study, and crept out through the door without the housekeeper hearing?  But what of the skull?  What does Dawkins say now?”
I shook my head.  “I just want you.”  I moved towards him, took his hand, and placed the lightest kiss upon it.  He closed his eyes, lowered his forehead to touch mine.  We stood there quietly, quite achingly aware of skin and cloth, and hair and bone.  He drew me gently to his bedroom, where he lit the lamp, and closed the door, and turned the covers down.  Off came his jacket, and his waistcoat, and his tie.  I watched him, rapt, scarcely believing this was happening at last.  And then the buttons on his shirt, his collar loosened, and the braces, and the buttons of his trousers, all undone.  He hesitated then.  “Don't stop,” I told him, barely yet a whisper, and barely could he hear me, but he carried on.  And then, naked before me, he raised his arms away, as if to say
“Well, I'm glad that cleared things up,” I replied.  I placed my card upon the mantelpiece, between the jackknife and a candlestick.  I made a wider space beside it.  “For other cards, as they arrive,” I explained to Holmes, whose frown was darkening.  “Oh, Holmes.  You like Christmas.  Remember?”
And he just smiled and shook his head, and squinting at me – for the sun was bright upon his face – rose from the bench and beckoned to me that perhaps we should move on.
“Well, then,” said Mycroft Holmes.  “I think that's Newton, and his sister Alice, too, who've just come in.  That's nearly everyone.  Do please excuse me.  Eva?  Will you?”
“Most amusing, Mr. Holmes,” said he.  “With an attitude like that, you should be grateful you get anything at all from us.”  The Inspector motioned at his paper pile.  “There is plenty, as you can see, but it is nothing we can't handle.”
I glanced over at his handsome head, bent over as he scrabbled on the rug for his tobacco pouch.  He straightened up and caught my eye.  “The Persian slipper is empty,” said he with a frown.  “Ergo, I forage.”
“I must see Mycroft, for a minute,” he said softly.  “For if I don't, then he will hoot, and heaven knows, I don't need that.  I will see you later, Watson.”
“Ha ha!”  The lady laughed.  Her boot heels clicked in some delight upon the carriage floor.  “I don't know if I'd call him
We spoke of other things: the poor condition of the gables and the splendour of its garden.  When Gregson mentioned Victor, it was with pride and love, and it filled my soft romantic heart with pleasure to hear him talk so.
“Why don't you consult your good old Index?” I offered hopefully.  I pretended to be busy with my shirt-cuff.
Langdale Pike poured himself a fresh cup of the vile tea.  He swallowed a third of it, and smacked his lips with some relish.
I left him standing there.  I descended to the hallway in the strangest funk, which held until I regained Upper Wimpole Street and sanity.  The day continued much the same as any other day.  I sent a telegram to Stamford, and received one in return.  The time dragged on until the later afternoon, when I retired to my rooms.  I dined alone, a simple meal of baked vegetables with cheese, and once the dishes had been cleared away I sat in rumination.  The doorbell rang at seven-thirty, and friend Stamford's face appeared, and I was very glad to see him.
And we smiled at each other, and we could not stop smiling, and in the days that followed, every time we found a humbug, or a penny, or a hairpin, that had escaped our search and strayed beneath the sofa or a rug or sideboard table, then we smiled afresh, anew.  Happy Valentine's, indeed – to friendship!  Yes, to friendship.
“Yes,” I nodded.  “Several ladies, while I studied for my medical degree.  But nothing came of either of them.”  I shrugged comically.  “And you?” I turned the question back to him.  Holmes quirked his lip, and took a sip of his white wine, which he rolled up and down his palate before swallowing, and answering.
“Good afternoon,” said he, “I do hope I'm not disturbing you.  It's an urgent matter, otherwise I should not have ventured out this far.  You are in danger, Mr. Holmes!  Your very life!”
The summer of 1889 was of the kind that melts the tarmacadam; that can render a fellow speechless, panting mute from its intensity.  House windows thrown wide open, and with shirt-sleeves rolled as high as one might dare (buttons a bother), when one was private and away from public glare.  But outside upon the street, of course, we men were trussed by decency in waistcoats, ties and jackets, our hats clamped damply to our perspiring heads.
And our visitor turned and stomped towards the door, then down the landing and from the stairs to the front door, which rattled and banged in his colic wake.
My old friend shrugged.  “We'll work it out,” he said.  “We fell in love.  That's all there is to say.”  He looked at us, then, curiously.  “Are you a pair as well?  For if you're not, I'll eat my hat.”
A slender hand reached out and took the packet.  “Thank you, John.”  Then:  “You were gone for a long while.”  His tone was petulant.
“Er, yes, I'm sure, most probably.  Good evening, then.”  We trotted both of us away up to my quarters, where the pup commenced to snuffle and to gambol, happy to be home at last, I think.  I took a change of clothes, and a small supper made of cold cuts, buttered bread, and boiled potatoes, all the while my thoughts returning to the friend I'd made today.  A flash of guilt.  I swiftly quelled it.  Quite ridiculous.
“Oh, welcome, welcome,” said the fellow.  I took a moment to regard him.  He was tall, of average build, but with a boding fleshiness about his jaw.  His eyes were grey, intense, and piercing.  He waved a fulsome hand towards the hall and stairway.  “There are some other guests already, you must meet them.”
A little silver-tonguework from my friend, and we had procured the last known address of ex PC Spencer.
“The Green Room is the only room which has two beds,” said Mycroft Holmes.  “Whether you offered, or were asked, it made no matter in the end.”
He blinked, and scratched his head.  “I don't like questions of this nature,” he said quietly.  Then, seeing my expression, he leaned forward, touched my hand.  “Just be sincere,” he said.  “And if it's meant to be, then it will be.”
The village, as it so happened, was small, close-knit.  A cluster of neat shops, a doctor's surgery, a school.  Extending out were leafy lanes with pleasant cottages and stables.
“It is all starting to make sense,” I said.  “But, my goodness, how will you break the news to Victor?  For the son will surely have the greater claim upon this house and its effects?  He is certain to contest the will, Holmes.  Whatever can we do?”  I thought for a moment.  “If it
,” said Holmes.  He disappeared.  For want of something sensible to do, I buttered toast and set a plate of it aside.  I moved the cold trays to the sideboard, straightened the cloth, and took my seat.  When Holmes returned, he was serene once more.  He joined me at the table.
I carried him to bed.  I wonder, now, how we quite managed to arrive there.  We were laughing, yes, delirious, so happy to have realised our truth.
“Yes, it was.  Do you really think me so unobservant that I should not have noticed on first inspection?  The criminal was aware that perhaps their trail lacked credibility, and so sought to compound it.”
,” I said.  I led him to the drainpipe.  “Look.  The pipe has pulled away from its fixing just here.  And there too, a little higher up.  There are some small fragments of brick, see, that have fallen.  I observed all of this, Holmes,” I said, my chest puffed proudly.
“I do not think so,” I replied.  “Holmes, you are a better and a kinder man each day, I hope you know that.”
He rose, and brushed his trouser legs.  He tutted at his boots.  He whisked his jacket from its peg.  “Come on.”
He all but threw himself in my direction.  He was in my arms, uncoiling like an octopus, his hands impatient,  ardent, as my own clung on for dearest life.
“You have an attitude,” I said.  I stretched beside him, so now mirroring our pose from hours earlier.
The ball is in your Persian slipper.  The jack-knife is on YOUR mantel.  I'd really appreciate your comments!  <3
“Would you object if I make contact with you later, at some point?  About the case,” he added swiftly.
I was beside myself with pleasure, now finding out that yes, I liked this, and that yes, this teasing turned me on as nothing had before.
“You have had so much to bear this past year,” I said.  “But your reunion with Gregson is the silver lining, my dear fellow.  We are happy for you both.  His strength will help you see this through.”
My friend exhaled a plume of pique, and paused to nibble on a fingernail.  “Is that important?  I suppose you'd think so, because you're nosey.  I'm surprised you didn't hear it, with your eagle ear.”
And I wonder, if I wake him would he allow me a full roust?  For I am hard and I am aching and I have bad dreams to dispel.
A very short while later, as saucepans rattled in the kitchen and the aroma of baked chicken wafted through to where we sat, I turned to Holmes.
The fire was lit, the room was warm, when we arrived at Baker Street.  With a brandy and cigar apiece, we sat opposite each other.
“I think,” said Mr. Oaks, his voice in wonder, “yes, I think that I should like that very much.  You've been most kind to me.  You've saved my bacon, so you have.  So yes, I do accept, and thank you kindly, thank you sirs!”
“Oh,” said he, his mouth in a small moue.  “Well, that's all right then, I suppose.”  He strode towards me, and on reflex I took a hind step back in turn, which cast me out upon the landing.
“They are often preferable to our own species,” said he, blinking.  “But I wonder who this boy belongs to.”
I allowed myself to dream, due to his very clear aversion to the fairer sex.  A chivalrous opponent all the same, but he distrusted womankind, and deemed their motives fair inscrutable.
“Forgive me,” I said, “if I fail to see how you can be effectively aerodynamic through a pair of twill trousers.”  I thought for a moment.  “Your theory might work very well, however, if the pair of you were garbed in swimming costumes, and you were cast into the middle of the Serpentine.”
I told him I would, and I sat in my chair by the fire as he hauled down his volumes of A through to E, and of F through to J.  Holmes catalogued trifles and snippets of news that he thought might prove useful in time.  Cuttings from papers and journals, and handwritten notes, on the widest of subjects: criminals, crimes, the titled people of London, the histories of many, and much more besides.  Now Holmes sat on the rug with his scissors and glue, and he snipped and he stuck to his deepest content.  And I, with time to breathe after the tumult of the morning, watched him work, and allowed my thoughts to stray to places where perhaps they'd better not.
I was halfway down the path before I realised the figure had withdrawn.  I wrenched the gate and stepped onto the path.  Mr. Parrow was retreating somewhat hastily; I all but ran and caught him by the upper arm, twisting him around with no small force to meet a pair of green eyes fixed on me and blinking in alarm.
And despite the heat, I felt a shiver through my spine.  My brain did its utmost to process this fresh information.  We had taken the train down to Surrey.  Somehow, this Spencer had observed our departure and pursued us, with Rusty in tow.  Taking note of arrangements he had set his own base camp, and then while he spied – on us, on the house, and presumably on Victor – the terrier Rusty had made his own sport.  What a coincidence that we should meet the pup and make a tender fuss of him.
“I do know that,” said he.  “And I do intend to turn him down.  My letter and this meeting only serves as friendly warning.  What you choose to do about this tomfool is your concern.  I have his exclusive interest for a day or two or more, but then I fear that he may turn to other avenues.”
“For once,” I said, “I am planning precisely nothing but this.  With the added bonus of sandwiches.”
Holmes stubbed his cigarette upon the window sill.  He moved towards me, set me firmly to one side, made for the door.
Holmes's next action terrified me.  He cast a leg out of the window, one hand outstretching for the drainpipe, the other anchored on the sash.  He was halfway out and rooting for a foothold in thin air when I lurched forward.
I loved him all the more for that.  I waited, and I did not press my want on him.  He closed the gap, and touched his mouth to mine.  It was the lightest of sensations, but the touch-paper was lit and my nerve endings were in flame.  We exchanged kisses, dry and delicate, and nose bumps; our hands were in each other's hair.  His tongue, then – questing! – searching for my own.  We danced a pirouette, and drew apart.  I watched him, as that brain of his began to whirr and analyse.  He closed his eyes and settled back, and sighed.
We reported to Lestrade, where my companion made it clear that he would be in touch directly, once he'd made some small research.  We left the house and took a stroll around the grounds towards the rear.  Holmes leaned against a wall and lit a cigarette.
Country birdsong is melodious but, rather more, it is insistent.  Holmes and I were woken early the next morning by some brash species perched in a tree outside our window.  The news it wished to tell us seemed most urgent, for it did not slow its trill until the both of us stirred upright in our bed.
He smiled slightly, pursed his lips and did not say.  I let him have his secrets for the moment.  I drank my tea and ate my lunch, and then whilst sitting with my pipe looked over at him once again.  He had stopped writing and was looking very pensive, lost in his dream world.  His elbow on the chair arm, with head crooked sideways and temple resting in his palm, he seemed a figure in deep thought.  At intervals, he frowned and flinched; occasionally he closed his eyes.  I was on the point of making some remark at this, when I saw his eyelids flicker and his gaze then direct upon me.
Holmes laughed, and pointed a long forefinger.  “And lo, the evidence,” said he.  “That mark upon your neck.  I'm sorry, John, it will take days to fade.  You might wear a cravat?”
“John, don't be maudlin,” said he with a sniff.  “You had best hope that one doesn't tip out on the mud, otherwise you'll be hooting.”
“Aye, well talking's a bad enough thing where that fellow's concerned.  Don't see him again, John.  Will you promise me that?”
I remained upon my bench for a spell longer, much fascinated by the fellow, wishing to see if he might pass by once again for further scrutiny.  Alas, but he did not.  The sun, too, ducked behind a bank of cloud.  I stood with a slight shiver, took up my purchases, and headed home.
My friend's eyes twinkled, and he drew me closer to him.  He held my chin and kissed me.  His lips were cold still from the winter, but his tongue was hot and amorous.  We clung in our embrace for half a minute, all raking hands and juddered breath.  We broke apart at last, both of us singularly affected.
And we shook hands again, and looked the other over as before.  He was smartly dressed in pinstripe, clean and prim, his raven hair slicked back, a smile – the slightest one – upon his face.
He fell back, gasping, to the sheet.  I lay there, dazed, whatever else?  I looked across.  We caught each other's eye, and grinned.
But the Inspector's rib was tickled – and by the colour of my cheeks and my mortified expression, all the more so.
“Brrrr,” he said, rubbing his hands before the fire.  “I'm frozen solid, John.  I'm an icicle in long johns.”
I felt a swell of raw emotion in my gut; a yearning draw towards this fellow sitting opposite, so calm yet so forlorn – and who I wanted very desperately to comfort.
He leaned back in his chair and raked his fingers through his hair.  “It's getting late.  I'd better settle up the bill.”
There was a luncheon, quite delicious, with light wines and paler spritzers.  There were people, in their hundreds, and the stage set out before us.  I eyed the speaker's podium, the table with awards, the pomp and glory.
I was distracted by the sight of Holmes with teapot and a caddy.  This spectacle was new to me.  I was much fascinated.
“A day of coincidence,” I agreed.  “Two visitors who apparently both commune with that strange gypsy, and seek your advice on the same day.  Is there more to it, do you think?”
'Dickie' signalled his arrival with a sally of grunts and the thud of a barrel.  An amiable man in his middle age, broad shouldered and grizzled, he gave our questions a similar parry.  We ordered our drinks and our meals and selected a table by the window.
“Not only books,” said Holmes.  He walked towards them, tucked his hand behind a panel.  I heard a click.  A hidden door revealed itself.  Holmes pulled it open.
I registered my sleeves in some dismay.  Evidently, I had brushed them on the passage wall, as streaks of dust and grime were now presenting clear as day.  “Oh blast,” I said.  I took my handkerchief, and dabbed, but ineffectually.
My friend let out a strangled gasp; he leaned his elbows on his knees, and thrust his head into his hands.  “And I need to feel it,” he admitted, through his fingers, from his heart.  “Because I love you.”
It was a banquet, yes, most certainly.  Ten courses, that began with soup, at some point roast asparagus, later still a fragrant bouillabaisse, so ending with a fruit sorbet.  Holmes ate quite lightly, I observed; I did the same, for nerves in part, and a dislike of overeating in the main before... exertion.  Surreptitiously, I slid my hand beneath the tablecloth, to place it on my friend's right thigh.  I let it rest there, as a promise of my own.  He flushed and fidgeted, and stumbled over words, to my amusement.  The evening was convivial; our group had had a fine weekend by all accounts.  Mycroft voiced the hope that it was not the last that we should spend together.
The inn was all but deserted.  An old patriarch in rustic garb was sitting on a high stool at the bar.  He nursed his glass – a clear coloured brew – and peered over at us sleepily.
Mr. Sloan – bearded, dressed in brown, with an umbrella in his hand – took three long strides into the room.
“Thank you,” I said, and I found myself shocked that I had managed to retain all my powers of speech.
“You really do exaggerate,” said he.  He tore it open and scanned the contents.  “It is from Mycroft,” he informed me.  “It has been attended to.”
I ventured on a charm offensive and thrust my hand into his orbit.  “Dr. John Watson,” I informed him.  “And I apologise.”
Holmes, despite his brooding these past minutes, broke into laughter.  He leaned against the wall, hands to his hips, his head thrown back.
That afternoon I had occasion to pay a visit into town.  The air that day was frigid, and so Holmes declined to walk with me.  He pointed to his violin, and made a sawing gesture.  So considering that I had made a fortunate escape from an ear-torturing concerto, I departed, muffled up against the elements.
My friend grabbed at Pike's upper limb, and wrenched up the white lace sleeve.  I observed a cotton wadding taped around at a high point.
“You don't remember taking notes?  Why, he was convicted of an attempt to poison his entire family – which was both parents and three elder brothers – in an attempt to gain full control of the country estate.  As it transpired, Eldritch was not a particularly gifted poisoner.  His family were stricken for weeks, but survived.  I discovered some traces of the plants he used, and a scorched paper of the mixture that was written in his hand.  That was enough to get him 'nicked', and for me to earn his profoundest enmity.”
He joined me, almost sulking, picked up a slice of toast and smeared across it with the faintest trace of butter.  I poured us each a cup of coffee, and we sat there by the window looking out into the morning hum.
We hovered in the doorway and peered into the panelled study.  Lestrade was kneeling by the desk, picking up a dislodged pile of books.  Holmes cleared his throat.  The Inspector started, ungainly spinning towards the sound.
“That suit is my favourite,” I said.  “It becomes you very well.”  I withdrew my hand reluctantly.  “But shall I get up?”
“I haven't thought of these letters in years,” I said, musing.  “I wonder how they ended up amongst all my other papers.  Pushed to the back of a cupboard, no doubt, and then caught up in a folder or file.  Oh well, they are here.”  I felt myself prevaricating.  “Oliver Everett was my first love affair.  We met in service – in my regiment.  I tended to an injury of his: a shrapnel wound.  It put him out of action for a while; I used to visit him; we'd chat.  We grew to exchanging confidences, and confessed ourselves quite early on.  That's not as rare as one might think.  War has a funny way of making clear how short and precious one's life is, and how to take all of the pleasure that one can, in any way that one can find it.”
The rain was battering the windows, but the bedroom was inviting, and with us snug and safe within I could resist its charms no longer.  I flung myself upon the counterpane, which smelt fresh and clean and welcoming.  I sighed and inhaled deeply.  Holmes sat beside me on the bed.
“I barely did,” said he, his head burrowed in my shoulder.  “John, this conversation is all which-way-about.  It is I who should be comforting
“I'll let you go, then,” said the fellow.  “I've kept you too long as it is.  The Yard will wonder where you are.”
I breached him gradually, his moans grew ever louder, 'til I feared that Mrs. Hudson might come knocking, surprised and anxious that her tenant be in agony or murder.  “Hush,” I said, “you have to hush!”
He bristled; waved behind him to a table crammed with pipes and glass and bottles filled with acids.  “I am an
“I saw the strangest little man,” I said, “whilst sitting at the green.”  Holmes's neck was bare and prominent.  I pinched it with my teeth.  He groaned.  “He appeared out of thin air, then the next minute, he was gone again.”  I cupped the mound of Holmes's trouser front.  “He did look very odd.”  Unbuttoning, I thrust my hand inside to find my prize.  I looked into my friend's grey eyes, a-flicker and aflame.  In a teasing tone:  “What is the matter?”
Which was not so long – two hours passed, and then the bell rang out below.  My friend unfurled himself, and stepped out to the landing.  When he re-entered, he was holding a small parcel.
...” from Holmes.  A minute or two later, and I heard the door wrenched open and the heavy, puffing steps of a large gentleman descending to the hall.  I waited yet, then slowly trailed down to the sitting-room.  The door was flung agape, and Sherlock Holmes was standing wretched in the middle of the room.
“For god's sake, Toby.”  We wrestled briefly, laughing, 'til I bested him by straddling his waist and pinning both his hands above his head.  “You pest,” I said.
(That Gregson had sat by to allow my friend to conduct his interview with no bumptious intervention was, to my mind, all but a miracle.  For he had listened as intently as the rest of us, held rapt within the story and content to know no crime had taken place.)
For where once there was decay, far too many years of neglect, now sprung fresh and renewed, clipped, pruned and planted.  Lavish borders, paths and hedges, fulsome flower beds and curios.  The moss-ridden fountain had been scrubbed and repaired, to reveal stone cherubs, lurching lions, both magnificent and elegant.
“Holmes,” I called out, then – for he had sprung ahead twelve paces, eager for I don't know what – “Holmes?”
The first Spring flowers were in bloom.  All the daffodils and tulips, and the crocuses and bluebells, unfurled and stretching to the sun, and bumping petals in the breeze.  The trees in leaf, still tentative, but birds now singing overhead from every branch; the sweetest chorus to be heard.  Our cottage windows, open wide to suck the scent in from the blossoms and the hint of ocean brine.
”  The elder Holmes let out a doughty chirrup that I supposed to be a laugh.  “Oh, he's remarkable, all right.  Ha ha!”  His grey eyes narrowed, took me in a little more.  “And you are friends?”
, James, I know my room, you needn't follow like a puppy.  Go and see to the nice doctor.  He's a new blood.  Off you go.”
And he, saying nothing, stared into thin air.  I supposed he was trying to put a name to a place, and so I thought nothing about it.
And I withdrew.  I laid my head upon his shoulder, and we shuddered in a unison that startled us, I think.
I glanced at Holmes.  “Indeed we are,” I said, a smile upon my face that drew a like one from my pal.
Holmes raised his chin bravely.  “For St. Valentine!” he piped.  If he saluted, then I did not see, for I had lifted up my singlestick and had dealt the moustache a sound thwack.
“At some point, John,” said he, “perhaps not now, but in the future, we might live together, mightn't we.”
“I say there, I do apologise,” said he, “I was hardly paying any mind, and then there you were, and – oh!  Why, it is Dr. Watson.  Good morning to you.  How are you keeping?”
I jiggled him.  “Be quiet.  You like it just the same as I.”  (He smiled.)  “We are both slightly ridiculous, but there is no-one here to see.”
“Stone's confession will exonerate the lady,” my friend replied.  “He in turn will face the full front of the law.  As for the skull, it remains in Dawkins' keep for the time being.  I think perhaps it will end up as an exhibit in the British Museum, if the experts have their way.  How about that, my dear fellow?  You'll be able to pay visits to 'Bugalugs'.”
Mr. Dooley was indeed a 'dapper dresser', for when he joined us at the table he was resplendent in a dark plum pinstripe suit, and boots so polished that one might have seen one's face in them (if one had so desired).  A handsome fellow, too, though delicate and fine-boned, with a sleek of ash blond hair.  I saw friend Adams fairly goggling, and tripping over words to pass the butter dish our way.  He caught me after lunch had been concluded, and the guests had wandered off to fresh amusement.
He lay beside me on the bed, as I grabbed handfuls of his flesh: his thighs, his back, his rump.  I grazed him with my teeth.  He let out a high-pitched whine, bucked hard against me.
“No,” I said, “not that.”  I waved my letter.  “Holmes!  It's this.  It is wonderful news.  I have won an award!”
I took a hansom, unperturbed, and headed eastwards towards Bart's.  When I arrived, the labs were thinning out; the students had gone home, save for a cluster round one table, deep in talk.  I looked around for Holmes, but he was nowhere within sight.
In the cab, en route to Baker Street, we sat apart.  The tension of the evening was delicious, yet still a torment, and I counted down the minutes as we clattered through the streets, and cursed the seconds that delayed us, and the key that fumbled in the latch, the stairs that climbed to hinder us.
We caught each other's eye, and both were smiling simultaneously.  The moment caught; somehow we held it for a second over comfortable.  Holmes coughed and looked away.  I felt my cheeks flush for a reason that I could not start to fathom.  I was thankful for the coffee cup, the window, and the newspaper.  When I returned my head to Holmes some several minutes later, his eye was back on me.  I wondered for how long.
“Anybody.  Nobody.  Mr. Dawkins remains adamant that his cousin, Mrs. Barker, sent him the skull on the Thursday morning with a message that it now belonged to her and she thought that he might like it, since she had neither a use nor wish for it.  She did not ask for any money.”
We stooped to pet the animal, to calm its mania.  (I have always been fond of dogs, owning one – a jolly mongrel (we named him Teddy) – as a boy.  My university studies and subsequent army career had precluded my owning another.  Impractical now, too, as then.)
Holmes shook his head.  “Another time.  I won that round.”  He sniffed.  “You exaggerate your war wound.”
I understood, but oh, I did not want to leave him now, when I was aching, hot and trembling for more.
We did so.  It was pleasant, warm and quiet, save for the waves and soaring gulls in raucous glory high above.
“This really doesn't bode well,” said my friend.  He placed a kiss to my left cheek.  “I love your good heart, do you know that?  It is always in your nature to protect.  You have many fine qualities, but that is one of your best.”
Inspector Gregson, as it turned out, was on the other side of London on a case investigation and not due back until the morrow.  Lestrade, however, was pleased to see us both.  He ushered us inside his tiny office where we made small talk for ten minutes, and drank tea – strong brewed, delicious – for five more.  At length he came to question the genuine reason for our visit.
I had found a clear and pleasant spot to rest: an oval, sun-warmed patch beneath a tree, beside a stream.  I set down my knapsack and loosened its buckle, pulled back the flap and removed what was within: a small tablecloth (white), tin cups and plates (raucous), a corked earthenware bottle, and wax-paper wrapped bundles.   The former and the latter I unfolded and laid out.  I fussed around the edges of the cloth; I weighted it with a stone at every corner.  Holmes, meanwhile, was eyeing me severely.
“That was his daughter, Isobel,” I said, voice shaking from the shock of Holmes's fury.  “There were the five of us at dinner: Anstruther's family, and me.  I was walking Isobel to see her
I stretched and yawned and cast about for my watch.  It was a quarter past seven exactly.  I could hear no movement elsewhere in the house, and had to wonder if our host's head was just as woolly.  My mouth was dry; I licked my lips and swallowed air.
Our journey to Scotland Yard kept my mind reeling, as I clawed through all the evidence.  Each new statement seemed to reveal a contradiction, each fact in question.  To begin with, a mysterious and deadly night caller, who escaped from a locked room – but via the window, or the door?  Was it they who stole the skull and wrote the note and then delivered it to Dawkins?  Or was Mrs. Barker lying merely to protect herself?  But if the latter were the case, it did not alter the plain fact that her handwriting was not a match to the skull's note!  And if the damage to the drainpipe
My friend huffed softly.  “Which would beg the question as to why they might be standing in our doorway in the first place,” he replied.  Then:  “I
I shut the door on the chuntering pair and moved across to my friend.  It was only then that I set eyes on the safe and its contents.
“Oh!  I didn't do it!  I can't remember!  Why should I send it to him?  Eugene knew of the skull, of course he did, for I mentioned the horrible thing the last time that we met – which was purely by chance in the butcher's, because we don't make a habit of meeting.  I was after a pound of sausages.  I have no idea what he was there for.  A whole pig's head, knowing him.  But, I don't know.  Does he have it?  Is that what he said?  Mr. Holmes!  Are you accusing me of stealing?”
Holmes made a noise, at once dismissive, non-committal.  He withdrew, wrenching his shoulder free.  He tossed the bear, and stepped towards the door.  I held him back.
“It is like I said,” replied the fellow, “by my coming here and telling you.  I suppose you are a sceptic?  Scientists most often are, and the same goes for detectives, as the paths often converge.  Hmm!  As it is, I have no proof.”
I hustled the poor lady in, chivvied her through to the kitchen and sat her down on a chair.  She was wearing the same costume as on all previous days, and once again no coat.  She shivered violently, and rubbed her mittened hands.  “It's bawbag cold,” said she, her mouth in downturned misery.
Sherlock Holmes was in, and he was smoking his first pipe.  It consisted of the random plugs and dottles from the day before – so was therefore fairly noxious.  He sprang erect upon my entrance, almost up-ending the table lamp.
And I bowed, and turned away, and headed on back up the stairs to fresh insanity; the oddest smile upon my face.
“Oh, well, yes,” replied Stone.  “The owner – who is our friend, you know! – has been given the most
He exhaled; his points retracted, and he turned his head to contemplate the interfering fellow sat beside him.  “I don't know,” he said.  “But Watson, there are two things you must do for me.”
His hands were agitated, and I watched them as they fluttered at his side, both delicate and mottled, strangely.  “Acids,” he said sharply, noting the angle of my eye.  “I dabble a good deal in chemistry, and my hands come off the worse for it.”  He tucked them in his pockets with a mote of shy self-consciousness.  He peeked at me.  “I do hate being stared at.”
Yet even he was silent when we reached the edge, the sea view there ahead of us – in shades of grey, but all the same, quite stunning – the wind here whipping at our collars and fair whistling in our ears.
“I realise now how very mad it sounds,” he said, his cheeks a flush.  “But Gypsy May was so emphatic, and it made sense at the time.  I am very much afraid that I have made a fool out of myself.”
We arrived back in the sweltering furnace – that is, to say, London – shortly after midday.  Having tolerated precious little sleep the night before, I was yawning loudly by the time we turned the key at Baker Street.  Holmes flung himself immediately upon the sofa.  He stretched out prone and lolled his head against the cushions.
“You'll be wanting my key then,” the old woman said, and she plucked at her pocket and offered it up.  “As long as you'll be around when I want in, 'cause I don't rate a broken neck for climbin' up your drainpipe.  Well, your larder's fully stocked, at any rate.  You'd fancy dinner now, I reckon.”
“It is all right,” replied Holmes.  “Just explain what you can.  And it need not be now.  You look as if you could do with a brandy, or a good meal, or both.”
“Oh, little,” said he, “except that he has risen again, and is in contact with Pike, wanting cash for great scandal.
Mr. Parrow blinked and nodded, with an expression akin to awe upon his face.  “I am aware,” he replied softly.  “I am aware, oh yes, indeed.”  His fine moustaches twitched in pleasure.  He shook the hand proffered to him, and introduced himself quite formally.  “I am from the Belgian police force,” he explained.  “One day I hope, perhaps, to extend myself more in your line of work.  I find you an
He made a gesture by his head.  “It moves too fast, I can't keep up with it.  You don't know what it's like.”
He looked at me, his chest still heaving.  “I don't know.”  He tucked and smoothed his shirt.  “Forgive me.”
I bit my lip.  Should I be truthful, or evasive?  “I'm here for Holmes,” I said, deciding on the former.
The tea tray arrived.  I poured a cup for Holmes and took it to him.  And then, as he accepted it, our hands touched, for a brief moment.  He flinched, almost as if he had been scalded – and in fact he almost was, as a greater measure of the liquid ended up inside the saucer.
“I think the waiters would object if you were in my lap again,” I said.  “The flowers would go flying, and the wine would all be spilled.”
“Sometimes I prefer you when you are asleep,” I said, without caring to elaborate.  My forkful of bacon and egg made its landing at last.  I buttered a thick slice of toast and watched Holmes as he scribbled a telegraph form.  I wondered who in all the world 'E. Bruce' could be, if they were male or female, and what involvement they could have in this affair.
“Shame, shame,” Gregson repeated, his mouth a moue.  “Still, you could try again tomorrow.  That is the way with crime, you know.  It is always unexpected.  And we're always glad to see you.”
“I would not wish to hold you up,” I said, my heart a little blue.  “We were just heading to the park.”
I took a bath that evening, wincing as the soapy water touched my sun burn.  I made a mental note to buy a summer hat the very instant I returned back home to London (and the thought of 'home' did not appeal at all).    My only comfort was that Holmes lived relatively close, on Baker Street.  I wondered would he even want to see me, after this?  Would he have second thoughts, a wiser call to judgement, deem me too much of a risk, and too much trouble to be bothered with?  All these thoughts and more I agonised with, while I flannelled down my scarlet skin and towelled myself dry.
“I suppose you want our story, then,” said he.  “Well, here I go.  I hold no shame to it.  My wife was healthy, Mr. Holmes, sir, when she first heard from her old friend – your landlady – Mrs. Hudson.  And she was happy, aye, so happy to have that letter, for we were down to our last penny, just about.  Housekeeping jobs are few and far between 'round here, and for myself, I've had no better luck with my own trade in shoe-making.  I earn a little, scarce enough.  Things were looking up now, when Martha found her post with you.  Then she fell ill, and took to bed.
I awoke on Tuesday morning feeling wretched.  Or rather – for a few brief blissful seconds – I was yawning and incognisant; and
“Good morning, Holmes.”  He had replaced the book upon the shelf.  As I passed, I could not help but cast a quick glance at the spine to see what field of research my friend was working on.
“I was attempting to be subtle,” said my friend.  “If I had been too direct, I fear our friend would have clammed up.  That is, if he knew anything at all about the skull.  This way, I hoped to worm a little positive information.  Which, alas, was not forthcoming, but never mind.  The tree may yet bear fruit.  Did you happen to hear the discussion in which those other three were engaged?”
“Good afternoon, my gentlemen,” the vision said.  It grimaced in a close approximation of a smile.  “My name is Mrs. Oaks.”
After breakfast, I spent three hours and wrote close to a thousand words.  I decided that might be enough.  I had included some life history, a large amount of modesty, and hearty thanks to the voting public, my patient and loyal publisher, and
“You're incorrect,” said Holmes.  “At least, as regards the latter.  Note the position of the body.  And see, the drawer of that small bureau quite close to Ramsey has been pulled open.”
He circled the small study, taking close note of the desk and drawers, the pictures on the walls, the bowing bookshelves.  At length, he left the room and off into – I assumed – the main bedroom.  Five minutes had elapsed before he returned.
little pipsqueak came to see me here, three days ago.  You are no doubt unaware that he was expelled from the police force very recently.  Hmm, hmm.  He did not care to elaborate.  His mother has disowned him.  He would not elaborate on that
My old friend choked, lost all ability to breathe, and sat there spluttering for seconds while I clapped him on the back.  When he'd recovered both his air and equilibrium, he looked at me in wonder and not a small amount of shame.
'Just for a little while,' I said to my old Martha.  'Until you're feeling well again, and then we'll cross that bridge.'
As if on cue, there was a slam below, a brisk step on the stair, then here he was, the man in question, with his face alight on seeing me.  His eyes caught on his brother just a brief split second later, and the shock upon his face compelled a similar reaction from myself.  We stood, all three, in a wide circle, puzzled, glaring and aloof.
Our evening was delightful.  The meal at Simpson's was delicious: fried scallops, and a light grilled Dover Sole for our main course, with something rather piquant in white wine.  The “drama” at the Griswald was one by a leading playwright, and well acted; so it was that we arrived home by eleven, entertained and fully sated.
“So we set to thinking, and I decided that I'd help the best I could.  I didn't reckon that you'd like a man about the place for cooking or for cleaning, so I dressed up in Martha's clothes, and found a bonnet that hid my face quite well enough, and well, my voice was never so deep that it might be a struggle to raise it higher.
We rounded the ball games, and by a circuitous route reached the lake where a number of small boats were milling.  It was as though the water's surface comprised a million tiny diamonds, so beautifully it glittered as we paused to watch the revels.  By luck we found a bench not far away, and sat to rest.  Between the intermittent birdsong, the distant bandstand chimed and parped a tune that warped and wafted on the breeze.
And three minutes past, there came the knock we were expecting.  And there was Mrs. Oaks upon our doorstep, blinking up at us.
The houses on Exeter Place were very fine, and number nine finer than most, with its three-storey height of red brick, large sash windows, and tended bushes to the front.  The Royal blue door was standing open as we approached and stepped up to our man in uniform.  A few words had us through and to the hallway, where we found Lestrade in waiting.  He eyed the pair of us suspiciously.  “Hello, now, what's all this?”
I nodded, trying my utmost to appear somewhat cognisant.  “Mrs. Barker has a poor memory?” I suggested.
There came the slightest shadow across the woman's face.  She shook her head as if to toss a thought away from her.  “No, you did not,” she said.  “I mean to say, that I am sorry for the trouble.”
The dog was nosing around the doorstep, but upon hearing its master's foghorn of command it trotted off to keep his heel.
Mr. Dawkins was much surprised to have us greet him once again.  His stool creaked as if it might collapse and take him with it to the floorboards.  He set down the yellow-back he had been reading, and called out across the glass-topped aisles a “Good morning!” once again.
“You'll what?”  I lurched towards him, but he vanished through the door.  I heard the bathroom door swing to, then the sound of running water.  The little man forgotten – temporarily – I tracked my friend down to the threshold.  He had soaked a bathroom flannel and was now briskly wiping down.  He raised his head and winked.  “Don't dare.”
We took a cab, discreetly holding hands the length of the short journey.  Once at the restaurant, alas, the place was crowded and our privacy was limited.  We made the best of this, enjoying a good dinner with red wine.  I looked around at other tables, musing if say, perhaps, that
I worked him gently, fascinated, as he writhed and pitched and clutched at the thin counterpane.  He twisted round to scrabble at his bedside drawer, removing a small jar which he now thrust at me.  “You might use this,” he said.
My friend sniffed.  “What is the point of a card if you don't know who it's from?” he demanded.  “What, really, is the point at all?”
The lady winked, gave me a nod.  “I know full well,” said she.  “My goodness, though, he makes me cross sometimes.  He is quite the strangest gentleman I've met in all my life.”
Holmes's bedroom was a barren land, with the minimum of furniture and precious little in the way of a homely touch.  The room was chill; the fire unlit.  He sat upon the narrow bed and eyed me with suspicion.
My blood, now heading south.  My head a faint, my fingers trembling.  Those fingers, in a tremble, raised my glass up to my lips.  I took a swallow, placed the glass upon the table, turned to look at him.  “I'll take you,” I said softly.
There was an interim while Holmes tugged open drawers, rifled the contents.  The desk was a snowstorm of paper.  At length he straightened up and banged hard shut the bureau lid.
“If they did, I did not hear it, sir.  Sometimes the kettle whistles, or I'm tidying up the crockery, and then I don't hear much else at all.  My ears aren't what they used to be.  I'm forty-five now.”
“Might it have been an old friend, returning a favour?  If it was not his profession, he would have not raised an invoice.  Holmes, I say, I wonder if he was paid at all?”
I dropped our bags into a corner and briefly contemplated calling down to Mrs. Hudson for some tea.  But far too drowsy for even that, I headed into Holmes's unused bedroom for a horizontal space.  The bed was neatly made, the sheets still fresh.  I pulled the curtains to, removed my jacket and my waistcoat, and curled upon the covers where I quickly fell to slumber.
“You must do nothing of the sort,” said he.  He rinsed his face and dried it with the towel.  “I'd recommend that you go easy on the brandy, though, in future.”
One finger, two, and then the puffed flesh quivering and tightening around me.  Pushing in, and pulling out, hearing him whine, a high-pitched strangle in my ear.
I struck a match and lit two cigarettes, and we smoked a little while.  And the world slowed down its tilt-a-whirl, and the rain asked for permission to make itself heard once again.
.”  He took my arm and led me from the confines of the pot plant to the harbour of the bar, where we bought whiskies and then found a discreet corner, where we sat to watch the hustle back and forth.  “That woman is wearing a ridiculous gown,” said my friend.  “It's all frou-frou and muddle.  If her escort doesn't step on it and rip it half to shreds then I'll be more than half surprised.”  He continued with this commentary, much to my own amusement, as we sipped our drinks in comfort.
“Touché, Watson,” he said, smiling.  “Come on, let's not waste any more time than we already have.  Oh, I had better introduce you, I suppose, or there'll be trouble.”
“I must attempt to find Eldritch,” my friend said at last.  “So I will contact Lestrade.”  And this he did.
“There, there now, don't get all upset,” said Lestrade.  “These fine gentlemen wish only to talk.  They are Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson.  They are helping Scotland Yard with this enquiry.”
“She is harmless, John, and too aged to be conniving in such a fashion.  It is coincidence, and nothing more, you must take my word on that.”
It being June, the weather warm, the train was stifling, but still, I sat quite cheerfully between an elder vicar and a dowager; the latter fair intent on emptying her Gladstone bag in search of something that she could not find: her spectacles or notebook, who was to say?  But she was tutting all the same, as if her fellow travellers were all to blame for her misfortune.  At our final destination, we stepped down.  The sun was blazing now.  I gathered up my bags and met the carriage that would take me to the house.  I was not the only guest to travel by the train: the dowager was heaving her round frame up on the plate into a seat, just as I strapped my paltry luggage to the rack.
“Good morning, gentlemen,” said she.  “Mr. Holmes, you have a visitor.  It's a Mr. Archie Flowers, from Charing Cross.”
He moved towards it imperturbably.  “I had new curtains put in recently,” he told me conversationally.  “And the wardrobe's an antique; at least as old as Mrs. Hudson.”  He turned the handle, and the door swung inwards silently.  We stood upon the cusp, both of us breathing rather heavily, I thought.  The seconds stretched and snapped.
The library had a yield of four.  By now, the teams had drifted back inside to spread around the lower floor.  I suggested to my friend that we might venture up the stairs.  “Perhaps the attic,” I said, hopefully.
He gave a nervous giggle.  “So many have said quite as much, and yet still I survive,” he confessed.  “May my luck never run out.”  He patted my hand.  “I am very proud of you, you know, my dear fellow.  You are very deserving of your... thing.”
room.  To hell with the sheets.  For goodness sake, if it means that much to you then I'll change the damned things.  Or we'll not change them at all.  You are trying my patience.”
“Mr. Holmes!  Dr. Watson!” said Victor, extricating himself with some effort.  “I am so glad you are here once again.  I can only apologise for your having to travel with this terrible oaf.  He is quite out of control, as you see.”
“You will have many fond admirers,” I continued as I warmed to my theme.  “They will have read my Strand reports, and they will know everything about you.”
,” said Mr. Holmes.  He sat upon the patient's chair before my desk, and straightened out his coat.  “It was elementary, Dr. Watson.  Listen
He was gone within minutes, wrapped up like a mummy in a thick scarf and gloves, leaving me crestfallen to twiddle my thumbs out until his return.  I could not concentrate on books, needless to say, so very puzzled was my head with all this mystery.  I pottered down to Mrs. Hudson, found out that fish and baked potatoes was on the menu for that evening, and returned with half a treacle tart to tide our stomachs over.
Confused, I let the subject drop.  We spoke of books instead, and as the evening drew the darker I found myself with a small pile that sat beside me, with more yet added as my friend plucked volumes down from his great shelves.  “You
“If you have nothing better to do,” he said, “I should be glad if you would join me.  The exercise would do you good.  You have gained three pounds since Friday.”
My eyebrows shot into my head.  “Well, yes, I think I might, that's true enough.  I do enjoy being creative, and--”
We lay like that until we fell asleep.  When I awoke again, the lamp was still aglow, the night was full; that hour before the dawn when time seems endless, faintly magical.  Holmes had curled against my chest, was sleeping peacefully.  The room was warm, too much so, and the bed covers were stifling.  I eased them down, a little, to our waists.  I caught my breath, for Holmes's nightshirt had rucked up, revealing inches of bare thigh, perilously close to what I dreamed of most of all... I turned my head away
“Mr. Oaks,” said Holmes, “if you would like – and I am sure Dr. Watson will agree with me – it might serve you well for longer here.  If you are amenable, that is.  Dresses and bonnets not required.”
And my hand curls around him, and I hear his soft gasp, feel the jolt of his hips as my thumb circles and traces.  He is perfect.  He is everything.  He is the one.
The corridors we walked down were quite empty at this time, and our footsteps rang most pleasant on the tile.  Pike's room was familiar to us: a strung mess of chairs and shelving.  The morning sunlight, blazing clean straight through the lattice, had us blinking for our host, his usual perch now sitting empty.
I walked straight up to him.  He raised his head and looked at me, afraid.  “I am so sorry, John,” he said.  “I know you think the lesser of me now, and --”
“The Gypsy May reads tarot cards,” said Mr. Sloan – who had not noticed our sudden snap to fast attention – “and she read a spread for me, at my request.  Good gracious me, those cards!  If you had seen them, Mr. Holmes.  They pointed fair and square at you, there's no denying, although not mentioning you by name, of course.  I don't know if you're aware of how the tarot works?  Oh, well.  The Emperor, The Tower, Death, and others, they all popped their heads up.  It's you, Mr. Holmes, and your life is at risk, I just know it.”
He nodded slightly, took it from me, turned it over in his hands.  I sensed a sadness in him, suddenly.  My hand reached out to touch him, offer empathy; it rested on his shoulder, where the muscles curled and tensed, tried in themselves to throw me off.
“No, John, wait,” said Holmes.  He set down what he was reading.  “If you knew anything of Spanish, then you would know that
A further scrabbling from within.  Something was knocked onto the floor, for I heard a smash and then a curse.
“I've felt the same,” said Holmes.  “We really are ridiculous, the pair of us.”  He poked at me.  “I thought you were a ladies' man.”
never does anything,” said Holmes.  “Not personally.  And I rather doubt that he would tell you, even if you asked him nicely.”
“Oh no, it's neither of those things.”  I laughed.  “I really have a bull pup.  His name is Max.  He would adore this fire of yours.  He'd curl in front of it and snooze away for hours.  He snores, you know, and chases rabbits in his sleep.”
“If there's one thing I can't stand,” said my companion as we slowly separated, “it's the smell of burning sausages before I've washed my face.”  He heaved himself out of the bed and stood there, naked, proud and flexing.  I admired him.  I lit a cigarette and watched him bustle crabwise to the wash stand.  The water shocked him into wakefulness.  He rattled through his wardrobe and emerged in a clean shirt and suit.  He sat upon the bed to tie his laces.  “Are you getting up at all?”
I followed Holmes inside the gables and to the study, leaving Victor on his bench.  Holmes set himself upon the bureau, which was encumbered with many papers, rolls and scrap-notes.
(as I called it).  We would stroll into the village, and en route or otherwise I felt quite certain we would see that little misfit.  Whereupon, I thought, the one of us would tackle him to candour.
yet, before he chose to answer me.  “Not very large,” he said.  “I have one elder brother still alive, and that is all.”
“Yes, but you'd be wise to be more careful, all the same,” I said.  “What makes you think that he'd reciprocate?”
I lit a cigarette.  “It is no use your looking at me like that,” I said.  “Because I still don't know.”
He chuckled as he fastened up his trousers, and I busied with my own.  We sprawled back down.  He lit his pipe, I drained my brandy glass.  The letters on the table now ignored, of little consequence and brazier-bound.  And together we sat, peaceful, as the late evening turned to night.
Our loving most often concludes in this way: with he on his back, or his elbows and knees, accepting me in, fully wanton.
“It's not your fault,” said he.  “You mustn't pay me any mind when I'm like this.  I must go out.  I shan't be long.  At least, I
We turned and headed back the way we'd come.  I left the pup with Mrs. Hudson, who set to spoiling him, and Holmes and I trekked upwards to the sitting-room.  We shed our coats and hats, and took the sofa, side by side.  “Mrs. Hudson will bring tea soon,” said my friend.  “She always does.”
“Never mind then,” said he.  “Just as long as I am handsome.  And just as long as whoever plays you has a lovely thick moustache, and just as long as the writers don't marry you to some mad and wretched female, it will be fine and quite all right.”  He beamed.  “I shall be remembered, Watson!”
“Oh, why, partly with the help of this, of course,” said he, removing from his pocket a small tan-leather book and waving it aloft.  “I took Talmadge's address book from his desk drawer.”
elude you.  You must speak with her, find out her name and where she lives and what she wants here.  Do I make myself clear?  Memorise her features and her voice and anything strange at all that strikes you.  Can you do that for me?  Thank you.  I rather hope that we might find her before you do.  But it is no good for us to sit here as we are in one great huddle.”
His hands were in my hair, his lips were pressed to mine.  They were the softest lips I'd ever touched, as smooth, as plump as 'mallow; and I crushed my own to his as though I were a drowning man.  We clung and wrestled with each other, hands now roving and caressing, with his left upon my backside, and my right upon his thigh, it seemed quite needful that we move or separate.
Holmes tutted in admonishment.  “Well, any fool can see the ink is black, and any imbecile could tell you that the stamp is crooked.”
His attention was so wholly on that sandy coloured terrier that he did not notice us at all, nor the fact that Holmes had taken one step out from behind the lamp post to track his path.
He shook his head again, and laughed.  I joined the laughter, and we both rolled in our chairs at this small comicry, until at last we paused and stared each other over, solemnly.
“I'm not as bad as all that,” said Holmes with asperity.  He ducked his chin to his chest and blew a soft serenade of fat raspberries.  I found it difficult to ascertain if they were meant for me or not.
I burst out into laughter, and he joined me, and we sat there on the bench in Regents Park, like two mad men with some strange secret, which – when you come to think of it – was precisely who we were.
“And yet you would have me prone upon this wretched grass, regardless.”  A pause.  “Oh, you know what I mean.”  A distracted brushing of the pollen, of the mud; of close attention to the bootlace.
was the name.  Well, sir, you mustn't crouch down like a beetle.  Sit up on this chair I have set for you.  That's better.  John, if you might fetch the brandy, please.  Thank you.”
“Well, I imagine that he has other things to do, besides sitting in that office pile and waiting for our telegrams,” I said.  “Oh, and before I forget to say, we have baked potatoes and fish for our dinner tonight.”
“Oh yes,” said she, “I know the gentleman.  He is a patient here.  He changed addresses fairly recently, I think.”
Mycroft seemed much amazed.  “Dooley?” he said, frowning.  “What on earth?  I thought he'd cancelled.  Well, then, no matter.  Show him his room, Anne, thank you kindly.  It's the Blue.  Tell him to join us when he likes.”  And then, to all of us, when the maid had closed the door: “Dooley's a character.  He works in publishing.  Don't get him talking on
“Thank you, no, that won't be necessary,” my friend replied.  “You do not have anything larger than that?”
I groaned and squirmed and pulled him down towards my mouth.  I kissed him deeply, and observed how very different it is to kiss a man, and all the lines of him, the firmness and the leanness, and the muscle, very different indeed.
I carried it to the door and down the stairs and to the threshold, where I knocked upon the parlour.
was the clue I needed when we were at the house just yesterday.  The position of the body was not amenable with suicide, is what I'm trying to say.”
Easing trousers and a flash of thin white cotton over narrow hips, now a dark dune on the floor, he stepped aside quite naked.  He raised his arms a fraction from his sides, as if to say:
“Oh, I don't know.”  He stood.  I heard him shuck away his jacket and his waistcoat, and his shoes upon the rug.  The bed creaked as he joined me, and we lay there, closely intimate, while listening to the rain.  After an interval, I felt his fingers tracing a light trail along my collarbone, with his breath upon my neck.  Those fingers dallied at my shirt-front, and slipped inside. I gasped aloud.  “Your hands are
“You can go up,” said Mrs. Hudson, “but I don't know how he'll be.  I've never seen him in this state.”
We watched in curiosity as an old woman passed by the gate, a heavy sack over her shoulder.  She grunted to herself as she continued down the lane.  A rogue apple or potato made its escape from the loose neck and bounced away.  Cursing blue, she chased it, her precious quarry rolling, rolling.  A few seconds later and she had disappeared from view.
Inside, a wooden box, dull and unpolished, a tight brass catch upon the lid.  Under the lid, a bed of ruffled velvet; and on that, a small glass phial.
Adams shrugged.  We turned to look back at the house.  Through the large window of the drawing room, we saw more people gathering.  It was almost time for lunch.  We headed back, detouring through the trees and hugging at the shade.
“Your initials are embossed upon your bag,” my friend replied.  “Your surname, I confess, was uncovered merely by research.  You are this gentleman's adoptive mother.”
I drew him over to the sofa, and we sat, he with his back against the arm.  I leaned towards him, and he tensed, ever so slightly.  Our faces stopped within an inch.  His lips were parted, yes, but barely, and I heard a sharp intake of tremored breath.
I felt protective of a sudden, for this odd man with his fierce brother; all the complexities of family that I no longer had.  A pang of tenderness reached out from me and wove its way in tendrils to my friend, who sat there watching me, his cup raised to his lips, a second sandwich on his knee.
He nodded, and darted away to his room, as I headed off in another direction to have my hair trimmed more correctly.  I never did see my curl again.  Sometimes I wonder what became of it, where it is kept, and what colour ribbon now complements it, but I should not dare to ask my eccentric friend directly, for he would only say that I am being strange, as usual.
“I live nearby,” I said, upset too at the thought of that.  “We'll see each other all the time, I promise.”
“I know just who might benefit from these,” said he, wide-smiling.  “Do you still hold their address in your book, Mr. Holmes?”
I did so.  We examined him together, before Holmes roamed around the room on his own methods, and so forgetting me entirely.  I stood to one side and watched him as he shuffled on his knees, peered through both the windows, and crouched down behind the sofas and the chairs.  It all seemed very thorough, and I found myself enjoying the odd spectacle (particularly the moments when his rump was in the air and pointing true in my direction).  I had so many probing questions, not the least of which was if the man was married or a bachelor, and if, pray god, the latter, then possibly...?
I felt put on the spot.  I cleared my throat once or twice.  “Well, my dear fellow, I imagine it might be because he is slighter than you?”
I chuckled.  “I am a practical fellow.  I have not tried meditation, and I have little idea as to how one might attempt to 'heal' with a crystal.  But
“May I ask as to why you display the skull upon a shelf inside your bedroom, if its presence disturbs you to such a degree?”
And with his face thrown to his hands, he wept, as he had done the day that I first visited Rose Lane.
“I do not have fleas,” I replied.  “It is my hair that is the problem.  It is too long, and it is tickling.  It is worse now with this sunshine.”
My friend wrinkled his nose at the latter.  His eyes strayed to the sideboard, all the same.  For a letter might bring casework, a random intrigue or some small interest.
“Well, what do you expect me to do?”  Holmes was standing by the shelves in his laboratory, arms laden with glass bottles and pipettes.  “I mean to say, John, it is none of our business, is it, really?”
“Mycroft, please be aware from the very outset,” said my friend, “that you are not allowed to crow or say 'I told you so'.”
“Don't praise me yet,” said he, still frowning, “it is not as easy as it looks.”  He sighed, and turned around to meet me.  “Are you all right?”
“You weren't complaining when you bedded me.”  And now I was belligerent, and handling it quite badly.  “I suppose that if I'd made you wait, you'd think the better of me.”
He often did this: sharp eyes softening and narrowing, to fix upon a point quite close upon me, where it dawdled, oft for minutes at a time.  And I might ask him
A tap upon our door.  It was Miss Alice, asking for a private word.  They disappeared onto the landing, and I finished up my wash, and changed my shoes.  I met Holmes downstairs in the dining room.
We spent a while in consultation.  By the end of it, I found myself professing admiration for the patience that this woman showed when dealing with the despot on the upper floor.  I learned of his dark moods, his sharp impatience, and his lethargy – but also his sincerity, his honesty, his kindnesses.  Might the two sides balance out?  I could not say.  All I knew was that I had to seek him out once more, to update him on his landlady's condition.  I patted Mrs. Hudson's hand.  “I'll see you once again,” I told her kindly, “and that should find you fully well again, no doubt.”
If there were two things that I wanted more than anything to do, then the first was to touch the curl, and the second was to move – and as quickly as I could – away from this maniac in front of me.
All of the ground floor rooms were locked.  We ascended to the first floor and found it likewise.  Holmes muttered his frustration as we progressed to the final landing.  One door was open, the sunlight spilling out onto the polished floor.  Inside, we could hear a soft foot-tread and a series of dull thumps.
“I was not put on this earth to be your sole source of amusement,” I retorted.  “I've been shopping.  See, I've bought some holly, and some ribbon, and some cottonwool, and --”
My friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, was a man wholly driven by his impulse, as I have had endless cause to mention – and in great detail – these past years.  Benevolent, as the impulse never failed to be, regardless, it rained chaos on our lives to some degree until the mania receded.
He rose, just slightly, fell back down. Cried out.  Again, again, again...  I bit his flesh; his nails scraped mine; we heaved and fucked, and thrust and
My friend tutted with impatience.  “Yes, yes, but you already KNOW that.  Everybody knows it, because you will insist on writing up those silly stories of yours.  I don't know why you always seem so surprised about everything.”
“I don't know.  I hate not knowing things.”  He sipped his tea.  He eyed me gravely.  “I hate not knowing what would have happened if I'd said
Now, there's a limit to what lovers can do, on a sofa, in daylight, with an unlocked room door.  We could move, or desist, or carry on as we were, doing little but nothing of naught.
I spent an hour there; we talked of other things, and played a game of cards.  With promises to meet again some time, I left and returned home.  I wondered, would we do so? – or if this was a catalyst; the axis which would find us fading from each other's lives.
When we arrived at Baker Street, we both were slightly out of breath.  To my dismay, I saw a figure on the step, leaving the house.  It was my friend.  I raised my voice, called a
“I think it is more than that,” said my friend.  He took out his wallet.  “Come, Watson, if you are quite finished, my dear fellow.  I am afraid we must revisit friend Dawkins.”
“It's true,” I said.  I reached to touch him, to caress, to stroke the pale and blooming flesh.  He squirmed and mewled, and so collapsed.
“So I introduced myself instead as a keen gardener, who would be willing to work her land at little cost.  It was just to get to know her in the slightest bit, you see.  And she, bless her kind heart, she said yes.  And aw, our conversations were so grand.  She would stand there at her open window and we would talk, or she would follow me round the garden and I'd point out new flowers and the plants.  That garden looked so fine when I was through.  Then I was fearful that our time was up, that if I didn't say it now I never would.  So I arranged for us to meet again.  I handed her a pretty rose, and then I summoned all my courage and I told her, Mr. Holmes.  I told her.  I have this birthmark on my shoulder, see, so I showed her that to prove I wasn't lying, that she'd remember it and know that it was me.”
“I rather like the idea of being grabbed by the round-a-bouts.  But as for intrusion, unfortunately, don't we have our dear housekeeper due to launch herself upon us?  It must be almost five o'clock by now.”
...”  He broke off laughing.  “John, I love you.  You're with me.  That's all that matters in the end.”
Counting off upon his fingers, Holmes droned out his misdemeanours.  “Apparently, I scratched the enamel off the bath tub.  Apparently, I broke six rods upon the balustrade.
He grabbed my hand and thrust it to his trouser front.  “I'm hard,” he said, matter-of-fact.  “Make up your mind.”
“Yes, I am quite aware that we are close to Pall Mall,” Holmes replied.  “There is someone whom I wish to avoid who lives by here.”
Holmes yawned.  He set his back against the tree, and closed his eyes.  I took this as opportunity to pick a sandwich from the pile upon the cloth.  Two sandwiches, in fact.  An egg and cress, a beef and mustard.  I poured a cup of fresh-squeezed orange juice.  As I enjoyed our impromptu picnic, I chose to gaze upon my friend.  No matter yet, the circumstance or year, I could not think of any better sight to see.
“A little 'off', yes, you could say.  Inspector, you know I should not ask you if it were not absolutely vital.  And it is vital, please believe me.”
“That would be suicide,” said he.  “Two sympathetic parties, yes, but then all the rest of Scotland Yard would be ablaze with gossip.  How could they keep it quiet?  Regardless of Spencer's reputation as it is now, he was once a capable police constable.  How many Yarders would choose to believe his side of the story?  I have less than no desire to find that out.”
And all of my nerve endings were on fire.  And both my arms were reaching around his back to hold him.  And all my thinking was of how warm his body felt, this close to mine.  And then – then, it was over, for he released me, let me go.
“I love you.”  Aloud!  That he might hear, and in the knowledge that he would not be alarmed by it.  I lean forward and nudge him.  “I love you.”
“Yes.  Bugalugs is the name of the skull, sir.  That is the name my father gave it.  I can hardly be held responsible for-- Mr. Holmes!  You are
I sighed and shook my head.  “He was quite vague about it all, and rather rude, I must admit.  He mentioned Montague Street, but only by name.”
“Then let's be off,” I said, excited once again now, “so we might catch ourselves a table at the front.”
“All right,” said he.  He took his coat up from the chair where he had thrown it at some point, and snatched his hat.  In quiet obedience he followed me out of the room and down the stairs, and out into the street.  We set off on our way to Regents Park, dodging the Sunday stragglers, and awkward both, the pair of us.  I had never felt this way of any man before; the wanting, of a sudden, to be romantically engaged.  All my encounters in the past had been so brutal; brief, and loveless.  But with Holmes?  My whole self
Holmes ignored me.  “I had just returned from the tobacconist, and hardly set foot upon the stairs, when I was absolutely set upon.  Sharp teeth and everything.”
“That is better,” said Mr. Talmadge.  “Now I can see.”  He spent a further moment wrestling self-consciously with his trousers, twisting this way and that as if he wished us not to set sight on his socks.
“Tell me of Mycroft,” I said at last, between the main course and dessert.  “Why do you two not get along?”
“By that point, Spencer would have already endured his meeting with Pike.  He would be anxious, then, suspicious – and rightly so – of being double crossed.  So he keeps a watchful eye, perhaps, on Baker Street.  And of course, what does he see but us departing, bags in hand, for who knows where.  Panicked, he needs to know where we are headed.  With no time to leave his dog at home, he jumps on the train to follow us.  I am merely surmising.  ...  Drat it, John.”  Holmes struck the brick wall with his fist.  “Spencer must be oddly skilled in the art of shadowing, otherwise I should have spotted him.”
There was toast and eggs and coffee, and we ate well, and at some point we found ourselves sat on the sofa with a cigarette apiece.  I yearned to touch him, yet I knew that I should not.  We were too new to one another; still too raw and tentative.
“I'm going to have you,” he said then, raising his head, his mouth a lustful moue.  He dealt slickly with my buttons, drew me out, and contemplated me.  And scarcely had I come to terms, but now was in his mouth and he was sucking at me busily, and drawing the most inelegant of groans from the raw depths of me.  I clutched his hair, and dragged him taut to swallow deeper.  This he did, with muffled whines.  I thrust yet further in the maw of him; he took it all without complaint, and edged me closer, drawing back at the last instant.
“Then we'll have breakfast,” he said, loosening my hand, smoothing the tablecloth.  “But why aren't you at
The younger fellow released a sharp howl of despair.  He leaped forward as if to launch an unarmed attack – and I steeled myself to defend my friend if it were so – but at the last, the brute fell back and sank down by the lady's side.
“Apart from that, I think Mrs. Hudson may be just about done,” I concluded optimistically.  “A little more tidying here and there, perhaps.  At any rate, let us see what tomorrow may bring.”
We dined at Simpson's in the Strand, as Holmes had promised, in a booth that offered privacy, the restaurant half-full, and so lending us the chance and opportunity to gam.  I held his hand covertly, screened by the candles and the bottle of Bordeaux; we could not tear our eyes away.  My boot tip sought his shin and roughed it, gently, searchingly.  Our talk was fractured and sporadic, so bound up were we in our love match; such a novelty, a precious one, for both of us.
“Well, I would.”  I took a sip.  “I'd grow it back, though.”  (He hid a smile behind his hand.)  “You've never been in love.”
It was two o'clock before I reached my office, where the afternoon passed quietly, the usual bumps and scrapes of any station, and before long I was back out on the street, heading for home.  The house was half-lit, and I knocked upon the ground-floor door, one rap, two-three.  A cheery red-faced woman thrust her nose and half her skirts out, and on seeing me, the rest of her.  “Oh, doctor!” said she, smiling, “it is you, and it's about high time.”  She turned back to the kitchen, calling out, whereupon I heard the scrape of claws, and there – a bulldog charging into view.  “Here is your Max.”
“This stupid game is set in pairs,” he said.  “Mycroft has just told me.  Watson, will you be my partner?”
Holmes snorted softly.  He placed the packet to one side.  “You will miss the convenience, that's all,” said he.
And then the house began to stir itself, and doors began to bang, and feet in multitude descended from the upper floor.  Sunday, in its finery, began to whirr and spin.
.  I quickly washed and dressed while he still slumbered, and I fed the mutt his breakfast, and I made some toast and honey and some tea.  Toby came to join me, yawning, took his place at the small table, poured himself a cup of tea.  “You didn't wake me,” he said quietly.
I believe he had been dozing after all.  The only man that I know who is capable of simultaneously smoking and sleeping.  He awoke with a start.  His slippers scuffed at the rug in an attempt to gain purchase.  His head jerked around.
The street was empty.  I was bold, and I leaned forward, kissed him tenderly.  “Then goodnight, Sherlock.  I hope to see you very soon.”
The fortnight passed slowly.  Holmes commented no more upon the subject, although I noticed at odd intervals that he would glance towards my desk, and from my desk across to me, whereupon his face would alter to an expression inexplicable.  In all other ways he quite behaved himself, indeed was fairly quieter than usual.  Believe me, as a fellow who has lived with this pale lunatic for more years than he has sense, these peaceful interludes are bliss.
in there?” he demanded.  He caught sight of my bag with the shop's name upon it.  “Wasting your money again.”
By this time, we had been sharing rooms at Baker Street for a little more than four years.  From its hesitant beginnings of shy confusion and occasional frustrations, our friendship blossomed and so prospered into something almost intimate.
“I do not exaggerate,” I said.  I lit my pipe and took my chair directly opposite, my feet hot and aching from a long and tiring day.  I picked up the morning's
“Watson!” said Merrill Adams.  “It's good to see you, my dear fellow.”  He strode forward, pumped my hand, and thrust a glass of some brown liquid into the other.  “Have a drink, you must be gasping.  Oh, and allow me to introduce you to Miss Eva Worthington.”
“I do not know,” he said, laughing, “but it is all too delicious.  Come, John, let us go and find Victor.”
Stone might have answered, but for Mr. Dawkins sweeping in (as best he might on one good leg) and standing defensive before the curtain, a grey-haired sentry, most indignant.
Holmes sighed.  “I still don't like this conversation,” he replied.  “I've never been so 'on the spot'.  Could we get off this bench, and walk, or have a pot of tea somewhere?  I'm coming out in hives.  Why are you
Holmes and I so rarely spoke of the lives we had lived before we met.  Of his own family, I knew nothing, and so presumed them as non-existent as he had mine.  The loss of roots, of permanence; a gnaw within me, biting still.
At last, I understood.  My friend's abraded, paint-chafed fingers had chanced to snag on the lace doily, eliciting the most repellent of sensations.
“It is so very good to meet you,” I said, bowing.  “I am John Watson, and this gentleman is Sherlock Holmes, of course.”
“I have something for you, by the way,” I said.  I reached down by the side of my chair and retrieved the 'Dawkins' bag.  I waved it aloft.  Holmes took one step forward, suspicious.
“Yes.  Our 'honeymoon'.”  (A happy memory: a holiday, a visit to an apiary, and Holmes's quiet absorption with it all; the seed was planted then.)  “I'm responsible for this?”
I took my place upon the podium, and blinked out into the crowded hall.  In my right hand, my folded speech, which I now opened and commenced to read:
“Shh,” I said, “I wasn't skulking.  I've just met Sherlock Holmes.  I, er, um...”  I shot a glance at Joel Dooley, who smiled benevolently back.
I did not argue.  Within a short while I was back within our sitting-room, and looking through the cupboards and our bookshelves for the volume I had read however many years ago, upon the legend of the crystal skulls.  After some ferreting, I found it –
husband and wife.  We've never kissed.  As you once said, we're 'getting rid of dirty water'.  I'm as loyal as I can be, on that basis.”
“I always keep my word,” said he.  “Mr. Holmes can attest to that.”  He glanced at Holmes, who nodded slightly.  “
to me, John?”  And he started to laugh.  “I don't know where I am.”  His eyes dropped to my tenting.  He inhaled and cast a sharp glance at my face.
“That sounds terribly ominous.  But whatever did Mycroft mean, when he spoke of 'Ulysses' terrible deed'?”
My face must have seemed blank, for now he rolled his eyes and sighed.  “I'm a consultant,” he explained.  “I've been brought in just this minute as regards the Hon. Cole Ramsey.”
I frowned, my feelings a little hurt by his reluctance to share his great intrigue.  “Well then, is it for a case?”
“I want to show you something interesting today,” my friend said suddenly.  “You'll like it, I've no doubt.”
“I wrote and told him,” I said softly.  “He was a gentleman about it.  I haven't heard from him since then.  Oh, Holmes, I wish that I had told you, after we had both declared ourselves.  I had thought you would not want that.  My past history.  The weight of it.”
He smiled slightly.  “It is half-past-five.  I have been back for half an hour.  You dropped your book.”  He gestured to it.  “It must have been very dull.”
And our snorts no doubt disturbed the sleep of Victor and of Gregson, and the thought of that amused us even more.
“The village will have nothing to tell us,” said he, in his mysterious way.  He pulled away and moved to the pine washstand.
He turned sullen anyway.  He shrugged himself into his overcoat, and fussed about his gloves.  “What is the point, when there's no mail?” he said, to no-one in particular.  He took up his hat but it displeased him, for he tutted and wiped crossly at the brim of it.  “Oh, bother it – and bother to Pall Mall,” said Sherlock Holmes, with a stern look at me.
Dawkins' Curiosity Bizarre was one shop amongst a few that nestled snugly down a small side street.  Its fascia, painted blue, had softly faded over time.  An old metal sign revolved – and loudly squeaked – outside the entrance door.
Holmes did not reply at once.  I felt his silence at my neck, and had an idea that he might be planning some form of physical attack.  I twisted around.
I stood behind him, placed my hands upon his shoulders, felt the fragile jut of collarbone beneath the woven cotton of his shirt.  “I'm going to make you come,” I whispered in his ear.  He dropped his head and moaned.
He sat back in his chair then, elbows propped and fingers steepled to his lips.  His eyes were bright as he observed me, as if now waiting for remonstrance.  He did not have so long to wait.
Much later, we were once again at rest within our room.  I had a sun burn on my nose.  I dabbed some lotion on the spot while Holmes made fun of me.
Our client then set to nodding as if he had some monstrous tic, and I looked towards the brandy in case the poor fellow was in need, he did seem so sore disturbed.
, my dear,” said he.  “I thought you might enjoy a little puzzle.  You were very quick about it, well done, you.”
The morning was sun-filled, warm and bright.  I entered the sitting-room to find Holmes standing at the bookcase, flipping through a large black tome.  He snapped it shut as I approached.
And so he took his Stradivarius, and propped it underneath his chin, put rosin to his bow, and played.  The song was sweet and wistful; I had not heard it played before.  Without a pause he turned to Mendelssohn, his “Lieder”, that swooping, lilting tune I so adored.  I closed my eyes in perfect happiness, and listened to the notes sing in the air that lay between us, and I could not think of any place where I would rather be.
My friend groaned in impatience.  “We didn't make a back-up plan,” said he.  “We're going to starve, or freeze to death.”
I stripped him of his waistcoat and his shirt, and cast them off onto the floor.  I took his boots and stockings, and his trousers, and I pulled them over slender hips and down.  I fixed my eyes upon the lean of him, the acres of pale goosebumped flesh.  I cupped him, through his underwear.  He moaned, and arched his back.  My hands took hold and dragged the heavy cottons down.  His cock sprang free and slapped against his abdomen.  He raised up on both elbows then, to watch the whole proceedings with great interest.
I remembered, then.  “Oh dear.  I do.  Poor Simmons.  I wonder how he is these days?  I should write the dear fellow a letter.”
“I'm sorry to hear that,” I said.  “Have a sandwich.”  I relayed the plate to where he sat, and perched myself at some near distance.  “Would it help to talk about it?”
Holmes laid his head upon my chest.  I fancied he was listening to my heartbeat, for he was very still and quiet now.
The canopy was cool, the branches overhead the shield, and the scent of earth and leaves was rich and dense.  I trod on silently, affecting a deep interest in the habitat around me.  The house was part concealed now, just the greens and browns and golds of Mother Nature.
“Although it might be fun to try,” I mused.  It was no use, however.  Holmes was sitting at his desk and opening up his leather-bound journal.  I watched him as he wrote, with left elbow leaning on the blotter, his dark head propped into his hand.  Another monograph; this one upon hair, both human and beast.  (It seemed the oddest thing to me to base a monograph upon.)
Would we?  Six months, or a year down the line?  Sequestered away, would we dull to the travel, and the concept of contact?  Or would we find ourselves stifled, and bored to distraction and aching for sport and the thrill of the chase?
“The last three months before I moved to Baker Street, I lived with Mycroft,” said my friend.  He curled his lip.  “It was a necessary evil.  I was thrown out of Montague Street, as I mentioned to you earlier.  There had been something of a scandal.”  And he paused, and took a breath.  “The landlady claimed
Arm in arm, we headed for the cliffs, our steps yet hampered by the snow which crept into our boots, our winter socks, and worse.
The mobile that was dangling – from the chandelier, I noticed – did now reveal itself to be, at close inspection, a piñata.
The dog looked at us both.  It seemed almost to grin; its tongue lolled from the side of its mouth as it panted.
I heaped my plate with toast and scrambled eggs, and poured a cup of steaming coffee which I sipped as Holmes sat down to join me, keen and spruce and affable.
“Now, now,” said he, “I see you all in conflab, and I wonder what about.  It is viewing by appointment, sirs, viewing by appointment.  There is a fee, you know.”
“He was the young man responsible for those charming typed notes, back in the day when I still thought of Gregson as both a bounder and a fool.”
I blinked at Holmes.  “I have been... well,” I said.  I huffed a laugh, and shook my head.  “That is a lie.”
We took turns in assaulting the swinging moustache with a keenness that increased with each deft blow.  If Mrs. Hudson had chanced to check on us, she would have run for the police, such was our grim determination to destroy, to desecrate the paper beast.
And so it carried on, my head a boomerang from side to side, my both ears pummelled senseless, until I chanced to spy the clock upon the mantelpiece.
“Ah, John,” said he.  “It was a simple matter.  The sea-shanties we now know about.  Not so hard to deduce.  And there are some things one can't hide: size 10 boots for greater instance, and ladies' mittens far too small for a man's hands.  You thought his eyes were red-raw from the snow this morning, but I surmised he had been weeping 'fore he came to us.  And then, of course the
“It was Dr. Watson this, and Dr. Watson that.  How you tried to put him in his place!”  The lady laughed, and tugged her chin.  “I think you've thrown him for a loop.”
The house was still, when I arrived.  “Holmes?  Are you there?”  To no reply.  I listened for the slightest sound of clatter from the attic, but there was none.  I poked my nose out of the window in the kitchen, to no small sight of him.  I scaled the stairs, stepped over one or several boxes that lay haphazard on the landing, and turned my head into the bedroom.  There he was, prostrate across it, both arms high and tucked behind his head.  Both eyes were closed; his brow was furrowed in deep thought.
“Mr. Holmes,” said Inspector Lestrade, “if you don't mind, I think we should cut short this questioning.  Mrs. Barker is far too upset to continue.  Do you have everything else you might need for the time being?  Yes?  We shall no doubt see you later, then.  Keep us informed of any news and useful facts, please, and thank you.”
I was in the dumps the weekend long.  I could think of nothing that might please me, and I avoided company.    On Sunday morning I ventured out to take a walk in Regents Park, where autumn's fingers were already reaching down to snag the frayed end of the summer, but still warm enough and genial, and I sat upon a bench to watch the world and all her gentlemen pass by.
I have stroked him half erect by now.  His own dreams must be pleasant, for he is keening (very quietly), straining his beak against my palm.
I left him then with fond regards.  We did not touch, embrace, or otherwise be intimate.  These things were yet a nebula.
I bucked a little; it made him whine.  We clung together until eventually Holmes drew himself away.  His cheeks were flushed; he rooted through his jacket pocket for his cigarettes.  We smoked and stared, as the day darkened and the shadows filled the room.
“Oh, Watson, really?  No.”  Holmes shook his head.  “Dawkins mentioned one fellow who was the absolute star of his set.  He declared that we had already made his acquaintance.  Well, that set my mind to whirring, as I am sure you can imagine.  Ha!”  My friend slapped one hand to his knee.  “So, a new theory was unfolding, and I returned to Mrs. Barker – who, Watson, by the way, was in an absolutely
“Yes, oh, you must remember the fellow.  A notorious poisoning case, five years ago.  My evidence helped to put the crook behind bars.  He was released early, on account of good behaviour, a few days ago.”  Holmes snorted.  “'Good behaviour'!  Pah!  I had best make a note in my Index before I forget.”
Holmes fairly chivvied me down the hallway.  It was becoming his grand feature, and I resisted it but weakly.
“We'll manage,” I said, stubborn to the last.  I set my plate aside.  I stood and beckoned to him.  “Come on now, love, you need the exercise.”
day now, John.  And you had better hope so too, else all your dreams of honey sandwiches will be going up in smoke.”
The old woman stroked his hair and leaned against him and was whispering: “Chico, my lad, my cheery boy, oh Chico, don't take on so...”
“Well, what the hell about it?  You only went to take a look at that old milquetoast.  Did Holmes upset you?  That's what he's like.”  He looked the sharper at me then.  “What did he say to you?”
“Watson,” he said carefully, “I have known you for two days.  I am flattered by your confidence, but great heavens, man, you don't know what you're asking.”
“Holmes,” I said, “what is it?  Don't tell me that the Prime Minister has caused another scandal in the parliamentary debates?”
At the bottom of the box, a beaten, bruised and de-stuffed teddy bear.  I hauled it out and showed it to my friend.  “Was this one yours?”
After the initial daze, I was not far behind my friend.  I pursued him close along the landing until we reached the master bedroom.
When Holmes emerged, I took his place and dressed in Sunday best.  Today, of course, the last full day, with a concert and a banquet (I'd been told), and I looked forward to these things with some excitement.  We trailed downstairs to the kitchen – which was already in full swing – and so procured a pot of tea.  We sat outside upon the lawn, and watched the morning unfurl, slowly, saw the flowers shake their heads and waken, ready for the day; the birdsong overhead, around us, joyous greeting, sleepy twitters.  I felt so utterly at peace here, with my friend close by my side, that a rare happiness caught hold of me, absorbed itself so subtly, to manifest as a light feeling – gossamer – inside my heart.
I thought of Holmes all of that night and the next day.  I missed him fiercely; every fibre of me wanted to be near to him.  I almost sent a telegram, but did not wish to pester, so I sat behind my desk and doodled daydreams on my pad.
Langdale Pike whisked the top from the engraved silver dish.  A fresh baked cake sat iced and timorous within.
I stared down at the menu.  I was dithering upon the roast beef, which was twice the price of the sausage stew, when Holmes tapped on the table.
“Your schooldays don't count,” I retorted.  I lit a cigarette and leaned back in my chair.  My eyelids began to droop from the warmth of the sun shining through the sash windows.  I heard my friend rise from the table and commence to pad about the room.  The roll of a drawer, the clink of a bottle, the pop of a cork.  Some tinkering and then, a wafting familiar, faint eggy aroma.  Holmes's latest chemical experiment.
We headed off, and found a cab with little trouble.  Inside, a silence fell, absorbing every breath and shift on fabric.  I searched for words again.
“Eldritch's present address,” said my friend.  He crumpled the paper up into his fist.  “He is in Paris, France, and has been there all the week, so says the tardy Lestrade.”
, but you go straight ahead, my dear.”  She turned her head to watch the countryside flash by (for we were on our way; the track down which we sped was deeply rutted, and the wheels were jarring, jolting, and we found ourselves thrown fair together often, to my discomfiture).  “Oh gracious me,” said my companion, “this silly carriage ride is shaking up my
One hour later, I had set my spoon upon the dish and wiped the ice-cream from my lips.  For the first time in ten minutes I had looked up to see my friend, who was regarding me most solemnly.
And standing by the barren hearth, a cigarette in his left hand, Holmes proceeded to do just that.  Victor started from his seat, pale-faced, at several revelations.  Gregson placed an arm around him, whispered to him, held him tight.  Of the money, Holmes as promised made no mention.
And there were Victor and Gregson, loosely entwined upon the sofa.  They looked up upon our entrance.
“I made it, Holmes,” I wheezed.  “The driver took me to the wrong address, and he had gone before I realised, and so I had to hoof it...”
The voice that emanated was thin and sibilant; I would not have matched it with his build nor to his years.  His manner was benevolent, if somewhat scattered and distracted.  I found him the most curious of specimens.
Our dishes mopped clean with hunks of fresh bread, we ordered three brandies and sat back to smoke.  Victor told us his situation, then: of his being the sole beneficiary in his late Aunt Augusta's will.  The prospect overwhelmed him.
“Sandwiches would be lovely, thank you,” I said, as our landlady passed through.  “Ham and mustard?”
There he was, the scoundrel, curled up in the bow window and looking out as if he didn't have a care in the whole world.  He spun his head upon our entry and sprang up straight.  His small eyes blinked, his large mouth flapped for a few seconds in surprise.
Holmes opened up the first of them, and read it aloud to me.  It was from Victor Burroughs, and it carried news from Surrey: of his plans and their progression, of realised happiness and security.  Gregson would be with him every weekend, and the times that Victor was in town, well, he had already moved some possessions into Gregson's little warren so that they should not be apart.
“Mycroft doesn't make mistakes,” said Holmes.  He turned and left the room before the two of us could question him.
“We have to make it stop,” said Holmes, his face creased up in anguish.  “Is there something you can put in her tea, Watson?  Do you have any sedatives?”
My friend chuckled.  “My telegram from Cuba.  A reply from the Hernández tobacco company, who very willingly provided me with certain mail order details of that particular brand of cigarette to this country this past year.  I told you, John, that those cigarettes were rare.  Two deliveries only, these twelve months, and both to personal addresses.  The first was to an old fellow up in the far reaches of Scotland, so never mind about him.  The second was to an 'E. Bruce', at a post office box in Surrey three months ago.”
“You seem very tight with Gregson,” Holmes remarked.  His head was tilted, with his eyes half closed, his face inscrutable.  I was not quite sure how to answer him.
“Your rooms are marvellous,” I told him, “and so very well appointed.  Have you lived here very long?”
“He has no income and is quite desperate,” the dandy continued.  “I suppose his silence could be bought if you yourselves wished to pay the price.”
Upstairs in the Blue Room, I threw together the last of our things and looked around at the snug.  I had grown rather fond of the cracks in its walls and the uneven floor.  I said as much to Holmes, who stood behind me now, arms wrapped around.  His fingers probed my waistcoat pocket.
I watched him walk across the room.  The act of doing so made him giggle inexplicably.  He stooped to retrieve his Index volume, and replaced it on the bookshelf.  He turned to me.  “I do not think that I can tell you.”
The sitting room was warm and comfortable.  The whisky was uncorked, and Holmes had poured us each a finger, and we sat close to the fire to take our sip of it.
“You needn't keep apologising, John,” said he.  Uncurling from his hunch, he stood, and extended a long hand.  He helped me up.  “Let's go downstairs again.”
“How lovely,” said the fool, his face creased up in an expression that was half bedlamite, half guilty child.
“Nor is mine any of yours,” said he.  “Oh, Watson, I am only teasing.  Although still, all the same –
“Oh, Mrs. Oaks!” said she.  “Oh yes, I know the lady well.  She comes here often, to buy her breads and cakes, and always has a funny thing to say.  I am so glad that she has found a new position at your house.”
My friend lit his pipe.  He leaned back fully in his chair and scrutinised me as an eagle might its prey.
“It tells me that Spencer is running short of money and he has resorted to hocking his valuables,” I replied.
I had to pause from buttoning my waistcoat, so amused by that idea that I set down next to that fellow, and placed a kiss against his clavicle.  “I love you.  You are ridiculous.”
Following a mutual silence of some minutes, each second growing heavier and blacker, Holmes relented.
“I'd best be off,” I said, “but thank you all the same.  No, no, you needn't rise, I'll see myself out of the house.”  And I took up my hat and bag, and bowed, and left the little parlour for the dim cool of the hall.  I stood there hesitating for a moment.  I looked up to the stairs, then to the front hall door, then up the stairs again.
His face creased, and just for a moment I thought he might weep, but he wrenched himself clear to a cold look of scorn.  “So it's true?”
“Yes, I believe you did say.  Did you perhaps hear the visitor talking with your master at the door, or in the hall?”
“Well, whatever can be done?” I said, trying my best to humour him.  “Why, the empire will fall without coffee and toast.”
I removed my jacket and rolled my shirt-sleeves to the elbow.  I sat at the breakfast table and reached to snatch the flapping newspaper in mid-wave.  The front page was almost comical.
The house was one of four that huddled back from the main road, and was neglected to the point of tumbledown.  A rancid garden at the front declared the property's abandonment.  I picked my way through weeds and odd detritus to my man.
“I have to know.  If I'm offending you, or making you uncomfortable, it's better that you tell me now.  I'll go, and we need never speak again.”
“I rather think it is too late for that,” replied Holmes.  “The fellow was found dead last night.  He was murdered.”
“Oh,” said Holmes, “I thought to tidy some of our old papers back into boxes, and move them up into the attic out of sight.  We need the lumber room for furniture.  That old dresser that you want to keep for some unearthly reason.”
Holmes came to join me, and we laid back on the bed in just our shirt-sleeves, gazing up at the cracked plaster.
“I was caught with someone, John.  In a dark stairwell.”  And he released a bitter laugh.  “I think we frightened her to death.  She screamed, and dashed into her hovel.  I was filled with dread, for I knew what it might mean for me.  Sure enough, she wrote me a harsh letter the next day, with threats and blackmail, and I knew I needed Mycroft.”  Here my friend screwed up his face.  “It tortured me to do so, but needs must, and I confided.  My brother is quite powerful, you know, John, and he has much city influence.  By some means – and likely foul – he has pulled me out of that dire hole, but on a warning: it is my
Gregson's door was firmly closed when I walked past, some minutes later; I did not venture in to bid him a good morning for I had every dark suspicion that he would shout or throw a missile at my head.  The day was busy, and I found myself absorbed with different matters in the morgue, and then a modicum of paperwork.  Thus the week continued, with stops and starts and fits and bursts, and I was of a great impatience to come to Saturday.  I did not contact Holmes at all during this interim, and did my best to avoid Gregson who, it seemed, was of exactly the same mind regarding me.
