Steve still couldn't quite believe this was happening; Iron Man's bare hand on his cock, Iron Man's nose and lips at the back of his neck, his breathing light and fast against Steve's skin.
Tony made a mock salute and hurried back the way they'd come, leaving Steve alone with Peggy. He had no idea what this was about, and it made his usual nerves about being around her ten times worse. At least that was counterbalanced by the unfamiliar frame, which had less of a physical response to the emotions than his own body would've.
"We'll fix this, though," Sam says. He feels like maybe he should put a supporting hand on Tony's shoulder, but he's not sure if Tony would appreciate that, so he doesn't. "We'll put this right. We're Avengers, that's what we do."
"He's barely alive as it is, I'm reading shock and severe arrhythmia," Natasha said, brow furrowing in concern. "We need a medical team, right, now, and someone with VR tech expertise!" she called out to the room around them.
Tony finally glanced at him, a desolate look to match his voice. "Don't you think I've been trying? When I realized that maybe there was no one after me, and maybe I'd caused those fires myself, I spent hours sitting in the bathtub trying to bring up flames, and didn't get as much as a single spark. Made me wonder if I had it wrong, after all. That night when I first met the Kingpin, I tried to hold back. I fought really hard. I thought I'd even made some progress—I didn't black out that time, not entirely, I just felt detached and everything was hazy. I remembered more about it afterwards, too. But then there was that other night, at the waterside, and—well, you saw how that went. I've made a tiny bit of progress since then, I think, but it's too little, and far too late."
As much as Steve hated hiding the truth, in this situation, claiming that he hadn't been able to identify the arsonist seemed like the simplest choice.
Walking around the main room, he tried and failed to assess what gear they had that could be useful. He couldn't recognize most of the hardware, aside from some handguns and a folded-up suit that looked like it was made out of some kind of stealth fabric.
"The Better You: Cloning, Constructs and Enhancements. Making sure you can be the best you, today and in the years to come," Randall recited.
It had been such a good dream. He closed his eyes for another blink and could still feel the warmth of Steve's arms around him, see the clear skies all around them beyond the windows of—
Tony didn't seem scared in the least. "I'd like to find out how convincing it is under close scrutiny. So, how about it, soldier? I know you've got all night." He took half a step backwards, giving Steve another suggestive look.
It took exactly eight hours and fourteen minutes from the moment when Steve had seen Tony wheeled out to the one where Doctor Cho approached them in the waiting room, her professionally restrained smile promising good news before she'd said a word.
"You must be wondering why we've been killing off Stane's Tony-clones when all that'll achieve is that he moves onto another one," Pepper started. She was sitting on one of the bar stools, still wearing business clothing that was at odds with the surroundings.
Fury steepled his fingers, his stern expression relenting. "Well, that brings us right back to where we started."
"I'd no idea, either," Tony said, gaping at Steve. He was sure their shocked expressions were synchronized, too, in that moment. "I thought—ever since we met, ever since I started suspecting we must be matched, I always thought you wouldn't want that. I'd thought I wouldn't want that, either, until I met you. Then I realized I'd never wanted anything as badly, but I knew I shouldn't, so I tried to fight it."
"Don't expect thanks. We'd be halfway through this green cesspit already if you hadn't tried to run," Rumlow said. He turned Stark around and yanked at the manacles around his wrists, making him wince in pain as the movement jarred his injured shoulder. "Let's not stand around waiting to see how many other creatures we can lure out. Start walking again, all of you!"
"What I would like to know," Tony went on, his eyes fixed on Steve's, "is how I'm so lucky as to run into you for the second night in a row!"
Later, Natasha explained that the locals had been on the way to the forested foothills of the Backbone Mountains to collect some valuable herbs that didn't grow in the North. That definitely didn't sound too sinister.
"I'll tell you all about it if you first answer one question for me," Tony says, buttoning up his shirt, not replying any of Kamski's questions yet.
Pepper's eyes were still distant, but her face had gone a shade paler under her freckles. No doubt she was looking at the same thing. Steve knew that feeling, that unavoidable gut reaction to seeing a familiar frame killed in a graphic and horrific way, no matter what else you knew about the situation.
"Remember that salad I brought you on your second day?" Natasha returned. "Don't worry, the chip will degrade and come out on its own within a month."
"You can find the closest landing platform five floors down," the newly installed AI added helpfully.
From close up, the android's face looks peaceful, as if it's asleep, except that the right half of it is mangled, a chunk of its chassis missing where Tony would expect to see the circle of an LED on its temple. Still, more than enough remains to showcase how flawlessly beautiful its features are, from the cheekbones and jawline to the long eyelashes—and why on Earth would a combat model need those?
They stayed like that for a long while, Steve resting against Iron Man. He could feel Iron Man's chest rise and fall behind his back, and Iron Man's hand was gently caressing his side. He didn't want to move, didn't want this moment to end, but he knew it would, inevitably, like all dreams and fairytales did.
As he spoke, he was trying to come up with a strategy to get out of the situation in case things turned violent. He'd need to get the big thug behind him to move away from the door so he could rush out before he got knocked out or shot. Four against one. With him unarmed, these weren't great odds, but also not the worst he'd ever faced. He really should've brought a gun, though.
He needs to understand what just happened, how Steve could just ignore all of Obie's commands like that, but he feels himself slipping. Each feeble beat of his heart feels like it could be the last. The room is growing dark around him.
As they approached their destination, they finally started heading northwards. On the evening of the sixth day, over a dinner of bean stew and stale bread, Natasha announced that they would reach Crabb Castle by the following afternoon.
This is a military android. Its internal build, the bullet-proof lining of its chassis and the heavy-duty servos make that even more obvious than the fatigues it's wearing. Really, it's another type of weapon. A machine made to kill. It's like a broken tank. Fixing one wouldn't do humanity a favor. His captors might grab it and reprogram it to serve their cause.
"Would it bother you if there weren't?" Kamski asks back. "Do you feel somehow closer to them, now? Connected?" He taps at his chest in an unnecessary clarification.
"It's—it's a lot," Tony breathed, biting his lip with an expression that seemed one part shocked, one part aroused. "Holy fuck. It's so intense. It's," he trailed off to run a hand through his hair. "It may have been a few decades, but I don't think it felt like this when I was young, either. It's like they accidentally gave me an extra layer of nerves."
He'd been going to get rid of all that. He remembered thinking it had worked, too, in a feverish haze. He hadn't felt Steve anymore, and yet, now he did.
"Nothing to worry about. I'll see you again soon," Tony responded quickly, keeping the words as casual as he could.
"What? How did you know—how were you there?" Tony's eyes narrowed, and he tensed up again. "No, never mind that, how the hell are you here? How did you find me? I can't believe they would've told you. Not Jarvis, definitely, but could Pepper or Rhodey—no, they wouldn't do that to me either, not when they promised not to." There was such betrayal on Tony's face that it was painful to look at, and Steve couldn't let him think that of his friends.
Steve wakes up from a nightmare of wandering through an endless wilderness, searching for Tony, who's always one step ahead of him.
Everyone had some kind of an opinion on soulmates. That was a fact. Tony wouldn't believe anyone who said they didn't. Not to mention that he and Rhodey had debated the topic countless times in various states of inebriation. He knew Rhodey was an agnostic in the matter, reserving judgement in case someone managed to come up with smoking gun evidence.
That voice and that face sent a chill of terror down Steve's spine, his throat closing up almost as if Stane's fingers were squeezing it again. He bit his teeth together, hard, taking deep, steadying breaths.
He'd grown up thinking soulmates were a fairytale thing that some people took too seriously. His mother hadn't believed in them—she'd considered them as unrealistic as people who claimed to be able to heal others by laying hands on them or those who said they could talk to the dead. Sure, some couples claimed to be soulmates, but most likely they were no more special than anyone else. Love was many things, she'd told him, but it wasn't magical. Relationships were something you had to work at, not something that happened because you were meant to be together with someone. He thought that had been very good advice.
"INCS," Tony corrected, on reflex. "And just so we're clear on this, I wasn't trying to off myself." It was true. He hadn't been. Then again, Tony had to admit he'd been perfectly aware of the risks he was taking, and he hadn't really cared.
"I'd thought you were just in it for my frames, really," Steve confessed, "and I'd always thought anything serious between us couldn't possibly work."
"I'm no expert, but from what I've gathered, I don't think anyone really has an answer to that," Fury said. "Maybe you could have a contemporary match. It might not be what you expect. Maybe you think it'll be a young lady, and it turns out to be an old man. I've heard of cases were people regret having found out, and would've been happier not knowing."
He doubted he could even stand up, let alone knock out a younger, healthier man, but he'd still go for it if he got the chance. It was the only thing even distantly resembling a plan that he could think of when everything else had failed.
"You should leave that for later and try to rest. Tomorrow's going to be another long day," Steve said, even though he knew it was pointless.
Sam has a good understanding of how to take care of hypothermia, based on the field training he's gotten from SHIELD, but clearly, Steve's situation is something different. Even with the cautious steps they take to warm him, the blankets and the chemical heat packs, his temperature remains stubbornly lower than it should be, and he shows no signs of regaining consciousness.
Once the worst of the fit had passed, he tried to force his eyes to open, but that hurt, too. Far less so than his arm, and yet still too much. The skin of his face felt tight, his eyes crusty, like maybe all of it was covered in blood.
Maya ignored the crime lord in front of her, her face still turned towards where Tony stood. "To protect everyone, Tony, including you! I had to say something. Imagine I'd told them the truth about how the Fountain changed you—do you think they would've just left you alone? They would've wanted to capture you, to make use of your powers. Even worse, they'd have wanted to go back there and uncover it."
"Okay. Thank you, this has all been very useful," Steve said, offering her a smile. "I've got one more question, if you don't mind."
"When you put it like that, it all sounds a lot less scary," Tony said, and leaned closer to Steve to kiss him again, the touch of Steve's lips against his more soothing than exciting.
"Hey, it's okay," Sam calls out to him, trying to sound as soothing as he can. "We're not too late, Tony. He seems stable."
Tapio seems surprised, but answers without additional comment. "Finland, north as you can go. Nearest town is…" There's another word Steve can't make sense of.
A new wave of excitement washing over him, Steve pinched the yarn between his fingers, and tugged on his own end of the thread. Two dots, two dashes, two dots, for a question mark; a request for Tony to repeat what he'd been saying, because Steve had missed it.
Steve wasn't too surprised; he hadn't expected to find Tony in a place that he walked into on a whim. "That's all right. I'm not sure where he's staying, just that he should be in the area. You wouldn't happen to have any idea of what other hotels are nearby?"
"After all these years, you still doubt my flying skills?" came the reply. It was a voice Steve thought he'd heard before, but couldn't place.
He sat down heavily on the couch, running a hand over his face. He really hadn't needed this; he already had enough to deal with as it was. Casual as it was, his fling with Tony had been a fixed part of his life for over a year, and although he hadn't thought it would last forever, he also hadn't expected it to end so suddenly. Of course, it didn't have to be over—he could tell Tony he wanted to keep going, take that extra step, start working towards something more serious. But try as he might, he couldn't really see himself building a future together with Tony, and if he couldn't, he'd feel dishonest letting Tony believe it was a realistic option.
All in all, kidnapping definitely seems like the best bet for what happened. It's not like it's his first time. It's also far from the worst, considering that he's not in excruciating pain, just slightly bruised and chilled.
Tony straightened up in his chair, casting a surprised look at Steve. "Really? I'm talking about slow travel here."
This couldn't be Tony, not really. Tony had changed, but to go from irresponsible and ignorant to someone who tortured people—no. No matter how much grief and stress he'd faced, no matter how many years had passed, Steve couldn't believe that of him. But this person also felt too similar to the man Steve had spent the past few days with, too knowing, to be someone else hired to torture Steve while wearing Tony's face. This had to be the same man, and whoever he was, he wasn't Tony.
Eyes closed and head thrown back against the arm of the chaise longue, Tony came, the first release this clone had ever known spilling over his front.
He'd definitely drunk too much. It still hadn't been enough. He still remembered the test result. The one he'd known he'd get since he'd met Steve.
Steve had pictured Tony staying at some big ranch matching the luxury of his townhouse, but this secluded corner of the wilderness didn't look like the place for one. The further he drove, the worse the quality of the track became. It seemed to parallel his mood, which was growing more and more frayed.
This was the second uncanny fire within a week. The first one, which had gotten Steve assigned to this case, had been very different. It had taken place at a party in Janet van Dyne's townhouse, and had been limited to one room, although the soot and smoke had damaged property beyond that. What had marked that incident as unusual was that several witnesses had reported seeing a burning man at the heart of it. Not someone whose clothes had caught fire, but someone who was actually in flames, as if they came from within. No one knew where he'd come from or where he'd gone. The descriptions sounded all too much like a few people Steve knew; he'd worked alongside two men with such abilities in the war. That, and the fact that Captain America was well prepared to face people with special talents, were the reasons he was now playing at being a detective, trying to trace the mysterious arsonist.
"Jarvis?" Steve repeated. Tony's butler, or his old AI? He'd thought both were gone, but it wasn't a common enough name to be a coincidence.
From where Steve was sitting, Tony's description sounded overly complicated, with many details that could easily go wrong. "Hold on a moment there," he said, raising a hand for emphasis. "I thought you knew the location of the backups already. Do you still need to time the viral strike with the download for some reason? Couldn't we kidnap Stane in his current clone and combine steps one and three?"
"Oh," Tony said, visibly disappointed. "Guess I'll head back to the shop, then. Catch you later, if you still want the company."
There were no words for a good while after, just the crackle of the fireplace and the whisper of skin against skin. It was far more leisurely than their previous encounter; that had been mostly about getting each other off. This was something more. This was them luxuriating in the moment when all secrets were out, all walls down. They were no longer a detective and his suspect, nor Captain America and Ed the mechanic. They were just Tony and Steve, two men learning to know one another—and themselves.
The next joking comment Steve had been formulating turned into just a moan when Tony's lips closed around his tip. Tony's hand returned to playing with Steve's balls, as well, another delicious sensation, both of them all new for him in this frame. Not that he had enough focus left to try to compare this to any of his previous ones; he was way too close, with no room for thought beyond how good this felt and how badly he needed more. He placed his hand on Tony's head, more of a caress to encourage him than anything too demanding.
He knows what he should do. He should tell Steve to leave. Go back to CyberLife, and become someone else's problem. Unfortunately, that someone else would shut him down and put him in a box in the basement, and Tony can't do that to him.
What seemed to have prompted the alarm was that Tony’s temperature had surpassed 100 °F. The way his heart rate was climbing, it would’ve soon brought up another warning. Steve’s baseline values were non-standard to start with, but he was definitely bordering on what counted as abnormal for him, too.
Steve sat at the corner table where he'd met Tony the last time and waited. Every time someone entered the room, he felt a brief flash of excitement, but it was never Tony. He waited until closing time, wishing that the alcohol he was drinking actually had an effect on him. He could've used something to dull the pain of his loss and guilt.
"We convinced them to fast-track the identity review because of his health situation, and it was a pretty unambiguous case once they started looking into it," Natasha explained. "A few simple medical scans prove beyond the shadow of a doubt that Tony's still in his original body. They could confirm the DNA and the neural structure, and Stane's pattern was obviously not a match. They found some inconsistencies in their files, too, hinting that they'd been tampered with."
"Friday, bring up my notes on Project Alcatraz," he said as he waited for the worst of the queasiness to settle.
"Maybe not." Tony's eyes were still far away, one hand absently rubbing at his chest. "But I did make mistakes. I was too naive. It took me far too long to realize what had happened, what Hydra was up to. And the way Obie played me—he must've felt like he was taking candy from a baby."
The dinosaur stopped by Stark's side and bent his front legs, bringing his massive head level with Stark's face. Stark pressed his forehead against the dinosaur's crest and patted his snout, and they had a brief exchange of unintelligible growls and grunts.
"Steve," Natasha's voice in Steve's ear startled him for the second time that day. "We can't extract him because there's some kind of major cognitive conflict that we can't sort out. We'll create a visual exit for you. It'd be best if you could convince him to follow you out voluntarily."
The morning's meeting was long and tedious, particularly since the objective was to go through the results of the investigations concerning the earlier fires. Steve found it very difficult to pretend to be interested in the details of each fire's exact starting point or how the flames had spread, when he was about to go meet the person responsible for them—which of course he couldn't mention, because he'd chosen not to divulge Tony's identity.
might've given him another window of opportunity for trying to escape, he was genuinely worried that the Northerners would've been able to injure a dinosaur in a fight, and he didn't want that. Tyrannosaurs were dangerous, unpredictable and difficult to deal with, but they weren't evil, and didn't deserve to be shot at by these idiots.
The two times he'd been in VR recently had been designed to inspire terror. This one, as a hospital program, was the exact opposite, meant to be a relaxing, soothing environment for the patient and their loved ones. Steve supposed the scenario was tailored to the patient's wishes, because what he saw when he opened his eyes inside the simulation didn't look like a standard choice. He would've expected some natural landscape, the kind of thing most people found soothing but only ever saw in VR. Sunlight, flowing water, trees and grass. Instead, he found himself in orbit.
The kitchen was quiet, but not empty. Sam stood by the room-height windows, a mug of coffee in his hands. The view that opened outside was more alien than anything else Steve had seen in the future. It kind of looked like the way he'd thought the future should look: colorful and sleek and beautiful.
"Steve Rogers," Tony said, staring at the ceiling, willing the monotonous gray of it to fill his mind and wipe away those images that kept haunting him.
Tony shifted to get up on the quinjet floor, his weight on the elbow of his good arm. “No, I need to get to work.”
"They're classified SHIELD files, Steve," Tony said, apologetic, spreading his arms. "I'm just a consultant. I don't have full access."
"They'd been corrupted beyond recovery. It was top of the news for a while back then. No one ever found out who did it, and there are still conspiracy theories around. Some people think Tony was behind it," Miss Potts said.
Steve couldn't imagine what it'd be like, living in the public eye like Tony did. Of course, it wasn't as if Tony had chosen the part. Being the son of Howard Stark, chief advisor and financial backer of SHIELD, might've made him a local celebrity. Being the heir to Howard's company, the grandiosely named Stark Interplanetary, made him one of the most eligible bachelors on any of the inhabited worlds, from the tiniest asteroid mining colonies to the cave cities on Mars.
"The victims of the fire at Miss Hansen's house also fit the description of common thugs," Steve said. He had no reason not to tell Pepper the details; by now, he was convinced she wasn't involved in the fires herself. "I've been trying to find out more about them, but so far, I don't have much."
Stark's gaze had gone to the creature as well, his face twisting to a disapproving frown, and he tried to take a step towards it, but Rumlow pulled him back sharply by his shackles.
It stings that Steve's team picked up intel that all of Tony's network of tech and skilled specialists failed to notice, but he has no reason to believe that's anything other than an isolated incident. Steve's probably just making a lot of noise about it to goad Tony. He probably shouldn't let it get to him.
"Right, right, you have a history of almost a hundred transfers," Randall noted, his smile still in place. "Well, this will be old hat to you, then. Just follow my directions, please."
haven't?" the man growled back at Steve. He didn't seem intimidated. Instead, he looked like Steve's words had pushed him over some edge, anger flaring in his eyes. He pulled his right hand out of his pocket. Steve let go of him, getting ready to knock out whatever weapon he'd produce, but there wasn't one; he simply raised the hand in front of him, showing that it was covered in bandages, like a thick white mitten. "Burns. Courtesy of your buddy Stark. Talking about nerves, don't know if all the feeling will ever come back properly."
He had no way to control his descent, nor to actively avoid the traffic. He was going to have to trust the proximity sensors in the passing cars. They'd been pretty good back in his day, so he assumed they were almost infallible now. He couldn't bring himself to worry too much about that, either. After everything he'd been through, surely he wasn't going to be taken out by a car.
"Not when I thought you were after me—which you were, of course. It still boggles my mind you could be so devious." The way Tony said that sounded more amused than angry, which Steve was happy to hear.
He turns around to face the android again. "Look, Steve, I don't need your company for this. Just wait here. Make yourself at home."
Tony did laugh at that, a dry chuckle that wasn't really amused, like Steve's smile hadn't been a smile. "That makes two of us."
"I will. I'll be looking forward to it," Steve says, and because he's Steve, he sounds like he means it.
"I'm genuinely pleased to hear that," Natasha replied. Steve wasn't sure if there was some warmth beneath the sarcasm. "I'm trying to escape the authorities and the press here so I can head for the clinic. I'll keep you posted."
Tony didn't really lose consciousness, his grasp of reality just slipped. Not surprising, considering how awful he felt. It was like the worst hangover and the worst cold he'd ever had, getting together to unleash their demon offspring on him. The headache was so bad he couldn't think, his every joint ached, even his skin hurt with the fever burning through him, and breathing felt like drowning.
Back in the day, SHIELD wouldn't have had the jurisdiction to do something like that. Things had definitely changed.
Steve parried attacks from his original opponent and another enemy fighter who'd shown up, then risked a quick glance over his shoulder to see how the situation had developed. It didn't look good. They were outnumbered two against one, possibly worse. Out of Steve's Commandos, only he and the Falsworth siblings were in enhanced frames today; everyone else had only their natural strength and skills to work with. They had thought they'd only be facing common thugs, maybe a few with cyber parts, possibly a couple of black market fake frames. Nothing like this.
"Yes. I do. Steve Rogers, who used to be Captain America," Stark replied emphatically. He reached out to take Bucky's good hand between both of his. "Bucky. He thought you were gone. He missed you so much." He stopped to catch his breath, his hands clasping Bucky's fingers tightly. "Help me. We can go back to him. Together."
Steve slammed his hand on the elevator call button, the sudden quiet in his ear more deafening than the explosion had been.
Steve's reply was equally uncertain, a jumble of nervous words. "Sorry, I, uh, morning… thing… Didn't mean to… uh. Sorry."
Tony stepped closer to Steve and placed a hand on his shoulder, a single point of warmth amidst the chill. Steve shivered at the touch, though that was more than just the temperature.
Before the guard had time to usher Bucky away, the door opened, revealing the Mayor herself. "James. This is a surprise," she commented, eyebrows raised. "What brings you here?"
"I'm being too forward, aren't I?" Tony said, his expression closing up. He leaned backwards ever so slightly, giving Steve more space. "Sorry about that. Don't mind me. It's just that there aren't a whole lot of people here who're up for friendly conversation," he nodded backwards over his shoulder, indicating the rest of the room.
"Well, I have both. I fought in the war before I ended up here," he said. "What is this mission about?"
Steve falls quiet when he feels the slightest movement under his arms, and realizes that Tony has taken a proper, deep breath, the first one since Steve found him on that hillside.
"That'd be far too easy," Stane said. He'd produced a white handkerchief from a pocket and was wiping his nose with it.
No matter how much tension the day had already contained, Steve hadn't been as nervous as he was approaching the door to their rendezvous location. Maybe he was worrying over nothing. Maybe Tony had given in to Rhodey's pleas—as hard as that was to imagine—and run and made it out.
He picked up the phone again to call Fury, but he wasn't going to say he'd accept the job. He was going to ask about taking that soulmate matching test, so he could know for sure.
"You know how rare these couples are, right? They probably had to comb through the entire population of California just to find these people," Howard pointed out defensively.
It wasn't Tony who opened the door, but an older man with bushy white hair, sideburns and mustache. He was dressed casually, the motor oil stain on one sleeve hinting at working on mechanical things. "Good morning, Captain," he greeted Steve, seemingly unsurprised to have a costumed visitor. "Tony mentioned you might be stopping by."
Tony licked his dry, cracked lips. Even if his hunger wouldn't warrant uncooked meat of dubious origin, the thirst was getting bad enough that trying to lap moisture off the walls was starting to seem appealing.
Steve's expression shifts ever so slightly; it's still angry, but Tony thinks there's some regret in his eyes, too. Clearly, Tony's words hit home. "This is a completely different situation," Steve says.
He didn't make that much of an effort to convince Tony that they should face this situation together. He let Tony's first, indignant reaction get the better of him and lashed back, because it stung so badly, after months of trying and failing to stop thinking about Tony, and after that fragile hope he'd been nurturing all night.
As a precaution—mainly because of Tony's distrust towards Fury and his people—they hadn't shared the location of the secondary hideout with the resistance. Clint wouldn't know where they'd gone when they hadn't been able to stick around at the workshop.
"Rhodey. I remember," Steve said, stunned. He'd seen the man in pictures more often than in person, but he knew Tony and Rhodey had studied together. It was no wonder Steve hadn't recognized him at first; he looked much older now, perhaps in his fifties. It couldn't be the same body he'd had back in the past, but it might be that he'd only switched clones once.
"It's not too late. We're here, now." Subconsciously, Steve reached a hand towards him, though Tony might not even notice it in the dark.
There was a lone guard standing between them and the Vault. Seren offered to take care of him, but Bucky insisted on doing it. He seemed wary of the dinosaur. No doubt he only saw claws and teeth when he looked at Seren. He wasn't used to her kind, and couldn't tell how poorly she looked; so thin that one could discern the outlines of delicate bones under her scales and her miserably scrawny coat of feathers.
Beneath the ice-cold skin, a faint pulse taps against Steve's fingertips. It's no wonder that he missed it earlier, because it's terribly slow, the pauses between beats stretching out for several seconds, but it's there, nevertheless.
Of course, the one person Bucky wondered about the most was Tony Stark. Tony had described Steve to Bucky as "someone very dear to him", and after seeing Steve's despair when he'd feared Tony was dead, and the tender way he'd cared for him, it was obvious Steve felt the same way. Bucky hadn't seen Steve like this before. Steve could be gentle when dealing with civilians, but this was something else. Something deeper.
As glad as Bruce was to see that his friends had finally sorted out their issues, this was way out of line. He rapped on the glass, hoping to catch their attention. “Guys. Uhh. Guys. That’s not appropriate quarantine behavior.”
He opened his eyes ever so slightly. The light in the room around him made his head hurt even worse, like liquid fire flowing into his synapses. He gasped and shut his eyes again. At least he'd seen enough to orient himself.
"I guess you're stuck with the babysitting routine, then," Steve says, and starts clearing the table.
That took Bucky by surprise—she was certainly giving him a lot of responsibility, considering how new he was. "I've got to say, I'm flattered you trust me so much," he admitted. "You barely know me. You don't even know my full name."
"Tony, you need to get out of here," Rhodey was saying in Steve's ear; they must've left the line open on purpose.
It would've been simple to rush into these places as Captain America, grab some fishy-looking fellow by the shoulders, and shake him until he said something useful, but Steve would rather not go that route if he could avoid it. Instead, he decided to try a subtler approach. He swapped his costume for a regular suit and tie—something he rarely wore—and set out again. The first place on his list was a restaurant, and he hadn't eaten since breakfast. He might as well kill two birds with one stone.
Pepper had mentioned Dr. Killian as a member of the competing party, but she hadn't talked about any casualties. Maybe she hadn't known. Still, Steve was willing to bet that collapsed temple would be the same one Tony had been stuck in.
"Some doors are better left unopened. Or should that be ships, unboarded?" Tony joked. It wasn't funny.
"It's not a permanent solution," Tony said, opening his arms, then clasping his hands behind his back, still giving a decidedly anxious impression. "Just something I wanted to try out, since I had the chance. Obie had asked for a set of new clones, and it just happened that they hadn't yet matured to the age he usually went for. And it kind of felt like the thing to do. Because of, you know, this whole unfinished thing between us." He released his hands again to wave one of them in the air between them.
Lost in thought, Steve shifted his hand on Tony's chest so that it rested over the metal plate protecting the device that kept him alive.
He resisted the urge to look back over his shoulder as he walked away. As suave as Tony was, Steve wasn't going to let that affect his judgement. He knew he needed to stay impartial. Even if Tony's background made him an unlikely culprit, it wasn't impossible that he was somehow involved in whatever had caused the fires. So far, Steve didn't have enough information to come up with even the beginnings of a theory for what might be going on. He needed more to work with.
As the pack came loose, a shrill alarm sound sliced through the air. "Alert! Property damage detected!" the cab complained.
"Looking for someone," Tony said. His casual, amicable expression gave nothing away. He might've just meant that he was looking for company, for all Steve knew.
Tony's just discovered that he can finally move his mouth and his hands again when Steve returns and sits down next to him.
"Thank you," Steve repeats. He was prepared to take the phone and go look for a signal himself, but he is truly grateful that the Finn will do that instead, so he can return to Tony right away.
That android might've been as smart as JARVIS before it was damaged and rendered inert. Tony doesn't know how it ended up in that cave. Maybe it used to be a part of some team. Maybe it had friends who cared for it like Tony does for JARVIS.
"No, you know things because you've spent a lifetime poking around in my brain," Tony said, staring at the floor.
"Yes. He was unconscious, but my suit AI could pick up his vitals until he got out of range," Rhodey confirmed. "I didn't see the hit that knocked him out. He was injured, but I don't know how badly."
Pepper nodded. "It does, indeed. I wish I knew what was going on. I don't like this. It's hardly the first time Tony's been in trouble, but right now, I'm not sure what to think."
"Come on, come on, I want to see all of it!" Tony's hands came to rest on Steve's hips, tugging at his waistband.
"Yes," Steve replied. His mind instantly came up with the most likely reason for the gloomy looks and the fact that she was asking for him, specifically. With the realization came a cold emptiness in his chest. "Something's happened to Tony."
That, he hadn't been expecting. He found himself inordinately annoyed that he'd been so easy to spy on. "How?" he asked again.
"You can't," Tony says, leaving no room for conversation. "Look, I might be a few days. Keep Pepper company until then."
"Probably not," Tony said, still looking uncomfortable. "If I hadn't been, I wouldn't have met you, though."
Tony, or whoever he was, gave Steve another unpleasant smile, this one more condescending than cruel, and sat back again. "Oh, but I'm doing it, and I am Tony Stark. Ask anyone. Believe what you will, that won't change the facts." He picked a knife out of mid-air, a simple one with a double-edged blade. He placed the point of it against the soft skin beneath Steve's chin, forcing him to tilt his head backwards. "So, you know the question already. You can save yourself a lot of pain if you just tell me where you went."
On the fourth night since he'd woken up, after a day spent on useless interviews with Hammer, Nina, and Noa, Steve walked to the elevator in his apartment and requested the street floor.
"That's a good plan. I like everything about your plan." Tony's fingers were already reaching for Steve's waistline and feeling around for the fly. "Maybe we could start from the top and see how far we get?" he suggested.
Tony ran a hand over his face, feeling like a drowning man desperately reaching for a lifeline. It could explain everything. Loki had had the scepter with him all along. Maybe it had been messing with his mind from the get-go. Maybe he and Steve didn't match. Maybe it was all just magic and mind control.
chained in the Vault with his own eyes, and Seren had mentioned catching glimpses of other dinosaurs when she'd been moved to different parts of the castle. He wanted to set them all free, but how could he do that, when he couldn't even free himself?
A weapon like that could destroy a regular backup node in an organic frame, but it would take extended exposure and a high setting. Steve's frame was different, though. He'd already learned that it was less resistant. A hit to the head might kill him for good. If it didn't, Rumlow could just pick up a blaster and blow his node to pieces.
Tony turned around so that he was still facing Steve, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees. "Sure. Because we were always so good at that in the past." His tone was bitter, but self-deprecating, completely different from how Stane had ever spoken.
Tony still looked unconvinced. "There are reasons why we've been avoiding the police like the plague. I don't even want to count how many laws our plan's going to break."
"I wish I could," Tony said, tracing a line along Steve's collarbones with a fingertip. "I wish I could stay here, with you, for the rest of the day. Get some food. Have you for dessert. Pretend the outside world isn't there. I'd really like that. It's just not that simple."
Steve, distracted by his tangled emotions, just stood in place, not responding to the hug, but not pulling away, either.
Tony ordered two beers from the bartender, who was definitely more polite than the waiter at Lorenzo's had been, and pushed one of them towards Steve.
Jan soon returned with a sheet of paper that had at least fifty names written on it in a curly hand. "That's everyone I could remember, but I can't promise for sure that I haven't forgotten a few," she said apologetically.
With that, he vanished into thin air, leaving Steve alone in the quiet virtual bedroom, still tied to the bed. He felt like he'd been rescued in the nick of time, even though he was no closer to getting out than he'd been earlier. He tugged at the ropes binding his wrists. As soft and comfortable as they were against his skin, they also felt as unyielding as the earlier metal shackles. Depending on the parameters of the scenario, it was entirely possible they were impossible to break, no matter what he did.
By Bucky's reckoning, they were getting close to the first of the river crossings when Mona, at the head of the procession, stopped and raised a hand to signal that they should stop.
"Are you giving the orders, now?" Steve returned, but did as Tony had asked, pulling aside the bedspread to lay down on his back on top of the covers.
Steve didn't go to him right away, but walked to the bar first. He ordered two beers and carried them over to Tony's table.
Before Tony could finish the sentence, Steve grabbed fistfuls of his shirt, slammed him into the nearest wall and smashed their lips together.
"Tony?" he asks sharply, and gives Tony's bicep a squeeze. Then he waits, stock still, hoping ardently for an answer, or any reaction at all. There's nothing except for another breath, this time with an audible exhale. It's not much, but he decides it's clearly an improvement.
"God, Steve, I was such an idiot. It took me forever to realize who he was. What kind of a nickname is "Bucky" for someone called James, anyway?" Tony asked.
He couldn't blame her for being concerned. He was long past concern, himself; he was downright terrified. Every breath took effort, with the relentless ache and tightness in his chest.
"Well, I'm sure she can fill you in." In slow, cautious moves, Randall picked up a blue bundle of cloth from a cart by the bed, and offered it to Steve. "It's just a bathrobe. Of course, if you prefer your current state of undress, you won't need it."
Tony clung to the jacket, pulling it tight around himself, but shaking his head as he did. "This is not real. Still not real. It'll just hurt more if I fall for it. You're not Steve. You're not real," he repeated to himself.
"Maybe. I don't know," Steve said. "That question would be easier to answer if I understood who you are."
"We theorized this could happen," Tony explains to Sam. He seems to have calmed down a little now that he has Steve in front of him, Steve's hand clasped in his. "We didn't know, of course, but it seemed likely there might be some kind of a unique response the super soldier serum induced in him when he got too cold. A kind of hibernation. If you look at his brainwaves, that's not sleep. That's more like a coma."
As for the two of them—Pepper never asked Tony whether he wanted to test if they were a match. He didn't bring it up, either. It was obvious enough that they weren't. No need to rub it in.
Steve got up to check the doors, and found that the one that didn't lead to a restroom was locked. He could've easily forced it open, but decided against that; he couldn't do it without drawing attention to himself, and for all he knew, it could've just as easily been a broom closet.
"Look who's talking! It didn't occur to you that maybe you should have a proper conversation with me before turning to potentially lethal medical experiments?" Steve said, his earlier anger returning. The force of it was downright scary through their bond.
Dear heavens—how bad was it going to be? Steve forced himself to take a deep breath as he waited to hear it, trying to prepare for the worst.
Steve wasn't quite sure what Tony had been so worried about, and he didn't find out. Sure, Tony's come was very warm, too. It burned a little at the back of Steve's throat, like a good strong chili. That was actually nice. Definitely strange, but in an enjoyable way.
"Sure. You can pay me a visit any time. I'd give you my card, but," Tony spread his arms to unnecessarily indicate his lack of intact pockets. "My address isn't difficult to come by, anyway. I'll be at your service for whatever you need, Captain," Tony finished with a smile that, in spite of his grimy face, managed to look dazzling.
"I think she can be excused, considering what she had to go through last time," Pepper said sharply.
He pumped his hips even faster, making it feel like he was rubbing against every square millimeter of Steve's cock at once, finding every synthetic nerve ending—and then, suddenly, without warning, those signals crossed with the learned sensory patterns of his human mind in the frame's neural node, and everything shorted out.
"That guy from Upstairs bothering you, Joe?" a new voice joined the conversation, higher in pitch than the bartender's, but oddly gravelly. Looking to his side, Steve saw that the speaker was the hooded customer at the counter, who wasn't asleep anymore. The face gave him pause: it looked partly animal, with pale green skin and lizard-like eyes. A heavily modified organic fake, then; a rare type of frame to have, more expensive than most on the streets—and something no one on the higher floors would choose for themselves.
He'd reached a spot where there was a wide, shallow pothole breaking the tracks, no doubt where the explosive had been, when the culprits made an appearance. They stepped out of the jungle across the tracks from Tony: six figures dressed in browns and greens for camouflage, carrying guns.
Over the days following the battle, Steve found himself thinking about Tony a lot. He met Tony a few times, too, in debriefing sessions with SHIELD, and doing cleanup with the Avengers, like when they sent Thor and Loki back to Asgard with the Tesseract.
"Not much. I've been trying to figure it out, but haven't gotten very far," Steve said. He wasn't sure how much he should tell these people; the fact that they'd put a tracker on him didn't make them seem trustworthy, but protecting him from Tony did.
He climbed back onto the pier easily. Looking around, he saw two of the six thugs that were still on dry land break off from the group to run towards him. He hurried to pick up his shield and flung it at them, catching it again on the rebound. The first man collided into the second and they stumbled backwards, buying Steve enough time to crouch by the water and offer Maya his hand.
He's forgotten the big picture, too enmeshed in his own little drama with the android by his side. He remembers Obie's jab about him being busy playing house with his plastic pal.
Tony flashed her a rakish smile, as if he were posing for the fans of Marvels. "Don't worry. I'll be fine. I'm used to this kind of thing," he assured her, and turned to face the would-be kidnappers. "Alright. I'm here. Whatever beef you've got with me, we can settle it without involving the others."
From what Bucky had heard, many dinosaurs were supposed to be smart, but it was hard to picture this particular four-legged brute as being more intelligent than any other wild animal. Could it be trying to give orders to Stark? He couldn't quite make himself believe that. If anything, the conversations seemed like an owner trying to soothe a dog—and Stark was definitely the owner, not the dog. At one point, he even stopped his work and walked over to pat the creature's bony crest, next to the two huge and dangerous-looking horns. Bucky had to step in, then. He was supposed to be keeping guard, after all.
"It's even worse than I thought, then," Steve said, reaching for his gym bag. He had a feeling he'd do quite a few more rounds and maybe break a bag or two after this conversation. "Well, I don't think I want to know."
"No, but you should thank her," Tony said, ruffling the feathers at Seren's neck. "Seren saw me through some of the worst times."
"You think I didn't consider all of this decades ago when I made my decision?" Stane said, but his indifference looked feigned to Steve, and as he went on, it started to fade, turning into open anger. "I chose to give up my life as Obadiah Stane because that was a life spent in the shadows of others. First Howard, then Tony. Tony, he always had everything, and he never appreciated that. I deserve this life more than he ever did." He reached out to grab hold of Tony's chin, glowering at his unconscious face. Oblivious to the world, Tony didn't so much as twitch in response.
Steve wasn't even sure if this was a purely social occasion, or if business negotiations were supposed to be part of the meeting. Through the three courses, none of the talk sounded particularly official. Steve only took part in it when someone addressed him directly, and exchanged some pleasantries with Nina, the assistant sitting across from him. Pepper seemed to be having a more lively conversation with Noa, only occasionally casting a glance at Tony. The few times her eyes met Steve's, the look she gave was weary, like she wasn't enjoying this any more than Steve was.
He makes his workshop off-limits to Steve. Telling Steve about the armor without revealing where it originated and what was powering it would be tricky. Besides, there is always the slight chance that Kamski sent Steve here to spy on him. Better not risk it.
In spite of what Tony had just said, it felt very familiar, the shape of Tony's mouth and the softness of his lips against Steve's exactly as he remembered them. The way he responded was different though, the touch of the hand he placed on Steve's back featherlight, his lips parting only slightly. Steve didn't push it. Tony was in a new frame that he'd only had for a few hours. He didn't want to overwhelm him.
Steve didn't miss that Tony had danced around the matter of who he was actually looking for. He wasn't going to leave it at that. "So, this mysterious person you're after…"
"I'm sure he'll make a fine addition to the team, then," Tony declared. "Did you meet everyone already?"
"Oh? What's that?" Steve asked. He hadn't thought there were any secrets left. He crossed his arms, instinctively, then realized he'd done it, and made himself open them again, letting them hang by his sides. He didn't want to seem defensive or judgemental when he hadn't even heard what it was about.
He'd never touched another man like this before; he'd wondered, sometimes, when he'd thought about Tony, back when he'd first guessed they might be soulmates, if it would feel awkward. It didn't. Probably, the matching was a part of that: Tony's skin was as familiar as his own under his fingertips.
"I insist, Mr. Stark," Steve said, and put a hand on Tony's back to nudge him in the right direction.
"Hm. I suppose you could join me for dinner, I have no company today and the chef always makes much more than I can eat on my own," she offered.
Convincing himself that Stark was the enemy was getting more and more difficult. Nothing that Bucky had seen of him suggested that he was bad or evil. The way he kept interacting with the two dinosaur prisoners—the large beast in the Vault and the waist-height, sharp-clawed one in the cell close to his—didn't look like someone groveling in front of his masters, but like someone showing genuine compassion for his fellow prisoners. Then again, maybe those two things would look similar.
"You mean you would've preferred the possibility of torture, then?" Steve crosses his arms and stands up to tower over Tony.
The frown is starting to dissipate from Steve's brow. "Then you didn't kill him," he says, like that settles the whole matter.
Tony poured himself a drink and held it for a moment, looking thoughtful. "There are limits to what I can do, you know," he finally said. "Knocking five years off your sentence, sure. Ten, fifteen, maybe. Half of it or more? Hardly possible. You did commit a serious crime, Steve, conspiring against SHIELD. It was this close," he held his thumb and forefinger a few millimeters apart, "that they didn't just wipe you."
There were no eyewitness reports of the current scene aside from the cab driver who'd spotted the flames and smoke and called in the authorities. He hadn't seen anyone at the site, and the firemen had been grim when Steve had asked about potential victims. If anyone had been inside the building when they'd gotten here, that person wouldn't be alive anymore. No one could've survived this.
Returning to the workshop, he spotted some shifting lights in the far corner. Maybe someone else was awake, too. Watching his feet so he wouldn't stumble on any tech or tools lying on the floor, he crossed the room towards them.
Steve frowned. Even if that was a joke, it was incredibly irresponsible. Frames like this weren't on sale for the general public, and they certainly weren't around to be bought as expensive sex toys. The annoyance was like a bucket of ice water over his head, washing away his good mood.
Luckily, she didn't need any encouragement; realizing that Captain America was standing right there, willing to listen to her woes, seemed to be enough to open the floodgates. "I should've called the police the first thing when I heard those noises from upstairs! If only I'd known it'd lead to this—the thing is, the tenant there hadn't been around for over a month, and then suddenly there's all this shouting and thrashing around, and the next thing I know, the fire alarm is going off! I really hope it won't spread to my home!"
Steve had done plenty of covert operations during the war, often without the costume, with varying success. He'd never felt at home doing them. He didn't think he'd make a very good spy.
Tony prodded his arm. "You're no fun as an audience," he complained, though his tone was light. "It's all true, and it felt pretty darn awful. That bolt shut down the repulsor pump, and it's only because I had Rhodey there to help me get it running again that I'm still talking to you."
The tension lingers in the air between them for a moment longer, until Kamski seems to make up his mind. "Well, fine," he relents. "But only because I've always liked you, Tony." He motions at the armchairs. "Let's try this again from the top, shall we? Take a seat. Can I get you anything? Chai? Coffee? Caffeine still okay for you?"
Like all the clothes in Steve's wardrobe in Stark Tower, the coat was of the highest quality, with fabric that was water and wrinkle proof, and a design looking stylish enough that it wouldn't be out of place in a smart casual business function on the highest levels. Steve took it off and handed it over.
"Yes, yes," Tony muttered, entirely distracted by the sight of Steve hurrying towards him across the campsite, as perfect as ever. With the sunlight making his hair look even more golden than usual, he was the most stunning thing Tony had seen in ages.
She knew how badly Steve wanted to get to Tony, and he was grateful to her for considering that. "Thanks. Let us know if there's any trouble."
Steve moaned at the combined sensations. He wanted this to last; it was like a dream come true that he didn't want to wake up from, but he was so very close already.
"They're breaking enough laws themselves. They put a tracker on me, off the record, for their own purposes. They also picked me up from the street just to have a chat, even though they knew who I was and that I was technically breaking my parole," Steve pointed out. "We need more people to pull this off. They could provide that, plus Natasha, a contact who's still working for Stane."
Over these past months that they'd been working together, Tony had told Steve his greatest secret: that of his damaged heart, and what it took to keep it beating. Steve wanted to believe that Tony had shared it because he trusted Steve just like Steve trusted Tony, but it had, at least in part, also been born of necessity. Sometimes, Tony needed help maintaining the repulsor pump, and if there was no one else around, the task fell to Steve.
After who knew how many days or weeks, Tony's building project was nearly finished. If only his other project had been equally successful. Even though James seemed sympathetic and made the occasional friendly gesture, like bringing Tony an extra slice of bread, or warm water and a bar of soap for the rare opportunity to clean himself up, Tony still hadn't been able to convince him to let him out of the dungeon.
The room was quiet around him. No phones ringing. No one knocking on the door. No mysterious signals from the universe, or from his few remaining friends, to tell him to stop. Of course, he'd muted all communications and had soundproof walls, so there wouldn't be.
"Not to mention that the crew we've got for implementing this plan is currently gathered in this room. Hardly optimal," Rhodey said regretfully.
Even if his shelter keeps the worst of the rain away, it's obvious that he can't stay here. He has to get up and start moving, rain or not, or he'll freeze to death.
He'd originally planned to prevent the kidnapping without having to talk to Tony at all, but after ending up out here, and after keeping an eye on Tony as he slept through the sedation, he'd almost started looking forward to having a conversation. He hadn't been expecting overflowing gratitude, or that Tony would forget all the bad blood between them at the drop of a hat, but he'd thought Tony would at least acknowledge Steve's helpfulness, even if it was in a quippy, off-hand manner. More than that, he'd been sure Tony would see that the smartest course of action would be to stick together, just for the sake of survival. During the quiet hours of his vigil, Steve had painted an entire picture in his head of the two of them traversing the wilderness together, the shared predicament bringing them closer and helping them put the past behind them.
"Should I be? Is there something unusual about it? More dangerous than most?" Tony asked, shifting to sit on the edge of his chair, leaning towards Steve.
He was met by silence broken only by the sound of water dripping down the stone walls and his own strained breathing. He could only imagine how loud the wheezy undertone would be in the sensitive ears of a
Kamski picks up his cup of whatever blend of tea he prefers these days, and shakes his head at Tony, his expression nothing short of patronizing. "You can't murder an android, you know. They're not alive to begin with. Unless you actually killed a human being to get the parts you used, you have no reason to feel like that."
With his arm flung over his face, he could see a vast expanse of space, stars blocked by the alien army in front of him, monstrous machine-beasts and spacecraft too large to comprehend, an assault force that could take over Earth in a matter of hours. He shuddered and pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes instead. The vision shifted, the colorful blotches behind his closed eyelids coalescing into a radiantly smiling face, handsome, blonde and blue-eyed—and almost as intimidating as those aliens.
"Long and productive day with the police, Cap?" Ultron's contemptuous voice greeted him as he entered the limo.
"There's no reason you have to deal with it alone, though," Steve pointed out. "And I'm not talking about myself. You have friends, people who care about you. You didn't even tell them what was going on, did you?"
"Some, yeah," Steve replied. "Look, you can stop pretending that you care for my well-being. If you did, I wouldn't be here, in this frame."
Natasha had walked over to stand on the other side of Tony's chair, one hand on his chest, looking from his face to a scan display on her watch-projected screen. "Ultron. The police override still holds," she said. "Let him out."
Steve searches every square inch of the room, and comes up with no clues regarding his location, let alone a phone. All in all, the place doesn't seem like anyone's home, but rather like some kind of a free-to-use shelter.
The gear he's got includes a few hooks. He unravels a length of paracord to reveal the thin inner strands, which will make the fishing line. All he needs now is bait. That requires digging around for worms. Not something he's ever envisioned himself doing, but hey, at least dirt under the nails is less painful than needles.
It occurs to him that he left the parachute and the simple survival gear in its container with Tony. It's not much more than a pocket knife, a compass and some fire starting tools, and it's probably for the best that Tony has those. Steve, who was tied up only briefly while trying to rescue Tony, managed to escape with a knife he'd grabbed from one of the kidnappers. It's much better than nothing.
The truth was, Steve wasn't entirely sure what that had been and what, exactly, had happened. Even though he'd never admit it, deep down, he kind of wished it had been a kiss. The thought came with an instant wave of guilt; he was sure Tony wouldn't have wanted that. It was wrong. He might be incredibly confused about his feelings for Tony, but he'd gotten a pretty strong impression that Tony couldn't stand being around him.
Whatever he'd thought might be going on between him and Tony, that must've all been in his head. They weren't soulmates.
Bucky looked at the camp around them, all the different dinosaurs and humans working together. He still thought many of the dinosaurs looked menacing, but they were quite beautiful, too, in their own way.
"I'm not going anywhere," Steve reassured him, settling down to sit by his side, but leaving a good meter of space between them to make sure he wouldn't seem threatening.
"Oh, no, I have no idea. It's a complete mystery to me." Tony leaned closer to press a kiss on the inside of Steve's thigh, halfway towards his knee, and started working his way closer along it, licking and nibbling at the sensitive skin. Before he got all the way to Steve's cock, he curved upwards, continuing towards his hipbone instead, letting Steve's cock brush the side of his face.
The thought that Tony was gone and Steve had gotten off the hook without having to face any consequences at all for their encounter at the inn made him feel relieved and guilty at the same time. Since no one else knew about it, it was almost as if it had never happened. It was too easy.
It takes effort, but Tony suppresses the exasperation that tries to bubble up, and doesn't groan or roll his eyes. "Pepper, take a deep breath and focus for two seconds. I'm me. I haven't been replaced by a robot."
He'd only been back for a matter of hours, and he already found himself questioning his choice to return. He could’ve been on the run, now. Instead, he was here, staring at a hint of sunset hues visible through the thick cover of clouds from his glass-walled prison.
"Wasn't easy," Rhodes said. "For someone who supposedly doesn't give a damn about you, Tony sure keeps a close eye on that phone you sent him."
He felt like he owed it to Tony to tell him of this decision as soon as possible. Since Tony would probably come up with some excuse if Steve suggested an actual meeting, he called Tony instead.
The last shreds of sleep slowly clearing away, Steve did remember: the candid middle-of-the-night conversation with Tony, and falling asleep holding him. Almost as if they'd gotten another shot at that last night in the past.
"If that's the case, I wish he'd choose to cooperate with me instead of hiding," Steve said, unable to hide his exasperation.
"Good evening. This is Steve Rogers," Steve began, purposefully making his voice soft and a little higher in pitch than usual, so that Jarvis hopefully wouldn't recognize it. "You won't have any idea who I am, but—"
"The last time you tried to get up didn't go too well," Bucky pointed out. The wave of fear he'd felt when Stark had collapsed was still fresh in his mind. He was pretty sure Stark had actually stopped breathing for a moment, and Bucky had thought it was all over. He would do everything he could to avoid a repeat occurrence. "I'll give you a lift."
"Well, because of the trouble he mentioned, he's had to go out of town, indefinitely," Jarvis said. "But he's asked me to tell you that if you've got a day or two to spare on a trip to the Adirondacks, he'd very much like to see you."
Tony stood up again, frowning at him. "You've got the best reflexes money can buy. You really shouldn't be stumbling. Maybe I should call the clinic, have them take a look."
"You could still turn around," Ultron suggested. "No matter what you think you can achieve here, it's not going to work."
Disappointed but not too surprised, Steve starts making his way back, picking a different route up, still looking around as he goes.
For a while, they sat there, holding on to one another in a silence disturbed only by the background hum of the simulated ventilation of their virtual space station. A huge cargo ship made its way across the view in front of them, lugging nonexistent cargo through an illusion of space.
He comes home feeling better, on the emotional level. Physically, it's a different story. The time spent in the armor takes its toll. He probably needs to work on that part. If he's planning on extended stays in it, he'll need to make more accommodations to the demands of his body. He won't be getting any younger, that's for sure.
He buried his face in his hands. He wanted to scream out his despair; he felt on the verge of tears, at the end of his rope. He had no idea what to do next.
"What you actually should do is take me with you, the next time you go out there," Steve continues. "You know it's what I was built for, and you're right. I'm not a nanny, or a butler, or a personal assistant. I'm a soldier. Let me do what I was created to do."
Tony slid Steve's cock out of his mouth, but held on to it with one hand, letting Steve's come land on his face, on his chin, and lower down on his throat and chest, a wide grin on his lips.
There was a soft, metallic click behind him: the helmet detaching from the rest of the armor. Iron Man set it down on the ground by his gauntlets. All Steve would have to do would be to turn his head slightly, and he'd see Iron Man's face. It would be so easy, and he wanted it so badly, but he'd promised, and he kept his promises. He knew from experience how difficult it was to deal with secret identities. He wouldn't betray Iron Man's trust. He kept his eyes on the wall in front of him.
"Well, then, for the record, you're welcome to join me in the shower again anytime you wish," Steve said, in the flirtiest voice he could muster. "In armor or without."
"He told me himself, yesterday afternoon. That's one of the reasons I decided to call you," Pepper explained. "He seemed kind of anxious, but he kept it all vague, just said that he had some things to deal with and that he'd be lying low for a few days. I don't have any idea what those things might be, but I'd bet it's all related to the fires."
Steve stared at the short message in confusion, and read it through several times. The values didn't mean anything to him, but he could only think of one thing that "We're a match" could possibly refer to.
Steve should've been afraid, probably. He'd seen what Tony and that artifact could do—since it was looking more and more likely that Tony had caused the fires, and was in fact the mysterious burning man. The only sliver of hope that might free him from responsibility was that someone else had been using the artifact those times, but Steve wasn't sure he could bring himself to believe that.
Steve felt Pepper shift next to him, and her hand landed on his knee. It didn't matter that Steve knew who it belonged to, it was an instant tactile reminder of Tony and the virtual bedroom, and with it came a landslide of memories that'd up to now been kept at bay by constant action. Memories of not just violation, but of blood and pain and death. Steve flinched, trying to back away.
"Never mind. Something from the outside world," Bucky said, with a dismissive wave of his good hand. "Anyway, plenty of animals look scary but are actually peaceful and just defend themselves when threatened. What makes these dinosaurs so different?"
He picked up the painkillers he'd been handed earlier, and realized he didn't even know how to take them. Yet another detail about the future he hadn't caught up on yet. They were some kind of thin strips, wrapped in paper.
"You know I get around a hundred emails an hour, I can't possibly keep track of all of them," Tony replied dismissively. "Yours have the highest priority, of course, but I've been busy."
"That's very kind of you, Miss. I realize this is a lot to ask, but is there, by any chance, a phone here that I could borrow for a moment? Would save me the trouble of driving around and visiting all those places," Steve tried, his smile firmly in place.
"No, I didn't know him, I just read his stories. He was a celebrity, and then he went missing. I guess that's when he ended up here," Bucky said.
Steve couldn't claim to understand all the legal aspects of their situation, but he knew that if they followed through the entire process, it would be very messy, and could take years. They had a strong case to show that Stane was guilty of several serious crimes, but in putting up a fight against him Tony's side had broken the law as well, starting with the three frame kills. Steve remembered some precedents from the past where crimes against one's own clone while it was illegally possessed by someone else had been disregarded; technically, it was still their clone, and therefore they were allowed to do whatever they wanted to it. He wasn't sure if that'd be the logic applied to Tony's case.
For a moment, they stayed like that: Steve leaning forwards, carding his fingers through Tony's hair, Tony on the floor between Steve's legs.
Inside, the bar was small and mostly empty at such an early hour. The customers consisted of one group playing cards in a corner, and a nondescript hooded figure slumped over the counter, hopefully asleep instead of something worse. The bartender who got up to face Steve as he entered was the oldest-looking person Steve had seen since he'd woken up, the deep wrinkles in his sallow skin suggesting that he had to be at least seventy. He didn't greet Steve, just kept a close eye on him as he crossed the room and took a seat on one of the bar stools.
Tony crawled over to sit between Steve's legs, caressing Steve's thighs with both palms in long strokes, from knee to hip. "Decent doesn't even begin to cover it. I may be biased, though. It's a frame with you in it."
Steve brought his free hand to the back of Tony's head, smoothing his unruly hair. "I'm glad to be here."
"Is it? From where I'm standing, it's yet another example of you being a condescending jerk, assuming you know what's best for everyone without bothering to ask what they think. Well, let me tell you what I think: I've had enough of it, and I've had enough of you," Tony snaps at him.
"You can—" Tony began, but then, for no apparent reason, drew back his hand and sat up straight. "Didn't I tell you not to disturb me?" he said to the empty room around them, his eyes unfocused. Clearly, he was addressing someone outside the scenario that Steve couldn't hear. Whatever it was about, it wasn't making him happy.
Steve made it as far as the bar-reception area on the street floor before the first wave of guilt struck him.
"Yeah. I guess most of us are," Tony said, resigned. He turned onto his side to face Steve, trailing his fingers along Steve's arm.
"No, it was nothing like that!" Steve tried again, thinking fast, reaching out for some lie that would make things better. "I didn't send him. He came to me, after he'd met you. He knew you were in some kind of trouble, and he'd heard I was looking into this case."
Jarvis hadn't as much as implied that Tony had been away, but that didn't have to mean he was being secretive; it was equally likely he'd just thought it wasn't relevant.
"Nick Fury," the man introduced himself. "It's an honor to meet you, Captain Rogers. Please, take a seat. Barton, make sure no one bothers us."
As long as Tony hadn't been recognized as Tony, though, the rest of the case stood still. So Steve waited.
It really grates on Tony's nerve to hear Obie refer to Steve as an "it," let alone a "product" or a "freebie." It's dehumanizing. And yet, it's not wrong. Steve isn't a human. Tony knows that. You can't dehumanize what's not human.
Rhodey shakes his head, his lips quirked into a slight smile. "None taken. So, are you at least going to introduce us?"
Steve doesn't budge. Technically, he's not disobeying an order, because Tony didn't word it as one. "It's not nothing. You're not expendable any more than I am," Steve says. There's a note of warmth in his voice that Tony doesn't think androids should be capable of.
The sun was starting to set, the sky blossoming into a magnificent display of colors. Its beauty also felt like a warning. Once it grew dark, the cliffs would become precarious to navigate. Steve hadn't even taken a torch with him. Natasha hadn't said anything about how long she'd be gone. What if she wouldn't be back until morning?
He had all this gene technology at his use, with some of the world's best minds on his payroll—Stark Industries' biotech division had grown way past being a glorified high-tech dating service. They were involved in plenty of medical genetics research. Diagnostics and therapeutics. They were good enough at it that they'd probably be able to rid Pepper of Extremis.
The nurse makes a mildly amused face. "I wouldn't know, I wasn't there. Whoever it was, he didn't leave any contact details, but said we should contact Pepper Potts, instead, which we've done."
When he lay down in bed and closed his eyes, his thoughts kept going back to the evening's events, and it took him much longer than usual to fall asleep.
All too soon, Iron Man sat up straight, picked up his helmet, and clicked it back into place. "Was that okay? Feeling better?" he asked. Even though there was warmth in the metallic voice, it still sounded at odds with the tender way he'd been touching Steve.
He rolled onto his side and placed his arm across Tony's chest. "I find that hard to believe. You don't seem like a bad man."
"I'm just glad to see you're better," Steve says, keeping it sincere and straightforward. "I thought you were dead, when I found you."
"Wait," Steve grunted, trying to dig his heels in as they reached the destroyed window. The darkness outside was broken here and there by soft light from nearby buildings and the bright pinpoint headlights of passing cars.
He had no idea how long it had been since the Northerners had condemned him to rot in his cell without food or water. There was no light aside from the small lantern, so his perception of the time of the day was long gone. He also couldn't tell how much the constant gnawing headache was courtesy of Rumlow, who had paid him a few visits to add more bruises to his collection, and how much because of dehydration and desperate hunger. He was cold, too; his clothes had been chosen to suit the humid warmth of the jungle, not for an underground cell. The bullet graze on his shoulder, which had already been healing nicely, didn't seem any better now than it had on the way here, twinging whenever he moved his right arm.
"Hi, Tony," Steve said, as casually as he could. "I just thought I'd let you know, Fury offered me a job in D.C., and I'm going to take him up on it. So, I'm grateful you asked me to come stay in the Tower, but I'll have to say no."
wanted Steve. If Steve wasn't his exact match, there might be someone else out there who was. Tony felt sorry for the poor bastard. He wasn't about to go looking for them.
Steve was glad to follow that order, so he could offer some attention to Tony's body as well. He poured a generous amount of lube over his hands and got to work. Tony's hundred percent biological skin, hairless not by design, but because he chose to groom it, felt silky smooth under the pads of Steve's fingers as he ran them between his butt cheeks. Even more delightful was the tightness of his hole around the fingertip Steve pressed inside. "Like this?" he asked.
"That was a mistake," Steve admits plainly. "One that very nearly killed you. And even though I was lucky and didn't run into any trouble myself, I could have, and I would've been worse off alone, too."
"Of course I do!" Tony exclaimed, spreading his arms. "Why the hell would I kill myself? I'd know it'd be a futile exercise. No, I'm sure I didn't want to do it. More than that, I'm pretty sure I even know how they made me do it. It was some kind of implanted suggestion, slipped in through a VR link. See, I usually avoid any kind of VR hookups outside of home. Call me paranoid, but you never know what's in there. So, of course, the one time I break that rule—I think I've learned my lesson. Never mind how expensive the setting or how much they praise their safety measures."
This conversation was only growing more confusing as it went on. "Important to whom? To Tony? To you? Just what kind of police are you anyway?"
"You're not going to sell that as some kind of an altruistic show of goodwill when you did it because it happened to suit your needs," Steve pointed out. "So, let's get on with it. What do you know about these assassins so far? How did they kill those two clones?"
He mapped every square inch of his small wooden prison, searching for weak points or any tools he could use to break out, although he knew his chances of a successful escape here were close to nil. The jungle had offered countless opportunities to hide, but the Northern Plains were a wide expanse of grass and rock with almost no cover. Whenever he saw his captors, he tried to strike up conversations, but they came to nothing. Most of the Northerners clearly didn't like him at all. The only one who seemed at all curious was the metal-armed young man, who he'd learned was called James, but even he was wary and kept his answers to Tony's questions brief.
He closed his eyes. Reality faded away, and then coalesced again into a white corridor almost entirely devoid of features, continuing until it disappeared into the distance. There were closed white doors along both sides, and for a second, he feared he'd have to spend hours breaking through all of them, but when he turned around, he saw that one right next to him was wide open.
Steve sat down, stretching his arms and legs, his frame on full display. It really was a handsome one, if he said so himself, with the wide shoulders, impressive arms and firm pecs nicely contrasted by the narrow waist. He'd definitely place it in the top ten frames he'd been in,  if someone asked him to make an aesthetic judgement.
Tony looked disappointed for a moment, but pulled himself together quickly and gave Steve a wistful smile. "Fair enough. I understand. Still, in case you change your mind, I'll try to be at the bar downstairs tomorrow night, if I can."
His heart had stopped for what must've been at least a minute as the medics had struggled to make sense of the mix of organic, synthetic and electronic parts in his chest.
"Captain, I hope you don't mind me calling you. I got your number from the card you left when you visited Tony's house. I know he hasn't contacted you, and I don't think he will. He didn't want me to, either, but honestly, I'm starting to get concerned, and I'd like to talk to you. If you have time tomorrow, I'd be happy to meet. Before one o'clock would be best for me."
Eventually, he came up with a single clue, albeit one that was far too shaky for any conclusions. He spotted it while reviewing the security footage of the meeting, and it pointed at Pepper. It was a completely innocuous moment: Pepper patting one of Hammer's drones on the arm. Steve hadn't thought anything of it when it had happened, and Pepper had merely been following Hammer's example, but the drone she touched just happened to be the very same one that tried to shoot Tony. Steve knew that with the right delivery methods, such a brief touch might be used to sneak in a malicious piece of software. Then again, there was an equally good chance that it was just a coincidence.
Tony was hammering out a dent from a shoulder plate, courtesy of his most recent mission, when Rhodey called. Since Rhodey was on the very short list of people whose calls he actually tended to take, he picked it up right away.
Steve's hands stopped moving, but their solid weight remained on top of Tony's. "Trust me, I know exactly how that feels," Steve said. Tony had no trouble believing that; Steve had been through a life-changing transformation himself, after all.
"I'm just saying, I was scared shitless," Steve said, making Tony snort, and yeah, he usually didn't swear, but in this case, it happened to be an accurate description. "You wouldn't believe how scary it was, but it was okay, in the end. It felt weird, definitely. You can't really describe how weird it is, and at first it always took me a few days to start feeling at home in a new frame before I got more used to it, but eventually I always did. And so will you. I'll be around to help. It's going to be okay."
"I hope they're not permanently inert. Not much use then," Tony sneered, and nodded towards the door. "Luckily, I've got us covered."
Tony chuckled. "Of course you wouldn't. So, I suppose this means you'd like us to be more than friends, then?"
Steve had been worried that after the things that had happened in VR with Stane, physical contact with Tony might feel wrong. It didn't. It was the opposite. It felt like the way things should be, the warmth of Tony's body against his a soothing, concrete reminder of better times. He'd missed this, over the days he'd spent alone in this future that was foreign to him. The touch of someone who knew him and might, in some way, understand him.
"A proper super soldier, huh," Happy comments. Tony knows him well enough to see that he's impressed, and possibly envious, too. "Well, I guess with everything that's happened recently, another pair of hands isn't a bad idea. Just so you know, I'm in charge of the boss's security, so you'd better do as I say."
Steve had only ever visited some of the public floors of the Tower, never those that made up the Starks' private residence, so he couldn't say if the interior had changed, but Tony did look different.
He must've been incredibly distracted not to notice Tony's approach. Considering the number of enhancements his current frame had come with, he should've heard the footsteps long before Tony had even opened the door.
Tony's new clone was picture-perfect. The regular cloning process produced a body that was genetically identical to the original it was based on, but in the past, there had always been imperfections—things like moles and birthmarks that wouldn't be in the same places. Not anymore, it seemed. Every detail on the hairless skin of his upper body was exactly as Steve remembered. He bent to kiss a mole that was just below Tony's collarbone, and then another, lower, on his side.
That was an honor that many of Bucky's friends would envy; usually the Mayor dined with her assistants or the highest-ranking officers in the resistance. On some other day, Bucky might've felt flattered, but today, when he wasn't sure about anything, he was just glad that he could have the time to discuss his conundrum with her.
Tony ran a hand through Steve's hair. "No need to worry, it's lovely. I should've guessed you'd be all gentle and chivalrous, the nice guy that you are," he said, smiling at Steve as if he were the best thing in the world.
She rolled her glassy eyes. "Of course I'm not lying. That would be a dumb way to do business. So. One coat of your choice, whichever one you want, and fifty coins."
"Thanks," Steve said, doing his best to keep his expression neutral and non-confrontational. Better play the clueless outsider. "I think I know already. Can I have the minestrone and the ossobuco, please?"
The situation would be slightly better if he ran out of charge instead of dying of thirst, because then, the sunstone wouldn't do anything unless the Northerners happened to take it under the sun to replenish it. He knew he wouldn't, though—he could only last days without water, while the sunstone's charge would last for several more weeks, at minimum. The last time he'd charged it had been before he and Steve had started hiking up the Forbidden Mountains. He didn't actually know how long that gave him, since he had no power gauge and had never tested the limits of his virtually infinite power source. He had no idea what would happen once he started to run low. Normally, finding sunlight was never a problem. In the perpetual gloom of his windowless cell, it would be. Luckily, he wouldn't need it for a good while yet.
"No, really, I'm fine. I'm sure I'll feel better in the morning." Steve started walking towards the elevator again.
In any other situation, he could've easily fought Pepper off, but right at this moment, he was too weak. Pushing with a hand on his back and pulling him by the arm, she brought them both over the jagged edge of the hole, into the awaiting cold night air.
The light is orange instead of a healthy blue, which tells him that the android's biocomponents are damaged, but since it hasn't shut down, Tony might still be able to repair it. He'd have to improvise the hell out of it, though, because he doesn't exactly have access to CyberLife spare parts here. It'd also take a lot of time, which he doesn't have.
Jarvis sighed, clearly not eager about the prospect, but nevertheless, said, "I suppose I should, when Captain America asks."
"Even so, she's still right. We don't know the limits of his healing abilities, just as we didn't know the full extent of the rest of his powers," Jarvis noted.
The sonic taser was designed to be a peaceful means of crowd control, and it definitely didn't deserve approval for that. Even if it doesn't cause pain, it's scary as hell, especially if you don't know it's temporary. Preliminary testing also suggested that repeated or prolonged use could be a significant health risk. Tony doesn't know what reasons CyberLife had to shelve the SR100 line, but it can't be anything comparable.
"Let her go," Tony growled at the big man, who'd remained in the background by the cars, and was clearly in charge. This must be the Kingpin, then, Steve remembered from earlier.
All in all, Steve had clearly made the right call in hurrying over to see the fire first-hand. He had a number of new clues to follow, and two possible lines of inquiry: he could either look into Maya Hansen, the historian whose apartment was now in ruin, or Suave Simon, the mobster who might or might not have been involved in burning it. Unfortunately, both of these approaches seemed to lead him further from Tony, and from the mysterious burning man—the two people Steve was really interested in.
"I'm not going to give up hope quite yet. Perhaps you shouldn't, either, Captain," Pepper said. It was almost as if she were comforting him; he'd expected it to be the other way around.
"Do you want the honest answer?" Steve returned. Somehow, this dream felt wrong in a way deeper than just his dislike of the situation, worse than the previous one.
Tony lets himself put an arm around Steve, his palm on Steve's back, feeling the very life-like approximation of solid muscles. "Fair enough. You did. So, what's next?"
After that, he allowed Steve to help him across and settle him on the floor between seats, leaning against the fuselage. “You’ll feel better once we get some ice packs on those bruises," Steve assured him. "I just need to know the details of what we’re dealing with."
In a way, nothing had happened. Nothing had changed. Things were exactly the same as they had been before he'd woken up to that message. And yet, simultaneously, nothing was quite the same.
Instead of going back outside, they walked to the back of the garage and through a door leading deeper into the building. The route they took was a series of maze-like dank corridors. Once, they even went down a short flight of stairs and waded in ankle-deep water for a dozen meters, explaining why Pepper had gone to the trouble of providing him with boots. It wouldn't have been much fun barefoot. It still wasn't easy; Steve found himself getting more light-headed and shaky as they went on, relying more and more on Rhodey's support.
They were both happy to either pitch or catch depending on mood and the possible physical limitations set by Steve's frame-of-the-day. This frame was good for both, and considering how Tony had taken the lead tonight, Steve had been expecting him to want to top. He had no objections to Tony bottoming instead, though. "A solid plan, I approve," he said, sitting up and accepting the lube from Tony.
"Weird, like you said it would, but I think it's a good weird." Tony moved closer, properly into Steve's personal space, putting his hand behind his neck and pulling Steve's hands with it. "It doesn't feel quite real. Feels like I'm still in VR. I'm not on meds and nothing hurts. I'd forgotten you could feel so good while in frame space."
"Oh. Of course." Tony had known that. It was a defense mechanism, one that made a lot of sense. He'd just been too sick to think of it.
"Eurgh." Tony shuddered and pulled a face. "For the record, I hate that name. With a fiery passion. That, and pretty much everything else that has to do with amoromics."
Sam's not used to seeing Tony like this. He's been a huge fan of the Avengers and he's admired Tony's engineering genius for a long time. Tony's not just the brains of the team; he's the one who'll take the scariest of situations with a nonchalant joke and a cheeky grin, and then build his way around it in some way no one else could come up with.
"There's another option. We could work one of the doors off its hinges," Rhodey suggested, waving a hand towards the heavy iron joint connecting the door to the wall.
Tony grimaced to himself. On the most pacifist island in the entire world, of course he'd somehow manage to end up catching the eye of the local villains. He didn't even know what he'd done to make them want him—he'd been careful not to get Iron Man involved in the skirmishes with the Northerners.
On a typical day, Tony would head home after they were done. This wasn't the kind of relationship where they spent time cuddling. Steve prefered it that way, too, because their nights together tended to coincide with missions, and he needed time alone to clear his head. If Tony left now, though, Steve would definitely not learn anything new regarding the mysterious conspiracy.
There was no answer right away. This time, it was Steve who started pacing, and no one told him off.
"Then who could've—" Tony fell silent, the look on his face turning to open shock, his eyes wide and his mouth hanging open. "Steve?"
"They kept you in a box?" Tony's appalled to hear that, even though he probably shouldn't be. Steve isn't a person. He's a machine. If he's a prototype that never made it past the initial testing stages, it makes perfect sense they'd store him away. He's lucky that he hasn't been recycled for spare parts—like his predecessor was. By Tony.
Working together and traveling in secret, Steve and Tony regularly shared a tent. It was a question of convenience, nothing more—except that last night had been different. It had felt meaningful. It had felt like the first promise of something more.
That got the strongest reaction out of Tony that Steve had seen so far. His face twisted into open anguish, and he threw aside Steve's jacket, backing away from him on all fours, muttering "no, no, no," until finally slumping against the wall, legs folded under him, panting for air, as if that short distance had been so draining he couldn't go any further. "You can't know about that. You're not taking that from me," he said wearily, half-open eyes aimed in Steve's direction.
"Many of the things I said back then were entirely true. I've never met anyone like you. I don't think I ever will," Steve said solemnly. "I'm sorry that we didn't meet under different circumstances. Whatever comes next, I'm not going to forget that night."
"Yes, and she told it again, later, in more detail. She didn't know all of it, though. I was hoping you might fill in the gaps," Steve replied. "That's all I'm asking. Tell me what really happened, and I'll leave you alone."
Tony bit his lip. "I've thought about it, but I don't know. I'm not sure it'd work for me? You've got years of experience with fakes. I'm just so used to this body. It's a pretty nice one, isn't it?" He ran his fingers up along his thigh, stopping to rest his hand on his hip.
So, Bucky bit his tongue when he felt the others were being too relentless, dragging Stark up and pushing him to walk faster. Hurrying was a good idea; Bucky had no desire to spend more time than absolutely necessary in this jungle, and it'd taken them almost two days to cross on the way in, when they hadn't been slowed down by a prisoner.
He was hallucinating. He had to be. Steve couldn't be there, because Steve was thousands of miles away, and Steve hated him. Besides, Steve couldn't be there, not really, because it looked like he was right in front of Tony's face, and yet, Tony couldn't feel him at all.
Lina's expression grew even more somber. "It's because most of the land is ruled by terrible, tyrannical beasts. Dinosaurs."
Steve followed suit. After all, he was in a hurry, too. Sorting out the details of his plan and the few practical preliminary steps had taken several hours, even though they'd worked as fast as possible. Far too long. Every minute as a captive would bring Tony that much closer to permanent death.
Steve placed a hand on Tony's knee and gave him a solid look to stop his rambling. "Trust me, I know what I'm in for, and the answer's yes."
"Well. It's," Tony tried again. "I know this, this arrangement we've got isn't anything remotely romantic, and I know you know I don't tend to do the dating thing anyway, but I like you a lot, Steve. I thought I should tell you that. And that I wouldn't mind trying the dating thing with you, sometime. Like a proper relationship. Maybe get together while you're in your own body, for a change. That kind of thing."
"Stark!" Bucky exclaimed, abandoning the guard to crouch in front of Tony. "You gave me quite the scare! I wasn't sure you'd wake up again."
Steve follows him to the top of the stairs, but that's as far as he's allowed to go. He stands there, expression still gloomy. "Let me help," he says.
The way Obie catches him as his knees fold and helps him to the couch is nothing but gentle, and there are the soothing words coming out of his mouth. Tony can barely hear them over the rush of blood in his ears; the betrayal that takes his breath away even if the paralysis doesn't.
Staying out in the open would only make it easier for the drones to spot him. He needed to keep moving. He hadn't known this part of town well in the past, and now it was even less familiar. Picking a direction at random, he started jogging east along 168th Street, then taking several turns to side streets. He earned an occasional glance from the few passers-by that he came across, but most of them were minding their own business.
He feels like he should be apologizing to Steve for what he did to that other Steve—or whatever other name the other SR100 used—but he has no idea how Steve would take it, and Steve seems so fascinating. Tony wants to know the full story of this mysterious prototype model, and to understand why such a superficially perfect being would be abandoned to gather dust in some warehouse, or end up in a terrorists' lair.
"Which is?" Steve had been wondering about that. Apparently, he could've found out if he'd just known to ask "Natalie."
There were angry shouts and sounds of rustling branches and footfalls behind him as his captors came after him, but he'd gained at least a minute or two. He was fairly sure he'd move faster than them, even though having his hands tied behind his back made keeping his balance tricky.
Tony is gone, and he died thinking that Steve hates him, when nothing could be further from the truth. Yes, he'd been angry at Tony, furious after Siberia, and over the years they've known each other, he's probably been annoyed at Tony more often than not. Still, in many things, he's also admired Tony and respected him.
"You'll need to be a little more specific, I've got a lot of stuff," Tony returned. Of course, the things he imagined a mob boss might be interested in were such that he'd never consider handing them out, like the Iron Man armor and all the additional weaponry he and Jarvis had designed for it during the war.
He'd seen so much blood and death and destruction that sometimes he wondered how he stayed sane at all.
A week passed. It felt like a month. Altogether, Steve probably slept less than twelve hours. Even though his frame had a high tolerance for sleep deprivation, it was still organic, and he was starting to feel the strain. The world around him was growing unreal and laggy, like badly rendered ancient VR. Occasionally, he zoned out when people were talking to him.
He scans the thirium that he obtained from the android. It should have identifying information. Instead, it comes up entirely blank aside from a generic batch identifier, similar to what's in the fresh stock Tony ordered. He can trace that ID, but all it tells him is that the specific batch of blue blood was manufactured around a year ago, in mid-2027.
"You're not going anywhere, not anymore. Not until I get some answers. Where were you, Steve?" Tony asked again.
The conversation stayed with Bucky after he left the dungeon and Stark behind. He still managed to catch a few rays of the setting sun himself when he climbed up the stairs. Deep in thought, he made his way across the courtyard to the canteen, to join the other young resistance members who lived in the compound for the evening meal.
Steve quickly undid Tony's fly, and asked him to raise his hips off his seat so he could get rid of the final items of clothing. He tugged down Tony's jeans and his briefs in one go, dropping them on the floor, and paid no heed to the fact that Tony's cock was entirely soft. Either that'd change, or not. The last thing he wanted was for Tony to feel like he needed to perform for Steve's sake.
Both the reptilian and Barton were shouting after him, but there were no gunshots as he pushed his way out through the door—and almost collided with Natalie Rushman, who was waiting outside.
