Suddenly, Irene pushes him off her and commands him to move to the back of the humvee where there’s more room and Sherlock blindly does as he’s told.  He sits and stares silently at Irene and makes the conscious decision to just let her do whatever she wants.  Irene takes total control of Sherlock; to her, he’s nothing more than a living doll for all the input he’s giving.
And then David showed him what he’d been missing all that time locked up in the lab with his chemicals or in his room with his music.
“Sherlock, please, I have to be at the hospital tomorrow, I had a long day today and an even worse date tonight, I really don’t want to give up my bed,” she rambles.
you guilty verdicts!?  You’re
know why,” he says while shuffling his feet and staring down at the floor.  “Why don’t you enlighten me, Sherlock,” he finishes, bringing his devastating gaze to meet Sherlock’s own.
Lestrade shakes his head and says, “It doesn’t matter why you started, it just matters that you stop.”
He keeps replaying what happened over and over and over again.  How hurt he’d been at the thought that John had really been Moriarty all along, how relieved he’d been when it turned out he wasn’t, how scared he’d been thinking John was moments away from being killed, how guilty he felt that he’d rather John be strapped to bombs than have been the man who was after him.
Sherlock goes into the room marked JOHN HAMISH WATSON, 10 MARCH 1975 and starts to catalogue and index the entire terrain of John’s face so that he can go back to this every time he filters conversation or is bored or is having his second cup of coffee or is laying in bed and can’t sleep.  He memorizes this so he can remember a time when John was peaceful and safe in his hands and even sighed at the feeling of Sherlock wrapped around him and leaned into it because he couldn’t get enough of it.  John can never return Sherlock’s feelings so this will have to do, an elaborate lie of a memory where John is cognizant of what information his body is feeding to Sherlock and fully aware that Sherlock is in love with him and not only ok with it but encourages it.
“I remember looking over at Mum...her whole face just dropped.  She started crying, of course, saying how it couldn’t be true, she’d raised her right.  Harry tried to reason with her, telling her she was still the same Harry, just that she wouldn’t have to keep this secret anymore.”  He rolls his eyes again, seemingly trying to convince himself that he wasn’t affected by telling this long neglected story.
During that rerun episode of
detective, that sweet smell of his expensive almond shampoo and crisp, lavender washing detergent and light, musky aftershave and just a hint of lighter fluid and cigarettes he tries to hide that’s simply only described as
wants.
Sherlock never did find out what he missed.
“Why don’t we move to the bedroom,” the woman suggests in a breathy voice.  John plants another kiss on her lips, this time more passionately, before he takes her hand and turns around.
But then John walks into this life with his unboring leg and his unboring war stories and that unboring way he shot a man dead after knowing Sherlock for only a day.  John is a good person that reminds Sherlock how to be a good person.  He wants Sherlock to be a good person.  And so Sherlock tries to be a person for him.
Sherlock resigns and says,
There’s no name tag on this slab, no paperwork either.  Only scissors and glue and sutures to articulate the bones back together so they can hang in the corner of a room for first year medical students to gawk at.  Sherlock picks up the skull again and stares into the space where eyes used to be.  He wonders why it’s so easy to look at the skulls in the museum and why it’s so nauseating to look at this one.
And for the first time, Sherlock addresses her.  “Tell me...tell me you want me,” he growls.
“Right,” he says, patting his jacket to make sure he’s got his wallet, keys, and mobile.  He turns out of the kitchen and yells as he’s walking down the stairs, “I won’t be in for tea tonight!”
Sherlock pumps harder and faster and clenches his eyes closed even tighter.  He moans loudly as he comes and his eyes flutter open towards the ceiling.  He stays like that, feeling empty and alone, and doesn’t know when he finally falls asleep.
“Inspector, I found traces o-- oh God, him again?!”
Sherlock turns around back to his plate and says quickly, “Depth of wrinkles in your forehead, firmness of the skin on your hands, your pock marks and acne scarring are only slightly visible, but still, the discoloration is just enough to tell your age.  Your clothing and fashion choices are in the style of most 30-40 years old now, trying to look younger but don’t feel younger.  There’s also an anti-aging cream in the bathroom you pretend you don’t use by putting it back in the same place every time.”  He turns around to face John but doesn’t look at him as he concludes, “I know you use it though.”  He looks up at John, “So you can stop pretending.”
”  John scolds, pointing at Sherlock with the newspaper to see him standing on the coffee table.  Sherlock looks at him genuinely confused and shrugs his shoulders.  John straightens himself angrily in his chair, resting his head in his hand.
“Did you really worship Kurt Cobain though?”
John’s eyebrows raise almost up to his hairline and Sherlock has to admit that he’s a little annoyed with this reaction.
After that, Sherlock thinks about John with reckless abandon.
Sherlock remembers filtering for the rest of that conversation, instead sitting in the room marked UNSOLVED MURDER CASES in his mind palace to see if he can resolve anything.  He doesn’t.  It only makes him more annoyed and irritated.
But one night, Sherlock had an incredibly vivid hallucination about an old friend of Mummy’s and her abusive husband.  She’d come round once and a while, and Sherlock was fond of her because she always brought special treats just for him.  But Mummy would sometimes shut Sherlock out of the room when Mrs Hudson would come over, and talk in harsh whispers behind closed doors.  Mummy nor Mrs Hudson ever knew Sherlock would secretly stand at the door and listen to all the awful things Mr Hudson did to his wife.
Later that night, Sherlock listens to
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock continues to lose himself and John keeps on cataloguing.  He wants to remember Sherlock this way. This is his detective at his most basic, his most primal, when his brain is turned off and he stops thinking a mile a minute and he just gives himself over to the moment.  John feels that familiar weight in his chest, wanting to stay here forever but knowing that’s impossible. He feels that weight and he wants to scream for everyone to hear “I AM IN LOVE WITH SHERLOCK HOLMES,” but can’t because he’s a soldier and soldiers conceal.
“Oh.  Did…” he squints at it, studying it quickly, “
“You know you can pretend I’m John,” she says grinding her sex against his slowly.  “I don’t mind, you’ve been doing it the whole time, haven’t you?  Trying to pretend I’m John Watson?”  She doesn’t stop her grinding.  She’s got the slow, maddening pulse down to a rhythm now.  She stares at him seductively, still working on getting him back to full hardness.  He still doesn’t touch her, still doesn’t utter a sound.
Sherlock groans and slips the flurazepam back into his dressing gown pocket.
John remembers that night with alarmingly Sherlockian detail.  He also remembers it was a week before Sherlock committed suicide.  He remembers it was seven days before Sherlock stood on the roof of St Bart’s and told him he was nothing more than a lie.  He remembers it was 168 hours before Sherlock told him to keep his eyes fixed on him, as if there was ever any other place John ever looked.  He remembers it was 10,080 minutes before he watched the love of his life throw himself off a four story building and land squarely on his head.
“I only started because it helped me think,” Sherlock whispers shakily, surprising even himself with divulging this secret.  “So much goes on and I can’t filter it out and it just helped me focus on…” Sherlock trails off and lowers his head.  It’ll take him a long time to realize that he can’t filter things out
starts playing in his mind and he nearly has to shake his head to get it to stop.  Sex Pistols?  He’s suddenly thinking
“John, ugh, John,” he says, voice heavy with arousal and want.  John peppers Sherlock’s cock now with sloppy kisses and Sherlock is done for.  He threads one hand into John’s hair and the other into the sheets, trying to stave off his orgasm but also just wanting to give in.  John coats his fingers in lube and then pushes one slowly into Sherlock’s hole. He cries out and pushes himself deeper onto John’s finger, making John feel like he could be a teenager again for how close he is to coming without actually having touched his own cock this entire time.
“Not anymore,” John calls from the stairs.  He doesn’t come back down until he needs to leave for the surgery.  He never finishes his toast or tea.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything for a few moments.  He knows what John is saying is the truth.  John is never wrong when it comes to matters of the heart.
“All right now?”  Sherlock asks, practically waiting on bated breath for John’s response.  John’s face softens again into a smile and he reaches out for Sherlock to join him back in bed.  Sherlock wastes no time in complying, he climbs back in next to John and fastens himself to his doctor.  It’s almost like they were made for each other, they way their bodies perfectly form together, how the peaks of John’s body corresponds to the valleys of Sherlock’s and vice versa.
“Yeah, I’m not the John Watson…” he hears himself snarl before he can rein in the anger and the boredom and the exhaustion.  He knows he’s a different John from the one Mike used to know, and it infuriates him that Mike thinks he’s not changed on an entirely molecular level since the last time they talked for any meaningful length of time.  But it’s not Mike’s fault that John didn’t keep him apprised of his wartime experiences, and so he catches himself before he really lets loose all the things he keeps bottled up inside. He knows Mike is just trying to be helpful.
John remembers that first crime scene with Sherlock.  Limping, confused, and awkward, John has no idea why he’s there or what’s going on.  All he knows is that these people do not like him, nor do they want him there. A female detective — a sergeant, in fact — in particular is not happy to see this Sherlock Holmes at all.  It’s painfully obvious because she greets Sherlock by calling him a freak. John can’t help but notice that’s all this DS Donovan can seem to address him as.
So now I’m doing whatever I want with my furniture,” he finishes in a monotone voice.
But when he isn’t having sex regularly, John tends to snap at Sherlock when he needs someone to talk at.  He’s not as nice in the mornings and won’t make another piece of toast for Sherlock.  He also argues with him about pointless things.   Pointless things like why Sherlock doesn’t bring anybody home.  He knows why John’s doing it; it bothers him that he can’t tell if Sherlock is gay or straight.  John likes to categorize people: man, woman; old, young; fat, thin.  These things, Sherlock doesn’t care about.  He just likes to read the stories  painted on people’s faces and share the secrets they try so hard to keep hidden.
“I...I don’t know what you want me to say to you,” Sherlock responds timidly.
“No, Sherlock,” he says sharply.  “Now go away, I’m reading.”
out for you?”  Sherlock snaps as he rolls his eyes dramatically.
Sherlock sits in his favorite chair and closes his eyes, mentally going over everything he knows about dear, sweet, lovely Mrs Spencer.
R&R?? My lady loves Persephone, Venus, and Mary shine most favourably on those who take a second to give a kind word to a stranger! XX K
John paused under his hands and shrank away slightly.
“D’you want lunch?” John asked Sherlock when he next appeared.
“You’re already on medication to deal with the injuries you received on… Sunday, was it?” The nurse frowned and consulted his chart. “Your dosage got lowered, in fact, due to the adverse reactions you had.”
“Doctors are coming,” Sherlock answered quietly. He wiped a smear of blood from John’s face with the back of his hand. “There are some people coming to help you.”
John smiled tightly. “Had a late night, Miss,” he said, scratching his chin. “Not feeling well.”
Oh, now he was just being ridiculous.
John frowned, now more irritated as a blush heated his face. “That wasn’t my main concern, if I’m honest.”
“Lying to me can incur additional charges against you, you’re aware.”
They reached the park entrance five minutes early, giving them enough time to locate the service and find a programme of sorts. They eventually found a good spot under a big tree to stand and watch from. There was a big service in Regent’s Park this year, though the pair of them had no idea why there were scooters lined up along the edges of each main path. No doubt they’d find out later.
John looked at Sherlock. Sherlock gave him a confident smile. He’d twist it any way they could to get John to stay with him.
He took his cane just in case, and found a camera already tucked into his coat pocket. When he set out, it was a beautiful day. Not warm, but bright. The wind was still bitterly cold but the storm had given way to a beautiful blue sky, and he decided to take a picture. He was no photographer but he didn’t get many breathtakingly beautiful opportunities like this. He took just one, of the green treetops in the distance under that stunning blue sky.
John kissed his shoulder again. “I won’t be forgetting that any time soon, if that’s what you were after.”
“I’m not that much drugged.” He took a hand from Sherlock’s neck to his face and rubbed his eyes. “Don’t you like me? Because of my chest?”
Once they’d eaten, John went around and gathered all of the plates and mugs from the living room without a single complaint. Sherlock resolved that sex really did put people in better moods, and made a mental note of that fact for when he next had to tell John he’d done something horrible with a rotting organ again. Sherlock, satisfied after finally getting first John and then lunch, sat slumped in his seat with his fingers laced over his stomach. He knew he didn’t eat as frequently as was encouraged, but he didn’t think he needed to. Even a sandwich was enough to fill him to the point of bloating.
“Don’t be stupid, he’s just excited,” John argued softly, stacking the menus that he’d forgotten to taken. “He said he had a girlfriend.”
He wasn’t sure how long they’d spent there just enjoying their own new worlds, but his stomach gave a loud rumble and the faun was up and scrambling back immediately, glaring at John’s abdomen.
Sherlock thought impatiently. John looked back at him, really looking quite nervous, but Sherlock gave him an encouraging nod and watched him walk a bit faster. His head went down and his hands shoved deep into his pockets and, just like that, he’d assumed his unassuming character for the evening.
Admittedly, John had assumed he didn’t actually live anywhere. The thought was heart-breaking and the main reason John had never questioned letting Fawnlock stay with him. The journey had been… Eye-opening.
“So… So I rub up,” Sherlock concluded. He wriggled around a bit more. “Bloody hell, John, my fingers don’t
John twitched minutely. “Like, like what, sorry? Say that again.”
John had been expecting much more than for him to sit up and pull the clothes off his upper half, but he hadn’t been disappointed. He’d seen Sherlock’s chest before, just a couple of times, but it had never looked so attractive before tonight. He put it down to the soft lighting; it made him look so much warmer. It gave his skin a real tone instead of that beautifully pale but hard shade of cream it held normally. John smiled when Sherlock bent down again, expecting the kisses to return – and, again, was surprised. An arm dipped beneath him and lifted his torso up while the other pulled his open shirt off, and, just like that, they were topless and kissing and things felt much more realistic.
John grinned and broke into a quiet fit of giggles, pulling Sherlock closer with the arm spread across his body. Soon enough, his ribs started aching, and they slowed to a gentle stop.
, she heard, almost audibly. As she’d said, John was smart. He could work it out for himself.
“Assassin,” came the reply, quick and easy as anything.
“Nice to me is nice enough,” he decided. At a loss as to what to say next, he turned to the only thing on his mind. “Were you see my chest? And it bruised?”
John chuckled warmly. “Yes, you didn’t. Sorry.”
clothes on, John, or only needing
, and Sherlock recognised it now for what it really was: a little urge deep in his chest and hot in his throat telling him to
John shook his head and whined gently, but Sherlock could feel his guard cracking. His eyes were open and they were beginning to shine.
"And got a black eye?"
“I do,” John said, dragging Sherlock from his distractions. He turned his head and pressed a gentle kiss to the side of Sherlock’s head. “And you’re sweet. A complete idiot, but sweet.”
Sherlock shook his head and wrapped his arms around John’s body, pulling him closer on the floor and hugging him. He didn’t say a word, not yet, just stayed curled around John, hugging his head to his chest.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, fixing them on the waiter that was now on his way over. “Shut up. People read mine.”
She seemed to be talking for ages, John thought, and he could hardly breathe. After a minute he closed his eyes and let Sherlock deal with it, because he was incredibly tired, and they wouldn’t give him any pain relief. Eventually, though, after what sounded like a long stream of questions, he got fed up and reached up to pull the oxygen mask from his face.
“John Watson,” the one Sherlock recognised as Lestrade said. “I’m Greg Lestrade, and this is Sally Donovan. We’re just here to talk to you a bit about what’s going to happen with you.” He glanced pointedly at Sherlock.
Sebastian stuck out his bottom lip in an exaggerated pout and rested his chin in his palm. “Aw. Little Johnny scared of dogs?”
shop.
It was a pencil sketch of a woman with a deer tail. She had dark patches around the eyes and little twig-like shapes sprouting from her curly hair. It was the only one of its kind amongst the animal-legged humans, but it was enough.
“See,
“Of course. Though, I should warn you, Mycroft may be relocating me to somewhere intensely posh like Charing Cross.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“No visitors, ma’am,” he repeated firmly, stepping in front of her. “He’s got someone in there already, and I’m under strict instructions.”
Sherlock nodded slowly. John’s tone was very matter-of-fact, but he seemed to be unaware of just how sad he looked. It caused that pained flutter in Sherlock’s chest to rise again, and he took a deep breath, put the photo in John’s pocket, and went to sit in his chair to await his tea. In reflection, he thought maybe he should have asked about the photo later.
John didn’t see his guest again for two days, but they weren’t two days spent doing nothing. Oh, no. He threw himself into sorting his life out, as if this had been just the wake-up call he needed. First he cleared his kitchen – and that in itself took a few hours – and then he tidied his living room. He could fool himself into thinking it was bigger when it was tidy. God, that creature probably had the whole forest as its back garden. What must he have thought of John’s pathetic excuse of a home?
It was with this thought that he found himself right back at his own door again. A quick check to his phone said he’d been walking for an hour. The rain had just begun to let up but by no means was it dry. He still couldn’t see more than ten feet away. Somehow, drenched to the bone and shivering like a child, he didn’t mind going back inside. He dug his key out and fought with the old lock for a few minutes.
His last thought before he drifted to sleep was that, by some miracle, this creature could be his kindling.
“That you need help.”
“Kiss me,” John said suddenly.
“The whole building?”
“The same.”
“What about the people?” John prompted, trying to turn to see Moran.
“It’s more the fact that an entire courtroom of people just fled so a stranger in a suit could come in and help me escape a murder charge,” John replied, eyes flitting over the suit again. He had to admit, it was a nice suit.
a bollocking would be a blessing right about now.”
“Then we’ll go slowly,” Sherlock reasoned, “but I still want this. Right now. Quite badly.”
Sherlock was elbowed a lot in the next few minutes. He tried to follow the table John was on and keep close, but there was a set of double doors that he was prevented from gaining access to. DI Lestrade was allowed in, as he was John’s acting legal guardian for the time being, but Sherlock had to wait in a small plastic chair with a second officer. They called his brother to come, instead.
“Go out with me,” he demanded, hands folded neatly in his lap.
The bell rang. He didn't see Sherlock for the rest of the day, and the next morning he was back in his own seat at the other end of his row. The crisps transformed into sandwiches, and he was okay for a few weeks.
John moved back slightly, resting back more firmly against Sherlock. He sniffed gently and opened his eyes, lifting his chin. The next reader stepped up and started a new poem about a soldier, but all Sherlock could think about was John. He was in two minds; every word the young girl said reminded him of John, and what John had done, but there John himself was, leaning against him, being company for him. They’d never been this close before. His heart fluttered slightly in his chest, and he beat down the entirely inappropriate urge he had to slide his hands around his friend’s waist and rest his cheek on his head. Apparently, friends didn’t do that.
"You should tell someone," Sherlock suggested again, just as he was about to fall asleep.
“I… I have an older sister, yes,” John nodded.
“I’m going to see Dad soon,” he said quietly, staring at the ceiling. He hoped neither of them would see that he already pretty much had. “If there’s anything important you want me to tell him, you should write it down.”
John’s arm started moving fast again as he pumped his cock with renewed fervour, finally racing towards the climax he’d been aching for. A few seconds later his muscles were pulling tight around Sherlock and he came with a long groan, spurting white ropes all up both his and Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock followed soon after, thrusting hard once, twice, three times into John before he stopped and went rigid with a deep moan. He thrust a few more times after that, each time a bit slower, before finally pulling out and collapsing on his front next to John.
Sherlock snorted. “You were already bisexual. I just eased you over your fear of experimentation.”
The novelty of living in the middle of nowhere in a beautifully quaint cottage had worn off pretty quickly, and as soon as he could be bothered to go into London he’d find himself somewhere else.
Sherlock shook his head. “You need it. You’ve only got one lung for the next week or two, it’s important to keep your oxygen levels up. You should know that,
“Sorry,” he said softly, kissing his shoulder. There was silence for a few seconds. “Condom,” he reminded him gently.
“You think everyone’s gay. I’ve learnt not to listen.”
Sherlock hadn’t thought it would ever be possible to make a mind stop. Certainly never
Not that it meant anything to John. So far, he couldn’t remember a single thing that had happened in the last twelve, maybe twenty-four hours. He remembered Harry bursting in on them, and something about beds. Mattresses, more like, though he wasn’t sure exactly why he remembered that, of all things. There was a thick fog clouding his head, too, as if his brain was a wind-up clock that was running out of ticks.
John hummed. “You won’t.”
The relief at feeling a pulse almost sent him back towards the floor, but he managed to keep his balance this time, instead pulling down his sleeve so he could see his watch and beginning to count. His heart rate was a bit slow, just as he’d expected. John decided he may as well go the whole hog and enjoy his chance to be an emergency doctor while he had it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Out of curiosity, then. In an ideal world, what would you do next?”
John wept in silence for a few more minutes. “I killed her.”
Sherlock looked up at John with the dirtiest scowl he’d ever seen.
July, 25.3°C outside. He’d been running an experiment about chickens and run out of eggs. He couldn’t remember what he’d been doing (the results must have been useless) but clearly he hadn’t been able to bring himself to delete this snippet of the day.
The deer seemed to wince – John assumed he’d just patted the back of his head.
“My mum.” John sniffed a few more times, soaked the tissue with his tears. “She hugs me. Hugged me. Sometimes hugs me still.”
But his mind certainly hadn’t stopped. If anything it had gone faster, and the thousands of buzzing thoughts had turned from their speedy circling into a wild tornado of noise and sensation. He knew he should have preferred the former, because that was much more ordered and easy to handle, and yet… And yet, he preferred the latter. He preferred the unpredictability of the latter, and the amount of John that was in it. He preferred that the ache in his chest was finally easing. He preferred that he was kissing John.
Remand… He was going to get sent to prison until his trial. Sent to prison. Until his trial. His trial, that could take anywhere up to a year to roll around. He couldn’t go to prison. Jesus. No. This wasn’t happening. He didn’t think he’d ever wanted his boring little cottage as much as he wanted it right then.
John’s heart sank. This had been a horrible idea. “Sorry,” he said automatically. “I’m gonna be a man, though. I’m gonna join the army for you.”
John sat back to stare. There he had it: faun.
Harry might have poked at the bruise of her brother’s obviously latent bisexuality if he hadn’t started actually explaining what had happened. “John,” she said softly – a rarity, for her. Soon enough, as her mind worked for the next few seconds, her face steeled. “Let me guess. He called you an idiot and a pansy and then proceeded to beat you into a more manly profession.”
He wriggled on the seat but stayed put, not willing to get himself in any more trouble. The door opened a few minutes later and another man came in, this one in a suit without a jacket, holding another folder with two pens in his breast pocket. He smiled at John, and John wasn’t sure how, but it became clear that this man wasn’t a police officer.
John sighed again. Was he that intimidating? This deer-man was at least a head taller than him, and it had sharp sticks growing out of his head. He had no doubt as to who would win in a fight. He sat down on the floor anyway. It didn’t lower its antlers with him – he took that as a victory.
“Alright, you can come down with us,” he said reluctantly, opening the door for Sherlock.
By the time he was done, there was no paint left on the rock. John frowned as he tossed the instruments into the water and ran to the bushes, searching the floor (once again, John avoided looking at his bum) to pick out some weedy little green-leafed plant. He selected a few white and a few purple flowers to adorn the bases of his antlers, poking them into his scraggly hair, and John found it fascinating to watch the concentration on his face as he wove the green plants together in what he could only assume was the definition of daisy chain.
I just do. No, I don't have any allergies. Why? JW
Come Monday morning, John had collected his confiscated brick phone from the shelf by the door and all of his homework was safely packed in his bag – including the two pieces he’d failed to give in the week before. He barely made it to school through the haze of starvation-induced exhaustion, but he plodded on one step at a time until he could sink into his chair at the back of Miss Hart’s classroom and put his face in his arms on the desk. He thanked every God he could think of that nobody sat next to him during these registration periods to chatter mindlessly at his tired brain. Sherlock Holmes was watching him from across the room, but he always did that. John ignored the way the pale eyes seemed to prick his skin and kept his head down. Mostly, John found him quite funny in the real, amusing sense, but when he stared, he
“Yes.”
John glanced around Sherlock’s room with a proud grin. Then he rubbed his hands together, shut the door behind him, and went to make himself a cheese sandwich.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, his common you’re-shockingly-stupid expression coming into place. “I thought it was friendship.”
“I think they’re very useful.”
,” he could imagine his dad saying. He could imagine the three deep creases in his pink forehead deepening, and he could see the thick knuckles on his dirty hands turn white. “
“How about any of the men in these pictures?”
“Do you remember waking up?”
John shook his head.
“For some people it’s just a mild pain or tightening in the chest,” John started, still watching Sherlock closely. “But it can also be severe pains, or a squeezing sensation, or immense pressure over your heart. That comes accompanied by the typical symptoms like shortness of breath, pains in the shoulder, back, stomach, jaw, arm, and nausea, or light-headedness. It’s just generally a whole load of unpleasant things all at once.”
“Yeah,” John said firmly. His nod was slow and uncertain, but his hand was sure in its movement to stroke Sherlock’s chest. “My best friend. You saved me.”
John didn’t hear him get a reply.
“Yep,” John grinned. “Which one would you like?”
“You finished school?”
“It’s okay,” he said, lips close to his ear. “You’re in hospital. Your dad got a bit too rough, but it’s all going to be sorted now, okay?”
“No, give it to me.”
“What, really? How?”
“Don’t be obnoxious, John,” Sherlock said quietly. “That’s my job.”
John nodded. He looked up at Sherlock, but he was staring back intently. No such promise came from his lips.
It was only a few minutes before an officer in a suit came in with what John assumed was a recording device. It was placed on the table between them. The man put down a thick file and then pressed a button on the thing, turning on a red light. Definitely a recorder.
He started gently probing over the man’s head for the wound, which proved much more difficult to find through the clumps of waves with frozen fingers. He was just about to give up when he felt something hard in the hair. His stomach dropped; his first thought was that this man had a piece of the branch lodged in his skull, keeping him awake but unable to move or speak, or something tragic like that that John would never be able to fix. Instead he cleared his mind and tried to pull it out.
kidnapping? Do you know there’s a kidnapping?” John’s eyes widened.
“Then what… Tell me. We don’t have much time.” Sebastian crossed his arms and stood up, staring down at John with an impatient frown on his face. In the light from the window, John noticed the scar running down his face as it shone white against his tanned cheeks. It struck him odd that he hadn’t noticed it before. Maybe he’d used makeup.
In reality, Sherlock wasn’t sure, but he had a bit of an idea. “They’ve sent her away. It’s gotten a bit late, so she’ll probably be back in the morning. Here, put this on, and get some rest. I’ll be here when you wake up.”
“Close your eyes,” John parroted, with the emphasis on all the wrong words. Sherlock could tell he was speaking just for the sake of speaking.
“You didn’t do anything for me,” John whimpered, and he rubbed his eye with his fist. He sighed. He really didn’t have the energy to go around in circles. “Look, I just… I have a question, then. If you’re helping me, if you want me to succeed. Why did you hurt me? What did I do, really?”
“Rain is the last thing we need.”
“He’s broken his wrist,” they explained at his question, “and received a nasty blow to the head. Considering what’s happened, we suspect some other parts may not be in perfect working order, either, so we’ve given him a painkiller to last the journey. They’ll probably top it up at the hospital before they treat him, too. He’ll be okay.”
“I’m his sister,” she snapped at him, snatching her arm from his hold with a sneer. “I’m Harry Watson, I’m his older sister. I need to see him.”
“I killed her,” John sobbed, and Sherlock shushed him quietly. “Years ago. Way back.”
The office didn’t seem too showy at first, especially not in comparison to its main feature downstairs. It was on the large side and had one wall made up of panels of tinted windows. There were a couple of bookshelves, a plain rug underneath a wall-mounted television, and a desk with no accommodation for visitors except the small sofa on the opposite side of the room. The basics such as the furnishings were all John could manage to register when he first came in, mainly due to the guest sat on said small sofa.
Sherlock smiled slightly. "My shoulder is fine, thank you."
“John,” Moran snapped, smacking his arm impatiently.
“I’m so sorry that happened to you,” he murmured, stroking John’s hair. “I’m so sorry that all of this has happened to you, and I wish I could try and help, but anything I do needs your full cooperation. You deny a single thing and they can’t do anything.”
Sherlock nodded and moved closer, taking John’s hand again. “I won’t say a word unless you want me to.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John looked down at his broken, beaten body. No, not like this, he wouldn’t. “I’ll start going to the gym,” he offered pathetically. “Or eating less?”
“Great,” Moran said softly. He stood up and unlocked the door, leaving it open as he stepped back to lean against his desk. Jim sat back with a little teasing smile on his face, and Sebastian cocked his head in the direction of the sofa. “He gets cranky without his afternoon bowl. I knew I should never have introduced him to it, but what can I say? I’m a fantastic friend. Now, piss off. You’ll know when I need you. Take some cash from the till to get you home, and it’ll be done by this evening.”
John paused, biting his lip and pretending to think about it. “Whichever you’d prefer.”
The door flew open, bouncing off the wall. “John!”
Sherlock hummed. “Well, they’re most definitely going to send a psychologist in and give you a psychological evaluation, and they’re going to want to make you eat something. After that… God knows. Maybe they’ll send you to be looked after by your sister.” He paused. “I have to go back to school tomorrow.”
“We can, if you want.” Sherlock frowned. He turned and went into the living room, picking John’s coffee up and giving it to him. “Is that what you want?”
John sighed. “What else do you think is going to happen?”
He nodded.
He wiped his cheeks. “I’m not,” he muttered simply, refusing to believe that he could possibly be doing something so horrible to someone who’d been so kind to him. “Told you, I’m okay. Nothing they can do for my lung, all I need to do is go easy for a few days. The bones are cast and wrapped. I’ve endured worse pains with no painkillers.” He patted his ever-sore shoulder. “I don’t need to be here.”
John shrugged his good shoulder. "And it hurts sometimes."
Just as that thought struck, there was a twitch to his left. His head turned so fast his neck clicked, and he bit back a grimace when he saw who was at the window.
“Harry,” John said firmly. He lifted his head and looked straight at her. “There’s nothing between us. He’s my friend. He’s helped me. I owe him my life about four times over.”
“Sherlock, I will help you,” Lestrade says, emphasizing every word.  “Just promise me you’ll stop.  And I will help you.”
Sherlock knows he needs to stop.  He hasn’t slept in days, his nose bleeds constantly, his heart is starting to beat erratically, and he can’t keep food down.  But the withdrawal scares him more than anything and he knows he can’t do it alone, now that Samantha’s left him.  But alone is all he has.  Alone is what he is.
,” John says.  He bucks harder through the tightening pain in his thighs.
Oh yes, this Sherlock Holmes will most definitely be an adventure that tops crippling depression and war torn memories.
R&R please -- the Universe will reward you with good karma and lots of presents at Christmas! XX K
Sherlock hears John banging around the kitchen, grunting his frustration and annoyance.  He hears John mutter, “All I want is some fucking milk, is that so much to ask?” before he leaves the flat for the surgery.  Sherlock chuckles softly and burrows back into his covers and pillows.
“I’m not stupid, I -- ”
Sherlock stands in front of the chair.  John’s snoring lightly because of the way his head is resting on the back of it.  He bends down and just stares at him.  He looks so peaceful and Sherlock wishes he could feel that sort of freedom.  And then, without thinking, Sherlock reaches out to touch John’s face.  Lightly, but not light enough that it startles him awake.  He wants to keep John like this forever.  He traces around the edges of John’s face, first around his forehead and jaw, and then around his eyes and mouth.  Sherlock does this for a few minutes, tracing back and forth, feeling the way John’s skin feels soft around his mouth but rough around his hairline and it’s then that Sherlock remembers that someone used to do this when he was little.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade whispers tenderly.
as she does it, feeling him burrow deeper into her.  He wraps a strong arm around her torso and pulls her back as he straightens himself, feeling her move slowly up and down on his cock because he doesn’t have the willpower yet to do it himself.
; what’s John talking about to the innkeeper about, what’s taking so long with his beer, why isn’t he out here, I want him to come out here.
A few years later at university, there’d been a girl called Samantha.  She didn’t have many friends either, but she was a genius at chemistry and Sherlock loved talking to her about all their different experiments.  One night in the lab, while they’d been working on a difficult project for their class, Samantha had kissed him and he kissed her back.  Sherlock remembers being nervous with Samantha too because he’d never been with a woman and was afraid he wouldn’t know how to please her.  But Samantha had been a willing teacher and Sherlock loved to learn new things.
She obliges with a devilish smile and continues her ministrations on Sherlock’s prick.  Sometimes she pushes it as far into her throat as it can go, sometimes she licks long laps up the shaft, sometimes she focuses on the head only like she’s trying to draw the come out of him the way you draw poison from a snakebite.  The whole time she cups Sherlock’s balls softly, working them in her palms until she eventually starts licking and sucking those too.
Sherlock remembers when
He screws his face up in anger.  Mycroft never could resist making a jab.  The ridiculous, awful, amazing events rush through his head before he puts the car in reverse.  All he wants is to get back to London.  He just wants to be home.
“It’s ok,” Lestrade reassures him.  “It’s gonna be ok.”
“I can’t sleep in that bed with you because…”  His voice breaks.  He hates himself for opening this door because he doesn’t think he can walk through it now.  He’s never felt more nervous and scared.  What if he says the wrong thing?  What he pushes John away?  What if he laughs at him?  What if he moves out?  What if he leaves him all alone again? Sherlock doesn’t know if he can do this without John, not anymore.  He doesn’t think he’d want to.
He just wants to give John what he needs.
“Yeah, I...I...get that now,” John says, realizing that with all the commotion of the first few days of their friendship they never really mentioned their ages, even in passing.
“What’s the matter, Mr Holmes?  That can’t have been that much of a fright…”
He hears an Irish voice croon in his ear
“Aren’t I though?”
“Yeah….”  John confirms slowly.  “How’d you know?”
Sherlock closes his eyes and imagines the straight lines of John’s hips, the feel of rough hairs against his legs, and not once does he feel embarrassed at the noises he’s making or when he starts chanting quietly
“Sherlock,” Molly coaxes.  “What’s happened?”
But he just can’t think straight, it’s all coming out in a jumble.
Sherlock also remembers Mycroft nearly disrobing him and trying to catch the sheet as quickly as he can because John is looking.  Then Sherlock has to weigh his options: does he want to embarrass Mycroft more or does he want John to see him naked less?
In Dartmoor, the air is too clean and there’s too much grass.  Trees replace the buildings and billboards and there are no taxis anywhere.  God, there’s not even a subway system.  Sherlock has to remind himself several times that this case with the charming, yet deranged young man and his gigantic hound is at least an eight and a half.  That, and he knows how to drive a car.  Though John’s constant complaining at how awful a driver Sherlock is is really starting to annoy him.
Today, John accidentally puts on too much aftershave and Sherlock can smell him before he’s even in the room.   Sherlock leers at him as he plops down in the armchair.  Almost like John knows what he’s thinking, he says, “Sorry, the aftershave spilled.”
“Sherlock, just calm down,” John snaps.  “You’re still wired from the moor, the drugs, Frankland…”
He and Mike sit awhile and awkwardly catch up, not for lack of trying on Mike’s part.  He’s always been affable and funny, and he was always good for a laugh when you were down.  But now, this time, Mike can’t seen to lift John’s spirits. Instead, John snaps at him when Mike just tries to break the tension.  He barely drinks the coffee Mike bought him and can’t quite seem to look him in the eyes half the time when they speak. He can hear Ella in the back of his head telling him not to push his old friend away while also hearing the voice of his depression saying he wouldn’t be able to stand telling another person his literal war stories or being reminded of his absent sister.
Sherlock’s lived with John long enough now to know when he is or isn’t having sex regularly.  When John is having sex regularly, he’s pleasant in the mornings.  He drinks his tea and reads the paper and doesn’t even grumble when Sherlock tells him he’s wasting his time and that there’s nothing interesting in there.  He also lets Sherlock talk at him incessantly in order to get his deductions right or his experiments working correctly.  He’ll even allow him to store small body parts in the fridge as long as they’re away from the food and properly contained.
John can’t think of a time when he’s seen Sherlock so vulnerable.
John remembers he had £4.97 in his pocket the day Sherlock died.
John sees a reminder notification.  He has an appointment with Ella in an hour.  He swipes the notification away, ignoring it.
Sherlock remembers one time he couldn’t help himself.  He walks into the kitchen to make himself some eggs for breakfast and sees John has fallen asleep in his chair in the living room.  Sherlock knows he slept terribly the night before.  He heard John start awake and then clamber downstairs to make himself a cup of chamomile tea hoping it would calm his nerves.  Obviously, it didn’t work as well as John would have liked.  Sherlock walks in front of him hoping the noise will wake John, but it doesn’t.  He knows John will be tense and sore all day from having slept like that and that it’s best to just wake him up now instead of letting him sit there any longer.
Lestrade tells Sherlock he doesn’t stay because he trusts him and that he knows Sherlock won’t break that trust.  It’s this that makes Sherlock stay off the drugs.  Lestrade is the first person to trust Sherlock implicitly, even after he knew what Sherlock got up to behind closed doors.  Secretly, Sherlock is thankful Lestrade stays with him, even if only for a little while.  He doesn’t want to break his promise.
This time, it’s Sherlock’s turn to nestle his head into the curve of John’s shoulder and neck.  He nuzzles the spot just under John’s ear and places a firm kiss there, eliciting a long sigh from John.
making tea?!”
About two months after he starts at Bart’s, a doe-eyed girl begins work as a new medical examiner.  She’s tiny and shy and sometimes can’t seem to find the courage to hold people’s eye contact.  He soon finds out her name is Molly Hooper and is completely surprised to learn that she’s two years older than him.  He really shouldn’t be though.
But Sherlock doesn’t do cocaine anymore.  He remembers he made a promise to Lestrade, of all people.
Sentiment?
And John does as he’s told again, not missing a beat as he sticks in his ring finger, finding Sherlock’s prostate and making him buck his hips up involuntarily.
Talking to Moriarty, Sherlock tries to pretend to seem uncaring and cavalier, like he can’t be bothered with Moriarty’s threats, or to even be pointing a gun at him.  He remembers Moriarty telling him he’d burn his heart out and retorting that he, in fact, did not have one.
“Come on, Sherlock.  Into the sitting room, I’ll pour you a drink.”
John breathes evenly though.  He’s still calm.  Still clinical.  Still detached.  Still blank, but somehow serious.  And Sherlock just continues staring.
“Now.”  He breathes out.
John walks out and says, “Evening.”  The look on Sherlock’s face instantly shatters his heart.  But he is a soldier and he needs to carry on.
He slows down his pace until he finally stops, still inside her, his head resting against her back, lost in the moment that for one second, he had what he wanted and what he needed at the same time.  And he catches himself from blurting out “I love you too” because right at that moment, Irene begins to laugh and it’s not John’s voice he hears anymore.  Suddenly, it’s her tiny frame in his arms, her sweet, musky scent filling his nose, her voice drowning his thoughts.
John lets Sherlock calm down a little bit and flashes him an apologetic look.  Sherlock looks especially perturbed and John can’t figure out why.
In the middle of an experiment on variants of dirt.
He chuckles and says to himself, “When am I gonna learn?”  John makes room for a matching carton from Tesco and smiles, lopsided and bright.
John does as he’s told while also opening the jacket to silently tell Sherlock that no, he is not Moriarty and no, he would never betray him.  Suddenly, the confusion and hurt on Sherlock’s face is replaced with panic and anger, and John knows they can get through this because they’re both back on the same side again.
Sherlock notices something strange happening in his thoughts, that though he physically wants sex with Irene, he wants the emotional intimacy he would also get with John.  The constant struggle of his mind and his heart.  He was sure, up until when he met John, that he hadn’t actually had a heart.  But now, this ache in the pit of his stomach creeping up into his chest.  What is it?  Longing?  Desperation?
“Yes,” Irene says in John’s voice and she grabs Sherlock’s hand to rest on her breast, and he keeps it there because it’s John bringing Sherlock’s hand to his nipple.  And so he squeezes it and runs it between his fingers just to hear John cry out “yes, more, harder, Sherlock.”  And so he obliges.  And he starts to pound harder into Irene and moans louder and doesn’t give a fuck that at this point he’s yelling John’s name.  Because Irene is responding in kind and shouting her own ecstasies and Sherlock can feel her walls start to tremble.  And he keeps pretending it’s John’s body under him, keeps crying out John’s name, keeps seeing and hearing John where Irene should be.
“Tell me I’m beautiful,” he orders.
“You’re thinking about….” she trails off, kissing the curvature of his jawline and cheekbones.  He closes his eyes again and tries to imagine John’s lips.  John placing well meaning kisses on his face, the heat of John’s body against his chest, the weight of John’s bones resting in his lap.
But John was John.  He was the same man Sherlock had grown to trust and admire and need.
“Mark Breckenridge, aged 37, recently married, worked in aviation from the faint smell of jet fuel.  Had an affinity for Nepal, 3 jewelry items and his shirt are all made from fabric found there, that and he’s also got a 5 ruppe note and a bus ticket from Kathmandu dated 4 years ago in his wallet.”
. Just one author doing what's in her historian nature and citing her sources. ; ]
“What?”
Still no answer.
“More romantic,” he says, tapping the edge of the table and winking at John.  Neither John nor Sherlock correct him.  Sherlock looks up at John just as he slurps a string of pasta into his mouth, and John can’t stop laughing.
“I could do with a drink,” John says, cringing at Sherlock who doesn’t wait for John’s answer about finishing his dinner.  Sherlock is picking from both their plates now and John supposes he shouldn’t be bothered since they’re not exactly paying for anything tonight.
“Could have fooled me,” Sherlock cuts him off.  Anything to provoke Lestrade into leaving this alone.  But Lestrade knows now, knows that the way to get through to him isn’t by screaming at him.
“I still eat like I’m a soldier,” John tells him one evening when Sherlock eyes him.
Thank you so much for reading!  I'm going on holiday this weekend, but I'll try to post chapter three very soon!  XX K
it’s been too long since someone’s done this to him.  Irene keeps working up and down and Sherlock vaguely feels her grab his hand and put it on the back of her head.  But he takes it off almost instantly.  In the back of his mind, he knows what he needs out of this and feeling long, smooth curls reminds him that he’s not getting what he
“Faster, Sherlock, I haven’t got all day!”
“Sherlock, come on, you need to sleep.”
“It used to hurt knowing that my sister loved alcohol more than she loved me.”  He says it with ease, dropping back into that same clinical tone from before.  But any other person, any emotionally mature, kind, sensitive person would have picked up on the latent twinge of regret and grief in John’s voice.  But Sherlock is none of those things, is he?
Finally, Sherlock speaks up.  “Does it hurt?”
“Well?”  John persists.
John strands defiantly in the shadows, unwilling or perhaps even unable to enact this charade in front of Sherlock.  Because he’s had more than ample time to mill over this script he’s been given and he wants nothing to do with it. It’s cruel and abusive and he wants no part in potentially breaking Sherlock’s heart.  But then he jumps when this voice screams
“Sherlock, you in?”  John calls out as he enters the flat with the shopping. “I’ve got th—,” John trails off as he opens the fridge.
“Only if you change your shirt, that aftershave is awful.”
Still silent, Sherlock tries to shake Irene off him, but she’s nothing if not persistent.
“No,” Sherlock says again.  John huffs this time.
“Don’t look at me like that.”
John stares, then he nods.
“What?”  He says dumbly.
“I don’t know, to have fun with and tell stories to.  Everyone has friends, right?”
“Mmh, two scotches,” Sherlock adds, wiping his mouth with his hand.   John gives him a chiding look as he throws a serviette at him.  Sherlock looks at him apologetically and wipes his mouth with the cloth.
“No.”  He draws out the tiny word as if it were the longest in the world.  John smiles that smile he smiles when he’s sick of Sherlock’s shit and enumerating in his head all the reasons why he shouldn’t punch him in the face.
"Oh, right," John remarks and continues to rub a particularly sore knot out of his shoulder.
Sherlock grunts his reply and John rolls his eyes playfully.
“It’s ok, Sherlock.  You don’t have to say anything,” Samantha reassured him.
“No,” John says, advancing on Sherlock and forcibly whirling him back to face him.  “You tell me what’s going on.  Right.  Now.”
Almost like Lestrade can see inside his mind, he says, “You’re not alone.  Just promise me.  Please.”
John nods.
Sherlock stops but doesn’t turn around.
!?  You’re a fucking moron!  Your whole team is!  You’d be nowhere without me!”
“I know,” Sherlock says evenly, turning back to his food.  John sits quietly for a moment.  Sherlock seems to preternaturally know everything about him; it should stop surprising him to hear it said out loud.
was obvious,” finishes in a small voice better suited for a little boy than a fully grown man.
“Yes, it did.  She’d always tell me,
But it doesn’t really work.  They lay there next to each other in an anxiety ridden silence for what seems like ages.
“I’m surprised you didn’t deduce my bloody birthday by the kind of socks I wear or the sound of my alarm clock!”  John exclaims.
into the earpiece and John finally resigns himself to playing this game.
Here are a couple playlists I made because I make playlists, that's just what I do.
Years later, after Sherlock has lived through actual torture, he’ll still consider this the most painful moment of his entire life.
John remembers clapping eyes on Sherlock Holmes for the first time.  He appears as a contradiction with his unkempt, boyish curls paired with his tailored suit.  He’s aloof, completely uninterested in his surroundings, but he’s able to infer complex and hidden details with a single glance.  He remembers the very first thing Sherlock ever said to him was “Afghanistan or Iraq” and not understanding what was going on at all.  He glances over to Mike quizzically as Mike assures him he didn’t mention one word of this impromptu meeting with Sherlock.  There’s just no way that man who, up until this very moment in time, didn’t know John even existed could possibly know he’d been a soldier in the Middle East.  There’s just no way.
of the cocaine, not in spite of it.
“Sherlock,” he hesitates.  Lestrade doesn’t know how to begin, so he just blurts out his question.  “How long have you been doing it?”
They stare at each other harshly for several long moments, Sherlock defiant to keep his mouth shut from here on out, John determined to, for once in their lives, keep Sherlock talking.
Sherlock hears Irene come a second time, this time crying out almost painfully from the over-stimulation, but she keeps riding him and he keeps bucking into her.
It only made him want the cocaine more.
Sherlock nods at Irene and turns his head and sees it’s John’s hand on him.  He closes his eyes and imagines John kissing him softly.  Then Irene yanks his head away from him and roughly devours Sherlock’s lips.  She’s kissing him harshly and it’s all teeth and tongues and lips.  He can barely breathe and she’s in total control and Sherlock can’t quite decide what’s making him more excited: John’s hand or Irene’s mouth.
“Sorry, John,” Sherlock yells back, smiling.  “Not my fault you didn’t have the good sense to be born with longer legs!”
“I’m still 29,” he states simply.  It’s that same tone of voice he takes with Anderson when he’s, well, talking.
Secretly, John’s scar is one of the things Sherlock likes most about him.  It’s one of the things that makes John unboring.  He’s so quiet and agreeable on the outside, but on the inside, John is a soldier.  Literally, a soldier.  Sherlock finds this juxtaposition fascinating and it’s what makes him want to know the inner workings of John’s mind.
John remembers the joke he said to Sherlock that was only half a joke but didn’t realise at the time.  He wants to break the tension, disperse the negative ions in the air that Moriarty and his snipers created by simply existing.  He wants to run out of that pool as fast as he can, get as far away from this Moriarty as possible. But his legs give out and he can’t find the wherewithal to even try to stand up.  Sherlock sputters out a thank you for what John tried to do, tried to sacrifice himself so that Sherlock could run and get away because that’s what you do when you love someone.
John kicks himself awake and vaguely in the background hears Sherlock offering soothing words directly behind him, his warmth adding to his already intolerably hot body.  He’s sweating and can’t get his breathing under control and shaking way too hard.
Lestrade forcibly turns Sherlock so that he’s facing him and Sherlock doesn’t fight it.  He places both hands on his shoulders and let’s Sherlock cry into his hands.
He wants this to be John.  This needs to be John.  Why can’t this be John?
Sherlock hates the country, he always has.  He’s always loved the bustle of the city, the smell of it, the way the air feels.  He likes having lots of people to deduce and figure out.  What Sherlock doesn’t like are animals.  Pigs and cows walking around, loose amongst the people.  It’s disgusting.  And horses, horses are the worst of all.  Sherlock’s done his best to keep it secret the reason why he hates horses.  Only a few people know the reason why, Mycroft being one of them.
“Can I sleep here tonight?”
Without a word, Sherlock scoops her up into the nearby truck when everyone was either dead or unconscious.  They speed away and Irene chatters excitedly while Sherlock stays stoically silent.  Irene notices Sherlock’s deliberate silence and slinks an arm around his neck and breathes into his ear.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and fully gives in.
“And then the pool?”
He continues to work Sherlock’s cock with his hand, adding the twist at the end he’s come to realise Sherlock loves.  He can feel the slick of pre-come on his hand now, so he stops, earning a childish huff at the cessation.
The scar itself is tiny but it’s such a huge part of who John is now.  Sherlock stares at it and wonders what it was like, wonders what it sounded like and smelled like.  John’s skin is warped around the hole.  The scar tissue is rough and raised and Sherlock desperately wants to touch it to see what it feels like.  Will it feel hollow?  Will it hurt him?  How smooth is it?
It has to be something personal that Sherlock isn’t telling him.  He’ll tell him when he feels like telling him.  He’ll tell him….
“Please?”  He never pleads.
“Sociopaths,” Mycroft says offhandedly.  “Now get out of my room!” He roars.  Sherlock finally complies.
“No, I love your violin,” John states.  “It’d just be nice is all,” he finishes, shrugging his shoulders.
“Fine.  One last one.”  Mycroft straightens himself and looks out the window of the sitting room.  “Mrs Spencer, across the way,” he points lazily.
John sighs before saying, “You haven’t slept once while we’ve been here, I can see you’re exhausted.  It’s not good for you, you need to sleep.”
As they got older, Sherlock started to hear the whispers around campus.
“You mean, you were barely 29 when we first met?”  He exclaims one night over a Thai takeaway.  Sherlock sighs heavily, not wanting to have the discussion about how the year he was born has
“Nine Inch Nails.”
Sherlock remembers reading that there are 9 million people in London, so there has to be some children there who are like him.  He could make friends with boys and girls who are as smart and observant as he is.  He remembers Mummy promising him he’d make friends when he started at Dragon School.  But Mummy was wrong.  At Dragon is where the teasing really started, where Sherlock realized that having
It was late at night and the two just got home after solving a case, while Rosie was being babysat Mrs. Hudson (now also known as "Grammy") when Sherlock said it. They were just outside the door of their flat.
He leaned down a whispered, "You did it."
"It's almost time for you to go to Daddy," she said with a giggle before skipping down the aisle scattering rose petals (her request "See
"Let's go," said Rosie.
He had just began to speak a week ago, his first words were in sentences, spoken perfectly. Everyone already knew Hamish was amazing though. At 3 he had already been waking down stairs normally for a while, could play violin quite well, and could do multiplication and division; but he never spoke. When someone would point this out Sherlock would say, "He's doesn't like to. He prefers to listen." And because of that John never questioned it either. But about a week ago he came quietly down the stairs to the flat where Rosie had been tidying up while Sherlock made tea and John prepared biscuits. Hamish padded around the flat looking for something, then began frantically searching.
Dad had told them the story of the bother and sister taken from the boarding school, and how the brother used linseed oil to write a message on the walls. The oil had also gotten on the floor and showed the kidnappers' shoe sizes, gaits, and paces; as well as debris from their shoes that led Sherlock to the cite where the children had been taken. This was Hamish's favorite case.  The cool thing about linseed oil was that it was clear, but it could be seen under a black light. Rosie ran to the closet and found the spare black light she kept and shown in on the floor and wall. On the floor there wee three pairs of foot prints- none of which were Hamish's, so he must have been carried. But more of a mystery, on the wall written quickly and slightly smeared read, "Wil"
"I said, WHO'S THERE?" With her hand hands on her rifle, the guard approached the corner where Rosie stood. Just before she turned, Rosie jumped out and jabbed her in the throat with her pointer and middle finger. The guard fell the her knees, winded and unable to speak. She dropped her gun and clutched her throat. Rosie smashed her on the head with her gun and she fell unconsciousness.
So I finally decided to try to get over the writing block that's been eating at me for months now so I revisited this work and *cringe*. I;m going to rewrite this and continue the storyline. I'll keep the original chapters up for now but may end up deleting them after they are rewritten. Minor details of the plot will be changed to make more sense. I plan on posting every Friday after tomorrow.
^*^*^*^*^
"I'm so sorry Papa."
"We'll need several cops to make the arrests and probably at least one ambulance to make sure Hamish is okay and to tend to the goons. I don't think any of us plan on being gentle with those bastards."
The flat was a mess. Papa and Dad were just on a case and they had let the kids help on this one. Three murders, each with identical stab wounds to the others . Hamish had got to see some of the evidence; although nothing gruesome, it made him feel sick. But things like this didn't scare Rosie, never did, which was why she was allowed to go to the crime scene with her parents. Although, considering where she came from this didn't really surprise her: ex- assassin mom, war vet papa, high- functioning sociopath dad. And she was just as much of a danger junkie as her papa, if not more. Last year her parents took her to a shooting range and the fist three pops from the pistol were almost perfect head shots. This left Papa's mouth hanging wide open and Dad smirking. That's when they started to let her be part of some of the minor things and stopped trying to hide them from her, she wasn't like normal kids at all.
She was in front of him before she knows her legs were moving. Rosie kneeled down in from of the little boy and cupped his little face in her shaking hands. Tears were running down both of their faces. She saw the bruising and swelling of his cheek and eye and felt the anger swelling in her throat. She felt her heart break and a part of her die at the udder cruelty her brother had been subjected to.  She planted a kiss on his forehead before reaching down to the knife in her pocket and cutting the bonds. The gag came off first.
Now holding him again 7 years later and there were tears running from both their eyes now. Rosie pulled away from Hamish to tuck the knife back in her pocket and retrieve his glasses. When he put them on his face, she thought he began to look like his self again, and he began to feel like himself. With his sight, Hamish was able to make deductions.
It's been a while since my last installation. Apologies. I also thought this was going to be the last chapter or second to last chapter but I got more ideas so, this will be going on for a bit longer. Maybe even a series but I'm not going to get ahead of myself. I used to try to post daily but I think I should give myself more time to properly edit. I never thought I would ever publish, so it should be a little more professional. I hope you enjoy. Constructive criticism appreciated. Thank all of you for your time.
John growls and mutters various curses under his breath and storms out of the house because, as usual, he’s running late to work.  No thanks to Sherlock, who immediately goes back to brooding.
John stands stock still in the middle of the room.  Because that’s what you do when you love someone.
“Well go on then,” John goads.  “Was it punk music?  A little Sex Pistols and Clash, eh?  Or maybe it was The Beatles during their psychedelic years?  Or gangsta rap!  Some NWA or Snoop?  I quite like Snoop,” he adds, digging back into his noodles for one more bite.
“I was calculating the degree at which your neck was resting and trying to determine the severity of your discomfort level today,” he lies quickly.
“Dad chimes in finally and tells her to shut her mouth.  She snapped her head over at him.  I’ll never forget it.  She yelled, ‘Why, Dad? Cos you don’t want Mum to find out I’m a lesbian?’”  John concludes act one in his high pitch, affected voice he always uses for Harry when he’s making fun of her or generally annoyed at anything she’s done.
Sherlock pretends to watch telly for a little while longer as the pressure in his trousers gets heavier.  But then he hears John moan and he can’t take it anymore.  He goes to his room and doesn’t even try to push John out of his mind palace.  He imagines its John’s hand on him, warm and strong, pumping up and down.  John’s lips kissing him, slow and gentle at first and then rough and passionate, a gnashing of teeth and tongues.  He hears John moaning and Sherlock imagines pinning John to the bed and making him moan into his mouth.  He imagines trailing wet kisses down John’s body and continues to stroke himself, now with more vigor and urgency.
Did that make sense? Sherlock was sure it didn’t. Still, he smiled and moved closer. “That’s okay. You’re sure you’re alright?”
"When you goin' home?" he slurred, closing his eyes.
“Oh.” Sebastian stepped up and reached down past John to unlock the door. “I see. No, it’s a private one. My,” he paused, trying to think of the word. “My friend. He likes bowling, that’s why I chose this place.”
in the car, yeah, that. And I… I wanted on a CD but I couldn’t find it. And we were stopped in traffic and she leaned over to find it for me in the… ‘partment… the, um…”
Sebastian offered nothing more than a grunt in reply.
Sherlock’s mouth opened and closed like that of a brainless fish as he tried to explain his thought process. “Chickens,” he came up with instead, floundering.
“God,” John breathed as he came back down. He’d changed his jumper for a cardigan that would better fit under his coat. “Nothing with you can ever be normal, can it? We can’t just go out for dinner.”
John lowered his chin as he took a deep breath. This was the home stretch, he thought, holding tightly onto Sherlock’s hand. It was almost over. There were wreaths to lay, prayers to be said, a grateful farewell speech to hear, and then John could go home and go to bed for a while. That was all he wanted to do.
He was tired of having routines. He’d never been a man for routines, even if the army had forced him to deal with them for his training. Once he’d been put in the field he lost all patience for them because he genuinely had never had one. He’d worked in tents, abandoned warehouses, on helicopters, in the firing line; those were the days. Those days where every day was something new.
it’s a
“Sorry,” he breathed, rubbing the cold sweat from his forehead with a shaking hand and sitting up. He couldn’t remember what he’d dreamt. He always remembered. That damn constable had shaken it out of him, probably. “S-sorry. Prone to nightmares.”
“I told you they were beautiful,” Sherlock murmured, and John had to wonder when he’d managed to sit next to him without him noticing the dip in the bed. He, instead of following John’s line of sight to the moths, was gazing at John. “You told me it was odd.”
“Because he’s my dad, and I love him.” John snuck a hand up Sherlock’s chest and wiped his eyes. “And I have a sister.”
Sherlock didn’t need telling twice. He pulled out slightly and then thrust back in harder, forcing as kindly as he could the next few inches of his cock deep inside John with a deep groan. “Oh, John,” he whined. He couldn’t quite stop himself from rocking again, feeling the tight heat squeeze his cock in all the right places, and eventually John stopped grunting out of discomfort and started grunting out of pleasure. Sherlock recognised that it was around the time he dipped his groin down a bit, angled his cock up towards the place he’d found John’s prostate.
“Mm, you might get sore before I finish,” Sherlock muttered shamelessly.
“I’m sorry?” he muttered, his voice breaking from pure surprise.
“John?” he asked, pushing himself onto hands and knees and glancing back down to his crotch. “Did you… You know. Did you?”
John froze. “Then keep that one.”
Sherlock bristled. “Keep those,” he said pointing fiercely at John’s bedside. “I’ll see you tomorrow, if you’re feeling better.”
They were climbing over thick shrubbery, and John didn’t want to think about what would have happened if he fell, so he focused on where Fawnlock seemed to stop just halfway up the tree. When John looked up again, Fawnlock was climbing down the other side. John frowned and climbed faster to catch up with him.
Sherlock had been hoping to find a cab, but unfortunately they were both without opportunity and a destination for the moment. He began to lead John to the station, and by the time they were going down to the right platform for Central London John had gotten off the phone.
Sherlock looked at him. “It’s a dogging society. Didn’t you hear me?”
“What do you want to stop next?” he asked, almost bouncing on the spot.
"Scuffle with my sister," John said, grinning sheepishly.
Think for yourself, you’re more than capable!”
“Get out before they don’t let you come back,” he said instead, shooting her a fierce scowl. “I’ll call you.”
John’s argument was immediate, though his exhausted eyes remained closed. “‘m not a doctor, I don’t have to know anything. Soldiers are supposed to be dumb.”
I don't think there are words to describe my feelings about how late this chapter is. Let's not speak of it. Merry Christmas to all!
“Where’s my sister?” was his first question.
Watson.”
He didn’t know where or when the teacher had gone. They said they’d tried to call his dad and he hadn’t answered – he wasn’t surprised, if they’d left a message. John told them he was probably busy at work.
Sebastian sighed and his chin dropped to his chest. Now he looked bloody
“No,” John replied. He took a single sip of his coffee and put it on the side, not wanting the distraction. “It’s fine, Sherlock, it sounds fun. I’m just saying this isn’t what normal people do.”
Get it down there he did, but he started very generously. At first it was just a slow rub against his hole, easing the tension and reminding him of what it felt like. All the while he kissed him in the hopes that the familiarity of his mouth would sooth the discomfort he was feeling. Because he
“Hello,” he mumbled to himself, knowing it couldn’t understand. “It’s okay. I won’t… I’m not going to do anything.”
“Hi, Harry, it’s John. Um… Okay. Something bad has happened. No danger, don’t worry, just bad. I don’t know how. I don’t know what’s happening, but… I think they’re going to—well. I just wanted to let you know that if you don’t hear from me for a while, don’t worry, alright? I guess I’ll call you when I can. Okay. Bye.”
“Oh. Yep, great plan. That shouldn’t take too long.” John turned on the stairs and threw a frown over his shoulder at Sherlock.
He tried not to be too disappointed that he hadn’t seen it – after all, if it wasn’t even in any of the nature books he’d been so keen on when he was younger, how rare must it have been? He highly doubted it had been discovered while he’d been away.
With John it had been different. There’d been an instant connection there, he’d felt it. John was funny. He was brave. He cared about him. That was friendship too, right? But, of course, he lived with John, and he worked with John. They were best friends. He’d reasoned that friendship felt different depending on what type of friendship it was. He and Lestrade were friends (sort of) so that was a strong feeling right in his stomach. Something trustworthy and even, if he concentrated, pleasant. He and John were best friends, so that was an ache in his chest. It was uncomfortable a lot of the time but that meant he knew they were close. He could live with it.
“Okay.” John sat up and pecked Sherlock’s lips again, not quite able to get over the fact that he was maybe on his way to being able to do that whenever he wanted. “When?”
Sherlock groaned and couldn’t help but go a bit faster.
Come Tuesday lunchtime, he still hadn’t consumed more than liquids. He’d had a constant headache for the last day and he could hardly move without getting light-headed, so he’d blown his friends off and headed to the library – and then woken up in the back of an ambulance.
Well, that had all been wrong. He’d had a crush. Sherlock Holmes, a bloody crush.
No, the very first had come a few months ago, and Sherlock hadn’t been sure that it had even been a
John nodded again, his eyes filling once more. He bit his lip. “Always,” he squeaked. His wet eyes were glued to their joined hands. “I promise always. As long as you want. Always.”
John had found the whole ordeal fascinating. He could only assume Fawnlock was something important, judging from the show that had been put on for him. He watched the markings that were drawn on so meticulously and automatically, like he’d done it so many times before. John wondered how many years Fawnlock had been doing them for, and how long it had been since he’d last painted them. John got the feeling they were for company only.
“She’s a legal adult,” was the reluctant response. Lestrade glanced over to Donovan, but she looked away. He took a breath. “She wasn’t anywhere near the scene last night, John. We haven’t heard from her. If we had, we’d be letting both of you stay at home, but she’s not here to be your guardian so there’s nothing we can do but try and find a host family for you.”
To bloody Mr Hart, for letting his dad hear the rustle of the biscuits he’d snuck up to his room on Saturday afternoon because he hadn’t eaten since Friday morning – and Mr Hart, who’d been sitting at home with Miss Hart while John had to throw up every last sopping crumb.
“Here,” he put the bag on the floor, jumper still inside, and pushed it over. Its eyes followed the bag, and John was glad to be relieved of the icy grey stare.
“A few minutes,” Lestrade assured them. He stood up and went to stand at the door.
“Together,” John whined, eyes closed now as Sherlock nipped at his neck.
out of line at
“You have to,” he said. “You have to.”
John thought as his heart skipped a worrying amount of beats.
“‘m I going to sleep?”
It took him half an hour to address the injury, mainly because he kept getting caught up with trying to untangle the beast that was this creature’s hair as he tried to reach the bloody patch. He had managed to find it in the end, and he was glad he had, because that gash needed a good cleaning up and some stitches. John suspected he’d hit a rock, and was incredibly glad that he’d managed to find him. It would probably have infected in a matter of hours.
“I meant my pants,” he said, opening his top drawer and fishing out a black pair of boxer briefs. John was careful not to look. “What you’re wearing will be fine. We’re not going yet, anyway.”
“Alright, Mr. Digestion-Slows-Me-Down.”
“Always,” John confirmed. “I think you’re fantastic.”
“That’s a fact.”
It started slowly, like it usually did. Sherlock got more excitable, more keen, and they did speed up a bit. It never got too fast, though, never frantic or hurried. Always just like two people enjoying the other’s company, even when Sherlock’s hand slid up John’s arm and held the back of his head, and when John’s hand rested on his thigh, stroking it slow, tiny circles.
“Yeah,” John breathed – or, rather, rasped. He gave up and covered his mouth with the oxygen mask for a minute, closing his eyes. “Mm, remember a bit of it.”
In a split second, Sherlock came closer still and kissed him. It was a simple, gentle press of lips, but it was warm and comforting, and everything John needed. It took him a second to remember how to kiss back. Strange, really, he supposed. He’d never kissed a boy before, but, as far as memory served, it felt almost identical to kissing a girl. Or maybe that was just Sherlock. The longer it went on, the more he had to remind himself that, actually, this wasn’t their first kiss. They’d done this before, Sherlock had said, but it definitely didn’t feel like it.
“I tried to catch it on TV while I was deployed, but the signal was crap and as soon as they’d sorted the wiring out I got called to the hospital.” John shrugged. “Everyone had a poppy on them somewhere, though. Everyone.”
“I’m upside down, I don’t bloody know! Usually I have men the other way when I do that sort of thing.” John blushed the most Sherlock had ever seen him blush, and he couldn’t help but laugh.
“Yes, but I don’t know where it is.” Sherlock checked the time: just past nine o’clock. It was no wonder John’s stomach had been rumbling. “You didn’t tell me you were hungry.”
“It, John. This.”
John held the bag upside down to show it. He wasn’t sure why he was talking. Clearly it had no idea what he was saying.
“You hadn’t eaten.”
It had been a long time since his last one, but he wasn’t stupid enough to assume that they’d just gone away. He started awake with a gasp so fast and desperate that he felt his throat burning – or perhaps he’d been screaming? In any case, there seemed to be an officer smashing his baton between the bars of the cell and barking out his surname.
John curled up against the wall, resting his head on his frankly
The program ended and a rerun of an old sitcom came on instead. John decided he could stand it with Fawnlock still at his ministrations.
Sherlock stepped a tad closer, and John shuffled further into him. They were close, really close. He couldn’t help but note that if he puckered his lips and tipped his head a bit, he’d be brushing his lips against John’s forehead. He swallowed down the squeak that threatened to beat its way up out of his throat and tilted his head down, closed his eyes.
When he checked the clock on his way to an interview room, he’d only been in there for half an hour. He tried to rub the feeling back into his hands as his handcuffs were taken off, settling himself as comfortably as he could into the plastic chair provided. It was a small room, with one chair on each side of the wooden table, but it had windows. John suspected that if it had been light, it’d have made for quite a bright and refreshing little room.
“Whoops. Sorry. I meant wolves.” He sighed and leant back in his chair again. He was obviously waiting for something, but John couldn’t for the life of him think of what he could be expecting.
And then, every night, as he gave up praying for help and collapsed into bed, to his mother.
He sighed. “John…”
Then again, it hadn’t exactly been on his to-do list to be arrested for murder and walk away with what was likely an armed and delusional criminal.
“Not all night,” he replied, dropping the magazines on his bed. “Just for the rest of the afternoon. This bit’s my date.”
“No, John, no,” Sherlock said quickly. He tried to hold him at the wrists, but the boy was wriggling like mad. “You need to stay here. You’re not helping yourself by acting like a wild animal. First of all, you can’t go home, you’d have to go to my home. Second, you can’t just walk out of here, anyway. Third, you’re upsetting me.”
He tried his best to ask at least what was going on. Only the first syllable made it out coherently, and he was subsequently steered and planted onto the sofa next to the thing. He swallowed.
Sherlock looked a lot like he’d been born with a silver spoon in his mouth
John couldn’t help but feel that there was probably some sort of right he had to get checked out by another doctor again just in case. He wasn’t certain enough to take anyone up on it. Besides, all it would do was buy him time to stew in his own doomed juices. He didn’t much fancy that.
a waste of my time, and I’m
Sherlock looked up at him, something flashing in his eyes. “I have. Both sides. But it was a long time ago.”
All Sherlock could think to do was wrap his arms around John and hug him close. He even thought as far as cupping his head to his shoulder so he had a place to hide his face while he cried.
He slid his hand up to the curls on his head. The faun had no objections this time. His eyes had closed and he was slowly working his way to flopping over John’s legs, he was so relaxed. John grinned and sank his hand into the thick hair, trying to work out all the knots he’d fixed a few days ago.
The faun shook his head and plastered on a little smile, turning back to watch the TV again. John didn’t believe nothing was wrong for an instant, but he’d already experienced how stubborn his new housemate could be. He exhaled noisily and stood up.
helping, and it’s not as fucking simple as that, alright?” John sat up suddenly with the intention of looking her right in the eye. “I think you’re forgetting that he’s
Another word for the service that would have described it rather well would have been ‘excruciating’. It was agony having to watch every flicker of pain across John’s face at each word he could relate to and not be able to do anything about it. He was glad to have the programme right then. After this final paragraph would come the silence, and they could all retreat and cool off.
“They need you awake so they know it’s worked, John. It’ll be okay.” Sherlock gave him a tight smile and patted his hand. “It’ll be over before you know it.”
“Look. You open it like this,” he hooked two fingers in the drawn hole at the top and pulled it open. “And then your things go inside. See, my jumper, inside. And you close it by pulling these, like this… And you can carry it around. It doesn’t come out.”
“Right, okay. I get it now.” John squeezed his hand. Sherlock shivered and squeezed back again.
Its icy blue-grey eyes roamed John’s figure and it snorted defensively, lowering its head so the antlers were pointed more and more towards John. As it rocked on the spot John could just tell it was replacing its feet in a fight stance.
“If you’ll just get up here for me, and lie down,” he instructed, gesturing towards the bed. John followed. “It’s probably not necessary but these seats are for me and your policeman. Are you still experiencing any loss of breath, nausea, or dizziness?”
Harry nodded. “I’ll do it later. What about you, though. You won’t be here much longer. What are they doing with you?”
“You what? Where do you know in Hackney that’s suitable for a
“I should be annoyed at you for playing me like this, I guess, but… Mm. I can’t. I’m bloody impressed.”
“John,” Sherlock said, patting his hand and trying to loosen the grip. “If I leave, I’ll only stand outside. You’re going to be fine.”
“You’ve gone quiet,” Sebastian said around his cigarette. The smoke was already gathering near the ceiling above him. He didn’t get any real response, but John’s expression suggested that maybe he was still working some things out. “Would you like me to elaborate?”
feeling discomfort. Sherlock could feel it in his body and see it in his face. He hadn’t said ‘no’, yet, though, so he kept going, as gently as he could.
John snorted some faint giggles through his nose, evidently having not understood a single word that had come his way. His irritatingly determined pecks and kisses had started moving on, creating a sloppy, wet trail down Sherlock’s chin and jaw as he tried to get to his neck, ignorant of the squirming protests.
kidnapped and almost murdered by Chinese smugglers –
“Good,” Sherlock said. He turned his ear towards the door as he heard some harsh knocks from downstairs. “There we go. Soon, they’ll be here soon. Just stay calm.”
He pulled back a bit. “I don’t need to change him. Everyone makes mistakes. I still love him and he still loves me. I know it. I’m certain.”
Sherlock’s warm fingers combed between his immediately. “Probably making some other security guard’s life hell. Would you like me to go and find her?”
“No-pe,” John boasted, his lips popping to emphasise the ‘p’. He opened his eyes and grinned at Sherlock. “What you got on your clothe? Clothes. Clotheses. Your… you’re wearing. Red.” John nodded to himself. “Red.”
Sherlock snorted.
“Suit yourself.”
“Why are you making me look like
startling him, and then didn’t loosen again. Sherlock couldn’t say he wasn’t enjoying himself, really, as every time he felt John’s grip flutter around his own his chest constricted with a strange, rumbling affection. It was at times like this he wished he’d met him sooner. He could have felt all of this a long time ago if he had.
“It’s dark.”
The blood drained from John’s face. He felt like a bit of prat now, having clung to the idea that maybe it was all just a big coincidence. Just a big coincidence that Moran had wanted him to meet his half-human, half-animal friend. Wasn’t like John had one, too. Definitely not.
When Mycroft arrived, John had been behind the doors for an hour, and the officer minding his brother was bored out of his mind. He’d conducted a full interview, taken several pages of notes, and exhausted all of his questions. All he seemed to want was to go and write up his report before it all left his head, and Mycroft was all too happy to release him from his moral duty and step in to mind his brother.
John nodded eagerly and pecked his lips. Sherlock took that as his cue and, taking a firmer hold on his cock and moaning softly, he pushed. And then he pushed a bit harder, and a bit further. And then he pushed just a little bit more, probably more of a rock than a push that time, just to check that everything was alright. John’s breathing had gotten awfully laboured and he was staring up at the ceiling with wide eyes.
“No, tell me,” Sherlock protested, taking the picture and looking at it again. He was in uniform trousers and a beige t-shirt, the bathplug chain of dogtags visible around his neck and under his shirt. “Where did you get this?”
The next twenty minutes were spent watching Fawnlock loop and connect various types of flowers and plants into pretty little garlands. Once he’d made half a dozen, each in complimenting green, white, and purple shades, Fawnlock carefully lifted each from the pile individually and draped them over his antlers. Then he stood up and turned around, finally meeting John’s eye.
After an hour and a half of occasional chatter but mostly silence, Sherlock piped up. He’d been looking for information on starting relationships, general behaviour, thought process, anything to do with it, but instead had found something else, and this issue had him much more worried.
gotten better.
John was almost certain a little bit of pee came out when this Sebastian Moran pulled out a keyring with two little keys on it. The man held it up between thumb and index finger and jingled them gently. He had a disturbingly proud smile on his face, but all John could do as he kept talking was stare.
Either way, John stared. Was this normal procedure? God, no, of course it wasn’t. He’d seen the faces of the people in that room.
It was obvious that he was thinking about what day it was. Sherlock was thinking about it, too. They both had poppies on the coats hanging off the door, John’s a silver badge pinned to his lapel and Sherlock’s a paper one stuck through his matching red buttonhole. He made a point to get a new one every year, usually spending all the change he had on his person. John ended up buying a new one each year, too, but it was mostly because he always misplaced his previous ones.
“Oops.” John laughed. “Sorry. Did I do that?”
John only snorted in response, swinging their hands together in time with their steps. They fell into another companionable silence, keeping each other warm, broken only by a realisation on John’s part. “Harry,” he said, looking up at Sherlock.
“Are you telling the time by seeing how far down the sun is?”
When his little home was finally back in view, he felt on the verge of collapsing with exhaustion, and he still needed to put the dinner on. He groaned as he felt his leg twinge.
“Okay, you’ve got a little problem with your left lung,” a radiologist explained, holding up a picture to the pair of them on an iPad that, Sherlock thought, seemed incredibly unnecessary. “This is your chest. If you look here, you can see a few of your ribs have been damaged, and you can see in this area that your lung looks very different to the one on this side.”
on first dates, but… but technically this is the end of our second date and we’ve already gone a bit far once, before we’d even had any dates at all, so really, really you should.”
“This is a
It was a long and embarrassing process, and eventually, when he handed the form back a second time, the psychologist was a bit nicer. He took the sheets in, explained that if he ever wanted to talk, he should just call a nurse and ask for Adam, and then he promised that he’d have a look over the questionnaire and get back to him soon.
“I don’t really care about nice,” Sherlock muttered.
“Hello?” He knew it was a long shot. “Hello? Is someone out there?”
“I’ve proven to you already the things I can do. I could ruin your life in the blink of an eye at any time I choose, and, even better, you don’t even have to be in the city for me to do it. All you’ve got to do is cooperate.” He took another drag of his cigarette. John continued to frown at him – evidently, he’d begun to understand. “And if you don’t – well, that’s what Jim’s for. Did you know that a lone wolf is capable of bringing down a bison?”
“Is that your real name?” John couldn’t quite put his finger on it, but there was something wrong with this picture – and it wasn’t just the missing briefcase, or the pissing scary scar on the stranger’s face, or even the fact that a post-it note had emptied the entire building. He just looked far too comfortable.
Sherlock smiled. “Bossy.” He kissed John gently and then rested their foreheads together. “This’ll be very different to that. I’ll go slowly.”
John blinked. "Yes?"
“Well, then,” he murmured, moving in close. “Happy anniversary.”
His heart leapt at the sight of the desk – maybe he could send a letter to Fawnlock, maybe he could explain, maybe he could say goodbye because this really wasn’t looking good for him – but there would have been too many complications. They’d wonder why he was sending a letter to his own empty house, and of course they’d read it before they sent it. Maybe they’d try and find this ‘Fawnlock’ and question him, and then they’d be on the lookout for him when they couldn’t find him.
“You want me to look weedy,” John concluded, letting Sherlock zip his jacket all the way up again, right up past his collar. “You think that a lot more people are going to see me as a much easier target if I look like I’ve never thrown a punch my whole life.”
John scoffed again, and then Sherlock produced a pair of handcuffs from his coat pocket.
There are people trying to sleep. What the hell do you think you’re play—
The gentle flutters in his chest had transformed to pulsing wing beats, hammering him from the inside out. It felt like his heart was going to burst out of his ribcage, but at the same time it was relief from the constant twitching of the past few months.
Once he was finished he requested another cup of water and then returned both the tray and the cup together, leaving them by the door to his cell as he’d been instructed before. Then, feeling a bit more energised and ready to face the world again, he returned to his bench to fold his blanket and smooth out his pillow.
John’s eyes widened and his cheeks blushed a bright pink. “Oh my God. Jesus. I’m so sorry. Oh, fuck, I feel sick.”
“Watson.” John’s head perked at his name. A different officer appeared in the doorway, this one with grey hair and a friendly face. John wished he didn’t look so nice. Maybe then his situation would have been easier to handle. “Your court hearing is coming up this afternoon. Anyone you’d like to call? Lawyer, family?”
“I know. It’s alright, I’m here, I’m fine. It’s fine.”
John nodded, wincing slightly. “Yep. I’ve had much worse than this. Just took me by surprise.”
“That’s his name,” Moran shrugged, smiling briefly at Jim. The answer only filled John’s head with a dozen more questions, but Moran didn’t seem to be willing to let him talk any more. “I was going to break this to you slowly, John, I really was, but some this giant twat here clearly decided that my methods of dealing with things weren’t good enough. Said giant twat will now attempt to eat my hand tonight while I sleep for saying that, but whatever.” John was getting lost very quickly. “My point is I wanted to strike a deal with you.”
“Alright. I’ll be in the liv—um, I’ll be through there. I go there, yes?” John pointed with his thumb from himself to the area behind him and nodded. He walked backwards until he reached the room and then had to sidestep in order to get to his chair. The wall that appeared and blocked his view of the faun broke the terrifyingly intense eye contact and John gave in, waiting patiently in his chair.
Sherlock didn’t sing, but he could hear John humming under his breath. As the service plodded on, with more hymns and a short reading from the bible by a local priest, he noticed John’s face getting steadily less and less respectful and more… well, sad. He just looked sad. He wondered if maybe he wanted to leave now and watch the rest on television, but he was listening intently to every word being said in every speech.
Sherlock wasn’t buying it. “The reason they don’t want victims to have contact with their abusers is to make a clean break and reorient to a non-warped version of reality.”
Sherlock swallowed. “I will, for today. But I have to go to school tomorrow. Mycroft is taking me, I can’t get out of it. I’ll be over as soon as I can.”
He spent the best part of the day catching up on what he’d lost. He was due for his weekly shop anyway, and he took the opportunity to buy more bin liners, new bed sheets, a blanket, and a small bag of coal for his tiny fireplace. He put his name down for another, bigger lot to be delivered later in the week. Who had ever decided that cottages didn’t need central heating?
John shook his head again, his face still pressed against Sherlock’s chest. “I don’t want to, Sherlock.”
,” John groaned deeply as Harry flung herself at him, pulling him into a tight hug. He tried his best not to wince at the deep aches she was causing him.
“Were you with him when it happened?”
“Inside me with your penis… Jesus.” John snorted and clapped his hands to his mouth so that his laughter wouldn’t be too loud.
“He started off on this huge rant about how I had to stop wasting my time on school, and then changed his mind and said that
John blinked hard and averted his gaze, but Sebastian had clearly noticed he was staring. Luckily, he didn’t seem willing to comment just yet.
It – no,
“Why would there be customers?” Moran said, sounding genuinely baffled at the concept.
He put one of the looped chains aside and started eagerly harvesting for another. John had a feeling he’d be there for a while. He sat down.
“I love you, too.”
It took Sherlock a long second to translate the words that were coming out of John’s mouth into something that made more sense. He’d explained this to John before, he thought, but he’d just woken up at the time. It was very likely that he hadn’t been listening at all.
Sherlock argued, spitting the word out like a tiger would rabbit food. “I’m making you look like a geek.”
“No,” John shook his head. He lowered his hands and pointed to his chest, and then his eyes. “Me see. Me, look at your head.”
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock said, sliding his own phone back into his pocket.
“Who the hell is that?” John murmured through a still false, and slightly confused, smile.
“And then you pushed him.”
“John?” he asked quietly, looking over John’s surprisingly dry palm.
John turned the TV off and stood up, stretching backwards. “Right, that. What sort of proper shoes?”
"Nnnnnyes," John decided. He grinned and chuckled quietly. "I don't know."
They were at the restaurant in just ten minutes, and John let Sherlock pay as he perused the outside.
“It’s Monday morning. You’ve been in hospital overnight since Sunday evening. We were texting, you’re right, and I came around to see why you’d stopped replying and you were unconscious on your bedroom floor. I had to make a decision and I decided to call 999. I told them I’m your boyfriend so they’d let me stay with you.” Sherlock sounded firm, but he looked uncertain. He paused. “I was worried about you.”
“Harry,” John squeaked, and she let go. His eyes were watering, and he took a second to breathe, his hand on his chest as if to keep it together while he got his body back up and running. “God. Hospital gowns make you realise how cold the world actually is. Let’s go in.”
For the few boxes Harry had bought, the Chinese food looked like a feast fit for a king to John. The spread smelt better than anything he’d ever experienced before, and even if some of the food looked a bit greasy or squishy, he was still going to try his best at trying all of it. After all, he only remembered one of these things from before his mother had died – the rest were a mystery. Sherlock kept him brave, however, by almost forcing the food between his lips. “Try this,” he’d say, a piece of chicken balanced between some chopsticks already hovering in front of his mouth. “And this one next,” he’d follow, with what appeared to be a piece of sponge covered in red sauce held up.
“Boys,” the radiologist interrupted, “I’m sorry, but it really is important we get on fixing this as soon as possible. I’m going to go and call a doctor in to sort you out, alright?”
“I don’t wanna go,” John cried, his face pressed to Sherlock’s body as his chest started heaving.
"No, John."
Despite what he believed, however, the deer-man deposited his armful by the front door but didn’t leave. He stared at John for a long time. John stayed completely still. Finally it started to move again, but this time it seemed a less thorough exploration. John felt bad for watching, though he knew better than to stand up when it was already afraid.
John closed his eyes and grunted. “M’head hurts.”
“What difference does it make? You’re still going to think the same things about me, whether or not you’ve got this crap.” John flicked the papers onto the floor.
Really sorry. Here it is!
“Oh,” John said awkwardly, pulling his hand away from the grip that was still covering it. Despite his flustered state, his smile was genuine. “That’s… really good. Thank you.”
“What? Have I given it to you?” Sherlock asked, panicked. John laughed.
Sherlock watched him for a few seconds, one eye narrowing slightly in thought. The hands moved from behind his head and he sat up, running his hands through his hair, still quiet as he finally settled them in his lap. Eventually, he said, “I wondered if you’d want to go to a service. There’s one at Regent’s Park that starts at half ten.”
It stared at him again. John felt himself clutching at his last shreds of hope as he drew the word out a bit, emphasising the syllables when he caught its eyes on his mouth. “Hu-man.”
“I shouldn’t really tell you anything else. Try and go back to sleep. Put your cup just outside when you’re done.” John could hear the command in that voice, and he didn’t say anything else.
of a douchebag?” John asked, holding his hands up and away from him as Sherlock pulled the hem of his jumper down to a straight line over the waistband of his jeans. “Surely this is counterproductive.”
The faun looked at John like he was about to projectile vomit all over his hands. John groaned. He patted his chest firmly.
While his body had been going around being a criminal, his mind had been off gallivanting in the forest, plucking some flowery fairy tale deer creature out of the corner of his imagination to make him fall in love with.
When the door finally did shove open, a series of snaps, rustles, and an eventual heavy thump had him pressed flat against the doorframe with one foot in and one foot out. That hadn’t been thunder. Not even if he tried really hard to pretend it had been, which usually worked.
He took another step forwards, wishing the God damned rain would stop for just ten seconds and let the moon come out. He couldn’t see a bloody thing.
“‘m sorry,” John said again, shaking his head until Sherlock’s hand fell. “Really, really sorry. And don’t say that it’s okay, or that it’s what friends do, because it’s not. It’s… completely out of line for me to dump everything on you like this. I’m sorry for kissing you, and I’m sorry you have to waste your time keeping me company when all I do is cry and puke. You can go if you want. I won’t keep you anymore.”
John got up on all fours and moved until he was lying face-to-face with Sherlock. He smiled slightly and then moved forward, landing a sweet his to his lips.
“Just one more thing, Jim,” Moran said. John had to hope it was the last thing. He wasn’t sure he could stay any longer without barging back in and throwing a few punches. “There’s more, isn’t there?”
Sherlock's eyes flickered down his arms and then back up. "No."
John felt himself go limp. He didn’t know what was happening any more. What had happened to the sweet little cottage he lived in, and that picture of the perfect blue sky that he’d been so pathetically proud of? God, he felt sick, but he couldn’t tell if it was anxiety or homesickness. He’d have bet on both.
, and you can stop that right now, thanks.” He glanced up at Sherlock, who had frozen, still staring silently down at his phone screen. “Besides,” he continued, swallowing, “I’d be long gone if I’d told him anything like that. No, I just told him I still wanted to be a doctor.”
“They’ll put you somewhere safe,” Sherlock continued quietly, his hand snaking across John’s waist until he was half-hugging him, because yes, he really looked close to tears now. “You’ll have people to give you enough food, and clean clothes, and hugs all the time.”
Two opposites warring for Sherlock’s undivided attention.  John is warm and familiar and dependable; Irene is cold and adventurous and devious.  She’s nothing like how John is and he wants it.   Sherlock wants to live on the edge of self-destruction because it’s not boring, it’s not predictable, it’s not what the rest of the mouth breathers do.
“Hey...you all right?”
“You’re the one that brought it up,” he snaps at Sherlock.
Sherlock is even more surprised when John climbs into the bed next to him.  The shock of clammy feet brushing his for a fleeting second and the sweet smell of John’s peppermint toothpaste to mask the
Molly sighs and groans disheartedly.  She pinches the bridge of her nose and rubs the sleep out of her eyes a little tougher than she should.
Sherlock remembers the two people he’s ever had, what normal people would call, relationships with.  At Eton, there’d been a boy he’d liked called David.  He’d always been kind to Sherlock and laughed at his jokes about their classmates and never called him “freak.”  Sherlock supposes David was his best friend
John suddenly scrunches his eyes tight and moves his hands deliberately and Sherlock begs him silently
,” Mycroft condescends.
Sherlock remembers what life was like before he met John.  He lives alone in a small, one bedroom flat on Montague Street.  Once a week, Mycroft sends a cleaning lady over because god forbid Sherlock ever clean up after himself.  Sherlock likes his flat because it’s close to St Bart’s and right across the street from the British Museum.  Secretly, he loves the British Museum.  Everyone thinks Sherlock hates it because of how crowded it is and how many tourists litter the exhibits.  Everyone thinks Sherlock can’t filter through the barrage of information that’s presented to him.
John and his date stop at the landing and John pushes her back into the wall. She squeals her surprise and Sherlock can hear that John is smiling against her mouth in his laugh.  Sherlock watches with perverse fascination as John kisses her roughly.  He’s got one hand on her hip and the other supporting his weight against the wall.  He moves down to her neck and she sighs contentedly.  Her hands are in his hair and on his back, feeling everywhere and nowhere at the same time.  John moves to nuzzling and kissing her neck and her eyes flutter open and land squarely on Sherlock.  She stares at him for a long moment and Sherlock stares blankly back at her.
Sherlock remembers Redbeard.  He remembers playing with him in the garden and how much he loved chasing sticks.  Redbeard also loved to be lazy and lay in the sun with Sherlock curled up next to him.
Sherlock crunches his nose between his gloved fingers and laughs mirthlessly.  John stands rigid, not knowing what to expect.
The first time Sherlock thinks about John is after the pool.  He remembers when he thought, for just a split second, that John had actually tricked him into thinking he was his friend.  Sherlock knows now he was foolish to ever think that, but still, it didn’t stop him in that moment.
“No, I don’t want any of that
Sherlock sits back in the uncomfortable chair and ponders what to tell John.  Should he lie and say he’s only ever liked classical music?  Or should he just tell him the truth?  Sherlock glances over at John who looks like he’s waiting on bated breath for his answer.
“You remind me a lot of my sister,” John sneers.  “Selfish, dismissive,
John hears his phone chirp loudly at him and he tries to pull it out of his pocket while running down Borough High Street behind Sherlock.
“Yes, all right, yes!”  Sherlock says, rolling his eyes harshly and heaving a heavy sigh.  “I wore dirty black shirts and let my hair grow long and
“6th January 1981,” he’ll say, rolling his eyes.  “It’s always been 6th January 1981.”
, he says to himself.  But as he sits there, the silence of Baker Street surrounding him, he hears that voice in his ear all over again.
“I love you, Sherlock.”
“Well I just thought maybe…”
“Sherlock, I’m not that bad of a bed fellow.  Here, I’ll even go down to the pub and leave you up here to fall asleep on your own.  You won’t even notice when I come in, all right?” John suggests as he gathers his jacket and wallet to go downstairs to spend the evening drinking good scotch and chatting up any woman that comes within a 10 foot radius of him.  “God, it’s like you’re purposefully avoiding sleeping or something, it’s mental,” he says under his breath right as he goes to open the door.
that makes Sherlock suddenly realise
It hits Sherlock then that Harry is to John what he is to Mycroft.  Sherlock is a perpetual child and all Mycroft does is run around and clean up his messes.  All Mycroft does is wait around to be loved by Sherlock, who is the only person in the world that Mycroft actually cares about.  All Mycroft does is act in the hopes that someday all his caring will elicit some kind of gratitude from him.  All Mycroft ever wanted was to protect him and Sherlock threw that back in his face like engine fluid, like poison, like yolk.
“What’d you put in it?”
Sherlock looks out the window, watching the people passing by and let’s a quiet “yes” out.  He hopes that John hasn’t heard this and they’ll start talking about something else.
“So….you’re telling me….”  John trails off for a second.  Sherlock takes the opportunity to roll his eyes, huff quietly, and turn his head as far to the right as he can without actually turning his body away from John.  “You fancy me?”  He concludes.
But John has never judged him, John would never judge him.  John
John knows this man can hear him so he calms his breathing down through sheer willpower and ego.  Because for some reason, letting the person who’s just strapped explosives to his chest and ordered him to taunt his best friend know that he’s in any way frightened is the line John’s just not willing to cross.  Remember: keep calm and carry on, John.
Irene quickly undresses them both and he sees bruises, some fresh and some old, all over her body.  He realizes that she’d been brutally beaten from the moment she’d been captured and killed them all out of revenge.  But he barely has time to feel horrified or sympathetic because Sherlock remembers his head falling back and a heavy sigh escaping him as soon as Irene wraps her mouth around his cock.  It’s just so warm and wet and tight and
?”  He chuckles quietly at his rhetorical question.  Sherlock scrunches his face in annoyance.
“I mean it, you tell me what the hell is going on here.”  John’s voice drops to a low whisper, that same tone he takes when he’s consciously trying not to yell.
Sherlock stares, half enthralled, half horrified, as a serious expression grows on John’s face.  Though he oddly remains devoid of any real emotion.  Detached.  Clinical, even.  Like he’d accepted long ago everything Harry was and wouldn’t be.
Sherlock can hear John and the woman laugh for a moment and then silence.  He stares up at the ceiling and tries not to feel guilty.  He stares up at the ceiling and tries to will away that empty feeling that’s burrowing into his chest like a dog digging for his bone.  Thirty minutes later, Sherlock hears two sets of footsteps going down the stairs and a minute later, John’s footsteps coming back up.  Sherlock wants to think that John wouldn’t let the woman stay overnight, but he knows it was her that elected to leave.
bullshit you love to throw at me,” John bursts out suddenly.  He takes several steps back from Sherlock, tries to calm his breathing, and looks down at his shoe when he says, “I want to hear you say it.”
Two opposites warring for Sherlock’s undivided attention.  John is warm and familiar and dependable; Irene is cold and adventurous and devious.  She’s nothing like how John is and he wants it.   Sherlock wants to live on the edge of self-destruction because it’s not boring, it’s not predictable, it’s not what the rest of the mouth breathers do.
Even John is shocked when he learns how young Sherlock is.
“Mummy would be right,” he says through clenched teeth.
“Doing what?”  Sherlock snaps at him.  He’s playing dumb, of course.  He’s clever, he reads people’s faces and body language for a living.  He knows exactly what Lestrade means.
“What’d I miss?”  Sherlock calls after him.  “Tell me, what did I miss?!”  He says, running after Mycroft, pulling on his arm.  Mycroft shakes him off roughly and Sherlock almost falls backwards.
Mycroft says, rounding on him.
“No, I don’t think I
Later that day, Sherlock meets Irene Adler face to face and finds he’s somewhat smitten with the woman.  She’s intelligent, charming, cunning, bold, beautiful.  Irene is a new puzzle for him to try to solve, a new adventure for him to go on.  Best of all, she was able to outsmart him and Sherlock finds he doesn’t really mind.
Sherlock waits for a few seconds, then opens his eyes towards Molly.
“Oi, you want a cuppa?”
David and Sherlock stayed friends all throughout school, but Sherlock never did become friends with any of David’s.  None of them liked him, constantly making fun of Sherlock in front of him and always barking at David why he even bothered with that mental arsehole Sherlock Holmes.
been 1981, and how the shock of finding that out doesn’t negate the fact. Sherlock is sitting on the floor and John on the couch, so he can barely see Sherlock roll his eyes when he huffs.
John remembers Sherlock starts in with his mile a minute deductions about why John is even there and potentially becoming flatmates and confirming that yes, he was indeed a soldier in Afghanistan.  John is almost creeped out by how quickly this man seems to uncover his life story until he unknowingly challenges him to dig even deeper. John remembers the look on Sherlock’s face when he plunges into his deductions.  It’s a face he will, unbeknownst to him, see so, so many more times in the years to come. John stands bewildered as Sherlock exposes so many things about him, his vocation, his military career, where he was stationed, his dodgy leg that’s all just John’s doing.  He’s thrown off kilter so much by these revelations that he doesn’t even notice properly that Sherlock says he has a brother instead of a sister because
“That skull,” John says one night during a James Bond marathon.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, sweetheart,” she says, grabbing his chin and kissing him roughly on the cheek.  “You’re smarter and better than they are.  Now come over here and let’s see if you can beat me at chess.”
“So what if I am!?  What’s it matter to you!?”  Sherlock spits.  He doesn’t like being pushed into a corner.  He doesn’t like being judged.
John moves slowly down to Sherlock’s lips and kisses him softly.  He lingers above Sherlock’s mouth, breathing in Sherlock’s air, replacing every molecule in his body with Sherlock’s.  He kisses him again, this time pressing his lips firmly against Sherlock’s and stays there for a long moment.  The emotions Sherlock tries so hard to keep locked away come flooding to the surface and a choked moan escapes his throat.  He grabs John’s wrists, and John breaks the kiss.
He doesn’t think about it, he just knocks.  Shivering, cold, and exhausted, Sherlock stands on the doorstep and waits for an answer.  He knocks again, this time louder, more insistent.  And still, he waits.  He shivers harder and rubs his eyes rougher and waits.  He knocks again, this time pounding on the door.  If he had his watch on, he’d know it was well past midnight and forgive that he’s been waiting for longer than 90 seconds for the door to open.
But he needs John.  He’d give it all up, if it meant having John.  John is safe and strong and smart in ways that Sherlock never could be.  And god, he’s beautiful.  His eyes and hands and the way he hums in the shower and makes toast for breakfast because it’s easy and quick and he can never wake up on time to be at the surgery.  Sherlock knows everything about John, all his habits and nuances and idiosyncrasies.  There is no more deducing John Watson for Sherlock Holmes.  He knows things John hasn’t even told him yet because he can read it in his body and eyes and stance, and Sherlock would never blurt them out because he knows it needs to come from John.  He’d never tell John he knows his father once punched him.  He’d never tell John he knows he loves Harry more than he lets on.  He’d never tell John he knows he slept with men in the army or that his Gran was his favorite person until she died unexpectedly and that’s why he became a doctor or that he once contemplated suicide.  He knows John needs to be the one to say these things out loud like how a child needs to ask why the sky is blue, why the grass is green, where babies come from, where we go when we die.  Because these are sacred things, and the only thing Sherlock knows for certain is sacred are John Watson’s secrets.
in him.  Sherlock can’t form any words, so he just nods.
A second later, John pokes his head around the corner, his hair dripping water and shampoo down his face.  He squints at Sherlock, looking him up and down.
Sherlock’s stomach twists into a knot at the word, but all he does is straighten his head, close his eyes, and sighs loudly.
He quickly removes his hand from John’s face and clambers loudly back into the kitchen.
(See the end of the chapter for
John stands in front of the door, wide eyed and mouth closed tight in one thin line.  Sherlock is too anxious to care that he’s thoroughly pissed John off for the second time in less than 36 hours.
It’s been a couple of years since Lestrade has had to stay with Sherlock for a full night.  Lestrade always tells Mycroft that he does stay through the night, even if he only stays for an hour.  Lestrade suspects Mycroft knows he’s lying to him because he’s seen how he can control the CCTV’s.  He’s also seen Mycroft around Sherlock and he’s pretty sure he’s smarter than his younger brother, and if Lestrade thought Sherlock was a genius, then what does that make Mycroft?   But Mycroft never so much as bats an eye at the senior detective.
Sorry it took me so long to update, lovelies.  Life gets in the way sometimes, but thank you for reading!  Be back with chapter 4 soon!  XX K
“Mind if I sit here?”  He asks Fletcher, the demon hound from hell tour guide.
“What?”
But she never finishes, because Sherlock catches her hand harshly around the wrist as she tries to brush his hair back.  Startled, she rips her hand away from Sherlock and stares ragefully at him.
John stares at Sherlock and breathes.
“I never knew you felt that way, Mr Holmes.  Especially after all that dreadful business with your brother,” she soothes in his ear as she slides back next to him again.  And then Sherlock feels Irene’s hand sneak across his thigh and palm his erection and he knows he’s a goner.  There’s no turning back now.
Sherlock keeps his stance on the couch, hands steepled under his chin, left foot crossed over his right.  He moves only his eyes in John’s direction.
Sherlock remembers his eyes closing involuntarily when he feels John’s hand dip down under his pajamas and grip him tight.  He remembers he must have made a stupid face because he hears John laugh softly and then feels John’s other hand on his cheek.
“Hey, you all right?” Sherlock whispers tenderly.  He cups John’s cheek and waits for him to respond. John breathes him in and just stares.
What people don’t seem to realize is that Sherlock’s powers of deduction aren’t so much an involuntary ability as they are a learned skill.  Yes, Sherlock’s parents have had his IQ tested and yes, it’s very high.  Yes, he’s much more observant than the average person, and it’s not that he can’t keep his mouth shut but that he just doesn’t see the point of doing so.
“I just thought you might want some company.  Hard blow and all….” he trails off again, his hand creeping slowly into the hairs in the back of his head.  Sherlock focuses on the movement for a moment too long.
So when he laughs and tells John he’s not the first person to ask who’d have him for a flatmate, John decides to let Mike march him into one the labs at Bart’s to meet this person.  Mike doesn’t tell him anything about them, only that he has to meet them in the flesh to really believe such a person could actually exist. John is intrigued and just a little incredulous that whomever he’s about to meet could be so mysterious or otherworldly or...whatever, he doesn’t even know.  All he can do is limp as fast as he can into his old stomping grounds and hope this turns into something worth competing with crippling depression and war torn memories.
They were wedded and their last names changed to Watson- Holmes when Rosie was 4. It wasn't a big wedding and neither of them planned to walk down the aisle but Rosie really wanted to be a flower girl, so John gave in. Before going down the aisle Rosie tugged John down so she could look at him at eye level. She put a small rose in his white dress suit pocket before pulling him into a tight hug and whispering in his ear "I love you Papa."
in the way he let John only see, and still being himself. John at first hated the looks people gave them, not judgy (most of the time), but
"I'm going to need you to say for some overtime. I need help with an analysis that must be done with the utmost speed and accuracy."
"Let's go!" cried Rosie, putting her coat on.
Rosie searched through her keys again. Unlocking the door she looked inside. No Hamish, only what looked to be several hundred thousand dollars in drugs, probably cocaine. Sighing, she left the room and dragged the body inside, locking it again. She continued down the rest of the long hall until it split, one way going right and the other going left. She looked left, a short hall then a dead end. She looked right. Mid-way down the hall stood another guard. He received the same treatment as the woman guarding the drugs.
He’d made a joke while in the queue and she just said it.
“Don’t,” John warns him before he can start on a tirade.  “Do not talk to me like that.”  Sherlock looks up at him and thinks he’s never seen John look more serious and intent in his entire life.
John looks around, he’s back at the pool, wearing a vest made of bombs.
It’s been a long time since he’s thought about John.  He won’t let himself.  They work more cases and Sherlock gets to know John better and better.
John laughs mirthlessly.  “Fuck you, Sherlock,” he spits.  He makes sure to slam his door hard enough that it rattles the air downstairs when he makes it to his room.
Sherlock kneels in front of John and takes all of him in.  All his beauty, all his vulnerability, all his humanity.  He kneels in front of John and marvels at all the things John represents to him: compassion, acceptance, patience, adoration.  Love.
He closes his eyes and keeps his hands firmly at his sides and goes into the door marked FANTASIES ABOUT JOHN in his mind palace.  Sherlock does everything he can to not look at Irene while she’s down there licking and sucking him.  For all the fantasizing he’s done about Irene too, he thought he’d be more excited when they actually did have sex.  Sure, the vibrations against his cock are making him see stars, but Christ, does she ever stop all that fucking moaning?
John chuckles at him as Angelo drops the drinks off at the table.
Sherlock shuffles around the body, silently taking in and filtering through the data.
“’Well’ what?”  Sherlock drawls.
“Goodbye, Miss Adler,” he says firmly.  Silently, she opens the door and steps out.
this all is.  He glances down the bed to stare at where he ends and Sherlock begins.  He somehow has the presence of mind to wonder why he and Sherlock had ever thought knocking each other back that very first night at Angelo’s was at all a good idea.  They could have been doing this every night since then, erasing all the pain from their lives and replacing it with release.
“You can.  And I’m here.  But Sherlock,” Lestrade starts, “you can’t keep taking the drugs.  You just can’t.  It’s destroying you.”
“I’m going to Speedy’s.  See you there.”
“Than other children?  I suppose,” Mycroft answers, rolling his eyes.  “Than
“Makes you feel what?”  Sherlock asks, mimicking John by staring up into the empty space.
But then Lestrade starts noticing other things, like Sherlock’s nose bleeds often or his eyes seem bloodshot or that he can’t stand still at crime scenes or he’s constantly fidgeting in the car.
“He contaminates the crime scene, the body, everything!  Why do you let him in here to muck everything up?!”
Sherlock speeds up, and John smiles too.  It only takes him six seconds to forget all about his therapy session.
do that.  Sherlock knows that.  John killed a man for him after knowing him for 24 hours.  He refused to spy on him in exchange for money he desperately needed.  He’s never called him “freak” and has defended him against the people that have.
“Don’t be like this, Mr Holmes,” she chides, pulling off his mouth but grinding against his groin with hers.  “You forget, I know what people like.  Even you,” she says, still grinding, still trying to pump life back into Sherlock’s cock.  His body responds only from the friction.  His breathing slowly becomes labored; this is another sensation he forgot all about.  Irene doesn’t break eye contact with him.
The empty scotch glass thuds dully on the floor as John drops it.  Because that’s what you do when you love someone.
“You’re just different, darling,” his mother says while sipping her tea.  “They’re just cruel because you’re so much smarter than they are, my sweet boy.”
“You, ripping my clothes off in a darkened pool.  People might talk.”
Sherlock cups John’s cheek and brings him down for a passionate kiss.  And John moans all his love and devotion and adoration into Sherlock’s mouth.  He wants it to travel through Sherlock’s body and settle in the pit of his stomach and grow roots there.  He wants this to communicate to Sherlock what he can’t with his words.
” Sherlock remembers Moriarty cooing at him.  He remembers Moriarty narrowing his eyes at him.  He remembers thinking he should know what he means.
Molly is introverted and quiet, but not in the way Sherlock is quiet.  Sherlock is quiet the way a tiger is before it pounces on its prey.  Sherlock is quiet in order to better observe the people around him.  Sherlock is quiet by choice.  Molly though, she’s silent because she doesn’t know what to say, or how to say it without her voice croaking to life.  Sometimes she stammers or chatters excitedly when she’s around him.  These are the times Sherlock filters the most.  He couldn’t tell you even if he wanted to what she says during these times.  But when Molly talks about work, she’s forceful, strong, confident.  When she’s examining a body, testing for trace chemicals, running tox screens, Molly is thorough.  Molly is comfortable.  Molly is certain.
“It’s ok, John.  You’re here, you’re safe,” he hears Sherlock whisper.  He feels Sherlock lay the lightest touch on his shoulder and he flinches away violently.  He lays back down and curls into the fetal position while he tries to calm his breathing, not wanting to open his eyes for fear he’ll still be back at the pool, seconds away from being torn apart by shrapnel.
wants is to play with Sherlock face to face.
“Budge over,” John commands.  “I’ll be damned if I let you steal this incredibly comfortable bed from me tonight,” he jokes, trying to break the tension.
John turns on his heels and makes for the staircase.  Sherlock quickly twists on the couch to watch him march upstairs.
His mind and his heart, always warring.  He wants to get off, he wants this release.  He wants it like he wants the chase, like he wants cocaine, like he wants to always be right.
“What did Mycroft say to you.”  It’s not a question.
John starts to feel that tight, hot orb settle in the pit of his stomach and he knows he won’t last much longer.  He hopes Sherlock is as close as he is, so he grabs his cock and starts to work it in tandem with the rhythm of his thrusts.  Sherlock whines and John feels him twist his legs around John’s middle, locking him in place. The change in angle causes John to be totally in line with Sherlock’s prostate.  John barely gets three thrusts in when Sherlock comes violently, calling out John’s name as he does. John feels Sherlock’s body spasm all around him and he comes seeing stars, his orgasm overtaking him in a wash of relief and absolution.
“You know why!  Even YOU could see why!”  Sherlock shouts without thinking.  He doesn’t know why he just blurted that out.  He’s pretty sure he’s got a surprised look on his face but he’s too stuck inside his own head to really care about what his face is doing currently.  But still, he’s never felt more vulnerable than in this moment.
Before he realizes what he’s doing, Sherlock snatches the skull and hides it in his coat under his arm.  He rushes home, sets it on his mantle, and stares at it while he prepares an injection.  He swears this’ll be the last one.  One last time.
“I expect you’ll be wanting this,” Sherlock announces just a few minutes later, producing a perfectly crafted cup of English Breakfast tea and two paracetamols.  “For your neck,” Sherlock says and hands the pills to John, this time savoring the feel of his massive hand gently encased in John’s smaller one, if only for a split second.
The last time he had to say this was to an old friend of Mummy’s called Frannie.  He’d gone round to visit not long after his birthday with Mycroft one Sunday.  His mother, never one to pass up bragging about either of her sons, boasted about her baby boy the chemist and how he’d just turned 28 and could you even believe it!  Mycroft had laughed into his teacup at Sherlock; he never missed an opportunity to try to embarrass him.
“Your mum never scolded you when you walk all over her furniture then?”
“John,” she finally says, pulling away just enough to see his dilated pupils when he rips open his eyes.  He knows he shouldn’t be surprised that Irene knows, Irene is one of the most intelligent people he’s ever met.  But still, the shock of someone, anyone deducing his heart…
John goes into the kitchen and shakily pours himself a much-too-full glass of scotch.  He nods absentmindedly and waves Sherlock off when he hears him call his name timidly and quickly climbs the stairs to his room.  Sherlock thinks to follow but doesn’t when he hears the lock click quietly behind John. He feels an overwhelming sense of needing to make sure he’s alright, but knows that leaving John alone is for the best.
“Dad barely spoke and when he did, it was only to me.  Asking about college and what kind of medicine I wanted to study at King’s or if I was gonna go into the military like him and Grandad.  It was so awkward…” John trails off.
“I don’t know if I can,” he says, sounding smaller than he ever has before.
“But now she’s gone.  She’s gone, she left me…”  And Sherlock starts to cry.  It’s the first time he’s cried since he was a child.
“What,” he finally answers.
“Whu…?”  Sherlock mumbles, his mouth full of chicken and potatoes.
Immediately after Mycroft kicked him out of his room, Sherlock pulls Father’s dictionary out and looks up the word “sociopath.”  He reads:
A preface: in America, a single room means there's one bed.  So in HoB when the innkeeper says he's sorry for not being able to do a double room for Sherlock and John, I thought he was saying they didn't have any rooms with two beds in them, not that they couldn't do a room with one double sized bed.  So, before I realised  it, I wrote Dartmoor scenes under the impression that John and Sherlock were sleeping in one bed.  I liked it and, gotta admit, was feeling lazy and didn't wanna change it.  So just a touch of behind the scenes canon divergence here.  Also, I gave Sherlock my favourite music and band because I sincerely do head canon it. : ]
“Oh!”  John exclaims his surprise.  “I wasn’t expecting that, I gotta admit.”  He puts down his chopsticks and prepares to listen rapturously to Sherlock’s revelations.  But Sherlock just looks around the restaurant confused.
John watches Sherlock continue his work cleaning him and smiles softly at him, gently easing an errant curl behind his ear.  Sherlock looks up at him when he’s finished and hands John the water to drink.
Mycroft groans loudly, “God, Sherlock, do grow up immediately.  It will make my life so much easier,”  he croaks as he returns to his book.
“When Harry was 18, she moved out with some of her mates.  We didn’t see her much for the next couple of years.  Broke Mum’s heart,” he says, rolling his eyes and sighing.
John continues to probe in and out and lick sloppy stripes up Sherlock’s cock and Sherlock moans, “mmh, another, John, another.”
Secretly, Sherlock loves John’s tantrums.  Secretly, it makes Sherlock feel better about his own outbursts, like he’s not as strange as he thinks he is.  Secretly, they only endear him to Sherlock more.
Sherlock remembers the rush of emotions.  He was excited, shocked, angry, nervous.  He tries to keep calm, tries to keep his hand from shaking, tries to keep his voice even.  He doesn’t want to give away that he’s actually terrified, that he’s never felt more powerless.  Sherlock also remembers that it wasn’t him he was terrified for.  It was John.
In between cases, Sherlock relaxes, though he’ll never admit it.  Sherlock genuinely only feels alive when he’s working and trying to find the pieces to his puzzles, but even geniuses need to stop and breathe once in awhile.  When he’s working, it’s like his brain doesn’t switch off.   Sherlock will only sleep for an hour or two at a time.  He’ll only eat every other day and even then it’s only half a meal.  He skims the newspapers, but doesn’t really read them.
And Sherlock barely makes a sound.  He can’t remember the last time someone sucked him off, can’t believe he forgot how unbelievably amazing it feels, can’t believe he convinced himself he didn’t need this in his life.  But still, the nagging feeling won’t subside.
John gets up out of his chair and paces for a second in place.  He starts towards the kitchen, but changes his mind and instead yells, “You know, you can be a real prick sometimes!  Sometimes?  What am I talking about, all the time!  You are a right
Sherlock softens.  He needs to realize already that he can trust John.  He trusts John.
But Sherlock stops.  He finds he can’t do it, raise John from this peaceful state.  He knows that John’s been having nightmares even though he hasn’t told him.  Sherlock can hear him talking in his sleep sometimes.  He can never make out the words, but Sherlock is positive it has something to do with Moriarty and being strapped to bombs.  Sometimes when John knows Sherlock isn’t sleeping that night, he won’t come downstairs after he’s had a nightmare.  He just doesn’t want to talk to Sherlock, even though Sherlock doesn’t insist that John ever talk about anything.
“You were in Afghanistan?”  Sherlock deduces.
“I haven’t come with a man like that in
“Oh, just everything of importance,” he mutters carelessly as he walks away.
“No, I…” He starts, feeling embarrassed.
Sherlock remembers that was the first time he ever won against Mummy, feeling strangely confident and powerful from her insistence at his superiority.  Later that night, Sherlock barges into Mycroft’s room.  He’s reading a book on advanced nuclear physics and is highly annoyed Sherlock has disturbed him.
A content warning for a very brief, fleeting mention of suicide before reading.  Also, this chapter is solely AdLock. So if that doesn't particularly tickle your fancy, I'll just say that though it may outwardly be AdLock, I can assure you there's more than meets the eye going on.  But if it really bothers you, feel free to skip this chapter! : ]
But then Sherlock shows up to a crime scene one day with his pupils blown wide and his clothes barely buttoned properly, looking around the room like any second someone’s going to come out of the shadows and stab him.
Sherlock’s back is still turned.
Laying in the bed next to John, it’s dark and only the moon lights up the room.  John is stiff and tense and almost supernaturally sobered up next to him.  Sherlock wants desperately to close the distance between them, to just reach out and feel John warm and alive under his touch.
As ever, thanks for sticking with me during these long periods of hiatus, friends.  Thanks for being cool. xx
“You know, if you want to know about my scar, you just have to ask.  So stop staring at me,” John huffs as he walks out of the kitchen.
“My brother called you, didn’t he?  From the morgue, yeah?  Did he at least wait til I was out of eyesight or was he phoning you when I was still in the corridor?”
“Care?  Care about what?”
Sherlock continues with the empty insults for a couple more minutes.  Lestrade remains silent throughout Sherlock’s tantrum, his face drenched, not in anger, but concern, and it only makes Sherlock more furious.
“Let me by, John,” Sherlock says in a too-quiet voice.  John can feel the ice freeze in Sherlock’s words.  He gives him a pitying look.
John is consuming him.
“We don’t care about anything?”  Sherlock asks, not understanding.  “But that’s not true.  I care about Mummy and Redbeard and you,” he remarks innocently.
Sherlock loves to look at all the ancient exhibits, all the skulls and bones of people who were alive thousands of years ago.  He wishes he could deduce them, wishes he could know every minute detail of their primitive lives.  What did they like to eat?  What streets did they like to walk down the most?  Did they like music?  Did they know how to read?  Who loved them most in the world?
“I’m sorry, what?”
“We don’t have to do anything…” David breathed against Sherlock’s mouth after a while.  Somehow, he’d managed to unbutton Sherlock’s shirt and get his trousers halfway off.
“NO!”
,” Sherlock exclaims, waving his hands about and looking furious.
“Oh fuck.”
“You don’t have to.”
Sherlock closes his eyes and remembers that Mycroft used to come into his room when he’d have bad dreams and trace the outlines of his face.  He remembers when he was little that he wanted to be a pirate because pirates are dangerous and funny and that meddling little Peter Pan will get what’s coming to him.  He wants to be like Captain Hook and go on adventures and have everyone answer to him.  But secretly, Captain Hook scares him and he thinks the crocodile is right in wanting to eat him.  Secretly, Sherlock wants to be with Peter and Wendy and Tiger Lily.  He wants to fit in, but he knows, even as a child, that he doesn’t.
-- tell me you love me,” he pleads.
Sometimes life has a pretty cruel way of sidelining you for ridiculous amounts of time.  Sometimes it knows just what to do to keep you from hobbies, passion projects, pasttimes, and plain old happiness.  Memento for me was just a fun thing to do in between school work and grad school and research, and it was a way to traverse my mental health issues.  I’m not a writer by any stretch of the imagination; I’ve only ever written research papers about the Roman Republic and Empire.  I don’t think I’m even all that good at it, but I like doing it and I’ve thought about finishing this project for years now.  So that’s what I’m finally doing.  My apologies to anyone, if there is anyone out there, who has been frustrated at the lack of update on my part.  And I’m sorry I feel like I’m making a bigger deal about this than I should by making this author’s note.  I just wanted to offer some sort of explanation as to why it’s been over three years since I’ve touched this fic, and why it’s important to me that I finish it.  Writing this fic, when I was actively writing it, was such a source of creativity and exploration for me, and a way to wind down from a long day of researching Persephone or Eusebius or human sacrifice in the Roman Republic (AMA, I wrote my MA dissertation on it lololol). It was there for me in between long Sherlock hiatuses and also when I was feeling depressed or lost or listless or the worst I’ve ever felt.  So I owe it to myself and this fic to finish it.  So here I go, about to finish this fic.
,” he’d reason with himself right before pushing the needle in.  Sherlock would never admit out loud it was partly because he just liked the way it made him feel.
”  Mycroft shouts in Sherlock’s mind palace.  “
have a name?”
“What?”  Sherlock snaps at him.  “Spit it out.”
Sherlock remembers Lestrade pulling him into a room with a somber, broken expression on his face.
Sometimes when Sherlock is working on a case, he’ll drink six cups of coffee a day.  John says it makes him too hyper and it’ll give him ulcers, but since he’s stopped smoking, Sherlock yells at John that he needs it.
” he says in a high pitched, affected voice and twiddling his fingers in the air, “‘
Sherlock looks up as he backs out onto the dirt road.  Irene is gone.  He never sees her again.
“I am not wired!”  Sherlock yells, cutting John off.  “I am
Sherlock snaps to, realising John has been talking for some time while he lay on the couch filtering as he catalogues various clothing fibers in his mind palace, when he hears:
Neither one of them has ever brought this up; Sherlock, because it’s too embarrassing, and Mycroft, because it’s too painful.  Sometimes, Mummy will bring it up at dinners or luncheons because she remembers it very differently from the boys.  Mummy simply remembers it as the time Sherlock fell and Mycroft took care of him.  Neither of them stops her when she tells it because they both know that it means something to her, even if they hate it.  For Mummy, it means something special remembering a time when Mycroft showed how much he loved his younger brother and Sherlock showing how much he loved his older brother by accepting that love.  But when she tells it, they both have the most strained looks on their faces, and they never comment or add to the story, even if she begs them to.  Mummy will never understands it and, the boys will never explain.
Lestrade wants to scream at Sherlock, wants to punch him and tell him he hates him, wants to arrest him right here and now and embarrass him by making his important brother have to come down to the station to get him out.  But he knows none of this will do anything but push Sherlock farther down into his addiction.  Lestrade knows he’ll have to threaten Sherlock with the loss of the one thing he cares about.  He hates to do it, but he knows it’ll be the only way to get any results.
“Then I started listening to Alice in Chains and Pearl Jam and Nirvana and Soundgarden and Stone Temple Pilots and it was just…”  Sherlock stops and looks at John.  This is the most personal Sherlock has ever been with him.  “It just helped me not feel so much like a freak.”
Lestrade realizes he’s actually fond of the younger man, so he just keeps telling himself its stress.  It isn’t….  It can’t be….
“Mhh, tell me you’ll never leave,” he begs.
The next night, Sherlock feels comfortable enough to play music he discovered as an adult.  He lays on the couch and listens to
“All right,” he says, wiping his mouth.  His body language tells Sherlock that he’s ready to cooperate with him and not poke fun at him anymore.  “Go on, then.  I promise I won’t laugh,” John tells him.  Sherlock sighs and gives in.
“Obviously didn’t make much of an impression with you, did it?”  John accuses, cutting Sherlock off.
“I know,” Sherlock whispers.  His stomach is fluttering and he feels like he did when Samantha left him, like all his insides have been shucked out and all that’s left is a shell.
“Why, Sherlock?”  Lestrade asks in a small voice.
At this, Sherlock’s face screws  up in anger and he starts saying whatever he can to cause Lestrade the most pain.
John nods.
John returns to the foot of the bed and litters open mouthed kisses up Sherlock’s thighs and hip bones.  Sherlock’s breathing is laboured and ragged and John looks up to see Sherlock’s face screwed up in concentration, obviously trying his hardest to memorise this moment but also wanting to lose himself to abandon.  John continues kissing and licking and Sherlock continues moaning and crying.
Instead, he nods, presses one last kiss to Sherlock’s neck, and finally slides off him.  He feels the mattress shift as Sherlock gets up to go to the bathroom, wincing as he does.  John hopes Sherlock won’t be sore and in pain tomorrow, but he knows he will. Sherlock returns a moment later with a warm, wet cloth and a glass of water.  He kneels on the floor next to where John is lying and gently wipes his brow and neck and then his groin. John wonders how Sherlock can be so calm and tender when he’s anything but in his everyday demeanor.  He chooses to believe it’s something reserved only for him, a hidden part of himself Sherlock only allows John to witness.
