“I am their friend.”  Cas finished for her.  Robot of the lord voice and all.
“Cas?  The Angel?”  Carl asked.
“For what ever reason, this world survived Chuck’s meddling and final wrath.  They get to live out their lives however they want to without heaven interfering and taking their agency away from them.”  He walked closer to Amara.  He saw her loneliness and knew Chuck’s defeat left an emptiness within her that nothing except her brother could ever heal.  “I know you miss him and feel closer to him among these guys, but he’s not here and our being here could disturb their lives in ways that even we can’t foresee.  We need to leave them alone.”
Sam glances over at his brother, taking in the sunlight falling on his face, his small smile, the one Sam knows in his heart is Dean’s famous ‘fake it till you make it’ smile.  But he won’t let on. He shrugs instead.  “I guess so; it feels like it.  I don’t know.”  He looks back out the window, hair blowing in the wind.  “You really believe it?  You think we’re done?”
Cas turned around in the chair to face Dean.  He smiled.  “He’s right, Dean.  He went about it the wrong way.”  He looked at Jack.  “You should have been honest.”  He turned back to Dean.  “I didn’t want the power anymore.  It was draining away before I went to the empty because I was subconsciously choosing to fall.  It scared me, but all I really wanted was to just grow old with you.  To experience real life… with you.  To make you happy.  To see you smile for a change.  All I ever wanted was for you to love me back.”
“I’d understand?  You, yourself talked me down years ago from doing something pretty damn similar.  What the hell kind of person do you think I am that you think I would be okay with this?”
And she made her decision.  There had to be a reason Chuck left this specific world intact.  “I’m God’s sister.  Long story short, He was a writer.  He created this world and many more like it.  He went off the rails because his characters wouldn’t do what he wanted.  Sadly, in the end, after he was defeated, they technically did give him the ending he wanted, afterall.”
Thanks for reading.  I hope you like it so far.  I'll update by next Tuesday.
“Sure.”  She smiled back at him.  “I have them ready right now.”  The waitress replated his order into a Styrofoam plate and poured some fresh coffee into a to go cup as well and handed it to him with a soft smile.  “Here you go honey.  Have a great day.”  He thanked her and headed out the door.
“They’re not.  They’re here for the meet and greet and some greasy food, then they are going home to do coupley things and you and I are going to gamble and drink.”  Dean declared over the top of the menu.  “I’m ready to order.”
“Yes she did.”  Jack raised his head proudly.  “But she never stopped loving me.  She never stopped wanting to protect me or giving me life.  She died for me.  She’s the strongest person I know.  Sadness, pain, trauma.  It effects all humans in different ways.  But life is always worth living, even if you have to live with the memories of those things because no matter how dark things may get, in life, there is always hope.”
“We just had a break, or did I hallucinate that trip too?”  Sam yelled back.  “And no, you don’t need my permission, but I’ve never even heard of this guy.  Like where’d he even come from?”  Sam asked a little calmer.  Really, it would be great if his brother really did just want to take a road trip to gamble or whatever, but he knows Dean and he remembers what Chuck showed him.  It made him realize, finally.  It’s always been that way.  Anytime they’d lost Cas, Dean didn’t function.  Every single thing he did was self-destructive and unhealthy.  No way in hell is this time different.  “Do I at least get to meet this guy before you take off to ‘Atlantic City’?”  Sam had the audacity to air-quote the Atlantic City part.
Jack nodded.  “Is your curiosity satisfied?”
“Don’t you think it’s a bit odd that this world is still here?  That it’s practically identical in every single way except that one ridiculously small detail changed everything entirely?”  Jack had made it clear that he hated his grandfather and really, who could blame him.  But some part of her was inexplicably drawn to this place.
“Yeah, well that is kind of the idea, buddy.”  Dean smirked into the phone.   Like, what the hell did he think the point was?  “But, if everything works out, it won’t be permanent... hopefully.”  He laughed.
Sam picked up on the first ring.  “Hey Carl.  Something happen?”
“I’m only giving Dean a way to do what it is he wants and needs to do.  Without my help, it’s impossible.”  Jack understood why Sam might think the way he was.  God power equals Chuck equals loss of free will and deception.  “I’m not like him.  I’m not writing anything.”  He hung his head.  “I just want to help.”
“Fine.  Have it your way.”  The entity snapped its fingers and stepped back, disappearing into the darkness.  “But don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
“I don’t sleep and I don’t eat.”  Cas shot back at Dean.  “I am a benefit to you, not the other way around.”  Amara’s eyes were wide in shock.  She remembered Chuck’s vitriol at the other Cas.  Telling him how every other Castiel just did what they were told.  It seemed that was true, at least in this case.
“It’s not such a small detail.”  Jack sat down next to her.  “This John Winchester was a good father.  That’s a big difference.”  If anyone knew the ramification of good and bad fathers, it was Jack.  He sometimes wondered how different his story would have been if he’d been raised by Lucifer instead of Cas and the Winchesters.  “They had a different foundation, a stronger one.  It would theoretically change everything.”
“Cas is mine.  We had a deal, now go away.”  The entity spat, shooing him with wave of his hand.
“This was always our journey, Sammy.”  He shrugged.  “We just picked up a few hitch-hikers along the way.”  He looked over at Eileen and smiled.  “We started this journey together, we’ll end it together.  But Bobby was right; family don’t end with blood.”
After Carl was through the bathroom door, Sam shook his head.  “Didn’t even warn the guy to prepare a decent lie?”  Sam rubbed his temples.  “Look, whatever.  I can’t stop you from doing whatever it is you’re doing.  Just don’t … I really…”
Dean put the sandwich down.  “Short version; I need to rescue a friend from a bad place.”
“Do I even get a choice?”  Sam knew that Jack could get whatever he wanted now.
Amara rolled her eyes.  Same sophomoric sense of humor.  “Sadly, none you’d actually appreciate.  Turns out I’m not exactly your type.”
“So why me?  We haven’t even talked in years.”
“When are you leaving?”  Sam knew he was just wasting his breath.
The minute he walked in, Dean walked straight into Sam.  “What the hell, Sam?”  He threw his bag on the ground and turned to Carl.  “Really, you ratted me out?”
“Thanks man, now I owe you one.”  Carl smiled into the phone, feeling a little lighter already.
Dean looked towards her and motioned towards the empty seat at the table.  “We’ve actually been waiting for you.  Sam was getting impatient.  He’s ready to get home.”
“Then let’s go home.”  Dean grabbed for the Angel’s hand, but Cas pulled away.  “I really wish I could… just leave with you.  But I made a deal.  The Empty kept it’s promise, now I have to keep mine.”
“The one thing that would make you happy.”  He shrugged.  “Stupid right?  I get it.  I mean, how could I make you happy?  I’m hard-headed and angry.  I eat too much junk food and I never listen.  I messed up so much and waited too damn long to tell you how important you are to me.  Go home, be a wavelength of light or whatever.”  He picked up Cas’ hand again.  “But know that you changed me too and… and I…I love you too.”
Behind the boys, Miracle suddenly stood alert and softly growled into the slowly darkening woods.  Sam and Dean jumped up to search out the impending danger.  Out from under a small bush scurried a fat racoon.  Sam laughed.  “Dude, you totally looked like you thought a wendigo was gonna jump out of there.”
“Yeah, don’t feel bad.  This is another episode of the Dean and Cas drama of always being willing to die for the other, but not considering that maybe it’s better to actually live for each other.  That is way too healthy for those two.  Don’t worry.  Me and Eileen are already at the barn.  We parked the car out of sight, so he won’t know we’re here until you guys walk in.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She was unphased.  “You’re very naïve, Castiel.”  It was both refreshing and sad at the same time to see him like that.  The boys may have been damaged in the other world, but the angel was a wreck.  She snapped her fingers and the blade disappeared from his hand.  She rose from her seat at the table and walked toward the doorway, taking one last glance back at them.  “Look, believe me, don’t believe me.  I don’t care.  As I said, I was simply curious.  I wish you all long and happy lives.  You won’t see me again.”
“So, like reincarnation?”  Eileen asked from across the table.
He put his hands on her shoulders and pulled back, smiling softly.  “Unfortunately, we can’t just find him and drag him home.   We have to fix this.  We have to find a way to get Cas back.”  He knew nothing less would fix this.  Dean, of all people, deserved his happy ending, Sam just wasn’t sure he could get it.  This should be so simple.  Just ask Jack.  Why the hell hadn’t the kid brought his father figure back?
“Hey!”  Eileen walked over and swatted him playfully.
She nodded in agreement.  “Of course.”
“It’s a deal, kid.”  Dean agreed all to quick.
“Son-of-a-bitch!  I finally got them all back to sleep!  Why are you here, boy?”  The entity, wearing the appearance of John Winchester slowly stepped out of the blackness.  “What do you want?”
“Maybe so, but thanks.  I owe you one when this is over.”
“Not so fast, boys.”
******************
Dean felt like all the air had left his brain.  “Really?”  Dean looked at the angel’s bright blue eyes, then his pink lips.  “Can I kiss you now?”
“I know, Jack.  I shouldn’t have said….”  But Jack had already disappeared.  Sam turned to Eileen, “I don’t know what to do.”
“No, you really don’t.”  Sam insisted.  “We’ll see you soon.”
Driving down the road, windows rolled down, radio turned up, Dean turns slightly to his baby brother riding shotgun.  “We’re finally here Sammy!  After everything, we made it.  We’re free.”
“Make it quick.”  The entity hollered from the back, checking its watch.
Sam grabbed his arm before he could leave.  “How do you really know Dean?”
“Maybe I will”
“Carl, what happened?  Why the sudden change?”  Sam was already panicked, but this call was making him even more anxious.
“I don’t know.”  And that was the problem.  He didn’t know.  Purgatory, Heaven, Hell, those were easier.  They had no way into the empty that he knew of.  “I assumed that Jack would have stepped in on this one, but Dean’s right.  Why hasn’t he?  I mean, maybe he can’t.”  He shrugged.  “Maybe being ‘God’ changed him and he just stopped caring.”
“For fucks sake, Sam.  I’m not five.”  He pulled his arm away from his brother.  “I’m the damn big brother here, not you.  Truth is, I’m tired.  I think you know exactly what this is about and I think that deep down, you’ve known since he was taken that I was always gonna do this.”  He put his hand on his brother’s shoulder.  “There’s no normal for me.  There’s no happy ending, no toes in the sand.  Not without Cas.  I’m begging you, let me do this.”
Jack threw his hands up in defeat.  “I didn’t.  He wanted….”  He paused, looking at Cas.  “He would have only stayed an angel to protect you, be able to heal you if you ever got hurt because he thought that was what you needed him for.”  Jack took a step forward.  “You always did that.  The rest of us knew the truth but for some reason, you’ve always been content to let him believe you want him around for his power.  Even at the very end, when it mattered the most, you told him he had to come home with you so he could heal you.  You actually said that you would die if he wouldn’t go home with you.”
Jack tried to speak, but Sam put his hand up to stop him.  “I know Cas is important to Dean.  He’s the best friend the guy ever had and they have this crazy bond.  I care about Cas too and I want him back.  I just think we should do it together and have a solid plan in place first.”
Sam turned it over in his hand.  “What the hell does he plan to do with this?”  He handed it back.
Dean shook the entity’s hand off him and stepped back.  “You think I haven’t heard all this before?  Bite me.”
Dean couldn’t argue with that.  Afterall, the kid did deserve a chance to experience the world without all the baggage.  It didn’t really sit right with him, Jack being the new God.  Everyone should get to have a childhood, even if he never did.  “So, how do we make ourselves a part of your new life?  I mean we can’t just show up one day and announce ourselves as your three dads.  That would be more than a little creepy.  Kelly won’t remember either, right?”
They’d just gotten home last night from a short trip to the beach.  While they couldn’t make it all the way to Hawaii (they would get there eventually), Myrtle Beach in South Carolina wasn’t too bad.  It was a two-day drive both ways, but it was worth it to see Cas see and feel all of it for the first time as a human… with Dean by his side.
Three months later Eileen, Jody, Donna, Charlie, and the girls threw Kelly a traditional baby shower complete with silly games, presents, and lots of food.  Sam, Dean and Cas all kept their promise to be a part of Jack’s life.
“Expelled back out into a burnt-out body?”  Sam questioned with a raised eyebrow.  Yeah, he was skeptical.
Dean shook his head and stepped back.  “Sammy, we agreed that you’d let me do this.”
Cas nodded.  “Of course, Dean.  I’ll come with you.”  Cas reached out for Dean and took his hand.  “Let’s go.”
Cas laughed.  “Dean Winchester, you are an idiot.  You are my only home.”
“Yes, you did.  But, the only reason he knows differently now is because I wouldn’t let him leave with his powers.”
…”Yeah man, I got it, but no one knows for sure that its gonna work the way you want it to.”  The voice on the phone answered.  “As a matter of fact, the general consensus is that it will probably kill you.”
“Dude, do you really think our Dad took us on a real vacation?”  He looked over at his brother with a raised eyebrow.
Life wasn’t perfect or normal by any means.  The four of them supported other hunters mostly from the safety of the bunker.  Eileen snuck out sometimes to hunt on her own and that drove Sam crazy.  Dean still had occasional nightmares and many, many bouts of emotional constipation, but Cas and Miracle were always there to help him through it.  Cas had trouble every now and again adjusting to humanity and all the preposterous things it entailed, like not being able to lift heavy things to impress Dean and needing reading glasses.  They’d occasionally pick up cases if other hunters weren’t available and lives were in danger.  The bumps and bruises took longer to heal and digging up graves, well that was torture.  Cas especially disliked not being able to heal those bumps and bruises.  Family game night became a monthly reunion with the entire extended family.  Even Garth brought his entire family over a few times a year.  No, life wasn’t perfect or normal, but it was their life and it was good.
“Bite me, Cas.  You know I’m a joy to be around.”
“Why Thursday?”
They pulled up to their campsite shortly before dusk.  “You know, this is nice.  Doing normal stuff.  I never thought I’d get you, of all people, to do something like this and I quote ‘Only hippies sleep in the woods, Sammy’.”  Sam mockingly laughed at his brother.
“We met in Vegas about ten or so years ago.  We kept in touch a little over the years.”  Carl finally supplied after the silence had lasted too long.  “Dean said you were doing ‘some hippy thing’ or something.”  Technically it was true.  “I don’t know nothing about any hunting.  Just gambling and beer.  Yup.”  He elbowed Dean to leave the booth.  “I gotta pee.  Get up”
Sam shrugged “Yeah, you’re probably right.  Doesn’t sound like him at all.”
Dean sighed, yeah, he should probably come clean, but not yet.  Not until he had to.  “Man, I’ll tell you what I can when we meet up Thursday.”
The five days they’d spent there were a little chilly, but that was just a good excuse to throw his arm around the dude’s shoulders.  Yeah, maybe they should have waited till at least spring, but there was so much he wanted to show Cas and share with him.  They’d ditched Eileen and Sam the first night there so Dean could take Cas on a moon-lit walk on the beach, a blanket wrapped around their shoulders.  Cas seemed so happy.  They shared beach food and watched the seagulls steal hot dogs from elderly people and kids.  Seeing Cas laugh was the best thing ever.
Dean called the waitress over and the table gave their orders.  “So, how did you two meet?”  Sam asked after the waitress had left.  “I mean, no offense, but with all the crap that’s gone down lately, I didn’t think there were any hunters left that I didn’t know.”
She gave Sam a confused look.  “You don’t live here?”
“Jesus Christ Dean.  That’s it?  I’m here because you assume that I don’t care enough to not let you “essentially” die?”  Why did everyone love air quotes so damn much?
Castiel rolled his eyes and Sam shook his head.  “Dean, we’ve talked about this.  There are things you shouldn’t…”
Dean pulled a tent pole out of a nylon bag and began feeding it through the tent.  “Look, just because I got a dog and agreed to join you on this granola munching hippifest does not mean that I suddenly wanna bust out the Celine Dion or sing Kumbaya around the campfire.”
“No, I have a wife and two kids.  I live in California.  I just came to visit.”  He tossed bitch-face number 35 at Dean.  “And I got suckered into coming on the ghoul hunt.”
“Don’t worry, Sammy.  Hunters are an easy sell.”  Dean laughed as he grabbed his jacket off the back of the chair, grabbed his keys, and headed out.
Chapter 6
Give me Cas!”
Dean’s eye roll was epic.  “I don’t want him involved in this… at all.  He’s out.  You and me are the only ones that can be involved in this.  We sell it as a trip to Atlantic City… Guys night out.  Clear?”
“You never have to ask, Dean.”  Cas moved forward and placed a chaste kiss to Dean’s lips.  Dean smiled into it and deepened the kiss, forgetting they had an audience.
“But I’m not normal.  None of us are normal.”  He laughed.  “Even Eileen’s been dead and to hell and brought back with a spell.”
“Yes, and I would like some beer.  It’ll be a while before I can have any after this.”  The kid answered with a grin.
“Thursday morning.  We planned on meeting up at Danny’s Diner for breakfast.  You and Eileen could come along, grab some breakfast with us before we go.”  He turned to leave but stopped.  “Just, leave the shotgun at home.  He’s a decent dude.”  With that he walked away to pack and tell Miracle to be a good boy for his Uncle Sammy.
“Vacation-y.”  Dean mumbled and placed his card face down on the table.  After rescuing Cas, or as he found out later from Sam, being used by Jack to rescue Cas, he didn’t relish being anywhere near the kid.  He grabbed his open beer bottle and stood up from the table.  As he walked past Cas, he patted his shoulder and placed a quick kiss on the top of his head.  “I’ll be in our room.  Come get me when he leaves.”
“I’m not here to stop you.  Really, I’m not.  I get that you need to do this.  We’re just here to help.  Man, we’re here to help even if we can’t get him back.  You have us.  You have a reason to come back.  It doesn’t seem like you care enough about coming back.”
“Well, bottoms up then.”  Dean uncapped the vial took one las took at and swallowed it down like a shot of whiskey.  The pain was immediately excruciating, erupting in a bright white light, then total blackness.
Dean took a step closer to jack.  “You think that’s all I’m mad about?  Buddy, maybe you’re the one who should take a seat.”  Dean pointed to the empty chair and moved back around to stand behind Cas.  “You made him choose.  Why?  Because you didn’t trust him not to interfere?”  I don’t get it.  What could we possibly do for you?”
“Fine.”  Carl knew there was no point in arguing any further.  “So, what got him?”
“Stand down guys.”  She put her hands up in a gesture of surrender and casually leaned against the table.  “My name’s Amara.  I’m not here to be a problem.  I was simply curious.”  They all looked the same as she remembered.  Cas in the same tacky trench coat, Sam and Dean both wearing jeans and flannel.  Sam’s hair still shoulder length…  Dean with his freckles and gorgeous eyelashes…  Her brother was nothing if not consistent.
1111111111111111
“No Sam.  It’s not like that.  It’s just that I know things now that I didn’t before, and I owe all three of you.  The whole world owes you.  I owe Dean.  I have a plan.”
Chapter 4
“Wow, this is nostalgic.”  Amara walked around the war room running her hand over the silky-smooth tabletop, a barely noticeable smile on her face.  The room was well lit and more ‘homey’ than the bunker she’d visited years ago.  The chairs were cushioned, and the lamps looked more like something out of an Ikea catalog than the stark, business-like coldness of the ones in the other bunker.  There was a colorful area rug covering the cold, sterile concrete floor that somehow managed to coordinate with the chairs and lamps.  The outdated control panels had been replaced with more modern, up to date workstations and Overall, it looked more like a home and less like a cold war bomb shelter.
He pulled back with a smirk.  “We met in hell, might as well have or first kiss in the empty, right?”  He looked up at Jack.  “Can we go home now?”
"Dean. Why are you on the floor?" His face went a deep shade of red that he tried miserably to hide before turning to Castiel, looking embarrassed.
"Cas!" It was then that his resolve gave out, and he lifted the small fledgling out of the playpen, holding him close to his chest. Small hands grabbed the lapels of his trenchcoat and tried to push itself further into Castiel's chest, small wings trying their hardest to wrap themselves around the older angel. A smile crossed his lips, for the first time since he could recall, and he pressed his face into the fledgling's hair.
Dean asked countless questions about being an angel, and whilst Castiel tried his hardest to answer them, the answers were always slightly vague, always not quite answering so Dean wouldn't want to be an angel all the time. Castiel could see Dean getting more annoyed with it the more questions were asked, glimpses of his normal self beginning to shine through the spell the witch had cast. It managed to last a few hours until Dean finally snapped, a longer moment of normality shining through the weird of the past couple of days - even if four year old Dean couldn't pronounce all his words properly.
He freezes at the voice, not daring to turn to face it as he begins to tremble. He doesn’t register Dean running to him, sliding on his knees to a stop in front of him, doesn’t hear the words he can see are coming from his mouth. He can only whine in response, all but collapsing in to Dean’s arms as he looks around for the reason behind Castiel’s sudden shift in demeanour. He glowers as he spots the woman in the business suit stalking towards them, holding Castiel tighter as another whimper escapes him and his trembling intensifies. The pure terror that radiates off Castiel makes Dean shudder, although he isn’t entirely sure that the cold feeling he gets from the woman helps, something about her making his skin crawl in a way that feels familiar but he can’t immediately place.
"... I know you're awake, y'know." Castiel tensed, holding his breath, not daring to open his eyes. He was safe if he kept his eyes shut, couldn't see whoever was going to give him back to Naomi, couldn't fall for one of her tricks. He hadn't realised that he was panicking until the hand tentatively starting stroking his fur, trying to calm him down.
"I don't know why you do this to yourself. You should know better by now." Castiel whimpered again, and the cold demeanor threatened to slip.
Dean barely has time to blink before Castiel’s eyes light up with grace, throwing his blade up and over the flames, just about registering the scream and flash of green that accompanies it before he copies the action. More screams and more green flashes follow, Sam scrambling away from the witch as her attention is ripped away from him and redirected towards his brother and the angel. He just about hears her growl as she stalks towards the rest of her coven, using her distraction to triple check that his gun is loaded properly and ready to fire. He doesn’t hesitate as he fires, catching at least two of the witches before a blue glow to his left stops him in his tracks. It intensifies as he tries to look at it, shielding his eyes as it fills the room - he barely hears his gun clatter to the floor over the screams of the coven before the glow disappears just as quickly as it appeared. Sam also just about hears a ‘pop’ before he dares to move his arm away from his eyes, blinking away spots to clear his vision. A sickly green dust now covers the floor, no other sign of the coven anywhere in the immediate vicinity. Sam blinks again as he turns to Dean and Castiel, both of them with arms extended in the direction the witches
“It’s the day I rescued you from Hell.” It’s said in such a matter-of-fact tone that Dean’s brain briefly short circuits, gaping uselessly at the former angel opposite as he takes another drink - as though he’s just told the hunter the weather for today rather than reminding him of one of the most painful experiences in his life.
Castiel stopped, slowly lifting his head off Dean’s chest to make sure he hadn’t stopped breathing, blinking slowly as green eyes lifted to meet blue.
an entire coven?” The disbelief is also clear in Sam’s voice as his eyebrows inch higher in to his hairline.
“I'll stay here.” Castiel paused, taking a deep breath as he tried to calm himself down. “Just... Hurry. There are some things I need to tell you that are better off said in person.”
“I-” Dean turned away, coughing as he cleared his throat. “I’m good. I’ll give you a nudge if I need anything?”
“I'm okay, Cas. Better than okay.” He cleared his throat, staring at their intertwined hands again. “Do you remember what I said when I was shrunk? 'Cause I meant it then, and I still mean it now, Cas.”
He stills, whole body going rigid underneath the angel as his orgasm is allowed to wash over him; full body shudder following as he spills over the angel’s hand and onto the bed underneath him. The clean-up takes less than a second as Castiel’s eyes briefly flash with grace, lifting himself up and removing his hand before settling himself back down to the side of Dean, pulling him close, nuzzling into his neck as the hunter lets out a long breath, followed by a yawn.
“I know it’s really damn powerful - I mean, you don’t have to be an Empath to feel how the magic is rolling off it.” He paused, peering over the back of the sofa towards Castiel who was leaning on the doorframe. “You
“Do you think if we ask nicely they’d whisper a little quieter? Some of us are still trying to sleep.” Dean feels the words more than he hears them, the former angel’s voice still thick with sleep as the vibrations run across his ribcage, earning another chuckle before he presses a kiss to the top of Castiel’s head.
“Yeah, he had help.”
“Well… Shit.” Weariness washed over him, arms staying stubbornly at his sides as he fell forwards to the floor, consciousness slipping away from him before he knew if he’d hit it or not.
“Ye- Oh,
be better… It took me by surprise is all. I never would have thought about it the way you have - when you put it out there plainly, it makes sense. Keep it.”
“I don’t care - I meant every word of it.” Dean’s blush somehow gets darker, eyes briefly opening as he gives Castiel a soft smile. He leans more in to the touch, Castiel’s thumb ghosting over the nearest cluster of freckles before inching closer to the Empath.
“... Sam’s never gonna believe this. Me, bonded. Me.” Dean laughs again as he swings his arms around Castiel’s shoulders, catching the Familiar by surprise. “I am damn glad you’re not an asshole, cause that would really suck.”
“I know you have questions, but leave them for now. We can go through everything later.”
“If it doesn’t burn, it’s not coffee.” Dean brought the mug to his lips, sighing as the first sip graced his tongue. “Also - not coffee when you add any of that other fancy shit to it either. That is the hill I am willing to die on.” Castiel laughed again, shaking his head before taking another sip of his own, turning his back to the window as he leant against the countertop. He smiled as he watched Dean take another mouthful, enjoying the way his eyes closed as he savoured the flavours and the way the mug lingered against his lips for a brief second. He could feel the blush cross his cheeks as Dean met his gaze, winking before pulling the mug away from his face.
back there?”
“I… It just makes me so
Dean feels the guilt before Castiel moves to look guilty, stopping him from looking at the floor.
“... We did that?”
“Dean?” He whips around again at the sound of his name, crashing forwards in to Castiel as the angel stands there in confusion.
?” Dean wiped at his eyes again, Castiel creeping closer while he couldn’t see the familiar approach. He nudged Dean’s hands away from his face, licking away errant tears that slowly rolled down his face, ignoring personal space to sit squarely on his lap.
“Does he know that I’m the one you called him about when you hit me with your car?”
“I’m here, Dean. I.. I don’t entirely know how, but I’m here.” Castiel’s words are equally whispered, leaning more in to Dean’s touch the longer his hand lingers there.
“What?” Castiel tilted his head in confusion before realising what Dean meant, springing away from the Empath as he understood. “Oh! Shit, uh… Hang on.” He took a deep breath, concentrating on the fire going out before looking back at Dean for the all-clear.
Dean’s tears spilt over then, looking towards the ceiling so any errant ones didn’t drip in to the warding herbs that had been abandoned. Castiel sat, allowing Dean the time to process what had been said, keeping close to provide comfort if it was wanted.
! I am not
“Cas… I- I need more.
, Cas. I’ll do anything.
“You didn't ask the first time. And you can have it back when you've answered me.” The fury that had taken a back seat was now taking centre stage in Castiel's eyes, a small amount of grace making it more obvious. “Staring at this isn't gonna magically bring Dean back, no matter how much you want it to. We have to go and look for him, and I think that warehouse might be the best place to start. Do you agree, or not?” Castiel only glowered, his eyes never leaving the feather that Sam was childishly holding above his head. The grace did leave his eyes however, and Sam cautiously lowered his arm.
He rolled his eyes, but was unable to keep the smile off his face.
“Oh?” Breakfast is long gone from Dean’s mind at the admission, pushing his plate to one side with only the tiniest of guilty pangs at the thought of wasted food. “Go on.”
“Not yet. He does know about you though, just not that you’re who I’m bonded to. He thinks you’re bunking here, or something along those lines.” Dean shrugs, turning his attention back to the water on the stove. “Technically, he’s not wrong.”
“It’s perfect, Cas. Couldn’t be any more you if it tried.” Castiel takes a step back as he admires his handiwork; smile getting brighter as Dean sidles next to him, slipping an arm around his waist to pull him closer. He places a gentle kiss on the former angel’s temple before looking again at the calendar, spare hand working its way into his pocket as he lets the pure domesticity of the situation wash over him.
“Dean…? Dean!” The word didn’t get through, the hunter clenching his fists at his sides as he takes deep breaths to try and calm himself down. The grace leaves his eyes first, feathers still trembling as he unclenches his fists and lets out a steady breath.
“Bobby… That’s not an answer. Who helped him?”
“Okay. Lead on.”
Castiel sighed and shook his head, not getting more than ten steps before doubling over, gritting his teeth in pain. He pulled the trenchcoat further around himself, trying to stop the pain spreading from his shoulders to anywhere else, a small grunt escaping him. Sam had knelt down beside him at some point, and Castiel was beginning to think that the concerned look had never really left his face at all since he had arrived.
“Shitty parenting makes you doubt yourself sometimes. I’m still un-learning some stuff, but I’m better than I was.” Castiel jumps as Dean claps, rubbing his hands together before shoving them in to his pockets. “But enough of that. We’re here to see how you’re doing with your ankle, so that’s what we’re gonna do. I want to see you running, maybe if you change direction kinda quickly - if you feel comfortable doing that - so I can see how it fares doing something else.” Castiel nods, leaving Dean in the shade of the tree as he starts a loop of the park, letting himself get lost as he follows his feet. He relishes the feeling of the wind in his fur, the rhythmic sound of his feet hitting dirt, the dizzying feeling he gets as he makes abrupt turns. It’s the most free he has ever felt, running for pleasure rather than escape, not having to worry about how much distance he’s putting between himself and-
“Oh. Apologies.” Castiel brought his arms up, wrapping them around Dean’s middle as he let himself sink in to the feeling. “This is nice.” Dean laughed, pulling away as he moved his hands to Castiel’s shoulders, hissing and dropping his left arm when it came up too high. He pulled the tattered remains of his sleeve to one side, eyes going wide again at the branded handprint before looking back at Castiel.
“... How… What-”
Dean didn't need to be told twice once the idea for less clothes left Castiel's mouth. He licked his lips hungrily as the tie was quickly taken off and thrown elsewhere in the room, eyes raking down the shirt as Dean wrestled with the idea of slowly opening each button or ripping the offending piece of fabric off the angel above him. Castiel took the choice away from him, opting to lift it above his head and throw it vaguely in the direction of where the tie had landed. Dean couldn't stop his hands ghosting over Castiel's sides, drinking in the sight above him, dragging a thumb slowly over an exposed nipple and causing Castiel to moan. A grin worked its way across Dean's face as he did it again, and again, before switching it to the other nipple to see if the reaction was the same. Castiel had dropped his forehead to Dean's, eyes closed and revelling in the sensation.
“I learnt that from the pizza man.”
“How are we gonna get him out? It’s gonna be nearly impossible to carry him like this, and the… The…
He lets out a measured breath, Castiel looking up just as the flicker of anger leaves his face.
Dean snorts, turning away from Castiel to cover his mouth as the giggle develops in to a full blown laugh. Castiel can only tilt his head in confusion, trying to catch Dean’s attention as tears stream down his face for a different reason.
Shout at me on
Castiel woke the next morning with the feeling of something tickling his nostrils, a soft feeling that felt familiar but he couldn't place it. He also felt an absence, sitting up quickly and nearly flinging Dean off his chest, who wasn't actually sat on him at all. Castiel stared at him, eyes wide with shock at the sight he was seeing, and Dean didn't seem to notice.
“I… Dean…” Castiel drops his hand from Dean’s arm, the flames losing most of their intensity as he takes a step back. “I…”
“Dean, I need to hear you say it before we can continue.”
"I can feel that guilt from here buddy." The pity briefly turned to puzzled. "How does a dog even feel that much guilt anyway?" Castiel growled, angry enough to bare his teeth at the stranger. He held his hands up in defence, moving away a few more inches before Castiel stopped. He surprised himself at how animalistic he was being, putting it down to a mix of stress, fear and pain, topped off with being in an environment he didn't recognise. He huffed in annoyance, putting his head down on his paws and blinking slowly.
The air outside is crisp, the breeze playing havoc with leaves that have fallen from trees; Castiel can’t help but stare in wonder at the myriad of colours that is being offered to him. He doesn’t notice that Dean has ended up further ahead of him, the colours and new smells capturing all his attention. He’s seen outside before, through windows and briefly through open doors whenever Naomi had visitors to the house - but this is something else entirely to him. He also can’t help his instincts as his nose is all but dragged to the ground, barely paying attention to where he’s going as the environment threatens to overwhelm him. He barely registers that someone is shouting for him either, only as Dean drops back in to his field of vision does he realise his attention is wanted elsewhere.
“That’s no longer any of your concern. Now…” Another step was taken, flames still surrounding his body as he approached where she had stopped. “
“I… I understand, Dean.” Sam made a fake gagging noise, earning him glares from both Dean and Castiel as both their wings settled.
"There's nothing wrong with them Cas. They're... They're amazing, actually." Castiel squinted when they opened out more in response to the complement, and Dean laughed. "Seems they know it more than you do." Dean felt his own open, turning quickly to see what the hell they were doing, catching Castiel's open wing with his and feeling a jolt like electricity pass between them. He jumped away, confusion covering his face as Castiel went almost as red as Dean had earlier.
“Course I will. Promise.” Dean ruffled the fur between Castiel’s ears before standing, knees popping in protest. “But for now, I need to get back to those herbs, and I need you on two feet, not four. Sam’s due to be here any minute, I don’t want to get an ear-lashing just ‘cause we’re a little behind.” A hiss from the kitchen had Dean whipping around, dropping the book back on the sofa before running to find the pot boiling over, happily bubbling away to itself.
. There’s a nullifying quality in a few of these that makes certain types of magic just… Stop working.”
“Smells good.”
“Hey, Cas...” Dean looked up from their hands, straight into inquisitive blue that caused a slight blush to cross his cheeks. “I've, um, been thinking. What if... Um...” Castiel squeezed his hand for reassurance and smiled.
“If these witches are powerful enough to cast a spell that can pull my wings here, what else are they capable of? We need to be more careful with how we go from here.” A pit was forming in Castiel's stomach, the urgency to find Dean growing. He wanted to be away from this place, somewhere safe, somewhere no-one could lay their hands on either of them again. He squared his shoulders, wings rising slightly as he made his decision.
“I’m trying to get you to open this wing so I can look at it properly, but you’re holding it that tightly against yourself… You’re not making it easy.” He presses on Dean’s shoulder blade again, focusing his attention closer to where the wing meets the hunter’s back as he slowly increases the pressure. The injured wing twitches before opening out; Dean’s cry turning into a growl as the sharp pain subdues enough to turn into a dull throbbing sensation.
The trembling continues as she pushes a hand out towards Castiel’s throat, eyes betraying how deeply the anger she feels is underneath the controlled trembling. He lets the feeling wash over him as his voice settles back in place, clearing his throat a few times just for good measure.
“Unless you’d rather vomit again?” Castiel gave him an inquisitive look as Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, taking in a deep breath.
“It may be better if you go first. The words aren’t exactly wards, but they will cause us less harm if a human passes through first and breaks the barrier.” Sam squints at the door in all its plain glory, shrugging as he moves to push it open with the barrel of his gun. Nothing screams out at him as out of place, motioning for Dean and Castiel to follow as he holds the door open. He furrows his brow in confusion as they both visibly pale as they pass him, looking back at the door again with curiosity as it silently closes behind them.
I need to learn about having wings.”
“Well. That’d ruin the surprise now, wouldn’t it?”
out of it, but the way Castiel solemnly nods lets Dean know that it should and will get discussed. He sighs as he stretches, keeping one hand on Castiel’s side as they exit the park, one eye firmly trained on the Familiar to make sure he doesn’t leave his side.
"Can I see them? Wait, I won't get an ouch from seeing like Pam did, Cas?" Castiel laughed gently to himself, shaking his head in the process.
“Yup!” Castiel shakes his head as he turns to the hunter, shaking out his wings to get the coating of green dust off them.
"S-Sir or master?", Cas repeated, clawing desperately at his suit. The man looked barely older than Cas but he still wanted to be called Sir. Dean looked up from his bag and stalked back to him. "Did I speak unclear?", he asked with an harsh undertone that made Cas flinch. "N-No", Cas quickly shook his but Dean just continued to stare at him, "No, S-Sir."
"I'm glad to share these intimate moments with you."
Cas stared at him in utter shock, the blue eyes wide open and looking right at him. Dean breathed heavy, letting Cas go but supporting himself with his hands beside Cas' head on the car. "I have lost enough people I love, Cas. Don't add yourself to that list", Dean said finally, calmer and more quiet than before.
Cas was the one to come first all over the two of them, struggled a bit to continue the pace but tried his best so Dean could come too. And he did after just a few thrusts, pressing Cas as close to him as possible, kissing the tired angel senseless.
He froze when the door suddenly opened and Dean walked back in with the bag in his hands.
Dean's eyes went wide, "excuse me?"
"And that's why you panicked when I asked you why you were doing it", Dean concluded and nodded, huffed amused.
"Me?", Cas repeated disbelieving, "Dean, I'm already an angel of the lord. I don't need to dress up to prove it."
Dean of course realised that to, stroking over his sides with his free hands, gaze continually at Cas' twisted face, "you with me, sweetheart?", he purred softly. Cas only whimpered, not being able to respond correctly. Dean pinched his side, got a twitch in return but nothing else.
"That's unfortunate", Cas muttered, sounding actually disappointed, "I was very curious of the sensation."
The first tug was gentle, Dean squinted his eyes and mumbled something, still half asleep so he didn't think much about it.
"For sex, Cassie."
He didn't have daddy issues. He wasn't a people pleaser. He definitely didn't have to get laid again.
"Dude."
Dean pressed his lips into a thin line and seemed to be struggling not to curse. "Driving me insane", was all Cas could figure out and his chest swelled in pride a bit to be honest.
"Yes, Sir", Cas answered, Dean's voice belonged to one of his favourite sounds from now on. "Such a good boy", Dean praised him like he did before, "the best even. The best I've ever had. You gonna let me play with you for a bit?"
"Where are we?"
Dean hummed in agreement, still felt Cas' Crotch but tried not to think about it too much.
He gulped heavily and clenched harder onto the keys in his hand, "I-I'm sorry", he apologised uncertain, "I uh... ah..."
“Look, I hate doing this, but I just can’t.  He’s a mess about this angel thing and I need you to step in.”
“Amara, what are you doing?”  She didn’t need to look up to know that Jack was standing there, more than likely judging her for being here in the first place.  The kid had a good heart, but he was so young.  He just didn’t get it.  She wrapped her arms around herself as if cold and stared into the distance.
“You helped?”  That’s the same damn line Chuck used on me with Eileen.”  Sam stopped talking abruptly and stood up, frowning at Jack.  “Absolute power corrupts absolutely?”
“Nice.”  Dean completely approved.  He looked the brunette woman up and down before finally tucking his gun back in into its holster.  “What other tricks can you do, sweetheart?”
As if he could read minds, Jack smiled sadly at Sam.  “Because Dean isn’t ready to involve you in this.  He wants you to enjoy your freedom and be normal for a change.  Like you always wanted.”
“You had about a 107-degree fever, saying all sorts of crazy stuff.  The donkey story was great though, Sam.”  Dean tossed a piece of his jerky to Miracle in the back seat.  “Really, you should write that crap down.”
The man laughed at that, finally relaxing his stiff posture.  Light brown eyes shining with amusement.  “Well, I didn’t expect that.”  He held his hand out to Eileen first, “Its nice to meet you ma’am”.  Eileen shook his hand then told him the same while signing.  Carl smiled and greeted Sam the Sam way, except instead of shaking his hand, he signed as well.
Dean cradled Cas’ face and stared into blue eyes that held his whole world.  “I do.  I do, Cas and I’m so sorry it took me so long to tell you.”
Jack tried to put a hand on Sam’s shoulder, but Sam took a step back.  Jack exhaled and nodded.  ”All we really have in this world is hope, Sam.  Without at least giving him this chance, there is absolutely no hope.  I am begging you to trust me, like you did before.  Please.”
“There’re are no buts, Cas.  All he had to do was be honest.  I would have done whatever he wanted to get you back.”  He looked Jack dead in the eyes.  “But he chose to be deceitful and play games instead.  That’s not okay.”
“You’re going where?  With who?”  Sam threw his fork down and stared at his brother.  “Why have I never heard of this guy?”
Yeah, it was a bitch move, but so was Dean going off on his own.  Chuck set all this in motion.  Even after he’d been defeated the mess he made of their lives just kept unraveling.  Dean had been devastated when he found out.  He believed Cas was just another pawn in Chuck’s stupid game and Sam knew it broke Dean’s heart a little.  Yeah, he knew exactly how that felt.  Truth be told, when he found out that Eileen was Chuck’s plant, it hurt.  But he knew in his heart that having her back in his life may have been Chuck’s doing, the feelings were very real.  Apparently, Cas was the most real thing in Dean’s life.  The one person who chose Dean entirely of his own free will.  Dean didn’t deserve to lose that.  “Look man, you seem like a good guy and a good friend.  And you’re right, Dean isn’t thinking straight.  Lets just change the plan a little by all sticking together to make sure no one gets dead.”
"Two of my brothers betrayed me", Cas replied in a shaking voice, "I was able to kill one of them before I crashed here."
The second time was a few weeks later and a pure mistake. Dean swears.
Sam cleared his throat, "should I uhm...", he hesitated for a second, "should I get a second room for tonight?"
"I'm uh-", Cas continued to stutter when they entered his apartment and the man closed the door behind him, "there must have been a mistake-", he stopped talking when the man just walked right up to him, a straight pose and a strict expression.
"Cas", Dean sighed at that, shuddered at the sudden coldness, "I thought you finally understood the exiting feeling of undressing each other slowly? No zip-zapping the clothes away." Cas just groaned frustrated, the head fell in his neck, "yes I understand the feeling of purposely dragging out the sexual intercourse to increase the desire."
"I feel good", Cas said honest, closing his eyes to focus on Dean's hand, "haven't felt that good in a long time. Wanna feel like that again. Like before."
"I know, Cas, I just-"
Dean chuckled and let his thumb roll over the tip, making Cas hum in appreciation, "we only just started Cas, you gotta wait a bit for the real pleasure."
"Cas-", Dean tried but the other vanished not a second later, his hand falling back down.
"oh I know", Sam snorted and realized it may have been a little to obvious, because Dean suddenly sat up and looked over Cas to his brother. "What's that supposed to mean, huh?", Dean asked dead-serious. "Nothing", Sam muttered, "its just that you guys really get along lately. Its obvious that he really seems to like you."
The blanket rustled again.
Dean hesitated too when he saw Cas' frightened look and the watery eyes, the bag fell to the ground. "Castiel?", Dean asked worried and hurried back to the boy, untying him, "I'm sorry, I should have told you where I was going. Did you hurt yourself?"
Dean watched him being teased for another moment, before deciding to slide closer, Cas immediately gripped his flannel shirt as if he was afraid that Dean would leave anytime soon.
Cas whined quietly and clenched his hands to fists to resist the urge to touch himself. Dean's gonna take care of him, he's not gonna leave and he's gonna make him feel good.
Cas blinked in utter confusion, his mouth opened but fell close again while Dean freed him and inspected his reddish wrists. "Nothing serious", Dean informed him, "I should have known that it would be too much. You were feeling quite nervous ever since I tied your wrists."
He wasn't even sure what they were currently, they had kissed and had intercourse for a few times, he was also pretty sure that Dean was jealous of that diner waitress that gave Cas her number a couple of weeks ago.
Cas' calmness seemed to affect Dean to because his shoulders weren't as tense as before. "Okay so... I found these things in like a consume box or something. Please just at least consider it when you see it, alright?" Cas just squinted at that and waited for the next move. Dean gulped one last time and pulled to things out of the bag.
"I know, you told me already-"
"You have such a nice body, angel", Dean continued to talk, stroking him slowly, "such a pretty face, pretty nipples, so flushed from being used. Just like you, huh? Flushed from being used?"
"Intrigued, huh? Can't blame you, I'd be intrigued too if I would have to work with a handsome man like me."
"Dean", Cas brought him back to reality, "can we just get to the sexual intercourse so I can put the clothings off again?"
Cas bit his lips, "mmhhm."
"Cas?!", Dean hissed as he recognised that deep voice and the pretty eyes, "dude, what the hell?", he rubbed his eyes, the gun back under his pillow, "the creepy staring while I sleep is one thing but touching me while I sleep is a whole new level, dude. Were you trying to wake me up?"
He gasped when Dean lightly bit one of his nipples, his dick twitched in interest, "please", he whispered. "It's alright", Dean soothed him, hand hovering over Cas' bulge in his boxers, "I'm gonna make you feel good, just take what I give you."
"Well you could", Dean answered, trying to ignore the weirdness of their situation, "or you take a cold shower or you... take care of it."
Dean just stared at him for a moment, Sam thought that he might start to trow a shoe at him or something but instead he just turned off the light and lay down with the back to Sam and Cas. Sam sighed but didn't push him and just went to bed too.
Cas tried to hold back a frustrated scream and just closed the door aggressively before going back to his laptop.
"Thanks", Cas said, didn't catch up on Dean's sarcasm, "Dean?"
Cas looked at him weird, tilted his head and squinted his eyes, "to seduce you and initiate sexual intercourse kn different situations with you?" Dean promptly chocked on his own spit and coughed.
"Dumbass", Dean muttered and dragged him back in for another kiss, "you can stay with us for a bit. Your search for god can wait like one day right? Come with us in the morning. We could get some private time in the next motel."
"Perfect", Dean cleared his throat, "you should maybe turn of the Tv, Cas."
"Cas you are on top of me, you have to do something", Dean laughed and nudged him softly, heard the dramatic sigh but still felt the shift when Cas began to carefully started bouncing on him.
"You wear glasses?", Dean asked out of the blue, Cas hesitated confused before nodding. "Yeah", he answered and cleared his throat because his voice sounded way to rough, "only for reading or when I'm on my laptop", he added which was probably the most he had talked during their 'meeting' so far.
"Fuck, your so damn warm", Dean groaned and closed his eyes at the pleasure almost knocked the wings off but quickly fixed them again. "Shut up and do something already", Cas answered impatient, face still consistently in Dean's face.
"Dean", Cas panted and dear lord he was hard. "Fuck", Dean cursed under his breath, "Cas, please let me kiss you, I swear I'm gonna-", Dean was interrupted by Cas pressing their lips harshly together, making both of them moan in relief.
Cas seemed unsure for a second but still fell into kiss, "yeah, I can do that", he agreed in the end after they had to catch their breaths again. "Perfect", Dean muttered, smiling, wrapping his arms around Cas and pulling him right on top of Dean. The angel gasp in shock at first but quickly turned it into a light chuckle, enjoying the view from up here, "what are you doing, Dean?"
"I'll just need a moment", Cas finally answered, eyes already closed and everyone knew that it would be more than a moment. Bobby quickly went to ward his house against angels with the sigils that Cas once used. After Sam took care of most of the wounds, he brought the kit back in the kitchen and left the two boys alone.
Cas slowly removed his face from Dean's neck and sat straight up. The hunter could finally see him completely and most importantly the wings and halo that look so good on him, especially now when he was naked and bouncing on his cock.
But Cas practically challenged him in saying that he barely could get drunk, so Dean got every high-poof alcohol he had -which wa quite a lot actually, Dean really had a problem- and made Cas ex the bottles while drinking some himself.
"It confused me the first times", Cas confessed, licking his lips as Dean did it again, pressing the taller one closer, "until I learned that it was a sexual feeling. It is quite addicting."
"Dean-"
"Now?", Dean answered surprised, "dude, you may have some strange angel stamina but I don't. Gimme a break buddy. We don't have much time till Sam and I have to hit the road again too so I guess we gotta reschedule round two."
So Cas decided to tone it down and just wait until Dean would initiate 'the next step' whatever that would be.
Dean behind him hummed, seemed to understand Cas'arousal due to the spanking. "Thought so", he heard Dean mutter to himself and promptly turned bright re from embarrassment. Excuse you? He thought so?! Unbelievable. Cas gulped and flinched as his trouser were pulled off his legs and exposed his blue boxers.
After the fourth one Cas started to giggle without any occasion, leaning back more. Dean couldn't contain his own laughter at that, watching Cas fascinated at his relaxed impression.
"So it didn't work?", Cas asked, almost sounding disappointed. "Cas", Dean sighed and sat up, the blanket fell from his chest into his lap, "to make it pleasurable you need to set up a certain mood. It's a difference if you pull someone's hair while they sleep or if you do it while you fuck, got it?"
"Just do it", Dean grumbled and Cas obeyed even though he didn't seem too happy about it. Dean breathed out relieved, felt less observed with Cas' gaze all over him. His hand gripped Cas' boxer and slowly slid it down. Cas' hand immediately searched for support and clenched onto Dean's shirt.
"I read about different ways to seduce your partner and initiate sexual intercourse in different situations."
"Relax Cas", Dean whispered even though he was kinda freaking out himself. He was about to freaking get off an angel of the lord. But not only any angel. Cas. He was about to get Cas off. The angel nodded, licked over his lips and actually relaxed, fell more into Dean's touch but kept his hand on Dean's shirt.
Cas just made an oppressed whine, watching him with wide eyes. Not a prostitute. So not just a prostitute. Maybe Gabriel pissed someone off and now they were gonna torture and kill him. Dean could be a member of a gang or mafia.
"I should be more egoistic?", Cas asked, "fine", he shut his laptop and got up from the couch to push Gabriel to his front door, "I'm being egoistic in throwing you out. Don't drink too much", he said before locking a nagging Gabriel out of his apartment.
Dean hurried to climb over to the front seat and looked in the rear mirror. He looked quite alright so far, just had to arrange his hair and shirt a bit and he was fine, you wouldn't tell what had happened just seconds ago.
Dean had lost any sense of time, lost in the warmth feeling of having Cas exactly the way he wanted. Panting and whining from pleasure, clenching onto him in the backseat of his baby. The whole world seemed to be doing him a favour for once.
"So hurting people is causing sexual stimulation?", Cas continued to ask with squinted eyes, head tilted. "Not-Not generally", Dean explained quickly, "and not every kind of pain. You wouldn't like me hitting you in the face as much as getting your hair pulled, right?", he pulled his hair just out of principle. Cas whined and nodded faintly, "I understand."
"A-Angel", Cas answered softly and shifted, moaned when the chains shifted to. "Angel?", Dean repeated with a big grin on his lips, "you my precious little angel?"
"Yeah, I can tell", Dean muttered and wiped the leaves of his dirty Trenchcoat, "war doesn't seem to go that well, huh?"
So he really should've seen it coming when they both got drunk after a successful hunt where Cas was actually punctual. They were back at a shabby motel room, sitting on the couch, Sam went out to get food and Dean sweared that he planned to wait for him before getting drunk.
He wondered if he could get Dean off like that. Maybe Dean would allow it. Or maybe Dean would finally get some of his damn clothes off that fine body.
"Just great", Dean sighed when they were finally able to kill the werewolf and he had to drag the unconscious angel to the car, "I don't get it. Sometimes he can be the baddest son of a bitch on earth and other times he falls down the chairs after being chased by a werewolf."
They were at Bobby's when someone knocked firmly on the door. When Dean opened the door a demolished and shaking Cas, clothes dirty and partly ripped. "Cas?!", Dean gasped and didn't waste a second, supported the poor angel and dragged him inside on the couch of Bobby's office.
The turning lock on the door interrupted the thick tension. Dean and Cas jumped back into reality, the previous distance between them again as Sam walked into the room with two pizza cartons.
It wasn't his fault that they were in the middle of a hunt when Cas decided to show up just to check in and ended up helping but got knocked out by the werewolf.
Sprawled out on the seat, Dean found a place between Cas' open legs and went right in for another heated kiss.
Cas almost died on the hunt and Dean was beyond pissed.
Cas was yanked up by the rope suddenly, leaving him breathless. "Where's your bedroom baby?", Dean whispered hot in his ear, pressing him closely to his chest. Cas needed to catch his breath for a moment. It was happening. Where they gonna have sex now? Was he a prostitute after all? A prostitute with a thing for ropes? And suits?
Fuck, that was going way differently than Dean had even hoped for. Cas kissing him as if it was the only thing that was keeping him alive while rutting against him needy was better than any sex dream he ever had.
"I apologise", Cas answered, still just standing in front of his bed, "and no. I was testing if you felt the same pleasure from getting your hair pulled."
Cas's breath shuddered, he leaned in closer so that he could rest his forehead against Dean's shoulder, tucked under Dean's chin. The hunter had to gulp, really tried his best to keep his own dick from getting hard. Which failed just seconds later. He just had no self control at all when it came to Cas. "Damn it Cas", Dean muttered with his face in Cas' hair as the angel began to push his hips forward in the same rhythm as Dean's strokes. "What? Did I do something wrong?", Cas asked confused at Dean's comment. Their legs were intertwined at that point, Dean felt the pure heat because Cas seemed to cling onto him with everything he had.
"Don't overdo yourself, angel", Dean ordered, the rough, lustful voice was replaced by the firm tone he had at the beginning, "go a bit slower and just as far as you can." Cas hummed in agreement, looking up to him with big eyes and lips still around his cock.
"No, no. Hell no", Dean soothed him quickly, "you... you're doing good... man", Dean quickly added the 'man' so the sentence wouldn't be too intimate. Didn't really work out. "Thanks", Cas gasped, it was clearly getting harder for him to stay quiet, "you too. You have very soft hands considering your job."
"I'm just wondering why you are not making a big deal out of it", Sam replied curious. "Its just Cas man", Dean answered unimpressed, glancing over to the angel who looked so peacefully just laying there, their shoulders touching, "besides he's unconscious and sure as hell wouldn't mind."
"I know", Dean answered carefully, sitting next to Cas on the bed, "I just thought that you might look cu-", Dean stopped mid-sentence and corrected himself, "- look good in that outfit. I don't see you as that 'sexualised version' and I don't want you to be one, Cas. I like badass-you."
He went back down on it, this time more carefully and slowly, using his tongue, getting even more pleasurable sounds out of Dean.
"Dean, I feel dizzy."
"No", Dean answered immediately, pulling him closer, "my sessions are always about the sub. I never really lose my clothes or even get some pleasure out of it. I just did it because you asked so desperately and I couldn't resist. I'm still new to the whole thing."
He walked the few stairs up to his apartment because the damn elevator was still out of order, already dreaming of his comfy bed and some series on Netflix or maybe a documentary when he saw a person standing in front of his door.
Dean really didn't plan this but that didnt mean he wouldnt enjoy some time with Cas.
"Please, Cas", Dean interrupted the angel. He knew better than anyone else that Cas was quite lazy when it came to sex. As soon as he has experienced pleasure for the first time all he wanted was to just lay around and enjoy it while Dean had to do most of the work. It was quite amusing so Dean didn't really do anything against it most of the time.
"Cas?", Dean tried again, "c'mon buddy, you must have some damn good reason for coming up with that idea right now. You woke me up for it."
Cas put two fingers on Dean's forehead and all of his clothes were just gone.
Silence again.
Even if it was one that wouldn't last.
"Come here."
Dean rolled his eyes this time, "that's not how I explained it."
"Yes."
"Oh right, sorry", Dean apologised, pressed a kiss against temple, "but you still rocked it", he continued grinning, while Cas just lay motionless on him, still connected to the hunter. He pressed his fingers on Dean's forehead again to clean them both from the cum. "It was pleasurable", Cas muttered, pressed his face in Dean's shoulder, the halo almost hit Dean's cheek, "but you are being the active part the next time."
Who did Gabriel sent to him? And how do they even know each other?
"I'm able to teleport but making ejaculate disappear is a 'convenient trick' for you?", Cas asked confused, squinting his eyes. "Yup", Dean grinned widely, felt completely relaxed for the first time in a long time.
"You read it?", Dean repeated it laughing, "what did you read exactly?"
But the next one was so sudden and rough, Dean grabbed the gun under his pillow and aimed at the intruder. Cas' hands flew up in the air, "hello Dean."
"The more time I spent on earth the more I seem to be... intrigued by human needs."
Cas just hummed again and nodded, "the ghost case, yes I do remember."
He suddenly felt a tug in his hair, caused by Cas of course who thought that this -out of all occasions- was the perfect moment for it. Dean's gaze went back to him, meeting Cas' curious and almost hopeful expression.
"You gonna do that for me, baby?", Dean kept asking questions. Cas enthusiastically nodded, he just wanted to keep feeling these sensations that Dean gave him, "y-yes, yes, yeah sure, Sir. Yeah."
Cas flushed red in embarrassment and hid behind his hands, "I don't have daddy issues", he complained quietly, didn't sound really convincing. Dean snickered, "I'm no one to judge you. I based all my actions on how you reacted, not what your brother told me about you."
"Yes", he answered again, head falling from one side to another. "You can come as soon as you want, angel", Dean assured him, "earned it so well. So proud of you."
"Yeah, I capiche", Cas answered immediately. Dean snorted quietly, couldn't believe how Cas could be a celestial warrior and a dorky little guy at once. Dean took all his courage and reached under the cover, grabbed Cas by the hip and pulled him closer.
"What are you doing Cas?"
"Fix you're clothes man", Dean hissed quietly before opening the door on Sam's side. "Thank god", Sam muttered and got in, closed the door.
He slowly but steady sank down on Dean's cock, moaned loud and shuddered when he finally sat completely on him.
Cas bit his lips so hard he could taste the blood mixed with Dean's come. He wiggled a bit more, harder until his wrists hurt but remained tied up.
A moment passed before Dean felt how Cas cuddled closer to him and accidentally rubbed his boner against Dean's thigh. Cas was definitely caught by surprise by the pleasure and moaned so loud Dean was afraid that Sam would wake up.
His glasses were softly pulled off and found a place on the nightstand. "Do you know what a Dom does, Cas?", Dean asked and Cas shook his head, confused because he already told that he didn't knew what a Dom was. Cas twitched when Dean's warm hands ran up and down his chest, softly caressing his sides.
"What are you doing man?"
"Just for a bit, Cas", Dean muttered, "stay just for a few days."
Thank you very much.
In a few quick seconds Dean had the rope secured tightly but comfortable from his wrists up to his upper arms. Cas tried to move his arms but failed. "U-Uh Sir?", Cas muttered quietly and got turned around again. "What is it?", Dean asked softly, his hands on Cas' sides and slowly stroking over his skin.
"I don't want this to be a one-time-experience."
"This was special for me too", Dean added after a moment, "I would hate to just let you go."
"Good Night, Dean", Cas said, Dean felt the weight of his head on his shoulder as Cas leaned down on him, enjoying his steady heartbeat and the quiet motel room.
Dean felt the blanket rustle and then Cas tried to put a bit distance between them (as far as it was possible on the small bed), so Dean wouldn't have to feel his boner anymore.
Dean used the next few minutes to clean both of them, Cas was not really responding besides humming sounds but he looked so peaceful and tired that it didn't concern Dean.
"That's the third case, man! You're barely here anymore, even when we need you! We almost died!", Dean yelled, standing directly in front of the angel, having a serious stare-off with him.
It ended in a heated discussion in the motel room, Sam sitting annoyed at the table, his laptop in front of him while Dean and Cas were fighting.
"I feel humiliated and I never want one of my brothers and sisters to find out about this for as long as I exist."
Cas spent most of his time upstairs in heaven, fighting against Raphael and his soldiers. Sam and him were on a normal werewolf hunt but needed the angels help so Dean prayed for him but Cas appeared hours later when they were already done with the job.
"Now", Dean tried again, this time more insistently and tugged on the rope.
Cas couldn't wait to see the look on Gabriel's face when he would told him about grabbing a coffee with Gabriel's dominant friend.
"So...", Dean said hesitant, Cas' eyes peaked open, "a fight against who? It's the first time you came to us to find refuge."
"C'mon Cassie, just come with me", Gabriel continued to nag, leaning over the seat back of Cas' couch, "you are constantly working even on the weekend. A trip to a bar would do you something good bro."
"Yeah I figured", Dean snickered, bit his lip and pulled on his hair. Cas gasped and gripped Dean's shirt, buckling his hips out of reflex. "You don't know how much I thought about it over the weeks, Cas", Dean muttered, watching Cas' facial expression turn into lust.
"I still don't understand this term."
And he did actually.
"Don't act like it, Cassie", Gabriel answered, "you loved dad and when he left you felt like it was your fault which it wasn't, by the way. So you try to make everyone proud."
Dean didn't knew if he should laugh or just go back to sleep.
"Yes, I know, that's about everything you tell us!", Dean answered angry, "You are gone with the first chance you get without saying anything! We could help-"
They started driving towards the hotel in an uncomfortable silence, Dean's knuckles went white from clenching so hard onto the wheel, driving as fast as possible.
Cas mumbled something under his own breath, straightened the halo that almost fell off and made an attempt to turn around so his back would be facing Dean. That would at least spare him from Dean's intense glare.
"Take off your pants."
"What? You never had a boner before?"
Sam's word just wouldn't leave him alone, the possibility that Cas might felt the same way was more intimidating than he thought. It took him quite some time until he finally fell asleep.
But even after grabbing food he didn't wake up. Sam noticed that Dean checked on him more continually but he was fine. They just watched TV for the rest of the night, Sam on his bed and Dean on a chair in front of his own bed.
Cas felt this wave overcoming him, his mouth opened but nothing came out of it, his dick twitched a few times before finally relieving himself over Dean's hand which stroked him trough his whole orgasm. He meanwhile tried to catch his breath, still feeling so far away, drowned by the pleasure.
"You gotta be as quiet as possible, alright?" Cas nodded, lips pressed together as Dean reached his white boxers. They were so close, he could feel Cas' hot breath against his face, "close your eyes", Dean told the angel who pouted. "Why?"
"Just stay here", Dean answered without any hesitation, watching intensely Cas' beautiful side profile. "Dean, I can't", the angel laughed at the silly suggestion, turning his head so they were having eye contact again, "I started all this, it's my fault. And I can't let Raphael win."
"It's a lot about trust, angel", Dean used the pet name again that made Cas lick his lips, "I trust that you intervene as soon as it gets too much for you and you trust me that I'll make you feel better."
“But you didn’t.”
“In more than once sense of the word, yes.” He ignores the glare Dean gives him, opting to start the short walk to the entrance of the Bunker instead. “There may be some things in the Bunker I can use to stabilize it, and it’ll be easier to get a better look at once we’re there.”
Castiel nudged his hands again, letting the apologetic feeling roll off him in abundance.
“I've been around humanity a long time, Dean. I've picked up bits from here, and there.” He dragged his hand down Dean's side, stopping at the waistband of his jeans, a wicked glint in his eyes. “Humanity has always had interesting ways of pleasuring themselves, and each other. Some you know - ” Castiel ran his hand up the inside of Dean's thigh, giving the hunter's cock a small squeeze through the fabric. “- and some you don't.” Dean's moan was enough to tell Castiel that he was doing something right, head back and throat gloriously exposed. Castiel took the opportunity while Dean was distracted to remove the last offending items of clothing with grace, grinding down on the hunter's now exposed cock, drawing a guttural moan from him.
“I’ll do my best.” There’s hesitation in Castiel’s shoulder as he hovers his hand above Dean’s wing, swallowing thickly as he glances down at the hunter again. “Obviously, this may hurt, although I’ll try to be as quick as I can to limit how long that lasts.”
“He was adamant that he’d do it himself, Dean. Didn’t have the heart to say no.” Sam shrugs from the doorway before stepping in, allowing Eileen to follow behind him. Dean laughs before looking back to Jack, beaming at not spilling anything.
“You waited for me?” Castiel took another sip, briefly frowning as nothing came forth. He looked down, grumbling at the bottom of the now empty mug, sighing as he put it in the sink.
“Hold up, Cas... How do you now suddenly know the way to go?”
“It's okay, Dean. Take your time.”
Dean's hand stopped mid-stroke, hovering over his fur with a wide-eyed look on his face. He looked down at Castiel, who looked back at the man in confusion.
He stops pacing, turning his back to the stove as he looks down at Castiel sheepishly.
. And I know that’s unhelpful, but it’s all I’ve got.” Dean’s hands drop to his sides as he stares at Castiel, not staying there long before they’re running through his hair, a laugh bubbling up and out of his throat.
"Sam went on a different hunt... Do you remember? You were hunting a witch and required my assistance, Dean." Dean looked up from his position in Cas' arms, the small wings on his back no longer trying to wrap themselves around him. Castiel could almost see Dean's bottom lip start to tremble, and he knew that if something wasn't done quickly then the power behind the wail would hurt. He looked down as Dean looked up again, tears almost brimming over and Castiel did the only thing he could think of at that moment. He placed a reassuring hand on the chocolate, toffee and white coloured wings and pulled Dean in as close as he could without hurting him. Dean giggled, squirming and flapping the wings as best he could whilst Castiel held him, and Castiel could feel himself smiling. He let his grip slacken and Dean looked up at him again, his own smile on his face. It was only just seen before Dean buried his face into the trenchcoat again, and Castiel could feel the grace passing between the two of them.
He nudges the door off the Empath as best he can, growling at the surprising weight of it. The growling only intensifies as the door finally gives way enough for Castiel to see Dean’s face, a small gash on his forehead yet the Empath’s eyes remain stubbornly closed.
“Cas? Cas!” Dean runs blindly down the corridor, shoving open doors with little disregard for whatever might be scribbled on them, not caring about the consequences.
"Yes?"
“Let- Let me…
“... Don’t you dare.” Castiel takes a step back, stretching briefly before grinning again. “I’m serious Cas, don’t even think about it.” He lets his face fall to complete innocence before shifting, turning and sprinting away towards where they entered the park, leaving Dean standing in place with a dumbfounded expression on his face. He briefly looks back to make sure he hasn’t run too far ahead, that the Empath could easily catch up if he wanted to as he watches Dean shake his head, beginning to run himself before turning back to watch where he’s going. Dean’s amusement washes over him, fuelling his joy as he picks up slightly more speed, relishing in the pure freedom that he’s beginning to grow accustomed to. He lets the fondness from Dean warm him, returning it as he quickly looks back again to make sure he can still see the Empath; his own fondness giving him pause. He doesn’t realise he’s actually stopped until he feels Dean’s hand in his fur, concern etched on to his face.
“Are you really here?” The words come out as barely a whisper, Dean’s hand finding its way from Castiel’s trenchcoat to cup his cheek, surprised at the warmth there and the way Castiel leans in to the touch.
“Damn witches got this place kinda warded against angels, I don’t know if that’s just old now so it’s lost some of its juice or something… I think it should have killed us if it was fresh.” Sam pales then as Dean shrugs. He hadn’t thought how angelic weapons might have an effect now on Dean, making a mental note to keep an especially close eye on anything angelic looking the witches might pull out of their sleeves.
“If it was so much of a stretch, how do you explain this?” Sam took the feather from Castiel, turning it over multiple times himself, holding it up to the light to see if any more information could be gained from it that way. He frowned, running his fingers along the spine before sighing and handing it back to Castiel.
"No, Dean." He paused, trying to allow his brain to process the sight in front of him. "You... You're not a fledgling..." Dean stopped struggling long enough to let Castiel's words sink in, then slowly got to his feet with the realisation that he was normal size again. And stark naked.
“I don't want to lose him, Sam.” His voice was quiet, a far cry from the steely focus and determined actions that had happened mere moments ago. He passed the feather through his fingers for a few seconds, the electricity helping to ground him before carefully putting it back in his pocket. Sam moved from the hood of the Impala, gripping Castiel's shoulder with a determined look of his own.
“Doesn’t always have to be this early… Right? Can I at least have the chance to wake up and have breakfast before you drag me out God-knows-where?” Castiel shrugged, unable to keep his own shit eating grin off his face.
“Smell what, Dean?”
“Wait... Why can’t she use you as a Familiar?”
“You gotta teach me how to do that, Cas.” Sam turns back to his brother, eyebrow trying to work its way in to his hair again.
“That sounds good too.” Castiel doesn’t see the small smile on Dean’s face as he turns to the pan, brows briefly furrowing at the warm feeling that washes over him, quickly looking back to see if anything about the Empath gives him away. Dean is hunched over a bowl whisking pancake mix, his own brows knitted together as he concentrates on getting the perfect consistency and the right amount for the two of them; this time Castiel knows where the warm feeling comes from as he laughs at the way Dean’s tongue juts out in concentration. He smiles again softly as he turns back to the bacon, turning it over as he continues to let the pure domesticity of the situation warm him through.
To you. The one you ran away from?” Castiel slowed down, almost coming to a complete stop before looking up at Dean.
“Naomi.”
“Seriously Cas, don’t ever change.” Castiel’s head is still titled in confusion when the answer isn’t immediately given to him. “
“I’m assuming so, because I’m certain they weren’t there before.” Dean blinks, taking in the sight before him. Flowers cover every inch of the park, delicate blue and green blossoms that fill the air with a sweet fragrance as they sway gently in the breeze.
... Dog.” Dean laughs, releasing Castiel enough to feel a collar that definitely wasn’t there before they entered the park. “Something funny,
“Dean, are you okay?” Castiel’s brow furrows as he turns in his seat, taking note of the beads of sweat rolling down Dean’s face. “You don’t look so good.”
“The second he laid a hand on you, you were lost to me, weren’t you?”
“Good, that’s a start. I can try and pinpoint exactly where it’s injured now… From there we can go about starting the healing process.” Castiel steps back, looking briefly over Dean’s wing to check for anything immediately obvious as that tells him where the pain is before cracking his knuckles.
"Was that Loophole Woman?”
“Cas... Who does that belong to?” He didn't look Sam in the eye as he pulled the original feather from inside the trenchcoat, the one from the motel and Sam felt his jaw hit the floor. “That's
.” Dean looked back at Sam, nodding towards his gun. “Witch-killing bullets?”
“Keep telling yourself that, Dean. You keep telling yourself that.” Castiel can’t keep the smile off his face as he reaches past the hunter, grabbing the bandages and placing a swift kiss to his cheek with a wink, leaving Dean dumbstruck and watching the angel’s retreating back as he makes his way back to the library.
“It’s just something we do, taking the piss out of each other but in a loving way.” Castiel huffs, turning back to fire and stretching as Dean also moves to stand, whistling as he looks towards the clock on the wall. “Wow, when did it get to that time? Time flies when you’re having fun, huh?” He ruffles the fur on Castiel’s head again before moving to the kitchen, stomach gurgling. Castiel can hear cupboards opening and closing as he lays in front of the fireplace again, metal clanging as Dean fishes pans from their respective homes. His head pokes around the doorframe, briefly scanning for Castiel before landing on him.
“I still mean what I said, Dean. There isn’t anything you can’t do if you just apply yourself.” Castiel shrugged as Dean groaned, wings dropping.
“Then yes.” Sam snickered behind them, looking up towards the sky as he turned his back to try and hide it as much as possible. Dean flipped his middle finger at him before focusing his attention back on Castiel, shoulders sagging.
----------------------------------------
After everything you’ve ever hunted, every Goddamn thing that’s wanted you dead, you get killed by a damn piece of
"Cas?"
The drive back to the bunker is as uneventful as it can be after the quick detour to pick Dean and Castiel’s things up from the motel. Castiel only receives the slightest of raised eyebrows as he hands the keys back to Reception, shrugging as best he can with hands full of two bags before turning and walking back to the Impala. He can feel Dean’s grumbling before he’s even got back to where they’re parked; knowing that the drive back is going to take longer just so he can unfold himself from the back seat to stretch his currently cramped wings out at least once. Castiel remembers how confining it was, stuck in what was essentially a tin can while parts of him
The air in the Impala was tense, Castiel staring dead ahead at the road whilst Sam drove. Cautious glances were thrown at the angel, a frown having settled on Sam's face at Castiel's behaviour. Dean had been in plenty of trouble before, and it was highly likely he would again, but there was something about this time that was different to Castiel, and Sam couldn't quite put his finger on it. It was mildly worrying to see the angel with such a laser focus, it had been a long time since Sam had seen him like that. He glanced over again, Castiel still firmly looking ahead.
. Just because you’re different doesn’t mean you deserve to be treated like shit.” He sighed as he finally released his hands, resting them on his knees as Castiel stood up. Dean raised his eyebrow in confusion as he moved towards him, limp noticeably improved, before he flopped down to the side of him, Castiel resting his head on Dean’s leg.
“Cas… Am I gonna need stronger warding?”
“Are you okay, Dean?” His hands froze in place before slowly lowering them from his face, eyes lighting up in a way that had Sam squinting in confusion as he leapt to his feet, capturing the angel in a tight embrace.
“I’ll get out of your way, I think. Those pancakes aren’t gonna cook themselves, and I’m only in the way here.” There’s a teasing tone to Castiel’s voice, leaving Dean standing speechless in the kitchen as he gapes at Castiel’s retreating figure. “Just call when you’re ready?” Dean nods, swallowing thickly as he deposits pancake mix in a pan as if on autopilot.
"Dean!" Castiel moved as close as he dared to the flames, powerless to watch as the witch worked her magic on Dean, enveloping him in a sickly green coloured fog. "DEAN!" It was then that she dropped him, green fog following him and keeping him in the cloud so Castiel couldn't see him. He did, however, notice the arm that shot up, catching her unaware and resulting in a knife plunged hilt deep into her chest, shattering the glassy look and causing her to explode into a green mist not dissimilar in colour to the cloud surrounding Dean. The holy oil was extinguished, and Castiel ran to where the Hunter had been dropped, the cloud dissipating as soon as he was within touching distance.
Dean hadn’t heard the angel come into their room, laughing around the slice of pizza in his hand as the idea began to take a more solid shape; the angel quietly toeing his shoes off before a coy smile settled on his face. He deposited the trenchcoat and his suit jacket just as quietly, placing them carefully over the nearest chair so that they wouldn’t fall and alert the hunter to his presence before he had the chance to let his plan come to fruition. Dean laughed again at the antics on the TV, Castiel briefly freezing before the hunter settled down enough that he could continue. He smiled again as Dean shifted, getting himself into a more comfortable position, breath briefly hitching in his throat at the way he was almost
Castiel whined, sinking back to the floor with a huff. When did decision making get so difficult? His gut screamed that going back to Naomi would be the end of him, huffing again as his head finally agreed that realistically that would be the only outcome. She wouldn't be happy about it, but Castiel decided that living sounded like a much better option to him than dying, and being away from her extended his lifespan significantly. He sat up again, confident in his decision not to go back, confident that she was never going to get a say in how he lived his life again. He smiled to himself, standing and stretching just as Dean walked back through the door.
Dean’s knuckles go white as he grips the collar still around Castiel’s neck, the metal cold in his hand. Something other than the made up name catches his eye, turning it over as a cold shiver runs down his spine.
Dean sighed, moving his arm from his eyes.
Castiel hesitated.
Dean nodded, the grip on his pestle turning his knuckles white as he ground herbs violently in to the mortar. Castiel tilted his head in confusion again, unsure what he’d said to get Dean so angry. He crept forward, nudging his muzzle in to Dean’s leg, looking up to see if his efforts were working. He tried again, this time with more pressure, flinching when Dean snapped around.
“I think I messed it up.” The words are coughed out as Castiel kneels down in front of the hunter, giving him a quick once-over as he assesses the damage. There’s a brief sigh of relief as nothing else seems injured - or at least not too badly - before both their attention is brought back to Dean’s wing as he makes a small groan of pain.
“That’s impossible, there’s no way I could ever lose
feel that, right?” Castiel shrugged, turning the book over one more time.
. Cas, thi- This…
“You must be mistaken, lady. I’ve had
Dean is staring at Castiel intently when he comes to again, the look on his face one that he can't quite place. It looks like a mix of pity and awe, twisting Dean's features in to an interesting pattern that in itself isn't unpleasant to look at. It also puts him slightly on edge, sitting up and moving slightly further away as a subtle hint to hopefully get him to stop. Dean does look guilty as he sits up himself -
” He shifts again, pressing back against the angel as another whine works its way from him. Castiel rolls his hips again, and again; the friction of the movement enough to have Dean gasping and moaning underneath him, grip on the pillow he was resting on hard enough that his knuckles are starting to go white.
“Do what you gotta do, Cas. Just… Try and be gentle?” The words are slightly muffled by the way the hunter’s face is pressed against the wood, the concern making its way through clearly despite the obstacle.
“We're gonna get him back, you know that, right?”
“I know… I just still don’t feel great about it. I mean, I could have
“Is this yours?”
is my brother, Sam. I only call him that ‘cause it pisses him off, or I do it when he pisses me off.”
“Shiiiiiittt...”
“What are you?” He paused, giving Castiel a brief look over before resting his chin on his hands. “Honestly, at a guess I’d say… Shifter? Maybe...? No, not a shifter.” They stood up, walking around to get a better look overall, scratching their head as nothing immediate jumped out at them. He slumped back down to the floor as Castiel let out an amused huff.
“Maybe. I'm not sure Dean.”
“I’m sorry. It’s just still kind of hard to deal with sometimes, and I’m not used to having someone else around when I go there.”
“Once the smell of the poultice has gone, maybe we can try some stuff to strengthen your ankle back up? Outside?” He briefly turns back to the pan, flipping the burgers before turning back. “I don’t know how you’re not going stir crazy stuck inside all the time.”
of fire magic near these, they should go off.”
“I need you to pull over. Now, dammit!”
“Hmmm?” The hunter is standing next to an open cupboard as Castiel looks round, a smug grin on his face at finding exactly what they were looking for first. “You know, some of your charm does disappear when you look that smug.” The look immediately drops from Dean’s face as it’s replaced with mock offence, hand coming to his chest for a few seconds before the whole facade crumbles; unable to keep the smile from settling on his features as he looks at Castiel.
“Well, that makes things
“Wh- Where we going?”
of that needs going over so I don’t injure myself in other stupid ways, because you know the chances of that happening are higher than you’d like to admit.”
“No, not really.”
“That… Hmmm.” Dean takes shallow breaths to try and get his heart rate back within acceptable levels before lifting his head off the table, turning to face Castiel with an eyebrow raised.
Dean looked down, sympathy and anger mixed together on his face as he opened his mouth to ask another question.
Castiel sat up, stepping off Dean before quickly looking around the park for any other people. He shivered, shifting back to human form before setting himself back down on the grass with his legs crossed under him, letting his eyes wander back over the constellation of freckles that crossed Dean’s nose
“Probably not, no. Not when I still have constellations to map, while I want to commit them to memory.” Warmth flooded the bond as Dean turned his face away, the tips of his ears giving away just how deep the blush was. Castiel laughed, turning his face back with a gentle touch that Dean leaned in to, eyes closed as he soaked in the contact.
“This book. Anything to do with you?” Dean stirred the pot one more time before resting the spoon across the top, turning to look at the small book Castiel was holding. His brow furrowed in confusion, reaching a hand out to take it before dropping back to his side.
“Found it. I'm not sure what it is, but I think they're using them when they're killing angels. It was in a room where one had been killed, with more of these feathers.”
“Are you okay?”
“Well.” Dean turned back to the coffee pot, refilling his mug before turning back to Castiel. “Today it can.” He laughed as Dean stuck out his tongue, trying not to track its movement as he followed the action by licking his lips. He quickly darted his eyes down to the mug in Dean’s hands, pointedly ignoring the burning feeling in his ears as the blush spread from his cheeks to there; not looking up as Dean laughed.
. Cas, I don’t know what to do here.” Dean’s knees felt weak, leaning against the countertop with white knuckles to keep himself from falling over then and there. Castiel moved his hand from the grounding, reassuring position to underneath his armpit, guiding him away from the pot and the kitchen, back to the sofa. Dean didn’t realise he was being lowered on to it until the edge of the book began to dig in to his leg, lifting up enough to move it just out of the way before fully collapsing in to the cushions. Castiel picked the book up, glaring at it again before moving it to a shelf; out of sight while they were due company, to be looked at in further detail later.
him, the cascade of feelings almost overwhelming him as he struggles to find the one to describe exactly how he feels in this moment.
” Castiel froze as the bubbling stopped, Dean’s eyes going wide as he slowly turned back to the other room. “... Uh. Not… You?” Castiel whined as whatever spell Dean had managed melted off him, shaking as he shifted back to human form again. He cautiously made his way to the kitchen, to Dean’s side as he continued to stare at the frozen pot. Dean was quiet as he spoke, eyes glued to the stove as Castiel gently placed a hand on his arm.
“Anything jumping out at you?”
“You're a sap, y'know that?” Dean returned the kiss, a soft peck before pulling Castiel in to an embrace. “But I'm glad you're here. I don't know what I would have done if you weren't here.” Castiel chuckled.
Sam ran into the bunker and started throwing whatever he could grab the fastest into his duffel bag.  “I have no idea what he’s gonna do and I have no idea how to stop him and I have no idea how to help him.”  He kept tossing things in his bag while ranting.
“I didn’t.”  Sam and Eileen turned in tandem to come face to face with Jack.  “I want to bring him back, believe me, I do.”  Jack stood perfectly still, exuding an aura of calm.  “But Cas won’t wake up.  I tried as soon as Dean told us what happened, but nothing.  I tried again after I absorbed Chuck’s power.  Still nothing.”
Chapter 2
“He doesn’t want you.”
“No Dean, it’s not cool with me.  You will be able to see my cards and I intend to defeat you tonight.”  Cas pushed him off his lap.  “Go get your own chair and prepare to ‘pay up’ as you would say.”
“Well he didn’t.”  Dean finally let his wall down.  He banged the last peg into the ground and tossed the mallet aside.  “He considered him his Dad.  If he was gonna bring him back, he would have.  Do you see him here?”  Dean waved his hand around.  “No.  So, there’s your answer.  Let it go.”  He turned around to add some wood to the fire.
“You know sign language?”  Sam asked.
“Look, I’m sure you’re all tired.”  She waved her hand toward the table of food.  “Eat, rest, talk, watch stupid old movies together…  Whatever it is you guys do.  I guess it doesn’t matter if I tell you a story.  But not yet.  I need to explore first.”  Really, she wasn’t all too sure that she should tell them anything.  These three seemed different.  More normal, less traumatized somehow.  “I’ll return tomorrow.  At that, she simply vanished.
“No, Chuck was the light, but the light was never destroyed, just transferred.  She’ll become both and be in perfect balance.  That’s actually what she always wanted.  And after I die, I’ll return and then Aunt Amara and I will decide what’s next.”  Jack seemed to have an answer for everything.
Sam popped his head into the room.  “Yeah, OK, but how bout you pick up more than just beer and pizza this time.”  He walked back out.  “I’m gonna take a shower then work on documenting some of what happened.”  He brushed the hair back from his face.  “Though I’m not entirely sure how to word it so future hunters find it the least bit believable.”
Jack walked over and turned Dean back to face Cas.  “If you would both just let me finish.”  He waited until both were paying attention.  “He can go back to heaven as an angel, or he can go home with you, but as a human.  But it’s entirely his choice.  Not mine.  Not yours, Dean.  But he can’t leave here until he chooses.”
“Gee, don’t sound so happy to be here, Cas.”  Dean joked.  “I put a roof over your head and food in your belly.”
“You really think we can all live some big, happy, normal life after everything?”  Dean asked, secretly impressed by the kid’s maturity.
Dean noticed that Cas had gravitated closer to Jack, so he grabbed the angel by the arm and pulled him back.  “He’s going home… with me.”
Jack pulled out a chair, sat down, and looked up at Sam.  “When I was born, Dean hated me.  He blamed me for causing Cas’ death.  He thought I had brainwashed him somehow.  I was afraid of Dean.  He terrified me.  And he was scared too, of having to live without Cas, because of me.  I think it was that mixture of anger and terror that enabled me to wake Cas up.  It wasn’t all me.  It was Dean too.”
Sam ran his fingers through his hair then slid his packed bag across the table.  “Fine.  I’ll stay out of it.  But just answer one question:  What story are you writing, Jack?”
Dean and turned around expecting to see the John Winchester Empty, but they didn’t expect Jack to be standing next to him.  The ‘God’ they’d made a part of their family stood there still, even serene.  “No.”  Jack relaxed his stance and his eyes reflected sadness.  “No more of this.”
“Okay, really?  You idiots think I’m like ready to bite it or something?  No, not even a little.  For like the first time in forever, I actually want to survive.  You said I’m not worried enough?  That’s because I believe this will work.  I don’t want to die.  I want to get Cas out of the empty.  If I die, he stays there forever.  If this doesn’t work tonight, I want to live to try again.  And really, there aint no way I’m gonna bite it in a dirty old barn.”
“Give – Me – Cas!”  Dean raised his voice and stood his ground, but there was no hiding the crack in his voice.
Cas was in front of her in the blink of an eye with his angel blade at her neck.  “This is blasphemy.  My father would not destroy his creation, nor could he ever be defeated.”
“What did you want to be you?”
1111111111111111
“So, who’s gonna play God?  How’s that even gonna work?”  Dean asked, devoid of any sign he was ever angry at all.  Hell, why would he be.  The kid was right.  He had Cas back.
“I don’t care.”
“Maybe.  I guess?  I just need to talk to the guys one more time before we leave.”  She looked at him curiously.  “Why are you in such a hurry to leave, Nephew?  I’d think you’d, of all people, would want to drop by and say hello.”
Jack nodded.  The Empty faded into the darkness.  Jack approached the two and placed a hand on each of their shoulders.  “Go home.”
“Jerk.”
“Aunt Amara.”  He answered plainly, as though it should be obvious.  “She deserves some autonomy after everything my grandfather did to her.  After all the years that she was locked away, she deserves some freedom.”  He looked around at the worried faces that surrounded them.  “She has no interest in destroying or changing this world.  After everything, she still loves her brother and sees this world as his perfect creation.  Anyway, this world doesn’t need any tending to.  Divinity is a part of its creation.  It’s the essence of everything.”
The barn hadn’t changed much.  He had been surprised to find out that it was still standing at all after all these years.  The wood was a little more weathered and the side door was hanging on a single hinge, but other than that it looked like nothing had changed.  He and Carl both grabbed their bags from the trunk and headed inside.
“I know.”  Dean looked at the three worried faces staring at him and palmed the vial.  “This will burn me from the inside out.”  He turned to Sam.  “Man, I didn’t want you here for this part.  But technically, I will die with angel grace in me and that will get me into the empty.”
She turned around.  “I don’t think they’re boring.  They have years of adventure ahead of them.  Who knows what this world has in store for them?  My brother was childish and selfish and all the things you feel about him, but he locked me away for destroying them.  Why…”
Carl pushed the bag aside and frowned at his old friend.  “Dean, what am I doing here?  Why am I here instead of Sam?  He’s the better hunter, he’s the better choice for this.  You have to tell me or I’m out.”
Dean clenched his jaw and took a breath.  “Sure, I’ll introduce you to the guy.  You can even exchange numbers and if by chance some pit boss decides we’re counting cards, I’ll have him give you a call.”
“Yeah, well it was a stupid deal and I intend to break it.”  He tried to grab Cas’ hand again, but Cas took another step back.  “Look man, I need you to come with me.  If you won’t, I’ll die.  The grace that I had to ingest to get here burned my organs.  You have to heal me.   I need you, Cas.”  A little emotional blackmail never hurt anyone, right?
“Yeah man, sure.  I just feel like I got my happy ending, you know.”  Sam shrugged.  “Like Eileen will be coming home from Ireland next week and hell, I don’t know where that’s headed but I’m happy and…”  Sam paused, not sure if he should go on but… “You smile Dean, but I know you.  You need to…”
“Look, I’m sure he left us alone in here knowing that I’d give you some vague idea of what’s going on.  I know he hates keeping things from you, but man, do what you need to with that address.  Do it by 9:37pm.  But I can’t give you anything else.  Hell, he didn’t even tell me the Angel was dead.” Carl wiped his mouth with a white napkin and threw it down on his plate. And stood up.  “I’m glad I finally got to meet you, Sam.”  He turned to Eileen and signed.  “It was a pleasure to meet you too.”
"Yeah, I know… I know! Jesus, calm down
“Son of a bitch!” Dean threw the book down in frustration, loose papers lifting off the table and floating gracefully to the floor. “There is nothing in these Cas. Nothing. We're getting nowhere.” Castiel looked up from the book he was reading with an apologetic look on his face, shifting in the chair he was on to make himself more comfortable. Dean's irritation was clearly displayed in the wings, draped on either side of the chair so he could lean back as much as he can and a sigh escaped him.
“Yeah, fine Cas. Got distracted trying to get a better look.” He gestured towards one of his wings, offering that as the only explanation. “Not really had a chance to see what they looked like properly in all this.” Castiel smiled, reaching out to straighten a feather that was crooked. Once it was straightened, he ran his hand down the feather, the electricity feeling running up his arm.
"Bad dog." Castiel tried to hide his trembling as Naomi sighed again. She stepped over the pieces, blocking any exit available before back-handing Castiel across the room. The cold, calm anger never left her face as he let out a small whimper, earning him another beating.
“I-” Dean swallows, trying to keep his own tears at bay. “Thank you, Cas. Seriously.” He gently deposits the tray on the floor before turning back to Castiel, leaning forward to grab his face in his hands before allowing the kiss to convey his emotions in a way his words can’t. They’re both breathless as Dean pulls away, resting their foreheads together, Castiel running his thumb along Dean’s cheekbone.
