“Let’s get this kid anotha’ shot, he needs to l’osen up!”
They shouldn’t be worried about him. They should be worried about Tony.
Bruce sat staring at the fireplace. He took his glasses off, and the flames were just blurred orange streaks now.
“Thank you, Steve.” Tony seriously said, voice devoid of humor.
Tony shook his head. “No, no, you’re fine. Don’t worry, Steve. Good night.” He smiled, and put his arms out for a hug. Steve grinned back, wrapping his teddy bear body around Tony’s much smaller one.
Fuckin’ freezing.” He muttered, rubbing his hands together.
When they arrived, Sam was waiting by the door, hugging his frame and holding two sweatshirts.
hey! sorry for the insanely long wait, just been very very busy with school and stuff !! i got the next few chapters almost done or already finished , so i should be more speedy on updates !! thank you so much for all the support on the first chapter !
He was freezing, and coughing so hard Steve thought he was close to bruising his ribs. Grabbing the water bottles, he tried to get him to drink, just a little.
The two of them wandered over to the swings, taking a seat and swinging back and forth. “So, did you like living in the city?” Steve asked after awhile.
Mom.”
“Nah, it’s fine. I’m gonna take a ride somewhere, I think. I’ll see you later.” He mumbled, forgetting completely about breakfast.
When they stopped, Tony tossed the helmet back to Steve, who held both of them under his arms. Steve placed both of them on the seat, going to bid his goodbyes.
“It was real nice meeting you, Tony.” Steve said.
The bleachers shaked, and soon Tony was met with a red-faced teen holding nachos.
Tony perked up a little after that, as they chat for the rest of the party. This guy seemed pretty cool, and he knew he recognized him from around the school and a few classes. Tony shuffled his feet, brining up smalltalk.
Steve hopes he’s safe, whether he is, right now.
“Well, I obviously think he’s attractive, but there’s no way he would ever be interested in me. I’m not that shallow, man.” He tried to clean up the mess, mopping around the counter with a paper towel.
Tony spit directly on the man’s beard in spite, watching as he flinched and wiped it off. “Watch out, Stark.
Tony didn’t seem to think so, scoffing at the nickname. “Pepper Potts, thought I could mingle or whatever, since I just moved here. You probably knew that, already. And, kid? Really?”
“He’s gone—“
A blond haired girl suddenly started making out with Sam, who was contently playing beer pong, before pulling him into a spare room. He heard the doorknob shake a little, before it flicked into locked.
“Oh, stop being such a mother hen, Steve. Let loose! Sam has a ton of gin when we get home, you can get hammered then.” Bucky hit his shoulder, still laughing and smiling. Tony smiled back, wide and pure.
“Steve, please.” Bucky started, taking a step forward.
“Let me check on it.
“Capiche. I’m sorry you had to go through that.” Steve fixed, blue eyes glazed on Tony’s brown.
Tony laughed and pulled out a worn copy of Hamlet from his backpack.
Tony snorted, rolling his eyes. “No. I assume you’re not, either. Which one of your friends dragged you here?”
hey! new update!!!! less angst , more fluff & cute stuff coming soon:)
God, interruptions.
Tony shook his head. “No problem, kid. I’m good, but I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”
He instantly got a response, grinning down at his phone. God, he never smiled as much as he did before he met Steve.
Thor and Clint were drunk in the kitchen, overhearing sounds of drunken rambles.
Come on in.”
“Yeah, yeah. Fine, just a migraine.” Tony breathed out. “I’m going to get going, thanks again for hanging with me today, Steve.” Steve almost laughed at that, but instead shot him a sad look.
He’s been thinking, why Tony? And he knows why, son of Howard and Maria Stark, billionaire, genius, next CEO of Stark Industries—the reasons go on, but all he can think about, is why him? Why not Steve? Why not anyone else?
“Y-you don’t know?”
“Find my family, tell them I love them, and I’m sorry.”
He asked, grinning like a madman. In his other hand he had a rope wrapped around his fingers.
Instead, they talked about the football game coming up and how excited Steve was to be a starter now.
After an unattainable amount of time spent torturing Tony, they left the two in a cold room, Tony in a mess of rocking back and forth.  Steve pulled against the restraints, god he pulled, but Tony was a shivering pile of wet clothes and there was no way he could untie him.  Two water bottles were thrown through the door, and Steve felt the restraints loosen enough for him to pull out of it.
“Jarvis, any news?”
“Oh please, you didn’t even know the score you were too far up Steve’s cute little ass!”
Steve smiled, and took ahold of his cold and calloused hands. “Hey, Tones.”
CHANNEL 8 NEWS: TONY STARK FOUND?
Tony grinned. “‘Course, Pete. What got you this time, triangle postulates, again?”
“The city. My parents live there. Right now, I’m staying with—a, uh, family friend.” Steve laughed at the secrecy. “You don’t have to tell me anything you don’t want to, Tony. I won’t push.” Steve added
Tony started up a slow rhythm, losing himself in the sensation. He found his mind wandering back to the code, maybe if he tried--
“M’yer fuckin’ husband,” Tony spat, “or did you forget?”
“It was in the glove compartment of the car, Tony.”
“Yeah, well you’ve created a rather confusing situation, Dickwad.” Tony watched as The Captain ground his teeth together. Interesting. He sure as hell didn’t seem like the type of person to hold back anything. What caused his change of heart? Distantly, Tony wondered if this was a trap.
There was a Sunday School class in the field next to them. The hymns and the birds were the only noise between the two for a long while.
“Fandral…” Tony shook the blond, his hard and aching next to his naked form. “Fandral--wake up!”
“Parker,” The officer corrected him, but looked up from his own desk. Tony gave him a winning grin, his feet propped against the wall and work completely abandoned on his desk. “Yeah, whatever. So, are you gay? Or like bi or something, or are you just… giving off that vibe?”
The lighter burned his fingers, but he didn’t care.
Anger flared behind his eyes but he didn’t break his disinterested composure.“You ask a lot of questions.”
“Alright, Captain,” He snarled before he could talk himself out of it, “You got some questions to answer, asshole. What the fuck do you want with me?”
Steve only hushed him. “Be good for Papa, baby, hold your backpack.”
Sam let out an ‘oof!’, passing the bags to Steve who had followed behind. “Thanks, Babe,” he kissed his cheek before turning to Peter. “And just what are you doing?”
“Don’t worry, Firebird, I’ll keep you nice and warm.”
“CAPTAIN!?” The voice in his ear made Tony flinch. The cops were going nuts. “Get the hell out of there Tony, get the hell out right now, the Captain is much bigger fish than you can fry right now. Don’t say anything, you hear me? Tony!”
Was that a panic attack? He’d started to think that it was just something that special snowflakes on the internet threw around as an excuse but that suddenly seemed like a very likely answer. While he could breathe once more, he was still shaking and his cheeks were hit with the cold air in the room, feeling it even more now that they were tear-stained. How pathetic, crying his eyes out in front of a Captain that may or may not be real.
The Captain moved back to the group, clearly not happy with the situation. “Are you fucking stupid? You don’t even know his fucking last name! Stop thinking with your cock and grown a damn brain cell!” Tony flinched back, scooting away on his hands for a moment.
“Go home, Parker.”
Moving all his shit to New York was a pain in the ass. Tony didn’t like going outside too often, one of the reasons he holed himself up in his room to work, and he was more than looking forward to a chance to just get back to that work. Not to mention he was itching for some blow.
“Fuck! Yeah, fuck that’s right, I’m gonna mess that pretty little face up. I bet you’ll let me and Fandral fuck you right here, you desperate whore…” Tony hummed, that might be a good way to spend his night, coked out of his mind and a good fuck. Fandral wasn’t too bad but it seemed like Thor was going to be good. There was a commotion behind him, and Thor’s hand tightened in his hair almost painfully. Had he been doing something wrong?
She just stared at him, blinked twice, then shook her head, “Tony. Last night was rough, but we still need you.”
Stupid question. He knew the answer. Even now, the burn of his last high was running down and he felt a splitting headache making it’s way to the front of his mind. He closed his eyes, sitting on the toilet and yanking at his hair. He’d been living with headaches for about as long as he could remember. One time, he had tried to explain it to Rhodey: there were too many thoughts in his head and not enough space, he couldn’t focus on any of them with all those ideas bouncing around.
“I would, Firebird, but I have a little work to do first okay? Here--Thor!” Fandral called out, waving over a gigantic blond man who was just walking into the section. “Thor, I want you to meet my little firebird!”
“Can he?” Steve countered, “What if he’s drunk? What if he freaks out again? He hadn’t seen Peter since that night, what if Peter can’t handle it?”
“Fandral!? Fuck--get your cocksucking ass down here before I skin you alive!”
“I said fuck off!” Tony turned around, shouting at the other man. The two of them both stopped in their tracks, and this time Tony really did see the hurt on his face. He tried to believe that it was this stupid headache that made him want to throw up again, not that kicked puppy face.
Steve shot him a look, then glanced at Peter’s closed door. “If you’re going to shout, don’t swear, too!” He snapped, “Do you want Peter to pick up those words?”
“Oh! Peter this! Peter that! Why don’t you marry Peter! Oh wait--you married ME!”
“Valhalla?!”
“If this is who you are now--I don’t think I’d like to remember.” Steve spoke carefully. No, not Tony… God let this be a nightmare… Steve pursed his lips. “I’m taking Peter and we are staying at Sam’s tonight,” He told him as calmly as he could manage- before turning and running into his poor baby’s room.
“Alright, come on,” The Captain sighed and sat next to him on the bed, pulling the large duvet up and tucking Tony in tightly.
“Good morning, Detective Hill. Had a bit of a late start but better late than never, I always--”
“Fandral? Where the fuck are you! Thor needs you are Finest right fucking now!” The other voice on the line shouted.
“Yeah, okay,” he nodded, slipping from Fandral’s lap to the floor between Thor’s legs.
“You know,” The blond drawled, “we have some… recreational fun.” Once more, Tony fought the urge to roll his eyes. After five minutes with the dude he could tell he had drugs on him, and thirty minutes of alluding to it later, Tony was sick and tired of sober flirting.
Going back to his apartment was the ideal solution, his skinny jeans were a little stained and his shirt smelled like booze, but he didn’t have time to make it all the way back to Midtown from Brooklyn and then head to the station. Hill would already have his ass for being as late as he was. Tony settled on darting into the nearby thrift store to grab himself a new shirt and hoped for the best.
Tony felt alone in the club. He could feel Fandral: the heat of his body, the press of his outlined muscles against him, his hands moving from his hips lower and lower, his cock hard and wanting against his ass, but Tony felt disconnected from it all. The music took control of his body, making him sway his hips and grind back with the beat. He could hear the bass in the middle of his throat, but he couldn’t find the words.
“Oh, Peter,” Steve scooped him up in his arms where the five year old curled into him, pressing his face into his neck.
Oh he’s my son now? I thought he was your baby. -S
“--that Howard Stark claimed were stolen from his personal collection despite overwhelming evidence that suggests they were made to order.” Peter sat back, giving Tony a satisfied smirk.
like some sort of junkie.
“See, this is where it gets kinda creepy,” Parker leaned forward, and Tony found himself doing the same, “We didn’t at first, but the Captain gave us a signature. A blue star on the chest of each of his victims.”
Tony’s stomach dropped into his feet. Yeah right, like that was a good idea. He had taken a quick hit before he’d left Fandral’s, it was too tempting not to. He knew he would test positive for heroin and cocaine if he peed in this damn cup, but that was better than them finding out he had Valhalla stuffed into his pockets and a super secret flash drive hidden away in his lock box...right?
“Should I wear the blue? Or the red?”
The rest of the room laughed as the two rushed onto the dance floor together.
“Tony,” He answered over the music.
It was weird, the way she was asking him for help. If Tony didn’t know any better, he might think she didn’t want to collar him (but she was a cop, and cops always were playing an angle, this was just a trick). Tony turned his back on her, “Then arrest me. Search my apartment. Send me to federal. I’m not fucking with The Captain.”
“Well, what do you know about the Captain? I can’t do all the work for my boys in blue, Parker.”
But that, it was proving, would be rather difficult. Since he got an apartment in New York, that stupid Detective Hill and her stupid partner Detective Fury almost never left him alone. They told him he had to be sober for the job and Tony told him that just wasn’t gonna fly. He couldn’t focus without the drugs. They wouldn’t get it, no one did. There was so much information in his mind, so many things flying around, that most of the time Tony couldn’t even grasp it.
The blond pouted, though he would never admit it. He was a mess, had been all week in preparation for seeing his ex-husband. Sam, bless his heart, was being as helpful as he could, taking care of Peter more often, letting Steve freak out. “The green…?” He turned back to look in the mirror, setting the other two shirts down, “Okay but then what color tie do I wear?”
“Yeah, it’s pretty deep in there. It’s just so we can feed you information if you need it. Just don’t draw too much attention to yourself and you’re going to be fine, Tony. Really.”
Peter gave him a playful smack on the back of the head, but sobered up after a moment, “I mean it, you ass.”
“I’m not feeling great tonight,” Tony told him, stepping closer into his personal space. The bullet was hanging from his neck, Tony could just snatch it and take a hit. It would make his bones stop aching… “Come on, let’s get out of here. Get a good high, just enjoy ourselves.”
“What happened to ‘til death do us part?” Came Tony’s hoarse, almost sober voice.
Tony turned to look at Thor, and saw the baggie hanging in his hand, “Wanna earn yourself a treat?” His mouth was watering, and somewhere in the back of his mind he knew that this was pathetic but the other part of him remembered that powerful rush and he wanted more. One last night of this, he might as well get a good ride from it.
TW: self harm and suicidal thoughts, see end notes for details.
it was The Captain! That stupid asshole was able to ruin his life without even being there! The Captain was at work, The Captain was in his home, The Captain was stopping him from even getting a fucking
“Papa!” Peter was crying now, “What’s wrong with Daddy?”
“Excuse me?” He asked, but the conversation from before, with Peter, was back in his mind. The Captain had been cleaning house when his parents got in their car wreck. But, it had been a car wreck. An accident.
Fandral laughed, dragging him into the back lounge where Tony took a happy seat on his lap. There were about ten other men in the lounge, cigar smoke hanging heavy, and there was a girl with another man in the corner. She looked completely out of it, with glazed over eyes as she sat on his lap. He watched for a moment before he realized she was riding the other man and quickly squirmed around to pay attention to his own date. Right. Okay.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony ran his hands down his thighs, rubbing the dealer through his pants and gulped nervously. He was already half hard under there and he was huge. Tony liked a big cock as much as the next guy, but he had to admit it was a little intimidating.
And that was a dangerously freeing realization.
“Firebird!” He greeted with a smile, “I didn’t think I would see you here--and so early in the night! What’s wrong?” His tone went from happy to a little irritated when he saw the state that Tony was in. He was pale, his eyes looked dead, and he couldn’t bring himself to even pretend to like the other man.
“Thank you, Mr. Stark--”
So this one is a little longer, since the beginning chapter wasn't too much. Just wanted to get the ball rolling. Still no Steve in here, sorry about that! He'll show up in the next one. WARNING: Mild dub-con, explained in the end notes.
“So,” Tony looked at him through hooded eyes, his hand trailing up his muscled arm three drinks later. The two of them had relocated to a more private lounge. It turned out that Fandral was good tries with the owner of the club and had access to the VIP area. In there, Tony got to meet a few of his friends, but not the owner yet. When he saw his other options, he was glad he’d settled for Fandral.
He looked at the little bottle for a long moment, but then grabbed the cash from his pocket, passing it to the dealer. “Fine.”
“Uh, you know I have constitutional rights. You can’t just randomly test me,” Tony rolled his eyes, staying the hell away from that cup.
Steve tensed just a bit, taking the moment to press his face into the other’s neck before speaking again. “We made pancakes,” He listed, “and went to the park, and listened to Harry Potter on tape, and, uh…” He paused, “And Peter asked if Tony could come to his piano recital…”
“What the fuck is this?”
“Can we go get ice cream?!” He bounced as he walked. Steve and Sam could have predicted it; ice cream was Peter’s favorite way to celebrate.
“Best damn peewee goalie in New York,” Sam boasted to the parents sitting around them. Steve smiled up at him. This was what he loved about Sam. Tony had never been this parental.
1:30 on Sunday -S
Hate me all you want, but don’t crush Peter’s dream to get back at me. He doesn’t deserve that and you know it. -S
“Tony,” Hill moved forward, trying to do that thing where she pretends that she cares about him so he’ll do what she wants. “Tony, we have a deal. You can’t back out now.”
There was a sharp sting, and Tony fell back in surprise He had been seeing red, sure, but had he really been so oblivious to the people around him? “What the… what the fuck…” He slurred, stumbling back and into a large pair of arms. Who the fuck was holding him…?
“Well, an organization like that could only remain faceless for so long. Pretty soon they needed a leader or Captain, if you will,” Peter smirked at what was clearly a play on words.
“...Not a problem… see tonight…”
Steve squeezed him tight, hating to see his baby boy so upset. “I don’t know, baby,” He admitted. “I’ll invite him, okay? But he might be too sick to come, Little Bug.”
Steve sucked in a harsh breath through his nose. “You’re jealous of your three year old son?”
The coke worked wonders on his busy mind. It gave him tunnel vision of sorts, at least for information. It let him focus on just one thing, working as fast as his mind seemed to go, and he got shit done. So what if he was destroying his body? He always had a feeling he was gonna die young anyway. He might as well get some shit done in the meantime.
Tony’s words hung in the air for a long moment, Parker and Hill sharing a look that made Tony’s stomach drop into his feet. This… wasn’t good. What had he gotten mixed up in?
“It’s cold,” Tony complained, stumbling out of the club on Fandral’s arm.
Now that he had a little something in his system, Fandral was a lot more attractive. It was hard to keep his hands off of them as they danced, but thankfully that seemed to be a full contact sport. He pressed close to the blond, Fandral’s muscled chest against his back as he moved his hips to the music. Tony closed his eyes as lips found his neck, and he sighed in delight. His whole body felt alight, awake, and his mind was finally at peace.
“Not really,” He somehow managed to quip, “that’s kinda my shtick.” Tony even dared to sit up as he looked at The Captain’s back. He was an asshole… but damn if he wasn’t built. Tony glanced across the room, finally able to focus enough and see where he was.
“Wearing it out today?” She asked, an amused smirk coming over her face.
, “I don’t need you to feel bad for me because I got my ass kicked by a fucking mobster. I know when shit starts to get bad and I know when I have to leave. I stay here, I’m gonna get fucking killed, so just leave me alone--got it!?”
“I don’t want to talk right now, Baby Face,” He snapped at him. He didn’t look up to see the hurt flash across his face. He didn’t need to.
Tony slipped out of bed, putting the phone back on the table and wandering out of the bedroom. He was still naked, but that didn’t bother him much.
“I’m Fandral,” He introduced.
Tony was already rushing to the men’s section and only glanced over at the petite woman, “Yeah, hey, good morning,” He grunted, not paying any mind to the calculated look she sent his way.
“You said,” the Captain ran his hands down his back, groping at his ass through his jeans, “that might lips might be fun to kiss. Wanna find out?”
“Hey, come on, stop screaming!” The Captain removed his hands but didn’t step away. It was only then that Tony even realized that too-loud sound was because he was yelling. He curled into his pillows and looked at The Captain with wide eyes, his breathing still erratic. “Okay, good,” the larger man soothed, “just try and focus on your breathing, okay? You’re gonna make yourself pass out like that.”
“I’m sorry, Peter,” Tony sighed, “But I had such a great time seeing you today.”
“But I’m afraid I need your help.”
Tony’s ears perked up, and he looked at the blond with hungry eyes. “Yeah?”
“Tony, you have a fucking job to do, do it!” An angry voice hissed in his ear, dragging Tony back to reality. He swallowed a few times and cleared his throat, “Wanna dance again?”
Long sappy note at the end of the chapter, I've made you wait long enough.
the drugs.
The younger man pulled his arms closer around himself, breaking into a light jog to get away, but Peter was faster and yanked him around.
Tony followed the man into his ‘home’, looking around at the place. It was a mess, and the man looked like he never left. But Thor had said he was a good dealer, had the right stuff Tony would need. “How much?” He blurted out.
“Well, uh,” Peter continued, twisting his fingers together as he spoke, “I, um, I wanna, uh, wanna invite--invite Daddy…”
Peter gave him a calculated look, frowning just a little bit. He looked like he wanted to say something, and Tony almost wanted him to. Come on, Parker. Say something. Say something.
It felt like prison.
The code that Tony was working on was hard, and even he would admit it. Howard wasn’t just some rich dude who was kinda smart--he was a genius. And Tony was quickly figuring out that he didn’t want anyone without a password to get into these files. Sitting here and staring at them didn’t seem to be doing him any good, and he knew that he wasn’t going to make any progress with a weak ass high and in this fucking white walled room.
The divorce had been the worst month of Steve’s life. Tony begged him to stay, and God did he want to. But he couldn’t; a drunken Tony was a danger to his son and Steve wouldn’t force Peter into a childhood just like his own. Tony said he would sober up, and Steve almost believed him, but getting sober was a process, one that he wouldn’t make Peter be around for.
Tony swallowed, looking at Fandral, then Thor, and back to the Captain. “Uh, Tony,” Fandral told him.
“Tony,” Peter’s voice was low now, “please. Just… listen.” Tony didn’t say anything, but he didn’t walk away either. Peter continued, “The Captain and The Warriors Three are bad people. They ruin lives. That Valhalla mix--we need to get it off the streets as soon as we can. I know that taking drugs away probably isn’t something you’re in love with, but good lives are being wasted.”
Tony clenched his teeth, “That’s cheap fucking blow, even for a pig like you,” He shot at her, “Lucky for me though my parents didn’t give a shit about me, so I don’t really give a shit about them either.”
When Tony got home, he pulled the flash drive out from his underwear. They patted him down like a goddamn criminal going in and out of that room, but Tony figured they must have gone through hell to get the code in the first place. He tucked the drive in his lock box, hidden under his bed for now. He had the code, now he just needed some… inspiration.
Tony’s hand curled around his neck, supporting his head and holding him close; tight like he might slip away. “I love you, too, Peter.”
“Who are you convincing there, Parker?” Tony quipped, “Me or you?”
“I don’t like liars,” The Captain spoke to him in a deadly low voice, “Now how fucking old are you?”
“Do you ever stop talking?” The Captain didn’t look at him while he spoke, just stared out the window to the forest outside. This seemed much more on-brand for the ruthless mob boss he’d experienced before. Whatever just happened there… was some sort of freak accident. No matter, lightning doesn’t strike twice.
“Tony, come on,” Peter put a hand on his shoulder, “this is grounds to search your apartment, even your home back in Malibu, how much are we gonna find there? How long could we put you away?”
“Papa?”
“Yeah yeah, okay,” He copied Tony with a smirk. “And your code if you need us?”
“Come on, kid, get out of here. I’ll even let you leave in one piece if you just turn around and walk out right now. No need to make a scene.”
Peter visibly deflated, and Steve would give anything to be able to fix it, to make it all better for his baby boy. “So… you can’t come?”
“Everyone out!” The Captain ordered and the men in the room managed to scramble out of there in an impressive thirty seconds. Tony was just getting to his feet again when the Captain’s hand clamped down on his arm. “Not you.”
Tony fought the urge to snap at her about it, knowing that his declining mood wasn’t her fault--god he felt itchy. “Yeah--I guess I am. Here, I’ll uh.. donate this one.” He tossed the old shirt over the counter, “I don’t really need it any more, uh, keep the change--” He was already walking out the store door as the woman tried to protest (and who could blame her, who wanted his booze infested shirt? No matter how cool it looked…), rushing down the street before she could stop him.
“I can be yours,” Tony tempted, his breath hitching as the Captain flicked his thumb over his slit, sending a shiver down his spine.
“Okay, so the mic is in your necklace,” Peter informed Tony, “Make sure you don’t take it off, or this whole thing is pointless. Try not to tuck it into your shirt, either, so we can have clear audio.”
“I’ll be good,” he breathed, leaning forward and mouthing at the Captain’s neck, “I’ll be good for you.”
Tony hummed, rocking into his hand as the world around him seemed to fade away, “I would do it for less,” He admitted, not even realizing the words as he said them, “maybe just some company…”
The request left Steve speechless.
“Fine,” He muttered, turned on his heel, and left with a dramatic teenage slam of the door.
Talk about mixed messages. First The Captain ties him up to go through detox on his own and gives no care to how painful and terrifying that would be for Tony and now he is making sure he’s hydrated?
“Valhalla,” Thor shrugged, “He’s a junkie, Captain. Harmless.”
“It’s been a long day for me, too,” He sighed, blinking up at the bigger man as temptingly as he could, “think you got something to take the edge off?”
Tony frowned; that was a big number. He had always vowed to keep off the big bad stuff like that, it was easier to overdose on and fucked up people’s lives. But… hell, why had he thought that? It was amazing, he felt alive with that rush, he felt like a god.
Tony takes a trip.
“Stark,” Hill turned back to him, “You got an in with this guy? Think he would meet up with you again?”
Tony thought that maybe he was through the worst of it. He felt a little more in control of his body, and when he felt like he needed to run to the toilet, he at least was able to make it there in time--which was a hell of a step up from making a mess on the bed.
Tony stepped closer, reaching out to inspect the bottle but it was yanked away by the dealer. He frowned at the taller man. “What
“I’ll, uh, I’ll just be on my way, then…” He muttered but the Captain whirled on him now, watching as Tony stumbled and tried to stand, but the room was spinning and wow, was that stuff this strong yesterday?
Fandral turned to look at him, his lips pulling into a smirk. “Oh, you want a little something to keep you busy…?” He pulled on some pants, jumping up and down a bit to get them all the way up on his hips. He then reached into his top drawer, pulling out two packets of white powder. “You are a needy little thing, I’ll give you that. If I didn’t know any better, I might think you’d never gotten high before!”
“Do you?”
Feedback gives me life! Please let me know what you think so far, this is still a WIP so suggestions are more than welcome :)
I’ll be there. -T
The Captain wasn’t moving from the window and he didn’t seem like he was going to say or do anything anytime soon. Tony frowned. He had never been comfortable in silence and this was more than an uncomfortable situation already. But if there was one thing that this horrible detox was showing him it was that he had nothing to lose. This was rock bottom.
“Papa made me wear my fancy clothes!” He blurted out, and once Tony opened the damn the words kept spilling out. Peter dragged his father to sit next to Steve on the pew, climbing between the two of them and babbling about his latest game, the new moves Sam taught him, the things he was learning about in school. Tony didn’t yell, didn’t complain, didn’t look anything but the picture parent. He listened, he nodded, and he oh’d and ah’d in all the right places.
by tomorrow. But it seemed like… she trusted him? No, surely not.
“Fandral?” He called, peeking into the kitchen.
There was another tense silence that hung through the air as The Captain considered his words. It looked like he was not deciding on whether he was going to keep him alive or not; it looked like he was deciding on whether to tell Tony the truth. “I don’t want you to die,” He finally answered.
Sam smoothed his hands up and down Steve’s arms, “Hey, hey, don’t work yourself up, Darling...” He kissed Steve’s forehead again, this time leaving his lips there. “I’ll be there, I’ll step in if anything happens. I can get Peter out of there in a minute flat.”
, not as Anthony. '
the loudest ones.
he thought slumping and moving on the edge of the room.
“Where is my room?” she asked, suppressing her growl. “JARVIS, show Ms. Rogers to her room,” He said to the empty room except her. To her surprise, the room spoke back. “Ms. Rogers, If you walk through the door at your left and take a right turn, the second door is your room,” it said. She gave a startled look at Stark. “Pretty impressive right? It’s my AI. You can ask anything you want, and he will help you. On a side note, if you don’t like your room and feel free to join me for the night.” he said, giving her a coy smile. She glared at him and walked away. She didn’t come out the entire day. She wanted to scream, cry and punch someone. She just resigned herself to lying awake, wallowing in the darkness of her mind.
“Here, shh... “ Fandral kissed his neck, making Tony tilt his head back once more. There was a tickling sensation a little lower and when Tony moved to see what it was, a strong hand held him in place. It tickled as Fandral snorted the line off of his skin, and he couldn’t help but laugh again.
Steve stared at the screen, shaking with livid rage. How dare he! How could Tony treat him like this?! He typed out several hateful drafts before settling with something more benign. He wasn’t going to play into that.
“You know ...Police have been...he’s important…”
Tony didn’t remember getting home, but he remembered how the bottle burned in his pocket. Black tar. He just bought fucking
. The man was covered in so much mystery, and he worked with his father, and he just had to know more about him… but like fuck if he was going to do that with a cop in his ear.
“Alright fine,” Tony nodded, “where do I go?”
“I don’t like you.” Tony spoke up after his breathing finally calmed down enough to think. Still, his voice was laced with the pestilence of a scolded child.
Steve looked up, past black slacks and a red shirt, a classic black tie, into the familiar glasses framed face of his first love. He looked nothing like Drunk Tony; his eyes were clear, his hair combed back into place. He looked like the man Steve fell in love with.
Thor ran his eyes over Tony slowly, and he squirmed for a moment before Fandral’s hand squeezed his hip. Right. This was the boss, and he probably wanted to show off.
“I’m going to the bathroom,” He told Parker, ignoring his worried look as Tony left the room. Once he made it into the stall he pulled out a packet from Fandral, turning it over a few times in his hands. Why the hell did he even do this to himself?
It wasn’t perfect, but they were getting there.
Steve grinned triumphantly at the phone screen but it shattered mere seconds later.
The first year of marriage had been wonderful. The honeymoon stage seemed like it would never end and the two of them had never felt better. But Steve wanted a baby. He wanted a baby with every fiber of his being--he saw them everywhere! And Tony wasn’t sure. He said he wasn’t ready; said they should enjoy their marriage alone for a little bit longer…
The minute Tony stepped into Brooklyn’s Finest he felt like he had been transported into another time. The whole place looked like a 1920s speakeasy; complete with heavy smoke, cloudy mirrors, scantily clad dancers, and an eerie red light around the entire bar. He walked up to the bar, checking himself out in the mirror and frowning. He looked way too fucking sober for this shit… He glanced to the left, watching a woman take the hand of a man from the bar. He slipped her a twenty and she pulled him away behind a curtain. Tony ordered a vodka.
“Hey.”
He let out a booming laugh, slapping his ass before pulling out the bullet from the night before, “God, you’re such a little slut! Here, come on have your fill my precious.”
Steve glanced down at his phone from where he sat in the stands at Peter’s game. He had to do a double take at the message. Two days later and he was finally hearing from Tony? His eyes were glued to the notification, the teasing pulse of “slide to unlock”.
“You got good taste, Fandral. Look at this little cock slut!” He pushed Tony’s head down and the younger man almost gagged as he suddenly had to take more than he was planning on. “Fuck, that’s right, suck it down, you needy little bitch.”
This was a sketchy place, but that was to be expected with a drug deal. It was nearly on the other side of the city, tucked away between two alley’s and looked like a condemned little side building more than a place someone lived (but he supposed that was the point, wasn’t it?). Tony knocked the code into the door, and a few moments later it opened to reveal a tall, thin, man with wicked eyes and a heartless grin.
“Holy shit, that’s him,” Peter spoke now in his ear, “remember Tony, be quiet and listen.”
While he’d been able to put it off for three days by means of that little problem, he couldn’t any longer. Sunday was approaching and Steve would have to at least do good by Peter and ask.
“You weren’t at your apartment last night or this morning,” She cut to the chase.
Steve loved Tony, he really did--he still did.
“Okay, blunt.”
Tony took the chance to plug in his personal flash drive (ugh, an actual flash drive, kill him now) and begin the download process. Not everything, just enough to get a start on this monster. “Yeah, but you’re a little too defensive. If you were just straight you would have said so by now,” he reminded him.
“Yeah, Buck was like that, too… I’ll make sure he’s not alone.”
Tony snorted, “Coulda fooled me.” Tony was playing with fire right now but his strange confidence from his complete mental breakdown made him feel invincible--for better or for worse. “What’s up with the lame-ass glasses?”
“Tony,” Hill brought his attention back to the argument at hand, “we think The Captain is responsible for your parents’ murder.”
Okay. I really thought that this story was in my fic graveyard. I reached a total dead end with writer's block and I had basically written banished this off to my hiatus folder. But every now and then I would get those little kudos emails and I recently went back and read the comments and it sounds cheesy but I remembered why I started writing this fic. So buckle up, we're riding this bitch out to the end.
“I’m trying to make you see reason, Tony,” He corrected him, “If we can take down Thor Odinson, we can help a lot of people.”
Take that,
A smirk pulled at the corner of Tony’s mouth and he crossed his arms over his chest. Okay. So he was putting this together a little faster than the cops. Well, not too out there considering he was a bit of a genius. “I want immunity,” He demanded, “I’ll work with you, I’ll tell you what I know and I’ll help you bring them in but I want immunity and I want to do this my way.”
What would it be like to jump into that water? It was cold, probably. Was the jump long enough that it would kill him on impact? Or would he panic, fight for his life in the water as it pulled him down again and again? He didn't want to die, at least he didn’t think he did. But if he was dead, he wouldn’t have to deal with all of this. He wouldn’t have to deal with how much of a fuck up junkie he was, he wouldn’t have to deal with the police, he wouldn’t have to deal with letting down Parker like he let down everyone else. He wouldn’t have to deal with The Captain.
Tony just stared up at him in horror, and the Captain slapped him again.
“Bullshit.”
The young man flushed, clearing his throat, “Right. Well, we started getting a name to go along with the deliveries: The Captain.”
“Now you want to draw a little attention to yourself as possible, Tony,” Peter reminded him for about the tenth time, “Seriously. Just keep your mouth shut and listen. These guys are pretty extreme and we’ll be around the block to pick you up if you get in a little trouble but you’re going into the lion’s den. You need to be safe.”
“--and we have the right to have you drug tested at any time we see fit. And now seems like a good time,” She gave him a wicked smile, “unless of course, you would rather we search your person and apartment instead?”
“Tony, hey come on, where are you going?” Peter spoke in his ear, but Tony just reached up, yanked it out and tossed it on the ground. Fuck if he was going to listen to some stupid cops right now telling him about everything he did wrong. He fucked up and he knew it, he didn’t need to see Hill’s stupid fucking face when she told him.
“Fuck!” Tony shouted, kicking the stall door. In a fit of rage, he tossed the baggie into the toilet, flushing it down before he could stop himself. For a moment, he felt high in its own way.
It was the first time Tony drank in 10 years.
“We’re visiting Sam, Pete,” Steve dismissed, trying to keep his voice tranquil and non-threatening.
Tell him I can’t make it. I’ll be in Berlin. -T
But then another stab from the headache hit, and Tony fell to his knees, gripping the toilet seat. He reached into the water, desperate and clawing at the back of the bowl. What had he done--
He was a fucking idiot for tossing that baggie. And all for what--because he wanted to feel like he was in control? Because he wanted to prove to The Captain that he wasn’t some sort of drug-dependent loser? Fuck The Captain. All of Tony’s misery seemed to be coming back to The Captain.
“Cut the crap, Stark, I’m writing up a search warrant right fucking now, I knew we shouldn’t trust a Stark--”
“I would love to, Pete,” Tony sunk to his knees, smiling at his son, “But I have to get back to work. I had a great time watching you play! You were fantastic.”
Tony looked down, feigning a blush as he pulled on his pants. What the fuck was he getting himself into? “Yeah, sure, you got my number?”
“You know, I prefer the term, ‘recreational enthusiast--” Tony started but he shut the hell up when she held out the cup to him.
Where? -T
“For your cooperation.”
“Daddy?” Peter turned his puppy dog gaze to his father, and Tony bit his lip. They slowed to a stop on the side walk.
“Fuck!” Fandral slammed into him again, Tony’s head crashing into the wall behind him. “Fuck! Yes, hgnn, yes…”
Maybe he shouldn’t have taken that black tar. It helped his shakes, sure, it helped his body stop aching, but he felt like shit.
Email was too formal. Besides, Tony hated email because it “reminded him of work”. Tony probably didn't even check his email regularly anymore; it could be days before he replied. So texting seemed like the only option (even if it wasn’t his favorite method of communication).
Tony doesn’t talk to Peter again for a long while, just sitting at his stupid office chair while he waits for it to be late enough to meet up with Fandral. It figures that he would get himself into this stupid fucking situation. He should have just taken the drug charge in the first place and left all this Captain bullshit behind him. Howard Stark was still fucking him up, even from beyond the grave.
“Come on,” He urged, “Come on, let’s dance--I wanna dance!”
“I’m not doing this anymore,” He told Detective Hill flatly.
“Sounds mysterious. And you think that was my dad?”
Peter rolled his eyes but decided to answer Stark anyway. “The Howling Commandos. They were kinda like a vigilante group. They were working out of Brooklyn, roughing up and taking down any gangsters, pimps, drug dealers--you name it. Every morning the station got a “present” from them; be it some confiscated weapons or felons ready for booking.”
And the real fucked up part? A little part of Tony was touched.
Howling Commando… Tony knew his father did some less than legal things, but he didn’t know the nitty gritty of it all. “Look, New York may be my birthplace, but I was shipped off to boarding school as soon as I could walk,” Tony reminded Parker, “And I’ve been living in Malibu for the last year. What’s a Howling Commando?”
“Maybe you should find out, then.” The Captain chuckled, and Tony tilted his head to the side for a moment.
“Go on, Little Bug,” Steve nodded, giving him a warm smile. Peter ran forward, wrapping his arms around his legs. For a moment, Steve could pretend that this was them--that this was always them.
for letting it all get to him. His life was a joke, he was a worthless piece of shit and no amount of drugs and stupid jokes could change that about him.
TW: Tony flashes back to cutting himself with glass. Tony hates himself a lot in this chapter.
“Come on, Little Boy, this area is for grown-ups only.” Tony felt his blood boil.
you, okay?”
Gross.
“Ask someone for a gin and tonic, yeah I know,” Tony assured him. He poked at the tiny device embedded in his ear, “You sure no one is going to see this?”
Steve only sighed, looking down at the shirt he was already wearing, “But is it too green? Blue makes my eyes look better, but the red is more classy--”
God, he already felt like shit, the last thing he needed was for this bitch to throw his head in a god damn blender.
Tony huffed, turning around to walk away, but his voice stopped him again. “The Captain is all that’s keeping The Warriors Three safe. If you could, wouldn’t you want to save someone else from getting hooked?”
“Stark Industries stopped making weapons in 1982--”
(See the end of the chapter for
The words hung in the air, and Tony let them sink in. There was a silent ‘
As Steve went off with Peter, Sam and Tony stayed back, watching the two leave.
Peter giggled, hugging his leg tighter. “Helping!”
“What are you drinking?” Tony told him, and the blond ordered them two more.
Oh okay, wow. She wasn’t even going to try and appeal to him. It was straight to the blackmail. Well, good to know that was where they stood. “I really don’t give a flying fuck,” Tony told her, “Arrest me. I’ll get a good lawyer, I’m the heir to the Stark Fortune, after all.”
“Thor Odinson. Thirty years old, and a citizen of both the United States and Norway. He does a lot of traveling between the two countries, smuggling money and his own notable strain of drugs called, ‘Valhalla’,” Parker read off to Tony, “He’s bringing in the drug, then switching to the much cheaper black tar once his customers are hooked. Now, we don’t want any heroin running around our city but this stuff is bad news. It’s really low quality and causes a lot of overdoses. Since he’s been in the area, we’ve seen a 40% spike in drug related deaths.”
Peter pulled out a case file, setting it down on the desk for Tony to see. “He’s ex-military, a man by the name of Steve Rogers. He took control of the Commandos real early on, enough that we think he was one of the guys who built it. When they weren’t killing people they weren’t too much of a problem. We stay out of their way, they stay out of ours. But… I mean, when bodies start piling up…. We don’t like the bad guys, but we have a code. Justice. The right way.” He ran a hand through his hair, “And to make matters worse? About a week ago the Captain started cleaning shop, we think something big is going to happen and soon. That’s why we need to get him away as fast as possible.”
Tony rolled his eyes, “Yeah, he was a dealer he had a big supply but clearly not the guy in charge if that’s what you’re asking.”
Tony wasn’t sure how the fuck this happened, but he sure as hell wasn’t complaining.
Sam was great, really. Sometimes he was the only thing that kept Steve going (and he hated those days--Peter should be more than enough to keep him going). Sam was supportive, and he let Steve and Peter move in without a second thought. He helped Steve, listened to him, and did everything he could for him. Not to mention, he was great with Peter. He practiced soccer in the yard with him everyday, helped him with the carpool; hell, sometimes, when Steve was too tired or too sick, he would let him stay in bed all day and take off work so Peter had someone.
And I'm back! Gonna try and stay with this momentum.
“Huh?” Tony sat up now. As he looked around, the pieces of the night before came back. This wasn’t his apartment, this wasn’t his bed… but it sure as hell was nice…
Tony had to try hard not to laugh. Half of the NYPD was listening to this, fucking… great.
“Why don’t we fuck anymore?!” The drunken Tony slurred, “We haven’t fucked in a month!”
The door slammed open, and Detective hill was standing there, one hand on her hip, close to her gun, and the other holding a file in a clenched fist. “Up,” She ordered, “Hands above your head, step away from the desk.”
“Come on, Tony,” The younger man sighed, jogging to catch up with him. Come on, Parker. What did he have to do to push this one away? How long would it take for him to stop caring? Maybe he could set a new record.
“You were a star, Little Bug,” Steve agreed, “Best on the team.”
“I’m here to see The Captain,” He informed the man, who laughed even louder at his words.
Yeah, fucking great, Peter what the hell did he think Tony was doing--sight seeing?!
“So what you’re saying is--”
“I bet you fuck Peter!” Tony shouted and shoved past Steve, reaching his son’s bedroom door. “Peter!” He yelled, pouting against it with his fist, “Peter! Does Papa fuck you?!”
Tony didn’t bother even pretending this wasn’t what he was here for. He walked up to the VIP section, slipping past the bar and almost right into Fandral.
Steve’s eyebrows knit together and he leaned forward. “Yeah, Peter, I know…”
And… holy shit. He was bigger than Thor was, just as muscled, and he was devastatingly gorgeous. He was terrifying, though, with obvious guns strapped onto his chest under his coat, and a very pissed off expression. He locked eyes on Tony (who suddenly remembered that he still has a cock in his mouth) and growled.
“Tony,” Peter gave him a firm look. He seemed a lot older, out of his police uniform and in normal clothing. “You’re a civilian, you’ve been hurt. We need to take you to the hospital.”
“I know some people,” Fandral shrugged, “They get some really quality stuff made, it’s a great mix, don’t you think?” Tony nodded. “H is a magical thing…”
Tony didn’t want to do this stupid ‘mission’ anymore.
Wow! I'm so happy to see so many people coming out of the woodworks for support. I'm just tickled pink you guys--and it encourages me to finish this thing!
Angry Tony smashed the crystal vase Sharon got them as a wedding gift.
Honestly, it didn’t sound like too bad of an idea, considering he would likely wake up to Clint once more rather than The Captain, but he felt compelled to obey what he asked of him. The two of them stared at each other for a long while, The Captain using his left hand to show him when to breathe, steadily lifting it up and down in time. As he came back to himself, he was able to really think about what happened. And what he thought?
The recital was starting and Steve had to bend down and remind his son to be quiet, that they could talk to Daddy more later, and that they were listening now. The program was short, and after a shaky rendition of the Itsy Bitsy Spider, it was Peter’s turn to play. Steve gave him a messy kiss on the cheek, and he paused to give Tony a big hug before running up to the stage.
A long moment hung through the air, and before Tony could beg to just leave, the Captain sat down, dragging Tony with him to rest on his lap. It was a position Tony was extremely familiar with, but not one he thought the Captain would be interested in.
Tony actually laughed. “That’s… so lame!” He rolled his eyes, “You’re kidding me--this guy is serial killing bad guys and wants to do a little finger painting on the side?”
Sam bristled the same, his gaze still on Peter rather than the man next to him. “... Yeah. We are.”
Peter visibly deflated, “I-I was just--I wanted--” His lower lip began to tremble and he had to cut himself off.
There were a few different queues for Tony to realize that he was hallucinating. His first clue was that The Captain wasn’t wearing his usual suit and holstered guns. This Captain was wearing a faded t-shirt and some relaxed jeans--though it was still likely there was a gun in his waistband, even in Tony’s imagination. His second clue was that his brows were pulled together in the middle with concern rather than irritation. The Captain had never once shown him anything that wasn’t frustration or rage. Tony must be feeling really damn pathetic to be imagining The Captain of all people looking at him with pity.
Sam turned around in his arms; shock clear on his face. “He did?”
Tony chuckled, leaning back in his chair, “Well… yeah.”
Tony has questions.
Steve’s heart dropped. All this time he had been worried about what it would be like with Tony there--all the “what if’s”. He’d forgotten: What if Tony doesn’t show? It would break Peter’s heart, he was sure of it. What kid wouldn’t be devastated? Anger bubbled up and he clenched his jaw.
The slap was sudden, hard, and sent Tony reeling. He was back on the floor again and his lip was bleeding, he was sure of it.
“The fuck is this supposed to be,” He hissed, but his stomach was in big knots and he felt like he was going to ralph.
Steve bit his lip. Was this a trick? Some sort of sick, cruel joke?
“Right,” He put his hands up, sitting back in his own chair, “Stupid question. Rookie question.”
Tony closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. She was giving him a lot of leeway, he could easily just skip town tonight and be in the wind before they realized. Hell, he could leave the
Parker looked genuinely surprised at that question. “Well, your father was a Howling Commando. If there’s even a tiny chance this coding has any information on that--we’ll do anything to get our hands on it.”
Just when he thought he was finally asleep once more, Tony shot straight up with a desperate, gulping, breath for air. Something was wrong. Something was wrong with him, his heart felt like it was beating out of his chest and he could see the blood pumping in his veins. His skin looked like it was crawling and when he slapped at his bare arms he couldn’t get it to go away.
“Yeah?” He breathed, “Like what?”
Tony hummed, taking two easy hits from the bullet and letting his head fall back in delight. “Fuck, you got all the nice stuff, babe…” He drawled. Fandral was touching him, but he wasn’t present any more.
“Come on.” Fandral was pulling at Tony now, and he was surprised that he didn’t fall over, considering he couldn’t find the ground. How long had they been dancing? Hadn’t they only just started? “--need another hit.”
“Tony.”
Hell, maybe he really did hate Steve.
Before he could think the man was yanking Tony back by his shirt and sending him across the floor. He fell back on his arms and stared up at him with big eyes. “Hey, what’s the problem?” He shot, trying to act like he wasn’t about to shit his pants.
Clint’s presence was comforting, despite the situation. He didn’t talk but rather just read in the corner or played around on his phone. For the most part, he pretended that Tony wasn’t there. While at first it was annoying, considering how many questions he still had, it was a relief that Clint didn’t look at him like some sort of freak when he seemed to find himself somewhere other than that bedroom.
“So you like dick.”
“Right,” Parker returned to the story, “the organization started to get bigger, and we knew it was only a matter of time before until power got to someone’s head. It’s just what people are like, and this Captain had a lot of power. The good lasted for a long time, a surprisingly long time, but about a year ago there was a clear shift. Drugs were working their way back into Brooklyn, perps were showing up dead in the streets, in front of the station--”
Steve glanced up at the field in time to see Peter smiling proudly at the two of them.
Pity. Tony recognized it at once and it made his stomach churn. “Look,” He spun back around, his eyes flaring and his head just wouldn’t stop
“Something to get you where you need to be,” He told him, “250.”
“Of course we can!” He laughed, “We’ll even get sprinkles!”
Peter sniffled and nodded, “I know…” He told him.
“We are your employer now, Mr. Stark--”
Peter continued to retell the game in vivid detail for the rest of dinner, Sam and Steve lingering on his every word. Once he calmed, Steve decided it was time to speak up.
“Firebird! You’re here!”
The words of The Captain bounced around in his head, and Tony slumped down the wall, pulling at his hair.
“Shut the fuck up.”
“Fuck this,” Tony breathed out, grabbing his coat off the chair and leaving his apartment once more. If he stayed in this damn apartment trying to figure out this stupid code, he was just going to feel sorry for himself, and he was way too sober to feel sorry for himself.
Tony’s eyebrow pulled together in frustration and confusion. However, Thor was quick to appear and explain, “You’ve been blacklisted, little one,” He informed the man. “Captain’s orders. You’re not getting any Valhalla any time soon.”
But Steve wasn’t ready to do that.
Well, then the work phone call made a bit more sense. “Yeah, someone called you,” he told him, gesturing back into the bedroom as he walked over. He had barely been awake for five minutes and he was itching for something to take the edge off. He would have to bring some home if he wanted to get any work done anyway, and Fandral seemed to be in good supply--or at least know a good supplier. “I would have rather showered with you, though…”
“I owe a debt.” The Captain’s voice rumbled out after a moment of silence. “I kept you alive. I’d like to end it there and get you out of my hair and out of my city as soon as possible.”
His eyes opened as wide as they could and he could feel his heart pounding in his ears, in his fingers, in his toes. “Fu-Fuck!” He laughed, then finished the line and stood up. Everything was so much brighter, and he could finally move as fast as his thoughts. He went back to his board, furiously reviewing his project. How could he have been so stupid, of course! The answer was right here….
Aside from a few drunken calls from Tony (Tony only ever had the nerve to call when he was drunk), Steve was happy. Sam made him happy, and Peter loved him… and Steve wanted to.
Steve knew he would start asking about Tony again, it was bound to happen and two years seemed like plenty of time to get curious. Yet somehow, Steve had figured it would happen much much later--after things were magically fixed.
’ in all of that. Peter must already know he was hooked. Did he see how much his hands were shaking? Did he know how scared Tony was that he wouldn’t be able to get another fix?
Saint Michael's Church. -S
“Good, the sooner that’s over the sooner we can get this all taken care of.”
“Hey,” He greeted back, but didn’t get a chance to say much else before Peter took notice of the new comer.
Steve sighed, letting Sam pull back and leaned up to kiss him. “I know,” he said after they separated. “I… I’m scared to see him, Sam.” The last time Steve had seen Tony in person had been in the courtroom. They were fighting, again, when Steve said he really wanted to go through with it. Tony had looked him right in the eye and told him he hated him.
“Tony.”
Tony turned in his semi-awake state, the words around him fading in and out as he started listening less and less to them. The more he was asleep, the better. The less he had to feel. The less he had to see.
Yeah, no shit. Tony rolled his eyes but kept back the snotty comment. He wasn’t in the mood for that this morning. He hadn’t gotten any sleep the night before, and he was sure it showed on his face. Tony couldn’t help it, but the events of the night before just kept playing over and over again on his mind. The Captain’s hands on his hips, his voice in his ear, the way the drugs pumped through him made him feel like he was red, pulsing and floating at the same time. It should have been great, fun even. People don’t turn down Tony Stark.
“Well, we’ll have to ask Daddy,” he nodded carefully, glancing back to Tony, who was still at Peter’s side. He had been quiet for the night, and hardly even looked at Steve. Not that he was surprised… Tony hated him. He said he hated him.
“You’re going to make yourself pass out again,” He simply sighed. He wasn’t angry, he wasn’t caring, he almost sounded bored. He began the same hand motion as he did last time to guide Tony’s breathing. Tony hated that he quickly fell into the motions of it.
The third time Tony came home drunk, Steve was furious. Tony had promised he was getting clean--that he was in AA! They fought, yelling as loud as they dared with Peter sleeping.
Maybe Steve should have left it there, just explained it to Peter and taken him out for ice cream. He and Sam would make it up to him in any way they could--they would be what Tony wasn’t.
The room was rather normal, however. Given all the other context clues he would expect fine furnishing for this guest room--that’s what mafia bedrooms were like, right? But this room felt a little more like… a hotel? A slightly fancier Best Western? But what really caught his eye was in the corner of the room by his bed was an IV stand with a bag of fluid attached. It was then that Tony looked down at his hand to see the tapped cannula poking out of his skin.
Tony rolled his eyes, but stood up to snatch the packets for him before he could name a price or something. Perks of sleeping with the man. “Well let’s say I hadn’t in awhile. But damn, that stuff was good--where did you get it?”
Fandral chuckled, stealing a kiss from him again, “Sorry, Firebird. But I think I did a number on you last night, you could use the rest.”
The Captain was a stupid web and Tony couldn’t escape! Fuck being curious, Tony just wanted to be as far away from this asshole.
There was no way this wasn’t a hallucination. Right?
When baby Peter came, the sex stopped. But Tony figured that wouldn’t last long. Babies grew up, after all. But then going out on dates stopped, alone time stopped. When Tony had to go into the city for work one day, he wanted Steve to come. He promised he would get the most qualified nanny in the country but Steve wouldn’t hear it. Not his baby.
------
When Tony made it to the station, he wasn’t all that surprised to see Detective Hill standing next to his desk, arms folded over her chest and glaring at him.
The air was heavy and tense for a long moment. Tony could hear his heartbeat in his ears and feel the blood pulsing in his fingertips. But The Captain didn’t turn on him. He didn’t lunge forward and pull his fist back to attack him. No, he just turned, his expression complete stone.
“Wow,” The Captain breathed, “You really are a slut, aren’t you?”
“Birdie!” Peter shrieked and was already running to the backdoor, wrapping around his leg tightly.
“He’s coming,” Steve glanced at his watch. Tony was coming. It was only 1:20, there was still plenty of time. He was coming.
Tony pulled the packet from his pocket, staring at it in the bathroom stall for a long moment. The Captain said he was disgusting because he was a junkie. Or maybe it was because he was a little slut. Maybe it was because he was a slut
Hill glared back at him, “And by your way you mean coked up.”
Shit, had he? Tony hadn’t looked into a mirror last night, but his hips did hurt like fuck, not to mention the throbbing in his head that felt like more than a hangover. “Well then maybe you could make it up to me…?” He fluttered his lashes at him.
Steve nodded, chewing his lip as he looked up at him. “Yeah… and I think he really wants him to be there.”
!” He screamed, kept screaming, until his throat felt raw and he leaned heavily on the railing of the bridge. Fuck his life. Fuck his father. Fuck
There had been a lot of lows in his life, but getting half a hand job and then thrown on the ground and told he was pathetic by a mobster three times his size was definitely one for the books. Once he made it out of Finest, Tony went straight on his way home, completely blowing past the van outside that held his detective babysitters.
There was the telltale sound of a door closing behind him and someone settling back into a chair. Maybe it was Clint he had been hearing before? No matter, maybe he would start humming to himself again… Tony could never admit it but he found the soft music to be incredibly soothing.
“Well, what would you like?” He asked, pulling him back into the bedroom so that he could get dressed.
But Steve loved Tony, and he refused to think of it as anything but a rough patch.
“So… this is pretty personal?” Tony rolled his eyes, “Got it. You have a vendetta.” He flipped the pen in his hand around, putting all this information together. So Fandral was probably a member of this group, and right now he was working down at ‘Finest’ with this Thor guy--
Peter has a piano recital this Sunday and he wants you to be there. -S
“Hey,” The blond greeted. He wasn’t anything special, but he sure wasn’t an eyesore. It made things easier. He had on similar clothes to Tony; sinfully tight leather pants and a muscle tank that showed off his arms. And god, did he have arms! Tony had long since accepted his muscle obsession (fetish?) and this man’s almost made up for that… questionable facial hair (it was only okay when Tony did that).
“You took Valhalla last night, how the hell did you get that?” She hissed. Peter reacted sharply to her words, standing up as well and staring at Tony in shock.
“Yup, got it last night before I knew you were a sure thing,” He winked, giving him a smack on the ass.
The teen looked at his hands for a while, rubbing at old wounds and callouses, “Who is this Captain guy, Peter? Seriously.”
“Hey, big guy!” Tony smiled down at his son, ruffling his hair (the hair he and Sam took an hour to comb, damn it!), “You look great!”
Steve squeezed his eyes shut, pausing in the doorway. “The man I married already died.”
“Stark--” She growled but Tony waved a hand at her, stepping into the room and stretching his arms over his head.
TW: Tony cuts himself with a shattered mirror and decides he wants to kill himself (but doesn't)
“Hmmmpf, go to bed, Firebird…”
Detective Hill paused, looking at the paperwork before her, then back at Tony. “We can search your person, your apartment. We can put you away for a long time, Tony. We just need some help.”
Steve growled, shaking his head in disgust, which made Tony wonder for a moment. The Captain and the Warriors Three were working together, why would Steve be bothered by the fact that Tony was fucked up? “How old are you?” he demanded from Tony.
The sudden question pulled Sam’s gaze back to Tony, measuring him up for the first time.
He falls back, his ceiling swimming before him and stars going off in his eyes.
Sam took a deep breath, kissing Steve’s forehead. “Can you handle him being there?"
Hill tossed an evidence bag onto the desk, and Tony moved forward to look at it. Inside was a picture, well worn and a little charred on the edges, but mostly intact. It was a picture of him, from his college graduation last year. Neither Howard nor Maria had even shown up.
“Ah! Shit--fuck, that hurts!”
“Didn’t answer the question~” Tony sang back at him, but spun around in his chair, looking at the laptop once more.
He wanted to continue but he but was left stuttering. His throat was raw and he couldn’t find words to express his pure rage and pain and panic and fear. All that escaped him were animalistic sobs as he once more humiliated himself in front of The Captain. Tony looked up to see the disgusted snarl and hear him once again called him pathetic but… it didn’t happen.
“He doesn’t even know my actual name Sam. Look at him, he’s the Prince Charming here. I am nobody. What if I, this disappoints him? Huh? What if he thinks I am a mistake?” he babbled, shoulders stiff and cowering.
"Honey, listen to me, nothing is ruined-" Steve tried to calm him down
the tweet was inspired from this https://mashable.com/article/chris-evans-slams-donald-trump-global-warming-tweet/
“It’s okay Mr. Stark. I get it”, the blond said, thinly lipped and hurt flashing in his face. Tony felt like he was missing something. “Are you-”, “I’m fine Mr. Stark. Now if you’ll excuse me, I uh have work to do. Thank you” the guy threw a weird fake smile and walked away. He didn’t know why but it felt like he made a big mistake. He shook his head and walked out of the cafeteria.
“Or Dum-E would have dragged you to bed after you passed out on your workbench,” Bruce remarked, finishing his touch-ups. “Touché,” he said, slumping down in the chair. Bruce swatted him on the shoulder when his suit got wrinkled. “Hey Did you meet-” “STARK!!”, Bruce’s question was cut off by an agitated voice. “Gotta go. See you at lunch.” Tony said as he rushed out of his room.
gets the wrong picture. He wanted to ask him why he didn’t make it to the party and If he had come, why didn’t he meet him as planned? He had so many questions rolling around his brain. He asked Fury first, just to get a glare and
“I need it. Buy it. Store it.” Tony walked across Pepper, for his morning Shot of espresso.
she thought as they neared them.
And whatever came on the other side of the line was just white noise to Steph. She couldn’t breathe. She felt like the asthmatic girl stuck in her bed. She wanted to go back home. Just go home and see her mom, take care of her. She felt so helpless sitting in her room here, wallowing. She didn’t even notice the call ends. The phone rang again making her jump out of her reverie. It was Mrs. Barnes this time, who frantically explained her mom’s condition. Steph talked to her and promised to come home tomorrow. She thought about asking Stark for . . . what? To take her back home? Permission to visit her mom? Help? The image of blonde and Stark from yesterday came to her mind. She gritted her teeth and let out a frustrated sigh. She paced in her room as she called one person that she thought would help her other than Stark.
“You can, if you don’t want to be stepped on your toes, Old man” he countered.
“Tony you were supposed to-” “Pep, don’t worry I am here. Peter would be ready with my script already so it’s no big deal. I’ll take care of this. Bye Pep” “But Tony, Darcy-”.
came a reply startling Steve.
“No I didn’t you guys cheated” bucky grumbled from his seat. They were all moving back to the old Production control room. Steve came back to the office after taking a day off with a slight limp in his steps. Bucky was laughing and teasing him, till Steve reminded him about the bet. Bucky stared at him and started protesting and accusing, generally being a toddler.
Aunty Maria would have wanted a lot for her. Sarah and Maria were hand in a glove when they were young. They were friends even after they became Sarah Rogers and Maria Stark. She remembers her time with Aunty Maria. All those tales from her travel with her husband. She also remembers the tales Aunty Maria tells occasionally. About true love, marrying the right one, getting married for love. She remembers Aunt Maria's love story. How she was swept off her feet by Howard. She doesn't remember a lot of Howard Stark. The same goes for Anthony Stark.
Tony snapped out of his shock when Barton on camera snorted. “Aww, you were waiting for me? Do I get another chance with you, Mr. Brooklyn?. Maybe I could sweep you off your feet next time.” he said, throwing a flirty smirk at the camera. He was pretty sure he heard a squeak on the other side. “And we are Live in 3 2 1…”, came Natasha’s voice, which made Tony morph into a Stark.
“FRI, play ‘It’s been a Long long time’,” He said and music swelled from the speakers and filled the living room
“Oh Tones! There you are”, he heard and turned around to Darcy, his old producer, standing there. “I was just about to call you. We have one more PSA to record. I gave Peter the whole script. I didn’t know how he missed it-” She rambled steering them towards the studio. Tony took his seat at the studio setup, in front of the camera only to see Barton’s glare.
“No Steve, I kissed you because I like you, and I was trying to ask you out for a while,” Tony said, holding Steve’s face in his hands with a blinding smile now.
“Peter, my intern, locked me and Steve in a room. This was entirely planned by Rhodey” Stark joined them, snaking his hand around Steve. Bucky stared at them Dumb found. “If you need proof for your best friend getting laid, there is a butt imprint on my penthouse glass window” Tony said, making everyone gag or groan around him. Steve pinched his hand, blushing and smiling.
"well it’s kind of, but it's okay now, breathe '' Steve said, holding his hands and trying to control his laugh. "come on! it makes it even worse when you laugh" Tony whined. "Ok ok sorry, it’s kind of-"
pushed himself. Few of the crowd parted as he walked towards Tony.  “Mr. Stark, Tony…”
He looked around the rustic basement, which smelled like mothballs, detergent,
“Well not everyone knows who I am.”,
“When was Tony Stark afraid of rejection?” she gave him a teasing smirk, cutting off his thoughts. “I'm not- I don't know” he sighed. "I guess this- he means something to me," he said, staring off at the distance. "Isn't that enough to ask him out? Tony, if being with him means something to you, it is enough reason to fight for it.",  she gave him an encouraging smile. He smiled back  and walked around the table to hug her. "Thanks, Pep".
Bucky looked around the living room filled with fresh faces. There wasn't a big crowd for the ceremony. There wasn't a reception. They all came back to Stephanie's after the ceremony. Something nagged him in the back. He knows what it is. It was Tony Stark. Stark wasn't a guy for subtlety. He was always the one with glitz and glam. A quiet ceremony was suspicious. Why did he want his sister? was the question nagging him. From what he saw, Stark was a Playboy. Bucky's eyes landed on one Colonel Rhodes. Colonel James Rhodes was an honorable man. He was Stark's best friend. Was he part of this too?
“I know… I know it was just a game. You were just distracting me, it's fine. Caught me off guard is all. Like why would you kiss me? You are Tony Stark, Genius, Billionaire, philanthropist, and Iron man and I am just… me. It just threw me off and got me worried that you knew about my crush and making fun of-”
On the other end, Steve Rogers sighed, taking out his earpiece and mic. He had been in SHEILD for a month now, avoiding this exact situation. Steve became a producer for various reasons. His passion for writing; his liking for the media glams; his friends. But recent times had added a few more reasons. One of which is his current show host. Tony Stark was gorgeous, smart, his type, and totally out of his league. Steve was skinny, gangly, and clumsy at times. Even though he said to his friends that he joined SHIELD networks for their better take-home than his previous job, deep down he knew it was his crush on Stark that sealed the deal.
“Hey Pepper Potts, CEO of my company and light of-” “what did you do Tony?” Pepper sighed, as her Friend and Boss decided to visit her one afternoon, at her office. “Why do you think I did something? Can’t I come in and see how my lovely CEO and her wonderful company are doing?” Tony said, throwing his trademark smirk. She knows he cares. Pepper knew Tony Stark when he flirted with her, on her first day at the job. She knew him when Stane betrayed them. She knew him when he shut down the weapons manufacturing and worked night and day to keep his company standing. She knew Tony who forgot to eat and sleep but still remembered that his receptionist’s granddaughter was a science buff. She also knew Tony would come to her because she was his only other family who would help him
He thought as he wore his ear piece.
he thought as he searched for Mr.Brooklyn. He wanted to tell him about the previous night before anyone else told him. He wanted to clear the air before
“What do you mean ‘he left’?,” Bucky asked, in confusion. “It means exactly what it means”, Steve mumbled, puttering around his work table, just so he could have something to do with his hands, rather than facing his friends. Actually, Steve didn’t know what to say or think about what happened with Tony. Within a minute, his magical night had turned into some confusing dream. He was confused, hurt and angry about everything. His anxiety-addled brain was not helpful either, showing him all kinds of worst case scenarios.
“What are you trying to get rid of me for?”
She only noticed that they reached when a hand reached out to her. Bucky left to sit as she took the hand. She looked up when the hand gave her a gentle squeeze. “Hi,” whispered a strong voice. “Hi,” she squeaked. They didn’t write down their vows. She heard an ‘I do’ to know that it's her time to say it back. She remembered that dark red stain in her mom’s kerchief and replied. To her surprise, a kiss was placed on the ring they just exchanged and not on her lips. It felt like an unseen benefit. When she turned to face the world ahead of her, she knew what happened and who she was now.
“Ah, home sweet home” Stark said, walking into the mansion. The living room was an open floor plan with floor-to-ceiling windows. Stephanie walked in behind him, in awe at the view. He made his way to the bar on one side of the room and made himself a drink, as men brought in their luggage. “So here is the deal,” he said, nursing a drink. “See, the board members of my company think that I am too eccentric, and I think it’s just bullshit. So, we are doing this little stunt, where I act all responsible with you next to me for 3 months. You can go wherever you want and do whatever or do whoever you want, don’t get caught though. Then the stunt could end in less than three months. All your mom’s expenses have been taken care of and after this is over, I’ll pay you too.” He rambled, sauntering over to the couch. She gritted her teeth and resisted the urge to punch him.
Ok I can do this…
See here’s the thing. A month ago, the production control room had been a wreck after the Halloween party, which was happening on the studio floor next to it. So producers had been temporarily shifted to different floors from the studio floors. His previous season had been done before the whole ordeal. So, Tony had taken a short break after. He was told there would be few changes in the next season but he knew nothing about...
“That's funny, “Tony stood up from where he was working and paced. “I thought with it being my plane and all, that it would just wait for me to get there.” Pepper Sighed and continued behind him. “Tony, I need to speak to you about a couple of things before I get you out of the door.”
“- So?”
Aunty Maria had said when She was a little girl.
“It’s not hard buck-”
“If you’ll excuse me. I have to go. Sorry” Steve said, walking off again, without a second glance. “Is he okay?” Darcy asked only to get a stunned silence as a reply. It was also the day Tony Stark took one too many takes to finish his part.
“You’re not entirely wrong,” he said with a dejected look. She is taken aback by the look on him. Ah, this took an interesting turn, she thought. “You like him then,” she said leaning against his workbench. “What are we teenagers ?” he scoffed. “Well, you are acting like one. Why don’t you tell him?”. “Well, seeing as you figured out easily, I would say I am pretty obvious about it. Either he is dumb or he's not interested and letting me down slowly," he said, trying and failing to hide the hurt in his voice. "He's dumb", "Wha-" "You both are dumb. Clean up, common floor, half an hour", Nat said, walking out. "Ok one, I'm a genius. two, why would I do that?" Tony asked swirling around in his chair to be faced with an eyebrow arch and deadpanned look.
“Congratulations Mr. Stark. It was a wonderful ceremony” said Sarah, walking up to him. “Thank you, Mrs. Rogers. This wouldn’t have been this wonderful without your presence. As I promised I took care of all your medical expenses. You have nothing to worry about now.”  he shot her a sharp smile. This is… not Anthony Sarah knew. Sarah last saw him as the little boy hiding behind Maria’s legs with wet-rimmed eyes and scraped knuckles. This is Anthony Stark, son of Howard Stark. This is just a spoiled rich boy continuing his dad’s dirty work. Oh, what have I done, Sarah sighed to herself. She can now see what a train wreck this is going to be. She knows how self-righteous and stubborn her daughter is. She thought Anthony would be the man Maria wished his boy would become. But now she can see that he has been made into who he was. He was molded into a Stark.
“Hmm..”
He cut her off mid-sentence and walked into his changing room to see his Make up artist and friend Bruce Banner calmly arranging the products on the vanity and Fury pacing and muttering under his breath. “Stark-” “I’m here. I’m here. Less chatty, more working Fury.” He cut him off and took his seat in front of the vanity. “He’ll be ready in 10 mins, Fury” Bruce chuckled and got to work. Fury grumbled and walked out of the room. “You slept on the workbench, didn't you?” Bruce directed a mock glare at him. "Bruciiiee I am hurt. I am hurt that you have such a little faith in me. In our decade-long friendship, have I ever made my Science Bro’s day job tough? Besides, I woke up in bed so clearly I would have gone to bed early” he smirked,
was the only thought left as Steve’s brain short circuited. The kiss was devouring him, lighting a fire in his belly.
His brain rebooted and he realized what happened. Tony kissed him. Tony kissed him and shot him. "Tony" he started and - "MY EYES'' they heard and jumped apart from each other. Clint had dropped his gun and closed his eyes. Steve flushed and began to sputter when Bucky shot Clint. "Missed your shot, Hawkass" Bucky smirked. “Miss Romanoff captured the team Hawks flag. Team winter won.” JARVISs’ voice cut through them. "Hey, not fair, your teammate cheated!! We need a rematch", Clint demanded and they started to bicker. Tony turned to see Steve walking away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mmm, you could but you wouldn’t” she smirked. “Rude” he pouted at her. She chuckled and continued reading the agenda for the meeting in an hour. Tony pouted at her for a few minutes when something…
“Ugh so much”
“I’ll take my chances” he said, taking them on a box step, which then became swaying to the soft rhythm.
“Hey Stevie, How was your first date with the love of your life ?” Bucky asked, with a cheeky smirk. Bucky, his long-time best friend, and a show host in SHEILD was the one who got him this job. “He is my colleague now Buck and I worked with him, not a date” he grumbled. “Wait, Did the Brooklynese in you jumped out again and messed it up? Aw man.” he teased him. “Funnily enough, his Brooklynese didn’t mess up this time” came another voice behind Bucky.
He was the most self-centered, arrogant guy she had ever met. A whole week went by without seeing a hair or hide of Stark. Occasionally she would hear the TV at night or coffee machine purring late at night. When her mom called, she didn’t tell her about the stunt. She didn't want her mom to worry about her. Bucky texted. It was clear, he knows something was up. He told her to be safe and said he was returning to his tour. She thought about e-mailing the school administration about her job now that she’s trapped here and doesn’t know if she could ever go back. But Something made her apply for an extended leave.
Tony chuckled, finishing his sentence. This is how it has been for the past month. Finishing each other's sentences; thinking ahead; working as a team.“You ah stealing mah lines mistah Stark, You owe me an appearance in yuh show” he said, chuckling to himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t care”, Clint jumped in, “I won the bet, they kissed, they are an Item. Pay up losers”, he said, holding out his hand. “It’s not just about the bet you idiot” Nat said, smacking Clint, at the back of his head. “And you bet that they would be an item Barton. From what Stevie said, it doesn’t seem like they are an Item now”, Bucky said, only to get smacked in his head by Nat. “Whatever, I’m going to ask Stark,” Clint said, walking towards the elevator.
“I uh, I don’t know”,
“If you only let me make breakfast for you tomorrow, you know… me, coffee and pancakes.”
"THE KITCHEN IS!!!"
Cue feelings
“Hey Soldier, Can I have this dance now? “ he asked with a teasing smirk.
“We are calling from Mass General Brooklyn, Your mom Sarah Rogers was brought in last night, with a deteriorating heart rate-”
“Be strong honey. It’s time. I’ll go and find Bucky”, Sarah said. She coughed into her kerchief, where a dark red stain peaked, as she left her alone in the room. One thing she loves about this is that she has a good man walking her down the aisle. Bucky was her best friend and brother. Everyone thought she and Bucky would be more eventually, but it never happened. He was always a brother, and she was his little sister. She would have followed him to the frontlines if it hadn’t been for her poor health conditions when she was young.
"I know you like to have a loose hairdo," said Sarah, her mom, pinning her hair into a classical bun. "But I want to give you something", she said opening a small velvet box. "Mom, we talked about this-" "It did not cost anything, it's… kind of an heirloom. Maria gave this as my wedding gift. She would have wanted you to have this." Sarah pinned it to her hair with the veil.
Steph woke up to her phone buzzing. She squinted at her phone, which showed 6:30 in the morning and missed calls from Mrs. Barnes and an unknown number. She was about to call one of them back when her phone started buzzing again. It was the unknown number this time. Rubbing the sleep from her eyes, she answered the call.
came a voice through the comms making him smile. “ Well Obviously. Stern tweeted about climate change being a scam now,” he said and reading said tweet
"I DON'T KNOW THAT I'M-"
He said, thinking back to the whirlwind of a journey he had over the years. This was not the life he imagined when he was loitering around Brooklyn in the 40s. This was not the life he imagined when was fighting in the front lines or fighting among the avengers. But he would live through all of that if he could get the life he had back home.
“Deal”
Sarah watched her daughter go and knew what’s going through her mind. This is not what she wanted. This is not what either of them wanted. She remembers the way Stephanie agreed to this without a second thought. She knows why she agreed to this. It was that phone call. She wouldn't have agreed to this if it were someone else. He looked sharp in the suit, but Sarah could see the stiffness in those shoulders. How does she know? Mothers ‘instincts.
“No, how did you-”,
(See the end of the chapter for
“JARVIS, what did Tony do after the award ceremony yesterday?” Pepper gave him a pointed glare. “Mr. Stark and Ms. Everhart arrived at 7.00 pm yesterday after the apogee award. Mr. Stark left Ms. Everhart in his master bedroom upstairs and came down to workshop work on the upgrades of-” “Enough JARVIS. See I did not sleep with her. In fact, I didn’t sleep at all. You have truly little faith in me, Ms. Potts.,” He pouted. “Stephanie called me early morning today and told me her mom his hospitalized and had to leave. Helped her with all the travel details. She didn’t tell you ?”  Pepper gave him a questioning look.
“ I need you to sign this before you get on the plane.” Pepper handed him a Stark pad and pen.
There was a hint of Purple in Sky during sunsets. Stephanie noticed as she sketched the Californian skyline, watching and studying it through the floor-to-ceiling windows in the living room. Malibu, California. She remembered from somewhere about the futuristic Stark mansion in California, hung above on a cliff, facing the sea. She never thought she would be moving in here.
said Rhodes which somewhat calmed him. There was still some nervousness jittering under his skin.
"Honey, do you not see it, I am happy. You are all I need to be happy. This gesture makes me happy. Everyone knows, I know you are bad at cooking. But sweetheart, i don't love you in spite of it. I love you for it. Your flaws are the ones which make you who you are. I love you for  who you are,” Steve smiled, kissing Tony all over his face. Tony sighed with a sad smile on his face. How could someone love me so much even when i’m this dumb? Tony thought.
. He had grown fond of those last couple of smells. Who would have thought metal and motor oil would smell like Love. He turned around and saw the laundry was done, which reminded him why he had come down here in the first place. He removed the GPS and placed it on the holographic work table next to the picture frame.
he had said in Brooklynese during their first encounter.. But Patience was not a virtue for him. He went around, casually asking people if they knew any Rogers. He was pointed to Rogers from finance. By ever. Single. One. of. them. Who he knew, was straight and married.
“Wait, where’s Mr. Brooklyn? I uh mean Rogers?” He asked, turning towards Darcy, who was standing out of the frame. “Ms. Lewis, here are the Script copies you gave me” came the blond guy handing something to Darcy.
“I said go ask him yourself. You wanna know why he asked you out? Go ask him. I’m sure he has answers.”
Outside, Tony was walking around like a headless chicken.
They broke apart for air. Tony’s eyes were dark and more focused now than earlier, which confused Steve about what happened next. “ I uh-. I have uh thing, a work to do, A CALL i have to make a call to someone. I have to call someone. Yeah Bye” Once confident Tony, blabbered and walked away.
On the other end of the room, Stephanie was dealing with a cocktail of emotions. She didn't know how to feel. She didn't know how to talk. Her eyes fixed at some point, mind wandering to the worst scenarios. She was brought out of her thoughts by Mrs. Barnes' question. "isn't it weird? Nobody came to the ceremony. No family or friends. I am sure I saw that strawberry blond somewhere with Stark. Isn't this suspicious to you?" she nagged. "There is nothing to worry about,” her mom reassured Mrs. Barnes.
“Nope”
“Dirty old man” he said, hitting Steve with a dish towel, who was now leaning next to him on the counter. “Pot kettle,” he countered. He chuckled, handing the dishes to his husband. They fell into the rhythm like that easily. They had morning routines; did the dishes together, sometime cooking together; went to bed together. They were domestic now.“But seriously,” he said, drying his hands, as they walking towards the couch in front of the fireplace and TV. “It’s going to be chaotic,” he said, pulling him into a hug. “They can take care of themselves” He said looking up from their embrace.
"dumb", Tony pouted.
“Oh yeah, look who’s talking. Mr. ‘I almost quit the job because my boyfriend was confused who I am’,``Bucky mimicked in a funny voice. Steve punched his shoulders, annoyed yet smiling. “Problem here” Nat walked in and leaned on Clint’s Table. “Buck says you cheated in the bet” Clint said, simultaneously getting punched by Bucky.
(See the end of the chapter for
Yes, the Board was constantly bringing up Tony’s “devil may care” lifestyle being bad for the company, but they never suggested marriage. Obie brought it up and was trying to get Tony married off. Something felt wrong. It was easy to be against it as Tony was against it too. But He knew Obie wouldn’t leave it. Luckily, a drunk Tony mentioned Maria and Sarah being best friends and Maria’s Favorite Goddaughter to him once, helped them in a way. “That’s nice. But something tells me there is more behind this,” Barnes said, with suspicion in his eyes. “Just worried about a good friend” He gave him a sad smile. “To good friends” he raised his glass with a smirk, hiding his broody eyes. “To good friends,” Rhodes joined.
She knows him as
She asked her mom once after the marriage was decided. 'What if he is the same as the media says? What if-'
“-you lost the bet-”
sorry it took so long guys i will be posting in regularly now... do leave comments and kudos
Thought about leaving this as a one shot but love this too much just let it collect metaphorical dust in my folders... do leave kudos and comments guys... ❤❤🤞
“I’ve waited long enough. Lost my patience. Would 7 work for you Barnes?” Sam asked, nerves under his skin.
"IF YOU SAY YOU WERE-"
Tony was working on his Car when his Workshop door opened, turning down his music. “Please don’t turn down my music.,” Tony called out when Pepper walked in. “You are supposed to be halfway around the world right now.” She said.
“Is it a good representation of his spring period?” he asked. “No. The Springs was the neighborhood in East Hampton where he lived and worked,- not "spring" like the season.”
He chuckled and walked towards the door and into the car. The ride to the chapel was quiet. Her thoughts wandered all around the place. So many what-ifs. Her emotions were a mixture of fear, anger, and dread. Fear about the man and future she is going to meet; anger at the unfair world; dread to leave her home. They reached the chapel in Brooklyn. Bucky opened the car door for her. “You ready?” he sighed, holding out his arm for her as she got out of the car. “It’s probably too late to go to the bathroom, right?” she smirked, trying to lighten up the mood. They stood outside the door. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
do leave kudos and comments
. Steve knows he has a goofy smile on his face. “You were… going to ask me...out on a date?” Steve asked, hope and happiness coloring his voice.
"what happened here?!" came another voice in the entrance of their kitchen. Shit. "hey babe" "hey Cap". Steve was standing at the entrance of the kitchen, wide eyed, taking everything in. Oh god what am I gonna tell him , he looked at the spy who was equally panicked. "ahh..um well I" Clint stuttered, when something gooey fell on his back.” AHH SOMETHING DISGUSTING IS THERE IN MY BACK!!! HELP ME!! GET IT OFF ME-”super spy screamed and tried to remove it and he slipped on the wet floor and fell on his ass  Ahh That's where that brown paste went, Tony thought looking at the brown mark on the ceiling. "Welp, I'm gonna take off. Hill called me … some meeting. you kids have fun!! bye" Clint ran out of the communal kitchen. Oh I'm gonna make you pay for it you-
“First of all, why is frosting brown in color?” Tony asked.
“Hold up, What do you mean you all knew?!” Tony asked, suspiciously
The studio was chaos and people were running around changing, arranging, and setting up the studio to go live. Tony walked in and took his spot on the chair as his favorite intern walked up to him with his mic and a copy of his script. “Mr. Stark, we have a-” “I know Peter, don’t worry. Darce will update me on what’s gonna happen. Won’t you Drace?” He asked his producer on the earpiece.
Tony had said when Steve  commented on it. He had hunched now. He couldn’t stand straight and carry himself as gracely as he used to. He still falls in love with those chocolate brown eyes brimming with knowledge and love. He still falls in love all over again with this man who used to  hide his big, warm heart behind a mechanical one.
She dreamt of an outdoor wedding. Under a lush canopy of trees, sparkling lights hung above their heads like stars, just people close to their heart, a bed of white rose petals forming an aisle to the arch, which looks like the tree branches twined together and adorned with pink and white roses. She wanted a blue ball gown, like the one Cinderella wears. She wanted a loose wave hairdo with a flower crown. She wanted to see the love on her groom's face.
his heart hums. He had changed a lot from the first time Steve met him. He was not the sharp eyed, fit, dark haired man anymore. Wrinkles around his eyes and slight tremble when lifting heavy objects showed the years of struggles they have been through. He could count the number of black strands when he combs through Tony’s hair now.
“Sooo, 7 work for you?” Sam asked, breaking the silence and the tension.
“Tony”
“Sam-”
she said with a teasing smirk
See this has been going on for a month now it became a pattern. Tony magically appears
“There. all done,” now said her mom, breaking her thoughts. “You look gorgeous, honey,” Sarah said stepping back from her daughter with wet-rimmed eyes. She smiled at her mom’s reflection in the mirror. She did look good. But she knew it was just a cover. A cover to hide their poverty; a cover that hides her mom’s leukemia; a cover to hide her insecure future. She wore her veil over her face hoping it would cover the mix of emotions on her face.
He looked down at the drink in his hand, thoughts swirling in his head, like the bubbles in the glass.
Steve knows he’s harboring a massive crush on the resident genius for a while now. He was content with the friendship they had. He liked that Tony flirts with him, but Steve has resigned as Tony being just himself. He’s all over the place now after the kiss. He felt euphoric thinking about the kiss first. How Tony had easily pushed him against the wall. How good it felt to be trapped, give up, and just open up to the kiss. He felt confused.
she thinks. This was not what she dreamed of. But this is something she likes.
"-oh Oh Thank god wait, what do you MEAN YET!?"
“Doesn't it kind of defeat the whole purpose of having your plane” Tony continued like she never spoke. “if it departs before you arrive?”
his words rang in his head. There were times that Tony wished that either of them not said or done certain things.
“Why are you trying to hustle me out of here?”
How Nat tried to get steve and bucky laid and got someting for herself too...
“Deflect it and absorb it. Don't send it back to me.” Tony said, downing his espresso in one go.
he thought as he glared at the mini Ferris wheel and reached out to grab it. "ouch, you cruel women" he whined, when pepper hit his hand. "I have a meeting in 10 minutes, Tony. Go and nag your
“Hello?”
"Oh my god, I am calling HR-"
was called Tony. Tony shuffled in a tank top and greasy torn jeans. Tony joining them for breakfast was not weird but he always walked in when everyone had finished their breakfast and leaving for their day. For a month now, Tony joins them earlier. Natasha’s eyes met Bucky’s and she knew they were having the same thought.
A white dress sits on the display behind, as she stares at its reflection in the mirror. It is a simple sheath wedding dress with a jewel neckline and square back.
“That’s great Tony. You could just ask him to be your date for the party this year.” Pepper said, with a reassuring smile. “ Pep it's not- wait what party?" he asked her. "The Christmas party Tony. The party in your office that happens every year on Christmas eve” she tells in a blank voice. “Whatever, I cannot ask him out.”  “Tony” Pepper retorted.
“I am not influencing, I won. Fair and square-”
questions her reflection. She wants to say both. She likes the dress.
“Captain America is more than the serum-”
“Who made Steve and Stark talk?”
He saw an opening and decided to approach Stark. Whatever this is, he needs to protect his sister. "Ah, Lieutenant Barnes… Good to meet you" Stark shook his hand. "Good to meet you too, Mr. Stark," he said, in his lieutenant voice. "Here for a shovel talk?", Stark asked, surprising bucky. "Saw you glaring daggers at me from morning" Stark replied, to Bucky's confusion. "Look Stark, I don't know if this is all" "it is a stunt" Stark cut him off again with a casual tone. “What? “Bucky sneered. "My board thinks I’m too flamboyant. They think that my playboy ways are gonna bring down the company. Honestly, it’s like they don’t even remember how much I juiced up this baby with my advanced missile guidance systems, protective body armors, and individually guided cluster submunition system, advancements in medical technology, Intelli crops to save millions from starvation. All they care about is how I went twelve for 12 last year with Maxim cover models. So here I am making an honest woman out of your…” he continued with a mischievous smile “friend, I hope. If anything, else, I don’t mind as far you two don’t get caught in action by anybody. Good talk” Stark said, as he walked away leaving a seething Bucky. He wanted to punch Stark. But he knew this is not just about his little sister’s life. He resigned himself to curse under his breath and glaring daggers at Stark.
“Square Deal”
He parked his car in his usual spot at the studio as his phone went off. “Yes Pep, I’m outside the studio. Got working on some products for launch next year, had a late night. Now I’m here.” he rambled as he walked in waving at the security guard and reception. “ Hello, Tony. Yes, I know you were up late, and thank god you are at the studio. Fury was nagging me about some new show and you were late to- ``'' It’s a new season Pep and I am here and not late” he said checking his watch.
“Boys-”
“Thought you had a different opinion about that” he said with a smirk.
“Steve everybody knows that Stark asked you out over comms” Sam sighed, figuring out what’s wrong.
"How do you use one of these!?!?" "What the- Pull the damn pin and squeeze the lever. What are you 10!?!?" " I was in the circus, i don't know these" "YOU ARE SUPERSPY. PUT OUT THE FIRE YOU DUMB SHIT!!"
He Bristled, “Eithuh he STILL don’t understand that weathuh is not climate despite literally everyone explaining it to him every time  he tweet this ignorance, or-”
“They're haranguing me, so I'm gonna say yes.”
On the other end of the room, Rhodey saw Barnes throwing dagger eyes at his Friend. What did he do now? He sighed as he walked up to the guy. “Lieutenant Barnes” he startled the guy out of his thoughts. He turned to him with a questioning look, “Colonel Rhodes” Barnes said, taking a sip out of his drink. “Could be a wonderful ceremony, if it wasn’t a stunt” Barnes sighed, eyes cast somewhere. Rhodey was stunned by the answer for a second. He turned to look at him and realization dawned on him. Leave it to a Stark to fuck it up, he thought to himself. “The marriage is. Your friend is not” he replied. When he gave him a confused look, “It was Obie’s, Tony’s godfather’s idea to get Tony married to someone. I convinced Tony to get married to someone he knew and not some businessman’s spoiled daughter” Rhodes explained, hiding his actual notion behind it.
he thought to himself as he blabbered. Few turned towards him with curiosity, some gave him a stinky eye. “Hi”, Tony says, with his trademark smile. “Hi” he replies, breathless from the smile. “Excuse me, I just need a minute with-” He turns to Steve. “Steve-” he replies. “Yes Steve, We need a moment. Shall we?” Tony asks, hooking their elbows and walking towards an open space.
He seemed to fall out of his trance, laughing at him.
“I’m the exact definition of a wallflower.” He muttered, talking into his drink. A brown haired boy behind him snickered. Steve turned around, suddenly face to face with a kid in his AP class. Tony, was it?
“There’s a boy—he’s covered in blood, he just collapsed...East of—“
Tony grabbed a quick shower, loudly playing
His eyes were still wet, the hot sweats on his body turning to ice. Tony darted his eyes around, just as the door opened with a creak. A tall, dark man strode into the room. Tony held back a laugh as he watched him kneel in front of him. He sneered, laughing with a dark breath. Tony opened his mouth to—
“Tony. Get to fucking bed before you make me do something we both will regret.” Howard’s eyes were fiery and icy at the same time, and Tony scoffed.
“Don’t say that, they can still find him—“
“It came from a cold he'd gotten from the torture, and I just don’t know. His mental state is a completely different story.”  The doctor pressed a hand to his head.
Him and Yinsen talk. He tells him of his friends, and Yinsen tells him of his family back home.
Tony nodded, “The latter, please.” He breathed heavily, pulling himself off the chair. “Fuck, I’m gon’ feel this tomorrow.”
“Stark! You are awake.
He barely notices the rush of warm air hitting him, still holding the sweatshirt. It smelled like Tony. He still remembers their conversation last night. He should have said more.
“It’s fine, I like them. I’m really glad to have found people that can tolerate me around here.” Tony smiled, picking up his books and slamming his locker shut.
“I would pay to see that.”
Cold.
Natasha clung to herself, refusing to put on her sweatshirt despite how cold it was.
We’re not going there.
“Please, it’s my fucking son, just give our family space.” He growled, pushing past Steve.
The knocking got louder and heavier, until he heard the latch click open and heavy feet padded towards his room.
Yinsen’s eyes closed, slowly. His head lolled to the side.
“Ah, we can take the car if you feel more safe—“ Steve chimed, noticing the speechless look on Tony’s face.
“I’ll never build anything for you.” He practically spat. The man laughed.
“Hi, James. It’s nice to see you.” She pulled him into a hug and frowned.
Bruce walked over and placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “You, my man, are fuckin’ pining if I’ve ever seen it.”
“but we can’t do this without you.” He finished, wiping tears off his face. Steve looked at him with empty eyes.
HOWARD STARK’S “NO COMMENT” ON SON’S HEALTH
He looked down on them, raising them slightly.
“No, no, no. No. You are not apologizing to me, Steven Grant Rogers.  I have gone through much worse, from people who have actually wanted me to. You have done nothing wrong, so no apologies. Capiche?”
“You know Bucky? Good guy. Shitty guy for leaving me hangin’.” Steve looked away, waving his hand into the mass crowd gathered in front of him. He glazed around the crowd for his friend. He found Bucky, doing jelly shots in the kitchen with Clint. Go figure. “Whatta ‘bout you, kid?” He added for good measure.
After breathing in Steve’s scent, he pulled away, smiling and blushing. “See you on Monday.” He repeated, walking out. Steve sent him a coy wave, laughing.
“Please, just... Give me awhile.” He asked, eyes worn and aged 50 years.
“You got real pretty eyes, Steve.” Tony grinned, wide and sweaty after a long period of silence. Steve laughed, eyes meeting Tony’s chestnut ones.
“Really? You have to show me some of your work sometime. I’ll come to your games to see that talent in action, though.” Tony winked, and Steve blushed even brighter.
Tony looked at him, face flushed and clammy, and nodded, before turning back to his interesting wall.
Steve stood blankly, hands shaking.
“And get out of here. I don’t know if that bomb knocked everyone—”
Well. That was that. At least someone was having fun.
The Metallica playing was lowered. The door cracked open. Steve was wearing the MIT sweatshirt and his football sweats. His room was trashed.
He pocketed the phone, smiling softly. His brain still quietly thumped, and Tony made a mental reminder to take some Advil. God, he needs some Advil.
“Ah, you better shut that pretty little mouth of yours if you want to keep it working.” The man breathed out, like it was just a simple statement. Like he didn’t just threaten to break a 16-year-old kid’s jaw.
Steve laughed it off, a blush climbing up his nose and cheeks. “Ignore her. Witch is just mad she could cheer this game.
He almost passed out.
After they boarded the motorcycle, Steve looked over his shoulder with a grin. “Hold on tight. Wouldn’t want you falling off this bad boy.” He laughed, patting he metal exterior.
He was going to make a bomb.
He had flaws, laid under flaws, and insecurities atop more insecurities, but he was a strong man.
“Anthony. Come here.
Tony swallowed a lump in the back of his throat. “We only need you functioning, so we will not be scared to hurt you.
“Ready to go?” He asked, cutting Steve off from whatever ‘we don’t just tolerate you’ sort of thing he was going to say.
“Sh, my time is short. Listen.” Yinsen coughed, eyes red and watery. Tony swallowed back tears.
Music flowed from the room into the house, from Metallica to softer, sad songs.
“No, no, I’m sorry, sir, I’m one of Tony’s friends. Steve Rogers. From school, please, just tell me how he’s doing. I’ve been waiting for hours, I just—“ Steve rambled out, eyes still watering.
He was breathing, still.
Not enough to kill a man, but enough to hurt one so he can’t get away, t-they said.” Bucky stopped.
He limped to the door, ripped off its hinges. He was faced with Yinsen’s burnt body.
They sat in complete silence, and tears blurred the road every once in awhile.
Steve closed and locked the door behind him.
“I was at a party. To make new friends here.” He mumbled, flinching at the slur of his words. He turned around to look at Howard, whose eyes were clenching shut.
“One beer, someone’s gotta be sober enough to deal with you guys.” Steve rolled his eyes, moving an out-of-it Tony to the car. Bucky laughed, and looked at Tony.
Nope. Nope, nope, nope. No sudden crushes on cute football players you just met in a drunken haze tonight, who are definitely out of your league. Tony didn’t have that many self destructive tendencies.
Howard slammed a fist on the table. He grabbed a bottle of whiskey and began to walk up the stairs.
Tony shook and burned, hot to cold, hot to cold. He imagined Steve wrapped around him. Hot. He felt the water drip down his spine. Cold.
Sleep came fast and easy to him that night. Maybe it was the medicine, maybe it was Steve. Who could really tell?
As soon as he pulled the door open, he made eye contact with his father and Jarvis, sitting on the sofa. “Anthony.” His father started, and Jarvis already stood to be dismissed. “Go to sleep, Edwin. I’ll see you in the morning.”
Howard walked out of the elevator, a rough hand pressed to his hand. Steve stood up, and walked over to him. Howard barely raised his eyes before sighing.
He curled in the back next to Bruce, and slugged into the house after the car ride.
The man coughed, dropping his grip and straightening himself out.
“Can I see him? Please?”
“Tony Stark. I’m family, please—“
“Buck—“
Steve kicked his feet up, and started riding to Tony’s house, following the directions Tony gave him at the house. It was quick and adrenaline rushing, and god, so, so, good.
“So, what’re we here for? Money? I wouldn’t bother. Knowing my father, he won’t pay.”
“I tried telling them to wake you up, but they were indeed in a rush. I apologize, Master Anthony.” Jarvis’s footsteps came padding into the room, and Tony placed his head in his hands.
“Bad.”
“Not really. Can’t see the stars. Too loud.”
Tony smiled softly when Steve walked in, oxygen mask now absent from his pale face. “Hey, big guy.” he said.
Tony seemed to shrink down, smile dispelling from his face. “Sixteen. Skipped, uh, couple grades. Went back to retake them when my...family wanted me to have the ‘normal kid’ experience.” Tony air quoted, rolling his eyes. “Really? I’m supposed to be in college right now. Can you, uh, not tell anyone that? I’m not really supposed to talk ‘bout to people that.” Tony scuffed the ground with his sneakers, a frown forming on his face.
“It’s whatever. You’re here. Thank you.”
They all made it to Sam’s house, and Tony consumed an unreasonable amount of booze, and now, he was leaning against Steve on the living room’s sofa.
“Was just ‘bout to tell you that, Stark.”
“I,” Jarvis paused, sighing. “I don’t know, sir. His parents just left for Saint Joseph’s Memorial Hospital.”
Never Tony.
“Why—“
Sam: please just call us saying youre okay
Natasha was pressed against Bucky.
“Steve,
“Anthony!”
“Do I?”
I’m sorry, that’s all I can say until a direct family member grants you access to his room.” The nurse said, eyes looking at the computer monitor.
Tony dropped Steve off back at Sam’s, and popped in to say hi to everyone. Natasha smiled at him, and he took that as their gaze of forgiving. Or something like that.
"He developed pneumonia, I-" Bruce paused with a sigh.
“You’re going to regret saying that once you see how much he sucks at pre-calc, buddy.” Bucky interjected, and promptly got swatted my Natasha.
There was so much space between, and so little at the same time.
Fuck, Steve didn’t know.
Steve scratched the back of his neck when he pulled away. “So, I guess I’ll see ya ‘round.”
How are you feeling?” Yinsen asked.
Steve blushed. “Wow. That’s, uh, a lot. I just play football and do a little art, y’know, on the side.” Tony had a hint of a smile at that.
in the bathroom. He messily styled his hair, and threw on causal clothes. He pulled out his phone.
Wouldn’t be an after party without the infamous and nerdy Stark.” Tony responded, hiking a blanket further up his shoulders.
Bucky went up the long stairs, and stared down the door of Steve’s room.
“Please, just tell me his condition. Tell me anything. Please—“ Steve’s voice cracked, and he quickly rubbed some fallen tears off his face.
Steve got a new phone three days after returning to school.
“Seeing as we couldn’t kidnap Howard Stark himself, we settled with you. The brains behind Stark Industries, huh?” The man stood up again, walking around the chair like Tony was prey.
God, it all seems so far now.
“You don’t need to thank me, Tony. I have a lot of fun with you. I’ll see you on Monday. You sure you don’t want me to drive you home? I really don’t mind.”
Bucky impulsively looked at his locker, expecting emptiness but being met with the hunched body of the one and only Steve Rogers.
“I am Yinsen.
Bruce tucked his head closer into Steve’s neck, wet tears dripping from his fogged glasses. He was shaking, sobs barely audible.
Fuck, Tony was so screwed.
“Huh. Well he’s alive. He’s still unconscious so there’s no point to visit—“
Tony blushed, turning back to his books.
“Head back to the cell.
Steve frowned, eyes crinkling evidently. “You’re my friend, now. You’re new here, so you can sit with me and my friends at lunch, if you want. And thanks for staying with me, I don’t really know how these parties go.”
He walked down to the car as Bucky helped get Steve lucid and walking again. He pulled both of them into a quick hug and patted them on the back, before handing each a large sweatshirt.
Steve groaned loudly as he lost another article of clothing and Natasha smirked in the corner, still fully clothed. “Evil woman.” Clint muttered, eyeing her from his cards. She kept a flat face, glaring around at everyone else on the table.
Tony looked young.
“Stevie.” Buck whispered, kneeling in front of the man.
“N-no, we were all just worried. You haven’t been on your phone.
“Oh, yes, but...he hasn’t been himself recently.
He’s at Saint Joseph’s Memorial Hospital.”
“Tony’s gone.”
He quickly typed back a rushed response, and placed his phone on the bedside table for the night. He threw himself into the bed, only lying awake for a few minutes, before falling asleep with clean dreams of him and Steve.
“Steve—“
“Fuck!” He yelped, grabbing the bottle before it could spill more. Natasha let out a small snicker behind him. “Natasha, you can’t go around saying that to people—“
This isn't what they did.
“I’m sorry.” Tony muttered, wiping some blood and dirt off his face.
I’ll drive.”
Steve: Had to go early, Mom had a doctor appointment.
“I’ll need Yinsen to help me.
Steve shakes the thought out of his head. He felt his phone rhythmically pulsing, pulling it out to check who was calling.
“Ah, sorry, Tones.
This was the plan.
Is Steve home?”
Clear whatever place they were in, and him and Yinsen could escape. Hopefully.
We have Foods together.”
She stood up, dropping the blanket. “Catch the ball, you prick!” She shouted, before lowering herself back to the bleachers with a grin.
Quickly.”
He dropped the keys on the counter, reading a note from his mom.
Not bad for my first game.”
Howard stood from the sofa, a loose hand pressed against his head. “Where were you?” He asked, more exasperated than angry.
“You’re drinking yourself to sleep and won’t leave your room! You haven’t gone to school in two fucking weeks, Steve. We’re trying so fucking hard—“ Bucky’s voice broke off.
“How much you drink?” Bucky laughed, patting Steve on the shoulder.
Steve came to school the following Monday. He still wore the MIT hoodie, except it was clean and not booze-soaked.
He followed the two of them, feeling the concerned glances, and even hearing them talk about how worried they were. He shook his head.
Ah, right. The room. Make mental notes ‘til he passes out, or becomes too high to function.
“Yep.
He promised, once their captors left, he promised.
Sam: my parents are looking for him right now, we’ve gotten check ups from everyone but you.
“The—“
Natasha hummed, “that’s cute.” as she turned her attention back to Bucky.
“Please, Steve.”
Bucky: i’m on my way over right now
Natasha walked in the room, eyebrow arched in silence while Steve introduced Tony to everyone.
The car ride back was cramped, Tony dazed as his arm was crushed into the door, Steve next to him and Bucky on the other side. Some guy with a mop of brown hair drove the car a few blocks down to Sam’s house, who was laughing in the passenger seat.
Loved hanging out with you all! Sorry I stole your sweatshirt, Tony !
Steve breathed in heavily, before feeling his knees grow weak, because fuck, fuck, fuck, Tony’s gone. What does that even mean, is he dead, moving, what the fuck—
Too strong for my own good.” Sam wiped away a fake tear, and him and Clint bickered for a few more moments.
Steve basically fell asleep in all of his classes, and eventually ended up going to the nurse to take a nap.
I’m worried. Please...just talk to me.” Sarah pleaded, head pressed against the locked door.
The blond laughed as he saw Sam slug out of the room he went into, sans girl, with a dopey grin on his face. “‘Course, Tones. See that? That’s my buddy Sam. Just got lucky.” Steve gestured with the cup in his hand to the door, and Tony laughed hysterically.
“You too, Steve.” Tony bit back a flirt, and instead went in for a goodbye hug. And god, that man was like a human teddy bear. He had never received such a good hug in his life, and he’s received a lot of damn hugs. This, this really topped all of ‘em.
“Okay, yeah. Yeah, be out in a sec.” Steve hung up, looking at Tony expectantly. Tony furrowed his brows.
“Man, he’s the lucky one tonight.”
They laughed at the other drunk idiots in their tipsy daze, and soon ended up draped over patio chairs by the pool.
Tony burrowed his face in his hands.
He dragged himself out, further. It was close to New York. He could see the lights. He looked to the side. He recognized some places near where Natasha lived.
I’m so happy you went to school today. I’m working a late shift, so pizza money is on the fridge. Love you,
Oh, god.
Hold on.”
The world felt like it was moving around him, and he was just here, not living or moving—
He was forced back into the cuffs after only twenty minutes of checking Tony over, the metal burning his wrists as he pulled for release. Tony sat blankly, they didn’t bother to cuff him again.  Steve didn’t know whether he was unconscious or just that far gone.
Tony looked around, seeming to just notice the change in scenery. “Thanks, for, hanging out with me, tonight. I know you have other friends and I, uh, don’t, but, I really appreciate it.” Tony chugged down another gulp of beer. They’re was a growing pile of red solo cups around them, due to Tony. Kid sure wasn’t a lightweight.
Steve opened the door all the way, gesturing for Bucky to come in. He closed it behind him.
He heard a whisper of, “Steve,” next to him, and quickly turned to face whoever spoke.
Tony's head was pulled up again, and Steve sighed from relieve. Tony looked gasped for breath, choking on swallowed water. He shot a look at the blonde, eyes that screamed don't tell them don't tell them, and shook his head.
“Did something happen?” Steve first asked.
“Yes! Mr. Calimara doesn’t teach, it’s not my fault.” He pouted, and Tony laughed.
“This is Tony, everyone say hi to Tonnnny!” Steve slurred, a hand resting on his shoulder. Tony laughed awkwardly and gave a small peace sign.
“Woaaah, watch out, Wilson. He’s tiny compared to your beefy-ness.” Clint emphasized with his hands, shoving into the man.
Natasha loosened her shoulders and walked over to introduce herself. “Hi, I’m Natasha. Nice to meet you, Stark.”
“Poor thing, but hey, at least you’ll be extra preppy next game!” Bruce nodded, face red and eyes glittering under his glasses.
Tony held back a quip, self preservation just cutting him off in time. He felt the needle be removed, and glared at the man in distant eyes.
“Yes, we’ve just found your son.
He heard a voice. Cold.
Tony took a good look at him, before picking himself up. For Yinsen. He went to where the door out of this place use to be.
Mrs. Woodley frowned, glaring him up and down. “You can rest over here.
“Stark, cool!” Barton yelled from the bar. A few whispers filled the room before everyone else nodded.
Tony was kinda, maybe, sorta drunk.
“Knew you could do it, Spangles.
Tony snorted at the last line, hurrying to finish getting ready. He pinned a note on the refrigerator for Jarvis, just telling him where we was going, and grabbed the least flashy car he owned. His jet black Audi was nothing compared to Steve’s Harley Davidson motorcycle—god, that thing was a beauty. Maybe he’d let Tony fix it up for him as a gift.
Guards look him up and down.
Guess were down to 5 minutes post-game. Ugh. Anyway, I’ll see you in a sec, kay?” Steve walked backward and waved as Tony nodded with a smile.
“Stevie,”
“Of course, sweetie.
“‘S cold out, put ‘em on. The rest of the gang is in here.”
His feet locked into place, waiting in his doorframe.
“Thanks! You’re the best! Nacho?”
“Hey, guys. Thanks for inviting me to this.” He smiled around, shifting uncomfortably. Bucky snorted.
Now that Bucky was in the room, he could smell the alcohol and see the empty bottles laying around. He opened his mouth, starting to bring it up, and—
While angrily pacing his room, he suddenly remembered his phone. He pulled it out, checking it with a smile as he saw the new number.
Steve wrapped an arm around the younger kid and closed his eyes.
His foot impulsively kicked the desk leg, before throwing down his hands in a grumble. His phone’s buzzing didn’t subside. He stood up from the chair, slugging over to the bed and collapsing on it, finally collecting his notifications.
The ride back was just plain awful.
The air felt heavy with unspoken words, but Tony needed his rest. So Steve manned up, and swallowed any hesitation as he talked.
She liked wearing Bucky’s jersey loud and proud. Bruce, on the other hand, was coddled in four layers and a fuzzy black blanket he was sharing with Tony.
Didn’t do too good of a job at pulling myself together.”
Tony grinned at all the texts, also seeing the notification he was added to a group chat called
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” Bucky groaned, voice high pitched and cracking.
“Don’t listen to them, if you wanna go you can. I can give you a ride back, if you want?” Steve offered, and Tony decided it would be okay. As long as he didn’t suddenly confess his attraction to Steve, all would be good.
cool angst
Tony left the half poured solo cup of liquor on the table, walking out of the room without looking back. He took his seat back next to Steve, who didn’t ask where he went and just brought him back into the conversation.
Steve pulled his shirt back on with a mutter, along with everyone else. Bruce’s cheeks were still flushed red where he had to lose his shirt, knees pulled close to his chest the whole game.
“Boys! Let’s get headed to the lockers!” A coach shouted from the gates of the field.
“‘Course I am.
“I tinker a lot with technology. Son of Howard Stark, and all. I play piano and guitar sometimes. What about you, Wonderboy?”
Tony woke up the next day to a pounding headache and silent house with a text on the group chat .
He walked to the locker, slow and smooth.
“Last night, he didn’t come home after going out.
Steve choked up, feeling anxiety coursing through him.
Bruce stuck to Steve’s side all day.
Everyone was either asleep or outside of the room, and Tony leaned his head against Steve’s shoulder. (The football player was still wearing his MIT sweatshirt.)
“Fuck me.”
“No problem, Spangles. How’d the rest of your night go?” Tony said, backing out of the driveway. Steve laughed.
Take care of yourself, Steven.”
It was blown to smithereens.
He felt a hand grip his shoulder while he crouched down, and turned to meet Steve’s bright blue eyes. “Hey! What’s up?” He asked, grinning.
“How long has he been gone?” Steve breathed.
Bucky: steve please we’re all worried
They ended the night in strip poker. Steve lost his shirt and almost his pants, and Tony spent all of his will to not stare at his abs. Tony, being a master at poker, only lost his shoes.
Steve worriedly glared down at the kid. “You need a ride home? Or you wanna crash at Sam’s with me?”
Made completely out of bolted together metal, like a badly stitched blanket. The air was moist and humid, yet the room managed to feel freezing in his ripped jeans and stained white tee. Tony glared around the room once more, getting no other information and bowing his head. His dirt and blood stained converse scuffed against the ground, eyes already glaring over and slowly dozing off into a sleep.
“Goodnight, Tones.”
The boy nodded, and laid down on the rough sofa.
“So, Tony, any talents? Interests, hobbies?” Steve broke the silence, looking over at the brunette. Tony shrugged, eyes still locked on the road. This town was a real beauty. Definitely different than the city’s loud and bustling traffic—in fact, no one was even on the road.
“They’re trying their best, but they need you Steve.
He felt bad for leaving Bruce in gym class, but he physically could not do it today.
“Tony! So good to see you, man!” Sam clapped him on the back, shit-eating grin spreading.
You?”
“C-Come with me, please.
One day, it started to blow up with notifications. He remembered last time this happened. His breath hitched as he read over texts and calls, news stations and reports on Tony.
It was cold and windy, but the heating was broken in Bucky’s crappy car.
“Hey, Buck. We leavin’?” He answers, only slightly slurred. Bucky seemed to laugh on the other end.
“Can you grant me access? To his room, I mean.” Steve practically begged. Howard didn’t seem to care.
He made quick responses to every text, and made sure to send a new text to Steve. That man had his heart already.
Steve was crying, and he couldn’t feel anything but his heart beating and the sudden sense that everything was now so wrong, how was everything fine three minutes ago—
“Bucky.” He muttered, eyes downcast.
Thor was tall, extremely literate, yet had no awareness of jokes or pop culture. (Though, he did give the best hugs Tony had ever received.). Natasha was...well, she was something. Tony couldn’t get a read on her, but she offered him a smile, so he supposed that was good enough (especially considering she didn’t do that to anyone else in this house.) Sam was cool enough, he allowed all his friends to get drunk at his house, to be fair, and he could tell a wicked joke.
“Two am.”
“No tricks... I can’t— do this anymore.
What the fuck. What the fuck! They didn’t even wake him up, or say anything to him, just left him with a note from the same company that took his parents away in the first place. And right after the fight with Howard; he didn’t even apologize, or just something—
Tony felt his eyes water. “Hold on, Yinsen. I’ll get us out of here.
“My mom.” He rasped out, and Bucky nodded.
“It’s a simple question. Do you?”
“Yeah, just me ‘n’ my mom. Where’d you come from?”
They lapsed into a comfortable silence, the windows rolled down and creating loud air tunnels in the car. Steve watched the scenery fly by, hair flying around in the wind. Soft symphony music played from the ratio, and Tony held back a smile.
Bucky: steve im so sorry
Everyone’s at Sam’s house. Sam’s dad is at the police station with Tony’s butler.
"Let-Let him go!  I swear, I swear I don't know!"
“Why? The party’s just startin’, man!” Sam said, patting him on the back.
“I’d really like that, Steve.”
Tony shook his head, and Steve mumbled some phase of understanding, before wrapping a protective arm around him.  "'s gon' be fine, St've,"
“Uh, very interesting. Everyone sorta died down when you left, but Clint got dared to streak. Knowing him, he did. Kid sprinted for at least a mile ‘til he came back.” Steve huffed our, rolling his eyes. Tony barked out a laugh.
He got a ride with Sam, who after a lot of persuading and couple bills, gave Steve more whiskey.
“Sorry for them. They’re like parasites.
Paint under his fingernails. Tony. His Tony.
He still hasn’t woken up.
He didn’t know.
“Kid, eyes on me. Come on, look—shit! This is the Stark—”
“There was a note pinned to the car window.
“Jarvis,” Steve exhaled. “Tony...is he okay?”
He took in shallow breaths, feeling the world shake and burn around him. He shook one of his hands out, and Bucky recognized the nervous tic.
“Look at the condition you’re in, Stark. I can run to safety. I’ll meet you there. No buts. Go.”
Tony was sick. Coughing. Beginning of phnenomnia, most likely.
“Yes! Yes, is this about Anthony?”
“N-No, this is fine, Steve. I’m just shocked you own a motorcycle.” He laughed off. Steve grinned, tossing him a helmet. “Safety first.” Steve grinned, clipping his on as well.
He mirrored every one of Bucky’s moves, complying when he helped Steve in the car.
Tony nodded feverishly and Steve grinned.
"Tony, Tony, oh, god-"
He cringed, and shook his head. "I don't know, he went of the grid." They dunked Tony's head under again, and Steve pulled on the restraints tighter.
He ignored the water, rushing to Tony. His struggling went limp, as heavy gasps escape his lips.
“Don’t worry, J. It’s fine.”
“You are bleeding. May I take a look?”
“Yeah. Pulled myself together.” He said, glancing up at Bucky for a second.
Tony nodded, holding back sobs.
“Do you mind if I try? Hasn’t been checking his phone, either.”
“That’s all for now. Why don’t you start thinking over the blueprints, kid.” The man said.
“I’m sorry. I threw my phone and it broke. Haven’t gotten a new one. How are you and the others?”
“Time?” He muttered.
“How are you?” The woman asked.
One day he makes a plan.
Bruce stood there, foggy glasses, red faced and tears still wet on his cheeks.
“I was hoping you would say that.”
Well, let’s start from the beginning.
Clint proudly stuck his chest out, ignoring Sam’s punch in his shoulder. He fake gasped, glaring at him. “How dare you!” He declared, grabbing him in a headlock.
“You better learn to cooperate around here, now, kid.”
“Sorry, first football game.
“Chill out a little, you’re gonna burn a hole in him if you don’t stop staring. Have a little fun, Tones.” Bruce said, pushing Tony’s shoulder.
“Sure, whatever.” Howard walked over to the receptionist, had a quick conversation, looked over at Steve again, then walked away.
She made eye contact with Tony, who immediately started laughing. “Mhm sorry, it’s all good, Spangles.” He forced out as Steve looked at him questioningly. Steve grinned, looking down at his American Flag boxers. He blushed at his cards while shaking his head.
Natasha glared at him. “I just want what’s best for this group. Steve can’t afford you fucking him over. All of us can’t.” And damn, that woman could keep a straight face.
Tony sat up, almost falling off the lawn chair. “Fuck, I’m going to get beat—“
Bucky: please text me back
Steve felt a shaky hand wrap around his, before closing his eyes against Tony's hair. "Yeah, we're going to be fine."
Steve laughed and scrunched his eyes.
Steve, Bucky, and Sam all came running out of the locker rooms with wet hair to the slightly warm car (heating was broken in practically everyone but Tony’s car.) Tony scooted over and of course Steve sat right next to him.
He lazily opened his eyes, blinking a couple times to clear them, and sighed heavily. The ground and walls were concrete, blood splatting around the damp ground. The air was blue with humidity, and he could see the fine particles dance in it as he shook the chair.
It was an anonymous back account from Switzerland. They wrote ‘twenty-five million or he’s dead’ under it in Persian.” And Bucky knew he was giving far too much information, but Steve deserved to know.
“Hello?”
“Just some kid I helped in after-school tutoring.
I’m not as nice as the other guards.” He said, before pulling the kid’s hair back and sticking a needle in his neck.
The next play, Bucky caught the ball and scored a couple yards. She grinned, pulling the blanket around herself again, and leaned against Bruce.
He looked hesitant, between Tony and Howard. “Are you sure I cannot—“ He answered in a heavy accident, Howard shaking him off with a loose hand gesture. “Very well, sir. Goodnight Master Howard, Master Tony.” He bowed his head, and turned to his quarters.
Turns out, Tony was so, so, close to confessing his love to that beautiful, blond man—who owned a motorcycle. A motorcycle. God smite him now.
“What, you’re not in the party scene?” Steve grinned and took a sip of his beer.
“Did you see that play with Buck? God, that guys a natural, can’t believe he’s been playing less time then me...” The conversation faded as Steve pulled his helmet off. And God, Tony didn’t want to sound like some horny pre-teen in a romantic comedy, but the whole world slowed down.
Of course he used emoticons.
“No, emergency services have been looking nonstop for him, Sir. I will inform you of anything if it occurs. Go get some rest.”
“Mhm.”
Just as he closed the message app to check his voicemails, a loud knock filled his house. Bucky.
“Don’t talk to me in that tone, I’m still your father—“
God, that works fast. Instead of yelling, he watched the metal door close behind the asshole, and heard the slam echo throughout the room.
Everyone looked at him, and he made eye contact with Natasha.
“Wish I was out there cheering him on.”
I’ll bring my stuff to your first period again?”
Bruised and battered.
“Well, there’s a first for everything, huh?” Tony said, grinning.
He stood, leaving his phone on the bed, feeling dread course through him.
Tony gave a quick glance around, noticing it was a well-off house with a very large liquor collection. Steve kept a tight hand around his waist as he showed him a brief tour, and Tony ignored the sparks he got in his chest from it.
He was in an abandoned building.
“He’s stable, in surgery right now.
Barely see him, can’t get a word out of him.
Tony jolts up, pain radiating down his entire body.
I’ll set it off in 5 minutes. I’ll meet you there.”
Once they like you, they never stop following you around.”
After the kid scurried away with his nachos, Natasha raised an eyebrow.
Steve chewed on his lip, shifting from foot to foot. A red solo cup filled with beer in his hand, and a uncomfortable look filling his features. Colored strobe lights danced around the room as sweaty bodies pressed against each other. Give it to his friends to leave him alone at a party with no one he could remotely deal with normally (and definitely not when they were drunk.)
Steve shook his head.
Sam muttered, and God, he sounded so sad. Bucky threw his over his shoulder, and wrapped an arm around Steve when he hesitated.
“Stevie? Sweetie? You need to come out of your room.
Jarvis nodded. “Understood. Is there anything I can help you with, this morning?”
“No worries. I was thinking we could talk?” She offers, and Tony nodded. They walked off into the kitchen, and Tony took a good look at her. She sure was a pretty girl, and if he didn’t already swing for Steve, damn, he’d go for her. Not that she would even consider looking twice in his direction, seeing as he’s a short twink with bedhead on a regular basis, but hey, it’s worth a shot.
Well, maybe not so clean.
“Hey, Tony. Can you help me with my geometry homework tomorrow morning?” A short freshmen asked, brown hair falling in his eyes.
“Hi, Mrs. Rogers.” Bucky said, frowning at the door one day.
He waited, before gathering himself and standing.
“I can practically smell the alcohol on your breath. What the fuck were you thinking? You know there’s compromises in SI and you still go out and get drunk in a highschool party? What if you spilled information—or were fucking kidnapped? Then what, Tony!” He snapped, eyes flinging open and stepping closer. Tony held back a flinch, instead backing himself up.
They pulled aside a small park, soon enough. A few kids wandered around the playground, and a couple teens laughed around the bathrooms, smoking cigarettes. Tony resisted the smell, because, God, it reminded him of Howard.
“I—uh, yeah.” Tony bit out, feeling the glares of his friends.
“Go.”
“I was thinking if you and Mom forced me to move out here, away from all my old friends, I might as well make some new ones in the shitty process.” Tony bit back.
Tony went under again.
Tony shrugged off his jacket, hanging it on the coat hook. His phone buzzed in his pocket. “Anthony.” Howard said, louder this time. Tony paused, hands still raised by the coat. “Answer me.”
Natasha shouted while getting a piggy back ride from Bucky.
Steve felt his breath hitch. “I—“
Bitch.”
He hung the keys up and smiled at the goodnight note from Jarvis next to the hanger.  He stripped clothes on his way to the room, remembering to take some Advil before he brushed his teeth.
“Okay. Good luck.”
The golden lighting filled Tony’s eyes as he watched Steve with intensity.
“Steve, I’m not going to leave you frozen—“
Tony laughed bitterly. The man squinted at him in a glare.
The man walked back over to the chair, pressing his hand into Tony’s hair.
Tony coughed, and changed his glare to Steve.
“Thatta boy!”
Steve choked, mainly to himself, lowering his gaze to his hands again.
Tony had a lot of hard lemonade, and later moved on to shots with the coaching of Bucky. Steve joined them after hovering worriedly for awhile, and they all laughed and smiled, and god, Tony felt so happy.
You are Stark?”
“Get out, Bucky.”
“Steve, come on.
“Sir, Mr. Stark has been placed under a strict, no visitors policy. I’m sorry, but—“ She pushed her glasses up the bridge of her nose.
“BP dropping, get me an—“
Tony dragged himself for as long as he could manage, before collapsing against cold cement. He had no idea where he was, but he heard distant yelling and something touching his torso.
Another man dressed in black with a strong Russian accent walked in.
Tony, in summery, was happy with these people.
He spun the lock a couple times, before glancing at Steve.
Tony shook his head, letting it fall back on the rough floor.
“I would be careful if I were you, Stark.” The man said, a heavy accident thick in his tone. Tony could feel the threat laced within the sentence, holding back a snarky comment.
“Bucky, what happened.” He repeated, stricter, and Bucky hasn’t heard that tone since last football season when Sam laid unconscious on the field, and Steve was so worried, and—
“Hey, it’s gettin’ pretty cramped in here. Wanna get out?”
He was the closest to Tony, right? He would know what Steve was going through, surely?
“I'm sorry,"  Steve choked out.  This was out of his range.  He doesn't see Tony like this, he never has. He's supposed to be sack of sarcastic wit and genius humor, indestructible; not a sopping wet mess, having a panic attack, right in front of Steve Rogers.
Tony wrapped the blanket around her, frowning.
Steve laughed, hefty and strong. “Is this a common thing now? Anyways, I’m good! Didn’t fail my pre-calc quiz, so hey, small victories, am I right?”
"No, funny and adorable", Steve said, with so much laughter and fondness in her eyes.
"I don't know" Clint said, trying to mix the… brown gooey thing not frosting.
“Then there’s nothing to worry about. Her mom will be good as new” he threw a smile in her way. “Tony,” she scolded him. “Fine! I’ll call. Send some flowers maybe.”  He mumbled, after getting something, I need. He didn’t say, as he walked to the other end of the lab.
"wait what flour did you use??" Tony asked.
came a mumble on his earpiece, which made him break out in a real smile as he removed his mic at the end of the show.
Tony squashed down the hurt he felt and walked towards the door, “Just check in with whoever the Doc is Pep and-,”
"We didn't want all the media attention on you guys now. " came a voice behind her. Stephanie turned around to see the strawberry blond Mrs. Barnes was talking about. "I'm Pepper Potts, Mr. Stark's assistant. Congratulations Ms. Rogers or should I say, Mrs. Stark,” said Ms. Potts with a glint in her eyes, breaking her out of the thought again. Mrs. Stark was not Ms. Rogers anymore. She was Mrs. Stark.  It made her stomach feel weird. Don't puke, she said to herself.
OP get Brooklyn boys  boyfriends!!!
He didn’t know why but the look Pepper gave him felt like pity. But why would she pity him? It’s not his actual wife left. It’s just a stunt. They barely talked. Maybe because Stephanie left earlier than thought or should it be late than others, a mocking voice asked him. It is no wonder she left; everyone leaves eventually. Her mom already gave him a disappointed look at the ceremony, and it looked like Sargent Barnes didn’t like either. They convinced her to leave him.
he thought, smirking at the picture as he took the laundry basket and empty satchel back upstairs.
“Ha! If it had been my plan, they would be bumping uglies by now” Bucky said nudging Steve. “Wanna bet” Clint joined the conversation out of nowhere, which was less freaky after getting to know him now. “No,” Steve said.  “Bet what?” Nat asked as they entered the lift, completely ignoring him. “10 Dollars, that Steve and Tony will be an Item for Christmas” Clint smirked. “Make 20 for Valentine. Because this is between two Drama queens” Bucky said, ruffling his hair.
“Have a good day, Stark” Sarah walked away, giving a tired sigh. Now, that confused Stark. He didn't know what he did wrong. He got married to the girl and paid for her mom’s medical expenses. He still gets a ‘you are a disappointment Anthony’ sigh. He huffed as he pushed away the voices telling him how true it was and took a sip of his drink. The only good part here is that the girl looked good. Her fashion sense was a bit old-fashioned, but those blue eyes held him. He knew those blue eyes. Those eyes with so much defiance and confidence, sitting in his mom’s parlor and listening to her stupid fairytales. He didn’t know how Pepper found… Sophie? Tiffany?
“No you didn’t-”
“Riiight. Anyway, I like him and I-”
"yeah about that -"
The next day, Steve was smiling to himself while watching the Live feed. Watching Tony host was entertainment itself. He was confident, cheeky, and funny. Not to mention drop-dead gorgeous. Actors, actresses, models, almost everyone flirted, made a move on Stark. There were a lot of dating rumors too. But working with Tony for a month now, makes him doubt all the rumors. Tony was funny, kind and sweet. They bantered and flirted on comms so much that did not help with Steve’s hopeless crush.
“It was fine,” Sam sighed, “I’d much rather have been here with you two. What did you and Pete do all day?”
“I’ll text you later, okay?” Fandral pulled his shirt on, tossing Tony his own so that he could get dressed. “I’m running a little late to work--they were probably who was calling--but I’d love to take you out again tonight. You’re a real nice dancer, Firebird.”
“Really,” He promised.
“Okay,” Tony focused on Peter now, because he seemed to be the only one here on his side, “I went to a club! I took what I got, I didn’t ask where it came from!”
Tony chuckled, the heavy silence of the room making his head throb even more, but at least it kept him present. On days like this, on hangover days, all the thoughts in his head were muffled. It hurt, but at least he could pay attention without getting lost in himself. “So,” He drawled, ignoring his work computer completely. “Why is it so important I hack into this damn coding anyway?”
Well don’t be in Berlin. Be there for your son. -S
“What do you wanna do to celebrate, Little Bug?” Steve held the proud five year old’s hand, walking him out of the church.
Sam chuckled, covering Steve hands with his own. “My my,” he hummed, “Aren’t we lucky?”
“Yeah, yeah, okay,” Tony rolled his eyes, fiddling with the cross necklace he was now wearing. Ugh, so not him but fine, it wasn’t like he would have to wear it again.
He was on the Brooklyn Bridge. He didn’t know how he got there. He remembered walking at some point, and kind of remembered falling down in the kitchen. He glanced at his arm, bleeding through his shirt. Shit, what had he done?
A new routine started. Tony went into the city and Steve stayed home with the baby. Tony’s little drinks turned into big ones. Buzzed became plastered. Day trips turned into weekends.
Tony wrinkled his nose, “Okay, well, I’m glad you’re taking this whole ‘keeping tabs on Tony’ thing seriously... but I went out. I had a stressful day. Is that so bad?”
“What the fuck is he on?” He hissed.
“You’re a junkie. You were under watch for a reason. It is so bad.”
“Peter’s down,” Steve announced as he came back into the kitchen. As the nightmares became less common, they’d managed to get Peter sleeping in his own room again. Sam and Steve had continued their sleeping routine, though. He slipped behind Sam, circling his arms around his waist and resting his head on his shoulder. “And out bedtime isn’t for another three hours.”
“Yeah,” He laughed awkwardly, “Alright Tony.”
“Watch out for the stairs!” Steve called after them, putting away the other groceries before they spoiled.
Right.
“What?” Hill’s head snapped around, “Why would you say that?”
“I’m shocked.” Came The Captain’s deadpan response.
“Don’t worry, I’m gonna take care of this….”
“That’s the big question, isn’t it?” The Captain hummed, walking away from the window to pace the front of the room again. Even though he was only walking in a straight line Tony had the distinct feeling that he was being circled by a shark. “Do you have any ideas, Anthony?”
“Tony!!”
The blond nodded, “Yeah, it’s a mix called Valhalla. Cocaine and Heroin. It’s great, right?”
It was tough on more than just the two of them; Peter needed him more than ever now. Steve would have even less time to spend with Tony if he stayed. How long would it be until he turned to the bottle again? No. It was the hardest thing he had ever done in his life--but it was the best for all of them if they separated. And hey, maybe Tony needed to hit rock bottom before he would change, and if that meant hating Steve? So be it.
Steve looked up as Peter came puddling in, marking his page and putting his book aside. “What is it, Little Bug?”
“Hey,” Tony greeted back.
The second time Tony came home drunk, he managed to stay conscious. Peter was already in bed and Steve had waited up for his husband. There he confronted him; told him to go back to AA. He told him that he would help him every step of the way. But Drunk Tony was Flirty Tony and he wouldn’t listen until Steve kissed him. He refused to move from the doorway until Steve blew him.
“Hello?” He slurred, blinking awake now that he had no choice in the matter.
“Understood?” He snapped again. This time Tony nodded. The Captain rolled his eyes, turned on his heel, and stormed out. The teen brought his hand to his head, it was bloody, but nothing too bad. The silence was deafening, and Tony needed a fucking drink.
Steve stared at the screen in agony, his heart pounding in his ears. It was noon, Tony was probably at at work and he had to be at least half sober there. It wasn’t until a half hour later, though, that Tony texted back (Steve had never been more grateful for his alone time while Peter was at kindergarten).
Was this even real?
Tony froze, but so did Thor, who was still holding him down. He tried to turn around but was a little preoccupied with a cock down his throat. The man who spoke moved around, and Tony finally got a good look at him.
“Can Daddy come!?” Peter looked up at him with wide eyes; big, blue, and full of excitement Steve didn’t see as often as he wished. It broke his heart.
“Shh--shh, little Firebird,” the blond hushed him, his voice breaking with laughter, “Shh, we have to be quiet…”
“STARK.”
“Steve,” Sam rose, letting Peter escape to scamper off and play with his toys, “you look great in everything. Wear what you want. I like the green.”
So... I kind of disappeared off the face of the earth. That's my bad.
“He’s nice,” Thor grunted, taking a seat across from the two of them. “He a good fuck?”
“I’ll remind you that my sexuality is none of your business, Tony,” Parker told him, looking back at his own work.
Steve let the two of them take their time. It was nice just to see Tony sober. While it stung that he himself wasn’t a good enough reason, he was proud to see Peter was. Finally the two let go, and Peter took his hand once more. “Come on, Little Bug, let’s get you in the car…”
Steve kissed his head. “And you know that Papa and Birdie love you so much?” He bounced him just a bit in his arms, trying to get a laugh out of Peter.
There was a long pause as he young man clearly tried to plan out how to tell Tony without freaking him out too much. “Honestly? We don’t know nearly as much about him as we want. He’s a classic story, grew up in a shitty part of town with a single mom, has druggie friends, probably uses a bit, himself. But not many people who know about Rogers will talk about him, and people who do? Usually aren’t around for long.”
They continued like that for a while, and more and more often, Steve pretended it wasn’t happening. He desperately tried not to notice how Peter got quieter and ran to Steve far more often than he ran to Tony. He knew they were barely holding everything together and their balancing act wouldn’t last forever.
Tony paused, the baggies feeling hot in his pocket. “H?” He asked him.
“Thor Odinson?” He repeated the name, “Am I supposed to know who that is?”
And yet… when The Captain reached out to touch him in concern, Tony actually felt like--something that didn’t happen when his father raised his hands to hit him. Still, Tony flinched back and covered his throat as he gulped for air. Why did it feel like he didn’t have legs? Why did it feel like everything was too bright and too loud?
“I hope you know I’m not going to call you Firebird,” He greeted Tony with an eye roll, “Just come in.”
“Tony, how did you get this?” Peter took on the role of good cop, approaching the teen slowly. “What did you do last night?”
Tony looked down at the water, watching it swirl ominously below him. Did Rhodey ever think about him? He must have heard that his parents died by now… but it wasn’t like he was going to call Tony or something. He made it very clear he was leaving if Tony stayed like this. He couldn’t stand to watch him like this, couldn’t stand to be around him. It made sense, Tony didn’t want to be around himself, either.
“You’re gonna videotape him, right?” He asked, “Because Natasha and Clint wanted to see--”
Tony fell back on the kitchen floor, the pleasure of the shot flowing through him, but the world around him was spinning, changing…
Tony was on the ground again before he could even realize the change in the Captain’s mood. He shoved him hard, and Tony’s head slammed on the side of the table on his way down. He looked up at him in shock; hurt and confused. “W-Wha?”
Tony threw a hundred dollar bill at the man at the door, pushing past him into the bar. It was late, and there were plenty of people there. He was instantly transported back in time, just like that last time he came here. The smoke hung heavy, the red light behind the bar made it all seem risque. But Tony didn’t give a shit about any of that. He made his way to the VIP section he remembered from his time there with Fandral. There was a man at the door, clearly armed and looking fairly intimidating. He was big enough to do some serious damage to anyone, and even more so Tony. But that was hardly enough to stop him, he had nothing to lose anymore. He tried to push his way past the bouncer, but he yanked him back by his shirt, laughing at him.
Tony used his teeth to tighten the band. This was harder than it looked; finding a vein.
Peter stopped, wide eyed and suddenly bashful, right in front of Steve’s plush armchair. “You, you know I, uh, I have my, um, my piano recital Sunday?” He mumbled.
“Whaddya mean?”
“Hey, Jones!”
His feet took him to Brooklyn's Finest before his mind even figured it out.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony scrubbed his hands down his face and grunted, “Fucking--fine. Okay. Show me the goddamn powerpoint presentation…”
His head whipped to the side to look at him in shock, “Tony,” He corrected on instinct and narrowed his eyes. “How the hell do you know my name?”
Who the hell in this bar would even know his name…?
*shows up two years later with starbucks* uh... hey.
“We might have to test that,” Thor drawled, his hands moving to join Fandral, giving his body a feel. “What do you say, little one? I don’t bite.”
So Tony continued. “What the fuck is your problem? I’m just some junkie kid who happened to bump into you and you decide to ruin my entire life? Are you some kind of angry closeted homophobe--is it because I had a dick in my mouth?!” Tony was dangerously close to being in hysterics and his already thin filter was completely gone.
Drunk Tony turned into Angry Tony.
Peter smiled, rushing forward to wrap his arms around his neck, “Love you, Daddy…”
When the adoption papers went through, Steve had never looked happier, not even after Tony proposed. They moved out of little apartment in the city, bought a cute house in the burbs with a big yard and baby proof everything, and Tony swore he was happy! He wanted to be, at least. Steve was so happy, he couldn’t just tell him he’d changed his mind.
Tony threw him a lazy grin, “Come on, Parker. You know I’m not gonna admit to a thing.”
“So. This Captain fellow?” Tony reluctantly prompted.
Dub-con: Tony is high and unable to fully consent.
“As long as I know when it is,” He nodded, “I would love to.” He held out his arms, “Can I get a hug from my big man?”
Would The Captain be disappointed in him, just another dead junkie?
“That’s it, Firebird. You like a big cock, don’t you?” Thor taunted. Tony didn’t say anything and the older man yanked at his hair, “Come on, little one. Say it.”
“Wow,” He heard a crackle of static in his ear, “he’s… terrifying.”
Sam laughed, pulling him in for a kiss. “You look great. Come on, this is about Peter.”
He looked up and he saw that stone-cold expression remained. There was a flicker of emotion behind his eyes but it felt impossible to pin down. Understanding? Irritation? Dare he say… remorse?
An hour passed without a response and Steve finally put his phone away to get to the cleaning and starting dinner. He had hoped that Tony would be bigger than that--that he would be able to see past their differences to give Peter the childhood that neither of them had. But maybe he had over estimated Tony… Maybe he was perfectly happy at rock bottom.
“Don’t you touch him!” Steve hissed, yanking Peter away and cradling him to his side protectively. His vision may have been swimming, but he was still able to see the raw pain on his husband’s face. “Come on, Peter,” he murmured and grabbed the backpack again, heading to the door.
“Woah, woah,” Tony stepped back again, “I took drugs, that’s what I do, why does it matter what mix I did?”
The Captain raised a brow at that, reaching out to pinch Tony’s arm. It stung. “I’m the realest person you’re ever gonna meet, Anthony.”
“Stop trying to cover your ass, Parker, I’m fine,” He rolled his eyes and turned to start walking, but Peter yanked him around again. Fuck, he actually did have a pretty shitty head wound and all this yanking was making his head pound even more. “Knock it off, Parker!” He snapped, “I said leave me alone!”
Aaaaand, there it was. Tony grimaced, “Look, I’m not some sort of undercover cop and I’m not a fucking narc so I don’t--”
“Was he a dealer,Tony?” Peter asked carefully, putting a hand up in an attempt to calm down Detective Hill, “Do you know?”
that.”
Tony apologized the next morning, and when Steve came back from the park with Peter, there were ten crystal vases on the table. Tony even made dinner! (Which was horrible-- they ditched the meal and ordered Thai food instead). Everything was going to be fine. It was a rough patch, that was all. Tony was just having trouble getting sober.
Loki looked over his shoulder as he stood in front of a little desk. “No sense of decorum, I see. Straight to the point. I guess that’s why that oaf likes you.” He turned around with a sigh, holding out a clear vial, filled with what looked like black liquid. “250.”
The teen tucked the rest of the baggie away in his pants and washed his face in the sink before returning to Parker, an easier smile on his face. “Hey, Officer Big Boy, you ready for tonight? I’m gonna text Fandral now.”
Parker grimaced, “Yeah, Tony… a week ago.”
Peter held his hand as they walked down the aisle of the church, the three of them fitting into a pew towards the front where all the other performers were sitting.
“I, uh, I wanted to have some fun,” he admitted, his eyes going right back to the Captain’s lips. They were a deep red, plum, and looked like they would be a lot of fun to kiss.
“Hey--stop, fuck off--” Tony started to complain but the heavyweight of the blanket around him felt like a huge wall of protection and helped him calm even more. He shuts his mouth, looking down at the end of the bed and pointedly not at The Captain. After what felt like a lifetime (but was probably only 5 minutes), Tony spoke again. “I know you’re not real.”
Yes. Tony grumbled to himself, what a kind soul you are providing me with the bare minimum care to keep me alive while I puke out my entire soul.
The downside of moving to New York (even if it was only temporary) was that he didn’t have any connections up here. His dealer back in Malibu told him the name of a club he could probably get some shit at, but even then there was no guarantee. So Tony found himself wandering out of his Manhattan residence and into a seedier part of Brooklyn. There was a flashing sign for a gay club by the name of “Assgard”, which was a pretty cheesy name, but a club was a club, and if there were people trying to have a good time, there were drugs. Club drugs weren’t his favorite, but it might be a step closer to a dealer.
No response? Come on, Blondie, I know you read it, I get a notification. -T
“Okay, Tony, stay calm. Just get out of there as soon as you can. Don’t upset him.”
No wonder it was so dangerous.
Thor spoke before Tony could fuck up the situation any more, “Captain! I didn’t know you were coming in tonight, we were just having a little fun, that’s all.”
The first time Tony came home drunk, he had managed to stay conscious for a total of 60 seconds before passing out in his husband’s arms. Steve had been mortified. In fact, he’d been about to call 9-1-1 when he’d smelt the booze on his breath. He tucked Tony into bed and swore they would talk about it in the morning…. But then Peter got the sniffles and Steve had to rush him off to his doctor. By the time Steve joined Tony in bed that night, he was already asleep.
“You love him?”
“Good morning,” The red headed woman behind the counter greeted.
The world around him was spinning, and dots littered his vision.
Tony turned with a big smile, seeing the blond man waving him inside. He pushed past the guard and gave him a sloppy kiss. The blond looked pretty fucked up already and Tony ran his hands up his chest, “How could I not? I missed you.”
Tony found himself pressed up against the bathroom stall door with Fandral kissing his neck. There was a hard leg between his own, and Tony only realized then that he was also interested. He took the time to grind against it, moaning and dropping his head to the side.
He shivered and licked his lips, staring up at him with big eyes, “Yes,” he croaked, “I love big cock.” Okay, a little cheesey but if it got what he wanted he was fine with it. Before Thor could make him say anything else he busied himself, taking the head into his mouth and moaning around it. He wrapped his hands around the base since there was no way he was going to be able to take that all down his throat. Above him Thor groaned.
And then it all went black.
“Okay. Come on, don’t be a pussy,” He taunted himself. This stuff was supposed to make it easier to think, that’s what the guy in his lab had said… Tony bit his lip and leaned down, snorting through half the line before he had to lean back and cough a few times.
“I’m telling the truth!” Tony huffed in frustration, “I was hooking up with a guy and he gave it to me!”
“We need you tested,” She declared after a moment of his stunned silence. Oh fuck her, she was even smirking!
“Hey, hey,” A startlingly soft voice whispered in his ear, “Hey, come on, just relax, Anthony.”
Steve looked up as the door opened and what appeared to be a giant pile of paper bags walked in. “How about we help Birdie bring in the groceries, Little Bug?” Steve poked and tickled his sides, causing the five year old to giggle and squirm.
“Share!” He whined, kissing Fandral’s neck in turn. Off to the side, the blond filled his bullet again from another baggie, giving it to Tony, who took a much bigger hit than he had before.
The blond man had his hair pulled back into a low bun and a wicked grin on his face. Tony shivered; he was huge.
“Get the fuck outta my club, you hear me?” The Captain leaned down over him now, and Tony felt completely cold. “Don’t come back, don’t talk to Fandral, don’t talk to Thor, and if I see you here again I’ll cut you fucking hand off, understood?”
“Hey,” Sam slipped a hand around his waist, giving him a comforting squeeze, “breathe.” Steve did his best to follow his orders, but he couldn’t help glancing back at the door.
People use Tony Stark. They treat him terribly and use his body and his mind when they need it and kick him to the curb when he finally gets to be too much for them to handle, but people don’t turn down Tony Stark.
“Steve, why did he ask you out?”,
In a blink, he was back here,
he thought as he looked down at him. Living through the decades had drained the serum out of Steve, which reverted him back to his old self. The serum was still there in his veins but the muscles and shoulders reduced over time. Tony loved it. He could now wrap him in a warm hug, protect him and never let him go, like he always wanted to do.
