Steve was not in the process of analyzing her expression. He was taking in the more disconcerting details like the messiness of her copper hair and the disheveled state of her clothing. How her blouse was miss buttoned and she was padding away barefoot carrying her pumps.
“To think it’s digital complexity at its finest that which is the bane of Tony stark’s existence.” Natasha mused darkly.
For a moment, he did consider if this was indeed reality, perhaps an alternate timeline. But if that were the case then Tony would not have been able to contact him for one and for another this 'reality' would not seemingly be breaking down at the edges. Where once the hospital was full and lively, it was now desolate and silent.
"Yours is a special case. You already have the capacity for great empathy. However, one cannot go through all this pain without learning something of value from it. Tell me, why did you reject the little niche of heaven I created for you? You could have been very happy there. Even when you were aware enough to know, you rejected it, why?"
“Good, then you know they’re working.” Tony replied before deliberately making an absurd face at a camera then winking at Wanda.
Steve couldn't even say he was surprised that tears ran down his own face at Tony's confession and declaration. His own heart broke for the man before him. Yet, despite the weight of Tony's words, somehow, a profound heaviness had lifted from his soul. He couldn't remember what had transpired between them but he could feel it. He knew that he loved this man, profoundly, and that whatever had happened was alarmingly big. It truly broke his heart to see this beautiful man in such anguish. He did not know how a man from 2014 had become such an integral part of his life that he felt it deep within his soul.
“It’s simply too dangerous for you to know this sensitive information.  It must unsettle you profoundly, the unknown.”
Tony outwardly groaned, Steve stiffened and subtly reached for his gun, Natasha and Clint took battle ready positions, and Bruce was trying to ignore the Hulk scratching at his consciousness resulting in the cause of the drastic mood change.
Calamity was approaching Victor from behind. The Captain watched it all happen as if in slow motion. His team noticed it too. Steve could hear them calling out to him trying to get his attention but his eyes were glued to that infernal woman who had staked claim on his life, his soul.
Logically, Tony knew how unreasonable he was being. That if the situation were reversed and it was Rhodey or Pepper out there on the line that he would be just as irrational and reckless… More so than usual.
“This had better be good Cap. I was in the zone.” Tony stated flashing Steve with an obnoxious grin.
“The folders that are going around contain all of the patients’ records medical and supplementary in every minuscule detail possible. Somewhere in these documents, there is a connection that links everything together. It is all of our jobs to find it.”
He picked himself off of the floor and gave himself a once over in the mirror. After he deemed himself presentable he opened the door to find Peggy on the other side looking worried. He scratched the back of his head sheepishly, feeling a bit guilty for worrying her.
“I can manage the rest on my own for now.  You should really turn in Tony.  I’ve got this.”  He turned to Steve and nodded knowing that the captain would be able to make the asinine genius obey.
Jesus Christ, Tony was terrified, he just wanted to scream and run impossibly wet himself a little. The terror must have shown on his face because the stare relented and the bastard had the audacity to smirk at him.
Tony moved to retaliate attempting a swift kick. Steve brought his arms up to guard waiting for the driving impact. Instead the reverberating sound of metal striking metal rang out like an awful hell song. Bucky had placed himself in front of Steve and used his arm as a shield to Tony’s attack.
“Well, as I’ve said before I have this annoying guy that insists I consume more than coffee on a regular basis.” He smirked.
“Oh God no. Definitely not Steve. And just for the record, we never, ever had sex. We were never like that.” Barnes chuckled.
Steve sighed heavily. "I kind of had a nightmare last night and it's hard not to think about." He answered as truthfully as he could.
It depicted Gloria talking to another agent identified as Special Agent Martha Hadley. Natasha had interviewed her earlier; her story matches what they know.
He quickly scooped Ellie up, blankets and all and even had enough foresight to grab her shoes. He went to the bedroom and grabbed the travel case that Peggy had prepared for this purpose.
The makeshift distorter he fashioned wasn't able to hold up to the incredible demands forced upon it. He knew it was a possibility that it just wasn't going to hold up. He didn't think he was capable of closing the hole entirely at this point.
What if he can decipher what he was thinking for even planning? He figured out how to read his eyes like Bucky did.
Eventually he began to add color, grabbing the reds and yellows then filling in shadows and highlights. He paid extra close attention to the strange light in the chest plate. He made sure to be certain it was the correct hue of blue.
Oh to kiss him was not the only thing he discovered he wanted to do with Tony.  He had always had the desire to pull Tony close into a deep and warm embrace. To hold him as close as he could to his own body.
The soldier clutched his own throat in an effort to calm his emotions. He reached out and grasped Tony’s forearms in solidarity. Somehow the genius found a modicum of comfort in that.
As soon as he finished signing his name he looked up to find Bucky staring at him not two feet away. He flinched back in shock not expecting him to be so close. Bucky smirked widely at him, deeply satisfied at having surprised his brother so. Before Steve could even recover properly however he was thrown into another shock when he discovered his hands empty. Bucky had taken his sketchbook and began reading his letter. Dread spread through his body.
“I don’t know what this Harker guy had been telling you but you have no idea who Tony really is, who we really are or what we are fighting for. You have no idea what our purpose is!” He began to shout. His utter frustration over everything bleeding through his usual stoic mask.
The Captain flinched at the sound of her voice, completely oblivious to her presence… Oh yes he was definitely out of it. She smiled warmly at him and stood up.
Bucky nodded, taking a deep breath as he pushed himself off of the wall painfully. They continued down the corridor before encountering a fork.
So in time Steve had been forced to learn more natural methods of taking care of things like headaches and muscle aches and such.  Meditation and aromatherapy were not even going to cut it this time, however.  Steve was this close to finding himself a pharmacy and consuming everything on site.
"What are you doing, Dumbass?! Don't just stand there, kill it! More are coming!" Barnes shouted from the rooftop across the way.
He encountered something hard and struck out at it with all his might.  Over and over until he vaguely felt something give.  The intensity of his pain grew to nearly impossible Heights.  Everything went an immaculate white.
That seemingly simple statement pierced through everyone’s mind and soul like an a-bomb. The end of days, the end of everything...
The repercussions of breaking Barnes out has already descended upon them like a horrendous hellfire. Fury, along with Pepper, were handling the negotiations so wickedly professionally and effectively Tony wanted to cry. It was all they could do to ensure the Army didn’t go bursting through the front doors and forcibly take Barnes back. It was all one huge ass political and bureaucratic mess.
“You did great Tony.  I know you want nothing more than to keep working but after this meeting I really hope you would stop and rest.”  Steve commented looking at Tony with a look that screamed no argument.
“Come now darling, you must have realized by now.” She smirked at him delighted in the fact that was practically a blushing virgin again.
Steve walked around for awhile with no destination in mind.  He was just thinking, and started wandering from hall to hall with nothing particular in mind.  He thought he would go to his quarters but had decided that they were much too small to contain his anxiety, recalling how not so long ago he was pacing, awaiting the arrival of their special guest who had unfortunately left so abruptly.
After his awful encounter with Calamity, Natasha was the first person he come across upon his return to the tower. He briefly explained his meeting with Calamity and broke the news that Steve had been taken. After setting up a few protocols and a grueling trip to the infirmary, Tony had sulked a way to his lab leaving Natasha to inform the others. He knew it was a dick move but he just couldn’t face them.
Steve pulled away and let Peggy bend down and scooped up Ellie and her arms. She began to kiss Eleanor all over her face making the child giggle and squealed in delight. Steve was so lost in the moment watching them that he nearly forgot what he was doing.
Bucky barely caught it and suppressed a chuckle. This night had become something neither of them expected.
And so it was the Captain stood alone on the roof once more. He had the biggest bone to pick with Tony but he was going to wait till he could get his head wrapped around this new piece of information. He was the keystone. The one thing Calamity needed to take over the world.
“You did it before, right? Why can’t you now?” Tony asked. He could feel the tendrils of panic and desperation lick at his consciousness.
“I know.” He admitted, looking Steve in the eye conveying without saying word that he knew what was coming, he felt it too. “But it matters to me.” He stated finally, giving Steve no room to argue.
Steve stood there for a moment, stunned to stillness. He could not get a grasp on his feelings at all. It was as if he were feeling everything there was to feel all at once. His heart pounded wildly and his breathes were short and fast.
His team did not deserve the way he bailed on them. He winced thinking back on the lengths he went through to escape. He drugged Jane and Darcy. That was bad. He knocked out Scott and Colson. Probably the two people least deserving of his attack. And Natasha… Now that he has had a moment to breathe he recalled that conversation with her all those weeks ago.
He lifted Steve’s gown to half look over the injury and make sure he didn’t strain his stitches and half to find pod evidence.
The man continued, "What year is it, anyway? No one operates that ancient contraption for fun." He said pointing to the mower.
“Ah, Peg, you don’t gotta,” She crossed her arms. “I mean you know how much I just love doing the dishes. You would be doing me a favor by letting me wash them.”
You are insanely hardheaded but know when to yield. You are so self-absorbed yet so hopelessly self-sacrificing. You are deeply selfish yet entirely generous. You are brash yet kind. You are hilarious yet your sense of humor is crap. You must be the world’s most beautiful walking contradiction and I desperately love you for it.
Bucky’s face went from concerned to scowling. But he did not interrupt. Steve could feel his desire for more information, however. So he began to tell him all about his complicated relationship with Tony Stark. He started at the beginning when he learned his good friend Howard Stark had a son that had become something of a hero in his own right and he had absently wondered if he would ever end up getting a chance to meet him. Surely if he was anything like Howard they’d probably get along swimmingly.
Bucky shook his head, an obvious war happening inside his mind. His frightened eyes looking around wildly before settling on the Captain.
"Why give your race a fighting chance?" She asked exasperated. "You sound just like your mate." She muttered. "I am not inherently evil. My methods may seem harsh and barbaric to you but I assure you I have the universes best interests at heart." She replied. "You asked me yourself if this all was a test and I answered.
The genius made his way over to Steve to give him a once over. He hoped however Steve managed to weasel out of the restraints he didn’t strain or hurt himself.
The sound of shattering glass cascaded around him once more. The walls cracked, no, not just the walls he realized, the entire vision seem to be coming apart.
Sometime ago they had realized that they had found solace in each other’s company. Coping with a world they could not quite understand and getting to know it together. Soon though their conversation was cut short by the dramatic entrance of non-other than that of Tony Stark.
Steve called out in a deafening roar as he stood on the precipice of a decimated building overlooking the harrowing battlefield. His golden hair waved in the winds; his pale milky skin was blemish free. His shield was braced over his left arm proudly, adamantly. He stood with absolute authority and prideful resonance.
Angie frowned then looked up at Steve reprimandingly, "You bought her a new one?" She asked incredulous.
Upon his inspection he noted that Tony had a new bruise on his face.  A fresh one.  Steve’s features softened in concern. He slowly reached his hand up to Tony’s face.
“If we now know that this being chooses people based on being touched by evil perhaps that is how the planets are chosen. Worlds that are torn apart by war and madness? Just a thought.” He replied.
He heaved himself out of bed and began his morning routine. Just as he began to dry off after a refreshing shower an alarm started to wail. Steve sighed. Someone somewhere was causing a ruckus. Ugg, today was going to be a painfully long day.
He kept stirring the liquid mixture as she began to steadily poor the sifted flour into the other mixing bowl.
Tony continued. "And if I stop you from tearing out everybody's soul and forcing them to do your bidding then fucking great!" He snarked, regaining some of his waning bravado.
How odd, he had never pictured himself in that kind of relationship, mostly because if any were to ever find out he and his lover would be killed for it. Steve sighed heavily, he found it interesting that he didn't find fault in being in a same-sex relationship with someone only that it was a safety concern.
“We won’t be able to use the painkiller for this. I don’t want any interference to inhibit any of your neurological commands being sent to the neurotransmitters and through your body’s natural nervous system. So, I’ll put your music on.” Tony decided dryly.
As he continued to write all of these thoughts in his Journal he had suddenly felt that strange presence again. He turned around quickly to find the strange man standing there!
“Hey hey, I will not be tolerating this kind of behavior in my meeting room!”  Shouted Director Fury in an attempt to negate the rising conflict.
He was yanked out of his thoughts, however, by the shrieking sound of metal tearing apart. Immediately after he felt the air return to his lungs and with it his other senses.
He had just come up with the most insane and stupidest idea by far. Seriously, he should get an award for coming up with the stupidest solutions possible in any given situation. He must be half crazy or delirious considering he began to agree with the others that he should have remained locked up. Why did they not do a better job?!
“Yeah, she said as long as she got to keep the keystone everyone else would be fine.”  Steve clarified.
“Ellie, darling, why don’t you tell me what you and your father got up to today?” Peggy asked from her place by the counter.
“As far as we can tell their brains and bodies are functioning perfectly as if they are awake and well.”  Added Fury.
He quickly went to the start of his feed and watched the moment the kiss happened. He desperately watched everyone’s reactions and realized with wretched relief that though many displayed shock none were looks of disgust. He felt a twinge of irritation as Barton passed over a wad of cash to Romanov.
Steve had winced at that.  He knew it was a possibility but he was rather impulsive at the time.  They also told him that the properties of his vibranium shield neutralized the core when he fractured it.  Apparently that had been the absolute best course of action in that scenario.  All other alternatives would have led to significant collateral damage.
After seeing how easily the decrepit thing died Tony pulled himself together. In one fluid motion, Iron Man grabbed the shield and threw it back at Barnes then turned and shot repulser beams at the Rhododendron. Tony growled as the pink bastard squealed and lept from his perch just narrowly missing the beam and scrambled away as Iron Man unleashed his arsenal upon him.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake!” Tony cursed. The genius took a deep calculating breath in an attempt to alleviate his irritation, then continued on. “Don’t be afraid to give it hell. It may not be good for an actual battle but it should hold up well in other rough conditions. I’ll be monitoring its progress through the sensors I installed.”
He could tell at the very least that it had been thoroughly cleaned, but damn. Then all too suddenly the disturbing conclusion came to him. Whoever authorized this wanted to see exactly how well the Winter Soldier would heal without aid. It was an experiment. Tony saw red. He didn’t bring the prisoners here to be experimented on.
Tony rolled his eyes and turned back to Barnes. The soldier was staring up at the hologram utterly transfixed, eyes open wide.
Steve wanted to punch him.  Seriously, why do they have to assume anything happened?  Even if he wanted something to happen…  Nope!  Not thinking about it.
Suddenly, his vision began to blur around the edges and become darker as if he were in a black haze. Then, he heard a bloodcurdling scream. He quickly turned towards the set of doors that led deeper into the maternity ward.
“I know. You’re not the only one.” Steve replied with a hint of a pout. Tony said something like that not too long ago.
He let go of her wrist reluctantly. She reached for Tony again. Tony stiffened, his posture as hard as iron.
“We are fine Steve, thanks to you. You should really rest now.” Natasha stated from her seat next to Steve.
The five hours had come and gone much quicker than any had anticipated.  Even though just a few hours wasn’t all that much time it was just enough to clear the mind.
“Tsk, idiot.”  Was Steve’s only response before he dipped down and pressed a feather light kiss on to Tony’s swollen cheek.
Once he had completed the devices and checked and rechecked each one of them he and his team were going to place them on the foreheads of each person afflicted. He didn't like that he was going to have to literally rip all those people out of a generated heaven but he had to in order to save everyone. He figured he'd at least figure out a way to pay for everybody's therapy.
“I knew that thing was a menace. Didn’t I say we needed it off the compound?” He points an accusing finger at Bruce, because he needs someone to blame right now.
“Captain Rogers to see you, boss,” FRIDAY says, as Tony throws aside the towel and heads to the door, swinging it open.
It was close to 2am when he knocked on Steve’s door. He took a deep breath and waited as he heard footsteps nearing the door. There was a long pause of quiet, as Steve gauged whether or not to let him in.
“It’s a great idea actually, and something you’re going to enjoy.  Plus, you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.”
Steve purses his lips, but doesn’t push further. “Fine,” he says. He grabs his jacket, moving towards the door. “Don’t give him too much. That’s all sugar, he’ll bounce off the walls.”
Peter comes willingly when Tony sits down on the floor and holds out a pair of Iron Man underpants. He also consents to squirming into pair of soft gray joggers, but, for the hell of it, makes Tony chase him around the room a few times before wiggling into a t-shirt covered in little red dinosaurs. He pokes at the figures on his chest, mangling pronunciations of tyrannosaurs and stegosaurus and diplodocus. When Tony laughs, he throws his arms around Tony’s neck, going limp until Tony picks him up. He nestles into Tony’s side, listing comfortably as Tony rubs his back. From across the room, Steve stares at them both, a look Tony can’t quite decipher.
Tony looks at the side of Steve’s face, takes in the creases along his forehead, the crows feet that are just starting to appear at the corner of his eyes, and thinks of what first brought them together. “It’s hard,” he says. “Watching someone you love fight for their life. Especially after you’ve already lost so much.”
Tony spreads his legs slightly, stroking himself a few times before pulling out completely. Without breaking eye contact, Steve opens his mouth slightly, just a bit, for Tony to place the tip of his erection there.  They’ve been through too much this evening and Steve knows Tony won’t push him farther than he can go, but he peaks out his tongue anyway, licking the head of Tony’s cock, tasting precome. He groans at the taste, different from Kara, and opens his mouth a little wider, softly sucking at the head.
“See, that’s better, right?”  Putting down the drink, Tony kept a minimum of space between them and moved his hand back to Steve’s shoulder, kneading out some of the tension. His fingers were firm but light, rubbing slow circles along the back of Steve’s neck, trailing his fingers through the short hair at his nape.  It was nice, Steve had to admit.
He didn’t answer, just buried his nose in the short hairs at the back of Steve’s neck and inhaled deeply. What he was doing wasn’t fair to either of them, he knew that, but he couldn’t resist. His mind tried to reason with him, but his body couldn’t, wouldn’t obey.He knew though that if Steve turned to face him, tried to really kiss him, he would run.
“Where the hell are you going?” Tony balks at being the only adult in the room, but Steve doesn’t answer, just gives him a little wave on his way out.
May shakes her head. ”I can’t get close to this Peter,” she says. “I don’t think I’d be able to let him go.” She smooths back Peter’s hair and gathers up her coat and bag. “Ben and I never had kids. I always wanted a baby, but not like this. Fix him, Tony. Fix him now.”
Tony’s not one to linger in bed, but he knows this chance may not come again. He knows he won’t get back to sleep and for once he’s glad of it. He curls tighter around Steve, burying his face in the back of his neck, counting his own breaths until Steve finally starts to stir.
“It’s alright,” Tony says. His face heats up at the thought of Steve, in his bed, hand wrapped up around himself, trying to come in sheets that smell like Tony.
But a couple of weeks ago, over too many Asgardian ales (thank you, Thor!) Tony had pushed the subject of his sex life, or lack there of, causing Natasha and Banner both to flee the room.
“If anybody asks Jarvis, I’m going to the Raft for some answers.” He commanded as he blasted off through a tunnel into the sky.
Natasha barely had time to eject before the aircraft was engulfed in explosive flame. It crashed into the ground with a resounding blast that sent shock waves miles away. The Doom bot was ready to engage its opponents once more and had locked on to Natasha who was still trying to recover from the blast.
At the time I thought that if I had kids I could possibly do something like that for them, you know make them happy…  I dunno I might be drunk.”  He laughed as he finished his story scratching the back of his head.
Tony winked at him on his right and he caught it with the corner of his eye. Yep that man was infuriating.
Over the last few days he had gotten to know the ins and outs of the top two floors thoroughly, using the activities with his team to do so.
Everyone was stunned to silence, mulling over what the Captain was telling them. He was absolutely right, about it all! They had almost lost control.
It was sunset now, in the sky to the west was a beautiful bright golden orange and a bold brilliant indigo to the east. Steve's heart nearly skipped a beat when he spotted Iron Man's visage right under where the orange and indigo skies met in a breathtaking magenta. Steve smiled reverently at Tony's approach, he could not wait to have that enigmatic man in his arms.
It wasn’t the deceit of it either.  He’s handled so many covert cases to know.  He had been in the loop and out of the loop enough to understand that this whole thing wasn’t because of how dangerous the information was.
“OK, I think that it would be a bit of wishful thinking to assume we’re dealing with just one alien.  That is a lot of ground to cover in such a small amount of time and for all we know this particular alien race, or whatever, can all look alike or have the capacity to make themselves look alike.”  Clint argued Tony’s point.
He recalled how he stared at Tony almost the entire time he was asleep engraving his visage into memory. Later after the genius woke up and went back to work Steve re-created the scene with tender passion.
Steve looked away red in the face.  Oh boy does he hate when Tony does that.  “It has been one heck of a day Cap; I think it is high time to turn in.  There’s not much we can do at this point aside from getting in the way.”  Tony gestured to the door.
It was on the night of the fifth day when things finally started to settle down. Tony expanded the dining room into something of a banquet hall. A lot of people had huge appetites and Tony was downright astonished over the most recent food bill. Steve only laughed.
“Actually, scratch that. Fury should be the one to worry; he’s got the deadly secrets.” Tony said in all his snarky glory.
When he entered, the bell above the door jingled. The shopkeeper looked up and saw Steve, his face lit up brightly.
He may not have been in control of his suit but he was in control of this. He refused to be trapped any longer and do this nut cases bidding. He refused to be the reason that more innocent people died. He refused to watch as his own hands killed his friends.
“But not Steve!” Tony shouted, his deep-seated turmoil rising to the surface. “But not Steve…” He whispered in despair.
“Well, if that’s it, then this meeting is over.  And because I don’t want a repeat of what happened this morning,” He paused looking pointedly at Bruce and Clint, “I am ordering you all to get an appropriate amount of sleep.  I will not tolerate another outburst again.  Okay, that said, everyone go on, get out of here.”  With that Fury abruptly left the room, Maria and Coulson hot on his heels.
"I know, I'm sorry, Babydoll. I'm so sorry but Tony is out there somewhere and I need to get to him."
He flinched back at her tone all the while cradling his rapidly swelling face. She huffed sharply then turned on her heel and stomped out of the lab.
She squeezed Bucky’s hands then leaned over and patted Tony on the cheek. She gave him another small meaningful smile before walking out of the room.
The Captain took a few steps back to give Iron Man room enough to land. Tony touched down soon enough and piece by piece the armor that had enveloped his body lifted away, revealing the handsome man beneath. Steve licked his lips at the sight.
“No matter how much you think it, I don’t want to torture you more. So I’m just going to cut to the chase and ask you just one more question, OK? But you gotta swear you’ll answer me honestly.”
Maggie was rocking Eli whose wails had died down after the mood shifted back to a positive note. He was still a little fussy but was now falling asleep. The poor baby must be hungry by now. They all probably were.
“Okay, now are you ready for step two? Or do you have any other shocking revelations before we get started?” Tony asked with an incredulous shake of his head.
Tony almost jumped right out of his skin. Before he could even respond the soldier had already exited the elevator. Tony flinched when he heard gunshots go off but relaxed a bit when he heard the agents scream and groan in pain. Tony took out his phone and used it to commandeer the control panel. He had to do what he could to help Jarvis get back in the system.
It was oddly reminiscent of the many times, back in the day, when he had been thrown against a back alley wall.  He shook his head.  Now was most certainly not the time to allow his thoughts to go down that road.  As he pushed himself off the wall rather forcefully he roughly shoved that the fleeting thought of laughing blue eyes back to the depths of his mind.
Fuck! They needed to get out of the prison as soon as possible and get Bucky treated. Tony tried to think. He quickly took off his shirt leaving him in his under tank. He wadded up his T-shirt and pressed it to the wound the best he could and dug out duct tape out of his satchel and bound Bucky’s wound with his shirt and tape. After Tony was sure the makeshift binding would hold until he got back to the tower, he looked up to see Barnes staring queerly at his arc reactor. Bucky grabbed the edge of the tank at the top and pulled down, exposing it completely.
Before Steve could respond however Bucky’s weight was off of him in an instant and all he could see was a red and gold blur.
Bucky was relieved when Steve finally agreed to let him go instead. One of the twins probably would have been an even safer option, however, they knew that there was something that he needed to take care of and this was the best time to do it. Unfortunately, he couldn’t really come out with it and tell Steve what he was planning. He hates keeping something so important from his friend but Steve already has such a massive load on his plate, he does not need yet another thing to worry about on the eve of… well... his end.
“God, you can’t even cut me a freaking break for one God damn moment!” Tony sighed. “Fine! We’ll continue this later. Tomorrow afternoon I want to mount the first prototype. Be ready.” He said stifling yet another yawn. As Tony brushed past Barnes to get to the door first our genius zapped him in the ribs with his tiny zap stick.
The following day had been the most dismal by far. Everybody had moved languidly throughout the entire morning. It wasn’t until Steve and Tony made a reappearance did anyone consider to even eat. Steve made sure they did.
“What the hell are you doing you useless piece of shit. You’re supposed to stop him!” The nasty fat man screamed out.
The Captain wanted to protest, however, after everything he was too tired to go on. He was emotionally and physically drained. He needed this time to lick his wounds and rest up. He nodded reluctantly and made himself comfortable next to Bucky. He watched his sleeping face for a moment letting his mind go back to the last night they spent together before their tragic mission to catch Zola’s train.
He began to assess his restraints. The one time he wished he was small again, he could weasel out of almost anything back then.
“Thank you for having us today.” He smiled. “Peggy, Steve this is Sarah Maria Collins, my fiancé.” His smile became almost shy. It looked utterly out of place on Howard’s usually confident face. “Maria honey, these two are my oldest friends Steve and Peggy.” He introduced.
“I don’t know how you did it, but I’m fucking happy you did.” Barnes said nodding at Steve as the Captain plowed his way through the enemy.
Tony flinched as if it was he himself she was touching. He desperately tried to shake off the dread and doubt her simple response conjured. The only weapon he had left was his confidence in his own abilities, he absolutely could not afford to lose that now.
He could not for the life of him stop thinking about Bucky. It was awful. He thought he had moved on to an extent. To him it had been only a few years since his death. He thought the loss of his mother was painful, but losing Bucky had been unbearable. For most of his life Bucky had been the one absolute constant, through the good times and the bad.
“Tell me! If you had an honest to God choice, would you have killed my parents? Would you have killed Howard and Sarah Maria Stark!?”
“One of those warehouses belongs to Shield. And it so happens to contain an early model E–409 series Quin Jet. One of the first to receive advanced stealth technology.”
As you can imagine I was relieved to find life on other planets. I was afraid I had destroyed the only other sentient creatures besides myself and that I was meant to be eternally alone.
A/N: Holy crap! This chapter was by far the most difficult chapter I ever had to write. No, not because it was emotionally draining or anything, but because it was such a hot mess. It was just all over the place, it's like I vomited up Half Baked ideas all over 30 college-ruled notebook pages. Then I sprinkled in some incredibly awkward dialogue that didn't transition well, not to mention the entire three pages of content I left out of the final draft because it got way too damn political.
Tony watched as he darted rooftop to rooftop trying to get ahead of these guys. Tony analyzed the situation. He needed to shield the people from Rhododendron and his lackeys.
Tony startled and tried to back away but was weighed down heavily by the remains of his dead suit. He had gotten a few feet but was pinned down by the demented bunny.
He looked back to the water, what he saw made his blood run cold. An enormous gnarled beak began to emerge from the rift.
He felt incredibly guilty. He may not remember what it was he was so lost in thought about, but he knew however, that he definitely was not thinking about Peggy. Now that was something to be scared about.
“All right people this meeting room will now come to order.” Shouted Fury over the various voices mingling together in the Super Duper Meeting room.
Howard and his fiancée were right on time. After Steve closed the door behind them Peggy led their friend and his lady to the living room after calling Eleanor back into the house. Once everyone was present Howard finally spoke up.
“That is true sister, we have tempted fate far too long now.” He turned to Steve. “Are you sure you want to waste your time helping us?” Pietro said as he rose an eyebrow expectantly.
“I do not find that funny. I just don’t understand what her obsession with this guy is. She’s suddenly insanely protective of him.”
At the sound of Steve’s voice everyone paused and took a deep and long and cleansing breath. A wave of tranquility washed over them for a moment. They felt something percolating deep within the core of their souls. Something akin to relief, perhaps acceptance, and maybe just maybe even a little spark of hope still smoldering within their hearts. It is incredibly amazing that such peace had been achieved under such a woeful circumstance.
Suddenly, Barnes emitted something of a yelping whine from deep in his throat that he unsuccessfully tried to cover up with a cough.
Bucky almost winced at the deeply earnest expression on Steve’s face and the desperation in his voice. He cannot for the life of him deny his best friend his last wishes.
“She was right. You’re not worth it.” The genius turned abruptly intending to leave. Instead he paused for a moment’s turning slightly. “God, I wish they hadn’t dug you out of the ice. You should have been left there.” He stated finally before walking away leaving our dear Captain completely and utterly devastated.
"Sir, another wave of doom bots are incoming. The sensors indicate two hundred and fifty of them. ETA two minutes."
“My dear, I can only imagine what this information does to you. To learn that one of your father’s first valiant conquests of his youth was misguided and based purely on conjecture.” Thor shifted uncomfortably.
“That’s good right?  You said you would have the code decrypted around now anyway right?”  Natasha asked hope filling her.
Steve didn't bother writing it down, somehow, he knew it would only disappear again. He was certain something hinky was happening and somehow it centered around Tony, his time traveling friend. (Lover?)
“A vessel!?  You’re possessing someone?”  Tony nearly raged as he tried to step out from behind Steve.  The Captain would not let him.  However, Steve was utterly stricken at the thought.
This is so ridiculous! He still fills all this love, devotion and adoration for the man before him. He’s utterly torn. He desperately wants to wrench himself away from Tony and yet, he also wants to pull him closer and never let go. Instead he nods, a tear began rolling down his face without permission. He does not know what to do. He almost was going to give in and trust Tony but then he remembered all the reasons why he can’t.
“This is why I broke you out. It has to be you. Don’t you see? Steve has his talents, some natural and some enhanced from the serum. But all inspired by you! It was because of you that he aimed to be the kind of man he is. You inspired him to achieve greatness. Many of the great things he had managed to accomplish through his life was because of you! As much as it seriously pains me to admit it you are more capable of leading this team than I am.” Tony declared through gritted his teeth.
Steve grew stricken when he couldn’t detect a heartbeat. He began CPR. He did gentle but firm chest compressions and made sure to give small breaths her tiny lungs. Tears were streaming down his face now. He began to chant “Please don’t die.” over and over and over.
“Yeah, I figured as much. Come on, follow me. I wanna show you something.”  Tony replied waggling eyebrows.
After completing a satisfactory drawing of Rocky they decided to try their hand at illustrating their favorite fairy tales. Steve put down the pink colored pencil he was using to color in a princess dress and spoke to Ellie.
The internal mechanisms in his left arm began whirring frantically and was the only warning Steve got before Bucky leapt up suddenly.
He sighed internally. He really did not know exactly what he was going to do in this situation. Here he was, trying to fight against fate. Was he not the one who gave Calamity permission to do this in the first place? Yes, but one can hardly say she turned back time for this. It was all an illusion she conjured up for him. It must be the same for the others as well, her other victims.
Important…  He was trying to figure out what he was doing that was important!  He did not have time to identify Fury’s significance.  But what was important?  He did not know.
A/N: I’m here! Welcome back everyone! I’ve got a new chapter for you all. Please don’t forget to leave me a review at the end and tell me how you liked it, I’d love to hear from you all.
Tony and Steve were still speechless; any words that could be said in this situation have already been said.
By the time Tony got to that moronic bunny he had already smashed the device to pieces with the rock. The pink asshole sprang away laughing like a lunatic as Iron Man landed heavily next to the device. He quickly analyzed the shattered mess to see if it was salvageable.
“That’s… Awesome.” Barnes said after a long moment. He had been watching as Dumm-E made its way to the next room during Tony’s explanation.
Johnny made eye contact with Steve trying to convey so much in one look.  There were tones of anger, regret, sorrow, pain, resignation and something akin to acceptance.  Steve could not figure out what all that meant.  He had no idea what was going on.  Xavier gave him a regretful nod before exiting with the last of his team leaving only Steve and Tony alone.
Most of the last few hours consisted of Thor arguing with the scholars and archivalists about removing the ancient texts from their proper stores. They went back and forth and rounds and rounds in a nightmarish dance of wits, logic and pettiness. It was enough to make one sick from the insane banter. In the end, though, the King came to intervene.
“So what happened? Where did it go wrong?” Bucky asked with care. “I mean, you don’t have to say, I-I know there are things that I sure as hell do not want to talk about. I just… If I can help in any way…” He trailed off.
Under normal circumstances his condition would be most concerning, however, he did not see any point in worrying over it. It was all going to be over soon enough anyway.
Most of the documents pretty much repeat and clarify everything Thor had already uncovered. The one new piece of information they discovered was an old etching similar to the portrait referencing a keystone of sorts. They had discussed whether or not it referred to a literal keystone or similar object or if it was meant to convey a more figurative message. Either way it was something.
Tony continued, “And the score happens to be 16-19, get it right! Now get your ass into that chair!” Tony pointed to the operating station.
“Listen Steve, despite your internment something else pushed you over the edge. I’m sure it wasn’t the vice president assassination.” Bucky pressed the Captain closer. “What happened Steve? What aren’t you telling me?”
"Everything is going to be fine, Stark," He murmured with an eerie calm. "You said it yourself…" He picked up a rock.
“As it would seem sir.” Jarvis’s voice affirmed out of seemingly everywhere? Of course Tony had infiltrated Shields mainframe again…
“That there was a time in which no one fell ill. The calm before the storm, if you will, before people started to fall by the thousands. ‘And the city’s fell one by one. Every soul lost to the abyss.’ Well, people are still dropping left and right but not cities at a time, not yet anyway.” Tony concluded.
“Well let’s just say I won’t need this anymore.” He replied as he placed a tiny device on the table it couldn’t be any bigger than a pinky nail.
Steve snapped his attention to Tony, making eye contact. Tony quickly and deftly unbuttoned and unzipped Steve's jeans in one swift motion. He dipped his hand in tenderly and pulled Steve's throbbing length free from its confines. Steve watched him with rapt attention, still maintaining eye contact. He swallowed thickly and trembled in lustful expectancy.
Steve can’t imagine the kind of position Thor is then. The love of his life is doomed for all intents and purposes, and he is not a part of that equation, yet. He is on the outside looking in on the possible end of an entire race of people. Depending on how involved he becomes in all of this he could gain the attention of Calamity to the point of dooming all of his own people to this fate.
Xavier was feeling much better after trying to control the inevitable temper tantrum of the Hulk.  He had vastly underestimated how much the big guy wanted out.  Of course it didn’t help how exhausted he was to begin with.  Clint eventually woke up in time and was currently nursing a glorious black eye and busted lip. He was feeling quite admonished after his fit.  Later, still jaded from his temper tantrum Bruce woke up and decided despite being on standby he would help and aid Hank and Tony with whatever they could come up with.
Steve couldn't help but to pick up on the reverence in Calamity's voice as she spoke of her long-lost friend and the tribe she was born to.
Tony almost wanted to smile proudly and voice his swelling pride yet given the situation he wisely remained silent knowing the Captain would likely just shoot his ass.
Steve was jolted out of his thoughts at Ellie's cry. He mourned the moment he did for the memory had completely escaped him. He shook himself.
During the operation Barnes nearly had a breakdown. It was one thing to remove hardware that caused his pain and torment for years. It was another to have new, similar hardware installed. Like Tony warned, the procedure was excruciating. You’d think the most painful part was mounting the bone anchors as they needed to drill deep into the bone for the insertion mechanism and anchor screws. Because, he had the painkilling device that Tony created, that part will was a piece of cake for Barnes in comparison to the installation of the neuro-clasps. Each clasp needed to be attached to an existing nerve then tested.
After everything that has happened so far not just to Steve but in the world in general, it’s mind blowing.  Steve remembered a time when black people were treated subhuman.  Now they hold powerful positions like Fury, like even the presidency.
Eons passed and the races evolved. Some found ways off their own planets and on to others. Still the story remains the same.
“Oh?  Is that all you are going to say on the subject?  You know if you don’t give us details we are just going to assume all the good stuff that must’ve happened.”  Clint winked at him.
"You found her!" Ellie squealed in delight and hopped from his lap then face planted into Angie's stomach.
Just as he issued the command the flight stabilizers ceased and Iron Man went down. The impact with the Earth was jarring without the help of the stabilizers.
“Because of me. Think dumbass, if you really were two timing him and he called you out on it, it would have been harder for him to find a way to get to me.” Bucky sighed relentingly. “He told me he couldn’t stay after that. If his days were truly numbered then he’d do anything he could to… To save me… The stupid punk.” Bucky turned his face away from the glass but Tony could recognize that gesture anywhere. The soldier was on the verge of crying.
The Rhododendron had figured out how to use the suits weapons system. His first target? The containment field.
“And when will that be? Huh?! Calamity will claim me before that happens! Am I meant to spend literally the rest of my life locked away!?”
He chuckled bitterly to himself. Oh boy, does he have a whole truck load of things he wants to say to Tony Stark. He seethed for a moment, thinking of all the nasty and venomous insults he wanted to throw at him.
They never even got a chance. If he hadn't been so stupid and overly cautious, if he hadn't kept Tony at arms length, they could have thrived! They could have really been something explosive!
Just as he reached his intended floor, a laughing Tony and an irritated Rhodey stumbled out of the elevator.
First, she morphed into a beautiful elf like creature. Though mystical and otherworldly, he could still recognize her humanlike features.
Tony worked methodically, removing pieces of his own armor in order to use the small machinery and mechanisms to rebuild the device. He had already removed most of his chest plate, the suits arc reactor, both gauntlets and his helm and face plate.
Oh God! He was a monster. He was the scum of the earth. He made his baby girl cry! He was deeply disturbed. Suddenly he was slapped in the back of the head.
The last thing the saw clearly was Calamity’s smirking face from upon her perch on the water tower just beyond Iron Man’s crimson shoulder plate. Then the darkness took him once more.
“No. I know you don’t remember this but there will be no babying me you got that? You handle me with kid gloves and I hurt you.” She eyed him pointedly, lovely glowing features threatening to morph into a deep scowl.
“You were literally frozen solid for nearly 6 months before Howard found you. It was dreadful when we pulled you out of the ice, we assumed the worst. Because of Erskine’s formula you lived. However, the combination of the trauma when freezing then thawing left you with damage that… Well, is taking a very long while to heal properly, leaving you with unfortunate episodes of amnesia.” She explained gently.
While Barnes was happily recovering after the removal of the hardware, Tony spent a few days analyzing each and every component and adding his own altercations and upgrades to the new designs. After that, he had Jarvis thoroughly analyze the microchips and came up with a refined program for the neurotransmitters. He had also isolated Hydra’s other potentially malevolent programming and was running analysis on their exact purpose.
Tony ran his worn hands through his dark messy hair trying to calm himself. He promised himself he wasn’t going to get emotional over this, that he wasn’t going to give that conniving bastard the satisfaction…
Tony continued to scowl at the soldier as he made himself comfortable. He sighed and ran his hands through his hair again, as if the act would somehow smooth his thoughts into place.
That punch that had connected threw him for a loop. Even when they were fighting like cats and dogs in the beginning never had he been on the receiving end of such fury from Tony. He knew this was a very probable possibility yet he was still surprised by how much it hurt. Both physically and emotionally.
He found the works and even technique completely unfamiliar to him. They were utterly stale and without feeling.
The aid bot was dragging Tony away from the fray.  Steve hoped he was okay.  That moment of distraction cost him as the dark figure swiped his feet out from under him.
She continued. "I know you are poised to break my hold over the citizens of this world." She said almost pensively. "However, allow me to ask you this, should you?" She inquired, finally turning to face him.
What started out as a mild annoyance and something to help occupy his time, his quest to figure out the significance of the man in his dreams had in itself become the nightmare. As much as he desperately wanted to deny it, to blatantly ignore it, there was a small nagging part of him that knew the mystery man was definitely more than a friend. So much more.
Steve smiled sadly one last time at his sketch and turned back to his letter and began writing once more. If today was really the end, then he was going to send all his love to him. He was going to let that beautiful man know how much his existence impacted his life and how much he really meant to him. He hoped that of all the time they spent together he had a positive impact on Tony’s life to.
God he hated himself so bad right now for destroying that radio. It was a significant piece of his plan. Now he could not use it to know what Shield was up to.
“Ok, let see what we’ve got here. You have a fractured left tibia that seems to be healing quite rapidly. Your right radius is broken in three places but has been perfectly set and is also healing quickly.” She paused looking at the charts more intently then proceeded,
He began to tell him about the friction he had with his team after the fuzz buzz incident and everything after that. He ended with his great escape but left out a few of the Tony bits, however.
The plants and animals had truly amused me for a time. However, encountering my first sentient creature on this planet had truly satisfied me in a way nothing else could. It was also the first time I learned something significant about myself. I could see it's living soul clearer than any other and I marveled at its beauty.
Steve’s breath caught in his throat as he realized with true terror his brother’s intended target was Tony! With that weapon he could do it. Steve froze in trepidation unable to fully comprehend everything that was happening. He saw the ferocity in his friend’s eyes and took in his entire nightmarish appearance, his right arm limp at his side dripping blood at an alarming rate and his frightening left arm glittering in the sunlight with false hope holding a weapon that could kill his love.
I’ve had time to think things over at this point. It’s funny, you are by far the most infuriating, egotistical, neurotic asshole I have ever met and yet I find myself so deeply and stupidly in love with you.
“I ask the historians and archivalist of my world what they thought of the matter.” He set the little leather strap aside.
Steve rolled over in a huff and tried to banish such dangerous thoughts from his mind. He realized he faced Peggy now. He gently placed his hand on her belly and was nearly brought to tears at the fluttering movements of his unborn child. With the incredible feeling of blossoming life beneath his palm he finally drifted off to sleep.
“Nah, I’ll just use your mirror to straighten up as best I can. If I can… I look like a disaster!” She exclaimed looking into said mirror.
“Fuck, okay fine! I’ll go.” He scowled. “But I don’t like it one bit. In order for her to take you you need to feel more pain right? I don’t want you to be alone for that.”
Steve stared at his drawings of the man. He really felt bad for him. He couldn't remember him for one and he had apparently broken his heart for another. Not to mention, he still did not know the man's name. He did find some modicum of peace in the fact that his relationship likely existed with the man before his marriage to Peggy. At least he hadn't cheated on her.
“No it’s fine, I just hope the key to all this is hidden somewhere in well… all this.” Steve replied gesturing to all of the books in his arms.
But what does it all mean? He was the keystone. Why send him back? It made no sense. The confusion was rolling off of him in waves and Calamity sighed.
“Yes I am, but I gotta figure out how without letting someone get hurt.” Steve replied. The coms sparked again and this time it was a jumbled mess.
"Okay, Babydoll, do you know where the seamstress is? All I know is its general direction." He said pointing east.
“Hold on, just to be clear, you don’t care that I’m in love with another man?” He asked with trepidation.
They headed on over to the lounge area, the very one in which our genius and Clint had their talk in. The very place in which he decided to maybe, just maybe, give Barnes a chance. And here is where he was going to give him that chance.
Time was truly of the essence. He had to put the new machine together before the hole widened enough to either suck them all in or for that beast to crawl out. Tony chuckled darkly at the irony of his plan. It was stupid, dangerous, and possibly a little suicidal (as per usual, but do you honestly expect anything less at this point?) In Tony's defense, it was the only thing he could think of that could even have the smallest possibility of working in such a short amount of time.
He was having a good feeling about the whole situation knowing a majority of the victims were found in public places.
It was sometime later when Steve heard a soft knock on the bathroom door.  He had no idea how much time had passed. At some point, he had backed himself against the door and had slid down to the floor. He held his head in his hands as he kept trying to reassure himself that everything was okay.
He began to recount how he came to the conclusion that he needed to apologize and that when he tried to have Jarvis tell Tony to come back Tony had already issued a do not disturb protocol. He commented how he didn’t think anything of it then and proceeded to remove himself from his restraints. He described in painful detail how he hobbled about searching for the genius only to find Ms. Potts leaving his room utterly disheveled. Like the way she used to…
She continued to study him for a moment before she relented. “If you are sure…” She said trailing off.
Now it feels almost like a betrayal of sorts.  He knows somewhere deep down that his friends really are keeping his best interests at heart.  But damn, they just had to choose one of the worst ways to do it.
Steve watched Tony with a glare as he dragged open a drawer and pulled out a pad of sketch paper used for schematics and drafting and handed it to The Soldier.
“Oh, thank God. You promise? As you know I’m starting to develop a thing about people ‘asking’ me to surrender.” He quipped. He smirked when he could visibly see their agitation grow.
It wasn’t until quite recently that Steve was even able trust the others with his innermost thoughts and concerns. Let alone to the snarky Tony Stark. But that had changed radically on a mission about ten months back. Captain America and Iron Man had gotten trapped in a collapsed subway tunnel. With one severely injured and the other waxing and waning out of consciousness they had nothing better to do than to quarrel with each other only to find that the reasons why they clashed and fought so much were all based on false assumptions and terrible first impressions. With a bit of heart to heart bonding, that can only happen being trapped in close proximity to each other for over five hours; they came upon an understanding and perhaps even the start of a profound budding relationship.
“Yep, the monitor gave us a relatively clear view of her face. As you can see he looked right at her and then 69 seconds later…BAM, lights out.” Clint finished victoriously.
“Okay, here’s the plan. We are going to keep moving forward. When we get close enough Kevin will use the sonic pulse. Okay? I know you’re scared, but I need you guys to be brave. Okay?”
He knew the memory that came and went during dinner was about that strange man, he barely remembered fleeting images of the man with a severe pout but for the life of him could not remember why. He turned the page in his sketchbook and tried to re-create that pout the best he could.
He sighed and gazed out the window to get a rough estimate of how the weather was going to be that day. His idle curiosity morphed to God forsaken horror when he spotted the mystery man just across the way starring down at the little black device in his hand. Steve gasped in shock and threw his hands over his mouth to muffle the noise. He hoped to God Ellie didn't hear is exclamation. He squeezed his eyes shut and took a deep breath to gather his wits and courage.
Steve paused. That was true, no one would recognize Bucky easily. But Tony would. He did not want to put him at risk like that.
"Yay! I knew you could do it!" Ellie said to the doll and planted a kiss in the middle of Princess Avalon's face.
“I can’t get involved with whatever is happening.”  Bruce said quickly.  “There are innocent people here and I’m too much of a liability. I can feel him pounding, I don’t have much time.”  Bruce said straining to keep control.
Breakfast this time consisted of oatmeal, eggs and toast. They had sat down for breakfast much earlier than usual but everybody was awake and Peggy needed to leave early, so it worked out fine.
“How close were you? I mean I know what the history books say and what my father told me, but there’s very little about you two before ‘Captain America.’” Tony asked.
Everyone knew they were about to go down a bad road.  Remembering what happen that day; it was Loki’s intention to drive everyone apart and right now it was about to happen again.
Before the Captain could respond bullets began to rain down upon them. Captain America and Thor tried blocking them as best they could.
A fresh wave of tears rolled down Bucky’s face and he blinked rapidly trying to clear his eyes of them but to no avail. “I feel the same.” He choked down a sob.
That has a nice ring to it. Because that’s what he is, a stupid dumb ass for giving his heart away, for actually letting someone get so damn close, closer than anyone has ever been.
He did not even know what state of mind the man was in right now. Before what happened happened, Tony had it set up where if Barnes was feeling up to it he could see Tony freely. Now, however, there was no way in hell the soldier would come to the genius willingly. So, it stands to reason that it was Tony that needed to be the one to step forward and begin the process of hashing things out.
“Maria has confirmed that the evac was successful. However, just in case keep a lookout for stragglers. I’ve alerted the officials that we have this covered. They are not entirely convinced let’s prove them wrong. You have two hours, if they don’t see significant improvement, they’re coming in with the big guns.” With that the line went silent.
Professor Xavier had managed to snuff out that flame to some extent, however, there were some that remained wholly unconvinced.  And to add icing to this immensely, infuriatingly, ludicrous cake, Tony had been stubbornly avoiding him.
Upon further analysis, the microchips acted as neurotransmitters sending the soldiers neurological commands to the cybernetic arm creating a complex system of precise dexterity.
Pepper remained unfazed. “It’s not my life that’s difficult. It’s the people who aren’t waking up and the others who have to watch helplessly, Tony! This isn’t about you or me. It’s the whole world that needs you to get a grip!” She let go of him and he flopped back down to the floor painfully.
“I swear to god if you tell anybody about this, at all, I’m gonna sick Dumm-E on you.”  Tony stated completely and utterly serious.
Married to Peggy with a little golden haired little princess… Oh, yes there’s the sour taste in the back of his throat.
“So in regards to your funeral, I think we should decide now about the burial flowers.  Do you like roses?”  Tony asked with a smirk.
His own heart cried for her. It wasn't fair that she had to do this incredible thing with only the nurses and doctors to support her and not her family.
Barnes sighed. "Two reasons. He was an amicable to you. If he really hated you, even on a subconscious level, you would have been met with much more hostility. I know how he is when he really dislikes someone. It's painfully obvious, he can't hide his disdain well."
He was thinking about ending the meeting right there on a positive note while everybody was in a slightly better mood and they had a plan of action under way. Let’s face it the sooner the meeting ended the sooner he could go find some peace and quiet meaning some shut eye.  But Natasha, one of the only other agents beside Steve and Tony to actually get a bit of sleep, had thought of a wicked realization.  With a head more clear than most she had quickly thought of something a horrible and shocking, something that seemed to escape the others.
But then I decided that my story was more realistic and relevant to my readers (to a certain extent). As long as at least one of you takes something away from the lessons learned in this story, then I am happy.
“Mr. Stark if you’ll hand the reins over to Natasha and Clint on this matter that would be swell.  I would rather have you focusing on helping the victims as they are now.”  Fury commanded knowing full well that
“I do not know how you do it Captain,” Thor started still kneeling on the ground trying to catch his bearings. “To address her face to face like that, all I see when I look upon her face is my very death.” The prince said with a shaky breath. “Every time.”
To Tony’s credit he did not utter a sound, however, that did not make up for the fact he jumped ten feet out of his skin and spilt some of his coffee.
They all turned to the ninth occupant of the room hastily and realized with absolute horror that it was “Calamity”. Everyone nearly reacted all at once but the Captain stopped them.
He took one last deep breath before he dove.  The first contact with the gargantuan zapper was a thousand times worse than he imagined.  Before he let the darkness take him he held on to the mantra, “destroy the core!”
He quickly began the arduous task of connecting what was left of his suit to his arc reactor. He kept forcing his attention back to the task at hand but every time he put a wire into place, his attention was diverted. He was constantly hyper aware of the battle around him. His team fighting off the hoard of doom bots and getting zapped by the zappers. The mother was also vying for his time. Her wails of glee reverberated now that she has mostly materialized.
The genius moaned miserably, “Yeah, I got to work on that. With it combined with the rendered data I’ll be able to lock on to Calamity’s energy signature and negate its influence. I’ll be able to see exactly what’s going on in the victims’ minds and eventually sever her connection to them and release them from their comas safely. If I tried to sever the connection without knowing what’s going on inside their heads, I could feasibly cause needless trauma.”
Barnes continued, "When I left, it was my understanding that you were going to talk to him again. I get back and it looks like you've got a good thousand of these done, so what happened?"
Tony found the internal bone anchor mechanisms and neuro-clasps were far more intricate than he had originally assumed and that was with giving Hydra immense credit for their foul ingenuity in addition to everything he learned within the journal. Thus, the days he spent analyzing every little component of every piece of mechanism removed from the soldier’s body, including the neuro-microchips. Unfortunately, that meant giving the soldier the time to heal and heal rapidly at that.
Steve watched in total dismay as his shield sailed a good fifty yards away from them. The soldier used that distraction to cut up Steve’s right arm. The Captain cried out in pain, there was a flash of hesitation from the soldier and Steve took that opportunity to kick the knife out of the soldier’s grip. His reward was a well-placed punch in the face from the deadly assassin’s metal arm.
“Indeed, I would say Agent Coulson is right.  We need to keep our minds calm and our thoughts clear.  We need to balance ourselves with serenity.”  Professor Xavier soothed putting an emphasis on serenity as he projected such feelings telepathically.
Steve still disagreed, "I understand what you are trying to achieve, and it is a remarkable ideal. But you can't just expect me to be okay with sacrificing billions of innocent people to achieve this. It's not right. There has to be a better way."
“Oh, thank you, Howard is such a sensational man, I can hardly believe it myself.” She laughed. “Oh, please call me Maria.”
“I’ll initiate that protocol then.”  Tony replied quickly. I’ll let you know what’s happening after.
Johnny nodded dejectedly.  He knew there was nothing he could say or do to stop him.  One, he was physically incapable and two, he couldn’t really argue with that.  Especially knowing if he was capable he would tag along, for Sue.
Steve, still full of doubts and insecurities plus many thoughts that he still needed to mull over, just nodded in response after a moment of looking at Tony with such a soft smile on his face. He gave him a curt nod and decidedly started a brisk walk down the corridor.  Leaving Tony to enter the lab and continuing to work with Bruce on their simulations.
The Professor was also there giving them input when needed, just in case if anything needed clarification.  Some modicum of peace was achieved during that time.  When Steve felt comfortable that nobody was going to kill each other, he started to sketch in his sketch pad.  Before he even realized it he had started sketching that farmhouse of old once more.  He began by working out the wispy clouds of the sunny day, getting the hard lines of the old house just right, and shading in the big oak tree to bring out the roughness of the bark.  He made sure that a few roses on the rosebushes were just about ready to bloom.  It was coming out even better than before.  He smiled solemnly at it, for it was a long forgotten dream.
“What about the children?”  Steve asked desperate to find out what happened to them.  Though finding that there were no fatalities had been an extreme relief.
“It’s just you deserve to know, you know?  Everyone wanted to keep it a secret from you an I was against it from the start, but Tony made very valid points and it wasn’t my place…”
“Listen, I’ve had JARVIS running a background check on all of the ‘victims’. He is searching for whatever could possibly link any of these people together. So far we have zilch.” The genius looked up expectantly at the Captain in anticipation of a calm reply.
He turned Mary Anne around and began going the right way. He forcefully shook himself out of his funk.
Then, she changed into another humanoid like creature, this time she had patterned goldenrod skin and horns that jutted out like antelope antlers.
Steve began to describe how Tony came in a short time later. He went to wretched details on the kiss they shared and how Steve had come to the conclusion that Tony was trying to manipulate him. Just as he predicted tears began to roll down his face without his permission.
They descended steadily and gracefully. As soon as Calamity landed smoothly on the shore she gently sat Steve down on the cool sand. He sat silently watching the warm colors bloom across the sky banishing the darkness away from yet another day. It was at this time that his mind began to wander. And because he was a hopeless and tragic fool his mind settled on Tony. He desperately wished that things had turned out differently.
“Well, before this night gets any weirder than it already has, I’m going to go find something… ‘Productive’ to do.” He emphasized with air quotes. He turned suddenly intending to leave then paused. “Oh, you should get some rest. We will pick up where we left off tomorrow, sometime afternoon.”
Deep in the heart of a frozen wasteland, inside of a long forgotten facility, a short rotund silhouette paced idly in the dusty halls.
This person before him, the way he stands, the way he moves, even the small snippets of his voice were all familiar to him. He had felt that before when they first fought and he got a glimpse of those haunting blue eyes and again just now. They were devastatingly familiar eyes. Eyes he could not forget in a million years…
Steve was momentarily bemused with the thought of the Thumbelina fairytale. Calamity looked like a small humanoid-like little crystal being with little wings, like a little fairy.
Steve shuttered in anticipation. Tony licked the shell of his ear and gave his lobe a little nip, making the Captain flinch in thrill, before pulling away and getting off of Steve completely.
Steve smiled at her antics. He watched them as if from a great distance. Ellie began regaling Avalon's achievements and conquests and Angie took it all in laughing merrily as she patted the top of those golden curls.
Was Steve not the one that came to the conclusion not days ago that nothing could, should happen between them?
“Yeah? Then I hear you crash a plane into the Arctic? Only to miraculously survive and end up seventy years out of time. That one was pretty stupid Steve.” Bucky pointed out sharply.
“I’d still want the chance to fight. Even if the world still ends. I wouldn’t want the end to come and think well maybe just maybe if I had done more… I’d rather think that if I did everything I could and the world still ends, I’d somehow be okay with that you know?”
Steve was sure that his fractured arm was broken now. He wasn’t sure how he was going to get out of this one. All he knew was that he had to get away from this thing and fast.
“If it’s really the end of the world, she didn’t wanna miss it.” Jane replied as Tony rolled his eyes.
He couldn’t help but to think how comical this must be for Tony and the others who must be watching. Only the Thing and Black Widow remain unscathed.
"Well, there might be a way." She said thoughtfully. "I can at the very least show him to you. You won't be able to communicate with him, mind you. Come this way." She fluttered over his shoulder and pointed the way to go. "There is a spring there. Look upon its glistening surface and you will see him as he is now."
“Ah ha! So, you finally decided to show up Captain! I have no idea what they were thinking, trying to use that creature to fool me!” He sneered.
He looked to Fury to see if he was going to interpose. The Director looked stricken and nodded to the Soldier to continue.
“What I mean is like almost hellish.  Like the fact that they had indeed truly survived was a miracle in that of itself.  I mean from what I’ve gathered from a lot of these cases Jimmy and Gloria’s past were like sunshine and rainbows.  And it only served to take so long to find these connections because many of these people did as much work as they possibly could, did everything in their power to make it like it never existed.  They went through several different channels some legit and some not so legit to erase their past.
Tony knew without a shadow of a doubt that things wouldn’t have become as bad as they had if Steve were there. Steve was their leader for a reason. The Captain was one of the best friends he’s ever had for a reason. But now, the genius stood in his workshop utterly alone, restless, manic and distraught, all because he had to go and fuck things up as per usual. All because he thoroughly underestimated Calamity and let her manipulate him into believing Steve had betrayed them.
Our soldier huffed in misery before taking a deep breath as best he could and sprinting to the elevator all the while evading rapid gunfire. The doors started closing before Bucky could even reach the elevator. His eyes widened when he realized there was a good chance he wasn’t going to make it. He forced his body to lunge the last several feet and managed to rapidly squeeze through the gap just before the doors closed completely, almost catching a few wisps of his hair. He collided hard with the wall of the elevator as it began to ascend. The impact had nearly knocked the air out of him. When he caught his breath enough he turned to Tony instantly.
The tension was mounting. They were still several blocks away from their destination. Suddenly an intense feeling of dread and something else he could not identify cascaded over Steve’s psyche. In that moment Steve knew with absolute certitude that they were not going to make it.
"You know, Cap, just lying there while we do all the fighting isn't fair one bit." Iron Man said standing over Captain America who had just taken a beating and an even worse landing.
Steve led them south east toward the coast once more. He found another abandoned factory and it was mercifully empty save for a family of alley cats prowling about. It was a small single floor one room structure. They checked all the entry points and found a nice corner that provided a blind spot for any surveillance probes and was in clear view of all possible points of entry. They were safe, for now.
He basked in the cheers and hallelujahs of his team. It was only a matter of time now. He squashed down and buried deep the sick feeling that tried to rise to the surface that came from knowing excatly what this news ment for Steve...
After finishing up their dinner they headed their separate ways back to work. If they lingered in the hall a little too long reluctant to part of each other’s company, well, no one said a word. That, however, did not stop a select few from giving annoying knowing glances at Steve as he parked himself back in front of the monitor. The Captain had resolutely decided to ignore them anyway.
When the levity died down they got serious again. The next part of the story was not going to be easy on any of them. It’ll be hard to hear and hard to say.
Bucky held back his groan in pain when the stress on his mutilated chest protested vehemently. He took several deep breaths before nodding to Tony to continue.
“Oh my, that was quick.” She said with a hint of amusement. “Well, my love, we must not dally any longer.”
“Oh, god,” Tony gasped at the feel of him, hot and hard in his hand, but skin still so silky soft. Steve moaned again and began to pump their hands in short tight strokes. There was too much fabric in the way to do much else, but it was more than enough. “Jesus Christ,” he whispered softly as Steve’s body went rigid next to him and his already closed eyes squeezed shut even tighter. With a little hitch in his breath, Steve moaned Tony’s name and dug his foot into the mattress, coming in hot, wet spurts over both their hands. Tony sucked even harder at the curve of Steve’s neck and closed his own eyes, taking his come covered hand and stroking his own dick, pumping along his throbbing cock till he came moments later in loud, messy streaks along Steve’s rucked up shirt.
“Hey, hey it’s OK. I’m here.” Tony smoothes his hands through Peter’s damp hair, shushing him softly. “Peter what happened, it’s OK. You’re OK.”
“I panicked,” Tony said as they pulled apart. His fingers rucked up Steve’s shirt and trailed along the bare skin of his abdomen.  “All this.” He stopped and kissed down Steve’s throat, pausing to lick at the hollow of his neck.  “All this,” he said again, voice still muffled along his shoulder, “Can be a little scary.”
There were plenty of parties tonight, and even a few Tony wouldn’t have minded going to. It wasn’t too late to change into something nice and head back out, but his heart wasn’t in it. He thought about the look on Steve’s face and the flicker of disappointment in his eyes when Tony had dodged his question.  With a sigh, he heaved himself off Peters bed. He grabbed what was left of Peter’s pizza and headed back to their room, where Steve was already settled in on the couch, nose buried in a briefing binder. He looked up when Tony entered, but didn’t say anything.
Tony nods, and explains what might happen, what it could feel like. “You don’t need to be scared, Peter.”
“You know what I’m talking about.” There was nothing light in Sam’s tone, just the deadpan seriousness that meant whoever was on the receiving end was in trouble.
“Hey,” He catches Steve’s hand before he can busy himself with more bedding. “Anything you want to talk about?” He hates this part of sex, but it’s the most important. In the throws of desire things can get out of hand, boundaries crossed. He needs Steve to be able to tell him if that’s the case.
“You should let me help with that,” Steve says, putting a hand on the inside of Tony’s thigh. Tony’s own erection is pushing uncomfortably against his zipper.
“It’s not clear what he remembers,” Tony says by way of apology. “Do you...you can stay here until he’s back to normal, if you want.”
The meeting progresses like most of them do, a mix of bureaucratic posturing and some actual drilling down into details, but it lasts far longer than necessary. By the tail end, Steve begins to shift in his seat, his jaw tightly set, the same look on his face as last night. Despite Ross’ earlier instance that he looks just fine, Tony knows that isn’t the case, and it makes him momentarily bold. Under the table, Tony rests his hand on Steve’s knee and leaves it there.
“I take it the Quantum Tunnel simulation finished running?” He takes the seat across Bruce, wishing he’d bothered to change out of his pajamas before having this conversation.
“How’d you sneak in here?” Tony asked. This was a formal, black-tie dinner. Tuxedos, sophisticated dresses, not one meant for interns.  Peter puffed up his chest a little and Tony had to bite back a smile. He looked adorable in his tux, though his bow-tie was a little askew.  “Natasha brought me as her plus one. Mr. Stark, this place is incredible. They have this like, giant chocolate fountain thing in the corner. It’s easily as tall as me.”
“Don’t lie to me. Even if a clearly fucked up Steve hadn’t come knocking on my door this morning, you’ve been all over him, all weekend. You pick food of his plate, you always sit next to him. You jump if someone tries to touch him. It’s like…”
“Wait,” Tony starts to protest, to tell them he has no idea how to take care of a kid, when Peter starts kicking his legs against his side.
He tugs a sheet over them, just enough to keep out the chill on their cooling skin, and murmurs soft nothings till Steve’s breathing evens out and he pulls away slightly. Tony’s glad for the light of the bedside lamp, it illuminates not just the pale blue of his eyes, but shows the wrinkles on Steve’s forehead, the deep crease between his brow. He traces his fingers over those small flaws, grateful for the cracks, and feels the terrible weight of the new responsibility in front of him. One orgasm won’t cure everything, but it’s a start.
They need to do tests and check his blood and make sure there’s no radiation poisoning and his abilities are still there and none of it can wait. Tony hangs back as Bruce takes him down to the medical wing, let’s May hold his hand all the way there. There are too many people around so Tony—relieved, grateful, but exhausted—heads up to his room.
“I know.” He keeps his eyes fixed on Peter, who’s making his way across the monkey bars. “Do you dream about Manila?”
Peter nods against his chest and Tony knows they have days and days to talk over what happened, what Peter remembers and what he doesn’t.
“You ok?” Tony asks. He takes his sticky hand and places it on the inside of Steve’s thigh, the only point of contact between the two of them.
He sleeps like shit, waves of arousal and anxiety mixing in his head all night, invading his dreams. Maybe he’d pushed too far, maybe he made Steve do something he didn’t want to do, maybe he put his hands where they had no business being. The thoughts drive him out of bed earlier than usual, and he’s joins their weekly staff meeting with Secretary Ross in a foul mood.
Steve digs his fingers into Tony’s side briefly, before pulling away. Tony cups the side of Steve’s face and swipes a thumb under his eye. “I don’t get off on seeing you in pain, Rogers. That’s not it.” He cards his fingers lightly through Steve’s hair, till his shoulders sag. “Let me,” he says again, and moves the pillow off of Steve’s lap.
“His memories,” Tony says, remembering Peter talking about his mother this morning. “His memories are coming back. In bits and spurts.”
From the window, Tony watches as Dr. Cho and Bruce rush onto the jet as the gangplank drops. On their orders, he is supposed to stay away--to give Steve some semblance of privacy--but the distance is more than he can take. He stands up from his desk and races across two floors and down three flights of stairs to the medical wing. He’s slightly out of breath when he arrives, just in time to see Bruce and Helen calmly wheel Steve into an exam room, the doors sliding shut behind them.
“I’m not sleeping with them,” Tony said quietly. “It’s just,” he waved his hands around a little. “Showmanship. It doesn’t mean anything.”
Again, this would be a good time for Tony to gracefully make his exit, leave Steve alone to suss out a very private problem, but the tense curve of Steve’s back and his strained voice just pull Tony in closer.
“In small doses, maybe. It’s main use is an anesthetic. It numbs people to pain but can also essentially wipe out their memory.” He leaves out the part about how it increases sexual arousal, for which Tony is unendingly grateful. “When I did his labs, Steve’s blood was drowning in it. They kept him mostly under sedation for 8 days. It could have killed him. Fried his brain totally or destroyed his ability to make any new memories at all.”
“You be good for Nat alright?” Tony zips up the little gray hoodie Steve bought for him. “One wrong move and she’ll kick you through a door.”
Tony nods, trying to exhale some his worry. It hasn’t been easy on any of them. For the next hour, the three of them, plus Natasha, sit outside his room, impatiently waiting till Bruce finally comes outside.
“Tony,” Bruce’s voice come through the system anyway. “You need to come down to the hanger. Right now.”
“An acceptable risk?” He whirls around, eyes flashing. From experience, Tony knows that look. It’s the look of a teenager who is about to say something they’re going to regret. “What do you care about acceptable risks? You put yourself in risky situations all the time. You don’t care about your own safety at all.”
“They had a model of a QuinJet, but thought I’d switch it up,” Steve says from the kitchen. There are groceries out and Tony has the sneaking suspicion he’s making dinner.
“Look, I just mean that it might be nice to have someone there to jump start the process a bit. Have a drink, make some small talk, and then leave you to it.”
“It relaxes me,” Steve said. Even though his back was turned, Tony could hear the smile in his voice. He arranged the logs again, poked at the flame that had just began to flicker.  When he was satisfied with it, he came and sat next to Tony on the sofa.
“You have to be more careful,” Peter says quietly, into his chest. “I know it’s part of being an Avenger, but you can’t do that us. To me or to Steve.”
“Thanks for playing with me,” he says, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck. Steve’s drawing features lopsided monkey bars, and a larger figure standing next to a smaller one. Steve doesn’t say anything, can’t say anything around the lump in his throat. He hugs Peter tightly and doesn’t bother hiding the tears in his eyes.
“Are we?” He looked at Steve, in a different pair of pajama pants and another soft, cotton t-shirt. This one, Tony realized with a pang, bore the logo of Peter’s high school, Midtown Science and Tech.
“He’ll spill that all over his shirt.” Steve finds a smaller tumbler, fills it halfway and hands it to Peter, who turns up his nose.
They wait well outside the radius of the tunnel, watching as Bruce and Hope start the countdown sequence. May grips his hand tightly, her face turned into his shoulder. Steve stands on his other side, stoic but steady. Tony can hardly bear to look. Instead of watching Bruce and Hope, he keeps his eyes fixed on Peter, what little he can see of him, and starts hoping. He doesn’t pray to any god, just whatever force there might be that could push Peter safely back out to them. He’s never felt this out of control, this overwhelmed, and for a regrettable second, wishes he had never decided to enter that apartment in Queens.
“Tony, it’s fine.” Steve’s voice is placid and calm, and it sets Tony teeth on edge even more. Everything from last night is still too fresh in his mind, and he’s not willing to watch Steve slit open a vein just to appease the bureaucratic process.
“We don’t really know,” Sam says. “He must have fought his way out from wherever he was being held. He was on the run, barefoot. We found him in his underwear, freezing in the dirt. There were puncture marks all over him.” Sam shakes his head at the memory. “Cuts along his thigh and chest. His wrists were rubbed raw. Like he’d been tied up.”
In his mind, Tony had always imagined that Steve slept ramrod straight -- on his back, hands folded across his chest -- as if he were still encased in ice.  He watched as Steve turned away from him, his body curling into itself. He looked so defenseless Tony felt a sudden, wild urge to stay up all night and stand guard.
“We never did this,” Tony says, spearing some broccoli with a fork. “Even as a kid. Dad was always somewhere else, Mom tried her best. I usually ate with a nanny or by myself.”
For good measure, Tony moved the slips of paper around a few more times before holding his breath and finally pulling one out. As he unfolded it, Sam peered over his shoulder and did a little fistpump of victory.
“Funny,” he mumbled as Sam laughed. As compensation for the slight, he grabbed a fork and began to pick at the fruit and eggs on Steve’s plate.
When they break for the day, Tony follows Steve none too discreetly into an alcove off the main hallway, where Steve leans his hands against the glass, taking a few deep breaths. Tony can begin to see the outline of a bulge forming in Steve’s pants.
“Is it? Anytime someone gets within 2 feet of him, you’re at his side. For four days you’ve run interference on anyone that tries to get near him. He’s had a Tony Stark shadow following him around all damn week. You know there’s even a meme about it? “If you want to find Tony Stark in a crowded room all you have to do is look for Steve Rogers.” It’s all over the internet.”
He wasn’t scared, or at least he didn’t think he was, but it felt like a massive leap to move his hands the final few inches and slip between her legs. Face heating up, he tried to pull away as Tony settled himself on the other side, bracketing Kara.
There are questions as to what Peter remembers, what he doesn’t. On the way up from the hanger, Tony had asked gentle but probing questions, that elicited little information. He knew who he was, knew Tony and Steve and the Avengers, but blanked at mentions of Spider-Man or his parents.
Steve shifts in his seat, tugging uncomfortably at his pants. It’s too dark in the room to see much, but he doesn’t need his eyes to sense Steve’s discomfort.
Steve takes his hand, and kisses the inside of his palm, pulling Tony closer with his leg. They’re both a mess, showers and a change of sheets in their future, but he lets it be for now, lets them unburden themselves with each other.
“Auxiliary power kicked in,” he mumbles but Steve ignores him, fingers fumbling for a way to stop the bleeding.
“ Mr. Stark, I can’t help it if you told me to come to this thing but then didn’t change the reservation.”
“I did see you. You did great, kiddo, but t looks like you had a little help.” Steve’s grinning in the distance, again with that look that Tony can’t quite place.
Instead of heading straight to bed that night, Tony had gone down to the communal kitchen, even though it was late, and found Steve standing there in his tux, bow-tie undone, gazing outside. Without a word, he gave Steve’s hand a gentle tug and led him back to his bedroom.
Steve’s hand circles his waist, brushing the bare skin where his t-shirt has ridden up. His fingers trail up, to the compression bandage keeping Tony’s ribs in place.
The mission —if it can even be called that—costs him a few bruised ribs, a gash across his cheek and a suit of armor. By Avengers standards, that’s as close to ‘fine’ as it gets.
They’re all gathered in the hanger, Bruce and Hope in radiation suits, May hovering in the corner, her eyes already watery. She takes Peter from his arms, hugs him tightly.
“Do you think he needs a stuffed animal? I used to have a bear I couldn’t sleep without,” he muses absently as Steve move around, pushing chairs in, placing empty glasses and dishes in the sink, until he can’t find anything else to tidy up. He leans against the sink, waiting for Tony to break the silence.
“Baby,” Tony says softly, and Steve practically sobs, frustrated and desperate. “Come for me,” he says and Steve leans up and smashes their mouths together, almost in pain.
He wears a path around his lab, shuffling from one task to another, unable to focus. His thoughts are scattered, every moment of full concentration interrupted not just by the memory of Steve’s tense shoulders and rigid, unmoving back, but by flashes from last night, the way Steve had come apart under his hands, moaned so softly at his touch. He had wanted to chase after Steve after the debrief, but Bruce had shaken his head, his arms crossed over his chest. “Give him some space, Tony. He’ll come to you when he’s ready.”
“It’s alright,” he whispers, his own voice coming out horse. He grips harder, almost to the point of pain. “Let me help.”
He tries to talk to Peter, but calls go unanswered, texts left on read. It’s some comfort that Peter’s still hanging around the compound, making the long trek from Queens pretty much daily, but worry licks at his insides none the less.  He’s not Peter’s father, not even an uncle, but the kid means more to him than the world. The distance between them sits like lead in his stomach.
“It’s not cute,” Tony mumbled. “It’s a professional courtesy. This way I don’t get stuck next to the ambassador from England and he doesn’t have to make small talk with the French attorney general. I’m just preventing social awkwardness.”
In public, Tony’s body had no problem behaving itself. His arms and legs and hands and feet kept themselves to themselves and let Steve exist in peace without an onslaught of casual, physical affection. There was no placing of hands on his knee or thigh or even a shoulder. When they sat next to each other during committee meetings, his elbow never grazed Steve’s, their fingers never “accidentally” touched.
Tony strokes the side of Steve’s face, tips his head down and kisses him. It’s brief, just a slow but firm press of lips, and Steve tastes of sleep and mint toothpaste. He pulls back an inch, resting his forehead against Steve’s. Steve’s hand curls through his hair and keeps him there.
He stopped to take a big gulp of air but Tony put a hand over his mouth before he could continue.  “Nope, that’s it, you’re done. Thank you, very much, for that bit of hard earned wisdom, but Steve and I are fine. Now, go. Go, find your table. The speeches are starting.”
What language fails to do, Tony tries to accomplish with his hands. Somewhere buried inside Steve are the memories of what he went through, the horror and fear and sadness imprinted not in his subconscious, but in his body. Like memory, encoded not into the recesses of his mind, but in the muscles of his lower back and shoulders, in his strong thighs and massive biceps, into the deep tissue that runs along his thick, yoke of a neck. He doesn't worry about being gentle, not right now, and wants only to remind Steve that he’s safe in his own body, safe in Tony’s tight grip. Tony tries to work those memories lose, release whatever fear remains inside him, that’s kept him so afraid of touching himself.
From the corner of his eye, he sees Natasha wince at the sharpness in his voice. Tony’s eyes spark with anger but Steve just stalks away, his heart suddenly beating too fast.
“This OK?” Tony asked as he unbuttoned Steve’s shirt, slipping his fingers briefly across Steve’s bare chest and stomach, giving him time to adjust to both of them touching him at once. They were taking it slow, as if any sudden change in speed or movement would have spooked him.
“I brought a peace offering, OK?” He gave the pizza box a little shake. It was past 9 and neither of them had eaten. Reluctantly, Steve put down the binder and made space for Tony to sit.
Bruce scratches at his three-day beard, reluctant to even get into it. “The quantum tunnel might be why Peter de-aged. What’s happening here...it’s like...Peter got pushed backward through time.”
Tony takes off his jacket and rolls up his sleeves, standing between Steve’s legs. They’ll have to be more careful in here so as not to stain the carpet, or make too much noise. He reaches down, cups Steve through the light wool of his trousers, exerting just the smallest amount of pressure until Steve drops his head back with a soft sigh.
“Feel good?” Tony asks, and gets an affirmative grunt in response. He keeps his hands busy, digging into the slabs of muscle along Steve’s back and shoulders, kneading and pressing into smooth, unmarked flesh, but his mind keeps flashing back to the photos in the report. The ones of overturned medical tables and barbed wire and tough, metal restraints. He doesn’t know details, just that Steve’s body--the beautiful, trembling one under his hands right now--had been torn, cut and lashed at; treated with such inhumanity that makes Tony’s throat close up in rage.
In the end, he only beat the team back to the compound by a few hours. He was jet lagged and dazed, staring vacantly into the fridge when Natasha called his name. She leaned against the kitchen counter and fixed him with a stare.
The questions are as brutal and invasive as Tony expected, and Bruce has to grab his elbow more than once to stop him from jumping across the room.
“You really love making fires don’t you.”  Tony took a deep breath, and yawned and stretched, trying to wake himself up more fully.
In his head, Tony’s already retreating back into his work, mentally running over the notes Hope and Bruce have sent him. He hugs May goodbye and turns back to his desk, so focused on trying to solve the problem at hand he’s almost startled to see Peter staring up at him.
“A couple times a day,” Steve says, his eyes still not meeting Tony’s. “I’ve been ignoring it but now…” he shakes his head, his jaw clenching. “I just need to get rid of it.”
“Come for me,” he says instead, moving his hand faster. It’s somewhere between a command and a request, and he feels Steve go rigid under him, his dick jerking, as he spills hot, white reams all over Tony’s hand. “That’s it,” Tony whispers. “That’s it, come on, Steve, that’s so good.”
“You gotta talk to me, Pete,” Tony pleads. “That Leviathan almost flattened you. You were inches away from getting crushed. That’s not an acceptable risk.”
Tony’s dreams were fragments of heat and desire, images and flashes of all the things coiled inside him that he hadn’t dared to think about in the light of day. When he woke up, he was hard and aching, his erection resting heavy against his thigh. He groaned and tried to untangle himself from Steve’s grasp but Steve, still half asleep, pushed back against him, rubbing his backside against the hard length of Tony’s dick.
“Lie down,” he says and tugs Steve’s briefs off. Steve rolls onto his stomach like the last time, hands wrapped around a pillow. He waits patiently as Tony strips down to his shorts again, and pulls a bottle of clear liquid from the nightstand.
“I know,” he says, voice muffled against the side of Tony’s chest. He digs his fingers into the fabric of Tony’s shirt, trembling just a little. Tony curls his fingers through Peter’s hair, holding him back just as tightly.
“You cold?” Steve shakes his head but slides under the covers, laying flat on his back. Tony dims the lights even lower, so he can only see the outlines of Steve face. Before they get started, he moves his hand up Steve’s torso, laying a flat palm on his chest, feeling the comforting beat of his heart.
“Thought I’d check in, see how you’re doing,” Steve says, taking a seat at the island. He takes the last forkful of eggs from Tony’s plate, nodding his approval. He’s already dressed for the day, dark jeans matched with a gray t-shirt and thin hoodie, and even with everything going on, Tony manages to appreciate the cling of fabric around his biceps, the way his shirt has rucked up to reveal a hint of flat stomach.
It’s a wet, messy kiss, Tony chasing Steve’s mouth as he keeps thrusting. He keeps a hand on Steve’s neck, pushing his own sweaty temple to Steve’s forehead.
“You know, you pretend to be all tough and moral but when a pretty woman comes along, asking for help with a military coup…”
“I have seniority here. If that counts for anything. Considering I’m the one funding this entire operation, I’m entitled to a little privacy.”  It was a desperate move, but Tony had no qualms about pulling the money card.
“Same deal as last time, ok? Tell me to stop and I will.” He makes out a slight nod, but asks Steve to say it out loud.
His poker face was pretty good these days. He made flexing the hard line of his jaw a habit, so much so that Tony had once jokingly called him Captain Clench. Tony had given him an apologetic smile and rubbed his thumb along Steve’s jaw bone, even though they were in full view of the team.
She was good, Tony could already tell. He’d been to plenty of these places and learned to read the women as much as they’d learned to read him. She was delicate, biding her time, but unafraid. She wouldn’t push too hard, but just hard enough.
“This is ridiculous,” Steve mutters, dropping down into Tony’s office chair, resting his head in his hands. He sits with his legs spread apart, his erection straining his trousers.
He stares up at the bright blue and green canopy above him, his focus going in and out. He barely picks up the rustle of leaves before someone comes crashing through the trees.  Out of habit, Tony raises his hand to fire with his blaster, before realizing all his weapons are offline.
It wasn’t the Army that changed him, Steve knows, though for a long time he thought it was. The mask became harder and harder to shake off, not because it was comfortable or right but because Steve had no one left to take it off for.  His mother had died, and then Bucky, and for so long Steve had no one.
He thought for a moment. His first instinct was to turn her away but after everything that has happened he didn’t have a heart to deny her anything.
Okay, he definitely sees why he feels caged but Tony absolutely does not understand Steve’s animosity to the genius. They were fine not an hour before, weren’t they? Of course Tony had assumed Steve may had been faking at that point anyway. He was likely faking the whole time, Tony thought.
Shortly enough Steve was opening the door to Tony’s work shop. As soon as he did, a blasting wave of AC\DC music impacted his eardrums with an intense force. Too anxious to care Steve pressed on.
The soldier was having none of it and tried punching the Captain with his left hand. He forced his face away and twisted his arm back until he heard a snap, successfully breaking it and making him drop the knife. The soldier wailed in pain and Steve use that opportunity to take the man to the ground. They both hit the pavement hard.
“I agree with Bruce it is too early to assume anything at this point, but I imagine that is not all there is to tell is there Mr. Stark?”  Fury acknowledged.
“Yeah OK. That is enough for the touchy feely walk down memory lane stuff for one day or year.  Whatever, I’m going to check on my program.”  Tony walked off to go check on the various programs running.
“Mr. Stark, Dr. Banner I assume that despite the absence of Professor Xavier and Dr. McCoy you two will be able to continue your work.”  Fury eyed them intently with his one eye.
Tony watched the final exchange from the elevator. He had activated the alarm just after regaining access to the system to hopefully give Barnes an opening. They needed to get going ASAP. Jarvis was right, however, the Rafts hacker was incredibly talented and Tony knew he couldn’t remain in the system for long.
Tony attempted to give him a sympathetic understanding smile, but felt like it came out more like a grimace.
Bucky grunted in response. “I’m always in pain. Pain is certain and the lack of it was disturbing. I’ll be dead when there is no more pain.”
“For once I agree with you.”  Tony sighed.  “I’m still nowhere near decrypting the information Calamity gave us.  Our tracking efforts are useless until I do, so we might as well keep a lookout for this guy.”  Tony said taking out his phone to make the adjustments.
Consequently, the hard part of this fiasco by far was the blackhole. Most of his team had been deployed to New York City. From what they had gathered so far, the hole was small and mercifully stable.
“I didn’t say I was. I was just making it perfectly clear that you were stupid.” He replied with a cocky grin.
A few hours later, Steve, after attempting to mow the first eight feet of the yard with the dull push mower, had located the whetstone he had procured yesterday and began sharpening the blades. Super strength or not he was not going to do that entire yard with a dull mower, no way in hell. He had situated himself under the shade of the big Maple as he created a steady rhythm of running the stone over the blades.
Steve had absolutely no answers for her. A nurse would come by every so often to let him know that she was stable but nowhere near out of the woods. Apparently, it was this way for Ellie's birth as well. Or so Angie told him. Peggy's normal human body struggled to bear their enhanced child. It really frightened him. He wished he could remember how everything went the first time so that he would know what to expect this time.
Maria nodded and everyone else perked up and started to pay even closer attention. Something was up. Natasha reset the video on the computer and pressed play.
After the accident yesterday it came to the attention of the Avengers via Shield that it was in fact the assassination of Senator Wolfram.
"Don't be!" The man snapped suddenly. "It was my fault. We had a falling out and if I didn't act so rash then I don't know, things might have turned out different." He explained despondently.
"Indeed, it may seem that way. However, would it truly be so bad to leave them be? You have seen the worlds I have created for them? They are happy and at peace. How is that not better than to be ripped away from that peace and forced back into this hellish existence?"
“Though something most certainly happened, it’s written all over your face.” She said gesturing to his flushed guilty face.
A gentle knock sounded at the door and Peggy's soft voice filtered through. "Steve, darling, are you all right?" She asked gently, her tone laced with concern.
Steve sighed, "No, I'm sorry. I really don't," he admitted. "I feel awful because I know somewhere deep down we were close."
Tony huffed dramatically and turned away from Bucky. He grumbled to himself as he monitored the system access. Anytime now they could get booted from the system again.
Tony took a sharp breath and Steve began to use his thumb to caress soothing circles over the genius’s tight grip.  Before the Captain could ask his next question Tony beat him to it.
“Fine! You’re right, dick.” Before Tony got up he leaned in and claimed another kiss. “I’m glad you’re okay.” He whispered standing up. He thought for a moment. “Do you promise to be good and stay in bed so I don’t have to restrain you?” Tony asked exasperated.
“Come on, come on!” He urged in a whisper, watching as the progress bar loaded at an agonizing pace.
When they entered Fury’s quarters Clint, Natasha and Maria were already there.  Steve barely noticed their presence on the account that Fury looked like he’d went a few rounds with Bruce on a bad day.  Before anybody could ask,
It took everything he had not to drop the L-Bomb. He berated himself because that was kind of supposed to be the goal of the evening. But he didn’t want to unload all of that on Steve. Not just yet. Steve still has recovering to do and they still had some time. Not much, he knew, but some.
"Oh. That time." He thought remorsefully. "I just wish I could see my friends and Tony one last time. I wanted to let him know that I never stopped loving him and to at the very least say goodbye."
Sam and Rhodey were holding their own in hand-to-hand combat with the last goon. Tony’s attention was yanked away as the Rhododendron forced the suit pursue Hawkeye. It was only a matter of time now.
“It’s a piece of paper. But I’m guessing you are referring to what’s on the paper.” The prisoner smirked.
“Then forget about Steve and crack that code!” Barton shouted back. He turned abruptly and began to stomp to the door with purpose. Before he exited he left Tony with a warning. “Don’t… don’t make me come back here. I’m warning you Tony. We all have people on the line here.” And with that he was gone.
“Steve, I’m pretty sure we’re just as fucked as you are. You should really just spend the time you got left doing something fun. Go relax on the beach or something.” Bucky drawled out.
A/N: Hi! Here we are with the dreaded chapter 24. Fun fact chapters 23, 24, and 25 were once one massive chapter that needed a major break up. Please keep some tissues on hand, I have a feeling you may need them… Don’t forget to leave a review at the end please. Without any further ado, on with the show!
“Shut up freeloader!” Tony blustered, pointing a finger at the soldier. “It’s part of my process. Don’t mack on the creative flow!” Tony stated proudly.
Tony had never been so happy to hear his AI in all his life. He was now fully in control of his suit again. When the scarlet aura lifted Tony quickly canceled the self-destruct sequence.
He shook his head and walked back to his desk. In that time, the soldier downed the last of his mug and made himself another before following Tony. The genius plopped down unceremoniously on to his chair and groaned audibly. Perhaps, he should not have sat down with such abandon, his sore body had protested vehemently. The soldier stood somewhat awkwardly by the desk.
And because of that Steve ended up broken, believing he existed in a world where Tony didn’t want him, in a world where the Captain could have very well believed Tony even hated him. There were so many things he could have done differently.
Steve was shook but focused his attention on to Ellie. "It's beautiful, Babydoll." Steve said taking the net from her.
Unfortunately, our dear Super Soldier did not understand how the Professor was so absolutely sure that the suspect was not a mutant or what this ‘Cerebro’ thing was but seeing as how everyone else seem to know he kept his questions and concerns to himself.
This is the biggest case yet. Not only does this "Calamity" have the capacity to affect their own little planet in its entirety but also has the capacity to attack any of the life bearing planets in the entire universe. All of them.
“I need you to do everything in your power to figure out that code. Okay?” Tony wanted to protest the Steve continued. “Please, for me. I’m a gonner regardless. Tony, you have the capacity to save everyone. I know you can do it, okay. There’s still a chance.”
Each one vastly unique from the rest. Each one radiating colors he never even dreamed of. Even more shocking was the overall vibe he got from them. Somehow, it was entirely peaceful and content. Not a lick of anger or resentment.
Tony stood off to the side as the lights dimmed. The specially located devices Steve learned were holographic projectors as they began to project a display. He couldn’t quite tell what it was at first but the image started to become clearer. He could see Tony off to the side making adjustments on his handheld device. Soon enough the holographic display began to depict a lovely golden haired woman playing a piano. Steve realized with awe that he could hear the woman play and recognized the tune as Beethoven’s Fur Elise.
"It's nothing Ellie, come on, let's just try to eat whatever we can of this beautiful dinner here." He smiled lifting the plates in his hand.
“You are only seeing what I am allowing you to see. It is true that a piece of the data you have is accurate enough to perceive me, only because I allow it.” She stressed making eye contact with Tony.
“Oh my God, you two really are five years old.” Nat said striding into the room with Barton and Wanda hot on her heels.
Steve sucked in a deep breath as his vision darkened and he felt painfully lightheaded. He quickly caught himself before he could collapse to the floor. He tried to rapidly blink away the woozy feeling. He looked down at Ellie, her wide brown eyes were staring up at him in concern and fear.
“What the fuck are you saying? You want me to lead you?? You are insane! How can you even fathom I could be a leader?” He demanded. “Idiot! Someone from your team should lead! Not… Me.” He added stricken.
Just as he made his way onto the fourth floor landing panting heavily, Johnny alerted him that the army had began to set up a perimeter.
Tony lied on the ground trembling. His frail human body now acutely aware that the mother was a true predator, a force of nature that could put any the earth could produce to shame.
“Indeed, Sir. The alarm went through but I managed to relocate the source to sub level 9, Sir. However, I won’t be able to continue much longer. They have a talented hacker that has realized my presence. It won’t be long before I am completely booted from the system.”
“I don’t get what’s so funny.” Clint said as he eyed the people in the room. He was starting to feel a bit scandalized by apparently being left out of something funny.
“I don’t deserve this!” He shouted again. “He was my friend! And I killed him! He was my friend, please!” He pleaded again. “He was my friend and he was your father!”
Wanda hugged herself and looked away. Tony pressed his lips together into a thin line. The soldier did not need to finish what he was going to say. The genius knew exactly what Barnes was thinking. Ironically, Tony was once sure of the same.
Steve took in the subtle curve of the man's sculpted button nose, the way his lips frowned in concentration and the angle of his stylized beard. Though the man wore sunglasses that were oddly shaded blue, Steve knew with absolute certainty that he had wide brown eyes, knew with utter assurety that this was the mysterious man that had plagued his dreams for days.
Steve shifted instinctively to place himself in between Natasha and Calamity. But Calamity remained where she was.
Just as the words left his mouth an alarm started to go off. He quickly leapt up and pulled Pepper off of her seat and barely managed to get them both behind a blast shield before the device he was working on exploded.
A full cybernetic prosthetic arm had similarities in design to his Iron Man armor. It really wouldn’t be too hard to use the attributes and physics he learned creating his own armor to create a full arm. Barnes had expressed that full mobility, precision in dexterity, and durability took absolute precedence over any special bells and whistles and weaponization Tony so badly wanted to install. They can come up with something super fancy later.
Instead of parting ways after the departure of the kids Steve and Johnny had ended up in the kitchen.  After a lengthy discussion on the best picnic foods, they both had agreed that it had been ages since either of them had a legit and homemade from scratch apple pie.  And after Steve admitted that he knew how to bake, Johnny laid on the charm.
"Because..." He began, the cracks now started to show up over the little girl. He was alarmed to see one streak across her beautiful tear stained face.
“Well, it may be nothing or … everything.” Clint replied. He activated the monitor in the room it showed security video footage. Before he could continue there was an alert that stated Bruce banner was to enter the room.
He paused for a moment and listened into his earpiece, “Apparently Professor Xavier and the other X-men are heading our way, hopefully with them we can hash out more of a contingency plan.”
Mystifyingly he did it without blowing something up. It was a surprise to everyone, and perhaps a disappointment to others. Although Eric Selvig and the Asgardians did help him significantly. Still there is no denying that Tony’s genius is responsible for the miraculous capability to communicate through galactic matter and light years of distance.
“Boss!  Boss!  I found a translator!”  The slender figure said dragging a frightened man behind him.
He made his way slowly to the coffee pot and poured a generous amount into his mug, being careful not to spill any. His body was so sore it was difficult to stay steady. So many sleepless nights and very little food did him no favors. Natasha folding him into another unique pretzel two hours ago did absolutely nothing to aid him either. Clint’s obnoxious laughter still rattled around in his head. Nat had cornered him earlier and was very displeased that Tony had harassed Barnes last night. The only reason she wasn’t snapping bones was because she actually agreed with Tony’s plan. It’s a dangerous day when Natasha Romanov agrees with one Tony Stark. Tony had to question how dangerous and deadly his plan was if Nat agreed seemingly so easily.
"Please, Daddy. I don't like it here, please, let's go back." She pleaded as tears ran down her face.
Bucky rubbed his face harshly then ran his hand through his hair before gripping it tight. He whimpered audibly before sliding down the wall and huddled in on himself once more. He began rocking in an attempt to calm himself.
“It pleases me profoundly that you have requested my assistance. To be perfectly honest, it surprised me. That truly does not happen often.” She admitted staring at the moon.
He busted out of a window to hit the fire escape that leads to the roof.  Once he was up there he could see flashes of light in the next factory over.  Pulses of electricity no doubt.  He could feel it from there.
Tony felt chills run up and down his spine, his very blood felt tingly as if it were simultaneously on fire and frozen solid. His skin broke out in goosebumps and the hair on his arms and neck stood on end. After each sequence Barnes completed, a strange wave of energy pulsated through Tony’s body.
She held out her hand again and this time he took it. The moment their fingers touched the scene changed and they were standing together in what appeared to be a grassy field with a number of trees scattered about.
He seemed to be doing much better today. Tony idly wondered if Wanda had done something for him. Tony shook himself out of his thoughts and turned to the coffee station. He picked up a mug and handed it to the soldier.
“Which is why we are not going to completely take the pain away this time. We’ll leave just enough so you know you’re still alive.” The genius assured.
“Indeed.  How do you like my encryption?  It’s a bit complicated.”  She grinned triumphantly when Tony looked away distressed.  Steve frowned at Tony’s reaction.
Bucky’s eyes widened comically. Tony wasn’t just handing him an olive branch he was trying to throw him the entire fucking tree, roots and all.
"As are the others, but not for long." She stated. "When the time is right, I will harvest every human soul on this tiny miserable planet." She stated with absolution.
He felt himself being pulled close to cold armor. He glanced to the side using every last ounce of his strength to locate Bucky. He was lying on the street unconscious a few yards away.
"Imagine if you will a universe where every single living creature, every soul, understood one another. A universe where senseless murders and fruitless wars did not exist. A universe where the inhabitants shared resources instead of fought over them."
She seemed to be in taking a massive amount of air as if she could just taste each of them. Some of the fuzz buzz even seemed to get swallowed up. Just when Tony thought she was done sucking he heard a series of clicks emanating from the back of her throat. Before he could even consider what that could mean the caustic fluid ignited.
"Fascinating is it not? Each beat of his heart represents a specific number in the count down to the doom of your race. How awful for you to know you were the catalyst that spurred it on." Calamity spoke up suddenly.
“I tell you what Cap. When we finish this case, all in one piece of course, we are all going on vacation. Everyone will have their choice on where they wanna go; all on me.”  Tony stated with absolution staring up at the sky.
After he finished his message for his team he looked out the window again. The sun was now sitting completely on top of the water making the glassy surface shimmer wondrously. Steve looked back over to his new little makeshift team to find them doing a parameter check. Good.
It had been about three hours since 74 and 75 were discovered. Bruce and Dr. Hank had confirmed that the victims’ conditions were in fact exactly the same as the others. In a coma, yet fully awake, yet completely unresponsive to external stimuli. However they had found no new information. Other than that the incredible team of super heroes had pretty much come up with zilch and were losing moral pretty quick, that is until about ten minutes ago.
I created these tests to instill the lessons I needed to impart. I gave each world a chance to prove themselves to me and all have failed... Except one."
“Ellie, Sweetie you are way ahead of where I was when I was your age. It took me until my mid-20s to get is good as I am.” He thought for a moment. “How old are you.”
During a lull in the conversation Steve took the time to study the lovely almost delicate woman in front of him. She was young, very young. Perhaps eighteen. Her pale skin was flawless and her hair was a pale blonde. Her cheekbones were sharp like her eyes but the pale green hue softened her features. Yet, there was something remarkably familiar about her. He was sure they had never met before. It feels like he could have met perhaps an older relative at some point. Who knows? With his Swiss cheese brain anything is possible.
“That is so sweet! Look at you all hopelessly trying to protect your Captain.” She laughed merrily. “What do you think of my surprise Steven? I chose you as my Keystone! Isn’t that wonderful!?” She exclaimed brightly as she began to float gracefully to them.
“I’ll show you how murdery this persona is if you don’t shut the fuck up.” He threatened through gritted teeth.
“I’m sorry, Tony.” She sighed heavily. “I will try my hardest to get as much time as possible on my end. Just don’t give up, okay?” She said grabbing his hands and making him look her in the eye. “Please, just keep going.”
What did he do?! He has no idea where it all went wrong! Panic began to bubble beneath the surface of his consciousness. He was desperately trying to squash down the notion that everything that had happened so far was definitely his fault somehow.
That gave Tony pause. His response of 'because it's the right thing to do' was completely caught in his throat. It was something that kept gnawing at him constantly after learning exactly what was going on inside the minds of the people she cast her spell upon.
"Yes, it's a bit much translated into your language. I guess a looser translation would be 'Pitch Black Hair Girl' or more simply, 'Pitch Black.'"
"I don't really know, Babydoll. Your mother ordered it." He answered. "It looks like Francesca's is on the second floor." He said absently, scanning the directory.
Tony whipped around to see what the doom bots were doing now only to be washed over with another wave of utter relief.
On another note, as he had already concluded, Barnes's presence was invaluable. He had already rallied the team, consoled Black Widow, and implemented a new strategy for dealing with those nasty creatures. Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver have also proven immeasurably useful, their strange unique abilities were immensely effective against these things and when they worked together they were nearly unstoppable. The whole team had a good rhythm going, the flyers were bottlenecking the black hole, keeping the spray of eggs within the containment field while the destroyers decimated the foul creatures numbers.
“You and I both know they would not have let you done that. I was a lost cause and you had a mission.”
Peggy sat him at the dining room table with the chair facing out as she dropped a cool damp cloth over his neck.
“Ah, quit, the stitches are fine.” Steve nearly squealed, pushing Tony’s hands away. “Yes,” he said continuing. “You are right about ‘some’ things.”
He felt trepidation gnaw at his psyche. Just on the edge of his consciousness were the things he desperately tried not to think about. His demons were clawing and scratching at their prison doors deep within his mind. Now that he had no major projects to consume his attention, they were ready to spring free.
Fuck! This was getting hot. Almost too hot. God, this was fucking amazing! Just when Tony was about to go down on his knees and put his mouth to better use, Steve pulled away.
“Okayyy, so something almost happened?” Natasha’s teasing smile turned into a feral grin when she saw Steve redden and fidget.
“What the Fuck does it look like, Shithead!?” Tony winced at his tone. “It’s a love letter from Steve, Dumbass! One that your sickass Son of a Bitch doesn’t deserve!!” He roared.
“I really don’t know how to take that but I’m glad you initially had faith in me.” Tony responded dryly.
Another explosion sounded.  The blasts were enough to distract Steve long enough to be knocked out from behind.  He cursed himself as darkness over to him.
Steve gently lifted the layers of clothing off of his stomach. He winced as the fabric peeled off of his skin painfully. He bled through yesterday and it had plastered his undershirt to his abdomen.
“You need to trust us, Steve. We’re out there looking for him. We will bring him in.” And he meant it.
him.” He spoke directing his response to Steve. “With Cerebro I could sense all mutants with the capacity to manipulate another physical being resulting with the effect corresponding with the victims.  There are five total in the entire world with the capacity to do something even remotely like this.” He said gesturing to the various reports scattered around the table.
Steve smiled, it came out more like a grimace but the feeling was there. He turned his head slowly to see Sam sitting in the seat next to him.
“Not completely,” she sighed. “Like I said before you cannot hope to begin to comprehend the things I have set in motion. However you must understand this: if I wanted you out of the way you would be dead. If I wanted you to utterly fail, I would not have shown myself to you nor would I have left such blatant clues behind these past millennia.” She stated ruefully.
Fury wanted so deeply to tell Xavier to ‘Fuck Off’ instead he regained his composer and remembered his position. The Director nodded reluctantly and shouted out the last of his orders to the flustered and frantic agents. They scurried away to carry out their commands. The Director sighed and found that he had the overwhelming urge to shoot something.
He smirked, “Well it kind of is.”  He glanced to his left as Johnny came to stand next to him.  “Couldn’t sleep?”  He asked.
Steve only watched her trying not to lose his nerve.  It didn’t help that he could feel that Tony was incredibly close to losing it.
He backed himself up against the façade of the building and held out the pipe to shield himself. The second doom bot charged, and he fainted to the left then stabbed the pipe up under the headpiece and tore the head clean off. The third doom bot took that opportunity to strike out at Tony's extended arm breaking it.
Suddenly, Steve barreled past him. The genius’s heart plummeted in fear and horror. Before he could even tell him to stop, Steve turned to Tony just enough to show him a cocky grin.
Now this gave Steve paused and shook him to his core. There is someone out there in the universe giving her permission to take innocent lives? Who gives them the right?! Is Calamity-Anük merely the pawn in someone else's game? Is it some entity calling itself Yggdrasil?
