The new armor was silent as it sliced through the night air, its jet-black lost in the dark alleys. It was a deadly thing of beauty; years ago, Tony would have salivated over such work and would have been sure to show off even during battle. He had not spared the suite a glance since stepping into it, it was functional that’s what mattered. It was his warhorse, and this was a war.
“Looks like it's just me for now Hap.” She greeted the beta with a playful wink. Happy always got so red in the face when she flirted – it was adorable really.
"Don't have to do this. You know?" Tony said looking at the floor while Bucky undressed him. "M'not even ...that dirty, can't even. Go to ... to the workshop. Can wait till ..Steve comes home." Tony grimaced a little, his speech was better these days but it was still a long way from his usual rapid-fire linguistics.
The room was silent for a few beats before Tony enlarged one of the screens pondering over a set of numbers, “Bruce,  you said  what Steve had the first time its not uncommon, and given what we know about the serum if Steviekins has a heat it might be a literal hot mess.”
Everything that Loki has been hiding finally hits him and he feels like a failure as an alpha. 'Christ almighty...' he thinks, watching the ravenette trembling in the door way clenching and clenching his fists. There's a faint scent of vomit and sweat handing just under the forceful tang of cinnamon chewing gum. 'He's worried himself sick again and he didn't want me to know.'
“I’m done listening Jim, now stay down!” Vengeance landed, the black armor was nicked and beaten but still in better operating shape than its steel color counterpart.
As the fog rolled over the sea, he chanced the danger and pushed the vessel on through the moonlit seas.
Thankfully, when they did reach the tower the garage wasn't empty. The worst thing in the world would have been to come all this way to find everyone had gone out to dinner or that Stark had packed everyone up to head to the coast for a weekend. Tony had been known to do things like that in the past after a hard fight.
Tony had been one of the few people to reach out and push him into experiencing new things. The one person (as frustrating as he could be) who now knew the truth. That truth didn’t even seem to faze him. Tony just wanted him to be ok.
“Steve” Tony, that’s Tony, “Steve.” I can feel his hands on my shoulders pushing me back as my legs turn to spaghetti. “Barton, go get Bruce ! J I need Steve’s vitals right now.”
Steve didn’t want to think that he would have to be the one to take on the man he loved, to have to hurt Tony to save him. He wouldn’t be able to live with that.
“You’re thinking to much, spangles.” Tony said bumping into his shoulder. “keep your eye on the prize, that cherry faced asshat got away once, we won’t let him do it again.” he said turning up his armored palm.
“Ahem…not to ruin this tender moment but there is a matter of payment.” A voice called from on deck.
Barnes help the phone away, quickly transferring it to his human hand less he crush the device completely . He takes a breath and tells himself its not worth the fight. Loki is bating him and he will not rise to it- not now! He‘d deal with this when he got home…if he came home. That last bit was really why he called. This mission was different and there was a high likely hood they wouldn‘t come through this unscathed. “I just want to protect you, that’s why I do this. That‘s why I do all of this, sweetheart. I want us to live in a world that is safe.”
When he turned back, he was a woman with her arms folded on the side of the ship. Her hair was in long golden waves, she was beautiful and other worldly.
“I feel off…” he mumbled frowning at the wide, warm, muscular chest before his eyes, not able to meet intense blue eyes.
Tony looked back at it trying, really trying, but he wasn’t an artist. Didn’t really understand art, he appreciated the old masters, but the abstract…he didn’t get.
Alone Steve slowly stood on wobbly legs, his fingers felt thick and clumsy as he undid his jeans, trying to ignore the painful red abrasions on his wrists. Stripping down he carefully stepped into the tub sinking down into the giant bath. Settling aching limbs he gave a quiet moan as the heat began to seep back into him. Leaning back he closed his eyes, it felt like heaven.
Surprised he looked down, he’d almost forgot he was wearing them. Shaking his head, he started working on shimming out of the leather. Anthony laughed watching amusedly. Steve fought with the pants for long moments before he gave up and just ripped them off.
Tony blinked surprised,  "Oh?" he responded before he remembered that Happy had been talking about taking May on a vacation.
Steve pressed sloppy uncoordinated kisses to Tony’s neck, he could feel the desperation in his movements, his whole body thrummed with tension, with a breathy moan he bit at the straining muscle in his sweat-slick neck. Tony swore pulling him down as he thrust deep the tension in his body going slack as he came.
He wasn’t in the greatest of moods, it was their anniversary today, and Steve had big plans…really big plans. He knew Anthony had dinner reservations, or judging by the time now, had dinner reservations. They’d even had tickets to see
“Come on Peter,” he rasped, the kid regretfully disentangling himself as they headed back to the portal.
Tony surrendered leaning into the strong chest, “We’ll that’s true.” He felt a rumbled in the wide chest under his ear. Before soft lips dipped pressing a kiss to his jaw before moving lower.
“So what are we watching tonight?” Tony asked, and Steve felt him settle a warm hand on his lower back.
They were still grinning as the food arrived and Steve realized he was suddenly ravenous. Before they ate he lifted his fiancée left hand placing a kiss to the ring there. Loving the small flush that crossed the other's cheeks.
Unconsciously he looked down at himself, still a little surprised to see his thick arms and legs, his muscular torso, and broad chest, not the spindly limbs and taut skin. His metal arm caught in the lights and he turned it over looking at it.
He waited for a few racing heartbeats before he took another inhale, chest easing as he sighed wiping sweat from his forehead with a trembling hand.
Feeling a little dazed he turned his head into Tony’s neck huffing breathlessly, Tony reached for his hand tangling their fingers as he brought his hand against the taut skin of his lower abdomen pressing against the bulge in the flat skin. Unsure what he was feeling for a heartbeat, Tony shifted pressing harder and he knew.
Tony yawned shuffling into the room coffee in hand and work tucked under his arm. The only positive to Steve’s current comatose state was the amount of paperwork he'd plowed through for Pepper. He as actually ahead.
“Afterwards, Iron Man and Captain America stayed behind to sign autographs and take photos with some of the spectators.”
Steve grunted before Anthony’s tired voice carried through the empty space, “Hey babe,” he sounded…sad.
Anthony shook his head coming over to peck him on the cheek, “Only you love,” he grinned. Steve returned the kiss, his stomach suddenly growling, reminding them they’d fought through breakfast and lunch.
Steve caught his breath, sure he had to be dreaming…it had felt so new, yet at the same time oddly familiar as if he’d kissed Tony a million times before.
As soon as Halloween ended his mind was immediately filled with upcoming holiday plans. It was his first Christmas with Steve, and by God, he was going to make it memorable. November 1st he was already scheming to spoil his amazing boyfriend outrageously. God knows that if anyone had earned a little spoiling it was Sergeant Steve Rogers, ex-Hydra assassin, and the sweetest person he'd ever met.
"What would this businessman do with the man in the room?" he breathed and Steve, palmed himself imagining it was the callused hands of his lover.
Dazed he leaned into the other man, still trying to fight for air as the navigated twisting hallways. Rounding one corner metal fingers gently covered his eyes.
Tony would argue that getting out of bed at all that day had been a bad idea. It hadn't started that way though, as a matter of fact, it'd started amazing. It was he and Steve's first anniversary and Tony had been excited. First, because he'd remembered, then because Steve has sweetly brought him breakfast in bed followed by some lazy making out that held all sorts of promises for their evening.
Buck had left Rhodes in charge of some of the plans while they were away and his best man took his responsibilities seriously. Only Tony didn’t want to make them without Steve, it was silly, but he’d wanted the man’s input on what sort of flowers they should have or what sort of favour they should have.
Tony sat in the crook of Steve's arm dozing on the common room couch. It’d been a rather long day. In addition to actually stopping the train, they’d had to go pretty much clear across the country to do it, then move all the weapons they found to secure locations. All said and done they'd all been going for more the twenty-four hours and now sprawled in the common area they just couldn’t seem to find the energy to go to bed.
Tony felt his mouth drop open, “What on earth…” he trailed off brow furrowing in confusion. “Friday why would Steve go to Midtown High-“ he cut off as a half-remembered memory surfaced.
Amused he looked up at his fiancé feeling marginally better, Steve returned the smile a small lifting of his lips. “Feeling better?” he rasped.
Finally meeting those dark eyes he drew a breath just as the man’s phone rang. He cursed grabbing the device off the bar and frowning at it furiously.
Carol shook her head as she watched them all disappear before she gave in a chuckle, she better get going if she was going to make it on time.
“Stevie, you ready?” Bucky’s voice jarred him from his thoughts, he looked at his friend blankly for a moment.
It was somewhat comical the look on Anthony’s face as he told him as much as he could remember. He knew he was making a bit of a muck of things, he wasn't a storyteller, but Anthony seemed enthralled, slowing sitting up more, but still leaning against him warm and heavy.
Anthony had just had the place rebuilt, and had promised him he would take him to his private beachfront.
“You see him too?” She asked faintly as the man drew closer walking briskly down the sidewalk people stepping out of his way as he cut a path through the throng of people.
Touching down on the landing pad he hurried into the compound, spotting Bucky and Sam in the kitchen making dinner.
He went willingly pressed close, “I should tell the others,” he murmured not at all inclined to move.
He was wearing ratty jeans and a band shirt that looked like it’d seen better days. His arm was in a sling, and as Steve came to stop beside him he could see dark, angry bruises across his cheek and jaw.
“Everyone Boss sent invites to can’t make it,” she explained as he booted up the machine and shared the various emails and chat logs with him. Steve’s frown deepened.
Steve smiled at him then, all snarled sweetness, he still hadn’t got the smiling down but Tony didn’t care. He kissed him slow and sweet.
Steve cocked an eyebrow at him, Tony grinned, “For real, what nerd wouldn’t want to get it on with the Terminator?”
The kid's head snapped up so fast T'Challa winced for him. Eagerly he nodded and the pair were headed off, Peter pausing, "We here for a little bit?”
“Bedroom?” Anthony gasped against his lips, Steve grunted in return adjusting his grip slightly before he was moving towards the elevator.
“I’m here, its ok, going to get you out,” he murmured moving behind him Steve could feel metal fingers cool against his own, and suddenly he was free. Limbs trembling he brought his hands around, rubbing softly at his wrists.
In short order Anthony was lifting his hips and sliding down onto him with a long low groan, “Yesss…” he hissed not stopping until Steve bottomed out.
He watched in amusement as Anthony was mobbed by the tide of eager teens, all-flash and easy grins as he navigated the crowd. Even the parents and teachers were awe struck.
Steve hummed sliding down in the tub, Tony’s strong hands cupping the back of his head.  A strong sense of déjà vu gripped him then.
Curling him closer, he settled the smaller man on his chest as he tugged out his phone, opening his news app he saw the photo immediately. He felt the corners of his mouth twitch up, Anthony was pressed against him asleep, cheeks flushed red with fever as Steve carried him towards the others.
The teen gave a small wave before moving back to join his friends, and Tony noted the others looking at the kid with something akin to awe in their faces. Tony was pleased, even if it was a small thing, he was happy they could help out a little.
Carefully he unlocked it with his right hand, he’d broken more than his fair share of the things, and he always felt bad when he had to ask Anthony for another.
"You broke the internet again," Tony accused, Steve, shrugged, looking completely unconcerned with his current legendary social media status.
Surprised Steve looked up at him, feeling a little better to see the other man’s cheeks were a little rosy as well.
His manger snapped and Steve was nodding obediently pushing away his confusion as he met that strangely familiar gaze, dark regarding him in concern.
Bucky wished he was anywhere but here with Christmas looming so close…it was Steve’s first one back with him and he had hoped perhaps they could have spent some time together. He knew he was struggling to connect with his friend again. Steve was moving on though, and Bucky felt like he was being left behind.
The kid was talking a mile a minute hands moving wildly, eyes wide as he gestured. Mantis, Drax, and Groot listened intently to the kid, while the big man patiently waited for him to finish.
“I like the colours,” Tony noted, it was true the colours were an interesting mix, they looked like they shouldn’t work together but somehow, they did. “And the movement,” he added watching as they seemed to spiral out from a central point in the piece.
Steve leaned down near his ear holding him tight, “Been fighting a long time, might be nice to not.”
“Shit Steve I’m coming!” Anthony was yelling in his ear as the grip of the thing tightened squeezing the air out of him. Grunting he ripped his metal arm free, pulling out one of his knives as the ugly thing raised him close to his face.
“I’ve never been to San Francisco,” Peter mused as Steve politely rapped at the door. They waited a moment before a young girl opened the door and looked at him in wide-eyed astonishment.
It took him an hour to collect all the necessary mission parameters before he was able to formulate a plan. He looked at the hodgepodge of scribbles in the notebook he’d been using. Studying it with a strategic eye he finally nodded this could work….but he was going to need to move fast.
Snorting he twisted the top onto his travel mug before shrugging into his coat and grabbing his bag. Locking his apartment door behind him he headed for the subway, he didn’t want to be late for work.
Steve’s hands returned to rubbing his back lovingly,  “I woke up, five foot nothing, ninety-five pounds having an asthma attack.”
Steve hummed his agreement gently withdrawing his finger before returning with two this time, the slide still slick and open. Anthony groaned this time mouth falling open as he all but whined, “More Steve…”
Sam was off again doubled over laughing Bucky finally giving in and laughing as well. Anthony wrapped his metal arms around him grinning for all he was worth, “Come on boy toy, I’ll take you for dinner and then I’ll take those shorts off with my teeth.”
Tony watched pleased as those lips twitched, and big hands, one metal one flesh settled on his hips.  Tony moved a little closer, as they swayed gently to the old song, chuckling Tony rocked up on his toes mumbling softly in his boyfriend’s ear, “I listened to this in high school.”
Steve quirked a brow at him, but Anthony had shifted focus, moving to lick him from root to tip without preamble. He growled low in his throat as Anthony began to work him so perfectly. Carefully he tangled his real hand in dark hair, cupping the back of his head gently as Anthony messily blew him.
Pausing he raised the kitten to eye level, “Really?” he rasped the kitten meowed plaintively again before rubbing his face against his cheek.
It had been about that time that Steve’s stomach had reminded him that he hadn't eaten any solid foods in over a month. Anthony ordered all his favourites, while they'd all moved to the kitchen where dinner had taken on a more of the celebratory atmosphere.
“What do you want?” His voice cracked, and he coughed wetly, groaning as it made his head hurt. Something warm and wet was running down his neck, and Steve had a sneaking suspicion it was blood.
Tony nodded leading him towards the door, Steve tried to follow lifting stumbling legs, only they refused to cooperate, his knees giving out. Sure he was about to hit the floor he found himself lifted into strong metal arms. He wanted to protest but Tony was already moving them out of the room.
Tony watched the screen as the current trending topic on Twitter came up with a video, "No way…" he smiled then as Friday played the clear cell phone shot footage of Steve riding by on the back of a black stallion.
Heaving a shuddering breath he was finally able to pull back a little to look into those beloved blue eyes, hands still curled tight as if Steve would drift away from him once more.
Tony hit the ground so fast he stumbled, hurrying through the mess and heading for his fiancée. He had been worried about him since pulling him from the rubble, and he knew he shouldn’t have been surprised when Steve had returned to the fight down one arm and just as dangerous. Still, he worried, didn't think he'd ever not worry about him.
“Oh, god love that’s so good,” Anthony mumbled sliding against him. Steve grunted in agreement, he was already rock hard, the too-tight pants, just dancing the line of almost too painful. Hitting the back of the elevator, Steve carefully pinned Anthony to the wall worrying the skin on his boyfriends neck. The dark-haired man making the most maddening sounds.
Brown eyes regarded him intently for a moment before he nodded sharply setting aside his tools and heading for the tray. Steve followed, waiting patiently. He knew better than to push. Pushing would just get his back up and start a fight.
He shook his head before turning back to them, "It's big on Earth, there's food and presents, and…it's just…" Quill turned to the big man, "We’ll be there!”
Steve groaned walking them back into the shower as Anthony's sweet laugh promised more wonderful Christmas memories. Steve couldn't remember any of his past Christmas's but he knew he'd never forget this one.
He felt a messy kiss against his spine as he heard the faint crinkle of the condom wrapper as he waited trembling, and thrilled, anticipation running through him, waiting…then Tony was there pressing in and Steve couldn’t think of anything.
He started as a warm cloth was pressed against him washing him clean. Too tired and relaxed he couldn't even muster up the energy to be embarrassed. Shivering as warm hands left him, he was only alone for a second before Tony was back gathering them close and covering them with thick blankets.
Only on this occasion, there had been some disquiet from the investors in regards to Steve's less than stellar past. Anthony had been mad as hell, ready to tank the whole deal when Steve had interjected, it was a big deal and one that would see leaps and bounds in clean energy. So Anthony had gone, and Steve had stayed…and with nothing better to do the last week Steve had been closely watching Sam and Buck dance around each other.
Moving easy, slowly, he coaxed Steve upright, grabbing a water bottle and holding it to his lips. CC moving to the side meowing plaintively up at them. Steve drank slowly, then greedily draining the bottle.
The others turned then, the room erupting in greetings as they beckoned him into the welcoming space.
Steve felt his breath hitch, as that sweet tension unwound and he was cumming. Ruined vocal cords rubbing and vibrating as he spilled into Anthony’s mouth and down his throat.
Steve nodded, he couldn’t help the smile that crossed his face, it really had been a perfect day. Anthony was kissing him again, hands pulling him close as the party continued on around them, for once no one giving them grief about making out in public.
Tony bit his lip, debating with himself for a moment, but he found the question falling from his lips all the same, “Busy?” He cursed himself, god he sounded pathetic.
His doziness vanished, “Steve, is Steve ok?” he hurried to the far end of the workshop and the screens.
Tony sighed, “I was, but apparently, he wants to make this a thing, I’ll get legal on it. No way I’m going to let anyone think I would ever cheat on Steve.”
Only as he spotted Tony waiting for him just outside of the pub, he was suddenly self-conscious about what he was wearing, and very much aware of his skinny, awkward self.
“Over here,” Carol called voice soft as she pointed to the big couch on the far side of the room. Tony turned, his heart-melting all over again. Steve was sitting with his head lulled back, clearly asleep. Peter slumped into his side breathing softly as well.
“How do you…who taught… never mind I don’t want to know.” He shook his head turning away muttering and Steve couldn’t help the horse wheezy bark of laughter.
No doubt they would have gladly talked science the rest of the night, but the DJ was announcing the last few songs and the kids scurried off to find partners. Surprised Tony grinned as he recognized the soft strains of Toto. Chuckling he turned to his boyfriend, finding him leaning casually against the wall behind him, those electric blue eyes hidden by the dark glasses.
“I’m rambling, sorry…Rhodey says I need to not do that, oh god this is going awful,” he moaned burring his face in his good hand before he groaned again this time in pain.
“No problem kid,” he glanced at his boyfriend, the big man was nodding, and Tony couldn’t help the sweet swell of love for the man; Steve was incredible.
Peter watched as he nodded sharply, and Peter finally made the connection to his outfit, “Oh my God! You’re
It took him a while to settle, his chest heaving sobs slowly moving into soft hiccups as Steve rocked him. Tony still pressed into his neck, hands fisted in the soft cotton t-shirt he wore.
Anthony grinned at him, giving him a wink before he answered a few more questions and the press conference was ending. Moving away from the crowd Steve sighed happy it was over. He knew it’d been a necessity. He couldn’t just purpose to Anthony Stark in front of the press then not say anything about it, but he was still pleased it was over.
Steve furrowed his brow, they fought today but he couldn't recall having done anything notable. He'd kept all his clothing on. Honestly, it had all been rather boring.
As if summoned his computer chimed with an email from Fury, it was short and brisk, directly to the point. He wasn’t coming, they were swamped, Natasha was already out and he hadn’t heard from her in a week.
It had been a fairly routine fight and one that may or may not have been inadvertently caused by Thor. Not that Steve was going to complain, it was better than the moping he was doing around the compound. Bucky had been teasing him mercilessly about it, ever since Anthony had left on SI business, and he’d been dragging.
“Feel so good, do tight, Christ I can feel you…feel me in you,” a strong hand pressed down on his stomach and Steve was done. With a quiet whimper he fell, his orgasm hot and hard as he shot all over his own belly and Tony’s hand.
Steve seemed to understand though, holding him tightly as he gently stroked his hair, making those familiar soothing rumbles as Tony tried to get himself back under control.
Steve didn’t say a word, reaching in his pocket he dropped to one knee, watching as Anthony’s eyes widened.
Tony thought about lying, about doing what he would have done once upon a time. Be flippant and bluster his way through. Only this wasn’t then, this was now, now with Steve who’d become so wrapped up in his life they shared everything, knew everything about each other…
“Steve, love everything ok?” Anthony was panting lightly, and he could hear the faint sounds of explosions over the link. They were still fighting and he sitting nude in a Starbucks.
“What’s left of SHIELD,” he rasped as he made his way directly into Fury’s office, throwing open the doors with a harsh bang. He had hoped to catch the man off guard but if he did, the Fury hid it well.
As they moved further into the lab, Janet was introducing herself to the Sergeant, offering him tea, “What brings you here Sergeant  Rogers?”
Clearing his throat he glanced back at the slumbering pair;  he wasn’t the only one dabbing at his eyes.
Tony couldn’t seem to get the smile to leave his face. It had been a spectacular night, a Christmas he was never going to forget. One that he never wanted too. Everyone had been relaying their stories of what had happed, Peter and Steve had certainly pulled everything off in dramatic fashion. They’d been all over the world…and outside of it.
“JARVIS start a bath please,” Tony spoke softly, finally setting Steve down carefully on the side of the tub.
Tony nodded against him, but Steve could still feel the tension in him, the fear radiating off him. Dropping his towel he slid naked into the bed beside his husband pulling him close. Anthony went willing, there was nothing sexual about the contact as the smaller man clung to him, just simple comfort as Steve held him tight, running his hands up and down the strong back.
“Don’t what?” he mumbled rubbing absently at his arc, Steve’s tags clinking softly against the metal.
Grinning he moved to the bigger man gently taking his hand and pulling him close, “Care to dance?” he teased.
“Rinse,” he ordered gently cupping the back of his head as Steve slid his big frame down rinsing out his hair. Tony careful to not let his face go under the water, supporting his neck as he rinsed the shampoo out.
Steve winced, Tony radiated anger, he thought to move away but he was still in Tony’s arms and he was being carried away. The blurry scenery around him made him think, they were back in the tower headed to Tony’s penthouse.
Steve could see Bucky up ahead pulling off his helmet, as he glanced at Sam above him laughing so hard he almost fell out of the sky.
It was a weird sort of burning, he sniffed again before the heat he’d been feeling had finally registered beyond uncomfortable to burning. He looked down at his clothes, smoke rolling off them as something ate through the material.
Steve knew he’d said something wrong the moment the words left his lips, Anthony's eyes went wide and his jaw dropped as a wash of emotions crossed his boyfriend's expressive features. Surprised shock, gave way to sadness before callused hand were cupping his cheek and pulling him close.
Tony turned to the man beside him, Steve was yawning blue eyes lazy as he blearily looked at the movie they’d fallen asleep too.
He felt a warm arm come around him gathering him close, “How’d your day go?” he mumbled into the warm chest of the other. He heard the other rumble a sigh.
He felt Tony press a kiss to his temple mumbling in his hair, Steve nodded thinking to just close his eyes for a moment.
“What makes you think he’ll pay,” Steve mumbled, carefully moving his arms, allowing the circle of the cuff to rest against his wrists.
“Or –” Steve continued, giving Tony a look, “I said that we could keep an eye on her.” Tony opened his mouth to speak, but Steve cut him off before he could even start. “Look, she’s already attached. And she has to be scared and doesn’t need to be passed off to another stranger.”
“I had some stuff to run by Coulson real quick” he said, grin still plastered across his face. “But I am glad I ran into you.”
“Coffee would be great, yeah” Tony said, taking the cookie from Steve. He bit into it, still trying to wrap his half-asleep mind around what was happening. He sat down at the counter, watching as Steve poured him a cup of coffee, still singing quietly to himself.
“Yeah, maybe” Steve sighed, sounding thoroughly unconvinced. “You’re being uncharacteristically supportive.”
“Well now, that stung a little bit” Barton pouted, “this is what I get for trying to be a supportive friend.”
The door swung open and Steve blinked in surprise. He’d gone over the occupant’s list of damaged items and from the technological nonsense he’d read, he had expected some sort of mad scientist or nutty professor type. Instead it was a young guy, maybe a few years older than him. His dark hair was shaggy, hanging into his eyes, but his goatee was neatly kept. He wore jeans and a stained white tank, and appeared to have goggle imprints around his eyes. Handsome, with just a touch of the mad scientist.
Finally he came upon apartment he’d been looking for, 7E. As he approached the door, he could feel the carpet squelch under his shoes.
“I’ve never said it to someone before. Significant others, at least. I know, I’ve got more issues than I could even begin to count, but I haven’t said it and I don’t know how people do these things.”
Steve shook his head, a bemused smile on his face. “It’s about spending time with people you love, surprising them with thoughtful gifts, enjoying the food, lights, music…you’ll see.”
As the door slammed behind them, Tony spun around to the kitchen. “Want something to drink? Are you hungry? I can make a sandwich.”
“Just kidding, Cap, don’t take everything so seriously” Tony said, giving him a friendly shove. Throwing up a mock-salute, he moved away, heading for Coulson. “You should post something yourself” he said over his shoulder as he left.
The pair nodded at him, glad to be able to head back and wash off the sweat and grime they were caked in.
“I love you too, Tony.” He placed his hands on Tony’s shoulders, slowly running them down his arms, clasping their hands together.
Steve just stared at him, unable to tell if he was joking or not. Tony stared back seriously for a second, before breaking into a grin. “Just messing with you. I mean, I do want to name it that, but apparently ‘the scientific community won’t accept it’” he said, making mocking air quotes with his fingers.
“This is what I’ve really been into lately” he said, tapping a few keys on a laptop before shutting it and tossing it onto the couch behind them. Scooting a couple beakers and test tubes around, he pointed to various chemicals, naming them for Steve.
“Hush. I’ve already got everyone’s gifts planned and we can go shopping this weekend” he said, excitedly. “We can have people over for a Christmas party, maybe decorate cookies together.”
Gesturing to a tangle of wires and lights jumbled together, he explained “This is a prototype for a sunrise alarm clock. I’m using LEDs and added a button; I'm going for minimal controls so the input isn't too far from complete.”
He gaped at the transformation, circling around the Christmas tree set up in front of the windows, already strung with lights and tinsel, silver and gold ornaments hung from each branch. A glimmering star stood on top, completing the picture.
“Anyone else we should share this with? I haven’t told Rhodey yet, or maybe I should just contact the New York Times?” Tony threw his hands up in frustration.
“Talking with some local law enforcement, I think” Nat said, gesturing to a group of people down the street a ways.
He waved a stack of papers listing every bit of machinery that had been damaged by the flood from upstairs. “I’ve got my list, if you want to start going over them, I can point out each piece. Might take a while though, I was very…thorough.”
Looking up, he caught the dumbfounded look on Steve’s face before he could hide it. “Sorry, I get excited about this stuff. I know no one else really cares.” His face fell a little, the enthusiasm gone.
The printer next to the couch started humming, papers sliding out and fluttering to the floor. “I’m just gonna grab those, go help yourself to whatever’s in the fridge” Tony said, waving vaguely in the direction of the kitchen.
By morning Tony would be back to his old self, but he knew what the team had done for him - what Steve had done for him. So yeah maybe in the long run Strange had a point with his plan, not that Tony didn't since off his facial hair bros' eyebrow the next time he saw him  ' It's the principal of the thing.'
Steve flinched at first then nodded letting Tony pull off his shirt . “ There we go, I’m gunna touch you ok sugar, will you let me?” Tony whispered in his ear in that tone that made him shiver . His back  melting into the bedding and eyes drooping slightly.
People could be saved; Steve had believed that for so long. Maybe it was his mother’s voice or that weekly Mass. Something in him said there had to be something left to redeem when a good man did bad things.
The cemetery was huge, and Steve stood at the gate for a long time - single red rose in hand. Tony deserved this much.
It is these forgotten generations were evil men learn their trade and foster a future breed from fear. Walking husks of humanity, running on maliciousness. That was who Hydra was looking for, that is whom they found in Mallen. A hate-filled youth with an axe to grind after watching his parents die in a government shoot out over weapons violations.
As it turned out, the books were translated, not that it would have made the read any easier. It would seem that what Asgard and the surrounding realms knew about the Jotnar, or as the Aesir called them Frost Giants, looked to be little more than racist propaganda.
“I'd have to agree with you there, but I understand why.” Coulson said dropping an empty clip from his pistol. “I'd hate to be hydra right about now.” It was clear to anyone watching that Loki had one goal in mind and regardless of what or who was in his way he'd get there.
The redhead took the flier and looked it over for herself, “Doesn’t hurt to go and talk to him, plus I’ve heard of him. Stark industries are who made all those fancy toys we used during the war. Remember?”
SHIELD knew more than they let on because James suspected if this were some sort of biochemical agent then they wouldn't be here just watching. This would have been a snatch and grab at the least...and a termination mission at the most. Therefore, it must not have been anything particularly nasty to the public at large.
“Alright. Hey. All right. Good job, guys. Let’s just not come in tomorrow. Let's just take a day. Have you ever tried shawarma? There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it.”  Same old Tony…
“I assure you this has nothing to do with a patent; it’s about a very important project your father was involved in during the war.”
“Thanks J, is Steve in the nesting room yet?” He asked walking through the penthouse tugging off his t-shirt, he‘d take a shower first but Steve had an odd preoccupation with his working man stank during a heat. The thought made him smirk a little, for the next five days he‘d be more or less MIA with a randy super soldier. If he died of loss of bodily fluids it wasn‘t an awful way to go.
Soft golden light filled the penthouse foyer. Making everything seem a bit warmer, a bit softer under the amber hue. Just of to the side of the seating area was the baby grand piano that more often than not sat silent and stately. Now however the piano bench held not 1 but 2, Tony had the blanket wrapped toddler nestle between his chest and the keys.
She'd tell him about her day and all the cute little things he missed that day, she was never angry. For that he couldn't have been more thankful. Having her their to keep the home fires burning meant everything. It made what he did mean something. He wasn't just out there protecting the world he was protecting his world.
“’s gonna die… every… everyone. I‘m s‘pose  to be better, s‘pose to … ” Steve muttered turning away from the Alpha. His hands were tingling and sweat was running down his back. He felt hot and cold all at the same time, the cold was worse because it came in waves making his skin twitch.
Once the Asgardian returned with several thick tomes, McCoy suggested the avengers make a visit to the X school.
Tony looked up dropping the grease-smudged hands that he’d been sheltering behind. “I do want him Pep and that’s the problem, I want him so damn much that feel like I’m losing my mind. I just don’t want to hurt him, what if it gets out? What if people see us out together and you know they will. Then he’s plastered all over every tabloid rag in the country with alpha/alpha speculations flying. Then what if people find out his nature? Do you know what that would do to him? That would be my fault.”
They're both exhausted and later when James wakes up alone he will wish he stayed awake a bit longer. By then he won't have a chance because Bruce will have already started a sedative IV to reattach a new arm. It always hurt like hell when they had to wire into his nerves and the muscles of his shoulder. He'd be too groggy then to ask if anyone had seen Loki, if anyone was with him because he didn't want the omega to be alone right now.
This was their life now, living off odd jobs in the small tenement overlooking the harbor. Part of Steve longed to feel that salt blanched wind on his skin, while another part couldn’t even sleep at night without waking to the sound of guns and cannons.
Tony leaned back in his rolling chair; they were in the workshop one evening with Peter gone out for Ice Cream with Bucky and Loki. That had been interesting to say the least. “Not really, what I want is to repulsor Nicky boy up his piss hole but that’s not going to do anything about all of this. Revenge only feels good for a few seconds and then it is just cold. Trust me I know. I think I am just done with it. I’m not saying he’s back on the Christmas card list- but I’m not actively trying to kill anyone. . Not anymore.”
Steve crowded and pressed the slighter man against the wall, running his fingers along Starks side. He loved the feel of the compact muscle quivering beneath the skin. While Tony lighted things, rough Steve liked to be sweeter. He took a moment to kiss the back of his lovers neck and suck a red mark over the mans pulse point. Breathing in the scent of expensive cologne and Tony’s own natural smell of metal and oil.
After a spirited reading of  BINGO the dog, and watching a few episodes of Paw patrol with juice boxes and sandwiches, peter was ready for a nap...and so was Loki.  All in all he had to admit aside from the morning confusion the day had gone smoothly enough.  Peter was well behaved and didn't mind being left on the sofa for  moment or two during the omegas numerous bathroom breaks. Loki recalled ready quite a few parenting articles about small children following their parent or guardian everywhere. He pleased to be able to go to the lavatory in peace.
Entering the apartment he followed the pheromones back to the nesting room, Loki has the presence of mind to go there which was a good sign.  However, the state he found his omega in was less than ideal. The ravenette was crushed into a corner ringing with sweat, his eyes wide and hands balled up until the knuckles where a ghostly white.
Something that was both sweet and painful. For all the years Steve had spent in the ice, it was this one moment that he wished like hell he had been there for Tony when he really was this age.
Dummy beeped in the background as Tony rubbed the back of his neck and looked back at the machine, “Yep, I’m busted.”
He stopped looking at the time hours ago, or was it days. Everything felt like it just melted together in an endless parade of sympathy cards and well wishes. He just needed to get away from it for a while so he went were he had always felt at peace. Only know even is refuge held memories that plagued him.
Peters flushed little face hazed in the blue light of the arc reactor. Steve could see the damp remnants of tears still staining his little boys face.
“Yeah, I um...I have to take my temperature and compare it to the chart that Bruce worked up for us.” Steve's voice quivered slightly as he spoke.
Placing his finger tips on the cool glass of the passenger window; Loki remembered something else – he wasn't a hideous monster, because if he was then the children at the academy would be monsters. Kurt and the other mutants never asked for what happened to them, they didn't even have many others that looked like them. Loki came from a people – A whole world like him. No mater what the Asgardian histories said -he was not some unknown beast hiding below children's beds. He was just...different, the same way Bruce was different, and Stark and Steve. His impromptu pack was not like anyone and yet...they managed.
Loki laughed and leaned against the desk, "That's the first thing you notice? For shame Mr. Stark, but if you really want to know.... Lets just say your guards are easily convinced to let an egar young lad like myself through." He purred slipping off his jacket, letting it hit the floor behind him.
So when Jarvis pinged him with the announcement of ‘unusual energy levels on Mr. Laufeyson’s floor.’ Stark jumped at the chance.
He was not broken until he had to improvise his own escape and watch yet another good man die for his sake. Yinsen…he had a family, he didn’t deserve to die in some damp dark cave. A good, honest man shouldn’t have died trying to help him.
The girl was young, barely out of childhood herself. Wanda, he thought her name was. Her crimson tail glowed softly with her own magic where she was backed into a corner. “I… he wouldn’t stop crying so the nurse. She told me to bring him back here. However, you were not here and then. That thing came out and I thought it was going to try and eat the baby!”
Watching the beads of water rolling off her nearly opalescent flesh, Howard had to agree. He had never been an artist, never had an eye for things of beauty. His mind was mad for function and efficiency. In those designs, the beauty of sleek lines and the shining metal gears simply happened because of function. Often Maria would come down to the shop and look with wide eyes at whatever Howard was working on. Those had been the early days before he had been able to convince anyone to take him seriously. She was always praising his efforts. Even so…this living and breathing creature would have blinded anything made of iron and steel.
“Oh yeah that’s classy.” Steve smiled up at his friend. Watching the crinkle of joy around the billionaires brown eyes. It was sinful how deep and beautiful those eyes were. He hated himself a little more feeling that.
Despite how Loki felt about Odin taking him in and the secret surrounding his origins he's sure he would never do that. Perhaps there was a child as Kurt has said...just waiting.
The captain wasn’t sure why…but it felt right, it felt like the only thing he could do. He took his lovers face in his hands and placed a kiss between the engineer’s tired eyes. “I love you and I forgive you, but I need you to forgive yourself.” Steve felt his own tears threatening, hoping this was the right thing.  Tony did all of this under some banner of revenge all in His name. So if in someway he could absolve those sins he would try. He would take it all if he could. “Please…I can’t lose you to this anymore than you could lose me.”
The siren then held out the gem to the child’s father. “Place it on his chest and he will be healed. The gem is filled with powerful magic, enough energy to insure he lives well and strong for many years. “She said placing the gem in Starks outstretched palm.
Steve cursed and pushed Tony up the embankment a head before hefting himself up, “Tony, get to the quinjet. We brought one of your old armors just incase, I don’t think the one you have on is going to be functional enough to fight.” Steve said looking over to where Coulson, Natasha and Clint where lined up picking off the quickly advancing troops. There wouldn’t be much time.
The soldier paused looking over his shoulder before ducking into an empty barracks room.” Matter-of-fact I have, take this to Fury Stark. Whatever your friends stepped in - trust me when I say it’s not just  a little shit.”
The hospital staff looked like they wanted to object but didn’t seem to have the courage to intervene now.
This dear friends, is where our tale truly begins, in a farmhouse built by a meadow near the babbling brook. The picturesque scene of tranquility and beauty against a back-splash of clear blue skies. Just off in the distance the grand gold tower of the King and his loyal subjects stands. Yet here far removed from the village and the bustling town streets - the only sound is the gentle voice of a young man with hair like spun gold and eyes as blue as the robin’s egg.
The blond moved sluggishly and Stark had to admit it was somewhat cute to see those full lips pull into a pout as the larger man stood up and seemed confused that he had to leave the comfort of his bed.
“I…I can’t” Steve looked down sheepishly, considering his height and that he might step on the alphas feet and potentially harm the smaller man.
They just sat there in complete silence, that really not ok kind of silence that makes you feel like someone died. Or maybe they just wanted to die; Steve was starting to feel that particular prickling sensation with every ticking second hand on the too loud clock on the wall.
It could have happened. Even if it was just a nightmare, Loki knew that story could be similar to any of the lives lost that day. Lives he could never give back to those that loved them. So maybe this was his true punishment. What was it the mortals said, an eye for an eye?
“Yes, lucky for you, he spends too much time with me so we do have some of those - things in the cupboard.” Loki gestured as if the frosted toaster treats would hear him from the pantry and launch an attack at being insulted.  He moved to set the child on the counter and get a few more eggs for the pan. “Now my little helper, you have a very special job, you see...that bear you have there looks very hungry. So you will have to keep him from stealing any of the food.”
It was easy to see in the tense line of the brunettes back and subtle clenching of his fists. Tony was holding back a lot, whatever it was and who ever it was for - Steve wasn’t sure.
The next series of photographs show a caravan of black SUV’s rolling silently into the lot. It didn't take a mastermind to know who these vehicles belong to when they watches men in black militant assault gear exiting.
“How could she do that?” Fitz carefully questioned, the omega inching a bit closer to his alpha. “I mean, a broken bond would be even worse right?”
Steve had always been the kind to turn his nose at the idea that omega ’needed’ to be cared for. His mom took care of him and he turned out fine, better than fine - he was a bonifide national treasure. Although he didn’t feel much like one at the moment.
The omega shifted foot to foot, looking out at the living room where Loki and Pepper were entertaining the pups. “Yeah.” Steve agreed with an uneasy smile. He wanted to believe that but in the back of his mind something was just poking at him. That unearthly tingle along your spine that made the hairs on the back of your neck stand at attention. Something wasn't right and he hated like this. Moving away from the stove to allow Bruce to take control for a while, “You're right. I just have a bad feeling ya know? I've had it all morning and no matter what I do I just can't shake it.”
As with many nights, Bruce held talks with Dr. McCoy from the X school. Hank had been working with mutants for decades, while Loki was unquestionably not of mutant origin – some of those had similarities in physiology and abilities. Even so, these similarities in power did not mean one could count on that to overcome their issues.
“ I think it might be more what I could assist you with. I can tell you are struggling with wanting to do what you can for your family here. Mr. Stark and Loki namely.”
The alpha nodded and started chattering on about how to build duel bassinets with all sorts of sensors for optimal temperature and started to ask Jarvis about schematics and then something about coffee and doughnuts and calling Pepper. Who really knew what came after that as the voices trailed off down the hall.
“Yeah I’m full-a surprises,” he said, adding ‘so is cap’ mentally. Tony wondered if Nat was aware of her own body language in relation to Steve, if she could work it out on her own. Widow was smart they all knew that, however thanks to the experiments in her youth her sensory responses where a little out of whack. Moreover, this was Steve, the pinnacle of all an alpha should be.
“Someone’s done their homework, color me impressed.” Barnes returned tilting his head. “You seem to know everything about us, yet all we know about you is that some crazy old weapons maker who lost his wife and kid. Sad story, but everyone’s got one. You say you want us to kill monsters. Fine, but unless your monster is a man or an army you have to give us a reason to go on this little ghost chase. Stevie here is a little too soft to take money from a senile old man.”
Therefore, she would show up unannounced throwing him off from the beginning. He wouldn't turn her away of course because Loki wasn't raised that way. He'd want to prove himself the accepting host, might offer her tea in some fancy looking cups. So much like his armor and his helm, Loki needed visual distractions.
“Yeah well I like to think I’m a conisurer of good pie, and Gino’s is the best.” Tony said biting into his own helping of the cheesy majesty.
Steve took a few slow sips feeling the cool liquid spread down through his chest. Perhaps that’s all it was, stranger things have happened. Steve reasoned the occurrence away since he was feeling better already, dismissing anything else he ambled back to bed. It wasn’t until a few moments later when he again stirred now with a considerably more painful twist low in his stomach accompanied now by an acute stabbing sensation through his groin, did he realize this had nothing to do with hunger.
“I know you do.” Tearing off a few squares of tissue Tony wiped the omegas face “it’s going to be ok though, how about we get out of here because this tile floor is hell on my knees. I’m no super soldier ya know.”
Steve uttered from beyond the door, “Look there is...ya now what no. I'm not explaining it; I just have to do this okay? Can you just...go to the bedroom and wait for me?”
As Strange made his way the row of armors bowed one by one. He drew the line at hugging Stark though.
Tony felt a little guilt that he was surprised by that. Loki was a teacher - teacher had students and students missed their teachers. Well, he never did, but he was a little asshole and all his teachers rejoiced passing him off to the next grade up.
Loki smiled and greeted each one and at one point he knelt down to give a hug to one rather shy little girl with bright purple hair.
It didn't make it much easier. Steve sat up with him most of the night rubbing his little boys back and telling him they would be behind him. That everything would be ok.
Even so. With all that he's lost, what's been gained had been immeasurable. The lives both he and the creature have saved, people who have left their mark on his life.
Every day he felt a little bit less, no matter how high he managed to hold his head their vicious taunts slowly consumed him. How much longer… until there was nothing left?
"Really? Winter yum?" he said aloud seconds before he was running for the stairs. Dashing to the common area he all but vaulted over the couch in his haste, settling into the empty spot beside Steve.
He paused then eyes closed as he breathed, Steve running soothing hands over his thighs and up his sides.
Steve blinked, coming back through the weird miasma that had settled on his mind, realizing belatedly they were on some sort of plane?
He was surprised when Pepper stopped him, looping her arm with his, “Come on, there’s something you need to see.”
“Let us celebrate more friends!” The big man with the long hair yelled breaking the moment, and Steve looked away feeling his cheeks heat and his heart stutter In his chest, what the hell was wrong with him?
T’Challa guided them into the palace, “Stay as long as you like. What brings you so far from home anyway?”
Tony yawned, eyeing the snow outside the car window lazily. It was a nice night for staying in and cuddling on the couch he mused before checking his phone, Happy navigating them through rush hour traffic. Maybe they could get Italian tonight, he had a craving for chicken parm.
“I’m sorry, but no,” Tony said calmly, “I’m engaged to a man I love very much, and this is borderline harassment.” The young man gave a small gasp as Tony twisted his arm a little to remind him of his predicament.
Moving to join Anthony on the bed Steve realized he was still in his combat books, grunting in frustration, he sat on the edge of the bed instead, unlacing and tugging off his boots and socks. He felt warm skin pressed up against his back, as hot lips pressed wet kisses to his shoulders. He paused leaning back into the contact, enjoying rough hands as they moved across his chest and back, wishing for a moment he didn’t have so many scars…he didn’t have much feeling in the raised flesh and he loved to feel Anthony’s hands on him.
Steve stiffed a yawn as he opened the fridge in search of food, he felt better after a long hot shower. Although he did wish Anthony was back, he knew how he and Strange would often get left to their own devices. Steve knew Anthony didn’t hold with magic, but he did like Strange.
Those rough hands rubbed against his thighs before Tony licked him root to tip, forcing a moan up his throat. He gasped arching into this mouth as it closed around him, feeling Tony hum around him. Steve reached out hesitating a second before Tony grabbed his hand was setting it on the back of his head.
“Alright love?” He hadn’t even heard Steve approach, but the big man was before him and he just wanted to collapse into him. With a quiet moan, he leaned his metal head against a metal shoulder with a small thunk.
He felt Steve shift, his right hand moving between them to press his arc retracting his armour. Tony had programed in Steve’s biometric signature so he could call back the suit if needed. He didn’t even twitch as it disappeared around him folding back into the housing around the arc.
“Was wondering if perhaps it was maybe time to take a step back,” he continued soft and a little hesitant.
“How was your day?” His boyfriend asked dark eyes soft, crinkling around the corners in happiness and Steve wanted nothing more than to kiss him. He looked good, the picture of a businessman at the end of a long day and Steve wished he could be there with him. Wished he was in that hotel room waiting for him… maybe Anthony picking him up in a hotel bar taking him to his room.
The room was brightly lit and decorated to the nines for Christmas, music played over the speakers, as a giant tree dominated the space…and that the room was filled with people.
Surprised he looked at Steve, the big man happily sipping at his Shirley Temple looking ridiculous in that shirt.
At the thought, Steve pulled him closer tucking him against him as he ate, the others white noise around them as he focused on the warm press of his husband at his side.
A groan rattling his vocal cords as he cupped Anthony’s head carefully, consciously watching his left to make sure he wasn’t too rough. Moving his thumbs to the hinge of his jaw unable to help himself, loving the way it felt as Anthony took him so perfectly.
Steve shook his head slowly, he heard a faint click beside him, he glanced at Peter out the corner of his eye the kid was holding his phone up cheeks pink, “Sorry,” he muttered. Steve shrugged attention back on Strange.
Dark eyes went wide in surprise before he was laughing, head was thrown back, and it was everything he needed. Unbidden he felt the memories bubbling up again, coming so easily and readily to his mind; clear and unfettered. It was an odd feeling for him, usually, his mind was so disjointed the memories distant hard to hold onto, these felt so real.
Bucky could only follow helplessly as Steve lead them back towards the sounds of conflict, where Sam was holding off the reinforcements.
Peter did his best to hide behind the bigger man, trying to be as unobtrusive as possible as they navigated the room filled with military uniforms. When Sergeant Rogers said they were headed to DC to see Colonel Rhodes he had not expected it would be at a party that seemed to be filled with nothing but important people.
The rough callused hand moved gently massaging, “Are you sure Steve?” he felt warm lips against his ear, he felt his cheeks heat, happy for the still dark room.
He closed his eyes trying to breathe through his nose as he worked through his situation. He could honestly say he’d never been kidnapped before…he felt a bitter smile twist his lips. Working his wrists again he twisted them further down, flattening his hand and trying to wiggle the cuff off.
Frowning he felt a sting on this thigh, “You got to be shitting me,” he growled ripping his boots off as he wiggled out of his pants; he hadn’t worn any underwear today.
Relief crashed through him and Steve felt his lips pulling as he tried to smile, he was getting better at it. Anthony held out his left hand, the suit pulling back to reveal his trembling hand. Steve slipped the silicone band on, pressing a kiss to it before his fiancée was hauling him up and kissing him senseless.
They moved off down the sidewalk, Tony talking a mile a minute as Steve did his best to keep pace. Tony walked like he had a purpose, confident as he moved, the crowd on the street seeming to part before him, while Steve dodged as best he could, people tended to ignore him.
Panting Anthony stopped bracing his arms on Steve’s chest, Steve lifted his right hand to his face, meeting dark eyes. With a moan, Tony levered himself off his fingers before he was reaching across the bed returning with the tube of lube. Steve moved to grab it but was one more pushed away, Anthony slathering it on him quickly. His breath still panting out, movements frantic and rushed.
“Come on Pep…” Tony whined, he was completely done with work. It had been a horrendously long week and all he wanted to do was fall into bed with his boyfriend. Bruce had left hours ago, but he and Pepper had been held up once again. It was creeping into the late afternoon and Tony was done.
“Not going to last, fuck yes Steve,” one of Anthony’s arms was moving from his shoulder between them gripping himself as Steve steadily lifted him up and down, feeling his own impending orgasm coiling in his belly.
Peter stared up at his ceiling sightlessly. He could hear Aunt May moving around the apartment packing her bags as she sang loudly to herself.
She nodded mutely turning, Peter glanced at him, “So this was the guy that like…” he trailed off hands over his head as he stood on his tiptoes.
The laughter echoed in his ear as Steve moved closer to the women, she was busy with Anthony above her. Using the distraction Steve took his opening, in one fluid motion he was aiming and firing; hitting her in the shoulder. It wasn’t lethal but she dropped with an indignant shriek clutching at the wound.
The breath left him in a rush as the vivid pictures burned in his mind, the hot low thrum of arousal burned in his belly. Feeling bold he arched back rubbing against the hard body behind him. He could feel Tony catch his breath behind him, the arm on his waist tightening a little more.
The picture below was a selfie of James, with a grinning Peter Parker, and stone-faced Steve Rogers in dress uniform.
As they watched the small video play out the photos went from mostly selfies of Peter and a frowning Steve to Steve actually posing in a few. The pictures faded into a video of the pair again, Tony immediately recognizing the interior of the Quinjet as well as the song blaring.
"Thought I'd come by and see about that drink I missed out on last night," he was smiling at him, a sweet curl of his lips that made something hot and indefinable bloom in Steve's chest.
“Hello Steve, how are you?” Pepper answered, tone warm and pleasant. He liked Pepper, she was clever and quick. She had also looked after Anthony, and he would be forever thankful to her for that.
Approaching his lover, he noted the man looked uncomfortable, not that anyone else would notice but Tony did.
"Barkeep! Your finest mead!"  A large blonde thundered banging a massive fist on the bar, Steve stared at him, raising an eyebrow.
Hank hummed looking to the door, “If I’m not mistaken, we are about to have the fabled Winter Soldier pay us a visit.”
Steve looked up at the greeting, meeting intense dark eyes.  Surprised he stared back incredulous, he had honestly not excepted to ever see Tony Stark again. Yet here he was leaning on one arm on the bar, looking perfectly dishevelled in a suit that Steve was sure cost more than his shitty apartment.
The others chuckled, Steve frowned curious, “Halloween?” he grunted out, mind drawing a blank, but the word sounded familiar.
Shouldering his rifle Steve kept moving. As he passed Sam he gave them man a gentle nudge closing the distance between the two. He heard Buck give a muffled squeak, glancing back to see Sam cupping Buck’s cheek tenderly as he deepened the kiss a muffled moan echoing in his earpiece.
Tony groaned three fingers buried inside him as he leaned into Steve’s metal hand, “Steve do you…” he breathed again, seeming to try and collect himself, Steve waited patiently despite his inner voice wanting to push him down and press into him. Anthony was removing his fingers grabbed the lube again he was slicking Steve up then, unable to help the rumble that rattled his ruined vocal cords.
“I want you to fuck me against the wall,” Anthony finally breathed head falling back, as he groaned, Steve watching as his thighs quivered as he pressed his fingers back into himself. It was all the invitation Steve needed. Easily he lifted the other, Anthony wrapping his arms around his shoulders, as his legs went around his waist. Steve carrying him back the wall and pressing him into the unyielding surface. Anthony was gasping, rutting against him, as he begged sweetly in his ear.
He’d already been to six jewellers with no success. Steve had done the research online, meticulously, but he had needed more information so he’d decided to do some recon. Unfortunately, it had not been as helpful as he’d hoped. He would have asked for assistance from the others, but he'd wanted to do this himself. He also wanted it to be a surprise and honestly, they were the worse gossips.
“Where we headed?” Peter asked as he nimbly weaved through the people teeming down the busy New York streets.
, Natasha was dozing in the easy chair wrapped in blankets, while he, Sam, and Buck sat at the small kitchen table. Steve briskly laid out the chain of events that had to lead them to the HYDRA base, as well as their current circumstances.
He looked up spotting a confused looking Tony before the doors closed and he was moving. Leaning back against the cool metal wall he felt a sob catch in his throat. How could he have been so stupid?
Anthony nodded pulling back the amour of his hand reaching up and pressing the concealed release near his shoulder joint. The arm disconnected and Steve took a shaky breath the pain gone.
Steve carried on towards the bedroom hearing Bucky’s question follow him out, “What does ‘ship’ mean?”
Tony was enjoying himself more than any gala he’d ever gone to. The kids were a refreshing breath of fresh air, eager and excited to talk science. He chatted with a small group of them for a long while, more than impressed with their knowledge and thoughtful questions.
Anthony  nodded tugging them over to the bar, Steve was pleased when he passed  him a Shirley Temple.  Sipping his drink he felt a warm arm around his waist as his boyfriend held him tight. Drinking his own cranberry and club, Steve tried to sort through the hazy memories, but they were too distant tonight he couldn’t get ahold of them.
“Steve Rogers and I, are happy to confirm we are engaged,” Anthony was saying smiling proudly at the press; Steve felt his lips twitch. He felt like smiling, but he hadn’t quite got it down yet. It was still more of a snarl and most often misinterpreted by the press.
Steve hummed kissing him then, happy when his lover relaxed into him, “You deserve all the good things.”
Steve frowned at the list before him reading it over carefully again putting small ticks beside the ones that sparked a little interest. Steve had been feeling restless of late, he wasn’t sure what it was, he was more than happy and contented with his life. He was marrying the man he loved more than anything soon, the team was doing well, it seemed they were getting new members every day.
Steve shook his head, the sting was fading to a dull throb, “Keep going,” he rasped as he pressed back. He could feel the strong body behind him shudder before Tony was sliding the rest of the way and Steve's arms finally gave out.
“No it’s not alright, it’s all my fault I was being selfish and I didn’t even ask you…I just went ahead. I’m so sorry Steve.”
Tony slid, moving from thumping his head against the table to resting it on a strong shoulder with a sigh. It’d been a long while since he'd failed at negotiating a deal, and even then, the last time he'd been fall-down drunk. Taking comfort in his fiancée he sighed, glad he’d brought him along on this business trip.
Pepper smiled and wrapped an arm behind him, “You leave that to me. When your ready we will have the best PR team on hand to handle it. Until then, nothing changes.”
Thor still remembered how his mother had swooped in and tugged Loki up and into her arms. Saying they should go tend to their studies as she disappeared down the halls with the small boy on her hip.
Steve woke up early that morning, much earlier than usual and he felt strange. The night before Tony had been tinkering in the workshop late into the evening so Steve had gone to sleep in his own bed. Pepper had come by,  letting him know it was her fault stating “Tony’s got some paper work and a new Stark phone update he really needs to finish up so I can present it to the board tomorrow afternoon”  Steve had assured her it was fine and thanked her for letting him know.
“Fine thank you Agent. The children are quiet proficient in their studies. Very gifted indeed.” Sipping the tea that now just tasted like ash.
“It wasn’t over, but you wouldn’t know that would you Cap? See watching a movie actually means watching it. Not sitting in a room and grasping the concept by osmosis.”
James knew all about perception, how it could be sharpened or dulled, how effortlessly truth could be twisted into a lie. And time? Well, time was whatever the men in the snappy suits said it was worth. That was one thing that had been true back in 38 that was still true today. Some things never change and that's not always a good thing.
Tony grinned and sat up against the headboard. “ Better than Wheaties, although you’re still not at coffee level.”
They didn’t say anything for a while, Steve simply sat there stone faced while Tony wrapped his hand. Finally, the brunette couldn’t take it anymore. “This has nothing to do with thinking you can’t take care of yourself. I know damn well you can, this has to do with things you don’t know about. Things that my old man found out about and never got the chance to check on. Damn it Steve, we‘re friends aren‘t we?”
James nods in silent agreement before asking, “How’s Stevie? “ he needs the distraction, some cute anecdote about the twins or any damn thing to not think about what’s going on a few yards away.
"Right...ok...let um...come on." Tony didn't know what to say so he just ushered the taller man back into the building. It was cold out that night and Loki was barefoot and shirtless wearing something that looked like an old bathrobe and pajama pants.
They needed to make a sacrifice, but not really. Fury couldn’t go taking out an American icon all willy-nilly. It had to seem legit though. The best ops were so deep undercover you never even knew they went down. That’s what he needed.
In the back of his mind though Steve wondered. 'what if she wasn't fine. What if she wasn't here when he came back'
It didn’t take much prompting for the twins to pull out the little masterpieces they had so carefully been working on that morning. Wendy with a colorful butterfly, and Peter a family of cats to represent Natasha and Pepper and there soon to be born baby. The pups took great pleasure in explaining their art and holding it out proudly.
Tony walked over snapping a picture with his phone, “Speak up Mr. Mumbles, we don’t speak marblemouthees.”
Steve rose to his feet, not exactly sure what to say but the worlds stumbled out. “But Fury said...”
He little rolling movement fluttered again under his palm. “Are you two having fun? “He smiled and drummed his fingers over the spot.  “I can’t promise I’ll be the best parent but I do want to try for you two, so take it easy on me when you get here ok?”  The tumbling subsided and Steve wanted to think it was the babies agreeing with him.
Steve paced and finally punched the wall, his fist buried deep in the steel reinforcement behind the dry wall. When he pulled his hand away and shook it - blood splatter on the floor from ruined knuckles.
“No it looks like your giving a ridiculously forceful hand job, J tell me you getting this.” Tony had tears in his eyes from laughing.
Steve glare, “I’m serious Tony, we aren’t getting any younger and I want the twins to experience having younger siblings.”  Steve would never say it, but he also noticed more gray in Tony’s hair and part of him worried. He knew there was a chance that his aging would never quite catch up to normal and that he would lose his Alpha. He would spend years alone missing this man, but he would have Peter and Wendy. Maybe he just wanted more children because it in a way…those children would keep their fathers memory alive.
Pepper merely smiled and ran her fingers through his hair when she'd come down to the Lab with an offering of hot teas and toast. How had he gotten that lucky? Watching her go and meet Natasha in the elevator had warmed something in his heart. Bruce genuinely wanted Loki and James to feel that to, to have the happiness they deserved after all the hard work and trauma they had gone through to make it her.
“I used it. I used Extremis, a perfected version of it anyway. I had to Bruce, it was that or I... no Barnes too, we would both be dead right now and I couldn't abide by that! You know I couldn't do that!” His voice came out forced and frantic and poor Bruce, soft sweet grounding Bruce was holding his shoulders and leading him over to the sofa. “I had to.” He says again lamely as his head drops into his silken palms. He hates how they feel on his now unlined face.
“Well this is just wonderful…” Bruce’s sarcasm was evident as he flipped through the journals pages. “I’m going to go ahead and guess that there are no usable surviving blood or hormone samples from back then. So basically, I will be feeling around in the dark for some kind of super soldier baseline reading.  Did I mention I’m not that kind of doctor, I feel like I say that a lot yet no one seems to hear me.” The biologist looked up over the rim of his glasses eying his friend.
Barnes let out a shaking breath and clung to his husbands slim frame. “You have no idea how happy I am to hear that. I promise I am going to do everything I can to be better for you and support you through this. If it's ever too much you let me know?”
Sitting out on the balcony with his thoughts, he almost hadn't heard the glass door slide open behind him. Turning his head he to great his omega James immediately stoped seeing the look on the ravens face. “Babe you ok?” There was no trace of upset along there bond which made the alphas worries rise. Was Loki hiding from him again or... no, he could feel it now, a steady hum of excitement.
The scratch of the alphas facial hair against his cheek, neck and chest. The smoky scent of cologne and oil that balanced into something so comforting. It felt like home. “Tony…”
“Steven.” The older man sighed as if terribly annoyed, “This is far more important than those stupid creatures, do as I say.”
The thought of Peter being shuffled between Pepper and Happy, Bruce and Natasha,  then back to a father who wasn’t emotionally present enough to care for him more than a few days at a time. At the same time, it made him angry; Tony knew what it was like to grow up like that.
Her face softens a fraction, “I know. I'm taking the week, I'll be back to work next Tuesday. Oh and Tony...don't play with Steve like you did me. No one deserves that.”
Loki regarded the outstretched hand, he did trust his alpha. He was just afraid. He didn’t have the energy for charms nor had he been taking any Midgardian means of birth control and now his body was forcing this awful heat upon him. A horrible thing that would turn his body into a coffin yet again.  “James. Please… I…”
Tony sat back in chair feeling slightly better knowing he had someone on this that wasn‘t wholly incompetent. (Not that he would ever compliment Barnes' intelligence. Can't have all that going to the old mans head after all, wouldn't want to get over excited and rust.) Scrubbing his hands over his face, Tony called out to his AI to dig into the SHIELD servers and pull out anything that had AIM tagged in the last year. It was always better to be over prepared than under prepared in situations like this. If that meant scanning, every tax return and Micky D's receipt then so be it. “Store that on my private server, I‘ll want some light reading in a few days.”
Glaring up at the ceiling he trying to remember how to breathe, having not felt this helpless since back on that ratty cot in Brooklyn. They haven't had enough time it would never be enough but not now. “Tony, no please...someone please... Bruce ...please…” He doesn't now why he's begging or what the hell anyone can do because even now, he can feel Tony slipping away and there's nothing he can do. Steve can't even be there to hold him. Tony... his alpha is out there alone and dying and he can't do a damn thing to stop it.
“So this is already on the radar then…of course it is.” Tony would have been foolish to think something like this would have slipped past Fury and his singular all seeing eye.  “ Buckster I want info on this but…well its that time again if you catch my drift. Sure you understand when I say my attention is going to be a little divided for the next week or so.”
Truth be told, becoming a super human killing machine hadn't been his highest aspiration, but if it was a means to an end then he'd take it. Just like his new affiliation with Hydra, the shadowy organization shared many of his own beliefs and could get results where he and his band of misfits had seem to fail.
The faint light in Tony’s chest was blazing bright and it bulged beneath the skin of his chest. The young man cried out reaching desperately  for his father.
Systematically, each of the ravenette moves became more violent. The longer it took to cut through the Hydra forces the more rage lay on the omega's face. Even Coulson's team had to be sure to get out of the way, lest they be caught in the crossfire. The fact that Loki came into this not knowing that some of his victims were androids was troubling because he was clearly out for blood. It almost seemed to annoy the man when he realized that a number of Hydra's forces were not flesh and bone.
“Yes, I have something for you. I just want to say, that while I know our courtship has been brief it has meant the world to me. You have come to mean the world to me.” He held out his hands to show the tone bound in thin braided kelp. It’s length perfect to drape around her neck. Waiting for her to accept the token felt like ages. Loki watched carefully as her eyes met the brilliant light of the stone.
He has to reach out to Loki, something in him that sounds suspiciously like Sarah Rogers – pushes him forward.
Steve struggled to answer the Ai’s inquiry, “F-fine.” he knew what this was now, what it could be and he just needed a few moments to wrap his head around it. Maybe compose himself a little more before getting help.  It was still so early and there was no need to wake anyone just yet, not when it would take hours yet before things got unbearable.
The only people Steve had welcomed had been the other pack omegas. Pepper had taken on a strangely maternal role; however, the more Tony thought about it he supposed it wasn’t that strange. How many years had Virginia Potts been ordering him around and keeping him out of trouble?  Yeah, so maybe Pepper was a “mom” type.  Ever since Steve had opened up to the team, the other omega had quietly flanked him. Offering kind words and solidarity.
What he wanted, or more accurately, who- was lying in the next room being poked and prodded by SHIELD’s medical team and there was exactly jack and squat Tony could do about it.
Steve sat with his head in his hands. Still processing everything he had seen, the man he once loved so consumed with hate and rage. He knew how this would end for Tony, how it ended for any man who feel that far. This would be the one thing that could destroy Tony Stark.
Stark looked at the flushed omega with hooded eyes. “I wanna know how sweet you are all over Steve.”
The omega’s fingers flew across her Stark Pad looking over additional information gleaned from SHIELD’s database and a private source. Ignoring Tony’s comments toward the inappropriate. “They know the identity of the Winter soldier. He is, or I should say was… a friend of the Captain’s from back in the day. James Buchanan Barnes, otherwise known as “Bucky”. Apparently he was a member of Captain Rogers’s team - The howling commandos; before Barnes’ supposed death. It looks like he’s now working for Hydra.”
She was right of course, the twin were immediately engrossed in their own ice cream and quieted down. Loki was already internally cringing at the sticky mess on both children’s faces. At least it wasn’t on their clothes yet.
Tony’s eyes went wide, and man did he need to reign in his mouth sometimes. “Holy shit that’s like a baseball.”
The familiar voice causes Steve to relax, “Can you tell me what’s going on with the…bubble?” Steve said gesturing to the wall.
He had always said he was going to wait for the right partner. It felt right with Tony, but what if the inventor did not feel the same?
Barnes pauses on his way and takes out his phone, “maybe I could call Jane...see if Thor's in town.” Tossing the idea around of asking his brother-in-law of getting Frigga to come for a visit. Loki always seemed to perk up for his mom.
Tony stood there and held those talented hands, “I hear you sweetheart but you need to trust me on this one. I've got this.”
“This is ridiculous,” Loki hisses as he moved closer taking the baby from the girl’s arms. He meant to scowl at the twisted little face, however the child looked up at him with red rimmed pale eyes and began to quiet down. Anthony turned his little face into the prince’s chest and snuffled and whined. Little hands reaching weakly with wordless please. Loki offered one of his fingers for the pup to grasp.
You did not know me, i never expected you to. It was worth all the realms to even speak with you for a moment.  To see your smile, a smile I'd dreamed of for centuries.
“Tony stop this, you’re being reckless and it’s going to get you killed. Then what will happen to Peter? I know you’re hurting but you can’t do this.”
The inventor snapped his head back and pushed away any lingering wishes to bend his omega over the nearest surface. This was serious business; Steve was not feeling well …no mater how sexy the side effects were.
Typically, Alphas tended to gravitate toward louder things that are more energetic; hence, if you looked at the music lists of some of the other team members you would find typical patterns. Not to say that everyone liked at least a few good ballads.
Skillful touches worked along side that genius mouth until Steve was keening shamelessly  and felt his mind whiteout again. If this hadn’t felt so good, he’d have dammed Stark to Hell and back.
“Phil…Phil are you there? Bruce said that Loki’s …” Natasha voice was a little late as Agent Coulson looked to the center of the battle and saw a shimmer of gold before the man in question materialized.
He marveled at how relaxed Tony looked, breathing steadily and clinging to Bucky the same way he did Steve, leaching off body heat as the engineer was prone to do. It was the most beautiful thing Steve had ever seen.
“Loki.” She called out to him and slowly her hand reached out in his line of sight.  Watching wearily as she placed the intruding appendage on his own cold shaking hands.  Her skin felt warm and soft, but he could still felt the strength there just under the smooth rose petal surface. Like his mothers hands.
“Ok angel I suppose I can forgive you.” The alpha replied, sneakily warping his arms and legs around the blond like a clingy octopus in an effort to drag his wandering omega back down into the bed.
“Damn it Stark...” Steve smiled to himself, “You’re all the same, charming devils with soft little hearts.”
“With all due respect. Sir.”Phillip straightened his back and regarded the other man. If Nick thought he was going to imply his loyalties had somehow shifted. Well in a way, he was right. The fact was they had shifted but not in the way that the other man thinks. If anything this odd little miss matched, family that Coulson has fallen into has made his profound convictions even stronger. “If I thought for even one second, Stark or Loki would be a liability or a threat to my family or this country. I would put them down myself.”
At first it was just little snippy comments here and there, followed by an oddly apologetic god of mischief. Then it got weird.
“I do not even know how to care for him. How to see past the memories of her.” Loki admitted as he shifted the little one in his arms. Tony had now claimed his finger and gummed at the digit passively.
If he could simply angle his mind in such a way that he would not remember Steve’s face, the sound of his voice, the texture of his hair, the way his skin smelled and tasted. The recognizable pattern of his footsteps. All the little things about that man that had become so ingrained into his life.
There wasn’t enough to destroy, enough blood to spill to wash it away. Fury had been trying to contact him for the last three days, Tony just sat here motionless in what was left of a bombed out village somewhere in the middle of nowhere Europe. He wondered if this was what the Great War was like.
Most of all she hates him…that child, though the child is now a man who looks much like the foolish mortal who begged for his life. That child ruined everything for her. She could have been queen, could have everything that little slip of a mer was going to get and more. She could have had Thor.
It only felt like a second when Rogers’s blinked open his eyes, god he just wanted to roll over, smother himself in the pillow, and forget about that horrible thing called work. Alas, that was not to be. Therefore, the Captain sat up rubbing the sleep from his eyes. Looking around with a yawn at the white walls and glass enclosure…wait a minuet. What?
James rolled his eyes, “Right wouldn’t want to get Stevie's  panties in a wad now would we? Okay I’ll bite, How the hell are ya Tony?” Not that Barnes actually thought this was going to be a social call, unless hell had frozen over. On the other hand, maybe Natasha had gone back to the tower and shared her concerns with the rest of the pack? That was an option, though he liked to think her discretion would have at least extended to telling Stark not to call and pester him. Cause honestly if the man was about to give him a lecture then he was going to go over there and jam a boot up that spoiled brats behind.
A achromatic variant of the Iron man suit, which was now not really a suit at all, hovered just a few feet from the ground. Barnes found himself backing up and out of the way, not wanting to be in proximity of this final showdown between powers far beyond his own imagination.
Looking back on it now, Barnes felt awful for the argument. Fighting before a mission was always hard; repeatedly the alpha swore he wouldn't do it – promised himself that he'd contain his frustration. He had failed; Loki had this weird ability to always draw it out those snide remarks and cutting stares. Then again, James would be remiss to blame this entirely on his omega, Loki had been teetering on some weird precipice for days of nearly saying everything then saying nothing. Watching as the ravenette missed more work and almost as many meals. All the while James was left to try his best at being supportive but not hovering. Loki hated being treated with kid gloves but it was hard not to when he looked like a strong breeze could carry him away.
James sighed gratefully as he adjusted Loki in his arms. “Yeah Jarvis, Is the Doc around? Or Stevie? I need some help here.”
Natasha set her cup down and watched the pronounced thrum of the vein in the omegas neck, his pulse is high... nervous but doing a good job concealing it otherwise. This didn't look good, he was being evasive which considering who she was dealing with it could mean a multitude of things.
“Here they come, Tony air support, I’ll take point on ground, Phil, Clint, Nat flank and try and thin out the first wave.”
Steve had thought that being this way had been a match, he could finally do the things he wanted and protect people, he could be apart of something greater. Right now, he felt just the opposite, now he just felt the whole world had grown too big in retaliation to his unnatural body. Everything was to wide-open and it felt cold, he didn’t fit here just like he didn’t fit back then.  All he knew how to do was fight, that’s what they needed  him for - all anyone needed him for.
It took some talking to, but Loki reluctantly but agrees to let Bruce run a few more tests. He was just so tired of feeling like he was floating on this endless wave of sadness. Maybe that talk with Steve had loosened more than just a few tears, because from that morning on Loki actually spoke when people tried to engage him. He learned a lot of things from those little conversations now that he was willing to listen.
This confession had the inventor frowning and looking the omega over, now that he thought about Steve did look flushed and tired. Two things he never was, although lately things had been hitting him a lot harder than usual. With nightmares and insomnia, Tony knew how little sleep the omega was getting at night. The naps during the day helped some but this was the first time Steve really looked like he was exhausted.  “Wanna elaborate on that for me?”
“He's right James.” Phil added. “You have to take care of yourself. “As they say, 'secure your mask first before you help someone else.”
Rockwell’s fingers slid down the brown manila folder in his hands, looking up at the young alpha in front of him, “You know you look a lot like Howard.”
That was probably the cruelest thing Tony had ever said. While his AI butler may not have been real, the sentient helper knew well the concept of care and affection. In his own way, Jarvis exercised those emotions to the occupants of the tower. To Tony, Peter, and in his own way the mourned the Captain’s loss.
It was an early Thursday morning and Loki was getting ready to leave for the day. Kurt had called him the night before and asked if he might be available to help chaperon a class trip. Apparently, it was career week and they would be accompanying a group of older students to SHIELD. While Loki wasn't exactly wild about the idea of these impressionable minds being guided around Furys' domain, he could appreciate the practical value in it. After all, some of these kids would have a challenging time in the civilian sector. Not to mention they would have other individual who had similar experiences to bond with and the opportunity to make a difference.
Steve didn’t say anything, he wasn’t up for an Omega pow-wow at the moment but he didn’t want to be rude. Finally Pepper spoke again, “So, why are you up here and not beating some sense into your Alpha?”
The older mer growled, “Your name means more than you realize! I told you not to worry what naysayer’s may whisper because I wanted you to have courage and confidence. I know that I never told you to throw everything away frivolously! You are a prince! You are the eldest and only grandson of the king!”
“It wasn’t just that though was it Pep. You like to say it was your fault cause you called it off but the truth is I can’t do relationships. I don’t know what’s wrong with me, maybe its some repression shit from Howard…who knows. Point is I never could put you first, Steve doesn’t deserve to be treated like that.”
Female Beta -----Lady parts ! ( less fertile maybe more diminutive personality)Female Alpha -----Both, Masculine genitalia more prominent, (Think Futanari kinda on this one ladies and gents...did i mention how much i like that? i do..)
Loki feels it to, feels James and the bright bloom of pain in his shoulders and back. More and more pain as he lowers the mental shield he usually keeps. He needs the information despite the pain. James is afraid and that in itself is just wrong because Loki likes to think his Alpha to be as fearless as they come. He can't just stay here sitting on his hands, he won't become like Steven. Not while he has a chance to do something about it.
Rogers what the kind of man who liked to see and touch everything, he’d dismiss anything that didn’t fit into the firm black and white constructs his mind had given him. Perhaps it was because the military was all he had; all he knew was order and fighting for a cause. It shook him to be back at home with nothing to do and now to learn that all this time. The world around him was only cloaking another world. An underworld with monsters and strange creatures that could easily kill a man. It made him think of the stories his mother used to tell, she had been from a country that believed in such things. He remembers vaguely her sprinkling salt in the door jam, and how a week before she died… a magpie had been on her window seal and she cried. This was all hard to take, but in the end, it was a mission. Steve needed a mission, they all did.
Phil pulled out a phone and taped away at the bright screen that scrolled with various information. All to fast for Steve to get a peek at. “He’s closing in on something big, the bases and sleeper cells he sent Stark to before were just smaller parts of the whole. The idea was to get Hydra and Aim running scared.”
Suddenly, the glow in the mermans chest flared like fire and the blast sent shock waves through the water. Steven had just managed to raise his shield when the light grew tremendously to almost blinding.
the words of a great playwright. While Loki found most of the mortal Shakespeare's' work to be exemplary, he would like to point out to dear Sir William, that no – it was not better.
Wendy snapped to attention, her twin not far behind as the little ones marched exaggeratedly to the elevator, Loki following close behind holding their little overnight bags.
Loki had a fairly good poker face however, taking a few more bites and trying valiantly not to drain his water glass too quickly.
They couldn't blame a guy for trying...well maybe Tony could cause all of the subsequent gifts tended to ruin things in his Tower. Natasha, while not instantly interested...wanted to see how this played out.
Tony, as cautious as he was these days was in the private elevator and headed to the secluded back entrance where the enhanced security had already directed the official looking car. He sincerely doubted this was Fury on another of his little ' fact finding' missions. That man would have shown up in a helicopter like fucking James Bond.
When they made it back to Head Quarters, Barnes took both folders in hand and shooed Natasha away, “Let me handle this, you get home. Don't fight me on this Tashka! “ He warned pointing a metal finger to the doors.  “Go home.”
“I smelled pie when I got off the elevator, I'll assume Steve's been here.” She said leaning in the doorway.
Them who find delight in the chaos and thrill in the pain, they sit with that evil and make friends with it. Wearing terror like a cloak, they move through life with manipulation and aggression. Persons who have never wanted to change, narcissists who see nothing false with themselves and only the flaws in the world around them.
"Go get your fella Stevie. As much as I appreciate everything you've done...well I didn't know about you and Stark." Barnes said gesturing to Steve. He hadn't realized it until their 2nd night in Wakanda that something was off with his friend.
Steve followed him out having tugged on the nearest pair of lounge pants, “Be careful Tones, don’t act reckless and listen to Coulson!”
When James really thought about it, the last year they only seemed to find time for each other during Loki's heat and the few weeks after were always tense because...the one thing they could agree on wasn't working.
There was a soft thud and a curse from below the tractor before Stark slid out. “I’m gonna put a bell on you.” the brunette admonished.
Speaking of this job, it was soon since his last trip out but Ms. Hill assured him that he really was the foremost man for the task. Barnes suspected that was because Steve had put in for family leave. That last thought sending a mild pulse of mutually pleasure and pain through him.
The episode lasted nearly 20mins, leaving him exhausted and numb. All Loki wanted was a cup of tea and a blanket, as pathetic as that sounded it also sounded amazing. He scoffed at his own domesticity, “how very mortal.”
The alpha threw up his hands, “You can pull this stubborn shit another time but right now! We are going to the med floor where Bruce and Jemma can get a handle on this in-case anything goes wrong.”
Tony ran the gin soaked remnants of that New Years over and over in his mind and with what bits he could string together – other than Maya being quite the athletic little thing in bed – which he didn't think had anything to do with a project, he was drawing a blank. “Little Foggy on that.”
Howard had secured the cradle in to the ships tiny cabin and tried his best to comfort his fussy new born. Little Tony cried when his father jostled the contraption about getting it onto the boat.
He took the little image triaging over the outline of his children with his fingertip. “Do you have any pups?”
Steve couldn’t sleep; it was going to be hard enough to share a room with Tony considering the things they had said to each other lately. That wasn’t the only reason of course, there was more - more that the team didn’t yet know about. Truthfully he wasn’t so sure they really knew what was going on between them either. Such a fragile thing, unexpected but not entirely unwelcome as it turned out to both men’s surprise, had begun. Even so, Steve felt torn. Tony should have let him in - told him what he and Bruce were working on. Maybe if he had known…. No, no it wouldn’t have changed a thing and Steve knew that. There was nothing that could have changed things from culminating into the grand mess that they currently had on their hands.
The omega found himself leaning against the wall with the water pelting his back. He hated this, hated feeling this alone, it wasn’t fair and it wasn’t right. However, he’d done this to himself hadn’t he?  He should have told Tony no, should have waited… should have done a million other things.
Tony felt like he was meeting his father for the first time, this was a man was younger than he is now and just starting out. This wasn’t the Howard Stark that called his name with a drunken slur and barked angry orders at his mother. This man was someone with hopes and dreams, so unsure with his future but excited to see what lay ahead. Suddenly Tony felt cheated out of getting to know this man, what had changed so drastically to take away the hope from Howard Stark? To turn him into the dark figured that stalked through the halls of the old mansion yelling and smashing decanters of bourbon against the walls.  What breaks a man that much that when he’s put back together, what’s left is just... a mess.
This was only the first step if what the doctor and midwife said was true. Anthony's heart and lungs were weak and even if he survived the next few nights - that would be a miracle.
Since coming back to Midgard, he had learned a great many things. Some better than others, some useful – some not (Social media was completely asinine). Out of all the things he had picked up among the mortal world, one phrase that kept coming to mind was '
The couple had slept into the early morning, or at least James had. Loki on the other hand had remained quietly awake, back turned to his alpha. He did not shy away from the arm that draped around his waist or the and than searched for his. There was no need to upset James after all; the poor man had been away from home so often lately. Why should Loki ruin his first day off with such trivial matters?
The final nail in the coffin, Natasha’s eyes caught a subtle shine of black that quirked her lips into a smile. A black widow spider made its way across the floor and disappeared as if into thin air.
Even when she was breaking. Even though she knew she hadn't long for this world. She needed to make sure he was ready, he would have to live alone in this tiny apartment and somehow move forward.
Hence, it went just as she had planned, approaching the quiet man and flattering his intelligence. It was clear Loki had never had a female set her sights on him. It was no surprise when the prince was seen faltering for a moment under her affection. Amora knew she had him then, such a love starved little thing turning to her light like the corrals open to the sun raise filtering down through the depths. Growing, reaching for the gold heavenly body in a dry arid world they would never know.
"What show was that?" The soldier asked, despite the niggling in the back of his brain saying he wouldn’t want to know. He hid his worry well, he hoped it was just going to be something foolish like ‘oh the building that fell on you’ or ‘the explosion that sent you flying into next week... literally.’ those were things he could deal with. Things that could be resolved and he could go home to his family.
Natasha had to admit, the mer were in trouble and she could see from her vantage point that there where children among them. The fact that they were not human, at least not entirely, meant nothing in the grand scheme of things. “I’m with Steve, I can’t watch anyone die. We get down there and with our weapons, we might be able to turn the tide. If we do then their leader may be more cooperative with us in finding the one who killed Stark's kid.”
There had to be a sacrifice play to bring things back around. The righteous cause needed a face upon their banner, a fire to light in the hearts of those who still wanted to believe. However, the fires that burn the brightest are found in destruction, the sad fact that out of tragedy comes solidarity.
That’s what Bruce said. It wasn’t as if it was new, before the serum, he’d been told the same thing. He was too weak, too broken to be able to have a family. Therefore, Steve never even entertained the idea. It wasn’t really a loss in his eyes because he never thought about it to much.
Then it all seems so clear, he's always longed-for this hasn't he? Always thought he could be more than this. It was a natural progression wasn't it? Keep up or keep out, he'd toyed with the idea of bio-mech for years but something always held him back.
“Don’t be a scaredy catfish Bruce!” Tony said slipping easily through the porthole of the sunken warship.
Steve Lifted the mer into his arms and was soon breaching the surface. The young man groaned and head lolled side to side. Stark's kid was in grim shape that was for sure. Weather or not it was from the battle raging below or something else. Steve would have put money on it having to do with the light glowing in the youths chest. Speaking of...what that light getting brighter?
The two feel into a companionable silence as they prepared lunch for themselves and the twins. Tony looked over his shoulders at the kitchen table as Wendy squealed in delight.
The cold bit at his cheeks and stung his damp eyes. “Fifteen hundred miles, I went that far to see you when I heard about the accident. All night long on a plane trying to get there because I thought…” He swallowed down a sob; he had to say these things even if no one was listening. “I thought you might want to see me, that if I could make it… that maybe one time it would be different. It wasn’t though, I didn’t even get to say goodbye. I didn’t even know what the nurses where saying… did you even ask for me?”
“What happens when he starts leveling back toward an omega spectrum?” Tony asked, heading headlong into the elephant in the room.
“Yes.” Natasha agrees but  thinks over what the other alpha just said. She's never heard Bruce acknowledge anything about giving Loki a physical. Something like that would have come up, Bruce always likes to talk about his day when doing little mindless tasks around the house. If not with her then Pepper, a thing like having Loki in his Lab would have been a fairly notable event.  “Just give it time. Put in for some leave maybe?”
Natasha scooted closer, Loki really had changed. This man cared so much about how his actions influenced other that it was killing him, he had so much remorse for the past and was breaking underneath it. Loki wasn't thinking of himself, he wasn't being as selfish as he seemed to think he as, if anything Loki was being very very ...human. “What are you doing that you think is hurting him?”
It warms Thor's heart to see his brother smiling softly as the Captain shows him how to bake something called a 'Peach cobbler'.
Even when Loki had reached courting age, he tended to shy away from large parties that most Omega of his standing would demand. As much confidence as he could exude standing tall in his leathers or robes. He was good at it, the best (in his not so humble opinion) at appearing every bit the grand shining prince of Asgard as his golden brother.
Still, wandering place to place, chasing down a cure for the creature he so foolishly - unknowingly unleashed.
The words ran around in the omegas head as the sun rose outside. What about hope, could they find a bottle of that? Or maybe another life all-together? Was there an option to return who he was for a slightly different model? There was no way to correct what was wrong with him so easily was there?
Now Steve and Tony sat in the newly renovated med lab of Avengers tower, well… that’s not entirely accurate. Tony is sitting and grumbling over having to fill out paperwork - which he thinks is some archaic form of torture.
It wasn't long after waking up from their joint nap time that Bruce returned, with Stark who was eyeing him dubiously. Loki almost wanted to point out that he hadn't baked the child into a pie or fed him to a gorgon..whatever it was the mortal assumed he may do.  Yet alas, his dear little doctor would have frowned greatly upon that so Loki minded his manners - just this once.
Smiling, the prolific inventor made his way down the exit ramp through the private garage and gently waved as the back door lifted from the car and chair headed out. “To what do I owe the pleasure Professor”
They didn’t know… they couldn’t know. Natasha, Tony couldn’t even look at her anymore. She had been with Steve, she who was an assassin- THE Assassin - if you asked any of the avengers. She should have noticed it was a trap, should have done something. Tony never said that though, not directly anyway. The billionaire did his little passive aggressive little song and dance. He always said just enough.
It was a difficult subject to broach but it needed to be done, so with a heavy heart Bruce sat down with Steve , Tony and Bucky. The former two there mostly for the benefit of the later. Natasha was currently with Loki and Pepper was with all of the kids with the help of Clint.
There was also that dark feeling lingering on their bond. Anxiety and loathing that just made him grip the steering wheel a little too tight and if that cracking sound was anything to go by...they now needed a new steering wheel.
The former Queen was directing mothers and their pups down through a hidden escape route beneath the thrones. She looked out to her people and her family and felt her heart break for them. “Jane, do as your husband and king command…please.” She called out to the young siren and beckoned the girl with her out stretched hand.
Tony could map every inch of that man just from memory alone. He could tell you Steve’s favorite spot to be kissed, and how sensitive the backs of his knees were. The little ticklish spot below his navel, Tony knew all of it.
The siren watched as the human returned with a bundle of blankets in his arms. She’d never liked infants, but found them useful in many of her ploys. Young children were stupid be them mortal or mer, they could be convinced of many things and would follow those they trusted without fail. They made perfect little subjects.
He had to keep his head up just a bit longer; it would get better the way Kurt said. He would get over it and maybe then, when looking in the mirror didn't hurt so much he could tell James. Look him in the eye and tell him how sorry he was.
“Clearly you haven’t ‘popped’ anything in a while then. I find it works wonders in most situations.” Tony defended, waggling his brows.
Of course, Steve was right. There Tony was spread out dramatically on the sofa absolutely dripping with lamentation. It was funny in a way because Tony Stark never did anything halfway. “Tony.”
And Joanna… she couldn’t handle his baggage, the nightmares…the depression.. The dark nights when all Tony wanted to do was put a bullet through his brain. She didn’t sign up for that, and he couldn’t force her to try because really…he had never tried for her.
“Must have been beautiful, I remember watching the sun come up in the summertime. My ma had to work early so I'd get up and try to fix her something to take along. It was nice, the rare quite before the city came to life. Though, I guess it's a little different now'a days.”
Fury nods and looks over photocopies of documents recalling the incident, “So, mama’s little boy grew up bitter, hated everything the government stood for and then some.”
“Yeah me. Oh and Steve helps too and all the rest of our action packed squad. Remember?” Tony said as the armor faded from view once again. “If Barnes and his Bae want to share info they will, until then you an the MIB there can kindly go fly a kite. K?”
“You would think so… unfortunately I tend to have a lot of those. Amazing how I bounce back to the man you know and love isn’t it. I am truly remarkable.”
The word hung heavy around the young sirens heart, “So much for an easy first week as royalty.” She shook her head and muttered.
Some days...it's just hard to breathe and he curses himself for that weakness because Loki has never seen himself as weak. The mere thought of it is an aberration. He stood shoulder to shoulder with warriors on the field of battle; he could weave spells that could bring foes to their knees. Grown men had wept for his mercy.
Thor: I like clydesdales and I can not lie ... u know my brother doth deny .... that when that pony walks in after the drinkin begins ... and sticks that big thing in ur face ... I get SPRUNG .. cant help but spread my buns ... cause u know I want my butt stuffed ... deep in the hole Im barein ... Im hooked, assless chaps Im wearin ... OOOOH Trigger, I wanna get witcha ... and take some pictures ... My brother tried to warn me ... but with those leather reigns ... ME SO PORNY
Howard needed to come up with something better if hoped to prolong his son’s life. What that something was he didn’t know. Everything was dependent on something else and with the millions of moving parts, something could fail. Something could cause his boy’s death in an instant. One error and he would be powerless to save the only good thing he had left in this world.
Rogers closed his eyes trying to think his way around this. The twisting feeling returned and seemed to radiate from his stomach to his back.
The crew cheered enthusiastically when they saw Steve bobbing on the surface. That was until the Captain and his cargo was surrounded by glowing light.
(Howard hated every single creak of the floor and whisper of voices in the manor sometimes. Later, Tony would realize that then his father had been doing a lot more than just board meetings and golfing, Howard had been dealing with Shield and stress of being director of the shadow organization. Even knowing what he knows know Tony finds it hard to forgive those harsh words and even harsher hands that on occasion backhanded him onto the floor in a fit of pique.)
Not to mention, Tony felt like a bug under glass, Steve deserved someone on the same level. He would never be able to gather the omega in his arms and carry him - unless he had the suit on. He would not be able to make Steve feel sheltered and protected. Hell, he had problems on his own that Steve didn’t need to have to deal with. Not with all the worries weighing on the soldier, right now. Still, Barnes was dangerous and Tony couldn’t just stand by and watch Steve get hurt.
".....Fuck....fuck fuck fuck..." Bruce ran to the elevator trying his very best to keep calm. "Take me up Jarvis. "
“Go back home and just talk to him Steve, but don’t forget to listen to him too. You’re both going to have to learn how to give and take because children are smart little beasts who can smell your weakness and will divide and conquer. Trust me I know that much.” Phil smiled and patted Rogers’ leg again. “You can do this, you both can.”
Through their research Loki had noted several institutions that had complaints ranging from abuse to sex trafficking. He passed along the list of said locations to Stark. James was sure every single one of those places would be raided by dawn.
“Sugar buns…I…” Tony stark flipped up his visor and looked dead at a very pregnant and half-naked omega. “Um…Steve, did you rip another shirt honey?”
“Oh I know” the alpha smirked and barried his nose in his mates neck. “I'm going to take full advantage of that and makeout with you everywhere.”
Still, the more he reflected about it the more the agent felt like it might be time. They needed to sit down and face the conversation that he'd been putting off for far too long.
“No I do not. However, I would like to point out that had the reactor or major systems failed there would have been a back up terminal failure signal sent to my servers. Sir is alive, and my on-board systems are functioning.”
Tony brushed aside the words and held out his hand, “Then I’ll show you. All you have to do is hold onto me”
Romanov schooled her features, “stop blood flow huh. Well your not wrong, carry on boys.” she said taking her leave, whispering something into her com link on the way.
“I wouldn't be too offended buckaroo, Petey pie was super excited about watching the dogs poop at the park just last week so...” Tony quipped from where he was gathering up the kids backpacks.
“Come on big guy.” Tony prompted feeling the shiver run through the blond after having the gland examined.
The throbbing music filled the workshop as the place came alive in salutation to its mechanic maestro. This lively greeting was actually a standard welcome home setting for each time the inventor was away from his “first children”.
On the contrary, there those born of darkness itself, something that no one can interpret or comprise. As much apart of their makeup as the color of their eyes or the sound of their voice. The soul itself...is tainted.
The Asgardian clapped the Captain on the shoulder with a hearty laugh, “Not to worry brother Steven! For my own brother is also of a fair nature and he is a fine warrior!”
“Indeed, that is how it works. Provided you have something worthy enough to trade. You see magic is a fickle thing, depending on what you want I may have spent more of my craft or less. The price must equal reward and cost and value are very different.”
“This is all very interesting honestly, the thickness of your skin for example is different to ours and even Thor's. I suspect that may have to do with your peoples indigenous habitat. Cold climate adaptations on so on.  As far as any physical issues that might be causing problems.. I can't say I see anything alarming other than your current weight. That is obviously stress related.” Bruce slipped off his glasses and sat down in front of the couple.  “I wish I had better answers for you guys I really do, unfortunately I don't have anything to compare this data to.  However, I can say that a lot of your internal structures are very similar to a humans and because of that I have to consider things like the Stress  I mentioned earlier.  Anxiety  and Depression are not something to be taken lightly, our minds and emotions can have a huge impact on how the body works .”
Banner turned the fuming male around and looked him in the eyes. "If you go down there and do anything then Tony has won, he is trying to tune you up. Don't give him the satisfaction."
Loki agreed and swam away, leaving apart of himself behind…perhaps now there was nothing left. She did not love him and maybe…all the love he had for her was in that stone because he could scarcely feel a thing with in him. Perhaps, it was better that way.
“Steve, honey I think you need to sit down.” The alpha said flipping up the armors visor and laying a hand on his omegas shoulder. The comforting touch however was swatted away.
Bruce nodded running his hand over the ancient looking tomes Thor had delivered from Asgard. “A little bit. Think I could give you hand today?”
Now he can't understand what took him so long, because this? This is perfection; this is that better living through science that his old man always talked about.
“I do need to get up though; sore or not I’m not using a bedpan. You’d never let me live that down.” Steve eased up again, this time masking his discomfort.
Steve didn’t say anything about that, just walking into the closet and moving over a few of Tony’s sport coats to show the palm scanner. The system recognized him and the door popped open. It broke his heart to see a stack of picture frames, a jewelry box and his shaving kit inside. Pepper was only trying to help.
“We got ice cream, then watched a movie 'bout ponies, then we had dinner and Unca Loki le'me have a big girl cup and I didn't spill or nothing! And today we had breakfast and I got eggs with cheese and then Unca James le'me ride Duchess. Did you see papa? Did you see?”
“To late son, should’ a stayed home by the fire.” Steve said as he proceeded to throw the snowmobile and rider.
Loki couldn’t help but weep; it was as if something inside him that had been holding so tightly snapped under the pressure. “It is my fault… I was not strong enough, I was …I was not enough.”
He could do it now; he could lock up the suit and let someone else fight the bad guys for once. He had monsters under beds to vanquish and the alphabet to tackle, and as crazy as it sounded that was important. More important than anything. Steve supported the idea, of course he wanted to be sure it was really what Tony wanted to do and not what the engineer thought that his husband wanted.
“What…” Howard felt the blood drain from his face as the siren lean backward over port side. Tony still in her arms. “NO!” he screamed as the Siren slide backwards into the water with a splash. He ran to the side tugging off his jacket. This could not be happening. He looked out into the dark see where the ripples departed into the rolling waves.
This wasn’t right; it should have never been like this. Tony was a realist and at least a part of his mind had planned for the inevitable but not like this. He thought he would go first, a life spent living to excess finally catching up with him. Not Steve, never Steve.  Not his Captain, his leader, his lover, his friend.  It should have never been Steve.
Still he chalked it up to lingering sleep and pushed himself to get a cup of water from the bathroom taps. Steve made it to the entryway before the first slight twinge in his stomach gave him pause. His hand met the doorframe as he flinched, the sudden cramping sensation curling in his gut . He had skipped dinner, it was possible that was the root cause, and had to be it. With his metabolism the way it was- skipping meals often lead to some mild discomfort.
He knew she would do it, that’s one thing he could always count on with Widow, her word meant something - especially her threats.
“If I may suggest, it appears that there has been an addition to the Vargas menu. A Tuscan Chicken Pizza. Perhaps you would like to try that to see if poultry might be acceptable to your sensitive olfactory.”
When he arrived home, his scent was so mottled from sweat and the city smog it was hard to tell on his own if it seemed sweeter. Tony would have been able to tell, but he was down in the workshop with some backed up work from SI. Steve didn’t want to be a bother so instead he just showered and thought he’d fix himself some lunch and hope his stomach would settle on its own.
All through school it was more of the same, the constant stress to over achieve. He would sit for hours and yank his hair trying to will the thoughts faster. Then he figured out the saudering iron really worked better.
Steve shook his head and smiled at the thought of the little girls eyes sparkling at the sight of the midnight blue vehicle. So much like her father when it came to cars, Tony's rule fell by the way side on nights when Wendy had been fussy and only a trip around the city that never sleeps- was the only thing that would sooth the pup.
The lie smith seemed to accept this, leaning against Barnes back, “I Love the weather …don’t you dear? Sooo Wintery gets me all…”
“There ya go princess, now, which clips do you want?”  Tony asked the little one pulling out the little box of clips.
However, much like the age-old tale of lovers denied, the pair would not be deterred. Admittedly, they hadn't thought this through and now their chickens were home to roost...or at least the egg.
It had been 10years, 10 long years of fighting in secrete to end all of this. After the accords...after Steve couldn't come back he promised that when he did things would be better. That he would have made up for the pain Tony felt that day.
The whole situation was completely fouled up. From the moment the soldier had woken up in custody Barnes had been combative with mere moments of lucidity, it was hard for Steve to watch.  Even harder for Tony to see the omega’s destroyed expression.
“Looks like I have no choice then. Should we get some air Captain?” The agent put out his hand for the other man to clasp. Rogers did so smiling, clapping one of his large palms on the suited man’s shoulder.
Tony ended up not quite scoring, but he did get much closer. The make out session on when they arrived home from there afternoon at the ballpark had ended with both men panting pressed up against each other on the penthouse sofa. Pants open and groping each other desperately. Who knew sporting events could cause such excitement.
It had already been a very busy morning for Steve who woke with the sun just as he does every morning. After tending to the animals, he would gather up fresh eggs and bring them in to start breakfast. Bread would need to be baked and oranges squeezed. They had been low on milk so Steve hoped they wouldn’t notice the absence of the pitcher on the table. Tea and juice would have to do. There had been just enough meat left for his step-siblings and their father - Steve would be doing without today. Not that that was unusual - the young boy had learned to take the scraps and make the most of what he had left.
Stark found his feet and before he knew it he was practically running out of the workshop, not even waiting for the elevator, taking the stairs two and three at a time. Not even considering the how far up the penthouse was from here, nor was he congratulating his own physical stamina- so that was a win. There was only one thing on his mind, Steve, the kids, home.
Steve did not sound fine, the slurred speech and thickened accent did not project fine in the slightest. Tony tracked the location of his com and redirected his flight path. “Yeah because that sound’s reassuring… I’m on my way old man.”
This was the end game, the all or nothing play that would bring a century’s old foe to its knees. There was going to be collateral damage.
Bucky laughed loud and long, “Oh yeah, I get my ass beat by a pregnant omega. That’s justice right?”
“He’s not going to know.” Steve said flatly, as he accepted the cup. “I’m not a child or his property; he doesn’t need a status report.”
So he played the good son, if a bit difficult at times, he carried on as if everything was fine. That's what you do when it's all about appearances. Unfortunately, nothing can be beautiful and clean forever, eventually the cracks start to show. His carefully crafted walls could only take so much abuse, after years of feeling less than - he broke.
Loki heard the car before he finally dragged himself out of bed to see who was outside. It had to be just a lost passerby, he had been careful about finding this place. It was dank and abandoned in the endless blocks of urban blight. No one would find him here and perhaps that's what made it so appealing in the first place.
This wasn't just enhancing what a man had in his heart- this was perfecting and creating. This came from the mind and the human mind was one dangerous place. James knew that better than anyone.
When Colonel Rhodes woke up he was laying alone in a field. Tony’s AI speaking through the remaining systems that War Machine currently had intact.
It seemed odd that the little boy never asked for his mother or his father, it was also odd that when any man tried to calm the child he suddenly went stock still and flinched from the intercepting hand. That last bit really broke Bruce's heart.
If Steve had to march through the mud and the mire of places like this, sleeping in fox holes while bombs whistled overhead.
The child lowered his eyes with a sad smile, tears glistening on his cheeks. “Faith in my self?…oh Thor..” It was then his lips trembled and he ran into his brothers arms.  “You really are the biggest sweetest idiot in the whole of the nine realms.”
As the mini sub sealed closed and lowered into the rough seas, Bucky did his best to keeps the ship level -he doesn’t like it but knows he would slow them down and he’s better aim with the ships artillery. If the looks of the dark pool were any indication, they might need him.
Wendy looked over at him momentarily and he held a finger to his lips. She smirked and placed both hands to her moth with a nod, pigtails bobbing in agreement. She looked every bit of Steve but all that personality was his. They were going to have their hands full with her that was going to be sure. Tony wouldn't change her for the world.
“Is it something I did?” the once soldier questioned, finally catching the barest hint of pain from the ravenette, holding on a little tighter to try and force that hurt away. Loki had already suffered enough, they both had.  Feeling that bitter tug along their bond hurt, and more than that- it scared him. James had seen first hand the state Loki had fallen into while in Asgard. He ever wanted to see that deep of a decline in his mate ever again.
“I thought you had a date.” The alpha said tersely crossing his arms and fidgeting before he continued his left-right trek in the narrow alcove.
He knew coming back that people might not understand, he just hoped Steve did. That if one person understood; it would be his best friend.
Laying down the moniker of iron man was challenging. Tony wouldn't lie and say it wasn't. It was one of the most difficult choices he had ever made. He tried before and could not stick with it for very long, there had always been something to pull him back into the fray. He couldn't do it when Pepper begged him, when he lost his home and nearly his own life.
Coulson picks up his cell phone at 2am, he already knows its not something he's going to like. The agents that had been watching the group that Romanov and Barnes had been surveying a few weeks ago just reported a sudden night departure.
“Tony stop!” he shouted. He glanced over to were Natasha was holding Clint back from running out and joining the fray. He waved his hand for the bay doors to be shut. He had to do this alone; no one else could get hurt.
Perhaps that knowledge was the horrible truth of it all, as much as James liked to think they had both come so far – they were far from whole. They were damaged people trying desperately to mend each other. It was a valiant effort and even with the progress they had made, you cannot fix what you do not understand.  For all their similarities, they were still very different people. James saw failure as challenge; he'd get irritated and fight for better. Loki saw failure and internalized it; he'd get furious and blame himself for not being better.
The alpha’s fingers dances across the ivories and his voice croons gentle words. “Smile though your heart is aching. Smile when your heart is breaking. When there are clouds in the sky, you'll get by. If you smile through your fear and sorrow. Smile and maybe tomorrow…You'll see the sun come shining through for you..”
Steve also had his own list to go through, taking his leisurely days checking them off one by one. He learned so much in those first few days that it was almost overwhelming.
Steve wasn’t quite in full heat yet, but Tony suspected that the push of o-estrogen had put the omega in that dreamy stage . Which considering were Steve was half an hour ago - half drunk on all the dopamine that was likely flooding his brain was far better.
From the corner of his eye Loki caught a flash of red hair in Stark's office. Natasha was speaking in hurried tones over the communications link to the field team. His keen hearing picked up the alert from Coulson's team. Things where out of hand, more Hydra soldiers had arrived and Barton had joined the fray. More troublesome than that however, was that communications with Stark and James... were down.
Maybe he shouldn't have come when Steve called, maybe he should have known better when he was facing off against people he called friend. Maybe he wouldn't have ended up locked in the RAFT.
“Don’t worry, we’ll get you comfy.” He said, casting an appreciative eye over the omega. Tony would be lying if he said he hadn’t wanted to see more of the good Captain since they had been seeing one another. However, he’d kept things slow for Steve’s sake - sensing his normal ‘Stark charisma’ might not have been well received. Further, if the Alpha was honest  - Steve meant a lot more than his usual conquests. That was a fact that sometimes terrified him to no end.
Tony walked a little slower down the hall, he knew who was behind him and maybe that made his swagger a little more outlandish than usual. After all, he had someone to impress. He wore those tight jeans today for good reason. Stepping around the corner Stark almost made it past the broom closet. Almost.
“We have to go! Something is happening down there! If we say we all die! Do you thing Steve would want that?” She said gripping her lovers flesh arm. She cared as much about Steven as anyone but she knew if they rushed in blind none of them would make it out.
When they returned from the tower Steve needed to go chop wood and do other manly things. Loki, wasn’t that upset, and decided to in fact eat the ice cream and watch TV with Pepper. She loved Ally Mcbeal. Thor, well he was completely horrified and immediately called Jane to ask if she was ok. The idea of someone so fragile bleeding from an intimate area for days on end - seemed like horrible suffering.
So a few days after the press conference, just after sundown; every house, apartment, trailer, and so on; from the most modest dwelling to the most lavish - placed two white candles on their window ledges and turned out all the lights for one hour.
The other two men nodded. “I think maybe Bucks right, I should have thought about that. Steve won’t do it.”
Bruce looked at the test results, the chemical reaction for each solution due to the given hormone found in the sample was clear. “He’s progressed too far to stop it, but given the symptoms and his levels now I’d rather not try and wait and see if he balances naturally. I’m worried that even with the serum the stress could be too much since - essentially the serum is attacking his body.”
Still, they decided it could wait. Bonding was more successful during a heat and Tony wanted to make sure Steve was healthy as far as the omegas hormones were concerned. The idea of causing his future mate any undo discomfort really upset him. Therefore, they would wait until Steve had at least two more heats without trouble.
Cap had that skill from time to time. To look like he had to carry the weight of the world on his shoulders. Like it was some raw compulsion to examine and re-examine everything and somehow make it his fault or something he should have been able to prevent.
“Nah, Brucy bun might say he's not our little first aid scout, but I think he likes it. Deep down inside his gamma radiated heart he loves putting band-aids on our booboos.” Tony said, thinking that now he'd probably never need a band-aid again.
“Miss Romanov gives her best, she is leaving now as she has a lunch date with Miss Potts, and Director Coulson has arrived with a clean up crew and is currently at the medical van with Mr. Barton.  Captain Rogers has not reported back.” The AI replied putting up a few surveillance images from various street and vest cameras of the team.
“No… no please, anything but that… he…he will be furious. Please I beg of you for the safety of my child, as well my own life. Call Prince Thor.”
Apparently, for Pepper’s birthday Tony had set her up a private “dancing in heels” lesson with Yanis Marshall. The ceo decided to invite Natasha and Loki as she considered they would be the only other occupants of the house who might actually find it interesting.
He chuckles brokenly at her use of the term, “I'm not god...I'm a monster Agent Romanov. I am paying for my sins and unfortunately, James is as well. I was short sighted in my desire to him and selfish in my love. He should not have to suffer for me.”
If providing food for an omega made Tony puff up a little – he tried not to show it. He didn’t want Steve to think he saw him differently or make the other man feel uncomfortable. Contrary to popular belief, Tony Stark does in fact have a heart.
To make things worse, Barnes realized the electrical shock had fried his com link. By the looks of the armor, he assumed Stark wasn't fairing much better. This was worse than what they had anticipated. “Why the hell is he so damn strong, you said this stuff worked like the serum? Physical perfection is not a fucking fire breathing monster Stark!”
I feel myself go down and it’s weird, poor Tony -I’m not exactly a little fella anymore.  Everything goes sideways then, I can hear JARVIS calling out numbers and other things and then my head is in Tony’s lap and Bruce is there saying he’s not ‘that kind of doctor’ not that Tony ever listens.
"Sweetheart I could never hate you. Is this about you and wade? Peter listen you know that your dad and I would have rather you two waited but we understand."
“I have a son…” Thor spoke the words and they felt foreign on his tongue, this wasn’t how he imagined this day. Still, if it was blessed by the Norns then it must be so. “. May I hold him?”
The Gala had been exceptional as it was every year. Fine food, wine, decorations, celebrity guest lists. The avengers all enjoyed the evening  and smiled for the cameras.
Not knowing what else to do Bruce pressed on, trying to convey the seriousness of the situation. “I don't want to have to ask Barnes if I can, not while your coherent. However, if I think you're in danger and you won't let me help you I will.” Bruce hated the idea that Alpha's still held the right to deny or allow medical treatment for their mates. With all the social advancements they still had a long way to go.
Now everyone was shutting up cause this looked very serious, Pepper looked nervously between them. Hoping no one was dying, cause you never knew considering how the lot of them lived.
“Hell no Tony don't you start that shit with me.” The soldier snapped. “You are going home even if I have to drag you back in a muzzle you got that!”
His alpha laughed brightly as he cracked a few eggs over a skillet. “Yeah, or he'll call Logan and the old man will call me and read me the riot act for not takin better care of you.”
Snow swirled through the air like one of the tiny globes that that sat on Peter’s dresser. Only this was real, there was no smiling Mickey in his wizard ropes orchestrating a parade of straw brooms. No Lady Liberty in winter, this was not a dream one could shake in the palm of their hand and turn the music key underneath.
Everything about you drew me as a moth to flame, even when i knew your fire would extinguish far sooner than my own. Still... I could not back away from that cloying glow. I wanted you..even when it hurt.
Any question he may have would be answered soon enough as the mage slipped through the sliding glass door- phone in hand. He looks surprised to see his mate standing there in the kitchen holding a glass like a piece of forensic evidence.
