The judge knocked his gavel loudly upon the wood and the noise reverberated through Steve. He stared blankly at the judge’s podium as the information slowly trickled into his brain. Behind him, Tony angrily yelled at the judge but his voice was muffled and echoed. Steve did not have enough brain function to understand what he was saying.
?!” Tony’s horrified voice instantly distracted Steve from the couple before him.
Schmidt smirked and ripped the implant out of his arm.
When he finished, he breathed heavily and kept himself hunched over. Natasha let go of his hair but one hand slid down his neck and she lightly caressed his back.
“Moving on,” Tony said then groaned as he pushed himself slowly inside. Steve tensed as pain and pleasure hit him all at once. Tony dug his fingers into his thighs and grunted, “Relax, relax Steve.”
Tony hummed in agreement then stopped rubbing his cock against Steve’s as he pulled back. He slowly trailed kisses down his thighs and murmured, "It'll be easier on you if I take you from behind. You should turn around."
So he turned to his pet project: recreating the super soldier serum. Over the years, he had dabbled with the same gamma-radiation that had perfected the boy. He had not been looking to create a Super Soldier from pregnancy this time however. He was trying to make one from a perfectly normal human, like himself (though Norman was in no way normal, his vast intellect put him way above the inane populace). He originally was going to test it on his son but his boy had no intelligence. It would have been wasteful on him.
Steve chuckled and lightly caressed his fingers down Tony's cheek. He whispered, “And good morning to you too, sweetheart.”
Cable’s back was to him so he figured the man didn’t notice his upset. However, he had been too focused on Tony’s image to see Cable glance over his shoulder at him. The deep-set frown that seemed chiseled into his face lessened slightly and he thoughtfully looked back to the reactor.
With Venom he felt stronger and faster and more invincible.
Steve fell to his knees and grasped Tony tightly and frantically whisper, “Tony??”
Steve ran inside, repeating into the phone, “Tony?!”
It was at that moment that the trap was sprung and Venom’s entire body exploded.
He’d originally was accepting of it.
“Hey, squirt!” An all too familiar voice said.
Tony grabbed his hand and clutched it to his chest. He stared at Steve as if he sprouted two heads. But the worst part was seeing the change in his eyes. Steve had grown used to the warmth and trust in his gaze. Chaotic hurt  replaced it.
Tony jumped to his feet and hissed, “
Uncle Bucky frowned then said, “Your pops wants to make sure it is really her then you can see her.”
They moved slowly with the music and literally simulated what it was like to gently make love standing up. Panting shallowly, Tony continuously ran his hands over Steve’s chest and back muscles, he thrust into Steve’s thigh, and rubbed teasingly at Steve’s erection whenever possible. At breaks in the music, they’d either pause to catch their breath or steal a kiss.
Bucky led them down open basement stairs along the foundation of the building. The door at the bottom looked old and the light over it was broken.
he was so hard to resist.
Steve got to his feet and hissed, “What aren’t you telling me? Is Peter in danger?”
what this meant to Peter. Pops knew how much he wanted to know about her but he still left Peter behind…
He jumped a train.
Jim and Dum Dum lowered Tony to the floor as Howard jogged back over. The AI didn't seem to remember what happened so Howard explained, “It’s palladium poisoning. The reactor is barely held together because the core has practically disintegrated and, unfortunately, that mean its waste went into Tony’s body.”
Rhodey and Clint demanded answers but everyone else watched in shocked silence.
Could his father…?
Bruce went back to analyzing his data and Tony drew Steve to his lab as they awaited any results their friend could come up with. They cuddled on the couch and both of them actively avoided looking at Peter’s workstation.
Tony wasn’t expecting Steve to fall to his level nor was he expecting the intense kiss Steve gave him in response.
“Cheetos, got it,” Wade said in quiet voice, still shocked. He shuffled out of the room and Steve chuckled lightly. Peter, meanwhile, looked from his boyfriend’s retreating form and then to Tony, smiling like it was Christmas.
It hurt thinking they were strangers again on Tony’s end…but the hurt was overshadowed by the overwhelming joy he felt knowing Tony was alive.
Steve blinked a few times and then turned bright red. He stuttered, “W-What?”
“Is he going to live??” Tony demanded, grabbing the laptop violently.
Steve scrambled out of the ring, his legs catching on the cords in his haste, and ran to Bucky’s side. There was a partial half-moon shaped cut on Bucky’s lip where Natasha bit him and blood flowed freely from the wound in a thin line. Bucky stared blankly at nothing and made no move to stop the bleeding or stop it from dripping down onto his shirt.
(See the end of the chapter for
The shooting stopped and she drew her gun close to her person.
“Yeah, easy-peasy.”
Tony paused in kissing him and looked him dead in the eyed and seriously stated, “I love you, Steve Rogers.”
,” Tony breathed his name like a plea and clutched at him to bring them closer together.
“Yeah, yeah,” Bucky sighed and went back to the duty of slicing tomatoes.
“We’ll have to watch a video of the speech later,” Howard whispered, grasping Maria’s hand. She leaned into his side and they both looked to his son as he stubbornly glared at a spot in the crowd that wasn’t them.
The breath caught in Steve’s throat and his chest seized so tightly that his heart couldn’t possibly beat anymore.
His uncle nodded then pointed his hammer toward the Tower and was shot in the direction of the battle. Peter watched him go then looked to the fighting at the skyscraper’s base. He was too far away to differentiate between the quarreling figures.
Steve was trembling and breathing shallowly. The knowledge that it was Tony’s hands touching him made his touch ten-times more powerful.
, well,
“It will be fine!” Steve promised and turned into a full on sprint.
Tony grinned and said, “That I can do. I will take
“He only wants to understand,” Steve said, pinching Peter’s cheek. Peter playfully pushed at his hand and Steve said to Natasha, “He does not remember much so he does not understand your anger.”
Tony’s hand shot out and grabbed Steve’s arm, he whined, “No, don’t go. I want to post-ejaculate cuddle and then use your smelly lubricant to get some penetrative sex going.”
Her instructor was swathed in dark clothing with only his head exposed. He was a handsome man with loose brown hair. His steely blue eyes met hers and their timers went off.
With a hard expression, he turned around and strode out of the elevator. Pepper, Tony, and a few of his lawyers stood near the main desk. Partitions had been raised in front of the windows blocking their view of the outside to keep the reporters from looking in. He could hear them however, their clangor was loud and constant since he stepped out of the elevator.
“Can you tell me more?” Steve asked.
Bruce immediately took skin samples, simple scrapings that did not draw blood. Peter only murmured in discomfort.
“Yes,” Tony stated, crossing his arms over said chest.
He reached out to her, gasping, “
“Tony! What are you doing here?” Steve gasped.
Natasha was already backing up but was running away as James turned to her. Her worst fears were confirmed. She saw only black in his eyes. Her James was nowhere to be seen.
He wasn’t a young baby anymore but had to be one or two-years-old.
Peter nodded, unable to verbally answer by the constricted wail in his throat. He knew if he opened his mouth he would start sobbing in earnest again and he could not let that happen. He had to be strong, just like he promised Pops he would be.
Steve smiled sadly at him and whispered, “Thanks again, Buck…”
“Yes, but they are locked in Bruce’s lab,” Steve called out to him and sagged in relief. Peter was fine and Jarvis was going to be okay. He could not imagine what would happen to Tony if they lost the AI. Jarvis was family to him.
And live Tony did. He survived surgery without anesthetic, he survived torture, he survived starvation, he survived losing a friend, and then survived the harsh desert.
“Yes, thank God,” Pepper said, turning to the Scarlet Witch. “Can you unwrinkle all of their clothes, fix their hair, and then get rid of the hickies on Tony’s neck?”
He could see annoyance in Steve’s eyes, no surprise there. It seemed like it was an automatic reaction for both of them when their eyes met but…that wasn’t the strongest emotion.
“I wanted to show Bucky the bears,” Steve replied.
Peter’s eyes broke away first and he stared at the ground. He wanted to get to know Tony. He wanted to know who this man was. Yet, actually meeting with him was so surreal that Peter was afraid to approach him. Tony Stark had been his idol, a charismatic genius and amazing superhero. Never in his wildest dreams did Peter think he would meet him or any of the other Avengers. Nevertheless, Tony Stark was his father and Peter had yet to come to terms with that factor.
! There was blood and
“You said you thought it best to call you Sneaky though,” Steve reiterated. He asked curiously, “Do you have another name?”
He wasn’t ready to let him go.
The boot up felt like the longest of his life. He stepped back into the suit and watched the BIOS systems run through all the vital needs of the CPU. He felt like he was watching a countdown do his execution.
Tony sighed and turned to Steve. He laughed, “It looks like Peter has himself a big brother!”
The way he’d been acting made so much sense now. Her mate would not act without orders. His interactions with her were limited to what his master had ordered, to train her. The only deviation was when they first met and he asked her to go against her orders…what if he did that only to keep
Steve ran his hand over Peter’s comforter and, out of nowhere, Bucky’s words came back to him.
“The suit was disconnected at 8:07 a.m. Eastern Standard Time from the third charging unit in the main laboratory at the Avengers Mansion. Two hours were spent there and then there were an additional 5 hours of travel time before we reached the destination.”
He scrolled through his contacts and then pressed the call button.
“Do we have any intel on the Soldier’s last location?” Coulson asked.
“We don’t know if this signal is Hydra or the Soldier,” Steve stated.
. We can’t be a family without you.”
“Colonel Rhodes,” the President called out to him. “Glad to see you make it, son. I feel safer already.”
Stark sighed and said, “Well then…tell Fury I’ve simply been ‘quiet’ because I am busy. The Tower’s reactor is going to connect to the grid in a few months and, since I am an anal perfectionist, I want it to go off without a hitch.”
“Goodie, do you think he’ll let me take out the Iron Man suit for a test run,” Wade replied dryly.
He said the name like it truly was his own. Later, Tony would reveal to Steve that Edward was his middle name and he merely omitted mentioning his last name when telling Peggy his name.
“You went to him and abandoned your son,” Natasha growled from the passenger seat. “That is something, not nothing.”
He turned his eyes back to Wade, who was waiting his reply with a cocked brow. Grinning, Peter replied, “Sure.”
Their eyes locked and both of them seemed to realize what was happening at the same time.
started it! You are not missing it over something so trivial!”
Shivers went down Tony’s spine at his tone and his fingers dug a little deeper into the mans ass.
for Steve.
Steve gargled for a retort and tore Tony’s shirt up to look at the wound.
Tony continued once Steve caught his breath and his coughing cleared. He said, “But we can’t be chaste either. We’re going to have to be affectionate. We’re going to have to touch, always be in each other’s personal space, and…kiss. If you don’t want to, you still have a chance to back out now…”
Steve smothered his mouth with a kiss before he could finish.
“Shoot!” Peter put down the glass and hurriedly said, “I left him in one of the guest rooms to take a nap. I should grab him!”
Tony ran back to his side and yelled, “We have a transport van with the same alarm playing waiting outside! Can you stand?”
? And you have his cell??” Tony asked aghast.
With Steve’s next exhale, he let out a pained noise.
“Morning, P –,” his dad started to say.
The words sent a chill down his spine but what scared him more was the way Steve went still as a statue behind him. Tony’s fingers dug deeper into Steve’s flesh as if he could keep him tethered to Tony and safe from whatever this new future had in store for him.
Steve glanced around the room to see if there was a computer or phone he could use to contact his family but he was not so fortunate with this factor.
“Sounds like we’ve got another Captain America in the making,” Tony commented dryly.
Tony flew to Colorado as soon as he heard of the failed attempt to get Steve.
Steve waited for him outside and waved to him as he landed beside him.
Mary ducked her head and murmured, “You’re being nice. I have some wrinkles that have cropped up over the years.”
“Steve!” Tony hissed, the sound of the shield breaking the glass broke him out of his shock. He moved with Steve as he fell and worriedly touched him. “
Peter audibly inhaled sharply and clutched his chest as Venom restricted his breathing.
Tony chuckled, imagining Rhodey sputtering already and then murmured to himself, “Then I’ll have to find another name other than Captain…It’s probably for the best, no one can live up to the great Captain America…”
Norman’s horrifying revelation was disturbing but when Jarvis alerted them, saying Peter had jumped of their balcony, Steve crumbled beneath the two stressors.
He and Solo stuck an odd, unspoken deal. Solo taught him how to live out on the streets and about the new century he found himself in without question. Steve protected Solo from the less friendly homeless and from his own mind.
“I am much older than all of you combined,” Thor murmured with misunderstanding but he made no move to peer past Clint’s palm.
“It says we win the War, Sir!” The corporal cut in excitedly.
“We will have your bail posted within the hour,” one of the lawyers whispered in his ear as he was being pulled to his feet by the corrections officer.
Steve’s fault.
Steve blushed and murmured, “Y-Yes, I have…”
The father reached across the divide and tightly grasped Steve’s arm. Steve fearfully looked up to the Father Michael’s gaze, but he saw no disgust or contempt in his gaze…only a weary sadness.
There were only two people who had access to Peter in SHIELD Medical and had been there when Venom first took him when Peter lost the dog-tag…
Tony groaned and sat up on the cot. He asked the Winter Soldier, “Did you get any sleep?”
Steve was taken to an empty bathroom and he quickly changed out of his civilian clothes, into his Captain America uniform and clipped his shield onto his back.
Tony pulled out his hand and Steve moaned from the absence. He was about to beg for him to return them until he saw Tony pouring the lube on his cock. He grasped his cock then positioned himself at Steve’s entrance. He looked up and saw Steve watching him.
And so was Steve’s heart.
She turned sharply on her heel and did not say goodbye as she stomped out of the room.
Tony fell onto the couch beside Peter and said, “I deny all the rumors. I did not fly into that building. It was all CGI and photoshop. You can ask Steve. He’d vouch for me. Steve!”
Coulson nodded down the hall and stated, “The running shoes down the hall…They’re not yours.”
“Master Parker has wakened, Master Rogers,” Jarvis interrupted just as Steve felt the prickly ends of Tony’s goatee against his lips. Steve shot back and Tony groaned and dropped his head onto Steve’s shoulder.
Vision wordlessly bent down and scooped the larger man into his arms. Vision and the agents moved with Wanda, keeping their guns pointed at the figure floating in front of her.
“That –
“Wha-!” Natasha couldn’t help but gasp, yet, she was too slow to make any move to stop him.
His legs quaked but he was not sure if it was from his healing fractures or if it was because of the noise Tony made when he dropped his pants.
He could not imagine a future without him.
Steve didn’t need any more permission and dug in. He ate one slice of plain toast first, nearly swallowing it whole and then more reverently took a sip of the coffee. It felt so good to finally get something in his stomach.
“You or your husband probably did not notice but Oscorp is hanging on by a tiny thread! We’ve had to abandon dozens of labs! And a few years ago, SHIELD informed me of the Hydra infestation in several of them…I had no part causing Peter’s pain. I swear it.”
And thinking was the last thing he should be doing.
The last of his drink tasted sour as he swallowed it but Tony did not pinch his lips. Instead, he pinched his eyebrows and questioned, “What do you mean?”
Steve nodded absently. The most secure bases were in Nevada it was the most plausible choice.
They stood in the wreckage of their living room, their hearts heavy and bitter from the senseless loss of both the peace of their new home and of the attack in their city.
“It’ll get you data!” Tony sing-songed and he broke through another firewall.
The elevator door slid open and Steve stepped inside. He turned back around to see Tony peering at him particularly.
Tony left the Winter Soldier chained to the ground and staring off into space but, with his door open. Tony went back to work on his suit in front of that open door.
The entire scene was surreal to Steve. It was like he was watching himself and Bucky again. Tony was reaching out to Pepper just as Steve did to Bucky. Pepper was barely holding on just as Bucky was. She could fall to her death and have the same look in her eyes that Bucky had.
For the main ceremony, Ben took Peter home. Tony wished he could join him but he was Steve’s husband and he needed to be there with him until the very end.
Steve folded his discarded clothes before putting them back into the bag with his other traveling items. The last thing he put in was the Iron Man toy. He had taken it out of the jacket and peered at it for a moment before lightly kissing it on its tiny head.
pages.”
When Tony returned to his side, his frown was a little deeper but he had his mug at the ready and his eyes zeroed in on the hot water in Gabe’s hands.
Tony, Sam, and Rhodes had the prime spot on the couch to watch the event and they were all analyzing the android’s flight path and while drinking. Tony was enjoying a club soda while the other two were drinking beer.
As Peter pulled at the leaves, Bruce immediately knelt beside Steve and watched the toddler’s every move. He too was dressed similarly to Steve but he wore shaded prescription glasses and had his thick, unruly hair tucked away in a beanie. He lift his notepad and asked Peter, “Is there a reason you wanted to look at this particular plant, Spidey? Was it the bugs maybe? Or other spiders perhaps?”
“I love you too,” Steve cupped the back of Tony’s neck and leaned in, staring hopelessly at him. He pleaded, “So stay with me.
Steve’s entire body froze so quickly that he skidded to a stop. A chill went up his spine that was eerily similar to the same freeze of the cold waters of the Atlantic that had frozen him.
Tony smiled warmly at him and was already imagining kissing and touching him again. His addictive personality seemed to have latched onto Steve and he wanted to use him all up and keep coming back for more.
“Did someone follow us?” Tony asked.
“Good morning, beloved,” Tony whispered and lightly kissed Steve’s lips.
“Dad, Pops he-he-,” Peter struggled to gasp.
He wasn’t ready.
Wade laughed from his unbridled joy, just once because tears were forming in his eyes and if kept his mouth open he start to ugly sob and no one wanted to see that. Peter was alive. He hadn't killed him. Wade pressed his forehead to Peter’s and whispered, “Love you.”
“—and he was so strong…so stro—.” The speech he had prepared slipped from his mind like leaves to the wind and he stared starkly at the people before him.
The Hydra agents all looked to one man in particular and he nervously stepped forward, saying, “That would be me…”
Steve smiled sadly at Tony and whispered, “Your suit isn’t here, sweetheart...”
“Cap! C’mon, Cap! I need you with me!”
Steve’s eyes sparkled and he repeated, “Stuff?”
In his entire life, he’d
“Oh, but there is a way out…” The Goblin looked to where Steve, Tony, and Peter stood and then laughed, “I just wanted to see your faces when I destroy your timeline and lives right in front of you.”
“What!?” Howard whined, “They need to expand the group’s abilities, not their numbers! I’m just trying to ascertain Edwards’ worth!”
Tony held out the paper to Pepper and stated, “Perfect as always, my dear.”
asked,” Norman scoffed. “The doctor is a very private person and I will not bother her…especially when it is with people she does not know or…” Norman looked pointedly at Steve and his smile curled more. “Or it is with people she holds no relations with…”
Their winter wedding was glamorous, and the reception was insane but that was to be expected of anything hosted by Tony Stark. All their friends came and the only cameras to record the proceedings were their own since Steve expressly wished no reporters have any part of their wedding. His son, 5-years-old and their ring-bearer, had blast as he ran between the adult’s legs with Harry Osborn. Norman was invited too but had declined to come because of health reasons.
Tony’s instantly creased in confusion as his brows shot together and his eye widened. He suddenly smiled and said, “I did not know you had it in you to joke, Capsicle.”
Steve flushed and whispered, “I thought we were keeping it a secret until…”
“I’m here, Peter,” he called out to him as he rushed over.
“…And I’d be alone,” she replied, kissing the pulse point in his neck. She continued, “I was nobody…just a puppet, before I met you. My world has changed too, Stepan-not-Stepan.” She said the name with a wily grin and cupped the side of his face.
Steve wordlessly made space for him on the rubble and Bucky leaned into him.
“No one would fucking listen to me!” Wade angrily countered. The outburst seemed to have shocked Peter silent and Wade sighed sadly. He gently grasped Peter’s hands and explained, “They all thought I was lying when I said your life was in danger! They were my tenth stop! Even mi familia de X Force rolled their eyes at me. They thought we were just having relationship problems and I was being overdramatic!! I was desperate!” Wade grasped Peter’s arm and whispered, “I tried to save you myself, baby boy, but they were too strong for me…I cannot survive losing you again…” Wade embraced Peter and buried his face into Peter’s shoulder as he gasped in a broken voice, “I can’t…”
Tony's eyes warmed with the endearment. He lifted his hand and cupped Steve's jaw as he whispered, “Good morning, beloved.”
Peter snorted and replied, ‘No one.’
A cold barrel was pressed against the back of her neck and she froze in response. Her hand, however, tightened on her pistol and she flicked the safety off.
“Jarvis, lockdown the lab and do not disturb us unless the world is going to end!” Tony gasped, his lips were only free because Steve stepped back to pull his shirt off over his head. Tony also took the moment to tear off his own shirt. His lithe muscles on his chest were outlined by the light blue glow of the arc reactor in the middle of his chest. Steve bent down and placed a kiss into the middle of that warm glow.
The little boy’s head snapped up and he grinned happily at Steve, repeating, “Oh knee!”
Before the couple reached him, however, Pops got to him first and enfolded him into his strong arms.
still.
“Are you okay?” Steve whispered, gently placing his hand over the glow of Tony’s reactor.
Without his direction, Jarvis contacted Pepper and it was there Pepper found him.
Steve put the newspaper on the bedside table and then snuggled into Tony’s side. Tony automatically wrapped his arms around him. Steve’s eyes were drawn to the scar on Tony’s stomach and he lightly traced the white line.
Peter looked horrible, his skin was near-translucent and so thin his face looked more like a skull but it was him and…and he was alive. Breathing, shallowly but breathing all the same.
"Not to mention my arm practically fell apart after the snap so I was down a limb too," Bucky chuckled.
“I’ve been telling you for years to ask him out.”
“Steve,” Natasha growled, turning slowly back to him with enough grace and lethal force akin to a jaguar.
The man, Harold as stated by his name tag, put on some glasses and peered at the list. He nodded and said, “Yes, yes…and….yes, we have all of these. I just need to go into the back to retrieve them.”
“I’m fine,” he lied and grunted a little when they moved forward. “Where are you?”
Coulson put a hand on his chest, stopping him, like Cable expected him to. Coulson stated, “I cannot just let you go without more clarification.”
“Nah, little trick I learned when restoring cars,” Tony said. “It’s easy on the metal but gets the rust and other contaminants off good. It’ll do for now…can you open that can for me?”
They slept for only a couple of hours before they were woken suddenly.
“It was practice and we learned from it,” Tony replied, when referring to Steve’s freak out at the end. He slipped his hand off Steve’s face. Thinking about Steve’s reaction, Tony chewed on his lip and then dropped his own eyes. He murmured, “Listen…when we are kissing…if it gets too weird, just imagine someone else.”
It was Hydra that had him.
He wished he could touch him…to feel his warmth and the beating of his heart. He wanted to hear his “hourly” reminder that he loved Steve and then Steve would wholeheartedly agree to loving him as well. He wanted to hold his hand or…even go back to simply pinching his arm again. He’d be willing to even just look at him…watch him from afar if that meant he could visually confirm he was alive.
Tony frowned at the redhead and she raised her eyebrow in return.
“Hey, buddy. You can’t sleep here.” Steve’s foot was nudged and he snapped open his eyes and sat up just as quickly. A tired looking, police officer was staring down at him in predawn light.
The darkness claimed them both before Steve could formulate a reply.
But apparently, Steve and Tony falling in love was a game changer and they were forced between choosing to stay together or changing the future…a future in which Steve was tortured into a pawn for Hydra.
Venom stumbled to its knees, making groaning noises. The intercom was still on so it heard Tony gasp, “
“You were always my best friend but recently…I started looking at you differently,” Steve replied vaguely.
Her tone changed instantly as she spoke of Peter and worriedly murmured, “He’s still in his room…Breakfast will be ready in five more minutes. Please, bring him down.”
! The curators there will have a heart attack when they see you!”
“Can’t,” he gasped, despite his body throbbing with pain that did not want to be ignored. Three shots and shrapnel moving around in one’s chest can really fuck with a person. He explained, “I’m a fugitive and I won’t be detained. Not while Steve is still out there.”
Tony trailed off and stared at him, looking so vulnerable and young.
Tony smiled warmly at him and carded his fingers into Steve’s as he replied, “Me too.”
“Sir,” Jarvis suddenly interrupted them with a stern tone. Tony and Steve separated in an instant and both of them looked to where Iron Man was landing a few feet behind Steve.
“Tony,” he gasped as he stumbled forward. Steve fell to his knees when he reached Tony. He gasped again, “
An unsettling silence stretched between them.
Peter sighed in relief and explained, “No, I have it. It's safe.”
This elicited another screaming cheer from his audience and Tony waited for them to quiet down with a smile.
When they were both devoid of shirts, Steve put a single hand on Tony’s chest and pushed him down. Tony laid back, flexing his arms over his head, and wrapping his legs around Steve’s waist.
Jacques grinned and must have understood enough of what Tony said as he reached across the table and said, "
“It’ll be strange being the younger one,” Steve stated.
Tony grasped Steve’s hand and put it over his heart as he whispered, “You know why I’m such a grouch in the mornings? Because I was ripped away from you, my other half…I spend my mornings with your ghost lingering with me in my half awake state and…I’m not fun to be around until I’ve drunk enough coffee to get me out of it…”
It had been a month since the fundraiser and a ritual had been born. Breakfast turned into a team affair (minus the Advil needed for everyone’s hangovers and Steve’s atrocious “hangover” cure).
” Peter commanded.
“How about no?” Tony retorted, he did not want him to check out of SHIELD Medical just yet. Peter yawned heavily and leaned back into Tony’s chest. Peter’s big blue eyes were almost indistinguishable as he followed Steve’s pacings across the room.
“Wow,” Steve laughed. “I never imagined him settling down and having a family.”
“Sir, the anomaly is actually in connection to Project Rebirth.”
He tried to smile reassuringly at the camera, knowing everyone must be freaking out, but the gas potency was too strong for him and he was pulled back into the darkness. His smile faded with his vision and he wondered if he'd ever wake again.
“I’m going to make you feel so good that you won’t remember to breathe,” Tony promised. He snapped Steve’s shirt open and groaned, “You did not wear an undershirt. It must be my birthday.”
Steve sniffled but agreed, “Right.”
. If it were not for you I would probably be frozen in some Hydra lab somewhere, wasting away…Go. Don’t worry about me. I am fine. Go and enjoy your son’s birthday.”
But Tony had acted differently only with Bucky. He was the same old Tony with the others. Maybe Steve was right, maybe Tony did act differently with Bucky because Bucky knew almost the whole story about his time traveling.
He knew the future was already written but he was not going to meekly walk into Hydra’s arms. He was going to fight for his freedom and maybe, just maybe, he could change his fate.
With his heart accelerating, and his fear spiking from not knowing where Tony was, Steve got to his feet and hissed, “I’m going to ask you again. Where am I?” When she did not reply, he demanded, “Who are you??”
“Dummy, halt!” Tony eventually called out and the robot came to an immediate stop. The boys almost ran into him it was so sudden.
“Well, when you put it that way…” Bucky sarcastically murmured. He crossed his arms over his chest and glared at both of them. He stated, “I'm not asking for details. I just want you two to swear to me that yous are being safe.”
Instead of addressing the giant white elephant in the room, Tony asked, “Was this the first time you’ve cried? The first time you mourned him?”
“I’m more than ready,” Peter retorted. He buried his face in his Pops’ chest and whispered, “I just want my mom,
Susan Tyler’s accusation, the press’s reaction, this fake relationship, his complicated feelings, and these blows from Tony…It was all too much to handle after the last few days. Sleeping was uncomplicated and he did not have to think about all of-of
But they never did.
“I don’t want you there,” Barnes hissed from his clenched jaw.
Heimdall was the all-seeing and all-hearing guardian of Asgard. He stood where he had been stationed for hundreds of years, at the end of the Bifrost. The rainbow bridge had been repaired but was fragile. His duty to protect it and his home weighed heavily on his shoulders.
“Do you just add water?” Tony guessed. The Captain looked at him like he was a crazy person so Tony must have guessed wrong...
The corrections officer pulled him away from his legal team before they could say more. He was recuffed and he was led back to his holding cell.
Not looking away from the stiff figure in the other room, Tony whispered, “…So, yes, I am going to let him sleep in one of the guest rooms. And,
Relief washed over him in a mighty wave. They hadn’t killed him.
, who are also interested in single-dads.”
“Howard never had to shave!” Tony argued.
Tony snorted and said, “No, she'd never believe me. I told her we're really good friends but you live somewhere in Europe. I can’t tell her the truth. You know, you're a legend now, right? Parents tell their kids stories of Captain America before putting them to bed.”
“Master Rogers appears nervous, Sir,” Jarvis replied. “He-.”
Did this man know why Steven would sacrifice everything to save Tony?
“But we need to get you a replacement piece for whatever is in your chest, right?” Steve demanded, squeezing Tony’s hand tightly in his worry. “Tell us exactly what you’ll need and we’ll get it.”
Ben nodded, his face was awash with pain but it was a dampened pain. The older man explained, “We always assumed they were dead. We filled a missing persons report for both of them but…I always hoped…” He paused then rubbed his hand across his lower jaw. He asked, “Why did it take so long for us to get word?”
Finally, Steve looked away and replied, “There isn’t anyone…”
It felt…peculiar being back in the main office again.
He operated the Iron Man suit from the ship. Several holograms were open before him as well as the ones that were wrapped around his hands like gauntlets and the one that hovered before his eyes like the ones in his suit. He turned his head to look to Steve through those screens. Looking at his husband, helped calm him, even though he could barely see Steve in his space suit. Tony had made the Iron Man suit lean back and appreciate the form fitting design he had included in its design.
He turned back to the open door and zeroed in on Barnes.
Steve shuddered from the memory. It wasn’t exactly what Steve wanted but…could he do it?
“Tony…” He turned to her and she cupped his face as she whispered, “Everything we do in our lives have consequences. And those consequences affect other people in our lives for better or for worse. We have no control of that just as you didn’t have control in the past.”
Tony smiled sadly at his newfound friend and replied, “Technically…a few weeks. I kissed him the same day he came out to the world…and last night he tried to kiss me. But he keeps trying to deny anything is happening between us…”
Peter treated the whole experience like a game. He was playing at secret identity just like Steve or Tony did whenever they went out with him. Peter knew he could not use any of his powers or tell anyone who his father or adoptive father really was but he was already used to it.
Steve smiled sadly at Tony. Mary brought with her a chance to help Peter and Tony was jumping at it. Steve was right. When push comes to shove, Tony would sober up if it meant helping their son.
Their conversation in the hospital came back to him. Tony had said since Steve did not kiss Bucky he did not cheat. There was nothing for Tony to forgive.
They dropped the subject. They soon lapsed into talking about nothing important and were only talking to talk. It was subdued and sometimes forced. They both felt the need to fill the oppressive silence.
“Jarvisssss,” Peter groaned.
. He whispered, “I don’t think this can be fixed…”
Tony and Bruce went to the “secret” lab and they met up with Coulson in front of the building. Tony had called him in route and told him why they were coming. Unsurprisingly, he did not look too happy.
“I won’t,” Steve promised. His emotions were turbulent with this new knowledge about Natasha and imagining himself in her shoes.
Tony stepped into the connecting bathroom and closed the door behind him. He paused as he reassessed his actions and then stated, “Friday, keep tabs on Peter. Track him through his communicator and listen in. If he needs help,
Peter felt his dad twitch and then tighten his arms around Peter.
“Oooooh, I can’t wait to read all the theories,” Tony stated.
“Steve is not a SHIELD agent,” Ben reiterated for him and stood with Mary. “He is an Avenger. He helps everyday people and has saved the world countless times.”
They spent the first few weeks relearning each others bodies and souls. Most of the time they spent at the mansion, but they continued to sneak out on dates and food runs. The most the reporters got was that his name was Steve and it frustrated them to no end that they could not get anything else on Tony Stark’s new boyfriend.
Loki paled as Hulk’s rage focused on him. He straightened his overcoat and whispered, “I believe I saw enough. I think I shall move on, brother.”
“Alright, keep me posted,” Tony said and finally threw the blueberry into his mouth. He chewed on it and then added, “And if SHIELD catches you watching let me know immediately. I don’t want to take any chances on missing out on this! Aliens, J!
Steve wiped the water off his lips and smirked at Sam but, as soon as he looked away, Steve stared at Tony with a scrutinizing gaze.
,” the Red Skull stated his title like it was a mock.
They clicked instantly. Tony turned on his charm and Steve saw right through it. They started off the day tentatively getting to know each other and ended it debating theology and cheating each other at poker. Steve was smart and engaging and Tony could not believe he was real. Not only was his childhood hero alive but he was also this
To test their bond, Fury remained silent.
He had murdered a man for the suit he was wearing, but didn’t feel like using his wallet too. He still carried a few trinkets from the future so he placed one of his pumpkin bombs on his table and activated it.
“Speaking of Peter…” Steve whispered, “He revealed something pretty big to me today. Bet you’d never guess what?”
Steve cupped both of Peter’s cheeks and kissed his forehead. Hulk cautiously drew back and let go of Venom. Venom did not move but neither did Peter. It seemed Venom only freed him to speak.
Bucky lifted his hand and experimentally flexed it. He growled, “For a pompous ass, you did an okay job.” He frowned at Tony then held his metal hand out to him. He stated, “Thank you.”
“You sure?” Wade murmured.
He got madder as he saw the faulty work done within. They connected his arm to his nerves and Bucky must had been in constant pain.
But it hurt so much.
Steve would usually reply with an endearment or kiss but would stay quiet about his worries until…
His hands slid down his stomach, following the line of muscles until he reached the waistband of his pants. He wore scrubs from the hospital, his uniform had been taken away for repair. The loose pants did nothing to hide his growing erection and were easy to slide off. He dropped the scrubs once he got it past his hard length and kicked it away.
Bruce nodded and he and Steve left the room before Peter could babble an excuse to join them. An awkward silence grew in the room as soon as they were gone. Peter looked anywhere but at Tony.
“Then…I think I’ll explore the area,” Steve said.
“GOBLIN!!”
Peter glanced at the bags one last time but decided against it. His backpack worked fine and was nondescript. More people owned plain backpacks than camera bags. He answered, “Nah, I’m good.”
‘Who do I have to kill?’ was Wade’s instant reply.
“I will not let you sacrifice yourself,” she stated.
But did she have other reasons for hating superheroes, namely the Avengers…namely Tony Stark?
After spending an entire day shopping with Maria and then a few hours with Tony in his workshop, he was utterly exhausted and fell asleep on the sofa in the library. He woke up with a soft blanket draped over him and Tony’s teddy bear tucked between him and the couch. Howard sat up with a small smile as he picked up the bear. Maybe he was making progress with his son after all…
Before they put him under, Steve saw him with Peter on his hip. His super soldier was already wearing a worrisome expression. He look from Tony’s exposed chest, the wires they already got in him, and then back to Tony’s face and his frown deepened.
The last few days he’d wake up and wonder if it was really happening. Sometimes he’d even convince himself that it was all a delusion.
Steve’s heart was breaking with every passing second.
Steve smiled privately to himself as he started to read the article and he did not notice Tony catching that smile and smirking in turn.
Bruce grinned and said, “…I accepted it: Acceptance. I accepted there was nothing I could change. I accepted that I killed many and I accepted it can happen again. I accepted Hulk as being a part of me and accepted that I, my true self, would never commit such atrocities.
“Why do you two fuckwits gotta do this in the middle of the Goddamn medical tent!?” Bucky hissed.
Hello! I'm back! Sorry for the hiatus! A lot of things have happened in my life since I last posted that have kept me busy but now (hopefully) it's all done! Fingers crossed! I've been making changes to all the chapters I haven't posted yet but have also been adding more content to them (The second date with Wade wasn't originally in this chapter)  and I also went to change a SINGLE line in
Did his father somehow have the pure, Wakandan metal? Did he find another source outside of the secluded African country? Or did he find a way to construct the metal element? If so, how had he done it and made
“Jarvis!” Tony yelled. Distracted by Tony’s sudden call, both Steve and Ross turned toward Tony’s voice. They had both forgotten he was there.
“And his scans?”
The doors opened to reveal Tony, and all other thoughts he had disappeared when he saw his friend. They both moved together and met each other half way in an embrace.
They ignored him and Steve yelled, “You believed her too! And you let Peter go to her during the battle even though we both were suspicious!”
He smiled down at it and then turned off the lights in the kitchen to go to his husband.
“I…feel better,” Steve murmured in surprise, flexing his arms and moving his fingers in tandem.
“…Me too,” Steve whispered.
Bucky snatched the reactor out of Howard’s hands. He did the only thing he knew worked with janky equipment...he hit it.
“So you were with that homeless man who was arrested on the 4th?”
Peter shrugged, and frowned down at the present as he said, “My hands always get sticky.”
“Hey, I’m not impossible,” Steve retorted, mildly offended.
His communicator had rolled away after he dropped it and he did not hear the reply. Help was coming or they were alone. Either way, he was alone in fighting Schmidt’s words.
Bucky came to his side and, with one look, he observed, “You like him.”
“I can’t say that I have but I certainly have heard of his exploits,” T’Challa replied.
“A question-?”
They turned a corner and Steve came to an immediate halt.
“Fuck,” Tony hissed under his breath.
She nodded, gritting her teeth to keep her magic in check.
“Tony…ate…willingly…”
Steve walked back into his apartment in a daze.
Tony’s grin widened and said, “I have the most adorable little blemish on my right butt cheek.”
Steve could not hold back his grin and replied, “Only for you, babe.”
He felt the building shudder and it had rocked him to the very pit of his stomach.
“It’s me, babe, you’re safe,” Wade gasped, trying to calm Peter down.
“Many of you are here today because certain pictures were posted online. Steve and I are here today to confirm what most of you are asking: yes, we are in a romantic relationship and have been for two years.” A chorus of questions were instantly shouted out by the gathered reporters but Tony held up a hand and waited until they silenced. Tony continued, once it was quiet enough, “We kept the relationship a secret because we still felt the need to hide it. Steve had grown up in an era that had labeled who he was as criminal and a sin. We wanted to come out on our own terms, when Steve was ready. Tyler is not only falsely accusing my boyfriend but, because of her actions, she also indirectly took our choice away. Steve and I
“Captain Rogers is giving his report on the incident,” one of the agents explained gruffly. “If you will just check in, and maybe answer a few questions as well, then we can bring you to him once he is done.”
Steve did look better. He was standing and that pained glaze from his eyes was gone. Was he really okay now?
“You’re lying,” Steve hissed. “You have no way of knowing how it would work. You’d
He glanced around him and grimly noted the fine layer of grass growing over his grave. A lot of time must have passed since he was laid to rest. His thoughts immediately turned to his husband and son. He could not imagine the pain they had been through. Just thinking of losing either one of them was horrifying. He had to find them! He had to let them know he was fine!
“Hooray for pants,” Steve murmured dryly.
One by one, Cable turned off his monitors and closed up shop. He grumbled, “I can honestly say, I am not going to miss this place and I do not want to touch another arc reactor in the next few years.”
...I should have called this fic "The Chapters of Cliffhangers."
For once, the landscape was his own. They were in Steve’s childhood home, sitting in the small living room where the largest window in the house was. They sat in the sofa chairs by the window, looking out into the overcast, grey streets. It was raining and the only sound that could be heard was of the heavy droplets hitting the roof as well as the occasional droplet breaking through the ceiling and hitting something indoors.
"You created a masterpiece," Tony whispered as he stared lovingly at the toddler in his arms. Steve put down his sketchbook and stared at both of them. His love for both of them was so overwhelming that he could barely breathe.
“What’s with the flowers?” Peter questioned.
“Tony!” Jim exclaimed, “How are you, man?”
“A MONTH?!” Howard exclaimed at the meeting.
Tony chuckled into his chest and murmured, “You are more than welcome, Capsicle.”
Mary stepped out from behind the lab counter so he could see her better and replied, “Yes, my master used your DNA and images and video of your mother to create me.”
They both thanked her and Sam and the two left them alone with Peter.
Wade continued, “The fanfictions born of this will be amazing…Oh my God, how many of those fictions do you think are real??”
Steve bent down and gently kissed his husband. They both whispered their love for each other and, as they separated, they held each other's hands until their arms could not stretch any further and they were forced to break apart.
The other body was curled on its side and was facing away from them. He wore black, dark ops leather and she knew he couldn’t be Steve so she turned her attention to Tony. Clint lead Thor to the other man, to check him over and make sure he was no threat.
Eventually, Tony whispered, “We should get back. I need some beauty sleep after all.”
The penthouse had no front door so the elevator doors opened and in walked in the rep.
fella,” Tony chuckled. “He’s been tripping after her like a puppy ever since she got here.”
“Tony?” Steve asked, running his hand over Tony’s back in worry.
“I think you need to turn around and think on that question a few more hours,” Tony grumbled into Steve’s stomach. Steve lightly patted Tony’s head and ran his fingers through his soft hair.
The question came out of nowhere. Tony instantly assumed he was going to antagonize them somehow about being separated…until he saw the expression cross Steve’s face.
“Kay,” Pewter murmured shyly and half buried his face into his chest.
"Bruce is setting up another transporter," Bucky murmured as they walked around the courtyard behind the hospital. "I volunteered to be the one to take the stones back."
Venom opened its mouth as wide as he could and tried to swallow the Asgardian but the god shoved his hammer into Venom’s mouth, halting the feeding. Venom moaned in frustration.
His footsteps echoed through the body of the plane and made his heartbeat faster. Where would Cap be? At the helm with the plane’s radio, where Carter last heard him? Or by the parachutes, trying to make one last escape?
Eventually, Thor got so fed up with not being able to order a S’mores Frappuccino at his favorite Starbucks that he blasted out the windows as he yelled at the reporter to stop accosting him. Tony, of course, paid for all the damages and Thor got his beverage after he autographed a picture of himself for the store owner to put up on the wall.
Howard had no idea how to wake it, but everyone seemed to unconsciously look to him, expecting him to know what to do. Howard rounded the time machine and approached the robot warily.
When the questions were winding down, they unexpectedly asked him, “Who are you in a relationship with?”
"I didn't touch that woman," Steve whispered frantically, as if he were trying to convince Tony of otherwise.
Breaking in was easy enough. One hit with the edge of shield was enough to knock the lock and doorknob clear off the door. The door swung open and Steve sighed deeply with relief and dropped his shoulders.
“Hey, Sleepyhead,” Tony murmured, his eyes searching his, looking for anything wrong.
–!?” Steve hissed.
“What does it mean?” Steve asked.
“What about you?” Steve asked, breaking their kiss. “I know you had a crush on me for a long time but when did you start thinking about asking me out?” Steve and Tony always told people about their silly misunderstanding when they first asked each other out but they had never dived deeper into it.
Peter shrugged and rubbed his tender arm. He replied, “It wasn’t just my secret to tell.”
Bucky buried his face in Steve’s neck and Steve tensed, aware of the eyes on them and aware of the wrongness of this feeling so right.
Tony wanted to shut Steve up by sealing his mouth over Steve’s. He wanted no tension between them and wanted Steve to embrace this. He didn’t understand why he wouldn’t accept it!
“I wasn’t going to walk around the apartment naked when half of New York can look in,” Steve replied with an eye roll. He held up the comforter and said, “And it was cold so I got us some more layers.”
Tony touched his shoulder, squeezing it slightly, and then stepped into his suit. Peter watched the metal encase his father and then Iron Man’s eyes lit up, indicating he was ready to go.
“I have to do an emergency fix to the armor,” Tony had lied last minute. “I noticed something wrong with the code. It’ll take me all day to figure out. If I don’t work on it now, a super villain will show up and my armor will stop working in the middle of the fight!”
Peter curled over as he laughed and Wade watched it with a warm smile. Bringing joy to Peter put an ease in his heart that he didn’t know he needed until he feel in love with him. Peter’s laughter dwindled away and he cupped Wade’s face as he whispered, “As always, my prince, you are such a romantic…”
Why was he just looking? He started to tremble, he needed Tony to touch him. Steve fisted the sheets beneath him and moaned his name, “
(See the end of the chapter for
None of them could hear him and Thor hit Venom with his hammer. Venom went flying, lightening covering its black body, and then landed at Hulk’s feet. Hulk slammed down both of his huge fists and Venom’s body exploded.
Peter slipped away from him and went straight to Wade and MJ. He wiggled his eyebrows at his best friend and she got the clue to skedaddle. Wade looked at him with a sardonic smile and said, “You know I was about to get into the really juicy part of our sex life.”
“I'm more horny than hurting right now,” Tony groaned. Steve leveled a look at his lover and Tony grinned saucily at him. Tony supplied, “Though one could argue my dick is in pain.”
They tiptoed around each other at first and barely spoke other than the cordial greeting in passing. Both of them were avoiding the white elephant in the room which was their relationship, until finally…
perhaps consider the fact that the Winter Soldier is sitting on your couch watching the evening news?” Pepper hissed, “We read the same reports, Tony. He is no longer the man you once knew. He is a killer.
Steve rubbed his back and said, “Of course! But in the meantime, since Uncle Tony is waiting on his coffee, do you want more to eat?”
Wade double checked his phone and then looked at the Tower, looming over him like a sinister castle. It seemed to glow brighter than all the others in the dark of the night.
Tony was afraid to ask, “D-Do you still have all files prior to the lost connection with the main host?” Jarvis was originally programmed to save everything until it reconnected to the main host. Once the reconnect occurred, Alpha Jarvis would know exactly how to respond to Beta Jarvis’s systems. Had that changed too?
“Or stab out my eyes and shove them down my throat,” Bucky retorted.
“This is deep, man,” Rhodey said.
“Maybe this is a good thing,” Tony mumbled, thinking about the recording Jarvis made without his permission.
Tony’s eyes snapped open in shock and he heard Steve inhale sharply beside him. They both looked to each other with wide eyes.
Steve glared at the boy and retorted, “And you’re a good-for-nothing jerk! I coulda handled those knuckleheads by myself!”
“Are you patronizing me or buttering me up?” Tony asked. He let Steve pull him for half a second and then picked up the pace to walk beside him.
“She’s insane,” Tony hissed into his scalp. He tightly wound his arms around Steve’s back and whispered, “The judge had to see that! There is no way he’s going to convict you after seeing how crazy she is!”
so they would not see how bad he got.
just heard that,” Clint interjected through the communicator in Steve’s ear. Steve dropped his face into his hand with a groan.
Steve slipped behind the servers’ corridor for a breather. None of the staff bothered him as they were quite busy, though most openly stared. Steve stepped back into an alcove where a forgotten sink sat. It obscured him from the staff and he leaned against the small counter with a heavy sigh in private.
All the emotion he had been trying to keep locked up for days suddenly flooded his system and he hugged Tony. He could not help it. A tiny voice inside of him told him not to do it that it was inappropriate and to avoid any more contact with him, emotional and physical, but Steve only buried his face deeper into the crook of Tony’s neck.
Peter grumbled something unintelligible and rubbed his eyes as he fell back into Wade.
“I’m glad Peter wasn’t upset by the interview,” Tony murmured gently into Steve’s chest. “I was worried he would be upset by all of the attention it would create.”
Bucky and Steve were of equal mind wanting to find Zola faster. They pushed for the mission to be bumped up and for the information collaborated immediately.
In between Steve’s shoulder blades, Tony inhaled the clean smell of soap which lingered on his flesh from their earlier shower. He whispered into his skin, “Not taking any chances.”
“And I guess no introductions are needed for Eyepatch,” Tony mumbled, nodding to the SHIELD Director still standing at the top of the stairs lording above them all.
He walked to the elevator and Jarvis opened it for him. He stepped in and did not turn around as the lift took him to the ground floor. Even when it jolted to a stop and the doors opened, Steve remained facing the elevator.
He just wanted to lay back on the couch and pretend…pretend Steve was still there, they were snuggling again and Tony was sharing another aspect of his life with his soulmate just like he did every night and all the nights to come. He just wanted to pretend Steve would not fade from his memories just like the images of his father had.
Steve sighed and replied, “June 16, 1945.”
They flew higher into the air and far from the scene below. After flying for several minutes, Steve let his muscles relax and fell back onto his seat, gasping, “That was close.”
“Don’t go! I had like my fifth coffee twenty minutes ago,” Tony retorted. “I’m not going to sleep any time soon!”
and I cannot change that part of me anymore than you can change being Captain America…After we broke up and after I finished mourning our relationship, that’s when I let myself think about it again…”
“The game,” Steve stated, nodding to the radio and the most obvious clue of them all. “It’s from May 1941 – I know, ‘cause I was there.”
Venom rose with them and remained attached to Peter by several points and began to start sticking to Steve. The mass on Steve’s back had already fled and rejoined the main body.
Steve too could feel himself responding to the lust still flowing through him and murmured, “Is this what it is like with all soulmate couples? Nonstop sex in their dreams?”
Coulson continued forward, grimly following the footprints in the ice. The footprints led out of the plane. There must have been another way inside. How did his team miss it?
Solo looked over his shoulder and saw Steve had followed him. His eyes widened in fear and Solo plunged into another group and grabbed a preteen girl. She screamed as Solo used her as a shield between them.
Wade fell back into the door with a groan and clutched his head. He fucked up again! How did he keep doing this?!
“My pleasure, beloved,” Tony whispered and the pet name sent a thrilling spike into Steve’s heart.
No matter their feelings toward each other, Tony was not going to leave Steve alone during this.
Tony asked hoarsely. Steve could feel his eyes on him but he could not meet his gaze. Tony sounded like he was going to be sick when he reasoned, "You let him - you -
Peter gulped dryly and his throat bobbed uselessly. His panic rose like a blasting rocket as he imagined standing in front of all of those cameras.
Steve ripped off his shirt and kicked off his own shoes and went flying at him. He did not hold back and tore into Bucky. He did not worry about hurting him or worry about bringing out the Winter Soldier, all he wanted was to release his frustration and Bucky made himself a perfect target. Not that Bucky needed him to hold back, he was a super soldier himself and fought with just as much intensity.
His husband laughed and kissed him none the wiser of his actions.
Steve took it as a good sign.
Tony ran his thumb over his lips to clean up and teased, "Such a dirty mouth...Now, are you going to get out of that bath or am I going to have to blow you again?"
He hated to leave him, especially with the clock ticking away what little time he had left. But he needed to make sure these events to come still occurred. Yes, Steve was going to bring about the end of Hydra in his martyrdom…but the most important thing was that he was going to be saving Tony’s life too and it was that factor that kept him going. He was going to make sure Tony got the tesseract and got home.
A corporal, who led one of their fireteams, was walking up to them followed...by a robot?
hickies. This is so weird. It’s like that moment when you find out your parents have had sex.”
Mary frowned and retorted, “I had been programed with emotions to seem more human and make it easier to gain your trust.” Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes. A muscle in Mary’s jaw twitched and she continued, “I felt guilt.”
Next time, Ch. 7: Hail, Hydra
One dressed, he picked up the water bottle and threw back his head to finish it in several more quick gulps.
Tony smirked at the innuendo and purposely tried to pinch his brows tighter.
“Got it,” Clint said, popping out the crushed remains of the bullet. “Alright, let’s see what we have here…” Clint held the crushed bullet up and said, “Right off the bat I can tell you this is an armor piercing round, long-range, and…” Clint dwindled to a stop and squinted at the bullet particularly. He looked to Steve with a troubled expression then looked to Natasha. Without him having to say a word, Natasha stepped through the holograms and took the bullet from his grasp. She examined the bullet with a frown.
“So you were in the Army?” Tony asked, stupidly looking for more similarities to further prove Steve was compatible with Sam. His jealousy still burned in his gullet but his heart was growing cold. How could he have been so stupid? Pepper was right. Steve found someone else.
When the machine was strapped to his head, the next thought was always Tony.
Steve inhaled sharply and whispered, “I might have a few suggestions on where to start…” Tony stopped moving and his eyes flickered to Steve.
“Half his life alone!” He grew up with his parents lamenting. “Half his life wasted!”
He kept smiling as Tony applied the cool lather and had to force himself to stop smiling and relax his muscles so Tony could shave.
“If Steve and Tony are your number two, who’s your number one?” Peter countered.
The soldiers began to disperse and the vehicles were being directed to park. Excited to see Steve again, Tony turned to Panzer and said, “You can park this beast by yourself, right?”
Steve wracked his mind trying to also guestimate what it was they missed. Perhaps the SHIELD agents were not going to be good enough to convince Tony? Maybe he was still going to look into Steve?
“I’m going right now,” Tony growled.
She shadowed James as he led them to a particular backdoor and then proceeded to kick it down. He let off two rounds as soon as he entered and then nodded her to follow him. She hustled past the body without a second glance.
Peter smirked as he remembered Wade’s cheesy one-liners. Laying in Wade’s arms, Peter truthfully replied, “I feel blessed too. You are the greatest thing to ever happen to me…”
“No need,” Tony replied. “I usually have to replace it whenever Bruce Hulks out or Thor visits. I am more shocked by the fact that Mr. Perfect Virtues and Values had a kid out of wedlock, nonetheless had sex!
Tony blinked and then processed his words. He cleared his throat and then said, “Uh, yeah. Yeah, I’ll do that.”
“Why?” Peter asked, he looked up to Steve curiously. Steve grinned upon his question. Peter was in his questioning stage and every other thing he said was usually a question. Steve loved explaining things to him and watching the wonder grow in his boy’s eyes as he learned something new.
Tony smirked at the irony and replied, “What I’m thinking of is going to need to be believable and unquestionably shows we are together.” Tony paused to let Steve speak but when the Super Soldier did not say anything, Tony continued, “We are going to kiss and we are going to look like we mean it.”
His target lightly touched Stark’s arm and whispered, “Tony…”
Steve was tempted to jump to his feet and embrace them both but he did not act on the impulse. This was Tony’s moment with Peter. His son had never fallen asleep in Tony’s arms before and Tony’s excitement was incredible.
And well, one thing led to another and Wade’s lips still tingled from their numerous kisses and he was going to be meeting his parents tonight as Peter’s actual-not-fantasied boyfriend.
Tony blinked open his eyes and Steve pressed, “What’d you mean by that? Is Zola going to die?”
“I’m sorry. I can’t help it,” Steve said with a chuckle. “You just…remind me so much of Tony.”
“We needed to be near Stark in case something happened. If we were on the other side of the country we would’ve been no good to him.”
He glared at her venomously which was made worse by the blood dripping from his nose and leg.
All Steve had was his strength and his strength had failed Peter when he needed him most. He did not have the technological resources like Tony did to find him and he did not have the biological knowhow that Bruce would use in trying to cure Peter of this symbiote.
“I’m one cool cat,” Steve agreed with a chuckle.
Peter laughed without humor and stated, “Well you succeeded in your life’s goal at least...”
Tony drawled, “Yeah…we actually met in 1945, when I accidentally time traveled…”
Fury rubbed at his one good eye as the chaos settled. This had not gone according to plan.
Bucky’s hand stilled and Tony leaned forward with a look of renewed interest.
“I do not know what you are referring to…” Iron Man retorted, “The files in my memory are spotted, but the last thing I am able to access was leaving this very base in a convoy. I do not know how I came back to this location or how you progressed into this condition without my noticing.”
“You had the day cleared, Sir,” the AI retorted. “Nothing was to be scheduled.”
“Please say we are going to be fighting Nazi zombies,” Clint gasped excitedly.
“I just got goosebumps watching that,” Sneaky stated. “It was like watching a history reel in the flesh.”
He froze under Steve and broke their kiss as he cursed colorfully.
“Give him time, sir,” Jarvis stated from his side. Howard glanced down at his retired butler and the older man smiled up at him as he said, “One day, he’ll know all you’ve done and he’ll understand. Just give him time.”
to be together!” Peter reasoned.
. Steve, there were going to be fireworks, neon lights, some smooth jazz, and Peter was going to bring it to you in this adorable suit…”
His dad looked relieved until Peter wordlessly got up, crossed the room, and grabbed his backpack.
“Great,” Tony moaned sarcastically. Did they have Tylenol in the 40s? Because, if so, he was going to need like 50 capsules…
They pulled apart chuckling. Steve met Tony’s eyes and saw his gaze was alive with the belief in his conviction. Steve fell for him a little more but he did not care. At that moment, he knew Tony would lay down his life for Peter, a boy he barely knew.
Wade could feel him shaking. He ran his hands over Peter’s flesh and whispered, “You’re close, aren’t you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I only ever wanted one with you,” Tony whispered.
It quickly became a reoccurring factor in their lives.
“Captain Rogers,” the AI repeated. “He is alive, Sir. He is on your private balcony now.”
On the way to the kitchen, Tony couldn’t help his wandering hands from exploring. Steve let him until they reached the kitchen and he swatted him away just as they entered.
,” both Peter and Tony groaned.
Peter hadn’t been to the other fairs as his life as Spider-Man had gotten in the way, but this year was different. There was no way he was going to miss his dad and Steve tie the knot like this!
Peter met Steve outside his bedroom and they went through his closet together as quietly as possible. Peter's dad was snoring loudly from the bed and Steve whispered in explanation, “I turned off his alarm so he could get as much sleep as possible. He stayed up late last night getting together last-minute things for your birthday.”
Tony started to move slowly and Steve cursed under his breath and gripped his hands more tightly. Tony let go of one of his hands and grasped the bouncing cock between them. Steve inhaled sharply and and started to move his hips more sharply with Tony's thrusts.
“I kissed you a few weeks ago and you tried to kiss me less than an hour ago.”
“What is there to eat around here?” Peter murmured, settling back into his bed. Wade held onto his hand as he settled and returned to his seat without breaking the connection. He had started smiling when Peter joked and teased Tony and that smile seemed glued to his face now.
The black tendrils on Steve’s limbs pulled him in and Steve looked back to Peter. The mass had grown and mirrored Steve’s physique and the sharp smile had opened to reveal a large mouth.
Susan disappeared from view and Tony’s footage did not follow her to see where she went.
After another week of searching, everyone gave up the hunt. Life returned to relative normalcy after that but Tony never lowered the security and kept the metal shutters on the residential floors closed. Natasha and Clint returned and Thor announced that he would delay his return to Asgard until the Winter Soldier was found.
“I can handle him.”
How was this his life?
“God –
“Sit,” Steve commanded and Tony did automatically, as if he were following orders in battle. He moaned as his ass unexpectedly came into contact with Steve’s growing erection. He bit down on his lip and rubbed into it. God, he felt so good. How was he so hard already? …Who was he imagining?
“Damn right you do,” Tony replied instantly drawing a chuckle from Steve.
“Used Cable’s Time Glove and grabbed the half-naked, 2009 version of me and Steve and brought them to our era?” Tony guessed.
Steve blushed under the intensity of Tony’s eyes. He quickly looked away and reclaimed his hand. When he glanced back at Tony, he saw the man grinning at him with an odd glint in his eye.
“Uncle Ben,” Peter whined, his tiny fingers clutched his dog-tags all the tighter, bending the metal slightly under his strong grasp.
, at the moment,” Peter argued, getting up and reshelving the book.
he was getting out of bed.
but they also used it as a front so it wouldn’t seem odd for Peter to be in the building so much.
Ever since he woke, he had been worrying over his future and what he was going to do. His main problem was his identity and being so renowned.
Less than a minute into his fight, Jarvis interrupted it by announcing, “Sir, the police are requesting assistance on a hostage situation. Backup is being delayed by the holiday crowds.”
The gun fire stopped again and was followed by a long pause. The three of them shifted nervously and James darkly wondered what was coming next.
Peter flushed shyly and murmured, “I wish that I can be with my Papa…And dis will be my home, always.”
with the Man of Iron leading us to draw the Red Skull’s attention. One against many would surly falter but a team against the same force will stand stronger. Meanwhile, the Winter Soldier, who knows the layout of the building better than all of us, can go in and save our comrade while we fight.”
“It’s okay, nothing’s changed!”
“Fine! Make it quick. What do you want?”
Steve met Tony’s wide eyes and whispered, “We need to contain it.”
“And I’m one of those few still left alive,” Howard said ironically. “Did you come all the way out here to save me?”
“But ya left your front door open, bub.”
“Uncle Bucky wants to give you pranking material to use against him,” Tony replied.
Smiling at the dark mass, Peter gasped, “
“So I agreed to go out with him before he could back out and it was the smartest thing I could have ever done with my life,” Steve stated, smiling at Tony. Tony returned the grin and leaned forward with a kiss. Tony’s lips were warm against his and so familiar. He could still remember that day he asked him out so easily but he could have never imagined the depths of his emotions he would feel toward this man.
to make their way through the harsh terrain and the occupied Hydra base.
Wade wanted to protest but her magic also lifted Peter off the ground, stopping Venom in its escape. He could see her magic poking and pulling at the symbiote and he went quiet. He grinned shakily at the two Avengers and settled down with a happy groan.
“Sounds great,” Ben said with a wide smile. He opened his door and waved. “Bye, Steve. Bye, Peter.”
“You’re late,” Natasha informed Steve and Peter as they stepped into the gym. She sat on the training mats and was stretching to touch her toes with ease. She stood in one fluid motion and said, “You know what being late means, Peter.”
“It’s not spandex,” Peter sighed, dropping his head in his hand. He didn’t even attempt to deny the truth. Everyone on the Avengers already knew. What was one more superhero?
Steve turned on the water at the sink and turned it to hot. He opened a few drawers until he found some dish cloths. Choosing the most worn ones, he put them under the water and was surprised to see Tony watching him with a critical eye.
“I love you,” Steve repeated and closed his eye.
And like that, the whirlwind that was his son was gone.
He thought Steve was here as the next in rotation to sit with Tony to keep an eye on him in his sickness. Steve lightly shook his head and murmured, “I need to speak with Tony,
“I saw,” Bucky hissed, his voice filled with emotion. It was an anger he heard countless times prior from Bucky whenever he was referencing Hydra, the Nazis, or bullies. It was a voice that belonged to the old Bucky. Steve shivered.
“I knew I should have put padding on the floors,” Tony whimpered and attempted to stretch his muscles but only managed to make the aching worse.
When the pain from the shrapnel burned into his chest, Tony instantly looked to his implant. He had a little over three years left until he would’ve been able to meet his mate. As he watched a few seconds pass, all Tony wanted to do was survive, survive and meet this person who was fated to be his other half.
Eddie grinned slyly and asked, “Ohhhh, finally have a girl in your life now, Parker?”
Tony was not qualified for this. How the hell was he supposed to be soulmates with this prick
Howard glanced at Maria, but she was hunched over Jarvis in his wheelchair as they carried on their own personal conversation.
Tony might survive to reach the future but, if these events still played out, Steve wouldn't.
“I’m fine,” Steve whispered. He quickly gasped what he had been dying to tell Tony, he said, “I’m so sorry about everything. I love you, Ton-.”
some specs on what had happened and, since they don’t want little super soldiers running around, they obviously keep it locked up tight! Don’t worry, I’ve done this before! How do you think I found you?”
He gently kissed Tony’s jawline and whatever fears the darkness had created disappeared.
There were five other beds other than his own and beside each bed were machines. One of those machines was attached to Steve and he watched in fascination as his heart beat was measured by jolts in a line. It seemed to be monitoring other things but he was unable to discern what.
“I’m testing out my concerned parent shoes,” Steve replied with an uneasy smile.
Steve laughed until Tony’s hands wrapped around Steve’s. They jerked each other off together and Steve leaned in to continue kissing him until they unraveled. Tony came first and Steve quickly followed with a few quick jerks.
Hearing his fathers’ surnames on her lips seemed so strange and drew Peter’s gaze back up. Why didn’t she call them by their first names?
“He knows what he wants,” Steve murmured back. Howard was brash and didn’t let a little thing like army rank stand in his way.
at least found a little something. The AI had recorded this guy running by the property twice a day for the last week in the least. In other words,
She reached out to him. He could easily bite or grab her but she took the risk.
Bucky whistled loudly and said with an impressed tone, “Wow, Tony. You went all out for this place…Is that a kitchen?”
“And into bed?” Tony added cheekily.
“Indeed,” Thor stated. “Word has spread that a gamma-radiated boy was born to the Avengers. Everyone’s logical conclusion was that he was the offspring of the mighty Banner. As soon as I saw the boy, I knew him to belong to our leader…And I apologize, Captain. I did not think Loki would do something as dastardly as to take your child from your own arms... He was just... excited. You are mortal but your strength rivals our own. He must have wanted to see what the fruit of your lions could produce. With a closer inspection...”
Bucky crossed his arms over his chest and demanded, "Then why can't you tell us?"
He was asked to wait then, eventually, a man came out and offered to take him to her. He led Ben to the elevators then they got into one alone. Ben tried to make small talk with his guide but the younger man did not answer him.
“Yeah, sorry Marston, Steve’s very adamant about Peter keeping his privacy,” Tony replied.
“Mmm,” Steve hummed, closing his eyes again and feeling lulled to sleep again by the feel of Tony’s warm, sleep-heavy limbs weighing him down.
Because ya'll were so adamant for me to continue soon...Enjoy! :)
Cap was the best candidate. He was a man of morals and Tony already knew he from what little interacted with the man that he could be trusted. The fact that the man was also Tony’s childhood hero was a perk and, as soon as he was home in the future, he was going to rub it in Rhodes’s face.
“Distracting Hydra while the dynamic duo break you out!” Tony retorted. “Are you out yet?”
“Peter –?” Steve whispered.
Fury narrowed his eye as he listed to the explanation. It sounded valid with the exception of one thing: “And your wanting the research on Project Rebirth? How do you explain that?”
“Completely.”
They grew up together in the 1940s where even thinking of a homosexual relationship was frowned upon and the actual relationship was illegal. Steve always assumed his feelings were one-sided.
“This guy recognized me and pulled on my shirt. He almost saw my Spider-Man uniform.”
let them take you from me, especially like that.”
“We share this world. You influence it as much as I do…”
Half the team looked Peter over and all of them assured him with varying degrees of science and magic that the symbiote was totally gone!
“Did you fuck them both at the same time?”
“Because of the damage to your reactor,” the AI guessed. “Then, because of your presence, I take it we have the means to return to the future?”
“Command this is Captain Rogers, do you read me?”
“I knew it,” Bucky sighed.
Steve finally wrapped his arm around her shoulders and quietly asked, “What was his name?”
The good humor slipped away as quickly as an ice cube on a slick, vertical surface. Her instructor rounded the bench and she realized the time that remained on her timer would dwindle away in seconds so that meant…
of you,” Peter said looking at both of his parents.
It had been days since he lost him...days that they’d lost out on...
“Good.” He grasped Steve’s arm and said, “Let’s go check on our boys.”
Peggy threw back her head and laughed a full minute, making Howard smile. He hadn’t heard her laugh like that since before Steve and Bucky died. She'd grown too serious with her work in SHIELD.
things to you…”
Maybe he should give Steve Rogers a call after all...
It pissed him off. It disgusted him. This was Bucky. This was his friend, a man who supported him and Steve when the rest of the world was against them. He had been one of the most caring, funny, and loyal men he’d ever met…and Hydra turned him into a monster and then treated him like trash when they had no use for him.
Coulson squeezed his shoulder and silently left his side. He disappeared behind some double doors and Tony somehow inherently knew he was going to watch over Steve as they worked on him.
Was the doctor playing a joke on him?
. I can’t go out in public without fearing for the people with me or the strangers around me because at any moment they could be hurt because someone is attacking
Logan touched the side of his nose and said, “Need I remind you of my sense of smell.”
the goddamn Iron Man. Tony stated, “I just want the information on the Captain’s shield.”
“Spider
The elevator opened for him. It was empty so he pressed the button for his floor and then closed his eyes as he imagined being physical with Wade.
“How would you feel?” Tony asked. His son also valued his privacy.
“Not here, it’s rare and costs a pretty penny. The Russians used to be the go to guys for the metal, but supplies have dwindled since the war started…Why do you need it, Cap? Want to make your shield shinier?”
Hello! I am back!! Sorry for the delay! Life has been supercalifragilisticexpialidociously busy! And it will remain so for the rest of this month! So the next chapter will probably take just as long to come out!
Cable brought the old phone up to his ear and only said, “Nick.”
“Goddamnit,” he repeated a little louder. The news broadcast switched over to the watch on Tony’s house as all waited for the Mandarin to make his move.
Pepper sighed heavily and then walked back to the desk and picked up the chip he had wanted her to use to infiltrate the Stark Industries’ servers. She reminded him with an imploring tone, “You’re all I have too, you know?”
Steve ran his thumb over his bottom lip and remembered the wondrous feeling of Tony’s lips on his then sadly replied, “Yeah…I know…”
They did not hear anything lockdown like one would hear with a car when its locks were engaged with a loud click but Steve trusted that the room was secure and no one would be disturbing them.
And it was directing it at the incompatible creature trying to mate with its host.
Breathing shallowly, Steve gasped, “Did – Did he just recognize me?”
That was not at all like Peter. Peter wouldn’t have left after such an emotional exchange. That wasn’t him. That was not the caring superhero Wade fell for. What was wrong? What was Wade missing? Wade clearly fucked up with the dinner but what else was he not getting??
He went straight to his backpack and pulled out the torn mask. He took a needle and thread out of his desk and then went to the living room. He turned on the television and settled on the couch with mask and threaded the needle. The process for repairing his mask was a slow one and Peter used the television program to keep his mind busy. Paying attention to the program and the stitching kept him from growing too bored.
Steve dropped his gaze with a flush as he remembered the prior night. He was an emotional wreck but Bucky did not take advantage of him though he had clearly wanted to…
Venom hummed then relaxed its grip on Hulk. It dropped its head and, as its head touched down on the ground, the black mass dripped away and Peter’s wide eyes met his.
Tony woke with a startled gasp that made Bucky jump and his adrenaline immediately burn away any boredom he had been feeling.
Captain Rogers’ eyes widened with understanding and he whispered, “What do I need to do?”
{You’re seriously overthinking this. Peter himself said he doesn’t care what the press thinks.}
Steve uneasily scanned the readings on Tony’s display. First Clint’s family and now this? What was happening?
“Tony! What’s going on?!”
“You can go back to sleep,” Bucky said. “Steve said you didn’t get much…”
It was everything Steve had wanted and they weren't even naked yet. Kissing Tony alone made Steve feel like he was free falling into an endless sky of the universe.
Wade held her hands and haltingly explained what happened to Peter. Her grip was surprisingly strong and was the only sign to him that she was just as scared for Peter as him as it tightened exponentially through his account. Her expression was immobile and stout, and Wade felt comforted by it. If she could be strong, even when her world was on the verge of being destroyed, then so could Wade.
Peter elbowed Wade and hissed, “Shut up and focus on the fight.”
“Papa!” Peter gasped, frightened by all that was happening. Cameras flashed as Peter clutched his neck and burrowed his face into his chest.
“I promise,” Steve whispered, afraid to raise his voice any higher.
Tony’s eyes widened and he stared at Steve as if he held the power to turn the Earth. Everyone was waiting for Tony’s reply and were staring at him but his eyes were riveted on Steve only.
Frustration and a bitter despair spurned Bucky to turn away and rush over to Howard. The inventor had thrown on a welding mask that covered his entire face and thick gloves. In one hand he held the core and in the other a welding stick.
But first they were going to send him back to the future.
Peter wondered if it could even look like a plain shirt and Venom moved without any more prompting. It slid out of its beaker and over Peter’s body. It wrapped around him and then settled itself over his shirt, looking like a plain black t-shirt.
Tony looked like crap. Peter could tell he hadn’t gotten any sleep and he was extremely disheveled. He was even wearing the clothes he had worn yesterday… When their eyes met, Tony’s gaze grew wary.
The Soldier’s hand tremored on the doorknob.
“That, sir, will give a major clue to your identity,” Jarvis stated. “And I recommend using shorter terminology.”
They barely interacted in the battle and he hadn’t seen his son in years.
Steve put his hands on his hips, wearing a frown Tony was starting to become oh-too familiar with in the weeks since he met Steve, and his mate stated, “You’re wearing an undershirt as protection for your torso? Where are the gloves? The fire-retardant clothing?”
Steve stepped up behind him and placed the coffee under Tony’s nose. It was something he always did to grab Tony’s attention it felt almost silly doing it now. He felt like a different Steve did it and the current Steve was stepping out of place. Tony’s nose twitched then he inhaled deeply, his nostrils expanding to take in the robust smell. Behind his reflective goggles, Steve could not read his eyes and it made him a little uneasy.
Lust rushed through his body at the thought and Steve crawled back over to Tony. Tony was grinning madly up at him and fell back onto the bed when Steve hovered over him.
Bucky dropped his duffle and wrapped his arms around the back of his neck, drawing Steve closer into the kiss. Steve melted into him and dug his fingers into Bucky’s scalp.
Peter was better by the time he got to Wade.
Before indecision could stop him, Peter quickly typed out his gut response:
“You promised me that there was nothing between you. You said we were going to be together,” Tony whispered into the speaker, his voice to low Steve almost could not make it out.
He didn't interact much with the man but had heard varying stories about him from the rest of the team. He didn't know how to pin him. What kind of man was he?
“Steve,” Bruce whispered, sounding somewhat speechless, and drawing both his and Tony’s attentions. “You were right, this is a symbiote, but it’s been
Bucky did not like Fury and Tony didn’t want his friend to have to deal with him anymore than he had to, so he had taken the call in the workshop. The walls were soundproof and it wasn’t abnormal for Tony to be in there at any hour of the day so Bucky wouldn’t poke his head in to check on him anytime soon.
Peter’s gaze snapped back to the photo of his father and desperately searched for anything recognizable.
Tony picked up his head to see Steve smiling at him with a pleased expression. Tony held his hand out to Steve and asked, “So, friends?”
“Steve, please,” he replied. “And yes, I need to contact my commander. I am with the Army and I was on a mission.”
“No,” Norman interrupted Tony before he could finish his second question.
Bucky sat down next to her, his expression suddenly serious and Steve slowly sat down, strangely feeling like a perp in an interrogation room…
“No!” Tony gasped. “Let him go!” Tony got to his feet and said, “Let me handle it! Let me…let me fuck up again…” Tony groaned and said, “Ugh, I need to call Pepper…”
She closed her eyes, listened to the sounds of Peter’s breathing, and waited. In short time, Peter’s breathing grew even and Mary knew he fell back asleep.
“What?” Steve hissed.
Tony’s body was overtaxed by the emotional bout and he fell back asleep in minutes. Steve spent the remaining time staring at him, trying to ingrain his façade into his mind’s eye so he could take the visage of Tony with him at least…
Tony ignored his atrocious hangover and jumped to his feet. He gasped, “I can expla—!” He stopped and clutched his mouth as his stomach revolted upon the quick movement. He pushed past Steve and ran straight to the box that still held the half full whisky bottle and vomited all the contents of his stomach into it.
Mary looked just as she did in all the photos Ben had of her and the more recent recordings Tony had managed to get from Oscorp.
“Yes, mom,” Tony sighed and put down the coffee to oblige his mate. It was take out from his favorite Indian place. As soon as he opened the box, his mouth started to salivate from the heavenly smells and he dove in with the complementary plastic fork that had been taped on the cover.
If Wade had woken up when Peter had needed him, he would have been able to grab a hold of him and stop Venom like he had last time.
Steve chuckled and replied, “No, you have never given me flowers and you don’t have to.”
Finally, Tony broke their kiss and said, “We need to find Peter.”
“I’m doing great,” Eddie replied with a weak smile.
He needed to get out of there. He couldn’t stay or he would freeze to death. But where was here?
He sped up the construction to that section in particular so, in a little over a month, he was able to fly his odd little family under the premise of checking on the building status and taking a weekend trip to New York.
He’d rather be known as Stark’s illegitimate son than Stark’s once-blood feud nephew.
The Howard he remembered was a cold, calculating man and, as a child, he seemed he wanted to be rid of Tony, so much so, that Howard's happiest day was probably when he sent Tony off to boarding school.
But Tony knew it was an absolute
“Okay, good!” Steve replied. To Coulson, he said, “Thank you, I can’t imagine how much this is worth!”
can be the one to break that news to Pepper over dinner.”
Steve sighed heavily. They were working together and doing it alone but this is not how he imagined Part Four of Tony’s scheme to turn out.
Natasha sighed heavily and put down her spoon. She stated, “Look. I am not going to keep calling you ‘teacher.’ It’s weird and…” She sighed lightly and continued, “You are my soulmate and, if we are going to live together with that knowledge, then we need to at least try to be friendly. So my name is Natasha, what is yours?”
Cable held up the time glove, now affixed to his hand like it was made to be there and said, “I paused time for everyone but us.”
“You two look ecstatic,” Gary stated as they reached his cart.
“Now that he’s alone you can properly apologize,” Peggy stated smartly,pulling him off to the side to make their conversation more private.
Venom was still groaning and time seemed to move infinitesimally slower as Brock nervously looked over the information.
done anything like this!
Steve clenched his fists and gave into his anger. He hated that everyone knew Tony was alive before him, hated that he was manipulated into guarding the President, hated that Peter was far away from him, hated that Tony was God knows where and was probably risking his life and too stubborn to ask for help, hated that Bucky was in the same room as him and was watching him with heated eyes that made him feel things he wanted to deny feeling, but mostly, he hated himself, the cause of all of this.
Steve shook his head and said, “You need to eat.”
Wade picked up his head and grinned at him. Peter took the opportunity to kiss him again and Wade pushed into it with a relieved sigh.
Steve bit down on his lip and wordlessly cuddled the man closer to his chest as ran his fingers through Tony’s hair.
Steve listened with a small smile and nestled his face closer to Tony’s to follow along better and to just be closer to Tony.
She smiled sadly at him and replied, “No, you are not wholly him right now. Nor are you Steve’s Bucky. But both are buried deep inside and maybe my James might never resurface…” Her heart twisted in her chest at the thought and flashes of their time together crossed before her eyes in an endless parade of happy, bittersweet memories. She sighed, “But you are my soulmate and being your soulmate comes with tasks of more than just loving you…I will also be there in times like these when you don’t even know yourself. Through thick and thin, you’re stuck with me.”
Steve collapsed to his knees as if his tendons had been cut.
“Project Winterwidow Two: Flowers,” Tony stated days later, finally making up his mind.
“Then you have me,” Steve replied, he kept his head lowered, knowing the Red Skull would delight in the submissive action.
Natasha nudged James and said, “Maybe Steve should be the one to let the team know the package is secured.”
Tony shook his head and whispered, “J…his systems got messed up. He doesn’t remember all of it…” The AI didn’t remember Tony and Steve falling in love, or the different realities of the future they experienced, nor how Tony got sick in the first place.
“All of you are blasphemers!” Tony hissed, he elbowed Natasha, who was sitting at his side and demanded, “You aren’t going to join them too, are you?”
He wanted to form a bond.
Cable dropped a few more smaller pieces into the bag and he murmured, “These will have to do. We’ll scavenge for extra parts in the other era. We’re out of time.”
“To think…our two years lie, we could really have been together all this time,” Steve murmured against his boyfriend’s lips. Boyfriend. God, he
His son wore a smaller version of Tony’s hospital gown and already looked so much healthier since Steve last saw him. Venom stirred excitedly and, in his excitement, the symbiote was able to make Steve take a step toward Peter. Steve wanted to study all of Peter’s improvements but he had to tear his eyes from Peter and it felt like he was tearing himself in two.
“And I’m going to still love you just as much as I love you right now,” Tony promised.
Peter’s eyes, the same vivid blue as Steve’s, focused on Tony.
Bucky rolled his jaw thoughtfully then groaned, “I will try to spar with her but there is no way in hell I am going to try to kiss her.”
Peter gasped, “B-But I was going to save him…” He turned in Aunt Tasha’s arms and looked for the truth in her eyes. When he saw her naked despair, Peter repeated, “
Tony shrugged and said, “New priorities, new interests…the Avengers became more important than getting laid. But enough about me! So ‘us’…we’ll say we started two years ago. How should it start?”
of July fireworks displays from the last five years going off in my head all at once! Then after that I started to pay attention. I noticed you watching me, saw the looks you gave me when you thought I was not looking. And you liked to touch me more than friends usually touched so I took courage from those gestures and made my move. I was still freaked out that I had constructed the signs in my head and you would reject me though…But you did not,” Tony said with a stupid grin that Steve instantly mirrored.
Tony spun around to see his Aunt Peggy looking at him in question. Tony still couldn’t get over how young and beautiful she was.
“You left it on her bed?” Steve asked to confirm the answer already knew.
“We think so,” Coulson replied with a nod. “But we don’t want the public to know his condition or…how it occurred.”
His father talked to him and tried to get him to mess up and reveal something about the future, his maker, or the tech of his suit. Tony caught it every time and chided his dad for every try.
Tony slid his hand behind Steve’s neck and shrugged as he murmured, “We’d have come out eventually. Might as well get an early start on it.” Steve smiled and Tony’s eyes sparkled. Tony asked, “Want to make the front page with me, babe?”
He entered the kitchen expecting no one else to be in there so he jolted to a stop when he saw the figure hunched over the oven. The stranger straightened with a snap and Howard could barely make him out in the darkness of his kitchen, but he could tell the man had half of his face covered. He clearly wasn’t there with good intentions in mind.
Tony glanced at his flaming red 1932 Ford Flathead Roadster with a grin and said, “Tell you what, throw a little hot-rod red in there.”
Clint glanced at the body and said, “That guy’s Hydra.”
“Yeah, I—,” he started to say and jolted when the device suddenly started to beep then out of nowhere a woman’s voice announced, “The call has been dropped. Please redial and try again.”
Bucky was real.
His nose suddenly tingled as it picked up another scent: cigar smoke. It was probably from one of Wade’s neighbors. Peter tucked his face deeper into the crook of Wade’s neck so he would only smell Wade.
It was still years away. Peter was probably going to get his doctorate first and Wade was still establishing his new identity in the superhero community.
He kept him up to date with the goings on with the team and the rest of the world. Everything was messy with the population redoubling after five years, but people were banding together to get through it. Most were happy. Their loved ones had returned to them.
“Oh, Tony…” Steve whispered morosely.
“So he’s where you got your geekiness from,” Wade nodded to himself like he was knowledgeable.
“T-Tony I-I n-never – I’ve never done this-,” Steve stammered, not sure if Tony knew.
Steve smiled warmly at him. That’s right. He was back in the present. Steve no longer had to struggle with events to save the future. He only had to live it now…with Tony.
At the moment, however, he wondered who the hell was throwing explosives at them right before Tony got his hands in Steve’s pants.
Steve nodded and said, "If you keep trying, Peter will see you care."
People still walked down the street and laughed without a care. Traffic consistently got worse at rush hour. The sun rose and set. Clouds migrated across the sky. The world turned on its axis and Pops rotted in his grave.
Tony thought back to the projection of the older version of his father the alternative Jarvis had shown him. What would it had been like with Howard, knowing what he did now? Would they have worked together like they did in the alternative timeline? Would his father smile warmly at him like he was proud like he had in the projection? Would Tony call him “Dad”?
He yelled, “Maria, get yourself and Tony out of the house!”
Steve’s shield came flying out of nowhere and ripped through all of the metal arms before he could finish his boasting speech.
Steve shifted everything he was holding to one hand in order to drape his arm over Tony’s shoulders. He whispered into his ear, “Your prize is me, tonight…tomorrow…and all the days after.”
He didn’t even have a chance to know he was going to die, nonetheless, realize that Tony had known he was going to die all along…
With a sigh of relief, Peter whispered, “Oh, thank God.” He fell back onto the bed and ran his fingers over Venom. It was still wrapped around his wrist in disguise of a watch. He relaxed and felt his exhaustion weigh down on him. He shooed his parents away, saying, “Now that it is decided, let me get another hour or two of sleep.”
Next Time, Ch. 11: Home
"I...I'm sorry," Bruce whispered, finally looking at Bucky.
So, he waited and sleep tugged at his conscious, pulling him deeper into the dark void of oblivion. Time passed differently in the void. What felt like seconds were actually minutes…and a minute turned into an hour. By then, Wade was fully asleep and the bed remained empty, save for himself.
“Mainly, he warned to not let the media find out on their own…that we should tell them,” Peter replied.
Tony’s eyes flashed with anger and hurt. He stepped up to Steve so only inches separated them and Tony lashed back, “I am putting
Tony’s hold on him tightened and he replied, “Hi, Steve.”
Thor’s expression grew dark and murmured, “Much has happened in Asgard since I last came to Midgard.”
“You’re not a jerk, Dad. You…You just want to be there for me as a ‘dad’ but it can be a little stifling at times. There are some days I do appreciate it. You’re my dad and I didn’t get to have the whole father-son experience growing up…I had Richard and then Uncle Ben but it wasn’t the same. It wasn’t
But he could clearly remember the tiny gasp Steve made as his lips brushed against Tony's mouth when they nearly kissed. And the way Steve’s hips unconsciously pressed into Tony’s when Tony moved beneath him. And the way Steve’s flush made his eyes look more defined and blue and made Tony not want to look away but sink into those blue depths.
They should have gone straight to Peter and informed the rest of the team but as soon as Steve’s lips moved against his he lost all rational thought. But who could blame him? Tony never thought he would kiss this man again and being able to do it simple blew all form of intelligence from his mind.
“Until we figure out who he is, let’s call this guy ‘Enigma’,” Tony said, slowly turning on his chair to face forward again.
Wade tipped his beer to Peter and stated, “I know, I look like a testicle with teeth.”
The implant was attached to the largest vein in his arm and the blood acted as a sort of bloody hydronic system to power the implant. He must have completely destroyed the vein and would bleed out in minutes.
“Captain America needs to keep his glorious ass on that side of the country,” Tony stated with obviously forced humor. “Look Cap, the Mandarin hinted at bigger things to come. You know these wackos always go for New York first or if they want to be ‘original’ then D.C. The majority of the major cities are on your side of the country. Last I heard, Nat and Clint were in Afghanistan. You, Thor, and Bruce keep an eye on the east coast. I will keep an eye on the west.”
Across the field, the Norman Osborn sat up with an angry huff. He’d lost consciousness for only a few seconds and the goblin formula was already wearing off because of it. He was in his puny human shell again. He only had one more canister of the formula left. He needed to make it last and count...but even with the formula, he knew he was no match for two of the strongest members of the Avengers.
“That sounds disgusting!” Steve gasped, imagining the chips being soaked in cheese and red sauce.
“You look good,” Steve assured him. Tony glanced up at him in the mirror’s reflection and saw the super soldier looked a little flushed.
“Just for you kid, come on!” His dad urged and Peter could not say no.
Jarvis said nothing and Tony sadly chuckled to himself, trying to put on a fake face for his robot. He tried to put Jarvis at ease and sauntered in the direction of the barracks where he'd been assigned a bunk. He walked slowly, enjoying the night and reminiscing that short walk he shared with Steve. Jarvis followed, not far behind but silent.
“It’s alright,” he said as he waved her off. He stepped past the suits and asked Bucky, “You’re not going to hurt me, are you?”
He handed the duffle bag to Steve and said to the super soldier, “I’ll expect a full report about what really occurred in the past. Stark was not very forthcoming but I hope we’ll have a better conversation. Take this as a token of our future appreciation.”
“Bucky and I shared a smaller bed when we lived together. I’m fine with it as long as you are,” Steve replied.
Steve leaned forward on his elbows and deadpanned, “You want to know about the physical aspect of my relationship with your father?”
He’d slowly been growing used to the idea that everyone knew Tony Stark was his father but the thought of his two lives converging was still surreal to him.
He and Tony had discussed the possibility of their eventual son
Memories of last night came back to him and he smiled.
Steve felt his jaw drop in surprise but he made no attempt to pick it up. He looked across the room to where Bucky had been lounging on the couch next to Clint and saw him sit up straighter with his eyes locked onto the Black Widow.
Tony’s eyes shot open and his image of Steve was gone.
, be quiet.”
His voice was broken. He might not want them to do it but he knew they would take it all again. He was strong, a super solider, and to control him they must have taken memories away from him along with his freedom. He knew it and accepted it.
“We’ll find something,” Bruce reassured him and Bruce’s mouth tightened into a hard, thin line as his gaze returned to his reports.
“I’m going to guess it may have to do with the crack?” Steve guess, holding up the shield with a smirk.
Steve jumped at the chance to explore the groves and textures of Tony’s face. While cupping his face, he rubbed his fingers repeatedly over the skin and felt his heart beat quickly beneath the skin. Tony closed his eyes and shuddered as Steve ran his fingers through his hair. Steve froze, shocked by the shudder, and Tony whispered, “No, no don’t stop. That felt
!” Coulson gasped, “Do not use that hammer like that again!
Steve rubbed the back of his hand across his lips to get the tingling feeling of Tony off him and angled his body away from Tony.
Bucky nodded curtly and moved next to Peggy, probably to make sure to stop her if she tried to follow them.
Steve smiled sadly at him and whispered, “Thank you…You’ve done more than enough. You…You’re a good friend, Tony. Thank you, for everything.”
The suit moved without any warning and Jarvis flew him out of the crumbling helicarrier and away from the area.
Norman chuckled. Never mind. It was perfect now. Stark got the contract and Norman did not. He always looked down on Norman as if he were beneath him. Norman will gladly show him his true place under his foot.
“I…I have to go,” Steve murmured, not meeting his eyes.
His father knew Tony Stark. Why didn't he know that? Why did no one tell him?
“I can try,” Steve joked, making Tony laugh.
It was mentioning his brother that stopped him. Hulk retained some semblance of Bruce’s memories so he knew Peter to be Gamma-radiated too. He always saw Peter as his little brother and was very protective of him.
Natasha’s breath hitched at the sound. His eyes rolled back into his head and he fell. Natasha jumped to him, catching him before he hit the floor.
Howard called Peggy first thing in the morning.
He cracked open his eyes and took in his surroundings. He was in a huge tent shaped similarly to a house. It look to be twenty-by-thirty feet in size but seemed smaller because of all of the equipment…and this equipment, he’d never seen anything like it.
The possibilities were endless.
“Oh, you’re no fun,” Tony said, falling onto the couch next to Steve. He grinned cockily at Steve and Steve could not help but grin back.
He dropped his implant and whispered, “I never wanted something before now.”
Bucky quirked an eyebrow and leaned closer as he whispered, “Something’s going on between you two, isn’t there?”
Steve cupped his mouth to stifle the cry that threatened to escape but Jarvis still managed to hear him.
I experienced many highs and lows in real life while writing this fic and all your kudos and comments made life a little bit better, so thank you! Until next time! :)
“Pepper can handle it,” Dad stated, nuzzling his face against Pops’ jaw. “You are
“She does not hate you,” Steve corrected. “She told me herself that she was hurt and angry but she never used the words hate…”
Steve’s eyes widened. He expected the suit to be operated by Jarvis. He gasped, “Tony?”
Pepper went to bed after that and Tony showed Bucky to the room that would be his from now on. Bucky had already seen the room on the tour but, when Tony told him it was his, Bucky walked around the room, taking it all in again. All of the bedrooms were on the second floor, overlooking the infinity pool and the ocean but the shutters were still down so the room seemed very locked in to Tony. He assured Bucky, “Once you feel comfortable enough, we’ll raise the shutters and you’ll have a great view…”
Steve felt blessed and crushed all at once.
Steve stayed with Tony that night. The emotional upheaval had exhausted Tony and he passed out in Steve’s embrace. Steve lay beside him in the cot but did not sleep.
Steve chuckled and then, in the most husky voice he’d ever come out of his husband, Steve whispered in his ear, “Where is it?”
“This is about your Uncle Ben, isn’t it?” Tony realized. “
Peter returned the kiss for a few seconds, but grabbed his things and then slipped out of Wade’s hold. Wade flapped his arms around to regain his balance as he lost his center of gravity from Peter’s sudden absence.  He looked down the wall to where Peter was sticking to it, cocking his head to the side in confusion.
He was suddenly struck in the head and his mind went reeling.
Venom hummed with content as they moved. Their kill was nourishing but was not near enough to abate his hunger.
Maybe his old friend was unable to follow him to Brooklyn, maybe he was waiting for him at the tower…He tensed his shoulders and cranked the throttle on the gas.
Under the frigid water, Tony did last minute calibrations to the underwater pipe that would house the final electrical connection to his tower and then covered them with a plate of metal. He narrowed the beam to his palm repulsor and sealed away the precious materials.
Peter cried harder and Tony rocked him, humming a nonsensical tune to try to comfort him because he knew with the depth of his grief he could not speak anymore.
Steve's heart clenched.
“The additional pounding in my head from laughing was worth it,” she sighed, rubbing her forehead.
Tony carded his fingers into Steve’s hair and let the man dip him slightly. A few seconds later, they broke apart, both wearing smiles, but stayed connected via their clasped hands. They turned to their audience together and Steve announced, “Tonight, Tony and I would like to come out as a couple.”
Despite the predicament he was in, Tony had always been brave and all smiles. He never expressed any worry to Steve about his wounds and even before than, since he arrived in the past, Tony did not show much worry about his predicament. But now…but now Steve could plainly see the fear in Tony’s eyes.
Tony gasped, “As far as I am concerned, Barnes kissed
Wade suggested, “How about my place?” He then kissed Peter’s neck and his hands dug into his waist, leaving little to the imagination what Wade had planned to do with him there. He whispered into Peter’s ear, “We can pick up where we left off this morning…”
Eventually, Pepper stood and murmured, “I’m going to make some coffee and then we’ll do whatever it is you’re up for, okay?”
Had Steve survived he would have loved to see the drawing…but he and his shield were now lost forever…He still had people looking for him, but he knew by now it was a lost cause…Poor Tony would have no grave to return to…just the memorial in D.C.
Kilian wasted no time and jumped on Tony, just as he was pushing himself up. He slammed Tony back down and placed his glowing hand on Tony’s chest. The suit instantly glowed red with heat beneath his touch. Tony bared his teeth with pain but did not make any noise, probably to spite Kilian. Kilian bent over Tony and whispered something exclusively to Tony. As Steve pulled himself out of the wall, he saw Tony lean in close and quietly reply with a smirk. A blade shot out of his armored arm and he used it to cut off Kilian’s glowing arm.
dating me,” Steve teased, shaking the shoulder Tony’s head rested on.
For years, he never felt anything but anger or annoyance whenever he thought about his mate…until the day he was kidnapped.
All he was able to feel and think of was pain. It took him a few minutes to feel more than the hurt and comprehend he was conscious. In addition to the pain, his mind was foggy and befuddled. He could barely tell right from left nonetheless tell what had happened.
(See the end of the chapter for
She didn’t need to look at her timer to know how much time she had left. She could see her timer in her mind, ticking away. Only two minutes remained.
“…Nat-,” he began.
Steve quickly adverted his gaze from the gore.
Steve gently ran his hand over Bucky's back and murmured, "Oh, Buck..."
Thor ripped off the golden plated face shield, revealing Tony’s closed eyes.
“I’m okay, buddy,” Steve murmured huskily to Peter, trying to hide the emotion in his voice. “D-Do you want some ice cream? I thought I saw a vender up the ways.”
But, with Steve’s glare, his friend’s melancholy disappeared. Tony grinned to himself from his success.
“Boarding school. I know you didn’t want him to go, but we both did, so it won’t be strange if we sent him. It’ll be the best excuse to keep him away from me and safe…”
“Oh, yeah!” Tony laughed. He turned to Bucky and poked him in the chest and stated, “So no ammunition belt!”
“Baby boy, you’re not getting anything but water or soda from this guy.”
Steve chuckled and leaned forward to steal a quick kiss. Their lips only touched briefly but it was further proof that this wasn’t all for show and that they both wanted to be together…Tony smiled goofily at Steve after the kiss and was tempted to lean forward and kiss his just as chastely.
Nervously fiddling with the buttons on his shirt, the Hydra agent glanced uneasily at the Americans and then looked to Tony. He stated, “The Red Skull invested in many new technologies that could be used to expand our influence which was why we created this machine. We wanted to be able to alter the outcome of past battles to our favor or snatch superior weapons from the
Steve quirked an eyebrow in confusion.
will be the one devouring you, Steve,” Tony moaned. Steve blushed, biting back another groan as Tony’s tongue found its way into his mouth.
Tony cupped Peter’s face and whispered, “
His mind stopped functioning past the fact that Tony was gone. Anything else, including how he was supposed to function in this new world without his fiancé, he couldn’t envision.
The movie started and Friday dimmed the lights.
Steve whispered, “Tonight was wonderful.”
What was left? Did he even have emotions left?
“Did the Chameleon know what the guy was after?” Tony questioned tersely. His grip tightened around his coffee mug.
Warning for brief mentioning of suicide.
Bruce did not testify, stating his temperament would not be able to handle it, and both the defense and prosecution wisely did not fight him on it.
“I love you,” Steve whispered into his mouth as their kiss broke.
This was not a dream. Dear God, it was real. His heart stopped beating and rolled down to his stomach where it landed heavily.
Norman looked more amused than alarmed. He was completely relaxed in Steve’s hold and asked, “Why, Captain, did I hit a sore spot? I was only respecting an employee’s privacy. This woman isn’t a relation to you. You’re acting like –
When Peter woke up, he could tell he had been asleep for a long time but not long enough to refresh him. He felt extremely sluggish as he sat himself up and the pressure in his forehead foreshadowed the coming of an exceptionally bad migraine.
super solider! Tony was an idiot! He shouldn’t have let him get so close. His helmet was malfunctioning and the visor was going out. He needed to remove it. He took it off and glared at the Red Skull with his own eyes. He dropped the helmet as the Red Skull sat himself up straighter in the rubble.
“Hey,” Tony murmured, cupping the side of Steve’s face. He sat a knee in the place he would occupy at Steve’s side and murmured, “Pretend they’re not there and it’s just us, like last night.”
“Yeah, that got a little out of hand,” Steve replied with a smile.
Tony and Steve were in a dressing room, behind the main stage, and were
When Tony returned to Bucky's side, to retrofit His arm socket, Bucky was quiet at first. But after a few moments had passed, Bucky stated, “Steve was my friend…”
“I can’t tell yet. I need to run some more tests but if the Goblin really did make this then he had to have had a huge facility to properly use the gamma-radiation. Maybe there we can find out Venom’s origins and how to separate it from Peter and you.”
“Remember how we told you guys how we started dating after Steve was unfrozen?”
Steve chuckled and then murmured, “I’ll be there in another 30 seconds.”
He just needed to get some shut eye and think this all over with a fresher mind.
Tony kicked off his jeans hastily, making Steve laugh. But then Steve’s weight settled onto Tony and he groaned in approval. Without his jeans on, he could feel so much more but it was also a reminder that he needed to get the rest of Steve’s clothes off now.
“No sexy-time,” Tony groaned, pulling back from him.
But, when they cuddled again, just before Tony woke, Steve looked at his fingertips again as he noted the numb feeling and darkly wondered what it could mean
“I’m from the future, keep up, dude,” Tony retorted.
Mjölnir sent out another shockwave when Thor raised it over his head for the first time since Odin had cast it to Earth.
His target took the seat Hawkeye vacated and Stark leaned against the wall in the corner of the room. As soon as she touched her chair, he jumped to his feet the best he could and lunged threateningly at her. His shoulder joints ached as he tried to wrench his arms from the makeshift manacles on the floor. Stark twitched but she did not flinch.
Steve’s arms began to shake and he dug his fingers deeper into the damp ground.
“Little brat better have a good reason…” Tony murmured, pulling on his boxers. “Friday, connect me to Peter!” He waited a few seconds for the connection, and then he growled, as menacing as possible, “
Whatever the cause of the instability, it was not the internal components...
“If we go into the relationship with a certain mindset, I think it can be,” Tony confidently retorted. Tony had personally been in relationships with a few celebrities just for the press and they went into it with a contract laying out how long the relationship would last. Steve was obviously different than the more callous people he’d been in a relationship with and Tony couldn’t wait to see how their relationship would progress.
He’d gone back to the future.
why I am so angry? Why I do not want to talk to him?”
Steve was trying to assure him. His despair must be as clear as day but it just made everything so much worse.
Both he and Steve exhaled heavily in relief. Neither had eyes for the screens around them, depicting their emotional past reunion. They only had eyes for each other. Tony turned around in Steve’s arms and kissed him without anymore prompting needed. Tony’s hands had returned to him and he used them to drag fingers through his husband’s hair, scratching at his scalp to pull him as close as possible.
Tony’s heart lodged into his throat and he spun around and gasped, “D-Did you say Zola??”
They ran over to the hole and looked down, expecting to see her splattered on the ground stories below. Miraculously, she had landed on a shipping container being moved by one of the cranes. She hung dangerously off the side, pinned by the metal.
“Stark,” Fury retorted, making his name sound like an offense. “So nice of you to pick up. I need to speak to you about serious business.”
That, combined with the gust of air produced from the blast, they were flung clear across the roof and into a partition.
A dozen people got on to the bus in the meantime and then they left. It was a little after three, so they were given a boxed lunch. Steve pocketed the money Father Michael had given him to save for later and ate every little crumb provided.
Steve reached out and lightly grasped Tony's hand as he whispered, “Goodnight, Tony.”
Wade slapped his forehead and gasped, “No! For how long?! Why didn’t you say anything??”
He had a name. He had his soulmate. And he was going to make damn sure he had a future with her.
“Ugh, the dopamine stench coming off you is ridiculous,” Logan grumbled, rubbing at his nose. “I’ve never smelt someone so smitten."
“Mmmm,” Tony hummed, not wanting to acknowledge why Steve would feel that…
"Sir, several images have recently been uploaded onto social media. Spider-Man is downtown. Would you like me to send you exact coordinates?"
Peter was sitting up in the infirmary bed and looked like he was smothering laughter. Wade had his mask pulled up to reveal the scarred, bottom-half of his face and he was grinning too.
Steve’s eyes welled up as he watched the online Tony joke and smile.
“There are more important things
Pepper had come over with forms to sign and she’d started talking about a scandalous affair between a front desk secretary and one of the town car drivers. Tony only half listened but hadn’t noticed her stop.
It was easy to do with Steve because he was such an amazing person that Tony always felt at ease in his presence. With Steve, things went back to normal and their friendship stayed as strong as ever.
. I should not have contacted you…”
,” Natasha hissed.
Peter slumped against him and pressed his forehead to his shoulder.
“Richard?” May gasped.
In the end, it was simple for Peter, Wade came before Spider-Man.
“Who is it?” Tony demanded but he already knew the answer.
The man crooked an eyebrow and said, “Have we met?”
Peter kept eating, watching him curiously.
Solo had also helped him to search for Peggy, to see if she was still alive…and she was… It took them a quick internet search at a library in a rundown neighborhood to find her.
he woke up.
Steve sat down on the couch next to him and asked, “What was it?”
His old office was exactly as how he remembered it, bright light coming in from the floor-to-ceiling windows, minimalist design with a lone desk sitting in the center of the large expanse, and still clean and pristine despite his months of absence. He had the nightly cleaning crew to thank for that, but it still unnerved him. His workshop had, had a layer of dust when he had returned from his captivity with the Ten Rings, attesting to his absence. This…This just made it feel like he had never been needed here. It was ridiculously symbolic to his position in the company and the symbolism seemed to keep mounting as Pepper fluidly slipped into the chair behind the desk and went onto the computer.
Steve grinned at Tony and replied, “Bucky used to swear by this and I am going to test it out...Though he did add a pinch of salt but even that’s taking it too far for me!”
“In the future,” Tony started, wanting to distract his super soldier. “…You were talking about going out on a date. Why don’t we go out and do that today?”
With a happy laugh, he ran through the open gates and to the main door to the house. He went to open it, but the doorknob was ripped from his grip before he got the chance and Steve’s gaze suddenly locked with a familiar dark blue gaze he thought he’d never see again.
Eight times out of ten soulmates eventually became romantically involved. In the back of his mind, Steve had just assumed once Tony was an adult and matured…
Steve stepped forward and stated, “Then I insist that we share breakfast together in the least.”
Also I added an extra scene in chapter one a few days after posting. So if you didn't see it, it's in the end note, it is Bucky and Natasha's confrontation seen from Bucky's POV so now you can see what was said in Russian! :)
There was no response…Tony did not expect one. As soon as the power was cut to the suit, so was Jarvis’s connection. His AI would act immediately, of course, and contact SHIELD, the French government, and anyone else that could help save its master.
Cue guilt fest.
Steve’s fingers dug into the flesh of his knees. He hoped all Ben prophesied was true and Ben’s wisdom did not fail him now.
Steve rubbed the back of his head and groaned, “I hope I did not just agree to something stupid.”
“Definitely,” Peter replied.
They were supposed to work in tandem and, because they were not, it ate away at both of them.
The Goblin threw back his head and laughed. Steve warily watched him, waiting for him to attack but the Goblin seemed to be in a talking mood. The Goblin sneered, “If it were not for me, the boy would not be alive and he would not have been gifted with such amazing powers. I gamma-radiated the Arachnid DNA myself. For as long as he lives, the boy will always be
Wade was running back to them, holding his lost arm.
Harry grinned shyly then crossed the room and pulled him out of bed. His nose wrinkled and he whined, “You stink, Parker.”
Bucky sat beside him and carded his fingers together slowly, as if he needed the time to calculate the move.
Tony did not reply with another ode of love. He lets his actions do the talking as he slowly rubbed his hips into Steve’s, slid his hand under his shirt, and grasped his jaw tightly in order to kiss him as filthily as possible.
“Ugh,” Tony groaned, turning in the cot to face away from the absolutely ridiculous, younger version of his father.
He found Tony bent over Peter’s bed. He was gently running his fingers through Peter’s hair and was whispering something to him.
“Yes, but, at this point, I think they’ll go if we asked,” she replied. “Most of their equipment has been moved to the more secure facility of Fort MacArthur.”
“Tony’s dead,” Steve stated, saying it aloud made it more real and final in his mind. A wave of pain washed over him, making his body shudder. He closed his eyes and rubbed them, crushing his eyeballs into his sockets.
Steve guiltily looked down and whispered, “I’m not attracted to men.”
“I had observed the entirety of the confrontation and determined it’d be best to bring Mr. Wilson to you,” the AI retorted.
hard not to think about what he was doing there or how far this now progressed their relationship.
Steve turned to him just as he rounded the car. He gasped, “I have to go after him.”
But it wasn’t a knife in Tony’s throat, but, a syringe with a light blue liquid.
“Yes,” Steve whispered. His hand hovered over Bucky’s mouth and he monitored Bucky’s breathing. Once he was sure the drug wasn’t going to have any adverse effects, Steve stood and faced Schmidt with clenched hands.
Feeling more afraid than he ever did in his life, Peter knew there was only one thing he could do.
“Maybe I got a good hand,” Steve teased.
“I need to speak with you privately, Pegs,” Steve whispered.
It was terrifying.
So on he moved through ice, snow, and the bitterly cold wind. A fine layer of ice covered his entire body, freezing every piece of him that was not moving into one position. The muscles in his legs creaked with protest, wanting to freeze up too but Steve would not stop. Stopping meant giving up and giving up meant freezing to death.
“We’re going to watch
“It will be lunchtime,
Tony tripped over his own feet and that flush to his cheeks grew. Steve turned to where the time traveler had stumbled to a stop. Tony was staring at him like he’d grow two extra heads, making Steve feel a little subconscious. Maybe it was too soon…How long did real couples wait? He never asked Bucky how many dates it usually took him until he asked a dame to bed.
The screens opened and he saw Steve and Bucky standing in front of him with worried expressions. Tony’s eyes lingered on Steve. He bit down on his lip and then murmured to the other men, “I will need to be in here a while…you guys should make yourselves comfortable in the meantime. We’ll figure out what happened when the suit is done charging.”
“Did he throw you? Are you alright?” Bruce whispered anxiously. Out of everyone on the team, Tony was the most fragile, especially out of his armor. Bruce did not wait for Tony’s reply quickly checked the rigidly of his neck and then ran his hands over other weak junctures in his body to make sure all the bones were whole and no skin was overly swollen. He then grabbed his wrist to check his pulse checking for any kind of stress.
Steve came first and he collapsed heavily onto Tony. But his amazing boyfriend did not leave him hanging and he crawled down Tony’s chest, pressing kisses into his flesh as he went, and he finally took him into his mouth. Tony barely had a chance to grasp Steve’s head before he came.
?” Steve quoted with a scoff.
Wade scrambled to his feet looking scared of him. Tony kept moving forward and did not stop until he collected the larger man into his embrace. Wade was stiff in his hold, like he didn’t know what to do, and Tony stated, “Save him. Save our Peter.”
Tony dug up everything about the Winter Soldier and tried to understand him or where he might take Steve. Any possible leads he sent to the others to follow up on and he continued to work as he waited on the results of their search. Everything was turning up futile.
So, no matter how much it broke his heart, Steve clenched his fists and silently watched him go.
Steve kicked off his shoes and pulled his shirt over his head. He sighed, “It feels like years since we last were alone.”
put someone in that position. Thank you. If you have any questions please direct them to Ms. Potts.”
He was still crying but he smiled at her and looked on the verge of laughing as he shook his head and murmured, “No, I guess not. We always seem to end up together again anyways.”
“Where am I, really?” He countered, seriously doubting he was home.
She nodded curtly and they took it as their dismissal. He and Tony left.
But, as he stretched his hands over his head, he heard it.
Tony loved to play checkers and was impressively very good at it. They were sitting in a old study with a checkerboard carved out of chestnut. Tony had imagined it for them and said it was one his favorite places to be in his home cluing Steve into how wealthy his family must have been. Tony did not seem to notice his wealth and Steve never drew attention to it.
“…I’ve wanted to talk to you abo-,” Steve began but upon the word “talk” Tony inhaled a gulp of liquid and immediately had a coughing fit. Steve stood up and worriedly gasped, “Are you alright?!”
“He does not know how to act around you,” Steve said gently. He didn't react at all negatively to Tony’s pessimism, another sign of how perfect he was...
Wade looked a little taken aback and he clarified, “…As your boyfriend, right?”
After a few minutes, Wade replied with, ‘Fine.’
! We didn’t even get to the best part!”
Tony’s heart jolted up and threatened to break free from his chest as his brain acknowledged Steve's touch.
“Well…I’ll see you later,” Peter murmured awkwardly and then hurried through the now unlocked door. He felt Jake’s eyes on him until the doors closed behind him.
“SHIELD, sir.”
Flushing, Tony murmured, “You're going to have to help me with this stuff…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony huffed loudly and frowned at Pepper. She was wearing her white dress suit and was keeping her distance from where Tony sat with the greasy pieces of his suit were laid out before him.
The Soldier had been sleeping in a bunker at a base in Cuba. He instantly sat up and drew his gun. The safety was off in an instant and his finger was on the trigger, but no one was there.
“Minus living in poverty, the acceptable homophobia, and TB?” Tony added with a smirk and gently carded his fingers through Steve’s.
Smirking, Steve got to his feet and said, “Alright, I’ll let the others know. We’ll move out in an hour.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered. Her wordless action was enough to inform him that her soulmate was dead.
Tony copied Steve and stripped down to his bare skin. He looked filthy but Steve felt just as grimy.  They probably should have taken a shower first but Steve did not even have the energy to sit up now that he was laying down. Tony was with him under the covers before the last of his clothes hit the floor and cuddled close to Steve.
Well...nothing other than the usual.
Steve sighed and corrected, “
Tony cupped his hands behind Steve’s shoulders and slowly dragged himself over Steve’s body until he was hovering over him. He’d never before seen a sleepy Steve and it was hot.
After Cable removed all the locks, bolts, and the wooden partition, they stepped out into sun. Steve took a moment to absorb some of its rays and then breathed in the fresh air deeply. The scent of sea salt filled his nose and immediately brought back memories of reaching Tony’s house on the sea cliffs. The joyous memory unfortunately was overlaid with a bitter sadness.
“Okay, Steve you know where the kitchen is. Grab some food. I will grab my laptop and my medkit. Tony, you clean that wound out the best you can in the kitchen at the sink. And Ma’am?”
interested in being a ‘real couple’ with you, Steve.”
“It’s good to have you back,” Tony whispered.
Tony was playing cool for Steve, but he was worried. He wasn’t 100% positive that nothing had changed. What if he disappeared forever? What if Peter was killed? What if something happened to the past Steve?
“It’s Extremis,” Tony explained grimly, also getting to his feet. He explained, “It is a compound that is highly unstable. It makes people crazy strong, able to heal from anything, and flammable…so flammable they can explode. Kilian’s the real Mandarin, not the one on TV. He’s been using these people as his bombs…He pumped Pepper full of it to get to me…Rhodey can you and Jarvis handle these goons out here, while I go save Pepper?”
“Tony says it suits me,” Steve replied dryly.
morning.”
Peter’s hands were under his shirt but Wade’s hands could find no disruption in the new black Spidey suit he was wearing. He groaned in frustration and cracked open his eyes. The sight he saw made him hiss in fear. Peter’s suit was
Everyone was sitting on the couch and they all called out greetings. Clint raised his arms like a referee, signaling goal, and announced, “The honeymoon faze is complete!”
He was tempted to kick over the Iron Man toy sitting on the floor but did not give into his desires for silence. Peter went into his closet and pulled out a black sweater with the Black Widow emblem on the back. He slipped it on then grabbed his Stark phone off his bed and put it in his pocket. Last but not least, he grabbed his sneakers, tied the strings together, and hung them around his neck like a scarf.
Peter pulled off the rest of his clothes and Wade was gifted with the beautiful sight of Peter well sculpted butt.
…Because Tony was not sure exactly what he was going to do.
Peter had hustled his way into Natasha’s arms and was excitedly telling her about his birthday so far. Natasha listened to his son with a small, peaceful smile.
“From the future,” Tony promptly reminded Gabe. He looked to Steve and asked, “Help me sit up. I feel useless laying down like this…”
In her pocket, she pointed the pistol at her soulmate and pulled the trigger.
,” she countered with more emotion. She sat up and cupped his face with both of her hands, forcing him to look at her. She sighed, “I don’t even know if you want to be called James anymore…I know you used to go by Bucky but, either way, I love
“You’re awake,” Tony gasped as he hungrily touched Steve’s face with a bewildered expression.
Tony bent over the tub and turn it on. Water rushed out of the facet and Tony pushed away from the tub. He slowly drew his hands up Steve’s body and then gently cupped Steve’s jaw. Steve dipped down and met Tony halfway to softly kiss.
“Sir’s arc reactor has been damaged beyond repair and needs to be replaced immediately,” Jarvis stated from Iron Man’s speakers. “Do you remember how to remove it?”
His mouth was so dry. He wanted to drink the vodka and his resolve was wavering.
Tony hit his head on the hood this time.
Tony was drawn away from his memories and he sat down on the couch next to Pepper as Rhodey started the projector. His father’s image flickered on and he began to talk about his expo. It was clearly scripted and had several outtakes so Tony wasn’t expecting much from it.
The first thing that caught his eye was that he had over 500 friend requests on Facebook.
. In addition, according to SHIELD’s files, he calls himself Thor Odinson, after the ancient Norse God of Thunder.”
He made his way to a bookcase and cracked open an old textbook and lazily perused through it. He even allowed himself to shortly geek out over the fact he now operated a private lab that was large enough to have a bookcase with reference texts.
Peter went straight to his computer and pressed the power button. The machine hummed to life and Peter sat in front of it. He logged onto the internet as soon as he was able but then paused as he stared at his search engine, not knowing where to go first. He was apprehensive about searching himself. He knew some of it wouldn’t be good…hell, most of it would probably be awkward or embarrassing.
Tony nodded and said, “Yup and you’re to blame.”
Steve grasped his arm and said, “Good for you…Is there anything you want before we head out?”
She hoped his odd manner was more from his fever than the effect of the machine.
“A glorious accomplishment,” Peter snorted sarcastically as he leaned back into Wade’s arms. Wade folded his arms back around his lover with a happy sigh.
Tony covered his ears and groaned, “Please stop, Pep! It’s not like that! He’s my friend and nothing more!”
Around him, the rest of the team sat in a tight circle around the table and all of them were equally and completely exhausted.
Steve ran his fingers over the image on the screen. He easily detached himself from his emotions and self-preservation. He could feel them break away as effortlessly as tethers on a hot air balloon. Steve whispered, “Peter is my son. I love him and Tony dearly… When Tony – When Tony started to help me take care of Peter, he did not touch a drop of alcohol…and I think he will do it again, especially when he is Peter’s only guardian…”
Peter smiled sweetly at his phone and quickly typed out, ‘Miss you too.’
Century. It didn’t help that there were also people who shipped them hard and made the most amazing (and filthily detailed) fanfictions which Wade totally read.
“You promised me before that you would not leave me for him but I have a feeling you can’t promise me that again,” Tony said with an uneasy smile.
sleep?”
“Seventeen,” Schmidt said and the machine’s claws beginning to dig in. He clutched his head and screamed, “
“Oh, Peter,” Tony moaned. How was he still alive? It could not be possible. He looked like he would shatter if Tony touched him.
Peggy was still there and she rushed over to them, gasping, “I sent a medic his way! Did he not reach him?”
“If you don’t come over here then I am going to get in my suit and follow you home and we can talk at your place. The choice is yours.”
Harry had demanded to see Spider-Man in person and Peter agreed. His best friend was away at boarding school but they still kept in communication. For once, Harry’s dad was letting him come down for winter break. To his parents, Peter said, “I’m going to need that jockstrap before Harry comes or he is
The image quality was amazing compared to the few photographs he'd seen in the forties. He clicked on one of Tony staring straight into the camera. It was the closest thing Steve had to staring into his eyes again and he did just that, staring into those dark hazel eyes as his heart twinged painfully.
It felt nearly as bad when he had lost Bucky. He felt so alone and depressed for days afterward that if it weren’t for Solo he didn’t know where he’d be.
How much of this was true?
“We are going to hook up tonight,” Wade interrupted with a smirk.
“Where are you, my asset?” Schmidt called and James stiffened beneath her hands.
Once outside, Steve kept running but his suspicions were confirmed.
“Tony…” Steve sighed apologetically to the younger man.
. He has nothing to do with us.” Steve’s eyes trailed to Bucky and his impersonal gaze. Bucky was acting like he didn’t even know him and it hurt. What happened to him? Steve’s heart broke and he stated, “Neither of them do.”
How long was he out? God…Peggy must be frantic.
’s wagons. A stray shot could damage it.”
“Yes, sir.”
Running became the perfect distractor.
Steve chuckled as his eyes locked onto the familiar sight. He’d used the north star on the little dipper’s handle countless times without a second thought. He whispered, “You’re right, there they are…You know there aren’t as many stars out in New York as there are here.”
“I can build firewalls to combat it but I can’t find any clues where this was made or by who…I might never figure it out. Whoever did this was smart,” Tony whispered, his gaze was hard as he stared at the holo-screens. “…What the hell did they want from
“How were you going to do that, Peter? Osborn’s Tower is blocks away and you have no idea if she is even in the building!”
Peter leaned into his touch with a content sigh. How could his dad not see how good Wade was to him?
“Whatever child we end up adopting will love that about you,” Steve interrupted, shocking him silent. A sudden nervous excitement and the overall happiness for the future erased his shocked expression, replacing it with a big smile to emulate his true feelings. They could do it and he and Steve could raise an awesome kid.
“Help,” Peter gasped. The cop stumbled to a stop and regarded Peter with shock before slipping into a serious, professional demeanor.
Tony smiled sadly and replied, “Most of them…”
Mary’s brows shot up and she gasped, “He wants to be a superhero?
Steve blinked at him owlishly and then looked to his lawyer, standing right in front of him. His lawyer asked, “Captain Rogers, would you like to take a break?”
alien DNA! We have no idea how it will react to our solution or our own DNA!”
It was the first time Steve was leaving Peter for an extended period and he was a nervous wreck about it. Jarvis had locked down the entire tower and Ben was there to personally watch Peter. He stopped by every weekday after work and luckily Doctor Doom choose that time to attack.
Leaning in to each other’s sides, Steve and Tony watched the polar bear as it swam and listened to Peter’s delighted giggles. They both verbally dropped the subject, he did not know about Tony, but Steve’s thoughts remained with Peter’s distantly related family.
It lasted much longer than Tony thought it would…
“Jeez, don’t make it sound like a difficult mission, Cap,” Tony teased, leaning in closer over the counter. He continued, “Alright, good to know we’re both onboard. Now, everyone already knows we’re best friends since we hang all the time. But once it gets out we’re dating then they’re going to put two-and-two together and assume we’ve been together longer and think our friendship was a cover for something deeper. So whenever we went to gala events together with no dates was actually because we were going with each other, comprendo?”
“No, you said the next time we go together you would make sure the paparazzi were there!” Steve retorted angrily.
“August 20
Peter shuddered.
Pleasure from the bite gave way to a trickle of pain. It was the flash of pain that did it. His eyes snapped open and he froze.
“I think…I think you should do what you want to do,” Wade stated carefully. “You can stay here with me or you can go back to the Tower…or you can go ride the Ferris wheel at Coney Island.”
He didn't know how his parents did it…the only ones who knew Steve and Tony had been dating was the team, Coulson, Pepper, Happy, and eventually Peter and Aunt May.
All the lust was gone from Steve’s eyes and he was looking around the lab with concern. Tony sat up on Steve’s lap and Steve sat up with him, looking sadly at the wall above the couch.
They both chuckled but then Tony turned back to him and said, “My dad is looking for you. Your picture is all over his study…I never really noticed until I looked through his old scrapbook.”
Bucky leaned in, as Steve was internally distracted, and kissed the side of his neck. Steve stiffened with a sharp inhale and his entire body froze from his shock at Bucky's bold move. Bucky was undeterred and nibbled on the large vein in his neck. Steve bit back a groan from the sensation. All the old fantasies, buried long ago surfaced and Steve felt his resolve falter.
After seeing the territory and adjusting it to his needs, Bucky seemed more comfortable in the house. Even with just one arm, the man moved around with the fluid ease akin to the big cats Tony had seen locked up at the zoo. Bucky was clearly still dangerous but, luckily in his eyes, Pepper and Tony were his cubs not his prey.
“Oh…” Steve looked up from the glow and saw Tony smiling at him. He flushed with embarrassment. Steve loved new things, especially the impossible. This man was the living embodiment of it and Tony clearly noted his wonder.
“So you let him die so I could live on as myself and not
None of them mentioned Tyler.
She’d already complained multiple times to him about this ever since his true connection to his father was revealed. She probably wasn’t going to let him live it down
So this chapter is twice as long as my usual chapters and is filled with thrice as many feels!
“But, unlike Stark, I saw Peter interact with Venom,” Wade hissed. “I saw that
Wade trembled at his words and Peter thought nothing of it until Wade’s breath hitched. Peter’s eyes snapped open and he pulled back as Wade gasped, “No-!”
“I think it went pretty well,” Tony whispered, kissing the side of Steve’s jaw.
And when Steve lay limply in his hold, sobbing his heart out Bucky held him gently, lightly petting his head as he did.
Jarvis did as he ordered and as soon as the sound stopped, Venom’s tendrils raced back to rejoin Steve.
…Okay, fine, he didn’t do it alone. Natasha and Clint
“I didn’t know you had blue eyes,” Peter stated, he wasn’t paying attention before at the wedding. He wrapped his arms behind Wade’s neck, pressing them closer together. Peter made sure to openly stare at Wade to let him see he wasn’t disgusted or wary about his face. This was exactly what Peter wanted. This was Wade. This was the man who had changed everything he thought he knew about himself. He wanted every little bit of Wade, scars and all.
??” Tony echoed down the hallway.
“I did not know we were expecting guests,” Pepper dived in. she began to question the newcomer who called herself Maya Henson and Steve took the opportunity to question Tony.
“Okay! I give up!” Peter gasped. Smirking in a self-satisfied way, Wade landed on the bed beside Peter and Peter picked up his phone. His breathing was shallow as he was still trying to catch it, but he wordlessly opened his phone and turned it to Wade so he could see the post. It was only a few minutes old but it already had several thousand likes.
Natasha lightly grasped the sides of his neck and drew him into a kiss as she murmured, “
charity ball that I wasn't invited to."
“I think you need some help, buddy,” Steve retorted, his eyes flickering around the room, counting bodies, weapons, and possible exits.
. Doc managed to end up preventing his Wild West lover from plummeting to her death and not change the future much other than changing the name of a gorge.
Steve came to an immediate stop next to the postcards at the front door.
Steve chuckled but fell silent as Tony grabbed the towel off the counter and scrambled to Steve’s side. He sat on the rim of the tub and his eyes raked over Steve’s form as if he had not just seen it when he stood before him seconds prior.
As his muscles untensed, Tony recognized the car too and now knew why Jarvis told him to sit down. This was footage of the night of his parents’ deaths. Tony grabbed onto Pepper tightly with his other hand and she unquestionably held onto him with both hands too.
"I'm glad you're back - both of you," Steve said, looking between them.
He had yet to see Steve since last night and he was excited to reveal his plan to the super soldier. In his vanity, he wanted to look the best when he suggested their affair...hence his bathing.
Tony smirked at his father and tightened his hold on the case containing one of the infinity stones. His happily ever after had a purple villain stomp in and destroy almost everything.
“What the hell,” Steve gasped. Tony’s Tower was a fortress and Jarvis was supposed to be indestructible.
He took a deep, strengthening breath and stated, “He is my boyfriend and if you can’t accept that and be cordial with him then…” Peter repressed the childish comebacks that immediately surfaced. He so badly just wanted to be immature and throw a tantrum. He was going to be twenty-two in a little over a week and he still felt like a child at times. He took another deep breath and raised his gaze to meet his father’s eyes as he calmly stated, “Then you were not the man I thought you were and I will need to revise our relationship.”
Steve turned from him with a sad smile and took a step toward the door. It looked like he was going to end the conversation. Tony's hand shot forward and he grasped Steve's hand to stop him. Steve appeared shocked by the move and he looked at Tony in confusion.
Days went by in which Bucky was continuously tense and Natasha showed no change whatsoever.
It drove Tony mad.
“Only cleaned what would be visible,” Tony explained. He bent down and lifted a pant’s leg to show the dirty skin underneath. He stated, “I figured I should move fast. I did not want you to change your mind.” Tony stepped forward and grabbed his elbow. The warmth from his touch made Steve’s head spin. His skin was touching Tony’s skin. Could Tony feel his pulse? Could he feel him shiver? Tony nodded his head to the exit and said, “Let’s go.”
Steve escaped his hold and quickly strode up the stairs. Tony spun where he sat and asked again, “Steve??”
He thought New York City had bad traffic but…at one point he slowed to a walk and he was going faster than the freeway traffic.
Because most girls talked about Eastern European politics and debate the throwing accuracy of the bar’s ice pick.
jello,” Tony added with a grin.
Around noon, there was a call over the police scanner about a deceased male with egregious injury found in Brooklyn.
Steve slowly turned around and faced Tony.
Bucky sighed heavily then left. By the way he hunched his shoulders, Steve could tell he was going to be thinking about this all night.
“I’m useless in this fight,” Steve realized, voicing the thought aloud.
– Peter.”
Uncle Bucky chuckled then snapped his newspaper to straighten the paper and continue reading. Uncle Bucky was charged with babysitting Peter until his pops and uncle returned and had not left his side since they left. Peter bet the man would even follow him into the bathroom after the stunt he pulled yesterday.
Soul implants were sometimes compared to radios. You need two compatible units in order for them to work. Until the implant is able to make a connection with a compatible unit, it would remain zeroed as it searched.
She grimly led the team in. Her assumptions were half right. One of the bodies was Tony with his armor ruined and in a pool of old, drying blood.
Tony’s heart skipped a beat. He was wearing
“Yum,” Tony moaned, not looking forward to the freeze-dried food. He sarcastically added, “And good luck with creating the impossible.”
Tony stretched with a light moan then stood and let the blanket fall. There was no need for modesty when the only eyes watching him were that of his robots and they’d seen him in worse conditions. He strolled over to his workbench and another smile tugged at his lips when he saw his clothes had been picked up and neatly folded into a pile. A small container of aspirin and a full water bottle also sat next to the attire.
relationship…and Wade loved their son. Wade was serious about Peter so that meant being serious about his parents. He planned on being with Peter for years to come and Peter was close with his parents so Wade would be the same.
“There’s nothing to do until action is needed. The chips are ready. They just need to be put into the helicarriers and then they’re going down.”
Steve would always be there, here in the real world and in his dreams.
The elevator began to move without any more prompting but Peter kept staring at his hands, his excitement mounting.
Next week: Ch. 7 Tyler the Liar (the preliminary hearing occurs and the Avengers finally meet the woman who started all of this)
"Edwards," Tony replied without beating an eye. He reached across Steve's chest and held out his hand to Peggy, stating, "Second Lieutenant Tony Edwards, ma'am."
Sam lay a comforting arm across his back and Stevel leaned into him, vainly wishing he was Bucky or Tony instead.
Jarvis paused as if he was considering his words.
“At once,” the AI replied and the elevator began to move.
Jarvis stared at him with an unmoving frame. In a clear, undistinguishable voice, Jarvis slowly stated, “I will repeat this one last time, as it is vital: there is sensitive information in this conversation, especially so with the other persons present…Are you sure you wish to continue with them in attendance?”
All of Peter’s upset boiled wildly in his belly and he stormed out of his room.
Coulson considered his options and slowly replied, “…We also want you for our Avengers program.”
Peter chuckled and murmured, “I know what to put.”
…his mind could not process it and recoiled from the thought.
They were back at the tower and were all gathered in the community room, waiting on word for the Hulk cage from SHIELD.
“You will always be my best friend,” Steve whispered. “And I will always love you but…not the way you want…”
His head snapped over to Steve.
Later that night, Peter was just getting out of the shower when his phone began to ring. By the ringtone, he knew it was a video message and Peter grinned when he answered it and saw his dad and Steve come onto the screen. Peter adjusted his towel and sat down on his bed.
Steve’s eyes were drawn to Tony’s chest. The thin shirt couldn’t hide the blue glow of Tony’s heart.
“Nothing,” Steve replied and the lie seared his throat. He reiterated, “Nothing much. He pretty much told me not to follow him…”
Steve’s image was back. Tony’s half of the photo was still blank but Steve was there so they were on the right track.
“WHAT THE HELL??” Tony screamed.
past.
He collapsed behind a dumpster, still clutching his shirt tightly to his body like it was a lifeline. He took several deep breaths, needing the oxygen to help keep his body from shaking more than it already was.
Steve wiped away the moisture in his eyes and got to his feet as he agreed, “Let’s.”
Steve teased, “And what are you going to do with that?”
Pops rubbed his face into Peter’s hair and gasped, “You’ve gotten so big. How
Looking up at him with wanton eyes, she asked, “Are you going to help?”
“I’m fine,” Tony lied huskily. Where was the damn elevator?
‘What?’ Peter asked.
–!” Tony began.
“Tell us, Natasha,” Tony said pointedly to the newly dubbed super soldier. “What is wrong? Why is a codename such a big deal to a spy? I bet you’ve had thousands of names while undercover.”
“Yes.”
“Have you done anything recently?”
hurt that boy!”
“No, sir,” Jarvis stated.
“You gonna make us lunch?” Bucky asked skeptically, looking at the can in Steve’s hand like it was useful as a sack of potatoes.
Bruce gave him a clean bill of health and then said to Peter, “The others are outside. They wanted to know how you were and if they could see you.”
Steve kissed the soft flesh of Tony’s inner thigh and the skin quivered beneath his lips. His gaze flicked up to Tony’s face and he saw the other man wasn’t even trying to hide his coming undone at Steve’s touch. Seeing him like that drew Steve back to his upper body. He needed to kiss those parted lips.
He waved his hands around the phone, looking for the invisible wire that connected the phone to the phone box that wasn't there.
“You break it, you bought it,” Peter droned, having had to repeat it many times before.
Steve leaned into Tony and whispered into his ear, “And we both love you too.”
“…The alien?”
…It’s all I wanted, Steve…” Tony’s voice broke and he buried his face into Steve’s chest. He repeated with tight voice, “
and you have done
Wade glanced at the time glove and murmured, “Right about…” There was a distant explosion and then the building rumbled around them. Wade withdrew both of his katanas and said, “Now.”
“So let’s dive in…Do you know about lube or any of the basics of sex between men?” Tony asked as he popped open the bottle.
Bucky didn’t notice as he clapped Steve on the back and teased, “They think you walk around in your tightie-whities and pose for pictures!”
“Before you called me your best friend and you said you recently started to look at me,” Tony murmured. His socked foot continued to caress Steve’s calf muscle consistently.
Eventually, between thinking inappropriate and guilty thoughts, Steve decided to give up trying to sleep altogether. He slipped on a bathrobe and ventured to the communal kitchen for a late night snack.
Steve popped open the pretzels and handed them to Peter. Peter eagerly grabbed it and began to eat enthusiastically.
Tony grinned and stepped back into his suit. It folded around him and he opened his arms to him as soon as he was totally encased. In his metallic voice, he said, “Come here.”
“Arguing with me!” Bruce gasped, “You know for a fact that I turn into a murderous, rage machine when I am angry but you insist on always being right!”
Steve pulled Tony into a half hug and he relaxed in the super soldier’s embrace. Maybe Steve was right. Tony wouldn’t get rid of Jarvis and there was probably a plausible explanation as to why Friday was here. Jarvis was indestructible. He was too big for a virus to take out and was spread out through so much hardware that he wouldn’t lose him even if the main CPU at Stark Industries was corrupted.
“Varicose tattoos? Not into them?” Tony tried to make a joke of it, but Bucky just frowned and dropped the bag on the table within reach of Tony’s hand.
“So we have a similar goal, finding the Red Skull,” Steve stated. Any unease he felt about Sneaky evaporated with his statement. The robot was on their side...for now at least.
Tony was laying on Howard’s work table and Steve was hurriedly ripping off the bandages. Gabe stood on the other side of the table and put his hand on Tony’s neck to check his pulse. Bucky did the only thing he could think to do and grabbed Tony’s shoulder, hoping it’d be some sort of comfort. He did the same to Steve with his other hand. Both men were trembling.
Thor nodded and murmured, “You do not have to be there with us. For all the Red Skull knows, you are dead.”
Tony felt sick. This was why Peter was spending time with Deadpool?! What was Peter doing dating that madman? Had Deadpool manipulated Peter into the relationship??
“I don't need you guys right now,” Tony groaned to his bots. He still smiled at them as he waved them away, saying, “Shoo, shoo!”
But it was Natasha who was the one Bucky had fired upon.
. But he slowly closed it. Everyone but Bruce saw Tony as only helping Steve out in a sort of performance. They were supposed to be acting and no actual feelings were supposed to be involved.
“Do you promise not to say anything until I have said my piece?” Tony asked, his eyes finally lifting to meet Steve’s gaze.
“Steve,” Tony replied to Steve’s exclamation of his name. “What are you doing up?”
This time it was Steve to break it as he stated, “In the future…when Fury…when Fury was trying to bargain for your life with the Goblin, he had mentioned the Chitauri.”
Steve stepped inside and slid off his shield to put on the coat. It was too small for him but it made him measurably decent. It was tight around the shoulders and could not seal across the expanse of his chest. His waist was small enough that it could wrap around it and hide the important bits at least. Last, but not least, he slipped his shield back on his arm. He frowned as his eyes focused on his left hand. His wedding ring was gone. Tony had it made especially for him out of Vibranium. It was one of a kind. He hoped his husband still had it because he would hate to lose it.
It was ten days of absolute fantasy for Tony.
Steve came in a moment later with a handful of blankets under one arm and a flashlight in the other hand. No electricity meant no heater and it was going to get cold tonight.
Relieved, Steve exhaled lightly, he had been expecting a grand, ridiculous plan that would have embarrassed Steve. He whispered, “That sounds nice.”
In his pacing, he kept an eye on the digital clock on his wall. When it turned to midnight, Tony snapped, “Alright! We have to go after him!”
Tony had his hand open and waiting and Steve regarded it a moment before sliding his hand into Tony’s. Tony’s palm was warm and calloused from all the work he had done in the lab over the years. His fingers curled around Steve’s hand then, one by one he carded his fingers between Steve’s. Tony’s thumb, however, began to caress circles into Steve’s palm. The caress tickled and made him shiver.
She stood and pulled him up with her. She repeated, “Go to him.”
Happy turned back to him and asked, “Back to the Tower?”
His lips twitched into a small smile and he cracked open his eyes to see Wade hovering over him. Wade smiled widely as Peter cracked open his eyes and he gently cupped Peter’s face.
Peter was sitting on his bed with his phone in his hands and was staring off into space.
“Why? How else are we going to explain all of this?” Tony countered.
Stark was still staring at the target, refusing to look at his implant. His arm shook and tears welled in his eyes.
Steve’s eyed flickered open and he lazily smiled at Tony.
Steve shook his head then leaned back in his seat and stared at Tony with a happy smile. He asked his husband, “Speaking of
He felt no fear because it was only another monster his mind created and Wade knew not to fear those beasts anymore. Furthermore, Wade knew without a doubt Peter would be back in his arms and they’d snuggle until they both fell back into that content sleep. With Peter by his side, his mind erased all the real and fictitious monsters that haunted him.
It felt therapeutic revealing all of the secrets he usually kept close to his heart. He obviously couldn’t talk with many people about the circumstances that led him to becoming Spider-Man. Not even his Aunt May knew about that part of his life.
“They’re home,” Steve whispered. He had hoped no one would be there.
Peter seemed to shrink in his arms but he nodded morosely in agreement.
Wanda scrambled to her feet with a pale parlor, gasping apologies and raised her hands to perform her magic but her entire body jerked as her eyes focused on something behind Wade. Raising her hands defensively she whispered, “
It had been over month since Pops was buried and in a couple weeks, Peter was going to turn seven-years-old and a week later he was to go back to school. Such things were bizarre. How could he go back to pretending everything was alright when it wasn’t? Pops was dead. He died to save Peter from Venom, the monster that had nearly killed him and forced him to feast on humans.
James did not pause to consider her words. He walked up to the reinforced door and spun the latch. It opened with a creak and let out a blast of cold air.
“Or big surprise wedding where you include a few close friends and family and hundreds of strangers,” Peter added on with a smirk.
And the fact that they both were clearly American.
“Steve,” Tony sighed and cupped the back of the taller man’s neck.
He’d been back in the future for weeks and he never thought to look. What if…What if the future had changed? What if Steve…
“Sir? Do you require medical attention?” Jarvis asked as he hung off the handle, trying to catch his breath.
This was a side of Harry Steve had never seen. He was quiet, scared, and looked as white as a ghost. It was nothing like the loud and bouncy kid who played with his son. Steve gently touched the boy’s shoulder and whispered, “It’s okay, we got it from here.”
“Yeah, before Hydra got you,” Tony replied. Bucky stiffened and adverted his eyes from the picture. He started to shake and Tony worried his lip with his teeth before asking, “Do you want me to take these down?”
“Bye,” Peter said, shaking his spoon in a wave. His aunt smiled at him then picked up her bags and keys and left Peter alone.
“General!” Steve yelled, diverting Ross’s attention from Peter. “You have to get past me to get to my son!”
Without turning towards him, Steve asked, “Aren’t you going to get some coffee?”
room, my
Unsurprisingly, the prosecution called for an early recess to reevaluate their evidence.
Wherever it was, outside had to be just as cold and he needed to find civilization quickly or die.
But, it would also mean leaving the time machine…and that scared the shit out of Tony.
Eddie nodded and followed Peter to the bar. They sat at the end and Peter asked Nat for two waters. Natasha nodded and filled two glasses with ice and placed them in front of them before filling them with the bar hose. She then stepped down to the other end of the bar to give them the privacy they clearly were looking for.
Sam reviewed the file and Steve went to bounce the baby on his hip but paused when he got a good look at him.
“Mmmm, beloved,” Tony whispered. “Those are the kisses I remember.”
Did I just foreshadow something or throw a red herring at you?? Only the future can tell! :D
Whenever Tony walked into the same room as him, Steve instantly felt a comfortable warmth in his chest but with Bucky it was a fluctuating temperature that always varied. Tony made Steve feel content whereas Bucky made him feel…apprehensive. And just like the innate feelings he had with them he had different kinds of love toward them as well. He could not believe he did not see it before now.
Natasha put her arm over Sitwell’s shoulder and said, “You are going to tell us everything you know about Hydra and when Zola’s program is going into effect.”
His soulmate was still a baby. The undefined world clearly reflected a mind unable to grasp more than the basics to life. So Steve wiped away his tears and whispered, “Shhhh, it's alright. I'm here. I promise I'll stay with you as long as I am able. I will be there for you. Please, don't cry. I’m here. You're not alone…”
Another silence grew, this one more oppressive than the last and the look on his father’s face…Peter felt sick by it, it looked like he had personally gutted the man. He didn’t want that. He didn’t want this to happen at all. He was already desperately pinning for the awkward dinner he had originally imagined.
A woman stepped into the room wearing an army uniform. He would have fallen for the disguise if he weren’t already suspicious and looking for discrepancies in her demeanor. She clearly was tense and had something hidden in her hand, a weapon maybe?
him more than just a friend…”
Pepper rolled her eyes and moved on, “Reporters want to know if Steve's going to adopt Peter. Have any of you discussed it?”
“Thanks, J. Don’t dillydally while I’m out.”
Steve smirked and waved goodbye to his friend as he left. He stepped into the elevator and said, “Home, Jarvis.”
He pressed his leg into Steve’s and whispered, “Then we’d best leave him to his own devices.”
He strolled back into the living room and found the super soldier napping on the couch with his tablet precariously balanced on his chest. Tony smirked at the sight. Cap looked ten years younger as he slept. Tony strolled over and plucked the tablet off his chest before it met a bad fall.
Wade’s lip wobbled and then he threw himself at Peter, embracing him tightly. Peter’s sore body protested the handling but Peter’s full heart won out and he embraced his lover with all he had in him.
