Red phone: How did you figure that out?
The new consultant: Because you don't want this to be a rebound? Also, let's be honest, the breakup really happened on Valentine's Day. Yesterday, was confirmation.
Blue phone: It was covered in the welcome package that Agent Coulson prepared for me when I first woke up.
Jemma: I want to be better. I don’t want to stay like this. I don’t like this person I’ve become.
Me: I always want to know what you’re really thinking.
Agent 13: Yes.
Nomad: Is there something I need to know?
To be continued…
“Nothing is better than New York pizza,” He told her.
Stephen C: Really good. Although, I wouldn’t care where I was, as long as Tony was with me.
Red Malibu: Don’t worry, Talbot is still happily married. Apparently, edible arrangements can get you forgiven when you accidentally mistake your wife for a Hydra operative. They also work after Hydra kidnaps your son for blackmail purposes.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all absolutely lovely. In celebration of homecoming being available for digital download, therefore giving me the ability to look at scenes again and not go by memory, you are getting an update today.
“Kevin called you?” Pepper asked.
Red phone: I’ll check with Melinda. Also, you do realize that she was doing art therapy with you?
To be continued
MayMQ: I'm going to strangle the consultant.
However, I’m planning for there to be changes brought on by Tony and Steve talking to each other that may mitigate some of the awfulness. I’m taking the position that Accords or similar legislation is necessary, but the execution of such legislation could be problematic, depending on who’s actually in charge of enforcement. How do we create legislation that works for everyone? Is that possible with the current Accords or do they need amending? Are amendments even possible? Who is such legislation really protecting? We will explore these questions as the story unfolds.
Girl Friday: Although silver lining, Flash finally knows. You have no idea how nice it is not to be keeping that secret anymore.
“How can an AI read the book?” Simmons asked confused.
HSBF: I’m not answering that question.
Purple Princess: Or me. So, she won't let him come up here, not after what happened last time. She doesn't even let him come to the house in Queens. We must go to him unless he's with his dad. It's been a year, and she's still mad about what happened last year at the wedding. Like that was my dad's fault.
"That's the other half." Sam remarked.
Red phone: Good subject change. Yes. Jarvis and his wife, Ana, were not able to have any kids. Some robbery that went wrong decades before I was born. I don't know the details, but they treated me as if I was there child.
HSBF: I don’t think I would make a very good director of the ATCU.
Blue phone: You said you were 25 when he died, so I did the math. I'm actually pretty good with numbers. Not as good as you, but I do OK.
The new consultant: That explains why you’re texting me on the Avenger channel. Why is my cousin on another planet?
To be continued
Tony: Well, he or possibly she mostly burning criminals alive. The Rider eviscerated a teacher last week. That doesn’t quite fit the usual profile.
Red phone: More like I didn’t want to be surrounded by the sheets that Pepper picked out. I only crashed in the penthouse tonight because my last meeting didn’t end until almost 9 PM.
Nomad: This wasn't just an accident, was it?
“No, but you learn to appreciate the moments you do have together more.” He hopes that’s true. He still cries on the car ride to the airstrip. Neither one of his teammates say anything. Yo-Yo just gave him chocolate.
“Are you just going to keep coming up with cute pet names?” Steve asked.
Me: Probably. I miss Yo-Yo. She would just take care of it. I’ll write you after the soccer game.
Agent L. Barton: He’s less of a dick now. It took us years of work to get him to that point. However, Afia is afraid that her foster brother will revert without her.
Red phone: She sent Laura a thank you card with $20 inside because apparently she lost a bet to Clint about us. So at least we know she’s alive, even though we have no idea where she is.
Venom: Also, bring ice cream or any type of junk food. I feel like I deserve it today. I mean, I did find out my boyfriend was fucking around on me, and I made out with you a year ago and didn’t know. That would’ve been an appropriate time to tell me the truth.
Melinda:  I’ll go try to get Simmons out of the framework. I know we need to know what she did if Stark is going to undo it.
“OK, point. We can’t just snap our fingers and undo everything. We are going to have to plan that part. I’ll add it to my problem-solving list.” He will because Steve was right. They can’t just bring half of the universe back. It would be just as chaotic as when they left.
This conversation takes place the morning after the one before Tony’s time on October 13. Steve is at least 6 hours ahead of Tony most of the time.
Nomad: Queens?
Chief Mechanic: I'm still amazed by the fact that a job at SI is considered less stressful. The SI board is worse than Congress. Although I never missed out on fiancé fun time due to having to brief the president.
Me: Apparently, the real reason they wanted to talk to me because the human earthquake is now MIA. Okay, that’s mostly because they think that we are still at each other’s throats after the airport fiasco and have no idea you’re cuddle bunny.
HSBF: This does not surprise me.
(See the end of the chapter for
HSBF: You weren’t?
BTW, your aunt knows that you’re keeping a secret from her that’s big. And because she walked in on you shirtless with your BFF, she thinks you are at least bi. This may be the time to mention you have spider powers. People are waking up all over the world with superpowers due to eating the wrong piece of fish or going swimming in the wrong body of water. I don’t think it will surprise her that much. I’m not going to out you, but you need to tell her eventually. So much worse when people find out due to video. And they didn’t have YouTube when my scandal broke out. It would be so much worse now.
Cuddle bunny: Okay, I believe you, but I don’t trust your source.
D: The one that Leo kept the Russian government from installing?
Anthony: Ridiculously nasty emails or letters from the Board of Directors, competitors, and every day, angry people on the street go straight to the FBI, especially if they do describe in detail how they want to kill me. Want to be super villains with crazy tech are forwarded to Shield under auspices of the UN. At least now that my BFF is in charge and there is a Shield again.
Ana Jr.: Please tell me more about how you ended up here.
Tony Potts: He’s engaged to the less asshole version of Stevie bear. Also, apparently, he is the director of Shield's replacement organization. He also has three kids. Busy seems like an understatement.
Anthony: Point.
Blue phone: I don't think either of them should be considered teenagers. Again, Wanda is 23
Anthony: Hey Princess, if you stop reading these messages for real, I will make your brother’s Avenger’s designation “Kitty Avenger”.
“Because I have a ton of them.” Tony retorted. “Okay, snuggle bear, it is your turn.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Me: May, the spy, is looking into it. Possibly to keep Clint away from her man, but also to do whatever it takes to protect her godchildren.
Me: I masturbated to your propaganda posters. If you thought Coulson’s costume was tight, you should’ve seen how they drew your propaganda posters. It was more porn than propaganda. Nothing was left to the imagination.
Morgan’s dad: You have access to all Stark employees' work, and Deke is a Stark employee.
HSBF: That’s not a good sign.
Cuddle Bunny: Do you think that he would actually try that?
Tony: No, that’s okay. I don’t want to get you involved.
“You know, you didn’t have to go through my phone. You could’ve just asked more questions like Bruce did. I prefer that you don’t do that.”
Counselor Laura: I don’t care about me. I just need my children to survive.
“Friends, who raise children together that occasionally have sex?” Tony finished for Steve.
Red phone: Stop running near solo missions. You can’t die on me. Promise me that you won’t die on me.
Me: How much worse has it gotten?
Tony and Steve from the “we made bad choices and therefore the purple one won” timeline will be referred to as Steve May-Rogers and Tony Stark-Potts (or some variation of that) or Steve MR and Tony SP. Even though Tony SP and Pepper SP never got married, Tony added the Potts last name just to fuck with Howard from the grave. Let’s just say that Sharon never passed along Peggy’s bequeathment, so Tony Stark-Potts has even more daddy issues than Tony Stark-Rogers.
Anthony: Fair point. Actually, I think there might be two receptions, although we’re spending tomorrow in a bedroom together because I need recovery time after this much social interaction. Also, we totally should’ve gotten round 4 in this morning.
Venom: You mean [redacted].
So this morning I saw the now former head of the Jarvis foundation led out in handcuffs for trying to kill you. (Happy and Kevin watched it together gleefully eating doughnuts.) I assume this means that you’ll be coming home soon. I made sure that your assistant had a box of your favorite cookies, in addition to the cookie bouquet that will arrive once I’m sure you’re back home. Somebody needed to give you something nice to make up for the board getting you a get-well gift that might send you back to the hospital.
Even if that means you’re dating a Stark. I’ve been told that he is less of a prick than his father, mostly by the Princess. I’m not going to ask you what you see in him because I don’t want to get punched. Although, he does send a very nice apology gift basket. I like the plums. They’re hard to get around here. The chocolate was also good.
FRIDAY: Everything including that request will stay private unless your life is in danger.
Genius Princess: Second, Chief Monkey Lover is with us. Along with teenage mutant ninja spider and the time-traveling R&D guy. Football Hunter just brought me coffee. I’m actually out of the lab drinking it. So technically, I have left the lab.
Me: You know not everybody is you and your boyfriend.
“What the hell happened in the other timeline?” Flash asked as he turned his attention to MJ. She was not okay at all.
Pepper pot: That’s unfortunate. You’re a good dad.
Counselor Laura from 2023: I’ll talk to Dr. Potts. I make no promises about Simmons.
Red phone: Yes. Apparently, it's really disrespectful to send dirty texts to my new boyfriend when I'm supposed to be listening to my ex-girlfriend. Even if said ex-girlfriend is happy that I’m allegedly moving on.
To be continued
Me: National Security Advisor with the current one becoming the new S.
Red phone: Also, Ana taught me how to paint when I was young. Well, it had to be when I was young because she died when I was nine. Regardless, I like to dabble in watercolors every once in a while.
Also, thank you to everyone who has assisted with the production of this story, whether in the capacity of a beta, artists, research assistant, or just letting me bounce ideas off of you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
“You’re getting better at it though.”
Morgan’s dad: So why have you been avoiding me for the last five years?
The new consultant: Maybe.
“That is so true. This brings us to question 36. We are supposed to share a problem with each other and come up with a solution. I don't think they were talking about time travel when this question was written.” Tony joked.
Me: Language
I apologize for not pointing out who specifically spoke in the last conversation. Since I already did a conversation between Agent May and Clint using the same coding I did not think I needed to point it out. However, sometimes when you’re writing things you don’t see things how the audience sees it and that can be problematic.
TMNS: I’m going to take that as a yes.
Genius Princess: Another mission other than keeping alien weapons out of the Norwegian and American governments’ hands.
Me: It's remote. No surprises from diplomatic insecurity.
Agent Laura: Hey Friday, can you see if Dr. Suarez survived the decimation and is available? I want to bring her in.
Anthony: They’re showing a shot of her pushing a reporter that’s following her nephew a little too closely.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely lovely. Okay, it is time for another interlude where we explore why things are different in this timeline as opposed to MCU Canon as well as our hope that maybe things are different enough that certain things in Infinity War will not come to pass.
"Between the therapy and medication, I get that outing a 15-year-old with superpowers is a really bad idea. Ironically enough, because I said no, they mentioned a psych evaluation." Steve saw Tony shiver at that.
Me: Yes, we’ll have to lie or yes, it was that bad?
(See the end of the chapter for
Several hours later March 24, 2018
This conversation takes place on October 6, 2016.
FRIDAY: I will.
“Yes.” Or maybe not. She didn’t have time to dwell on that because he was kissing her again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Actually my physical body was created by the Princess.” Which explains why she almost looks like the Princess’s younger sister, except a little lighter. “I am here to assist Shield of my own choice.”
From: The Mechanic
Tony: Besides, this way I can text message you. Texting and driving is bad. So again tell me what are you most grateful for? Although, even though this is encrypted, please don’t say you know what.
“I’ve adapted to our current circumstances, but that doesn’t mean I’ve given up hope. Robin says we can do this. I believe her. You could have Fitz back.” At the name of the six-year-old, Laura almost relaxed.
BITC: I am not allowed to tell MJ how cool that sounds?
Me: I can’t confirm or deny that in case a gifted, politically well-connected, and wealthy 16-year-old who think we are interesting is reading this instead of just the CIA, shield or who knows who else.
Me: OK, then I guess I’ll ask you a few clean questions so we can get through this exercise before I see you in a sexy suit. If you could talk to a clairvoyant or precog would you?
Nomad: Point.
“Sending a message to Laura. Ana is letting me see a conversation between her and her husband in real-time I'm trying to intervene."
Me: I’m not going to go to DC. Agent America is off on a mission and Yo-Yo is taking a vacation with her boyfriend, but Monkey Lover and Agent Piper are available.
Me: And how many did you tell that to?
The new consultant: It's too early for pizza. Bagels? Or maybe waffles? Beignets? Although I was promised pancakes.
Nomad: I have to remind myself that if you’re cracking sex jokes, you must really be okay.
Purple arrow: Not at all.
Anthony: I thought this was actually therapy art. There is a lot of snow and trains in here. Yet, nothing of you punching out Red Skull. I’m a little surprised.
Love: Probably. Only Nomad could ever make him go to medical. Wait, what happened before the bodyguard arrived?
"Because if I didn't do it, Shield would've got the blame and Agent Agent is trying to build a not-evil version of the organization. Since my BFF has taken over from him, I have extra incentive to build up the brand." Tony defended.
“You will be personally debriefed once you arrive in DC,” The AI explained.
Me: Excellent point. Feel free to FedEx me some of your artwork, especially anything with you naked, surrounded by rose petals.
Cuddle Bunny: Yes, but there wasn’t exactly anything to tweet about at the time.
HSBF: Of course.
“I’m worried about Spidey. He’s still pissed at me." Tony lamented.
Anthony: The Greek fries at DC Ballers are awesome. I bet he had an awful time getting you off and that’s why you found the whole thing so awful.
Tony Potts: That feels oddly reassuring.
Counselor Laura: She’s going to help us. Thankfully, she’s not teaching actual classes this semester.
Dad likes your idea of sending us to Malta. Connor is against it because he doesn’t think you should send him to Malta if you're not sending Benji, MJ, and Flash. He doesn't get that there's a big difference between a normal 13-year-old and a 16-year-old with superpowers. MJ may not have powers, but she does have agent training. Also, Flash is 18 and can do whatever he wants. Again, my brother is a brat. I’m glad my parents decided to have another kid because baby brothers are so much better.
Me: That won’t be necessary. I’m just worried. I keep losing people I care about, and I’d really prefer for that not to happen again.
"Estoy entrando y mas vale que tengan los pantalones puestos.” He heard Elaina say with a bag of local pastries and another coffee in hand. This one smelled more like espresso. He thinks she said something about having their pants on, but his Spanish was a little rusty.
Nomad: So am I.
“Like most of his possible replacements?” Steve asked.
HSBF: He is 33. He’s older than I am, sort of.
Ana Jr.: The three messages contain instructions. Instead of bringing back something tangible, your Nana would like you to bring back Fitz since she sent you directly to his location. She would get you when you had him.
TMNS: You’re my main cheerleader, which seems kind of weird because your Spider-man’s number one fan.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cuddle Bunny: Tony why are you ignoring me?
This chapter only takes place about an hour after the last one. Tony is not happy.
Anthony love: I probably should be trying to figure out a way to get her back, but the fact that you are MIA along with Daisy was distracting.
Director Stark: Are you consulting TMNS?
FRIDAY: Yes. My contact, Agent Fitz agreed to wait until Colonel Rhodes could make it to the facility. Due to the vetting process for the position of director of Shield, that was not possible until today.
Tony: Yes, because Thor only knows where he is right now. I hate being abandoned. Also Monkey Lover has an engineering doctorate. Bruce had seven PhDs and not one of them in engineering. Such a waste.
Monkey lover 2: In a little bit. I need to work with Dr. Suarez for a little while, as soon as she’s done with Vijay. I’m going to need some medication and probably some therapy. I wish you could be here though.
FRIDAY: It may not come to that.
Dear Sharon:
Tony: It scares me too.
S Carter: Ok
Yes, another shield IM section. Sorry, Tony and Steve are too busy kissing to have a conversation right now. So May and Coulson will just have to do this for them. Besides May and Coulson have their own issues. This conversation only takes place only a little bit after the last conversation.
“She would probably enjoy that. As well as keep Thor well behaved. However, I still rather come up and look at the Lighthouse venue in person. Maybe we could have a picnic. It can be our first date, celebrating me being back home permanently. The wedding is still a month out.”
BITC: Even though I am pretty sure your family subsidized it.
Anthony: So Agent Carter Junior just showed up at the Tower to whisk me off to some undisclosed location. I hope a bag is not going to be involved. I hate kidnappings that involve a bag over my head.
Anthony: Because I have a thespian double. It’s almost enough to make me think Howard had an illegitimate love child before he married Maria and had me.
Purple arrow: Can you block MJ’s access to these reports?
Anthony: It’s okay. I’m used to dealing with assholes. I’m just sad that our virtual date is not going the way I hoped it would. We can’t even figure out a movie.
He’s new to fanfiction, so please show him some love or kudos.
Tosha: I knew I shouldn’t have taken Simmons with me to get you from Japan. What did she say to you?
“Oh shit! Are you okay?” Tony asked, concerned.
“She’s not a real doctor.” Tony replied.
Tony Potts: I don’t want to know. Me and Stevie bear decided that we have a bunch of other bullshit to deal with outside of just Siberia. Therefore our answers would probably be different than theirs. It was seven years later with a couple of failed relationships and a few kids between us. We’re not entirely the same people.
"So would I." Tony could do nothing but blink at that confession. "So Steve stopped you?"
Warning: This chapter does contain references to material first discussed in WandaVision. It’s twisted around for the new timeline, but it is there.
Anthony: Although I don’t know how we are going to train that good doer’s streak out of him. You still have it and it’s been decades.
Me: I think you made up your mind.
Me: Because I actually know where home base is?
Person that cares about my boss: Why didn’t you tell me this earlier?
Counselor Laura from 2023: Yep, at least according to Friday 2023. It's a full dystopic hellscape here because Ross consolidated power. In this timeline, Ross never kidnapped me, so Clint never took him out politically. He was kicked out once elections were able to happen again, but the damage was already done. Inhumans made an easy scapegoat for what happened.
Although the release of the sex tape was embarrassing, it was more humiliating and there is a difference. OK, it was hurtful because that was supposed to be a private moment with somebody who said that he loved me. Instead, the guy was an asshole who cared about nothing but himself and God I wish I’d never slept with him. It was definitely one of my worst decisions and I made murder bots.
Me: But don't go looking for another Peggy Carter because there isn’t one.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony: I don’t know. I’m in my angry place so that email would start off with ‘fuck you for not listening to May. And me. We were right. You were wrong. Now we have two dead employees because you decided to throw a tantrum.’ I don’t know if that would be constructive.
Red phone: I left Agent Scary in charge of the interrogation. I'm out here texting my text message boyfriend to calm myself down. And I just discovered his favorite color is lavender. Which explains so much despite the fact that I don't think I've seen him wear it once.
Red phone: I was drunk and maybe I just wanted an excuse to text you.
Counselor Laura from 2023: If she is, it's probably really early. She's not ready to tell people yet, so respect her privacy.
Tony: I’m confirming because I am not afraid of your imaginary, 16-year-old, voyeur, super genius. Vision said he’ll be back if aliens fall from the sky again or whatever. It is what it is. So that pretty much means the only person with superpowers living at the avenger compound full-time right now is the Bulletproof Pacifist. And not really because he will be spending weekends in Queens once Yo-Yo goes out west.
Me: Okay.
Me: Oh Fuck. I have to go Sugar Pie.
Stephen C: And I almost ruined it because of my own stubbornness. But somehow, I got a second chance to fix things. Don’t lose your second chance.
Anthony: I needed to come to terms with a few things and maybe read through the Howard diaries. That requires 3 pints of Ben & Jerry’s since Jack and Jim are off-limits. Also vast quantities of pizza with the junior archers.
Tony: That’s kind of sweet. What did you do while I was making nice with various heads of state?
“Yesterday’s all Avengers meeting doesn’t actually count either.” Laura rolled her eyes at him. “There was a lot of touching and awkward eye contact, but not a lot of actual talking.”
Date: October 12, 2023
Me: No.
CoulsonPJ: Simmons is looking over him on Zephyr one and then we are dropping them back at Queens with an alibi.
“I think in that case, they probably knew but didn’t want to know and therefore didn’t talk about it because they were afraid.”
HSBF: I shouldn’t even be surprised.
Red phone: Then I offered our new line of tactical gear and new Stark phones with batteries that last for 18 months without a charge and can withstand the force of the tank. They’re are still upset about the lack of weapons, but who wouldn’t want a phone that doesn’t need to be charged for year and a half.
“Of course you were.” Tony sighed. “And yes I’d rather have you watching Steve’s back now that Wanda decided to go get married or whatever.”
“Yes. A lot of things make a hell of a lot more sense now. Obviously, he was living vicariously through me. However, I think that ship has sailed. Happy was happy with May before the snap messed everything up. At this point, I think Morgan's going to get a Fitzsimmons for a step-daddy. That’s definitely going to break the half your age +7 rule since I don’t even think Deke was born for another 30 years in his own timeline.”
Me: The problem is most people don’t want to get past that rough exterior.
“I guess if you were to change anything about your childhood, you would want Howard to actually be there?” Steve asked. Tony nodded his head in agreement.
Me: Yes. The weeks before South Africa are going to be total chaos, so I need as much time as possible to prepare. In addition to this mess, I have to clean house at the foundations. That’s going to be so much fun.
Purple Princess: You got rid of the images of Joey putting the hammer back together. That was a valuable contribution.
Tony: But I still wish I had more time to actually spend with you. Not that sharing a bed wasn’t nice, but I like talking to you.
Counselor Laura: He also won’t stop hugging me or crying.
Me: In the letter and again in person because I should have told him myself. I really am sorry about that. It wasn’t right for him to find out from TV.
HSBF: Because if your encryption is not as good as you say, it is your best friend and my ex-girlfriend’s grandniece is going to have to read them.
Agent L. Barton: Probably Barnes as well. Tony is working on getting him pardoned as a wedding present, and therapy will be a requirement. Which is fine because he’s been in therapy for a while already.  Unfortunately, the DOD wants to bring their own person in, instead of letting him keep the team he already has in Wakanda. Tony’s fighting the government about that. Since all of Barnes’s issues happened pre-snap, this Barnes probably needs to work through them too.
Also, just because I don't want to date your aunt doesn't mean that I don't like you or that I will stop hanging out. I do think your aunt is one cool lady. I just fell in love with someone else and he is a great guy. A bastard sometimes, but a great guy underneath everything and I really do love him, when he’s not being a self-righteous prick at least.
HSBF: Of course, he didn’t realize Spidey Dad had some issues in this regard. He is not exactly a fan of “vigilantes with superpowers”. He’s gone on multiple rants about the hooded hero of Harlem.
FUBAR stands for Fucked Up Beyond All Repair. Since this military acronym originated during World War II, Steve probably knows what it means.
Captain tight pants: That’s good. Where exactly are you?
Nomad: I'll try because it really would be awful for humanity in general, if you two went to the dark side.
Tony: It’s a toss-up between not growing up in a world filled with homophobic bigots and having a father who is not an alcoholic. I may be projecting on that last one. I might be projecting on both. I’m sure growing up bisexual in the 80s was significantly better than the 1930s, but probably not as much as it should’ve been. The homophobia of the Board is testament to that and unfortunately they haven’t got much better since the 80s.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation.
CoulsonPJ: You look really good in that suit. We already have enough bad publicity from the last time the Avengers started beating the hell out of each other because they are unable to use their words. I wish we could just tell everybody it was unresolved sexual tension, but that may make it worse in some circles, so please for the love of your shield, do not hurt the consultant.
Cuddle fiancé: I think we will be there in a few hours. I can’t believe I’m able to come back to the compound. Although I wish I was going to see our house in Queens for the first time, but this doesn’t seem like the time.
Me: And your boyfriend back in the same country.
“How do you even know about that?”
Francis: Really?
Tony: Not mine to tell. Agent May is also coming with her boyfriend, but the kids have to stay at the base. Other May will also be there with Spidey senior.
The new consultant: Although they're supposed to have an all-hands meeting when everyone gets back. The Princess thinks we can put a plan together before then.
Anthony: Yes, and instead of posting my tweets, Friday emailed it to Pepper who told me she was flattered that I was defending her, but would prefer if I did it in a way that wouldn’t cause her to spend more time with PR than absolutely necessary. Then she said that she was really proud that I’ve managed to stay sober for 50 days and she’s really hoping that I make it to 60.
I’m sad about losing Thanksgiving in Malta but Christmas in Malta is going to be a thing. I would invite you, but you’re probably not ready for that yet. However, I’m going to be doing a Thanksgiving spectacular at the Avenger compound. Spidey Junior and mom are moving in and Ms. Marvelous family and Joey will also be there possibly with the boyfriend. Some of the DC crew may come too, apocalypse willing.
FRIDAY: I cannot make a value judgment on that.
The new consultant: Spidey is your friend or possibly more than a friend. We’re still in high school, there’s no real need for labels.
Me: Because I love you and you were going off the deep end. Or at least I thought you were. I had to protect you by whatever means necessary and I made some very questionable choices like getting a teenager involved and only telling him that you were crazy and not everything else going on.
Tony: That’s because you don’t want to tell the board he’s trapped in 2018, the better version.
It is way too early West Coast time for me to be dealing with this. The principal called Kevin on his personal number because apparently, one of Kevin’s kids went to Midtown before the relocation. The principal knows him personally. Kevin covered because he is the best. Again, I would like to know what is happening.
Nomad: He threatened you?
MayMQ: Establishing Stefan’s identity is a good idea. I’m just not sure if this is the venue it should happen in, but it was Steve’s idea.
Me: It’s not good. He cares too much about what other people think about him to be a good leader. I’ll talk to your old doctor. She’ll make a recommendation and since you were a patient, you’ll be covered under doctor-patient confidentiality. The new leadership at Shield will respect that.
The clues have been subtle, but Steve is not 100% okay as evident by the fact that his therapist asked Shield/Dr. Simmons to work on antidepressants that his body wouldn’t metabolize immediately. The PTSD is just the tip of the iceberg here. Steve’s reaction to the assassination attempt was more than just a boyfriend wanting to be with his lover and we will explore that as we continue. Clint and May made a very hard choice, but they made it out of love and compassion, not control or malice.
Blue phone: Could you just tell me what Tony doesn’t want me to know?
How are you? Yes, I realize that’s a loaded question but I still want to know. I’m worried about you. If Stefan wasn’t here, I would’ve brought you along. I just didn’t want to add more awkwardness to the situation and well Happy told me how you found out that they asked was an asshole and well, everything just feels awkward.
Tony Potts: I am at 41 months sober. There's been some stops and starts, but I don't want to be a repeat of Howard for Morgan.
HSBF: I feel like some of that will probably go wrong.
Cuddle bunny: How can you be asked to step down from an organization that doesn’t exist?
Tony: I give this morning’s wake up a 12 out of 10. Thor bless the fact that you don’t really need to breathe that much. The lack of gag reflex is also a plus.
Girl Friday: Hey dad, were you the one that put them in a room with one bed? Because neither one of them took the couch.
"Are you done arguing with Shield medical yet? You’ve been doing that for over 24 hours?”
Captain Tight Pants: Don’t you think anything with Captain would be too obvious? Cuddle bunny would be better.
“Understandable,” Natasha replied.
Red phone: This is us under reconstruction. I don’t know what we are building, but it is going to be sturdier than before. With Pepper, I’m not sure if reconstruction is an option because it feels like there’s nothing left but gravel and sand.
Steve: I know. Robin told me. She's usually more talkative after coming back from the cabin. It's good for her. I'm a little worried her only friend, outside of her sister, is almost 8 years younger than her, but it’s been good.
The Boy in the Chair: Or the Spectacular Spider-Man?
Venom: I’m not. I just broke up with my long-distance boyfriend because he was sleeping with someone else allegedly because I wasn’t ready to put out. Also, I just found out my two crushes are the same person. We need to talk.
Tony: You’re starting to get a dirty mouth. What would our 16-year-old Royal, super genius, voyeur think? We’re supposed to be setting a good example.
Dear asshole who murdered my parents:
Deke was apparently being sent back to keep that from happening, whoever Deke was. Instead, somehow, she ended up here, and he was missing.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely wonderful. So what is Steve supposed to do when Tony is in more mandatory meetings and meeting with the press? Try to make things easier for him.
“Well there’s no one better to work on it than you, dad,” Aurora smirked. “You got Peter helping you on it?”
“I’m just waiting for my video to finish processing and then I’ll be ready to go,” Aurora promised, turning back to her laptop to ensure her video was still correctly uploading to YouTube. After a few minutes, the video completed its processing and Aurora quickly tweeted out to her few hundred followers to let them know that it was now live and wished them all a Merry Christmas before throwing a coat over her obnoxious Christmas sweater and following her mum out their front door.
“They probably closed so that they can enjoy their dinner without worrying about customers,” Tony replied smoothly.
“Nice to meet you, Harry. Everyone else is back this way.”
“Hello to you too Mark,” Rori chuckles, “and no I haven’t. I’ve been a little busy.”
She nodded, thankful that her brain was still to busy freaking out about going on stage that it had no space left to freak out about Harry Styles sitting next to her and chatting to her like he wasn’t Harry Styles.
“I think so,” Rori answered. “I’m not really sure if I want to be a painter or a musician or what but I’m pretty confident I want to do something in the arts.”
“Then a tree you shall have,” Tony announced, attempting to lighten the mood. He knew had succeeded when her face lit up with a grin. “Let’s go get Steve and we’ll go pick one out.”
“I’m fine,” Rori assured him. “Although I feel bad about the rest of the fans that caught up in it all though. It was kind of stupid, now that I think about it.”
“Louis fucking Tomlinson?” Ella asked in shock. “How the fuck is Louis Tomlinson inviting you to his house?”
Rori’s eyes widened and Anne chuckled. “I’m sure you already know this but he’s quite fond of you, love. You’ve made quite the impression.”
For when you're lonely
“Of course,” Simon replied, reaching out to hug her. “A pleasure to meet you darling. I’ve heard great things about you.”
“Steve asked for your blessing?” Letterman asked in surprise.
“Everything? Anything? I’m not sure,” Rori laughed awkwardly. “I don’t really know how to have a dad, so I’m not really sure how to do this.”
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0tzSeBjzpyaUt9JrMwJuZW?si=n6s6ldV6Tp-psgsdGDx1jA
“To leave,” she choked out, barely louder than a breath.
“No,” Tony replied stubbornly.
“I love you, Harry,” Rori said instead of replying.
“Much,” Rori gasped. “We should probably head back; the sun will be setting soon.”
“You’re right,” her father agreed. “I’ve been working on fixing his prosthetic lately. The one Hydra made for him was a mess. They clearly didn’t care whether it was causing him any pain, so hopefully I can ease that for him with some modifications.”
Pay attention, I hope that you listen
“He did,” Rori laughed. “No matter how hard he tries to adjust to the 21
Aurora and Tony were sitting in the living room watching TV on a late April afternoon when JARVIS announced that Mark was on his way up to the penthouse. Rori reached for her phone, finding it between the couch cushions and wincing at the notifications stacking up on her lock screen. “This can’t be good,” she said as her manager emerged from the lift.
“There you are love,” Harry greeted, walking over to Rori’s side and pulling her against him in a warm embrace. “Hi Ella,” he added, “Rebecca. Good to see you ladies again.”
“It's been that way forever,” Gary continued.
“Nice to meet you too,” Eleanor replied, “and of course you got an invite. It’s a right of passage for anyone dating one of this idiots.”
CW/TW: This chapter is going to describe Aurora's scars
After they had all eaten their fill and were leaning back in their chairs, nursing bulging stomachs and sated grins, Tony turned to his daughter. “Ready for your present?” he asked excitedly.
“The fireworks triggered her PTSD I think, so I got her down here as quick as I could, but I can’t get her to calm down,” Harry said in a rush, his own face wet with tears.
“Oh, thank you,” Simon replied. “Maybe one day I’ll have you on, we love to keep it in the family and these boys are like my sons.”
Following the last show in Chicago, the band had a week and a half break before continuing the tour in California, so Harry joined Aurora on her flight back to New York on the Sunday afternoon of the last day of August.
boomed through the speakers as she was ushered back to where the rest of the families were still standing in their roped off area.
And pain gets hard, but now you're here and I don't feel a thing
“You want me to talk to him, don’t you?”
“I’m sorry love,” he murmured softly. “Did I hurt you? Did I make you uncomfortable? I’m sorry.”
Aurora smirked at her phone as she read Harry’s text. She had actually finished her exams two days ago but had told Harry that she had one more today which is why she couldn’t make it back to the UK in time for the bands Manchester shows. He’d floated the idea months earlier, wanting her to meet his mum, stepfather and his sister. When she’d told him that her exams didn’t finish in time for her to make it to the show, they had made a new plan for his family to travel down to London for the shows the following week and Aurora would fly in to meet them before joining the band on the European leg of the tour. Unbeknown to Harry, Aurora was currently at the airport, waiting for the StarkJet to depart for Manchester airport. She would arrive on the day of the first of two shows in Harry’s home city and she was excited to surprise her boyfriend and finally meet his family.
“What’s his name?” Bruce asked, seemingly genuinely interested.
“I’m gonna go back to the hotel bug,” Steve said after gaining his daughters attention. “Don’t stay up too late and if Dad asks, I never let you out of my sight.”
“Me too,” Harry replied, kissing her cheek before leading her over to the table filled with her family and friends. He pulled out her seat for her and then made his way down to the other end of table to sit with the guys. Throughout dinner Rori found her eyes returning to Harry and his face would light up with a smile every time their eyes met, causing Rori to blush. Tony watched the looks and smiled softly to himself, nudging Steve with his elbow to draw his husband’s attention to the young couples flirting. Steve chuckled softly, happier than he could explain to see their daughter falling in love. After dinner, before the cake was served Rori watched as Harry quietly excused himself and headed towards the toilets. A few minutes later she not so subtly also excused herself from the table. She found him walking back towards the table, grabbing his hand and pulling him into the stairwell leading to her old apartment, out of the sight of the table. She stepped up onto the lowest step, bringing her face level with Harry’s and lent forward to kiss him.
“You’re really talented,” he said. “Your landscape paintings are beautiful, and I like that you record your own music for the videos. I know Steve’s already told you, but you’re welcome to use his art studio whenever you want. I know he’s looking forward to having someone around the house that can talk art with him.”
“I’m glad they like me,” Rori agreed.
“Like hell you are,” Tony replied, his head jerking up suddenly to stare at his daughter. Steve remained silent but prepared to play his usual role of peacekeeper between the two of them.
“Much,’ she replied. “I love you, Harry.”
“I don’t want you to go either,” he replied. “But I’ve got 3 more months before tour prep starts, so I’ll fly out to see you a couple times and then you can come spend summer with me. It’ll be great.”
“Aaaah,” was the only response she got in reply. “I gotta go, glad you’re safe.”
“That’s why I knew I had to do an interview,” she explained. “If I keep hiding, then people will just prod and poke until they find out what they want to know. At least this way I can be in control of how the story gets told.”
“How is Sergeant Barnes doing?” Aurora asked, leading her dad down the hallways towards the green room.
“I don’t want to go either,” Harry said, “but you’ve got school and I’ve got the tour to finish. It’ll be December before we know it.”
“Help me with the buttons?” Rori asked him, and he stepped forward, pushing her long curls out of the way to button up the back of her shirt. He placed a soft kiss on her bare shoulder when he finished, looking to the mirror in front of them.
“What do we do?” she asked.
“You don’t have to apologize,” Harry replied. “I shouldn’t have sprung that on you love, not after everything that’s happened. I’m the one that should be sorry. Forget I said anything.”
She was cut off from continuing her message as a girl let out a shriek of fear nearby when the doors were thrown open and the sound of gunshots echoed off the walls, deafeningly loud. Rori whimpered, clasping one of her hands over her mouth to muffle the sound, the other reaching out to hold onto one of her friends beside her. She listened in horror as the unknown gunman moved from one table to the next, indiscriminately shooting everyone they came across, and eventually their blood stained shoes came into Rori’s view. Her cheeks were damp with falling tears when he ducked down, locking eyes with her as he raised his weapon.
“Often!” Jay replied, joining in with Rori’s laughter and drawing Louis attention away from his sisters.
“I…” he stammered. “I need to be on a plane.”
“Of course, go enjoy your night.”
“I always forget you girls came to see us on the show back in the day,” Harry chuckled when he walked back over to them. “Good to see you again Ella,” he added before hugging her. “Shows about to start in a few minutes ladies so you better go grab your seats.”
Following the New Jersey shows, Aurora and the band travelled down to Massachusetts, and then on to Washington DC, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Tennessee, Texas, Missouri and finally Illinois. Along the way Aurora continued heading out exploring whatever city they found themselves in while the boys worked, and she would often find herself sitting in on writing sessions for the next album. Harry would often run lyrics by her, asking for her input and she found that Liam and Louis’ writing style was similar to her own which led to her often joining the two as they threw around ideas. By the time they reached Chicago at the end of August, most of the album had been written, if not recorded in full ready for its November release.
“I feel the same Harry, I think I’d always wonder if it was me or my name if I was with someone normal.”
He shook his head in bafflement, blowing her a kiss as the music began to swell and Liam sang the first lines of
“Last year,” the disembodied voice replied, “Sir and Captain Rogers purchased a large pine tree and decorated the apartment at the beginning of December. They hosted Colonel Rhodes, Miss Potts and Mr Hogan for a Christmas Eve dinner and watched
“OMG,” Rori moaned. “She’s gonna be the death of me.”
By the time Tony finished his confession, Aurora was crying, and she leant forward so that he could wrap his arms around her and hold her tightly against him.
Halfway through the week, while they were cuddled together on the sofa, watching a movie, Rori’s phone began blowing up with notifications.
“That kids been through so much in her life already, she doesn’t deserve this.”
“I just don’t know what to do, H,” she confessed. “Usually I’d paint, or I’d play or just do something to get out what I’m feeling but I haven’t been down to the studios in months.”
He found her curled up beneath a table, blood soaking through her sweater and her left hand a mangled mess of flesh and bone. He sucked in a deep breath, pushing aside his torment as a father and focusing on the scene as a soldier. He slipped his arm through the straps of the shield, freeing both of his hands and bent down, scooping her up and cradling her against his chest, his white button down shirt instantly turning red with blood. Aurora’s eyes fluttered open briefly as she moaned in pain.
“Ok,” Tony agreed. “I’ll try to stop controlling everything.”
“No Tony, I haven’t,” Pepper replied, not matching the humour in her friend’s voice.
“No,” Rori promised. “But I think I’ll definitely get a couple more. I really love the idea of having my art permanently a part of me.”
“What on earth are you doing up in the middle of the night?” he asked.
They started with small talk, Tony showing her some of his designs and telling stories of his past and Rori telling him about her childhood and friends back home.
“Mark I can’t thank you enough,” Rori said. “I honestly wouldn’t have been able to handle any of this in those first few week so thank you.”
“Oh,” Louis replied. “Hi there.”
“My dad’s a recovering alcoholic,” Rori replied, shocked that she’d been asked given that not many people had noticed over the years that she didn’t drink, and even fewer had ever bothered to find out why. “Apparently I’m genetically predisposed to addiction, so I just decided not to tempt fate.”
“You did,” Rori sighed. “So, what am I doing instead?”
Tears flooded her eyes, running down her face as she clicked through countless videos, each one breaking her heart more than the last. The tweets that accompanied the videos did nothing to stop her heart breaking.
“It’s the best and worst part of the job,” he answered, his arm slung over Tony’s shoulder. “Fantastic because there’s no one I’d trust to have my back more than Tony, but it’s also completely terrifying because if he goes down, I know I’m out of the fight too because I’m going straight for him and getting him out of there.”
“Oh, babe don’t,” Ella said. “They’ll all love you.”
“Jar of Flies. 3 Outlaws. Left Turn. Something Strange. Toxic Nebula.” Each suggestion was quickly refuted, and Xav barely paused after each no before firing off his next thought.
https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to love,” Harry murmured, worried that the boys were pressuring her into something she wasn’t ready for.
“I think it’s a great idea,” Liam added, Niall nodding along beside him with a giant grin on his face.
“And could you get me the contacts for Rascal Flatts?” Rori asked. “I’d like to talk to them, and just apologize again and maybe discuss doing something next year for their album release maybe.”
“Of course,” Aurora nodded. “Come in Sam.”
The car dropped them off at one of the many docks along the Thames and they made their way down towards the medium sized boat waiting at the waters edge. The party onboard was already in full swing by the time the pair made it aboard and Rori found herself recognising most of the faces in the crowd, despite having never meeting most of them before. There were other singers, song-writers, producers and other behind the scenes members of the British music scene. Harry soon had a glass in his hand as they pushed through the crowd on the back deck, looking for their friends. Eventually they spotted Louis and Liam towards the back of the boat and exchanged hugs.
“It was great,” she said. “I love your family.”
“Great to meet you too. We were all stoked when your manager reached out. Thanks again for flying out here.”
Louis grinned excitedly and held out his hand for Auroras. She laced their fingers together and they walked out onto the stage together, the sound of the crowd overwhelming loud. They both joined Liam and Niall who had already taken their seats behind the mic stands and Harry skipped his way back towards them all. “My wonderful girlfriend, Aurora Stark!” he yelled, winking at Rori as he took his seat next to her in the middle of the 5 of them. “This one’s called
“Zayn bailed to hang with Perrie and Niall’s on his way,” Liam replied.
“We're so in love.”
“Stop,” he said, his voice hard, leaving no room for debate. “Don’t you tell me what I deserve. I love you and I asked you to marry me because I want to spend the rest of our lives together. You are not broken Aurora. You’re a little battered and bruised but you could never break.”
“None of that,” Anne chided. “You both deserve to be happy and I’m just so glad you have each other. Couldn’t have asked for a better daughter-in-law.”
“Hello darling,” Robin greeted, hugging her tightly once she let go of Anne. “Congratulations,” he added, kissing her cheek and stepping back to wrap an arm around his wife.
“And we’re going nowhere,” Rori mumbled, blushing as soon as the words left her mouth. Harry laughed loudly, clasping a hand to his chest as he lent backwards on his stool and for a brief moment, she worried that he would fall.
Mark chuckled as she finally took a breath. “I’m not mad,” he promised. “As your manager, it’s my job to help you achieve whatever it is you want to achieve. Do I think a solo career is a smart move for you? Yeah, I do but I’m not going to push you into it if you’re not ready. I kind of figured you weren’t ready yet anyway since we dropped
Before long New Year’s Eve was upon them and everyone got dressed up for the massive party Tony was hosting, and by 11:30 the penthouse was crowded with people, the music loudly filling the space as people danced and drank away the final hours of 2015.
As the final notes faded out, Harry stepped around the microphone and swept Aurora into his arms, kissing her deeply as they both forgot about everyone else in the room, or the camera set up on the tripod to record the process.
Not long after Steve left, Aurora was sitting with the 4 boys, Harry and Louis sitting on either side of her on a sofa, while Liam and Niall sat opposite them.
“You’re really good,” she finally said, shyly looking back at the blond.
“May I?” she asked softly, holding out her hand for the phone. Steve paused, looking at her for a moment before sighing and handing the phone over. Tony continued his rant, unaware that his audience had changed until his daughter cut him off mid-sentence. “Stop!” she said firmly. “I was sitting on a bloody stool the whole time, it’s not like I did a fully choreographed routine.”
“I’m sorry, what now?” Rori gasped, earning a questioning look from Harry at her change in tone.
She smiled back in response, before a tech arrived by her side and ushered her towards side of stage and she prepared to step out. Right before she stepped out, she looked back over her shoulder to find him still standing there watching her, a smile lit up his face and he gave her a confident thumbs up.
. His eyes kept returning to hers as the song continued and every time he saw her singing back at him, his smile grew impossibly bigger. At the end of the song they once again locked eyes and he mouthed the words
“When you idolise someone like that, no one will ever be good enough for them,” Rori attempted to rationalise the hate already directed towards her. “Especially when you’re in love with him.”
“What did you think?” she asked, looking at her hands in her lap, nervous to hear his reply.
When they arrived at the arena that evening, they were escorted backstage and found the boys in the green room. Harry was quickly at her side as soon as they entered, his dimples flashing. “How was the rest of your afternoon, love?” he murmured in her ear, wrapping his arms tightly around her torso.
“I love you so much,” he sighed. “You know that, right?”
“I love her so much, Steve,” Harry whispered. “There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for her.”
Aurora walked through central park late one night in March. It was dark and cold, but she wore a big jacket, but the party at the San Remo had been so loud that even though she’d known it was a bad idea, she’d chosen to walk home from a party. She should have called Happy to come pick her up given the late hour, but it was only a 20 minute walk, and she relished the quite of the park. She was halfway home when she felt someone walking close behind her. She glanced over her shoulder to see a tall guy with the hood of his sweatshirt pulled up over his head walking close behind her and she quickened her pace, her heartbeat rising and her breathing rapid. She chided herself for being so stupid as to walk through Central Park alone, well after midnight and tried desperately to come up with a plan. She could call her fathers, the tower was only 10 minutes away, closer given the speed of the Iron Man suit, but they would be asleep, and god only knew what this guy would do in the time it took her dad to get to her. It would be useless to scream for help either, there was no one else in the park. She scrolled through the small menu on her StarkWatch, immediately hitting the panic button when it appeared on the screen. She kept walking, not knowing how long it would take for her Dad to wake up, activate the suit and get to her. She just had to hope he arrived before the guy got any ideas.
tore through the small crowd amassed inside the small pub. She felt her eyes grow warm as Tony stepped up behind her and placed his hands on her shoulders.
“Well she’s not wrong,” Louis replied, blushing slightly. “Can’t speak for Harold but I know I always miss my partner in crime when you leave tour to go home. More fun pranking the lads when I’ve got an accomplice.”
“I… I don’t think I’m ready,” Rori replied. “I know it won’t be as easy as it was, and I’m scared to find out I can’t do anything the way I used to.”
Aurora slipped down the hallway towards her room, towing Harry along behind her until they were away from the flashing lights and the swarming mass of people. She pushed him against the wall, attaching her lips to his as she pressed her body against him in the dark. They kissed for a while before Harry spun them around, pining Rori against the wall as he lips moved down along her jaw.
They sky was still dark when they woke the next morning and the sun was still hidden behind the city skyline, barely lighting the sky as they left the tower and walked across the road towards the southwest corner of Central Park. They were joined by the bands security team as they made their way up West Drive and across Sheep Meadow to reach the Summer Stage in Rumsey Playfield. Despite the pre-dawn hour, fans were already camped out across the park, having slept out overnight to ensure their spots for the concert and the five of them dashed towards the backstage tents behind the stage, avoiding drawing the attention of the fans in the soft morning light.
“You shouldn’t blame Pops for my choices,” Aurora said, finally crossing the room to stand in front of him.
The MC soon invited the couple to the dance floor for their first dance and Aurora made her way the grand piano on the stage beside the dance floor, neatly sweeping her dress aside as she sat down on the bench seat and flipping her long, curly hair back over her shoulder. She looked up towards her dad and stepdad, smiling at them warmly before placing her fingers against the keys. Tony and Steve slowly began their waltz as the opening notes played out before Aurora started to sing.
“You’re such a bore, Harold,” Louis replied with a sigh.
Steve Rogers stood in the penthouse of Stark Tower, looking out the window across central park. Tony was sitting nearby on the sofa, tapping away on his tablet and Steve took a moment to reminisce. It had been a little over a year since he had been pulled from the ice and woke to the 21
Aurora shook her head against his chest, taking a deep breath to steady herself before answering, her voice muffled as she continued to press her face into his Christmas sweater. “I love it.”
“As a friend or…”
After leaving New York, the tour stopped in Rutherford and Baltimore before taking 9 days off and while Niall, Liam and Louis used the time to fly home and see family briefly, Harry and Aurora headed for the coast to spend a few days on the beach.
“He’s told me a lot about you too,” Rori replied, a soft smile lifting the corners of her lips as she glanced over at her step-father. “That was before he knew you were still alive though.”
“I couldn’t stop him if I tried,” Tony laughed. “The kid is having the time of his life.”
“All god hon,” Mark replied. “Honestly you weren’t that busy so there wasn’t that much to cancel. There’s a few requests on songs that I’ll need to get you to sign off on and I got a request for your Avengers series to be shown in a gallery out in LA. Other than that, we just had the CMAs which the Rascal Flatts guys were completely understanding about you not being able to make it.”
Harry nodded, focusing on his own breathing, taking deep, deliberately calm breathes to encourage Rori to mimic him. Slowly she began to settle against his chest, the shaking lessening more and more as the minutes ticked by until she was almost completely still in his arms.
Harry kissed her temple. “Can’t wait.”
“And Steve,” Colbert asked, “what’s it like being a stepdad?”
Check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
Harry was surprised when he saw Aurora again in London the afternoon of the band's final performance on the X factor. He hadn’t expected her to still be sticking to the plans they had made months ago given that she had already flown out for the end of the tour the previous month. He quickly got over his surprise and rushed over to greet her, taking her in. While her hand was still strapped into a heavy brace and probably would be for many months to come, the sling was gone, and he could tell by the way she held yourself that the rest of her injuries had healed in the 2 and a half months since the shooting. Her long black hair was loosely curled and cascading over her shoulder and down her back, and she was wearing his favourite colour on her, a navy blue ¾ sleeved, form fitted dress that hugged her curves and ended just above her knees. He smiled widely as he pulled her into a tight embrace, letting her go only enough for their lips to meet.
“Hi,” Rori echoed with a laugh.
“Thank you,” Rori blushed. “I love you too and this suit; Wow.”
It was late November and Rori was walking down a hallway between classes when she saw a bright green flyer on a noticeboard and stopped.
This is shorter chapter just to tie up the Letterman interview and now we are out of flashback sequences and into the meat of the story. Get ready for Harry to make his entrance in the next chapter :)
“Are you kidding me?” Rori laughed. “Like I was gonna let you miss this! We’ve been fans from the very start, I was not gonna watch their last show before the hiatus without you.”
“This hasn’t exactly been an easy year, love,” he replied. “I don’t think it’s all that surprising that you’re struggling more with missing her after everything that’s happened.”
“I can do that,” Mark replied, typing the note into his phone to follow up later in the day.
“Stop it Harry,” Rori had laughed, her face bright red in embarrassment. “I was 15!”
“I’m sorry love,” he said, his hands falling from the zipper. “Are you not ready?”
“You with us again?” Sam asked calmly, once again placing his hand on her shoulder.
As always please check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
She was nervous as she climbed out of the cab, adjusting the hem of her shirt as she made her way through the front doors and gave her name to the receptionist behind the front desk. She was buzzed through the doors to the right and instructed to take the first right and then the third door on the left. Aurora knocked as she opened the door and stepped into the control room, the large window in one wall looking into a spacious live room, instruments and microphones already set up and waiting. There were 3 men sitting in the control room, who all stood when she entered, stepping forward to introduce themselves. Gary, Jay and Joe were all lovely guys, and Aurora was a little star struck at first, having been fans of Rascal Flatts for years, but after spending most of the day chatting and getting to know each other she quickly got over that and was able to look forward to working alongside them for the 2 weeks without the overwhelming anxiety.
“Please stop saying their full names like that,” Rori begged. “It’s weird.”
“What do you say we give the whole thing one last run through love? From the top?” Harry asked her once they were told they had everything. “One just for us?”
“I was,” Rori answered. “Helen and Greg wanted to take me in, but CPS said they couldn’t because a bar was no place for a teenager. We were all so angry over that. I’d spent my entire life living in that bar and now more than ever I needed to stay with the only people I had left but it wasn’t my decision, so I spent the next few months getting bounced from one foster family to the next. Some were good, some… weren’t so good. They did make sure I stayed in the Wimbledon area, so I got to stay at the same school, which I’m grateful for. I’m not sure I would have made it without my friends. My mum and my best friend Ella’s mum had been good friends, so she stepped in a lot and made sure I was doing ok. Depending on which family I was living with I was sometimes allowed to go to the pub after school to see Helen and Greg and play my piano. I know it could have been so much worse if I didn’t have people looking out for me, but it was still such an awful time of my life. I was grieving my mum and trying to figure out what I was going to do with myself now that I was alone. I turned 16 a little over a week after the accident and within about a month of living in foster care, I filed for emancipation and I had planned on moving back into the apartment above the pub, but the judge denied my application given that my father was listed on my birth certificate but had not officially relinquished his parental rights. So, I decided to find him and make him sign the papers so that I could move back home and get just a little part of my life back.”
“Not drinking?” he asked, noticing the half empty bottle of water next to her.
“Thought you might want to talk about what happened?” he said. “Promise nothing you tell me leaves this room. I won’t talk to Tony or Steve or Harry or anyone else about what you tell me.”
In the middle of November, Aurora was glued to her laptop as she watched the little clock in the corner of her screen ticking away the minutes. She finally hit refresh on her browser one last time and suddenly the new One Direction album was live. She pressed play on the first track, smiling excitedly as
“So, you’ve never had a drink?” Nick asked, not shocked, but certainly curious.
“I expected the nightmares,” Tony admitted, “but I didn’t think they’d scare me that much.”
“Thank god that boy of mine finally plucked up the courage to ask you,” she said, her eyes darting over to where Harry was standing with his Steve, Gemma and Robin. “You make him so happy, love.”
“Nah I think we’re still good with taking a break,” Louis replied, trying not to roll his eyes.
“They were the first to encourage your art?”
“Thank you for coming to cheer him up,” Gemma whispered in Aurora’s ear. “I saw the videos online and hated how miserable he’s been.”
Nomad: I have a feeling that wasn’t a pleasant conversation.
Nomad: I know you think everybody hates you, but I think this proves otherwise. You don't get somebody teddy bears and flowers if you hate them.
CoulsonPJ: The jackets were easier after the amputation and I got used to it.
Hunter: Don't say that. We will fix this.
TMNS: If the BITC does tell everybody, you won’t have to hit him because Afia would’ve already taken care of it. He has yet to earn back his autograph Mark Hamill picture.
Acronym guide: ATCU stands for Advanced Threat Containment Unit and is sort of SHIELD’s public replacement that is secretly run by the Director of the rebuild organization. Or it was at least at the start of the story. That will change. Poor Tony.
Love: But how are you doing mentally? Were you tortured?
Counselor Laura: I did a stint as Tony sobriety coach post-Siberia incident. We also lived at the tower for a few months to stay off Ross’ radar. I'm still his AA sponsor. 22 months and going strong. I’m really proud of him.
Me: Agreed. You can’t change what happened, you can only move on from it. Now that you know, what are you going to do?
Venom: Including Spidey Berry Crunch?
Me: I feel like you’re deflecting which is weird because you text messaged me first.
Tony: I can’t promise that mostly because talking to you in itself is a felony.
“I do not want to think about that,” he never did.
Tony Bear: I hate AutoCorrect, that was supposed to be curse words
Real-life artist: Misaky0
Me: Isn’t Vision married?
Me: Okay they’re also here to make sure I don’t punch him. It was a near thing on the plane.
This chapter was originally going to end with meeting up with the last one and seeing events from the 2018 perspective. However, I decided that the brother-sister conversation needed its own chapter. So we will meet up with the bad timeline in the next chapter. Besides, remember time is relative in the story.
“Which is why I think they can take care of themselves,” Steve responded.
Me: How long until someone like that senator who hates you tries to declare people with powers not human and therefore, not entitled to protection under the law?
“Because this is going to soon become my first sexual relationship since undergoing treatment and I have a history of really bad sexual relationships, that include nonconsensual sex tapes, Suarez felt that we should have a discussion about hard noes, personal limits, safe words, and of course enthusiastic consent.”
From what I’ve gathered, I am here due to time travel gone wrong. Or maybe attempt to undo the damage caused by Thanos gone badly. I’m still trying to wrap my mind around the fact that I’ve landed 5+ years in the future where half of all life in the universe was wiped out of existence at the snap of fingers and six stones.
“That was private.” He admonished both.
Tony: You realize I am really bad at articulating things. Like really bad. Like Siberia happened bad.
I had the idea to show some of Tony's get well cards/emails, but I couldn't figure out where to put it because I wanted to get to Steve and Tony talking to each other soon. However, the desire to show off more artwork won out in the end. We’re doing Lila’s card and email first and the others’ cards after Tony and Steve get some quality time. It’s been a little under two days since the sunflower incident. Both are restless.
Ana Jr.: Who is Enoch? Also, who are Nana and Bobo?
“Not at all and he definitely owes me an apology. However, I’m already coming up with a list of not evil people to put in charge of the government front covering Shield. Do you think that they’ll be willing to appoint Simmons? I think she has dual citizenship, because Fury thinks of everything. I think. Although, she may have lost it during the Hydra/Shield fall out.”
“But nearly everything else seems identical until you arrived?” She asked.
In addition, some of the events from this chapter come from episode 4.2 of Agents of Shield. Of course, modified for the new timeline.
Me: Also, please don’t watch that. I was high and my parents were murdered just months before. Not that I knew that at the time, but regardless I was in a really bad place in a relationship with somebody who did not love or respect me. Which totally explains why he secretly videotaped what we were doing and made millions off it.
Anthony: The exercise went well. We managed to put the entire new advance threat team into medical.
Me: So how did you act differently when you found out about the Palladium poisoning?
Me: Putting Spidey Junior and Lily bear down for a nap because seven and eight-year-olds need to rest after consuming that much sugar and running around. However, they fell asleep on top of me, which gives me the perfect opportunity to have a long conversation with you.
“We have to start somewhere.” Tony finished for Steve.
HSBF: Be careful.
DILF: Tony Stark never does what is expected of him. Why start now?
Me: Coulson didn’t, although it was pretty obvious that he got to see you before I did when pictures of his signed copy of Captain America number one became his avatar on Freaking Cool.
Captain Tight Pants: Part of me hopes you just said that because you're jealous.
Chief Mechanic: That threat never works. I don’t think Deke is a horrible person to have as grandkid/grandnephew. The kid is annoying. I’ll give you that, but he has grown on me a little after I read his report.
Anthony: Really, I don’t care about the stocks. Everything will probably go down 10 points unless they were convinced I was making weapons for the government again. We both know proverbial hell will freeze over before then.
Venom: Exactly, which is why I’m not mad at her. She’s a good friend.
"Good idea." Steve said, throwing the sheets in the closet instead.
Number one May: Despite being over 18 now, I don’t count Flash as an adult. He has another year of high school. Especially because Afia sent me a picture of you in bed together shirtless this morning.
Me: So do I, but there’s no point in apologizing. I’m a grown-up. I knew what I was getting into.
Captain Tight Pants: She’s not my girlfriend. We’ve talked about this multiple times. You don’t need to be jealous of Sharon.
Steve: They were definitely one step ahead of us. I wonder why they didn’t destroy it?
The boss: I suggest you hit Pepper’s chocolate stash instead. I know she still has a lot of the good German stuff. You need to be able to drive.
Tony: Again, ridiculously romantic answer. Who knew you were a hopeless romantic at heart.
"Focus on other things." Of course Steve kissed him again, which made Tony’s mind focus on the wrong thing.
Me: Why isn’t it a Pepper thing?
Cuddle Bunny: I’ll pass on that message to. I’ll talk to you later
“I don’t think it is. So you’re hiring Miles’ mom to get her away from her estranged husband?”
“Thank you. You don’t have to worry about me. I’m okay, just a little sad Karen. I just really miss my boyfriend even though he’s been gone two minutes and probably hasn’t even flown away yet,” Tony lamented to the AI.
Me: Phil and Clint are past the point where they can actually talk about these things, where Elizabeth is not.
FRIDAY: You’re afraid that if you discover that the Winter Soldier did kill someone else Sir cared about that you will be forced to tell him. You’re uncertain if you can do that despite the consequences of not telling Sir the truth last time because you don’t want to cause him any more pain emotionally.
HSBF: What happened to Yo-Yo? I thought she was coming with you.
T Stark: Also, I am currently sitting in a green room getting ready to tape an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel in like the next 30 minutes so in person is out until at least Saturday. Which BTW was my original plan until your nephew decided to put on his new toy without locking the door.
Me: Probably no team that involves me could be doing anything considered black ops. I’m too flashy and well known. But there’s hundreds, maybe thousands of people with powers throughout the world right now and I’m sure not all of them are underage. Maybe some of them have your good doer energy.
"I support Steve's relationship with you now, but I would like to know how it fell apart before." Tony sighed, realizing that he was going to have to give Sam's something.
Captain Tight Pants: It's weird finding out that the grandkids of my friends from before are already dead.
HSBF: Probably. I have to go. I’ll text message you in a couple of days. I have a therapy appointment in like 10 minutes.
Me: Especially if you become the acting head of the ATCU.
Me: And you my cuddle puppy?
HSBF: Was that why so many agents were with you?
Anthony: It’s okay to be sad. It’s okay to mourn the past. Just don’t live there all the time.
Nomad: You texted me before you unpacked?
Tony: We shall see. Whatever the outcome. Let us hope we won’t have to deal with Ross anymore regardless, and if the other person gets elected, she will keep her promises about protecting people with powers and their families.
FRIDAY: I believe you are lonely too.
StarkAE: You asked me to sign your poster.
Nomad: You now have DC food trucks? I told you it was a disastrous two weeks, what do you think?
Me: Which in hindsight was not a complete lie. You can’t be doing what we’re doing without having an entire 747 worth of baggage.
Ana Jr.: That was a protocol initially created to help Steve Rogers acclimate to the 21st-century. I'm glad a new use was found for the protocol. Nothing happened to my big sister Friday. You met her last night. She now goes by the name Afia Stark-Rogers.
Genius Princess: I could’ve just woke up very early because I am not used to the time difference.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony: Yes. I don’t want another Alexandra Pierce or Gideon Malick ending up in charge. You keep saying that the best hands are our own hands. I’m not entirely sure that I agree with you but I trust myself more than I trust a lot of other people.
Nomad: He called me his boyfriend earlier and I liked that a little. So maybe.
Blue phone: That was rhetorical.
Anthony: So questions about everything you’re doing day-to-day is out of the question and I’m sure Friday can find the good stuff for me on Twitter. Social media has taken over the world and you have quite the following.
All the twitter names in this chapter were fake (I hope) except for the official Tony Stark account because I actually used the official Tony Stark account for that one.
TMNS: And you love Steve Rogers?
Nomad: What about coming with you as himself?
Xxxxx
Red phone: Because the symbol of America that the DOD paid for is MIA after refusing to go along with the Accords. That makes them look bad and they hate that. They want answers and I’m not sure Congress is going to be pacified with a phone that can go a year and a half without being charged.
Agent L. Barton: That’s what I want to do. We have a full medical center here that can help with the withdrawal symptoms. It’s not Florida, but it will do.
Football Hunter: Baby brother arrived safe and sound to the lighthouse to commence operation, relocate the rocks that eat people and spit them out in other places/time periods.
Cuddle Bunny: I hope you’re not on the Raft right now
D Fitzsimmons: When this report is over, I really want to know about the LMD thing. I heard about them, but I've never seen one.
Monkey lover 2: This is true.
Me: I think it’s pretty much a match made in political appointee hell, but Jeffrey probably would’ve been made Director without your suggestion. So it could’ve been worse. So much worse.
“I’ll get you one of the new phones that has both channels in one device.”
Venom: I feel like there’s more to it than this.
“Which was bad enough," Peter mumbled under his breath, which resulted in both Flash and MJ putting an arm around him. Everybody was unsettled about that. All of them ended up dust in the other timeline — even Ned. Of his wider circle of school friends, only Cindy Moon and Cecily O'Reilly survived the decimation. (Liz survived too, but she is more Flash’s friend because she’s never going to forgive him for his part in her dad getting arrested.) Although in the other timeline, Cecily was still going by Seymour at the time of the decimation. Maybe it took longer for her to come out as transgender in the other timeline.
(See the end of the chapter for
Me: Does the king know that his sister created a Synthetic Wakanda American child for you?
: Daisy Johnson, Former alias Skye. Referred to in the media as Quake. Former Rising Tide member. Former Shield agent. Currently tracking the terrorist group known as the Watchdogs. Technically wanted by the U.S. government but they’re not looking that hard.
Purple Princess: I’m working on it. Maybe if I’m lucky, I’ll have it together before our meeting in 45 minutes.
“OK,” Pepper responded with a sad smile.  “I think that will give Tony enough time to realize that it’s not going to fall apart.”
“I knew even though you’re looking at engagement rings, you’re still upset about that.” Hunter grins.
Subject: Yes, I got your text messages and sorry, I was distracted by Stefan’s abs and ass.
Tony: Not quite, but the power discrepancy is less than last time. Ross is still Secretary of State but Talbot is in charge of his own agency.
HSBF: Yes. And I’ve already tried it on. Sam took pictures. I’m sending them to you now.
We are again in the bad timeline. This makes sense because we will have three days in this timeline before we meet back with the other timeline, only a few hours later.
Me: I’m sure you could allow your baby brother to be with the love of your life without emotional support. He’s so head over feet in love with her, he doesn’t even respond to my flirting like you. At least you blush and get flustered.
HSBF: I think I told you that you needed to tell her earlier.
S stands for Secretary of State
Football Hunter: Whatever. Just don’t die on me.
gone. You have merely moved on to the next adventure. One has only ascended to be with the ancestors.
"You don't have to save the world alone. Actually, you trying to do it all on your own has created a lot of problems in the past." Sam said pointedly.
Hi, teenage mutant ninja spider.
“Okay, definitely interesting. First boyfriend?” Tony asked.
Chief Mechanic: Honestly, either. I don’t think she cared which. The other Avengers were trying to get the stones, and she turned it into a mission to get Fitz back. At least that’s what Deke told Ana. He’s not exactly happy with his Nana.
“You could go back and switch a few of those my boyfriends to Tony or even Anthony. Then you can let him figure out which Tony you’re talking about,” Tony suggested.
“I told her she can find out at the wedding.”
"So room service recommendations?" Sam said changing the subject.
Red phone: I’m back in New York. I broke in my new bed, but not the fun way. The designers did a really good job. Did Friday send you pictures?
Agent L. Barton: I’ve been talking to Friday about current shield medical/psych personnel from my timeline that might still be here. I think I have a few people we can bring in. At a minimum, we need an actual psychiatrist to help us plan this mission, not just to help with Simmons. I am still working on my degree.
“You’re right, she was one of the victims of the decimation along with Leo Fitz. Tony might be one of the few that understands what’s going on, especially because Deke is missing.” Steve explained as he sighed again.
Tony: While you’re hiding out in only Thor knows where I’m going to send you a bunch of history books to read.
“It is.”
Me: Again, that was because you were trying to pull my zipper down with your teeth.
The Mechanic: Okay I’m well aware I’m neglecting everybody and I promise I will take a rest break and at least reply to a few emails before I go back to the shirtless Stefan in my bed. He’s just so tempting. Absolutely edible.
The Mechanic: And that explains why Spider mom left a really long voicemail asking if the nursing position at the Avenger compound was still available.
HSBF: I don’t want to think about that possibility. I’d rather have you around. You are more important than money.
Purple Princess: It's never too early or late for a Stark to get pizza in any of the five boroughs. I'll take care of it. The usual order will be waiting for you when you get to MJ's apartment and maybe a cheesecake. Cheesecake seems necessary.
May: The other May and Phil are not married. They’re possibly engaged. Nobody could get clear intel.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all lovely. I’m so happy you enjoyed the artwork in the last chapter.
From: Pepper_pot
Tony Bear: That bad.
“That’s a long story,” Hunter replied, sighing.
My therapist tried to get me to explain why I was mad at you and I really couldn’t. I guess that means that I’m not mad at you, even though I know that you were the one that ordered Clint to knock me out. I’m starting to understand why you did what you did. You didn’t want to be in a position where you would have to bring me in or worse.
“Robin and Kamala are my main priorities. May understands that, but we are never going to have that type of love. I know May is right that we are just staying together as an emotional crutch. We will never move on if we don’t let go.” Okay, that was more self-aware than Tony thought Steve would ever be.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. It’s now time for our favorite AI that’s not actually an AI because that’s illegal now in the MCU. That’s probably a good thing for Tony because he’s making FRIDAY do his dirty work in this conversation.
Thank you to everyone who read or review the last conversation. Your encouragement is always welcomed and appreciated.
Me: No. Ross wanted somebody who he could manipulate be in charge of Shield since Talbot made sure to strip Ross of as much power as he could in exchange for bringing Shield back into the government. Lucky for Ross, his family member, by marriage, just managed to get superpowers.
“I mean, I can understand…" Tony started to stammer, and Steve realizes that the man didn't understand the truth of his last statement. He doesn't want any more miscommunications between them.
Stefan: I’ll try to remember that.
Purple Princess: A bunch all at once covering about a two-week period which doesn’t make sense because she’s only been MIA for two days.
The Mechanic: Kudos on the Watchdogs being named a terrorist organization. Of course, President Ellis waited until after the results were in but since he’s never going to run for re-election, he can now actually make unpopular decisions. Maybe the next four years will be a little more tolerable. Less pandering to the hate-mongering demographic.
Counselor Laura from 2023: We all make a difference by everything we do. Little ripples can become waves. Remember that.
Tony: You’re good. I mean, it makes sense. I retired because of Morgan.
“Okay, fine I will give the book of evil to Afia, but other you better break out the engagement ring after we save him. I’m sure he’s watching this.” He tells Leo as he handed the book over to Afia.
Tony: Sort of. I hired his construction firm to do Phase 2 of the SI upstate compound. Bonus, now I have a babysitter and Spanish tutor for TMNS.
Me: Probably.
“You prepared for this possibility?” May asked.
May: Yes. Her daughter was lost in the decimation. Her marriage didn’t last much longer after that.
Agent M : Former boss now. War Machine is in charge with the Heart heading up operations. I’ll keep you posted.
He is mad at you. Furious really. But Tony still won't throw you under the metaphorical bus or to the board. He won't let Colonel Rhodes touch you either. The conversation with Shield wasn't exactly pleasant. Despite how angry he is, he’s still loyal to you because you stood by his side when he did a lot of stupid things, mostly involving various illegal drugs. Someday, I'm going to want to know more about that, but not today.
Xxxxx
“I mean he’s going to eventually get half of everything anyway. Why not start early?” At that moment a very large crash could be heard.
From: Lily bear
Monkey lover 2: We are?
Me: Because they’re equals now?
Francis: Because no one told me otherwise until he was dead, again. Therefore, in a fight between May and Simmons, I’m going to be team Simmons all the way.
Cuddle Bunny: I would ask about your past dating experiences, but I’m afraid to.
Blue phone: You’re not going to answer that question, are you? I said you didn’t have to and you really don’t. This conversation didn’t happen.
Steve: You’re wonderful.
Hunter: Locking him out of specific files didn’t help that. You can’t keep the truth from people. I didn’t mean it when I said that I wish you would’ve blocked me from finding out about Bobbi. I’m glad I know the truth. Although I wish I didn’t stumble across it reading another Hunter’s diary. He really should know better than to store that on the Stark server.
Friday: However, in keeping with my promise to Mr. Stark, please listen to the song
Me: It was worth getting arrested for. Especially after the legal team made it go away.
"And yes she's back permanently. I know Steve well enough to know that you're going to need extra help to keep him from doing stupid stuff like suicide by nobility. It's such a dangerous trait to have in a boyfriend."
Me: We’d been for a while at that point. We were just keeping it from the public to keep the stock from going in the toilet. We were still not fully recovered from the Ultron fiasco and I really didn't want to lay people off.
Tony: As evidenced by the fact I kept taking meetings while on vacation.
Me: I’m currently working my way through one. It’s really hard to get over you because every time we do this, I kind of remember why I’m in love with you - despite the fact you’re a dick. I feel like getting over you is going to be impossible plus I really don’t want to be over you. (Message not sent)
Blue phone: Not an antiquated flip phone.
New A/N: May we all be fortunate enough to have level 3 friends to help us get through the tough moments in life.
Red phone: Smart choice.
Red phone: Did I send you a picture of my dick again?
Now let’s talk about my relationship with Maria. That was complicated especially during the later years. There was a lot of resentment for her not talking Howard out of sending me off to boarding school. I’ve made peace with it, now that I know why. However, I regret a lot of the things I said to her and I wish things could’ve been different in the end. But she is my mom. I loved her, despite her faults and there were many.
Kitty brother: Good.
Cuddle Bunny: That’s good.
Anthony love: Like seriously, what the fuck is going on sugarplum?
Purple Princess: You think they would have stopped after I kick their ass, but no. There are idiots. Oh shit.
Kitty brother: But we should be prepared?
HSBF: I don’t really want to make jokes about either one of us dying. That’s something that is serious and I don’t want to joke about. I don’t really want to think about it.
Me: He did great and I was proud, genuinely proud, and then it all went to hell. I knew he was still investigating. The suit was still tracking him. I knew he was running reconnaissance and yet I didn’t try to stop him.
Me: So I assume the diplomatic visit did happen?
Me: Well, I don’t think I can pull off an Albert Nobel. He was the last Merchant of Death and now everyone just thinks he is the Nobel Prize guy.
“Ok,” She said again.
http://misaky0.tumblr.com/post/157401337369/this-art-is-linked-to-hope-you-have-unimited-text
Me: They’re fine. The Princess is actually allowing you in there unsupervised?
Good news, none of the equipment was broken. Peter kept the workstation from crashing to the ground because they kind of knocked it loose. The bad news he's currently being yelled at by the Princess.
Agent L. Barton: I read what happened. Wanda had to kill her boyfriend to destroy the stone, and then the purple asshole just brought him back and ripped the stone out of his head in front of her. Yo-Yo tried to get the gauntlet from him, and he ripped her arms off. That’s going to leave long-term scars.
This is the first time I've written anything from his perspective, so I feel like it's going to be fun.
“Thank you for lying, but it’s not necessary. You’ve known me for less than five years and you’ve known him since playgroup.” Tony tells Steve.
Steve is going to try something different with the next few questions because this is taking forever. The timestamp in this chapter will be from Steve’s perspective.
I am OK. Some bad people tried to hurt me, but I'm OK because Ms. Pepper is really smart. It's not the first time and I always manage to bounce back. I’m not going anywhere. Really, if I didn’t get so hurt that time in Afghanistan, I probably wouldn’t have spent so much time in the hospital this time.
Purple Princess: Not at school because it’s not secure. Your house is also out because it’s not secure. But, unfortunately, your dad won’t let you come to my house because he doesn’t want to make your mom mad.
Red spider: She keeps telling Daisy that they’re just friends.
CoulsonPJ: You didn't tell him that you survived the Hydra infiltration until you almost left to take care of your dad by baby shower gift, no less.
“No.” He answered honestly because he wasn’t paying attention to the details.
Pepper pot: I accept your apology for the 50
When you think about it, he got out of prison and went right back to doing the exact same thing. You escape hell and you were just laying low trying to get your mind back together and then you allowed yourself to be locked up. At least that shows a certain amount of contrition. Maybe that's why karma is leaving you be where you are and the bastard is currently being scraped off the floor of a warehouse in Baltimore. I didn't pull the trigger either. His client did.
Maybe I have been putting too much pressure on him. An internship at Stark Industries is an important thing. I make it my life’s goal to not be anything like my father and I kind of feel like I might be doing that by putting too much pressure on Peter.
The new consultant: Then maybe you should write to him. His Avenger system name is TMNS short for teenage mutant ninja spider.
Me: There’s a story there.
“The program just changed the circumstances of my life, but I was still me. I was the one who killed Lincoln and Vijay and dozens of other Inhumans to get their powers. Because of me, Aida was so powerful that the only way to defeat her was for Coulson to make a deal with the ...” Leo paused.
Me: Is that fear worse than what actually losing him was like? Because I remember you those first few months after New York. You were as lost as I was. Maybe even worse. I was always afraid that one day I will arrive at your apartment and you would be dead on the floor.
If I’m doing the math right, the decimation happened about a month after Leo disappeared from this timeline. This means that we diverge from this timeline, or at least that’s what Bruce hypothesizes. This would be our future if he didn’t come. This could still be our future except Coulson is not terminal and Steve and Tony are practically married to each other. (I haven’t even met this timeline’s Tony yet and I kind of want to smack him upside the head for letting the situation get this bad.)
“We would’ve been aware.” Thor shot back.
Cuddle bunny: Why do you keep calling her Agent Scary?
Venom: I think I get that, and I’m not that upset about the robot thing because, honestly, she tried to tell me the truth since the beginning. Since I’m stuck in medical with nothing to do, I’ve been reading our old text messages, and it’s all there.
“But I get it. I think I have that type of love with Pepper, especially now that we’ve settled into co-parenthood.” Tony explained.
Cuddle Bunny: They say the road to Hell is paved with good intentions.
Me: Besides, the only one who screwed one of the agents in that room was you, but again I’m not telling you that. Probably ever. (Message not sent.)
“I will never argue against that point. I don’t want you to go through all of this alone. But, hey, there's always rebound sex." Tony joked, and Steve could almost tell he's a little defensive. Steve is now aware enough that Tony joked when he was scared. Which was fine because Steve was terrified. But maybe he needs to stop lying.
Nomad: I’m sorry.
Anthony: I took the jet. I’ve been here for a few hours. I even had a few of the meetings already. Although, I did bring a suit or two because, well, I almost got killed by sunflower seeds last month. The ‘bodyguards’ are also with me, armed with EpiPen’s and Icer’s.
CoulsonPJ: It is iconic.
“Happily engaged with a ton of adopted teenagers?” Steve retorted.
Me: Shit, the ferry thing was the lab accident?
Chief Mechanic: No, she did not disappear during the Decimation. I didn’t know that there were accounts from Hunter prime in there.
“I’d rather keep my mind than my body. You?”
“Yes, actually.” Laura heard Steve respond from beside her.
Stephen C: I still have to ask. I got worried when Yo-Yo called for help.
: Lance Hunter, former Shield agent and former lieutenant in the British Special Air Service.  Was married to Shield agent Barbara “Bobbi” Morris a.k.a. Mockingbird. Disavowed shortly before negotiations on the Accords began due to incident with the Russian government. See classified notes for more details.
Red phone: I hate board meetings.
The Big Boss: I think they’re freaking out because this time it’s obviously a serious relationship. This is not a fling. He was on your arm at a Stark industries sponsored international event to raise awareness about wildlife trafficking with various heads of state. That shows that you're serious and serious relationships bother them.
Me: Of course. Have a good day Tony. Talk to you soon.
Anthony love: You better protect me from your best friend.
Red Malibu: But I am trying. You should get that, considering you shot Stefan.
Tony: Not just you, everybody. I could eventually find another way to get you home, but this is the best option for everyone else. It’s going to allow me to steer the new Accords process and protect the youths with powers. But if you don’t want me to do it, I won’t.
Me: It would have been really nice to know about that earlier because I could’ve rubbed it in Ross’s face after his snide comments about Bruce. It turns out the US government really did lose a nuclear warhead and Agent’s team had to save their asses.
Me: No, it won’t be. I felt like I was channeling Howard.
“I do not have a crush on you. Your girlfriend would rip off my balls.” Hunter remarked.
“I’m now supposed to tell you what I like about you. I’m also supposed to be honest about it and say things I wouldn’t say to a complete stranger.” Steve explained.
“We are professional lemonade makers. At the same time, you feel guilty because you are here enjoying the good stuff when other people are not.” Tony remarked.
Also, the last few text messages of the chapter before are happening concurrently with the first part of this chapter.
Me: Shit!
Nomad: You're good for a lot of things.
Blue phone: There's a list?
Captain Tight Pants: That’s okay.
Steve: No. Also, shouldn't he stay with Pepper? That way, it's not two against one.
To: Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider
Nomad: I don't think I like Reeves very much except for maybe John Wick.
Things went okay-ish. Yo-Yo had the Bastard in front of her with weapon in hand. She could've killed him. I wouldn't have thought anything less of her if she did. This guy murdered her cousin who was more like a brother to her. He was the only family she had left before he was murdered. Killing the Bastard that did it wouldn't make the pain go away, but it would feel good to know that the person who took your loved one is no longer breathing.
“Which is why you are coming down here for food,” MJ suggested just as Peter’s phone beeped again with another message from May.
Tony: Yes, it actually happened. I have pictures. It’s been the only calming thing that I have found out in the last 24 hours.
“He’s wearing his super noise-canceling headphones so he could sleep in the middle of the day. Which was the only reason why we were able to get dressed without waking him up.”
I will say I had a lot of fun writing Clint and Natasha’s Interaction. I didn’t have enough of it in the first story. That will change here. At this point, it's evident that this story is going to be a bit more ensemble than the first one. Although we will still be working on getting Steve and Tony 2.0 to get their heads out of their asses. Since they have seven more years of baggage, this could take a while.
Red phone: You were too busy pining after Barnes, so of course not. Despite the fact you have a stomach I could eat off of, you tried to kill me, so it doesn’t matter.
Tony: Yes, because surprisingly enough the actual internship was not canceled but it’s now a real paid internship complete with things like shredding papers and sharpening pencils when summer comes. For now, it’s a virtual internship with lots of things that must be done on a Stark pad. Which, at the moment, is mostly sorting through my emails.
“We are going to need professional help."
Venom: And the second thing you did was look for yourself?
Me: Your boyfriend will talk to you when you get out of your meetings and we are done talking.
Me: It’s so sweet that you asked cuddle bunny.
Steve: Maybe you could apologize for yelling at her.
Yes, I want an update on your life. So yes, always feel free to email me. It may take me a moment to respond, but I will always respond.
“That feels like most days. Let’s move on to the next question because I don’t want to drive crying.” He was already halfway there.
Me: Horribly. It’s hard to find someone confident that could pass a security screening. I have batch two tomorrow and I may have invited Benjamin and Agent to watch. Okay, they’re invited to pull me out with a fake emergency when it starts to really go south.
With Howard, I always had to be perfect. I never could be who he wanted me to be. It took me a long time to realize that I didn’t need to be. I don’t want Peter to push himself to be perfect. I just want him to be 15. I never got to be 15. I’m pretty sure I was a college junior at his age.
To be continued…
Cuddle Bunny: Don’t call her that. Could they have taken your phone away from you in an effort to trace my location?
Anthony: I am all rested out. Four days in the middle of Appalachia will do that to a guy. I kind of just want to hug my workbench right now.
Agent Laura: Yes. Look, a lot of old Shield’s problems were Hydra-related, but not all of them were. Maybe you shouldn’t send people in with guns to deal with those that suddenly develop superpowers. That is just asking to escalate the situation. Social workers can do more.
HSBF: And how do you know this? Did Fury tell you all of this?
Tony Potts: Although Capt. Tight Pants did have a brilliant idea. When we miraculously manage to drop you off, we also pick up the stone that your team already managed to get out of Vision's head.
Xxxxx
“Agent Romanoff took him to his room to calm down.” Agent Piper provided.
"I just don't want you to get caught up." Tony leans over to kiss Steve again.
Me: Don’t ask. Just don’t ask. Also, Anthony never actually told Pepper that Coulson is not dead, so that was just not a good conversation.
CoulsonPJ: I’ll try. I'll update you when I have more.
Nomad: Thank God. (Message not sent)
Agent L. Barton: I get that.
Counselor Laura: I wouldn’t exactly call it that and the protocol has been on since Siberia. It’s the main reason why Tony didn’t succumb to alcohol poisoning during his last bender that triggered the alcohol intervention.
Steve: So, we can be 100% sure she’s from a different past or timeline. Maybe Simmons should look through her phone? She’s better with tech.
Me: Yes, because if Monkey Lover didn’t suggest that I text message him when I was completely drunk I have this feeling that the end of the universe could’ve came and we still would not have been on speaking terms and that would have been just bad. Tragic, really. I’m glad that we fixed things. I wasn’t expecting us to fix it to this point, but I’m not complaining.
Blue phone: A lot of days, especially now that everybody is so scattered, but for a while it was better at the compound at least.
HSBF:  I recognize that one. There's nothing very ironic about that song.
Me: And then it all goes horribly wrong.
Anthony: Also, after the fall of Shield, Agent America had to be un-person. She really doesn’t have an actual identity outside of the government. We should make stuff as real as possible especially if you living as Stefan is the only way you can come back eventually.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. This is going to be a little different, but it will make sense in the end. The following are excerpts from Tony’s therapy journal written over the last 2 1/2 months starting from oldest (which was written about the time Laura began functioning as Tony’s counselor, but before he knows where Bucky really is) to newest (written about an hour after the last chapter).
Chief Mechanic: I want to tell him myself when we arrive tomorrow or rather later today at this point. Although I'm sure he just read all of this over your shoulder because I would totally be doing that with Stevie bear.
Me: By next Saturday, everything will be upstate and Happy will obviously be on a plane back to Malibu so I can avoid his wrath.
I’m over it. You probably shouldn’t try to date your grandmother’s ex-boyfriend, even if biologically, he is almost the same age as you. Especially if he doesn’t bother to call or text message you for two years. Maybe you weren’t the only one trying to forget. I don’t remember if I mentioned before that I’m really bad at dealing with death.
Pepper pot: There’s no point of you going all the way back to Queens. Just stay here. Besides, I would like to go over some work stuff with you since Deke is unavailable.
Monkey lover 2: Good
“It’s safe in a pocket dimension. So instead of being ripped out of Vision's head in front of Wanda after she's forced to destroy the stone, we can just keep it secure in a top-secret location. I don’t even know where my cousin stashed it.” Afia explained.
Stephen C: Maybe possibly. He kept talking about how he would do our wedding. Apparently, we are having a night ceremony to cut down on Super villain attacks. He said he would ask once he was sure that it wasn’t going to all fall apart.
Tony Bear: Me finding out about how your lunch is going with your ex-girlfriend is a much better use of my time.
Tony: Yes but I say less stupid stuff when I write it down. However, I am willing to forgo my normal safety net if I can see your face daily. Not just us texting every few days but we can talk daily.
Nomad: You said that it wasn’t an issue, but this is not the first time you have mentioned being uncomfortable with someone significantly younger than you as your significant other. Is it going to be a problem?
D Fitzsimmons: According to Robin, it went exactly the way it should've gone. Which was Stark staying with Morgan and Pepper granting me a leave of absence to work on the project. Of course, that wasn't enough, and they ended up recruiting Dr. Banner to help. Dr. Banner ended up turning Scott into a baby because he didn't want to listen to me when I said that we needed some sort of time GPS. So, what if he has seven PhDs. Fuck that. That means nothing where I came from.
Anthony: I wish I made different choices so you would be here with me, but I don’t wish Pepper was back. I’m going to blame that on the therapy and the good drugs.
The new consultant: You know you don’t have to be jealous of Thompson. He isn’t going to take your place as Benji’s friend. You’re still BFF [redacted] in his address book.
Me: She’s laughing and says to meet her in the lab in 30 minutes. There’s a project she wants your input on. She might call Wanda in as well.
Me: Better than the alternative.
BITC: I will not say anything to anyone about Flash being not heterosexual. Besides, it’s not like I have a lot of people to tell. The only person I’m going to be talking to tomorrow is O’Reilly.
DOS stands for Department of State
May: We should.
"Have you told the members of your group?" Tony asked.
"History books are often wrong. They exchanged a lot of letters, which totally explains why Steve can do this long distance relationship thing. You encouraged him, didn't you?"
“Only temporarily or so I was told. Fortunately, I was already working on re-creating the treatment I created last time. Thankfully, the three of us were able to finish it in time,” Leo explained as he looked over her chart.
Maybe some time apart will allow your husband to get his head out of his ass and learn to appreciate what he really has. Also, we really do need medical assistance. I keep accidentally making contact with things with  sunflower oil and well, the boyfriend got shot in Mumbai. Not good. He’s healed but I am still not happy. So we really do need you.
Counselor Laura: After Daniel survived the attempt in 1955, Hydra didn’t try again for a while with Daniel. Mostly because the agent stopped saying things to his supervisor and faked memory loss because of the information GR gave to him.
Me: I knew I should've put a copy of Friday in your school's computer lab.
Me: I only get this deal if you take the job?
Me: I think I preferred getting grilled by Congress.
Hunter: I’ve worked with you for four years.
To be continued
Kitty brother: Per multiple sources, you have been in there since 1:08 PM PM EDT. You are not allowed more than 16 hours of continuous lab time.
The Mechanic: Well, that's what happens when you turn my AI into a teenager who is surprisingly well-adjusted and not traumatized by walking in on Steve and me.
Steve: Also, while reading the files, I found out I have a half-sister in Nevada, or I did before the decimation. My father went out West and had a whole other family but never became a better man. He beat the hell out of them too. He ended up in jail. Even in the 50s, they didn't like wife beaters or people who hurt their children. So he was killed. Your dad and Peggy kept the truth out of the history books.
Nomad: You’re already out.
"Yes, so much. I know we would do anything for our children."
“I’m not letting him go. And if you haven’t figured it out yet, I am more stubborn than a mule,” Steve said pointedly.
This conversation takes place a few hours after the last one. During that time Steve has made his first public appearance as Tony Stark’s boyfriend, Stefan Carter. The Internet is buzzing.
, should be the track for her to record given that it was so personal to both her and Harry, so one afternoon in late August the two had set themselves up with the bands producers to record a duet of the song, filming the recording process to use for the music video in addition to the footage Aurora already had of playing the song on her grand piano back in New York. Singing with Harry was always one of her favourite things and being able to sing their song together filled her heart with so much love for the curly haired man standing on the other side of the microphone, his headphones pushing his long curls back from his face.
“Took the words right out of my mouth, love,” Harry replied.
“Don’t be. I’m flattered,” she replied, echoing his previous statement and they slipped back into the easy conversation that had occupied the last hour or so.
“Thank you for having me, David,” Aurora replied.
The Stark-Rogers remained in London for another week and while Aurora made sure to spend plenty of time with Ella and her mum, she also spent as much time as possible with Harry. She hung out with Louis quite a lot as well, finding that other than Harry, he was the band member that she got along with the easiest and they were fast becoming great friends. The day before she was scheduled to fly home to New York, she was lying on the sofa in Harry’s house, a movie playing on the flat screen that neither were paying attention to. Her head was cushioned on his lap, a blanket pulled up to her chest despite the crackling fire nearby.
The last London show was on a Sunday night. Aurora met up with Ella and her mum Rebecca in the afternoon for lunch before taking them with her to Wembley Stadium. She showed her pass to the security guards at the side entrance and Ella was bouncing on her toes in excitement by the time they reached the green room about an hour and a half before the start of the show.
“I swear to god if you say Liam right now, I’m gonna need that ring back.”
“I know baby,” Harry murmured, his hands rubbing circles in her back. “You’re always going to miss her. There’s nothing wrong with that.”
Aurora took a deep breath to steady her racing heart. She was sitting up in a hospital bed, a paper thing gown covering her as a nurse stood next to her unstrapping the heaving bracing on her left hand. Tony held her other hand as they both watched the nurse remove the bracing, revealing the spiderwebs of scarring across the back of her hand, wrist and forearm. Rori gasped as her eyes traced the angry red scars, and her eyes teared up a little. Tony squeezed her other hand tighter and the nurse grabbed a pillow for her to rest the injured hand on and then left the room.
“I know I’m a mess,” she said. “Thanks again for meeting me here, I was just in the zone and didn’t want to pack everything up to trek across town.”
A few more hours passed before a surgeon came out to explain Aurora’s condition to them. She’d sustained serious damage to her left arm below the elbow, with much of the limb needing to be reconstructed with future surgeries. She had also been shot in the upper arm and shoulder, both wounds being less severe through-and-throughs, however her collar bone had been broken, as had her shoulder blade. While most of her injuries were confined to her left arm, one bullet had pierced her lower abdomen, causing a wound that had been the main focus of her time in the operating theatre. The surgeon explained that given the circumstances that she had been incredibly lucky that none of bullets had impacted any of her vital organs and that she was now being transferred into a recovery ward.
“I think we’ve got some free time around the Ohio shows, Mark,” Harry butted in. “I’ll send you the tour schedule to see if you can fit something in.”
Aurora was still sitting there with Nick when Harry found her half an hour later.
Anne swept her into a hug immediately. “That was incredible sweetheart.”
Aurora was sobbing, gasping for breath when Steve rushed into her room, Tony a few steps behind him, JARVIS having alerted them once again to her emotional state moments earlier.
The next day was Christmas Eve and Gemma arrived that evening, just in time to join the family on the sofas in front of the tv, the fireplace crackling as they watched the Grinch who stole Christmas. Aurora had been quiet for most of the day, as she usually was on the anniversary of her mother’s death, but she’d found comfort in Harry’s constant presence by her side and had tried not to let her grief consume her as it had in previous years. By the time they found themselves snuggled up under a blank on the sofa, Aurora felt more at peace with her mother’s absence in her life than she thought possible.
“No,” Rori argued, lifting herself away from his chest to frown at him. “No, you can’t do that. It’s only 3 more months until the start of the hiatus. I can hold myself together for 3 months. You need to finish this right for the fans, and for the boys, and for yourself. You all deserve to wrap this up the right way.”
“He is, I just don’t want him to get his hopes up too much. Barnes has been through so much that I’m not sure he’ll ever be his old self again.”
“What made you angry?”
Steve laughed as she rushed through her promise. “Are you sure you’re her biological father Tony?” he joked.
A few songs later, Aurora made her way off the dancefloor, exhausted but ecstatic and wound her way through the crowd towards Harry and Louis.
Aurora smiled in response. “Awesome.”
“Thanks Mark,” Rori replied. “What about you? When are you gonna find someone?”
“Simon, this is my girlfriend Aurora,” Harry said, attempting to avoid Louis saying something he shouldn’t.
“See you in the morning kids,” Steve replied, hugging his daughter gently before leaving the room.
“I hope you’re right,” she mumbled.
“So, Toronto, Chicago, Milwaukee and then you’re back with me,” Rori mumbled in the darkness.
“So, it sounds like you had a quite a happy childhood despite not having much to your name,” Letterman said, steering the conversation slowly around to the topic Rori knew she needed to address.
“Have you been online today?” he asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m just gonna go grab something from my bag,” he announced heading off down the hallway to where his bag had been left in Aurora’s room. Tony helped Rori get herself comfortable on the sofa with her legs propped up on the edge of the coffee table and a small cushion placed between her arm and stomach to take the pressure off of her sutures. Steve pulled a soft blanket off the back of the sofa and draped it over her lap and when Harry returned to the living room, both Steve and Tony excused themselves, leaving the young couple alone.
Rori pulled her phone out of her pocket, quickly looking at the screen as notifications piled up. She switched it to silent and placed it face down on the table, turning her attention back to her mother. Louise chuckled as her daughters’ eyes continued to glance towards her phone every couple of minutes. “Just check it,” she ordered with a laugh, “I know you’re dying to see.” Aurora barely paused before snatching her phone back into her hand and a look of pride and excitement lit up her face as she read the comments on her latest video and the reactions on twitter. “What’s the verdict?”
She pulled out her phone, taking a quick photo to save the contact details and then carried on her way to class. It wasn’t until she got home later that afternoon that she remembered it and pulled her phone out to look at the photo again, debating whether or not to text the number provided. She was sitting on the couch in Tony’s workshop with her homework perched, forgotten on her lap.
That evening the penthouse was full to the brim with all of the Avengers as well as Happy and Pepper crowded around the long tables that had been dragged into the room. The volume was loud, as it always was when everyone was together for a meal and the drinks were flowing, but especially tonight as the team had much to celebrate. Against all the odds, Aurora was alive and well and back home where she belonged, and as if that wasn’t enough Harry had finally proposed. There was much to celebrate, and Steve had happily spent much of the afternoon cooking up a great feast for everyone.
“What?” Aurora asked, surprised by the news, having had no idea that it was even an idea before now. “But things have been going so well. Why?”
“Missed you too Lou,” Rori replied.
Don’t forget to leave a comment :)
“Goodbye,” Rori choked, tears pooling in her eyes. “He said goodbye and that he loved me and that he was grateful that we’d found each other and then he was through the portal and the connection dropped out. I watched on the TV as the portal closed and even though the line was dead, I kept my phone pressed to my ear.”
Tony and Steve were glad to have Rori home, if only for two days, having missed her while she travelled with the band for the last 2 months and she’d missed them too, of course, happy to be home briefly before continuing on with the tour for another month. That evening they all crowded into the living room in the penthouse with Sam, Bucky and Thor joining the Stark-Rogers family and the band. They watched a movie, Aurora curled up against Tony, his arm wrapped around her shoulder. She fell asleep at some point, waking up when Louis started throwing popcorn at her, causing Niall to laugh hysterically. They didn’t stay up too late, aware of how early they would need to be up the following morning.
Harry returned shortly after, his arms loaded up with pizza boxes, chicken wings and rolls of garlic bread. “Grubs up!” he announced cheerfully as he dumped everything onto the table beside the fire and then collapsed into the seat next to Rori. “They’re not given you a hard time, are they?” he asked his girlfriend.
“Thought I’d come make sure everyone was playing nicely together,” Harry interrupted with a cheeky grin. He crossed the kitchen quickly, stopping behind Aurora and wrapping his arms around her shoulders.
I imagine Aurora's performance of Can't Help Falling in Love to be Hayley Reinhart's https://youtu.be/VqLU4wPzDVg
“I don’t care, I need to be there. He needs me,” Rori argued. “I’m already so much better than when he left last month. He needs to see I’m ok. It’s the only way he’ll stop beating himself up for not being here.”
“Sorry to interrupt,” JARVIS said, “But Mr Styles will need to leave now if he does not wish to miss his flight.”
“Thank you so much for the last 5 years boys,” she said in the video. “You have reached so many people and your music has been the soundtrack of so many people’s lives . I love you all so much. Please don’t take too long to find your way back to each other. The world’s a better place with you by each other’s sides.”
“Alright well let’s hear it,” Joe said.
“Oh god,” Rori moaned, covering her face with her hands, her cheeks blazing with shame. “This is so embarrassing.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Rori agreed. “We’ll have to say something before I join you on tour soon.”
Now you know me, for your eyes only
Check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
“You’re welcome,” the older man said. “Good to see you El. What can I get you girls?”
“No,” Harry promised, “but we’ve decided to take a break. We’re going to go on a hiatus for a year or two.”
“What are you gonna say?” he asked.
“I felt scared, and angry.”
“All good, hon,” he said. “A meeting is a meeting, regardless of where it is.”
“I don’t know, it’s a long story I guess,” Rori said with a shrug.
Harry was sitting with Niall on a sofa in the green room of the O2 Arena in London while Louis and Liam were playing table tennis across the room. That night’s show was set to start in a little over 2 hours and there were plenty of people coming and going from the room as the boys relaxed before they had to go out on stage. Harry was laughing at Liam’s failed dive to save a shot when a member of their management team, Dan, rushed into the room.
Venom: That would’ve required me to figure out I am gay, and that took a while.
Me: I think you’re really good at convincing people to do what you want so I think you’ll be OK. Well, if they’re actually willing to listen to you.
“I believe Peter would still date you even if Ned was against it, but I think he would appreciate not having to choose between his boyfriend and his best friend.”
Agent L. Barton: Who should I bring with me?
Me: I've been held a couple of times under the California version of the hold so that's what I use. Not recently, which is kind of surprising. Actually, I'm surprised nobody ordered it after Afghanistan or during the Palladian poisoning incident. It probably would've been a good idea. Okay, you guys probably should’ve thought about it after the murder bot fiasco.
“Multiple twin studies have concluded that schizophrenia is 50% environment and 50% genetics. My second life in the framework was most likely my trigger.” Along with what Aida did to him, but neither one of them wanted to talk about that. Again, Jemma wanted to burn AIDA to the ground.
Counselor Laura: Also, apparently, he's in charge of looking through my cell phone, so can you please delete this conversation.
Chief Mechanic: According to Ana, you are still working through the files that came over with the grandkid. I would ask how that’s going, but probably badly.
“No, I haven’t been with anyone else besides May, even though our relationship is technically open. May is right. As long as I’m married to Melinda, I will never feel comfortable moving on to someone else. That picture was for you.” Thank God Friday was doing most of the driving; otherwise, he would hit the car in front of him.
Anthony: I know we need to talk more about our Bucky issues, but I feel like you have to work out a lot of that stuff yourself. I’m beginning to realize that you didn’t save Bucky for his sake, but maybe for your own. I think you should see a therapist.
Tony: Totally. This morning alone was worth it. I’m ridiculously sore, but in a good way.
From: Riley_Parker
Nomad: Oh God! Really? Please tell me you took those down this morning before Pepper came to lunch. Also, what about the kids? They keep barging in on your floor and our dates.
HSBF: Because if it’s publicized too much someone may realize the real role Benjamin had a keeping your tech out of the wrong hands?
“You’ve been around Piper for about a week at this point. You should know that there was no way to stop her from walking into our bedroom this morning. Although, she should’ve known that I would’ve been balls… “
“We will get him back,” Leo said as Simmons left the room, most likely on the verge of crying. Surprisingly, Leo didn’t follow behind.
I would just like to say that Tony does not actually know that Thor will know where Bruce is in about a year’s time. Basically, he’s just subbing Thor for God. It just turns out he’s accidentally right.
“Disney is now planning to do a whole cinematic Avengers universe with movies based on our real-life adventures. We are each getting separate bio pics and then a New York movie, except for Natasha and Clint for some reason.”
Me: It still ended because we couldn’t trust each other. I thought it got better, but apparently it didn’t.
Anthony: They are heart shaped. You're kind of a romantic. A very kinky romantic, but still a romantic.
As I promised, this conversation will bring us to what we saw at the end of conversation 22 in the bad timeline. How did we get there?
Nomad: I'm sure that you've probably tossed this in the river, but I thought I would write anyway. If you were just going to run away from your family, why did you even leave?
Football Hunter: Apparently they’ve all been eventful.
CoulsonPJ: I realize that now, but not at the time. Maybe I was too caught up with Audrey to see everything.
The new consultant: Heat of the moment. I’ve known since the inauguration. It was just too coincidental that Spider-Man showed up in DC again at the same time Benji was there.
Please feel free to contact me or my assistant, Elaina Rodriguez, with whatever time works for you to see Peter’s work. I’m sure you already have her number.
Lily bear 2018: Yes, mom.
Me: She said in the event of aliens or some other big catastrophe, that she would take up the shield. It’s all part of her, “if I need a weapon, I’ll take one” philosophy. Also making new tactical gear makes me happy.
Steve: That was a few days ago. We’ve moved past that.
"Or maybe in a couple of weeks. Question 13 is about crystal balls and seeing the future."
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You’re all fabulous. Time for more Tony and Steve.
To be continued.
Counselor Laura: Which will give you guys a head start on putting the gauntlet back together again.
Me: Yep. Ross’s now former assistant has been so helpful. The lawyers are working on it. Also Pepper agreed to add herself to the emergency foster parent list in case all of us get arrested. The children kind of fell in love with her when she was staying at the tower during my hospitalization.
Melinda: I will consider the offer. I’m looking for a divorce attorney. I think Steve’s head will stay in his ass until we are actually divorced.
CoulsonPJ: That will be taught by Agent May because I just don‘t trust your driving at all.
To be continued
HSBF: I can see why diplomats would be more excited about that.
Counselor Laura: You’ll get to talk to her when the window opens tomorrow.
"I thought we already established that Natasha would be the one to kill you if you did stupid things to Steve." Sam remarked as he sat down on the couch. Tony joined him.
HSBF: So this vigilante is still going after bad people?
“I completely agree,” MJ said from beside him, almost sounding like she was near tears. “It was bad enough reading about my cousin being dusted in Wakanda.” He felt her shiver. It was apparent she wasn’t okay. None of them were.
Counselor Laura: We’re still in blackout mode due to the fact that I’m getting picked up a lot for questioning. If he doesn’t contact me, then I don’t have to lie. I only expect a message in an emergency right now.
Nomad: You have a point.
TMNS: Does he know that you know that I am Spidey?
“Especially because Madeleine Rice is not an under qualified asshole. Like seriously, why did President Ellis not make her Secretary last time? Siberia would’ve never have happened. I’m like 90% sure Ross's appointment was a Malick suggestion, but I can’t prove it. He was appointed only 11 months before Malick was exposed as Hydra. Okay, yes, that was right during the murder bot fiasco but still.”
Venom: ?
I’m sorry for how things turned out between us. If circumstances were different, I think we could’ve been friends. Maybe it would be possible someday. You’re not your aunt. You are your own person and I see that. I’m sorry that I didn’t at first.
Xxxxx
Venom: I’m not lying.
“We’re still friends.”
Nomad: Read your card, Anthony
Me: I will joke about anything but not all the time. Also you’re aware that humor is my number one defense mechanism after being a total asshole.
“No. That’s going to be Kamala’s choice. Maybe you and her biological family will be splitting custody for a while, but you have to give her a choice. She 16. She gets to choose who she lives with.”
Me: You’re right, we’re probably going to have to have them come out at the office Christmas party but I’ll make sure the contract is ironclad by that point. Really, I’m just ready for the next chapter and I want to help bring you home to me.
Friday: 10 ½ hours, due to the end of daylight savings time on November 6. It is currently 2:42 AM in the District of Columbia.
Tony: I don’t know. Someone probably thinks surviving Afghanistan or maybe surviving the palladium poisoning. Don’t get me wrong I’m glad I am not dead yet, but I think you getting pulled out of the ocean is what I’m most grateful for.
If there are any other important names that I forgot to include, please include them in the comments and I can always do a follow-up list later.
HSBF: I’m immune to your distractions.
The Mechanic: Probably.
“It was the same thing with Bucky.” Steve tells him “I was trying to help the person who I thought needed the most help. I didn’t realize how much else was riding on your choices, not until we really started talking to each other."
TMNS: Philip sometimes does things when he feels that you need them.
“Of course, I did.” Flash just puts his head in his hands.
FRIDAY: I don't know.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You’re all absolutely wonderful and keep me writing. And now the conclusion to our unexpected cliffhanger that I didn’t even realize that some would take as a cliffhanger.
From: Tony_Carbonell
Tony Potts: Flash and Peter??? What the actual fuck!
Kitty brother: I will convey that to the team as well as have guest rooms prepared. Please sleep.
Me: Half of Shield’s new strike team for enhanced person containment is currently in medical.
Agent Johnson: We found Loki. Agent James is down, and there's somebody there named Deke that claims to know me, but I have no idea who he is.
Me: Also, apparently, I’m only allowed to do coffee with Cuddle Bunny. Not that I’m going to get any Cuddle Bunny coffee anytime soon because if there’s one thing Congress is good at, it’s cock blocking.
“As I stated earlier, Friday is working on a mission with Leopold J. Fitz. That takes precedence. It was decided that it was best to load one of your backup AIs to perform all necessary functions until she is able to take over.”
“Maybe. We tend to be more honest with our significant others.”
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed this micro story. Your response to this story was overwhelming. I’m glad you enjoyed it so much. My goal is to update every few days on this story, most likely every Tuesday when I can pull it off.
The mechanic: And yes, I’m fully aware that he killed her when he was mine fucked by Hydra, and it was like the 10
“Tony, be respectful,” Steve mumbled rolling his eyes. A few moments later, his phone vibrated again.
Tony: I do not have that many people in my life and the Avengers were there before then.
Tony Potts: So we've been thinking of doing this with a suit, so we would need particles for each person, but what if we could bring a ship. Then maybe we could bring all the kids here while we're dealing with the purple ass hole. Friday did send over Deke's jump drive work, and I think the team in 2018 can work with that.
Counselor Laura: We also need a grief counselor. Also, Tony said something about me needing to do an intervention in Norway. Why do I need to do an intervention in Norway?
“I made sure that the ATCU servers could not be hacked by the Watchdogs and therefore President Ellis never withdrew from the election.” Ellis still beat the alternative.
Xxxxx
“Which apparently you do,” Pepper said as she poured herself a cup of coffee. She definitely needed it.
Director Snookums: Not Nadeer. Actually, if you could give money to her opponent in two years, I would be really happy. We haven't even gone public yet and she's already making my job so much harder.
Blue phone: Are you ever planning to play nice with the State Department?
Purple arrow: There are records?
Cuddle Bunny: I just want to see how you were doing.
Hunter: If you're trying to soften the blow, you maybe could've kept me from reading about my ex-wife disappearing in other me's arms. I didn’t want to read that account from my other-self. That you could’ve blocked.
"That part is easy. I’m terrified about people knowing about our relationship, but at the same time relieved, even if they don’t really know it’s me. Being out in the open changes things. It’s just so much easier if it’s between us and the world is on the outside. I’m not sure if we’re ready for all the world to be watching yet."
I’m sorry for what I said a few moments ago. I didn’t intend to send that email, but Peter is the technically inclined one in our family. I doubt that anything like that happened even though I’d did catch Peter with his shirt off with his BFF. I mean he is head over feet obsessing about Liz so he can’t be fooling around with Ned, I think. Then again, you’re supposed to be an international playboy and you have a gay sex tape.
Agent M: We are under a different protocol for dealing with her then Liberty, because she is actually under the Accords and didn’t liberate several enhanced people from a secure facility.
Me: No, 13 is overseeing the investigation because Agent America has security duty and Slingshot is guarding Pepper. Nobody is questioning why Anthony’s assistant is with her.
BITC: So, I need to ask my best friend if he’s actually heterosexual? That is what I’m getting from you deciding to talk about an alien invasion instead of addressing that. Although I always knew Ruby’s mom was screwed up. I just got that vibe from her. Plus, Ruby was the only one who really got how controlling my mom is.
This chapter was technically written in the "good timeline" but by a "bad timeline" refugee. A double bad timeline refugee at that. Poor Deke.
Person that cares about my boss: And this time we’re building up upon bedrock.
Purple Arrow: I’m not ready to tell you yet.
I agree he may not be ready for the internship, especially with everything you work on and that’s not even considering the superhero aspect of your job. He’s been dead on his feet a lot and he quit band and he loved band. If it wasn’t for counselor Laura, he would have missed DC. Maybe in a year or two, he can do the full internship. When you get back from your trip, we can talk. Maybe we can even reschedule that canceled dinner.
“In some ways we are but I still think there’s progress that needs to be made. I could tell you were terrified to tell me about Bucky because you’re afraid I’m going to leave you.”
“We have to fix ourselves. The stones are not going to do that. We have to do that.” Steve acknowledged.
“I know that now. But I think if I died on that ship, my regret would be not working things out. And I got a second chance. Then I wasted five years not working on this with you.” Tony sounded regretful.
Tony Potts: That’s right. Me and other Tony would have shared that trauma since it happened before the dividing point.
“Yes, I do but you are not reading that book,” Leo said forcefully.
Kitty brother: That is not a break. At least take a nap. You don’t have to do this alone. Let Chief Monkey Lover take over whatever you’re working on until you rest.
HSBF: Which I appreciate greatly.
“And that’s on top of everything from yesterday. You’re right, Pepper shouldn’t have to deal with all on her own when it’s not her fault."
HSBF: I know. But we’ll see each other eventually.
Tony: Which probably means that you’ve been in Eastern Europe recently. I’ve heard rumors of possible Inhuman internment camps. That’s a mess I would like to avoid. So I have more lobbying in my future.
Tony Potts: So, did other Steve ever figure out he can take edibles?
Captain Tight Pants: You managed to distract me so much that I never thanked you for keeping Sharon from getting fired or arrested.
“It’s a date.” Tony couldn’t help but smile at that.
BITC is short for boy in the chair and is Ned’s codename. Because nobody wants to keep typing that, an acronym is now being used.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely wonderful. Tony and Steve are now together in Mumbai. Let the making out and serious conversations began.
Cuddle Bunny: There’s a lot about you on the Internet.
“You too,” Steve said just says the screen went black but only for a few seconds. The signal was back with Pepper in front of the screen.
Francis: Which seems like something Laura would be good at.
Stephen C: I know that. And I’m not that worried about it. I think Siberia was our Bahrain and we’re working through it. Also, there is no best friend I’m secretly in love with in a romantic way.
Tony: Feeding breakfast to small children and preteens at the upstate facility. Nikki just managed to get blueberry compote on the ceiling.
"I have already applied the appropriate parental blocks to their computers." He heard Fridays say.
It turns out Tony did make T’Challa’s call sign Kitty brother. Kitty brother is obviously concerned. But what else is Kitty Brother up to?
BITC: As well as the fact that the watchdogs keep going after Flash.
HSBF: Understandable.
Anthony: Yes. More meetings. Remember I told you that Dr. Suarez cleared me to start putting the new Avenger team back together again. I’m supposed to meet the new recruits soon.
Red Malibu: I’ll have the jet ready for you. Or maybe the Zapper one will come pick you up. We have to get one of those
“You do punch people a lot.”
Since we’ve already spent some quality time with the Natasha and Clint of the “bad timeline,” I thought we could check in on their “better timeline” counterparts. Although considering both their partners are MIA, they might not see this as the “better” timeline.
“We are stubborn assholes.”
TMNS: Afia might be able to tell you more.
“Tuesday actually, which was later than I thought. Jane and Pepper agreed that I will need to be back in the country to participate in operation Damage Control. They’re still trying to decide if this involves a stint on the talk show circuit showing off pictures of my boyfriend. I’m going to probably have a few interviews with local press here as well tomorrow.” Steve is not sure how he felt about that. Mostly he was worried about what they would put Tony through.
Nomad: I remember. You were wearing 3 inch heels.
Me: OK Honeybear, do you think there’s anything that shouldn’t be joked about?
“I can completely understand wanting to avoid problematic family members," Flash mumbled under his breath as Deke went to grab some leftover pizza from the kitchen. There was plenty left because no one really felt like eating as they started to study what happened in the other timeline.
The Big Boss: You didn’t. You delegated and Jane felt that it was a clever idea.
Tony Potts: Happy is a much better choice. Although here, he was trying to start something with Peter’s Aunt May before they were both dusted.
James already knew about Steve’s boyfriend and it wasn’t from reading the fragments of Steve’s attempts at writing to him or Starks apology gift basket that Shuri gave to him yesterday. Since their arrival, a couple of weeks ago, James’s been spending a lot of time with Mrs. Hinton and her daughter. Robin finds the goats peaceful and they were living in a house only half a meter away. James just happened to recognize that Steve was kissing Dr. Stark in one of those images when he was having tea with Robin’s mother. And because Robin likes “Mr. James”, she told him everything.
To be continued
The Mechanic: So why are you okay with being Deputy Secretary instead of Secretary?
BITC: Are you being nice to me because you’re interested in MJ? Because it’s not going to work.
Person my boss is in love with: I can live with that.
Me: Does it have to be in hardcopy?
FRIDAY: I felt that you needed to vent and if I alerted you to Mr. Stark’s safety immediately, you would not have written what was necessary. I am concerned that you have convinced yourself that you are responsible for Mr. Stark Senior’s death.
Subject: Re: Yes, I got your text messages and sorry I was distracted by Stefan’s ads and ass.
Love: Like designing something else that will kill us all?
HSBF: I do too.
"What happened?" Tony heard Steve ask as he placed his phone down.
Tony: Because you naked and on my bed is very occupying. Since we came home from the wedding Saturday until this morning, we only really took sleep, food, and hydration breaks. I am glad you’re into edging, otherwise I would probably be napping right now.
So like comic book and Spider-Verse movie canon, Miles, a.k.a. Spidey Junior was bitten by a genetically altered spider and got superpowers. But in this story, that spider bite acted as an outside catalyst that caused his inhuman gene to activate differently than normal, which is why Miles has a few different powers then Peter, because he got his powers from two separate sources. You’ll find out about those later. I’m using comic book Daisy’s power origin story for inspiration.
Nomad: Again, you were nine years old. I would have never pieced things about my father together, if it wasn’t for the Fury eyes only report I received.
Nomad: That's practical. How do you determine what goes to the FBI?
Agent 13: It's something to look at. She had access. But unless she knew about you sleeping with her husband, not necessarily motive.
CoulsonPJ: Of the original lineup anyway. I think Yo-Yo only has eyes for her turtle man. I caught them flirting via the new communication system that Fitz created based on what Stark did for the Avenger burn phones. I’m kind of glad the rest of Shield, as well is the director, will not have access to these conversations.
Nomad: I’m just glad that you’re aware that you are reckless.
Anthony love is Tony Stark-Rogers’ current designation in his fiancé’s phone. His current Avenger network callsign is Director Stark. TMNS is Peter. Also, in this timeline, it’s Deputy Secretary of State James Rhodes.
“She is under my protection. Sometimes she likes to stay in the lab with me when I’m working. I’m sure you understand, considering Ms. Marvel and Spidey Junior live at the compound with you.” Things started to click in Tony’s mind at the Princess’s words.
The boss: Why do you automatically assume I'm asking for a favor?
Nomad: Yes, and I think I was smaller. I’m mostly going by memory. I don’t actually have any pictures of my mom. None of my photographs managed to get back to me. There also was nothing in the Smithsonian on or even in the history books.
Cuddle Bunny: Do you?
Nomad: He visited Anthony last night. His DNA scan proves that it really is him.
"I didn't think that they actually dated, it was just the one kiss, at least according to the history books." Sam told him.
“Since you’re from the future you probably know the answer,” May replied flippantly.
Iron Dad: Finally, it is Acting Deputy Dir. Agent Agent right now.
Cuddle Bunny: Do you really think it’s wise to date a teammate? Also, how did they figure out that you speak Spanish?
According to Dr. Leopold, he is from early 2018, sort of. This is where it gets convoluted. In late spring 2017, six of his coworkers were kidnapped by a “sentient Chronicom” and sent through a portal to 2091, where the last remnants of humanity live in a settlement called the Lighthouse ran by blue aliens referred to as the Kree. Apparently in this timeline Earth was destroyed in mid to late 2018 by an earthquake that cause the world to break apart. The exact date and catalyst for the destruction of Earth is unknown. Yes, it seems far-fetched, but if an ancestral plane exists, then other dimensions must as well. Therefore, it must also be possible to travel between different points in time.
Nomad: You really believed that Howard hated you? Why, because you couldn’t live up to some arbitrary unreal standard? Because nobody could be everything Captain America stands for, not even me. He wasn’t real. At best, he was an exaggeration of the truth.
Me: Better in the sense that divorce is off the table. I’m trying to decide if I want to introduce you to the concept of angry sex or hope that we never get to that point.
Blue phone: I thought that’s what happened.
The Mechanic: I don’t know. I don’t think it’s fear, but rather love. I think maybe he wanted to protect you. You’ve seen the news coverage of the watch dogs. They are a terrorist group purposely targeting people like your nephew and their family. It’s a small miracle they didn’t kill that family in Jersey City.
HSBF: Therefore, I definitely should let you go because you need to be well rested for tomorrow. Good luck with tomorrow’s interviews.
Me: You’re letting someone else drive? I’m surprised. You hate it when I drive.
HSBF: Why would he be the one reading them? Also, I’m glad he knows that they’re fake.
Director Stark: Why did Flash pass out? Was alcohol involved? I heard about the break-up. I knew we should have tried a more intensive rehab program with him, but he didn’t want to miss school.
“I’m not worried about Ross, at least not that much. I’m okay with people knowing that I’m bisexual or Stefan being bisexual. It’s well overdue." He wonders now why he never did an interview. Maybe because he wanted this to be private. So much of the world thought they knew who he was. (Yes, he did spend the morning when Tony was in meetings trying to find that really bad 90s movie that they did on him).
Me: Sorry for worrying you. I was sleeping and I forgot to tell Friday that it’s okay to let you know that I’m sleeping. We are having some ongoing discussions about what is appropriate for her to tell other people. It’s a work in progress.
Anthony love: You deserved it for breaking her daddy’s nose. I hope you sent him an apology basket for that.
Love: And who better than a former high school guidance counselor who just happens to be married to an Avenger?
“Let’s just move on to the next question because it has to be safer.
Chief mechanic: Which, judging by notes from the other timeline, was exactly what they were doing, but they were not entirely lying about the purple one, just manipulating the situation for their own purposes. However, the big boss won’t even let us set up a meeting with the SWORD people.
Nomad: Her husband died also recently?
Chief Monkey Lover: Please do not refer to him as my grandchild.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You’re all wonderful and definitely responded to Pepper’s comments in the last chapter. There will be more Pepper to come in upcoming chapters.
Venom: I like Philip. I just didn’t realize he was on Daisy duty.
Nomad: You do remember that you’re allergic to sunflower seeds?
“Great, they are early or late. Depending on your perspective. I was hoping this was something I kept from happening,” Leo lamented.
We will be doing Shield Agent/Avengers mission reports in the story. This will function similarly to the interludes during the first story. Remember, Daisy and Laura are off by themselves, Laura in a different dimension/timeline several years in the future, and Daisy on Sakai, which might as well be considered a different dimension. I promise we’ll be checking on Daisy soon.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter.
Me: Why are you babysitting?
(See the end of the chapter for
It felt like during this episode that the writers forgot that the Playground is located somewhere in the DC Metro and not in Los Angeles. It makes a lot of things in this episode and the next a bit awkward. So I’m creating a place on the West Coast where a lot of things can happen to take that away. But hey, you’re going find out why Friday was MIA in the last chapter.
Red phone: I met him a couple of times growing up. Cool guy, but definitely the type to expose you to every dirty word in the dictionary.
Me: Look, I’ve tried to talk to Pepper. Half the time I choke and run away before the first word falls out of my mouth. I think it only worked at the hospital because drugs were involved.
Tony: Although if Spidey is screwing around with his BFF, tThen they could be having you almost got killed by a super villain sex which happens sometimes. Also something I don’t want to interrupt.
“Which is why your agents are not arresting me?” Steve asked.
Acronym key: OES is the Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs. Yes, this is an actual office at the Department of State. In the MCU, I’m sure they’re dealing with that bit of ocean pollution that led to a recent explosion of people getting superpowers.
Avenger Friday: They renewed their acquaintance after Agent Coulson died in May 2018 post decimation. They married six months later so that Agent Melinda May-Rogers could get custody of a young inhuman girl named Kamala Khan, in addition to being able to keep Robin. Kamala was the cousin of a Shield agent who also disappeared during the decimation along with the rest of his family.
“He volunteered,” Simmons argued. “And since Stark won’t help us, maybe Fitz will when Deke brings him back.” Okay, who is Deke? Laura thought to herself. “If anybody can reverse engineer the Pym particles, it’s him.
Tony: Well, he is the only one who actually knows exactly where the Tesseract was in 2018, so yes. His home planet was a big place. The Valkyries’ report had some missing details.
Me: I am happy being here. Snookums is here too which was nice, and he only yelled at me a little. The gift baskets helped immensely. The new director is always easier to deal with after he’s had a good box of truffles.
Tony: Which you need desperately. You need friends and people that keep you grounded to the present. It helps that he’s trained to deal with PTSD.
"I was going to email Laura, to check up on Spidey. That technically counts because she’s now Shield, but she did it for love." So, her husband could come back to her and her kids.
Tosha, send help. Robbie can find me, right? Get me out of here.
“I understand.”
Anthony: You’re never going to forget that?
"I heard that you're in therapy." Sam said changing the subject. Maybe, Tony just accidentally set up that subject change for him.
Me: Again, I do not find that reassuring. A lot of other bad things could’ve happened.
MayMQ: You know the thing with Stefan was a comfort thing. I thought you were dead. I went to your funeral. I’ve buried you. But I are really didn’t mourn. I really didn’t deal with anything very well. I was angry you, Fury, and especially myself because if I was still doing fieldwork than I would’ve been with you on the helicarrier. If I was there with you, then maybe you wouldn’t have died during the battle of New York.
“It’s all a mess. So Daddy Spider is either undercover with the Watchdogs or actually a member of the Watchdogs and well, if your six-year-old has superpowers it might be best for him not to be anywhere near Spidey Jr. either way.
Me: It can’t be that bad.
Me: That bad?
Anthony: I know you’re scared, but I am as OK as I can be after an assassination attempt. And it wasn't even a good assassination attempt. It was death by appetizer.
Friday: Of course, Laura.
Nomad: How was making me Sharon’s stepdad for my safety?
“Yes. May wants us to divorce after we bring everybody back. She actually said that to me in a text message this morning.” Okay, Tony wasn’t expecting Steve to say that.
Cuddle Bunny: No, you shouldn’t apologize. It’s my fault. It may be noon, but I should’ve remembered the possibility of you doing a post mission crash.
Tony Potts: Okay, that I understand, at least. Your world scares me.
“I do love him and I want to spend the rest of my life with him,” Steve tells her.
TMNS: So abandoning her to lead the police straight to her father and his illegal activities doesn’t win me any points with her. Actually it got me a knee to the dick. Since she was leaving, the principal just looked the other way. That’s also all over Flash’s Tumbler account. Peter Parker gets his penis punched. The caption reads, Peter Parker gets his penis punched.
Me: Thank God. Maybe things are different enough in this timeline/dimension or whatever already, so that baby brother wouldn’t be tempted to lie through his teeth to his girlfriend without your interference. Therefore, I didn’t have to be stuck for the last five days with the kid while you try to fix things.
To: Tony_Carbonell-Rogers
I hate to break it to you, but I was born with a target on my back. I was born a wealthy child of above average intellect whose father was in the spy game before Patches was a zygote. That just screams kidnap or kill me. They’re always going to be people who want to kill me. There’s probably a really long list. This time didn’t even involve my superhero extracurriculars. No, they wanted me dead for the money. Afghanistan wasn’t my first kidnapping and it probably won’t be my last. I’m not just going to sit around and possibly wait for it to happen.
D FitzSimmons: That's good to know. That's earlier than they had my mom, so I guess this will make this baby my aunt or uncle, sort of. Although they'd probably got married sooner in this timeline.
Counselor Laura: It’s tough to understand the musings of a drunk scientist even if you’re a recovering alcoholic with multiple Ph. D.s. Ones that are useful, not like the seven that Bruce has. Seriously, pick a lane.
Blue phone: It wasn’t that bad.
“You’re right. It would be a disaster regardless, due to the sticks, fire, and marshmallows being involved. However, one of those children can turn himself invisible.”
HSBF: Karen sent me some tweets, so I would actually know what you’re talking about.
Chief mechanic: Speaking of business. How is Norway? Did you get any souvenirs? Oh, and if the daughter-in-law is with you, tell her to call baby girl tonight. She’s worried she is becoming a real girl with monthly annoyance included. I would like to know if I need to start making tampon runs.
Red phone: I created the AI as a coping mechanism to deal with a lot of my own problems. And maybe to ensure that a part of my Jarvis lived on. I know you don’t want to hear this, but Jarvis was more of a father to me than Howard ever was.
Nomad: No you’re not. Well, at least not anymore. You definitely not narcissistic. How can people still think that of you after you save so many people?
“I was getting ready to go to sleep before I started texting you.” Steve remarked.
Agent L. Barton: Getting the stones may definitely be the easy part.  Especially because you will be able to get most of the stones from my timeline, I hope.
This conversation takes place on the evening of September 21, 2016. That means that parts of it took place before some of the later emails that Tony received. I just didn’t want to split up that conversation.
“You want to fight, fine.” Natasha said grabbing Happy’s arms, “But you are not having this fight right now in an unsecure hallway that hasn’t even been swept for bugs yet,” Natasha said as she actually dragged him away.
Blue phone: Which is the only reason why you are texting me after three days of complete silence. I thought I scared you off.
StarkAE: Understandable considering I kind of want to punch him. Also for somebody who wants the world to think that he’s still dead you're doing an awful job at it. There are at least three shots of you at the crime scene. I’m still not used to you in something other than a three-piece suit.
Nomad: That's going to make your stocks go down, isn’t it? I haven’t seen the news since Ms. Potts tried to punch out the reporter. Actually, I’m not allowed to. Therapist orders. I’m actually surprised she’s letting me talk to you.
Tony: Never tried to decipher the scientific writings of a chronically depressed alcoholic who’s obsessed with her dead lover. The only stuff I can understand are the notes that she wrote to Fitz, or I guess we're supposed to call him Leo. This whole situation is a mind fuck.
Purple arrow: I could use you right now. Your goddaughter is currently crying on my lap again. Apparently, they’re flashing back to when Ross kidnapped Laura.
Agent M: You don’t have to because you’re not enhanced or gifted. I didn’t and I have the Captain America shield resting next to me right now.
Red phone: Yes, it would.
Me: Yes or rather he was. Between his unwillingness to go out and try to arrest you and the cluster fuck that took out half of Galileo, Agent was asked to step down as the director of an organization that doesn’t technically exist.
Girl Friday: I may have accidentally sent it to May PR. Oops! I better switch to the other channel.
"Oh good, one of Steve's friends is actually reasonable. Just to erase your fears, I love him too."
Warning: Discussion of past sexual assault
Pepper pot: They can always be rebuilt. You managed to get back on speaking terms with me before Morgan was born. Which you now apparently believe happened because Thanos didn’t want you to help undo his master plan.
SimmonsJA: Like trying to prevent a giant ferry in New York from capsizing.
Tony Potts: Which if they started in 1955, it took them 36 years to get there.
Tony: You have therapist confidentiality.
This chapter picks up about 24 hours after the last one.
"I think the sound of the shower would have woken me up anyway.” He said as he pulled Tony back onto the bed for another kiss.
Counselor Laura: Yes, I did kill someone. I turned his weapon on him. Unfortunately, your other self wasn’t happy and asked me to leave Shield again.
TMNS: MJ is very worried. We all are. Daisy is off-planet, and there’s no way for us to get in contact with her.
Me: I know. I think it’s almost midnight where you are, so we should probably let you sleep.
“Because your therapist would be really pissed off at you if you did,” Tony joked, mostly.
Me: Yes. Benji’s friend who hacked into the suit also managed to hack into the Pentagon twice. So, I have a new intern and Agent has a candidate for the communications school.
“I’m sorry,” Rori mumbled as she attempted to wipe her face clear. “I don’t know where that came from.”
Harry sat down, pulling Rori onto his lap as the cake was sliced and handed out to everyone. She looked across the table to where her parents were sitting, catching a smirk on Tony’s face while Steve smacked him lightly on the shoulder. “Leave her alone,” she heard him tell his husband. “You’re such a shit stirrer.”
Harry offered a small chuckle in response to her attempt to lighten the mood. “Normal’s overrated,” he said.
Harry scooped up the Danish and headed down the hall towards Rori’s wing of the penthouse, finding her pacing across the smaller living room there.
