Whatever the reason, his four-day Stark Industries’ business trip to Singapore had felt like an entire year of being away from home. Setting foot in the Compound a mere half hour ago had been like experiencing a long-awaited miracle.
“I know we weren’t the best of friends, believe me I know. But we were friends,” Tony continues. “At least I thought we were. I trusted you and I cared about you even if I wasn’t good at showing it. It wasn’t Barnes that made me go absolutely mad, and it wasn’t the fact that Captain America had lied to me. It was that I never believed Steve Rogers would do something like that to me.”
This is a dream come true but Steve is scared he will mess it up somehow and turn it into his own worst nightmare.
Bruce is next after more or less an hour. His eyes are red from staring at his tablet screen for so long and he waves at them with one hand while rubbing at his eyes with the other. His footsteps echo softly down the hall.
Steve and Tony share a hesitant look and then turn their gazes towards Valkyrie who only shrugs once again and burps. Steve sighs and then meets Tony’s eyes again, motioning slightly with his head towards Thor.
The third time really is the charm for both of them. It’s not something they’ve scheduled or plan and Steve thinks maybe that's part of why it works so well.
Steve loved the cold. He loved the beauty of it, its magical silence and its casual embrace. But he also hated the cold. It reminded him of stillness, of quiet loneliness and loss. All of these contradicting feelings were filling Steve’s insides as he stood in front of his window looking down at the street where children were playing and people were walking by on their way to live their day-to-day lives.
It has been a very long time since Tony’s stood this close to the Hulk, years actually, definitely since before Bruce disappeared after Ultron. But even during those missions where the Avengers worked so closely with him Tony had never seen the Hulk as still as he is now. The posture reminds him so much more of Bruce, really, and everything makes sense when the Hulk turns around but the smile and the gaze that greets Tony is so much more human than ever before.
Pepper hums shortly and bites her wine-stained bottom lip. “I was the one who said you’d be good together, remember? Before we even had Tony back.”
It’s gradual and it’s appeasing and it brings them so much closer together. There are topics that are harder to discuss -Howard, for example- but they don’t shy away from them, even if they need to exercise more caution.
It feels like the moment, not the perfect one but the appropriate one, to do something Tony has been meaning to do for weeks.
Steve was mortified. He could feel himself flushing and, even though he knew it was impossible, it was as if the whole street had gone silent at the impact.
Tony wakes up when Steve kisses him goodbye before leaving for the city. It’s very early, the sun rising slowly in the sky, bathing Tony’s room in yellow and orange hues as Steve closes the door behind him. Tony stays in bed and even manages to fall asleep for another hour, the warmth of the comforter making him reluctant to get up.
He takes pleasure in a job well done and he now finds it natural to guide people, to try and shape them into the best version of themselves they can be. He knows he’s not perfect at it but he’s grown to find pleasure in knowing his voice is heard after so many years of going ignored.
“Actually, it’s more like I’m here to celebrate. Kind of,” Bruce explains. “I uh— I figured out the project I was working on.”
He even has an specific folder in his gallery for those pictures, for the ones closest to his heart, the ones he’s even printed and have framed before, used to decorate the Tower, some of them placed around him in the living room of the penthouse, some downstairs in the Avengers’ common room and some in his and Tony’s room.
Thor’s always been one of them, no matter what their situations might have been like over the years and it’s about time the Avengers start taking proper care of their own.
Bruce goes silent and the other three of them are looking intently at him but not saying anything, just watching their friend struggle pretty visibly.
“That obvious?” Tony asks, trying to grab one of the cookies but getting smacked in the hand by Rhodey wielding a spatula. Tony retreats his hand and glares at his best friend who just rolls his eyes.
Steve’s surprised when he doesn't have to try to approach Tony again and it’s Tony who comes asking for his company. He wouldn't have thought Tony would be interested in getting a repeat performance of their failed time and he actually thought he’d have to convince Tony to give their friendship a try again.
Despite his having forgiven her a long time ago something inside him still settles when hearing the words, like maybe the healing process has finally ended for this one emotional wound.
Steve is the first one to move but he doesn't completely separate from Tony. His hand stays clasped in Tony’s and his free one moves to Tony’s knee, resting there unobtrusively. His eyes are closed and his brow is set in a deep frown like he’s deep in thought or concentrating on something.
Tony turns around to face Steve and he pushes down the warmth he feels at knowing Steve was ready to catch him, even in this situation, even with the tension between them being thick and oppressive. He holds on to his righteousness tightly, with both hands and with all of his might.
“When you arrived I don’t know what I was feeling, it’s so confusing. All I know is that I took everything the wrong way. I was so sensitive and my brain kept looking for signs where there weren't any, I guess,” Tony ventures. “That wasn't your fault. But I’ll take a leaf out of my therapists book and say that it wasn’t really mine either. I wasn't being difficult on purpose.”
He hates being the leader now, here, in the middle of this battlefield, a space portal open right above them as hundreds and hundreds of horrendous alien creatures are trying to destroy New York.
He’d been doubtful -and maybe even a little afraid- to let all his inhibitions go and truly let them in.
Bruce laughs again, twice in less than a minute, and it dawns on Tony how much lighter Bruce appears. It somehow shows in the way he’s carrying himself, in the way his shoulders have seemed to drop the weight they had been carrying for so many years.
Tony nods and something shapes itself back together inside his chest. He gives Steve a small smile and moves towards the couch, territory that is normally Steve’s but that for whatever reason feels right at the moment.
“Yeah, Buck, kinda hard to miss all that snow.” Steve started making his way to his room and, without having to look, he knew Bucky would be following close behind.
“So,” Tony said after a couple of minutes in which no one did or said anything. “I could still use an introduction, Nat.”
“But it’s true,” Steve reiterates. “I think I kept him at arm’s length for years. There’s so much about him I don’t know and so much I asked of him without ever stopping to thank him. He had a large family, did you know that? He mentioned them a lot, his cousins, uncles and aunts, his grandmother and his parents. I don’t know any of them and I never asked him about them. His mother and his grandmother died in the Decimation but his father is still alive.”
Steve smiles at him but Tony can’t look at him for much longer because his eyes are drawn back to the picture frame again.
“See?” Tony asks, turning back towards Rhodey but not letting of of Steve’s hand. “Steve would always be on my team.”
By now Tony has turned so his body faces Steve, more interested to see what Steve’s doing than reluctant to meet his gaze.
Steve’s speech gets quicker and his chest starts rising and falling rapidly, unmistakable signs of his growing anxiety. Tony brings one of his hands over to Steve’s chest, unsure of what he can do to help him calm down but needing to offer him some kind of comfort.
As he hides his face in the crook of her neck and takes a deep breath he feels Steve’s arms finally pulling away from his body. They don’t leave abruptly, but gently, Steve’s hands grazing Tony’s shoulders and back before completely retreating.
That’s why the words shouldn’t feel monumental, but they strike something in Tony that shakes him to his core. They should feel redundant but they don’t. They aren’t life-changing but they’re important just the same.
In a few short steps Clint moves so he’s standing over Tony, who’s still sitting on the couch, his back straight and his head looking up at the other man. The position is very much threatening and although Tony’s not necessarily afraid or intimated he still shallows harshly.
Another silence stretches all around them and this time Tony can’t find the words to break it. He doesn’t want to push harder because he doesn't know what Steve’s breaking point is for this. But he doesn’t want to leave things in this state, he needs them to finally move forward.
The first time Tony tells Steve he loves him is also the day Steve finds his favorite descriptor for himself.
There is no real explanation about the recent obsession he has developed with wearing Steve’s clothes and, honestly, it’s even getting a little embarrassing.
Steve will miss Tony speaking Italian everywhere they go, his accent flawless, his words awakening such a strong desire in Steve’s body it felt almost paralyzing. He will miss Tony’s smiles coming more easily here than in New York’s streets, where it feels like there’s always someone watching them. He will miss their little apartment and Tony padding barefoot through it in the morning as Steve waits for him in the balcony, ready to hand him his first cup of coffee of the day.
Telling Rhodey and Pepper proves to be more difficult. The former because of his irregular communication availability and the latter because Tony isn't really sure how one should approach telling an ex that they’re dating someone else.
Natasha chuckles and Tony squeezes her arm gently before letting go. A comfortable silence fills the room as Natasha resumes her meal and Tony pretends to do the same.
It’s been one year since the Decimation and the country still gives no signs of completely recovering.
When Tony is done preparing the salad he moves the bowl to the island and grabs two plates, two forks and two knifes, depositing them on the island too. Natasha silently points towards the counter to other kitchen utensils, reminding Tony to grab a serving spoon. The conversation dies down momentarily while each of them serve themselves but it promptly starts up again, even as they’re eating and chewing.
“I told you about human Jarvis, right?” Tony inquires and Steve nods. “He tried to teach me to cook and pasta was the only thing that really stuck. God, I miss his cooking.”
“This is going to sound cheesy as hell and I hate myself for even saying it but: we can’t fix a broken heart,” Tony says. “That’s what Natasha’s suffering from. That’s what all of us are suffering from, actually. But today we helped. We just… We’ve got to take that for what’s it worth.”
So little Tony Stark would wear those clothes and he wouldn’t get them dirty, and he’d be very careful about his hair and he would try to keep his hands cleans for more than a few hours, but he hated it. He hated every second of the stiff fabric coming in contact with his skin, and he’d especially despise the feeling of the tight collar of his shirt around his neck, making him feel suffocated, complicating every breath he took.
“You might be well enough to be out of bed now but I don’t think you’re fit for the journey to Malibu,” she declares.
He’s there but he’s not there. There are traces of his presence and yet it would be very easy to miss them and believe he never arrived.
Steve’s true favorite moments are the ones that he gets to have most often, the ones that don’t take his breath away but, on the contrary, remind him of all the reasons he has to breathe. His favorite moments happen in the most normal days because he gets to see Tony as he truly is, no inhibitions or masks, and he gets to be just as natural back.
Thor is a surprising case because Steve would have never taken him as a follower and also because he’s not entirely sure of how Thor found out the rest of them had all moved to the Tower.
Steve has hadn't doubts since then that JARVIS is so much more than just a simple machine. Tony created a real and incredible person in the shape of an AI and Steve wishes he could thank Tony for gifting him with the opportunity to get to know JARVIS.
At the other end of the line Tony lets out a relieved sigh and Steve can hear the rustle of sheets as if Tony is changing positions in bed. Steve knows Tony must be burrowing down into the covers just like he likes best, only the top of his head visible poking through them.
Post-Afghanistan, the suits weren’t means of protection anymore because now he had a suit designed entirely for that. The suits then became a reminder. A reminder that he had made it out alive, and that he ought to be grateful for that. But they were also a reminder of all he held in his hands: the responsibilities and the lives that had been lost in the way when he had been hidden in the shadows of his potential.
It doesn’t take much effort to start bringing them all closer together and Tony’s presence helps a lot more than Steve could have even imagined, and he already thought Tony had been the missing piece they had been missing all along.
From his position laying in bed in the SHIELD safe house Steve reads the text for the third time and keeps frowning at his cellphone.
They both start walking at the same time, mostly in sync although Steve’s strides are larger than Tony’s. One of Steve’s steps amounts to two of Tony’s.
He moves his head back a little bit when he has finished half of the glass. Pepper understands and puts the glass back on the nightstand, sitting next to his bed again.
. And what has helped him most has been thinking of himself as who he can be in the future, allowing himself the opportunity to daydream and imagine all the possibilities of the man he can become.
The idea of Steve leaving, even knowing he’d be coming back, twists something inside of Tony that makes it harder to breathe.
Tony hasn’t heard or read any of Steve’s speech before this moment, and a quick glance out of the corner of his eye to Natasha tells him she hasn't either. Her face looks smooth and calm but Tony can read her tension in the small curve of her lips and her fidgeting fingers.
There had been times Tony had had to remind himself to pay closer attention because although Peter’s lips were moving Tony wasn’t listening to any of his words and, even in dreams, Tony knew what a privilege it was to still be able to hear Peter’s voice.
Tony reaches across the island and moves a lock of Steve’s hair away from his forehead, preventing it from getting into Steve’s right eye. Two of his fingertips graze Steve’s skin, clammy and hot from sleep, and Tony feels a short but intense tingle go down his fingers and the palm of his hand.
Steve watches as Pepper swallows harshly and takes a deep breathe before she speaks. There’s a slight tremble in her hands that Steve mostly notices because of how it makes the fork in her hand clink against the plate.
The internet is something Steve also relies heavily on: Youtube tutorials, mobile apps, lifestyle blogs,… Nothing seems to be enough for him and he’s constantly on the hunt for more, more, more.
What ends up surprising Steve the most is the fact that he isn’t actually the one to initiate the kiss, Tony is.
“No, no, no,” Tony denies, realizing how that must have sounded like to Steve after their history together. He does reach for Steve this time, hoping the contact will soothe them both, stabilize them. He places one of his hands on Steve’s forearm and squeezes it gently but strongly enough to carry his decisiveness. “I’m not afraid of you. I—“
Steve’s laugh is quite obviously frenetic and desperate and Tony is pretty sure there is nothing helpful he can do except be there for Steve and have him know that.
Pepper’s hand is cold and smooth and Rhodey’s is a little clammy but both feel like a lifeline to him.
This time Steve is the one to reach over and take a gulp from his glass of water, suddenly feeling like his mouth is very dry.
Steve brings his right hand up so he has his phone to eye-level as he caresses his abdomen lightly with the tips of his left hand fingertips. Before he can unlock his screen his phone vibrates again, and then once more only a couple of seconds later. Steve doesn’t even look as his fingers tap in his numerical password, muscle memory guiding them to write in Tony’s birthday. The text conversation they’re having appears promptly on screen and Steve has to blink a couple of times to focus his eyes and read Tony’s new messages.
“So now you can come visit me whenever you want, I guess,” Tony tries for cheery and nonchalant all at once and he probably lands nowhere near either of them.
Lost in his thoughts and trying not to focus too closely on the man lying on him, Tony starts wondering where the rest of the people went after they came back. Steve came to him - which still doesn’t fail to surprise him- but what about the others?
Natasha breaks their eye contact as she clears her throat, extends her arm to grab her glass of water and takes a sip from it.
Tony moves the arm in which he’s holding the shield even though it is unmissable that it is what he’s talking about.
The ringing of his phone startles him and makes him guiltily pull his hand away from his dick. He debates not answering, feeling unsettled talking to anyone while in his current state even if no one would be able to tell just by the sound of his voice. One quick glance at the screen has Steve finally picking up the call because the person calling is the only one in the world Steve is never afraid to share everything with.
Objectively he didn’t do much, seeing as how Bruce had been off working on his own, researching and working on Hulk issues he’s been trying to perfect, and the rest of the residents of the Compound were off most of the day.
Tony keeps passing plates and glasses and silverware to Steve who correctly puts everything in its place.
Natasha brings one of her hands up to his cheeks and she feels the stubble he hasn’t shaved while caressing him gently.
Tony hasn’t been able to come up with a definite answer even though he has searched for it pretty hard. He tried not wearing any of Steve’s clothes for a couple days, looking for any possible changes in his mood but nothing felt unusual to him. He tried to find out if it maybe was something sexual but fucking with Steve’s shirt on wasn’t any sexier than fucking completely naked, it was actually more uncomfortable and sweaty.
There is nothing in the world like knowing Steve is on his corner like that, so loyal and devoted. Tony just wants the opportunity to show he can do the same for Steve. He needs Steve to let him.
He has always known that dressing accordingly is a very important part of being a public figure, it being one of the few things his father personally taught him.
Tony doesn’t keep count of how many days he and Steve have been together. He doesn’t even really pay attention to how many months it has been since their first kiss. Months pass and milestones are achieved but it’s all so natural, so underwhelming in a sense. Not underwhelming because it’s unimportant, but underwhelming because it doesn't need to be celebrated. It just is. Him and Steve just
After a couple minutes, when the sound of the shower can finally be heard through the closed door, Tony’s still in the same position as when Steve left. His hands have started moving back and forth, caressing the duvet that covers Steve’s bed. It’s a baby blue color and it’s very soft. The motion and the feeling is relaxing Tony, whose head blissfully stops overthinking everything that happened today and just gives into the sensation.
Tony, for his part, doesn’t move, still seated in the same position, but his eyes close when Steve is mere inches away from him and that is the last bit of encouragement Steve needs.
He thought that they had moved past the hesitancy and the doubts and that Steve knew now that there’s no one whose opinion or ideas Tony values more. They’ve come a long way from the days where giving each other a piece of their mind meant clashing.
I want to thank every single person who took the time to read and give kudos on chapter 1, it means the world to me. I'm especially grateful to the people who left comments saying they liked the story or detailing their favorite parts of the first chapter. Your words give me the confidence and motivation to keep writing and I was brought to tears by everyone's kindness.
It’s probable Steve is thinking about so many other things as well: Sam, Wanda, the half of the world they’ve lost and still have no idea if they can recuperate. But the topic is heavily intertwined with Barnes’ memory and Tony isn’t sure they're ready to talk about that yet.
Her eyes look clearer now, her gaze somewhat sharper and Tony can instantly feel the change in the atmosphere.
“Sorry, got a bit lost in my head,” Tony tries to explain, hoping it won’t prompt more questions from Natasha. To make sure of it, he moves back to the topic they had been focusing on. “And I’m sorry about you and Bruce. You guys deserve to be happy.”
Rhodey smiles at him and squeezes his hands before letting go of them and grabbing one more cookie from the plate. Tony smiles back at him but his mind is a million miles away. Further even than he’s ever physically been.
Tony’s face looks blank and any other person would have taken the accepted the comment but Steve reminds himself that he knows Tony, or at least he knows how much his creations mean to him.
When they make it back to the Compound they’re silent, just like they were silent on the ride back, Tony driving and Steve looking out the window. It’s a comfortable silence but it’s nevertheless a charged one.
“Stark—Mr. Stark—“ Steve stumbles over his words, not entirely sure how to handle the situation. “Tony deserves it. He saved us all. He was a real hero.”
Tony looks at them and at their wistfully sad faces and he extends his hand to grab Natasha’s ankles where her legs are now extended on the bed. She turns her head to look at him and he knows he doesn't need to say anything. He understand her and she understands him. It’s one of the few things they’ve always known about each other even when they didn't want to admit to it.
Tony clears his throat to let Steve know he’s there and Steve’s shoulders tense immediately. He doesn't turn around, however. Tony doesn’t know if he prefers it this way or if he would rather have the opportunity to look Steve in the eye.
“I know that the explanation I gave in the letter I sent you with the phone wasn’t a good one and it wasn’t enough,” Steve acknowledges. “But I hate to say that I don’t have a better one even now. It wasn’t because I didn’t trust you and it wasn’t because I didn’t care about you because I did, I swear I did.
Tony doesn’t speak during this time except to guide Steve along on his breathing and remind him he’s still there, things like “That’s good”, “Keep breathing” and “I’m here”.
“Yeah, but I’m not interested in going on a double date with either of you, so.” Natasha shrugged and Clint laughed.
It wouldn’t be as obvious as it is for Tony if he hadn’t grown completely attuned to everything that Steve is, but he can spot the second the fight leaves Steve’s body. It isn’t outright noticeable. It doesn’t change the posture of his body or the tone of his voice. It’s something else, it’s somewhere else.
Tony walks out of the walk-in closet with one of the shield’s leather straps placed on the crook on his arm and the other one gripped tightly on a fist with his hand.
The Avengers have their second mission two and a half months after the Battle of New York. It’s nothing near as big as that fight had been but it’s important enough that the five of them need to step out of the Tower together to deal with it.
“I didn’t know Tony had, you know, these problems,” Steve muses. “These same issues I seem to be stuck with.”
Tony almost doesn't realize it but his body is moving forward slowly, leaning more and more into Steve. They’re still laying side by side but their faces are now sharing the same pillow.
Steve moves unexpectedly but he doesn’t go very far. He just turns on his back and laces his hand on his stomach as his eyes settle on the ceiling. The intensity of his gaze would have anyone thinking the secrets of the universe reside in the white cement above him.
Tony’s hands grab Steve’s face, his unshaved stubble prickly under Tony’s palms and fingertips. Tony doesn't waste any time and he captures Steve’s mouth in a searing kiss. Perhaps the most accurate descriptor for the kiss would be
But she’s crying, quietly but heartily, and the pressure on the left side of the bed he’s lying in tells him, without having to open his eyes, that she’s got her head and probably her arms resting on it.
Steve’s fingers tighten on Tony’s the longer he speaks, to the point where Tony can barely move his hands. He lets Steve continue talking without interruption, though.
This time his voice sounds softer, kinder. He’s not so much trying to make a statement but trying to apologize for his failings. He’s baring his soul to the universe and giving away the last part of his past self he still had kept hidden.
There are awed faces all around Tony when Bruce transforms in front of the very informal gathering he called at the Compound, but Rhodey’s is definitely the funniest one. His mouth is wide open like a cartoon character and Tony can’t pass up the opportunity to take a picture for future blackmailing purposes.
Minutes pass, and sip by sip Tony starts to feel a little more human again, reenergized and more clear-headed. Still, it says a lot about his general level of awareness when he opens his eyes again after a particularly long gulp of his third coffee and he finds Natasha sitting right in front of him.
Tony likes to think he’s been reasonable, that he doesn’t need confirmation about how Steve feels on the subject, that he can live with it, but words come tumbling out of his mouth before he can stop them.
“I love this picture,” Tony’s voice breaks and he has to sniff loudly so his nose doesn’t start running.
It gives Tony the last burst of strength and clarity he needs to sort through his mangled thoughts, even if not completely.
Tony is in his workshop when Steve asks JARVIS about him. He hasn't had the opportunity to talk to Tony since the end of the fight and he wants to see if Tony will agree to try one more time to do something together, no matter how bad of a record they’re building.
The kitchen is so silent it feels eerie and Tony misses the sound of Steve’s labored breathing. If Tony breathes loudly enough he can imagine Steve is still sitting right in front of him but the minute he opens his eyes the fantasy shatters.
He doesn’t say it but he pours the feeling into the kiss he places on Tony’s lips. And because it’s Tony, and because they’re
Steve touches the spot on his own neck that matches the one he wrote down for Tony as Tony’s next message comes through.
If he looks ahead he can make out blurry shapes in the distance, dark blobs he knows are people but he can’t recognize. There are maybe 6 or 7 of them but Tony’s sight gets tired very quickly of trying to focus so he gives up, redirecting his gaze back to his feet, watching as they drag with every step he takes.
It takes him a while, but as soon as he’s free of the garment he balls it up and places it on the floor, resting his head on top of it.
Tony leaves the kitchen in search of Steve with the same determination that he had felt when he left his room earlier on when going to meet Steve in the kitchen.
The Moon sits high in the sky and it casts the room in a soft, blue glow, giving it an almost ethereal feeling. It feels strange to think that after everything that has happened this moon that Tony can now see through the wide set of windows of the living room is the same one he has always stared at.
“Yeah, but we should all talk about the whole Thor situation, though,” Steve says. “If we’re going to try and talk to him or what.”
It’s futile and inevitable that Steve mourns the loss of something he never truly had. It’s also ridiculous but Steve’s well versed in lost causes. More than anything it is frustrating, to think that just when he had gotten rid of all the
Tony closes his arms around her petite figure, placing one of his hands on the back of her head and the other between her shoulder blades. He tilts his head slightly to rest his temple against the side of her head. He makes no shushing noises, no motions rocking them back and forth. He doesn't offer her empty and meaningless platitudes.
“I help you find help,” Tony states, motioning to himself and then to Steve. “And you help me find help.” This time Tony points first to Steve and then to himself. “How does that sound?”
He curses himself internally, hating how vulnerable he feels. The drag of the day has left him more exposed than he normally would allow himself to be, even with Steve.  In a way, it feels liberating to sense emotions other than the suffocating sadness he was feeling only a few minutes ago. Incredulity and outrageousness are easier to handle, more explosive towards the outside world than towards himself.
If they want to make things better for the world once again that might need to include them staying alive throughout everything, not just the parts that inevitably need of their response.
“Graciously, he says! I won fair and square. It’s not my fault you’re so bad at rock, paper, scissors.”
It’s on his mind when he speaks to Pepper, either on video-conferences or through the phone. He thinks of his and Steve’s relationship becoming as stilted as his and Pepper’s became at the end. He thinks of breaking Steve's heart and Steve breaking his.
And before Tony can respond, JARVIS closes the doors of the elevator, taking Natasha and her sneakiness away.
Natasha is the first one to make her exit after she pronounces those words, walking hurriedly out of the room through the doors that lead to the outside yard.
Pepper comes back to New York and stays with him for a little over a week and during that time they have videoconferences with shareholders and employers from all around the globe, even with other companies from their sector that have started cooperating more with them to try and keep the markets from crashing.
The area made up of woods and fields and the man-made lake Tony included into the design has seen more than its fair share of cathartic and revealing conversations between Steve and Tony.
A light. But he’s awake. He feels awake. He feels awake and he’s sat in one of the seats in the cockpit but he was laid down on the floor and asleep. He was asleep.
He pulls on the hand that is holding Steve’s and brings it over to his chest, resting the back of Steve’s hand against where the arc reactor sits when it’s hooked to his chest.
He feels more composed when he turns back to look at Steve and this time he finds him being the one looking up at the Moon.
It’s automatic and instinctive that he searches for his safe place, the one where he can forget, or at least pretend to, everything he is and everything he is supposed to be.
It’s comforting to be able to enjoy something that had lost its luster, and it’s nice that they can feel like there is a world full of possibilities open for them.
He lets go of Steve’s hand when he turns around to open the door to his bedroom and he walks inside, hoping Steve is following him in. He turns his head a little bit to check and is relieved to find Steve only a few steps behind him. Steve stops shortly to half-close the door behind him and turn up the brightness of the room through the switch next to the door before Tony has to ask FRIDAY to do it.
“I hate having to do this but I need to go to Malibu,” she explains and Tony understands without her having to say anything more.
Nowadays it almost feels weird for Steve to touch his own cock in a sexual manner. It’s been months since he’s had to regularly jerk off. Tony and him both live at the Tower and they’ve been having more than enough sex even for a super-soldier like Steve. Tony’s hands are rougher than Steve’s and, even though he would have never guessed, his callouses feel sexy and arousing when they go up and down his dick.
He caresses Steve’s skin with his thumb, feeling the slight stubble that must have grown on Steve’s face since he shaved in the morning. It isn't exactly soft but it isn’t prickly, either. It’s definitely a pleasant sensation against Tony’s own skin, one that Tony doesn’t want to let go of yet.
(It’s slow and it’s distressing for them both, opening themselves up, but they do it. They learn to trust each other and to share the burden of their grief. Neither is good at following advice but they make an effort.
Confusion is still visible in Steve’s eyes, but the man blinks and his frown dissolves when he looks down at Tony’s clothes.
It’s incredible how at ease he feels now only because of the sound of Tony’s voice. Maybe Tony was right after all -like almost always- and there’s something to be said about trying phone sex in the future.
Bucky walked into the apartment getting closer to Steve but he left the door open. Steve could see Natasha and Sam talking in the hallway outside and he mentally sighed knowing that whatever these three had planned would somehow involve him. He cursed himself for being so weak and never knowing how to say no to his best friends.
Tony notices him drifting off when his sobs quiet down and his breathing evens out. He’s still got his face buried in Tony’s midsection, his arms folded under his face, and his stomach rises and falls in the constraint of his uniform. Tony’s hand is still buried in his blond hair but it’s no longer stroking it, just sits there motionless. The position both of them find themselves in has no right feeling this familiar when never before have they ever been this close, never before have they allowed themselves the opportunity.
The first tear falls from Tony’s eye as Steve’s first tear starts rolling down his left cheek too. An aching sob breaks from Steve’s mouth as more and more tears fall down his face.
When morning comes, Rhodey leaves to take a shower after Tony has reassured him that he’ll be fine without him.
Steve then moves again, standing up and walking purposefully to the room’s mini fridge, stocked full of water bottles.
There are more than enough reasons for Tony to shut things down, more than enough reasons as to why he has been ignoring it all, even when he knows Steve also knows he’s doing it.
The tale involves magic, alien races, quantum physics, space travel and dimension hopping. At least from what Steve can understand of it. Bruce is the one who seems more fascinated out of all of them by Tony’s narrations and he asks Tony a handful of questions that have Tony vigorously gesticulating and make his face light up.
He might not have thought of himself as one but the ceremony his death has brought reminds Steve of fallen soldiers, of their funerals and the ways they are remembered.
Bucky comes up in some of their conversations and for the first time in a long time saying his best friend’s name doesn’t feel like blasphemy. He talks about their time as kids and he talks about their times as adults and it feels fitting and liberating to finally be honoring in some way.
He’s immersed in reading a couple Stark Industries’ projects when he hears a succession of soft knocks on the glass doors of his workshop.
It’s easier than living. Easier than living with the guilt. Easier than living with the expectations. Easier than living with the guilt. Easier than living with without so many people. Easier than living without hope.
Cooking was what he did when he wanted to impress Pepper, or relax her, or treat her to something special.
He once had a thought -a dream, perhaps- that this place, the Compound, could be something grander than any one had ever seen before, and maybe, after Ultron, even if he hadn’t personally been there to see it, it had been for a few months.
Steve moves his head slowly until his eyes can meet Tony’s again. The passion in them is burning and Tony doesn’t need to hear his next words to know what he’s feeling.
Tony puts down his own fork and puts his hands up defensively. “I know you don’t really want to talk about it anymore. I know you want to handle it on your own. But hey, that doesn’t stop me from worrying, okay?”
Steve and Rhodey needed to find their footing again after the weeks Steve spent pulling away from him and Pepper. Rhodey had never been angry at him or combative but he had seemed distant and cold at first, before Steve had little by little gained his trust back.
(It starts with Star Wars and then Star Trek follows. Pepper makes him a list of most of Tony’s favorite bands and Steve is both fascinated and a little scared of the music he listens to from it.  She even shares some of Tony’s scientific and engineering papers and achievements with Steve and everything blows his mind and astounds him. It’s eye opening and revealing and enthralling. And although it makes him feel a little guilty, for the first time he feels a bout of excitement to be able to experience all these things in this time.)
“Wait, a rematch?,” Rhodey asks. “What were you two doing in space? Challenging each other to golf tournaments, or what?”
He’s about to call out for JARVIS again, to try one last time just in case everything’s been a misunderstanding when a projection pops up right in front of him.
“Remember what you said to me before space?” she asks. “About that dream you had, the baby with my uncle’s name?”
But for the first time in over 2 years thinking about his parents feels manageable again. It feels like something to still feel sad about but not something to let kill him.
Other times trying to explain their situation is too difficult, Tony has noticed. He doesn't blame the rest of the world for not going through their same ordeals and he would never want them to have to, but it’s complicated to explain how he feels and what he’s going through to someone that has never had to experience any of it.
“You never honor our Monopoly deals!” Rhodey shouts as he he throws up his arms. “You always say we’ll work together against the rest of the Avengers and then you work against me first chance you get!”
One of the charities she has started to work closely with, an organization taking care of kids that become orphans because of the snap, is in the process of building a massive orphanage in Boston and she believes his presence will give them a boost in publicity because for some reason the remaining Avengers still hold the regard of the majority of the population.
“This is not a commitment you can’t handle, Steve. It’s just what you’re owed,” Tony insists as he keeps watching Steve’s struggle and resolution.
They’re three very busy days, Tony still trying to catch up on Stark Industries’ business while at the same time working with Steve, Natasha and Bruce on a plan to bring Thor back to New York. They’ve contacted Valkyrie and she readily agreed with them on it being best for Thor to be back with them.
Like watching a flower bloom in the middle of a forest, witnessing Steve opening up is a beautiful and awe-inspiring experience.
“He died a hero,” Steve reiterates, feeling like this is the thousand time he’s repeated this since Tony died.
Tony could try to do this without words, he could let his actions speak and leave Steve with all the weight of finding the right words. And if not the right ones then at least just
Tony’s lost for a while, drifting aimlessly even though he’s not walking, his mind traveling far and wide, so many miles away one minute and then snapping back in a second to the here and now.
As Tony raises his head he can distinctively make out a shape coming towards them at rapid speed and even through his hazy vision Tony is able to recognize that run perfectly. He’d be able to recognize that run anytime and anyplace.
“Steve, you’re being weird,” Tony says, tripping over his own feet because of Steve’s hasty steps. “What is goi—“
Tony and Steve stay like that for a good half hour and during that time the sun has made its way up the sky, bathing the room in a collage of oranges and yellows and making Steve’s hair almost shine where a stray ray is hitting it just right.
“Can I touch you?” Tony asks, hands stretched towards Steve’s shoulders but not actually touching him, just hovering in the air.
That’s when Tony notices what Steve is wearing. His suit. The Captain America suit Tony designed for him. Or at least the remnants of what used to be his suit.
So he avoids Tony. He avoids Tony simply because Tony is the most prominent of his wishes and the most prominent of his fears and if Steve were to face Tony he’s not sure he’d make it out unscathed of that.
This time Steve does laugh out-loud and hearing his own laugh echo around the scarce bedroom in the safe house makes his chest ache and his hands itch with the need to hold Tony. He’s been gone for longer than this more than once before but each time Steve finds it harder and harder. He was able to live without Tony for more than 30 years but maybe it’s because of how long that time was that now he feels incapable of spending a minute away from him without feeling like he is missing a limb.
“I just… I knew him leaving was a possibility but I thought…I believed that he’d…” Bruce stammers. “I thought he’d come talk to me.”
“I just-” he starts and then cuts himself off, looking exasperated. He takes a deep breathe and rushes through his next sentences. “I was just going to say that maybe it is best if I sleep in my room tonight. Just so we can both have some space. That’s all.”
Avoidance isn’t what’s keeping them from having sex. They’ve toed the line, made it all the way to the edge before retreating back to safety. It’s more something like anticipation mixed with a little bit of caution. It’s wanting to savor the moments leading up to it but also giving themselves time to mentally prepare themselves.
“Don’t,” Tony warns harshly and Steve looks up at him instantly. “Don’t try to turn this into something it isn’t. And don’t take your frustration out on me just because you’ve already butted heads with Natasha about this. We need to talk about this because if not… Well, we know how badly things can go between us, Steve.”
It’s eleven thirty and last night’s pizza boxes are still in the kitchen, waiting to be picked up and thrown out by either the cleaning staff of the Compound or Steve, whoever gets to them first. Fortunately, some of them had the clarity of mind to load the dishwasher with every used plate, glass and piece of cutlery as they used them last night, so Tony doesn’t encounter a sink full of dirty dishes like these kind of gatherings have prompted before.
Natasha keeps still, only moving her arms to her hips and cocking her head to the side, her eyes still focused on Tony, peeling away his resolution by the second.
Tony feels tears well up in his eyes. For some reason everything is starting to feel more and more real by the second. He wasn’t lying when he said he knew already how Steve feel about him but hearing him say it changes something irrevocably. There is knowing and then there is
And then he fought again. And he lost again. There was no team to lose this time and yet he managed to lose it.
It’s so obvious to Steve that Pepper has lost herself in the imaginings of her mind, as her face has taken that wishful expression that Steve’s come to associate with her reminiscing about Tony. The elevator’s doors opening startle her and she shakes herself a little as Steve and Rhodey start walking out of it, still guiding her as she hasn't let go of their arms yet.
Tony, who was looking everywhere but at Steve, suddenly directs his gaze towards him and his manic energy comes to a halt.
Steve’s voice cuts through the air once again and Tony forgets about talking raccoons and possible brain damage due to oxygen deprivation and tries to focus his attention on Steve without having to look at him, trying not to make it too obvious.
So, he does have more than enough clothes and yet he is still wearing Steve’s. And Natasha was more than right, Tony thinks while he looks around the room he shares with Steve, there is nothing on the floor: no shirt, no socks, not even discarded shoes. Steve enjoys a clean space, the feeling of looking around and seeing everything in place and in turn, in the last year, he has somehow passed that along to Tony. He finds himself being more careful and picking up regularly after himself and the only space that is still the uncontrollable mess that it always has been is Tony’s workshop but Steve gave up on it a long time ago, declaring it an utter lost cause.
If it wasn’t a true accident, if Tony did not just dress with the first thing he encountered, did he really put on the clothes on purpose? Did he rummage around the closet and pick out some of Steve’s clothes to wear? Why would his subconscious do that?
Tony’s dietary choices are still very limited because not every food sets well in his stomach but when he looks in the mirror he can tell he’s slowly but surely gaining back some of the weight he lost during his time on space.
Tony laughs as Steve continues to deliver brief bites to the skin of his neck and jaw, making him squirm.
Each and every single one of these people Tony is looking towards to lost someone a year ago. It’s statistics, mathematics, the simple fact that half the population died and that means all of the other remaining half of the planet had to suffer the consequences too.
And Natasha starts gently shaking her head, once, and then twice, and then again and again and again, looking like a little girl that’s endlessly lost.
But even if he had shared it, would they have believed him? He saw this coming once and yet no one ever really gave him the time of day.
“Hey, Tony,” Bruce greets, his voice a little deeper than normal but as soft as Bruce normally sounds. “This is it, I guess.”
Tony furrows his brow as he walks back over to Steve and hands him his drink. As he retakes his seat next to him Steve continues explaining.
She’s going to be flying directly to Japan for Stark Industries business and they both decided it wasn’t necessary for Tony to go there with her. He’s been working on some R&D designs for the company and he’s scheduled to have a meeting with some engineers next week in the City to start developing some of them but the business intricacies of SI are more and more lost on him these days.
Steve rolled his eyes at the ridiculous nickname but started to think about it. He looked around the streets that surrounded them, trying to memorize the best hiding places, vantage points and escape routes. For a quick moment his mind wandered to what his life could have been like if he had really decided to join the military like he had planned to do when he was a teenager instead of finally deciding on art school. It was only a fleeting thought, though, gone as quickly as it had appeared, and Steve focused back on the task.
“How about we make a pact?” Tony announces a little suddenly and a little too loudly, startling Steve.
Thor’s presence is unsettling, erratic at times. He has ups so up that he almost seems to be the same as always, and downs so down Tony is scared to even leave him alone.
He moves his hand away and only then realizes Steve’s eyes had been completely focused on his finger and, for some reason, this only serves to anger him more, having Steve’s complete attention when he didn’t have it in the moments he needed it most.
He’s human and there’s someone he mourns. He’s human and there are regrets he has. He’s human and he’s struggling to figure out what to do next, just like the rest of the participants of the group.
Maybe it was being over nine thousand miles away from New York, by now a lot more than just his safe space. Maybe it was the constant and full schedule he had to abide by during the trip. Maybe it was stepping into his businessman persona after having been away from it for so long. Maybe it was missing Steve with all he had.
Tony can’t take the separation any longer and, with a little trepidation because he doesn't want Steve to pull away or stop talking, he reaches over and takes one of Steve’s hands in his.
“I will,” he says, before retreating and leaving Stark’s best friends to listen to dozens more of consolations, well wishes and words of regret that won’t bring their Tony back to them.
“Look, don’t tell the others, okay?” Tony pleads. “I’m honestly fine with having the party. They’ll have fun!”
The shared breakfast continues in the same fashion for the next five or ten minutes, with Tony getting up once to refill his Captain America mug and starting to feel human enough to start a conversation with Bruce. The grape competition seems to have moved to be between Natasha and Thor with Clint as the referee when Steve finally joins them.
Tony clears his throat, this time looking away himself. “And clean this up, don’t make the cleaning service do it.”
Her hand moves towards his again but before she can touch him her face sets in a grimace, only for a fraction of a second, and her hand freezes, halfway between him and nothing.
“Sorry for interrupting,” Tony says as he walks closer to Steve. He stops once he’s only a few feet away from him, enough so that Butterfingers can wheel back and forth between them as they speak.
“I don’t want it to be true. I don’t want this to be the way things are,” Steve confesses and the words sound rough and low in his voice. “I’ve accepted that it isn’t our fault, my therapist can’t quite believe it but I have.”
“He’s not doing well,” Bruce announces and although they knew about it having the confirmation from Bruce feels like a dagger to the chest.
He leans forward on his chair and leaves the glass he was holding on the table, using his now free hand to run it through his hair.
Steve closes his eyes and tries to forget for a minute that he can feel the shape of his Stark-phone pressed against his ear. He desperately wants to believe he is back at home, in Tony’s penthouse, cuddling with him in what has already become
Bucky’s body was lost somewhere in a mountain just as Stark’s body is now lost somewhere up in space, floating aimlessly and with no way of ever being returned home.
Slowly, so Tony can refuse him if he wishes, Steve starts moving his hands towards Tony’s hips. Sensing no sign of rejection on Tony’s demeanor and reading no objection on his facial expression Steve places his wide hands on Tony’s slender frame and gingerly picks him up, making Tony place his hands instinctively on Steve’s shoulders.
Natasha’s yell echoes around the living room and it halts Steve in his process of getting up to face Clint. As if magnetized, Steve’s body falls immediately onto the couch again, this time closer to Tony, their thighs and shoulders touching in wordless support.
“Good,” Tony replies as he walks into the room even though Natasha hasn't instructed them to. “We came so you could babysit us.”
“I don’t want you to think that just because I’m offering that means you’ve got to take it,” Tony clarifies.  “Just like the first time this is only an offer, not an imposition. But I also don’t want you to think that if you accept it that means you need to go back to being Captain America right away.”
Steve stops, having run out of breath while speaking and needing to take in a big gulp of air to fill his lungs. He doesn’t continue speaking after, though, he just lets the last question go on unfinished. He’s looking directly at Tony, his head turned to the side even though his body is still facing forward. The intensity of his gaze is overwhelming, and if Tony was standing he’s pretty sure he would have been knocked off his feet by it.
Barton’s disappearance and subsequent return as a rogue vigilante had shocked all of them but it had, of course, hit Natasha the most as they had put the pieces of his work together and come to the conclusion it had to be him.
This time when Tony glares at him Steve just shrugs sheepishly and smiles innocently. Tony narrows his eyes further but one of the corners of his mouth is suspiciously twitching, like Tony’s having trouble containing a smile.
There have been no resurrections, no come backs, no reunions or rebirths. The people that were gone are still gone and no miracles loom in the horizon waiting to be performed.
He’s scared, that’s what’s happening. Steve’s scared of this new change in his life because, historically, changes haven’t particularly been easy for him.
His hands ache and he has to constantly flex his fingers just to be sure he still has mobility in them. His feet hurt when he spends more than 30 minutes on them and his entire legs tingle unpleasantly  no matter how much he massages them. But the worst part of it all are the headaches. They’ve been getting progressively worse and they make it unbearable to even try and think.
The dream had ended pleasantly and slowly, unlike so many other dreams that find him ripped out of them before he’s ever ready to leave.
“And I might be a little biased here,” Steve goes on. “But I think you deserve complete happiness, Tony. Whether that comes from being with someone who completely suits you and understands you or from never stepping out of the Iron Man suit. You deserve to be happy, Tony.”
There are other people that plague Tony’s sleeping thoughts, sometimes sharing dreams with Peter, sometimes starring on movies of their own.
When Bruce reaches him, he positions himself so that he’s blocking the sun and Tony can look up at him comfortably.
Natasha sips at her wine absentmindedly as she stands, her hips cocked and one of her elbows resting behind her on the marble counter. To almost anyone else in the world it could look like Natasha is trying to avoid answering Tony’s previous question but Tony knows better. She is definitely bracing to answer it as honestly as possible. That takes courage, that takes patience. That takes Natasha a little bit of time.
It’s almost like Steve thought if he didn’t get the words out fast enough he would never be able to say them at all.
He will miss its serpentine streets, so beautiful and full of color. He will miss eating gelato at all hours even when it had probably been too cold to be doing so. He will miss its history and its importance seeping into its every pore, every step taken feeling like a mark made in the universe. He will miss its food, so rich in flavor and so deeply fulfilling.
Tony is so focused on his tablet’s screen that he doesn’t hear the distant sound of a door closing, neither does he hear the approaching steps coming his way. He’s made aware of the presence of another person in the room when a looming figure settles in his peripheral vision.
Tony opens his eyes again and stares straight into the helmet, imagining those aren’t lifeless eyes staring back at him.
As the second week of September settles in, however, Steve grows busier very quickly, mostly due to the start of his classes. He’s starting his first year of social work in a small community college 35 minutes away from the Compound, even though Tony tried to convince him to go “bigger, brighter, wealthier”. That added up to him still attending group therapy, his sessions with his psychologist and other volunteering work he involves himself with, means Steve suddenly has very minimal time to make for Tony.
He’s seen him furious, and apathetic, and comfortable, and confused, sometimes even playful and teasing in the rare times when the old team would get together and spend some downtime in each other’s company that had nothing to do with saving the world or protecting it.
The image comes so quickly to his mind it’s almost frightening, as if it had always been there, bidding its time, waiting for Tony to finally let his guard down and let it in.
Rhodey has once again had to leave Tony alone, this time due to an urgent meeting being called in the White House, a meeting that Rhodey knew he had to attend if he didn’t want to military to come knocking down the door of the Avengers Compound, no matter how many times Tony reminded him the doors could take the assault.
Pepper’s been calling him and Rhodey has texted him more than once to ask him for a spar or a drink but Steve’s has made terrible excuses to both, excuses he knows neither of them believe.
“What normal?” Natasha challenges. “We don’t have a normal, Tony. Is our normal being friends? Is our normal being in love? Is our normal being a little bit of both and a little bit of neither? It just…”
Steve’s never been bad at texting -at least not in the last few months when it has come to keeping in touch with Tony- but he’s never truly been the one to initiate it. He’s also never truly been the one visibly straining to keep the text convos going.
It comes and goes and not a single one of them take note of it. They move like it’s any other day, they talk like it’s any other day, they eat like it’s any other day.
Tony hasn’t seen much of either of them this week and he’s both grateful and irritated that they gave Pepper and him some space to be on their own. The irritation comes from the idea that maybe if they had acted more as a buffer for them things wouldn’t have become so difficult between them. He knows it’s unfair and he also knows it’s not even true.
But above all, above everything else anyone could ever think about him, the most important word for Steve can only be Tony’s.
“Some of them are different, sometimes. Not so much about changing how things went with Thanos but just how things went in general. What if I had found Bucky sooner? What if I had told you the truth about your parents? What if I hadn’t dragged Sam into all of this?”
He knows she wants to be able to accompany Bruce but her demands are too great here for her to leave them all behind, even if just for a few days.
“Yeah, right.” Bucky gibed but Steve wasn’t paying attention. He was still trying to figure out where he had heard the man’s name before. Tony.
“You mean…,” Tony says and then trails off, even though he’s pretty sure he understands what she’s saying without using words.
“I honestly can’t understand what you’re saying,” Steve confirms. “I know I’m not your kind of genius but goddamn it, I don’t understand. Bad decision? Ruin us? What is it that you can’t talk to me about because it could ruin us? What…?”
Sometimes it’s unplanned moments they share: all of them almost miraculously walking into the kitchen to have breakfast at the same time, them all feeling the need to go outside and take a walk around the Compounds premises and finding each other on their paths,…
With the hand that is still holding Tony’s Steve pulls, but not harshly enough to hurt Tony or stretch his shoulder too much, just enough to encourage Tony to move and get him to his feet.
Sure enough, when Tony looks to the side towards the less cluttered part of his workshop he can spot one of the sticks burning away slowly and only emitting a very faint trail of smoke. Steve is always very adamant about not placing the incense anywhere near what he considers to be dangerous surroundings even though Tony has told him a million times that the chances of there ever being a fire in his workshop are slim to none.
There isn’t a reversal for the Decimation, Tony has come to terms with that no matter how much it hurts.
“Government officials, law enforcement agencies and international committees are all calling for this,” she’s explained.
Through the haze of sleepiness Tony hears Steve’s voice but he’s not sure if it came from the man himself or from a dream Tony’s brain is already conjuring up.
Something must show on his face because Tony’s own expression changes quickly only by looking at Steve.
Steve notices he’s standing awkwardly in the middle of the room so he walks towards the work bench, making Tony turn again in his chair and leaving the table between them.
Tony raises his head and looks in the direction of the kitchen exit pondering about the abruptness of Steve’s departure. There are few places where Steve could have headed after leaving, only a handful of places where he feels completely safe and could have gone to protect himself, to stitch the broken pieces of his soul back together.
“It hurt, yeah, and it was a shock to know that they had been murdered but…” Tony has to stop to take a deep breath through his mouth and to gather himself before the tears he can feel gathering in his eyes fall. “You knew, Steve. You knew.”
The battle is over but he’s still a leader and it’s his duty to make sure even the people that didn’t make it get the respect they deserve.
Tony walks to the kitchen to get himself a glass of water and another couple of pieces of pepperoni pizza. He’s gone for less than a minute but when he comes back Carol -who is on Earth on official universal Avenger business- is hanging off of Bruce’s left arm, her feet maybe 5 feet off the ground. She’s laughing as she dangles her body back and forth and Tony realizes in that moment this is the first time he has ever seen her laugh. It makes sense, of course, given that most of their communication still happens through Natasha and it’s almost always Decimation and/or Avengers related. But the way her smile makes her whole presence seem lighter reminds Tony that they’re all people whose lives and identities are much more than what Thanos first reduced them to.
Steve quickly kneeled and took another one of his already prepared snowballs in his hands. He stood up and saw Natasha making her way to Sam. She was still far enough from Sam to be a good lone target so Steve rapidly aimed and threw his snowball at her.
“I do understand, you know? I get your worry. And I guess in some way I should find it flattering that you worry this much, because that proves how important it is to you,” Steve says. “But I know two things about this. Only two certain things. The first is how I feel about you. I’m so certain of that.”
Before, Natasha was the closest thing Steve had to a right-hand man but he didn’t feel like he could completely let go of all his inhibitions and lean on her. It wasn't that he didn't trust her because he did, no doubt in his mind about it. It was something else that was holding him back, some unseeable and unexplainable pull that never let him give up that much control of himself and of his team.
When they separate Tony is the one to let out a croon that warms Steve up from the tip of his toes to the top of his head.
Things don’t change much around the Compound with the addition of Thor to its residence, at least not in the first few weeks.
They’re both still learning, but as they spend more and more time together they’ve become better at reading the other, or at least these new versions of themselves that had grown and developed during the two years they hadn’t spent together at all.
The few group sessions they’ve attended together have been centered around discussions of grief and acceptance, Tony having noticed in each one of them the careful maneuvering around any ideas of reestablishing the past but also of moving on towards the future. It’s like most of the people were trying to live while suspended in an ambiguous limbo of time. Not quite the past and not quite the future.
Steve’s super-hearing must be letting him know that Tony is still standing there, right outside his field of vision, stuck and paralyzed making no moves to join him or walk away.
They’re about to finish the carton and Tony goes to say as much when he notices, but the sight in front of him makes him halt. The ice cream is quickly melting and every time one of them goes to take a spoonful now they’ve got to be careful not to spill any on the table or themselves. This time it’s Steve’s turn and Tony watches as he leans forward, placing his left hand under the spoon to bring it to his mouth with his right one. Some of it does drip down his chin and Steve cleans it up with the back of his hand instead of grabbing a napkin. It should be gross, or funny, or ridiculous to look at, but Tony feels irremediably fond. Steve isn’t looking at him, too busy checking his t-shirt and pants for any signs of a bigger spill, but Tony knows if Steve looked up now he wouldn't be able to hide it away.
“I had such a bad day,” Tony confesses, the memories of the day before weighting heavy on his mind. “One of the worst ones I’ve had in a very long time. I was so caught up in that. I wouldn’t have reacted the way I did in another situation.”
Tony rolls his eyes at the scene but he knows he doesn't do a very good job of hiding his joy at Steve’s natural way of interacting with his bots. Pepper and Rhodey have both known the bots for years and they’ve gone out of their way to play with them once or twice but Steve treats them in the way Tony knows he does. Like they’re more than what they look. Like they’re human no matter how non-human they appear to be.
Natasha and Bruce are a big part of their process as well and Tony finds that the little changes that happen within him ripple out to bring changes in the group dynamic. It’s easier to understand Natasha’s need for constant movement and it’s also easier to understand that there are days she can’t move at all. His anxiety about Bruce’s obsessive work into the Hulk and other super-powered projects gets more manageable and he even achieves having a conversation about it with him to point out his concerns.
He was right before, too. She is being more open with him, more approachable and real, and it’s all a response to his own disposition.
“He once almost blew up the entire chemistry building,” Rhodey reminisces. “And I remember him just showing up to our dorm covered in ash and his hair sticking up like a real mad scientist. But he had the biggest grin on his face! I thought the guy was crazy!”
Tony misses Steve and the easiness of finding time to spend together, but life is life is life. And if it makes him cling a little bit tighter every time he’s able to hug Steve, Tony just hopes Steve isn’t put out by it.
This is the time, almost two weeks after Tony first appeared at Avengers’ Tower, that Steve finally comes to term with it.
Tony’s attention gets pulled back to the happenings around him and he focuses his gaze on Steve’s back. He is wearing a simple black suit and Tony is having trouble associating this side of Steve with the man he’s accustomed to. It’s understandable that Steve wouldn’t show up at the White House in sweatpants and a hoodie, but Tony’s so used to watching Steve walk around the Compound like that that it feels almost surreal to see him so dressed up now.
Time is irrelevant and he forgets to check how many hours pass as he pretends to be handling things well. It’s a minute and a year all in one.
The last conversation they had was full of empty threats and cutting remarks and deep hurt that was consuming Tony’s every nerve in his body and his soul: hurt for Rhodey’s precarious situation, hurt for Steve’s disregard of the teams’s well-being and Tony’s position, hurt for Natasha’s treachery.
Before Tony even realizes it’s happening, Steve spins them both over on the bed so Tony is lying beneath him. Steve doesn’t lie down on Tony, instead opting to stay on his knees so he can pull off his t-shirt and throw it away to the side.
His legs feel so heavy and his arms refuse to cooperate when he wills them to move. He opens his eyes before the sun’s even out but it takes him hours to actually get up. It’s like he’s underwater and he can somehow breathe but he can’t swim to the surface of the ocean. He’s trapped. He’s trapped and no one is there to save him. He can’t even save himself.
It has been difficult to tell, however, if the slight increase of hours of work she’s been doing has been due to Natasha burying herself in it to ignore other things or if it’s been a genuine spike of activity that has needed her added attention. This means it’s also difficult to tell if Natasha’s own isolation has been willing or unwilling.
Natasha’s face twists in pain and she purses her lips tightly, bringing a hand up to her face to run her fingers down the sides of her forehead, pressing them to her temples and giving herself a few seconds to breath.
The clockwise motions of his tongue on Tony’s rim make him gasp so Steve keeps at them for a while. Steve’s tongue breaching Tony’s hole makes him swear loudly, so Steve pulls it away only to bring it back in millimeter by millimeter. The addition of one finger as Steve keeps licking at Tony’s hole makes Tony groan so Steve tries his luck with two after adding more saliva to his rimjob.
It’s like a switch has been flicked on and the light is now illuminating every single part of Tony’s body that is in contact with Steve.
Tony swallows and his throat feels suddenly parched. He grabs his glass quickly and drinks all the water in it in one continuous gulp.
By the time the sun comes up Tony is standing by the room’s windows, looking towards the horizon at the expansive woods that surround the Compound. His eyes are heavy but his mind is actually clearer that it has been in at least 24 hours.
It’s there, Tony can feel it. In the air between their bodies, in the quiet rustling of the sheets when they move, in the parts of their skin where they’re touching. There’s a tension that is there and that is growing thicker with each passing second.
Their last four days in Rome have probably been Steve’s favorite of their entire tripe even though it’s really difficult to choose because every day felt perfect next to Tony.
“Things got a little out of hand in the kitchen and I didn’t want to leave them like that,” Tony says.
“I told you there could be revisions. We could have worked to make them more to our liking,” Tony reminds him.
Emotionally? Mentally? He can’t. It would be too much. There’s all this guilt weighing him down, heavier probably than his body. There’s also the exhaustion, not from lack of sleep but from abundance of living, maybe. The simple act of being here, of having all these voices inside his head, some of them real some of them not, telling him every single thing he could have done differently, pointing out each and every one of his failures.
Tony throws his head back, his breath catching in his throat and his hips rising from the mattress, chasing more contact with Steve’s body. He moves his hands away from Steve’s chest and wraps his arms around Steve’s waist so his hands can settle on his back. Slowly, he traces a path from the top of Steve’s back to his ass, grabbing onto it with both hands to push Steve’s lower body into his.
She’s walked towards his bed and she’s leaning into him without applying too much pressure to his chest or the rest of his body. She kisses his forehead gently and brushes a lock of hair away from the corner of his eye.
“Nat,” Tony whispers, his voice caught on his throat and his brain stuck trying to find the right words that he’s pretty sure don’t exist.
The man turned to face Clint, his face wet but his glare terrifying. “Thanks, Barton. Your help is deeply appreciated.”
Tony presses his lips firmly together as he swallows down and feels a bitter taste in his mouth. He opens his eyes slowly and finds Steve looking directly at him. His eyes look unsubdued and his face is set in a hard expression.
Bruce thinks of him as an understanding and open-minded man. Through their various debates and late nights watching documentaries they’ve created a resilient bond that, while not the closest or strongest in the team, isn’t any less important for them.
“Thank you, Mr. President,” Steve starts saying as the President retreats and leaves Steve alone at the podium with the microphone. “And thank you for inviting me to speak today. Thank you as well for letting the remaining Avengers participate in this memorial.”
He drums the fingers of his left hand against his thigh and tries to stay awake by singing several AC/CD songs to himself. He gets through “You Shook Me All Night Long” but loses track of things around the second verse of “Cold Hearted Man”.
Steve had explained to Tony, during the slower-paced parts of the film, that even though it had been over 7 years since he had been pulled from the ice and his initial plans had been to catch up with as much pop culture as possible, his situation during most of those years hadn’t actually been conductive for that.
Steve frowns and looks towards some of the cameras that are around the room, having picked up the habit of looking into them when he’s trying to pretend like he can create eye contact with JARVIS.
“I’m still scared,” Tony decides to confess, not willing to start this off hiding anything from Steve.
Steve has his favorite pictures of Tony - all saved up in his “TONY” folder- and Tony obviously has his favorite pictures of Steve -probably all collected in a folder named “STEVE-BABE” or maybe “CAPTAIN OF MY HEART”-, and it’s so absolutely wonderful that the pictures they both carry closest to their hearts are the ones that show them doing nothing but loving each other.
Steve was absolutely right about the meaning of the first text then. The angel and the heart-eyed face: Steve, an angel that Tony is very much in love with.
Maybe they were all doomed from the beginning, from that very first time the Avengers ever got together.
one of Steve’s own ones. Tony has been holding his breath during those past 10 minutes but Steve has made no sign of noticing.
“Guys,” Bruce sighs. “Seriously, thank you for offering. But I think it’ll be best if I just go alone.”
The rise and fall of his chest must tell Pepper he’s still awake because after half an hour of silence Pepper whispers his name in the dark.
Definitely not God, because Tony stopped believing in things like that a long time ago and Thor is way too worried about other things to be creating these challenges that only serve to make Tony’s life more difficult.
With arms shaking but a completely resolute face, Steve takes the shield from Tony and brings it close to his chest. He doesn’t hold it in the way he would do for battle or for real use, he holds it like someone might clutch a loved one after years apart. Like someone who’s gotten a part of themselves back.
Throughout his adulthood Tony can admit his eating habits haven’t been as healthy as they should have, much to JARVIS’ annoyance, back in the day. He’s subsisted on mostly precooked meals, sandwiches, ordering from New York’s greasiest restaurants and smoothies.
And Steve. Steve as he’s cooking while Tony sits quietly at the table. Steve enraptured while watching movies. Steve on his bad days, quiet, withdrawn and then trying to put a smile on his face as if that’s going to fool any of them.
When he gets to the ‘shop he can see Tony through the clear glass and he’s glad to see he doesn't seem to be working so Steve walking in won’t disturb anything important. Tony actually seems to be talking to the bots, who are all positioned in a row one next to the other and are as still as Steve’s ever seen them, like they’re intently listening to Tony.
They’re both laying down on bed, Steve’s back against the mattress and Tony perched on his lap, his thighs to both sides of Steve’s hips. Tony is still wearing his suit pants and Steve has a pair of sweatpants on, so the contact between their lower bodies is happening through four layers of clothing but it still feels magnificent.
“We can talk another time, Cap. You just had an anxiety attack and I don’t think it’s wise to be doing this now,” Tony explains.
Natasha scoffs ruthfully. “A few weeks ago I would have said I just wished we could really try to be together. Now all I wish is that the possibility had never been there.”
Tony has rarely seen him in the couple of weeks since Natasha brought him back with them and he knows the same can be said for Steve and Bruce. Even Natasha is getting limited contact with him, only being able to get close to him when he leaves his room of his own volition, never being allowed in.
“Good, great,” Tony says hastily. “So what was I saying, then? Oh yeah, I remember now. I was saying that you loving me? That’s not a problem at all. It won’t ever be a problem. I’m on my way to loving you too, that’s what I was saying, right?”
A soft touch to his shoulder is what starts anchoring him back, what puts his wailing and battered soul back into his body.
Tony feels a shudder all the way from his neck to his toes. Hearing Steve so out of breath feels empowering, both because it’s so much more difficult to get a super-soldier like that and because it’s Steve that’s panting because Tony’s kissing him.
But slowly Steve’s face starts to shift and although some shifts are too quick for Tony to catch he can see that much of it has to do with Steve processing everything that’s happening. Steve’s truly thinking things through and although Tony isn’t privy to Steve’s private thoughts he hopes Steve is at least being kind to himself and everything he’s been through.
On September 25th the day starts like any other and Tony prepares himself to figuratively cross off another day of the year. There is nothing to indicate that the day won’t be as normal as the last, no storming looming on the horizon, no warning bell or signal.
“You’re a fucking pain in the ass,” Steve declares as he takes a pillow and throws it at Tony, who easily dodges it.
There are things Tony knows both of them have never said out-loud being confessed. There are things Tony knows neither of them have even dared to think about being discussed.
Touch is always something that has aided Tony in keeping in touch with reality. He craved it as much as he feared it after Afghanistan. He got used to having it regularly when he was with Pepper. He’s used it both as an armor and as a lifesaver.
Steve wastes no time in exiting the workshop. He opts to use the stairs instead of the elevator, knowing that if he uses his full speed he will get there faster that JARVIS could ever take him.
“Maybe you will but I know I won’t,” Steve corrects him, opening he cutlery drawer and grabbing two tablespoons.
“We’re adults. And we’re still friends,” Natasha states, moving some of the lettuce around her plate and stabbing a tomato with her fork a little too forcefully, in Tony’s opinion. “We can still work together without feelings getting in the way.”
And so Tony and Steve spend the day together in a home also inhabited by a Norse God and an ex-spy/archer who don’t make themselves known or seen in hours upon hours.
Tony brings a hand over to his chest when he feels a painful weight setting on it. He closes his fist over the left side of his chest, as if trying to grip his heart with it. if only he could… Then maybe he’d be better off.
Tony breathes in and lets the tension of the previous day slip away. There will be other bad days, they’ve both acknowledged, but they’re on the same side of things, now and always.
These people’s opinions and judgements have grown to sustain Steve through his every day living, they’ve become as important to him as Bucky’s support and friendship, or Peggy’s belief and love once were and still are to this day.
“Everything, I guess,” Steve replies. “I’m apologizing for not apologizing sooner. I’m apologizing for not coming to you before to see how you were doing. I’m apologizing for the way I handled things back then and Siberia. I’m apologizing for not being there with you when you fought Thanos and that we had to lose so many people because we weren’t a team. I’m apologizing for not believing you when you told us this was going to happen. I’m apologizing for—“
Steve can spend forever ignoring his needs, his feelings, his weaknesses. Steve can spend forever ignoring himself. But Steve never, not even for a second, ignores Tony and anything that might have to do with him.
Tony lives in a world where there is little rest to be had until he can bring back the people he lost.
Tony nods and finally looks into Steve’s eyes. “Yeah, sorry. I just remembered I had a call with Rhodey tonight,” he improvises. “Can’t believe I forgot.”
“That’s what Sam used to call it,” Steve explains. “Natasha said it was just an above-average kept lumberjack beard, though.”
When she looks up from the electronic device she notices Steve sitting down next to Tony’s bed and she stops dead in her tracks.
He goes on with his normal post-workshop routine, taking his Captain America mug and filling it to the brim with black, strong coffee. The mug was supposed to be a joke, never to be used, but when he gave Steve an Iron Man one and told him, “See, now we are the cutest couple to ever couple”, waving around his Captain America one, how was he to know that Steve would really start using it? But Steve does, and Steve loves it, and it’s only because Tony loves Steve that he started using his too. (And also because it is a cool, vintage cup, ok? But whatever.)
She starts walking to leave the room and when she’s next to Steve she stands on her tiptoes as he leans down a little so she can also give him a kiss.
“I know it’s difficult,” Tony whispers, feeling like it is important that he doesn't disturb the stillness of the moment. “You once asked me for time, months ago, and I’ve been giving it to you. But it’s been a year and… You need to talk to me.”
“This goodbye video is so terrible, oh my god. I’m sorry for this too. I just wanted to let everyone know that it’s okay, that I’m fine. Whenever you guys receive this -
That leaves Natasha, Steve and Tony still standing around the little coffee table in the living room, a glaringly empty space next to Tony staring back at them.
Bucky was the first to move and leave their hiding place. He proceeded carefully, his eyes alert, looking for a sign of either of his enemies. He walked the street in what to an outsider would look like an aimless pattern but Steve knew better. He was a distraction.
It’s so much like everything that’s been playing for the past year and yet nothing like the TV has ever shown since the Decimation.
He moves, walking around the table and taking the long way out of the room simply to avoid having to pass Steve’s position on the sofa. He’s not walking slowly but he’s making sure to project a casualness he doesn’t truly feel and he thinks years of media handling make him an expert at it.
They’re three very busy days but the hectic nature of them is not actually what keeps Tony from telling his friends. He knows that Natasha and Steve suspect something, but the moment he finally says it out-loud, the moment it’s not just something they can guess but something he confirms, that is the moment everything becomes completely real.
Rationally, Tony knows he has gone through far worse things than this one sleepless night. But this one sleepless night feels like it can change his entire future. And Tony’s not so sure it would be for the better.
Natasha buries her face between Tony’s shoulder and neck. She makes no sound but Tony feels unmistakable wetness on his skin.
Steve’s head shoots up from where he was looking down at his knees. Tony’s eyes are set on Steve and his face holds no anger, disgust or weariness like Steve would have imagined. His expression looks calm and soft.
“I love you,” Steve says, a little breathless. Short and concise. So honest it’s almost painful. “I’ve loved you for quite some time now.”
“He’s dead?” Tony waits for Steve’s nod of confirmation. “And there’s no way to bring them—? We can’t bring them back?”
Steve blinks at her, surprised at being considered in the situation. He feels touched once he internalizes the question and it makes him smile back at her.
Tony lives in a world where there is no rest to be had because the people he lost and the people he’s kept still haunt him.
Tony knows better than to think Steve would ever judge him for his dark spells, his nightmares, his fears or his anxieties. Just like he’d never resent Steve for the times when he’s at his lowest he’s confident in Steve’s support through his own bad times.
Pepper soon exits the bathroom and Tony moves his eyes away from the ceiling to look at her as she starts changing into her night clothes.
Steve tries to think what he would have told Stark if he were here but the pain is surprisingly too raw when he wonders about it for too long.
“Please make sure she's okay today,” he practically begs and then runs off, leaving Steve and Tony looking at each other, confused and anxious.
Tony hasn't recovered by the time he leaves the room so he doesn’t have time to answer who’s ever spoken to Rocket about him.
“I was afraid for you and selfishly for me too. I was afraid for Bucky. I was confused and I took the easy way out. At the time it would have been more difficult to talk things through and face the situation head on so I ignored it, that’s what I did. Like it would disappear and stop being a problem if I didn’t speak of it.”
The table bobbles as Tony rapidly stands and knocks into it with his thighs. Bruce and Rhodey reach over to keep their glasses from spilling while turning to look at him, just as Natasha and Steve do. Steve’s hand is hovering in the air, like he started reaching for Tony but stopped halfway through and now doesn't know what to do with it.
Tony knows everything isn’t solved, he knows it isn’t as easy as wishing a problem away. But he’s learned to take his victories where he can get them.
The sentence is phrased like a question but Tony isn’t sure if he’s making sure that is Steve’s desire or is he is asking for permission.
“Don’t you talk to me about the state of the world,” Clint’s raised voice sends a shock down Tony’s back.
“Good,” Steve says. “So maybe… Maybe we can just start by kind of… I don’t know… The whole Accords business? Maybe… The Bucky thing?”
When Tony turns to look at Bruce it hurts him to see the man look so dumbstruck. It’s looks as if someone had punched him in the stomach and he had been forced to exhale all air inside his lungs and then forgotten to breathe again.
Tony lets out a laugh and Nebula must be suffering from a severe case of sleep deprivation because a smile overtakes her face, small, yes, but she lets it stay there for long seconds.
When Steve sits next to him the bed hardly bounces, the mattress too hard for that. The space between their thighs is minimal and Tony feels it in his bones.
This is closer than they’ve been in months, even closer than the two times they have had sex this week, Tony thinks. It may not be objectively accurate but maybe it feels that way because this is definitely the closest they’ve been emotionally.
the Saturday mornings they can spend in the kitchen debating the merits of Oreos over Pop Tarts (Clint still has to win one of these recurring, heated debates against Thor). He actually
It’s a testament to how engrossed he is in his musings that he doesn’t hear the elevator’s door opening and Tony’s steps as he enters the living room and gets closer to the couch.
Pre-Afghanistan, he’d wear suits, lean and expensive suits that hugged his form and screamed to the world the power he could have over them. He’d wear suits during meetings and parties and personal affairs because in a way, they felt like an armor. They’d protect him and create a barrier between his real self and the persona everyone saw. In the suits there was arrogance, confidence and charisma, out of them he was just Tony.
This kind of moments -moments charged with some kind of meaning Tony isn’t ready to decipher yet- have been happening a lot lately between them since Tony’s birthday and Tony is elated and terrified at the same time. There’s power in their interactions and there’s fire in them too but power and fire are potentially destructive and Tony is at a point in his life where risking the things that are important to him isn’t something he’s willing to do.
“So many things had happened to you then and so many things have happened since then and I just… I feel like this is the right time. Now. Finally.”
A little less than year ago Tony was waking up to Steve crying on him, resting his head dejectedly on his bed and letting Tony see him at his lowest. But in that moment Tony doesn't think Steve was making a conscious choice to trust Tony with his everything. The pain was so overwhelming Steve’s defenses had obviously given way and had not been able to withstand the blows any longer. He had simply broken down and there had been nothing he could have done about it.
3AM thrusts him violently into sleep, between one breath and the next. It’s not gradual or ordered, it’s surprising and new every time. The last time he calmly went into Morpheus’ arms was back in the recovery room, when his body had no choice but to succumb to oblivion based on how tired it was. Since then it’s been like a battle between all of his neurons to see which one can knock him out in the most vigorous way possible.
“And who knows?” Pepper comments, a playful and at the same time sad glint in her eyes. “Maybe he would have made you fall madly in love with him. You would have been such a power couple.”
Clint tries to stand from his position on the couch but Natasha grabs his shoulder, pushing him down and preventing him to do so as she takes a seat next to him.
Pepper and him reach the bedroom and he opens the door, letting her in and then closing it behind him.
The picture is goofy and Tony thinks it’s so fitting of them both. Tony had just given Peter some kind of diploma that had to do with the internship cover they still maintained even after Peter’s aunt found out about Spiderman. They had actually spent most of that morning together, Tony remembers, in Tony’s lab, working on updates and upgrades for Peter’s suit together.
It’s easier than his friendship with Rhodey. Easier than his one-sided conversations with the bots.  Easier than playing around with ideas for new technology. Easier than getting lost on a new project. Easier than wanting to change the world.
Carol comes to tell him she has to leave Earth to go do recon on other planets. She tells him she will keep in touch and to make sure they call her if they feel like they need her help.
The elevator ride is short and when they stop in the common floor and the doors open Steve takes Tony’s right hand and drags him gently out of it and starts walking them towards the living room.
Bruce pauses and he takes another gulp of water. Tony has got so many questions racing through his mind and he wants to help Bruce along to find the easiest and quickest way to explain himself but he stays silent instead. There’s something that makes this feel like something Bruce deserves to find on his own.
Steve lets himself be manhandled and he lets his movements happen because Tony wants them to. He lowers himself on his elbows, bringing his face closer to Tony’s and attaching their lips. As their bodies make sinuous waves on the mattress, their lips move in a frenetic dance. Their kisses are wet and messy, spit trailing from Tony’s mouth to Steve’s when they separate to catch their breath.
“The biggest issue right now is the drinking,” Steve explains to him halfway through the trip during a video chat. “Thor is… He’s…”
“Why? Because you’re still not over what happened in Leipzig?” Natasha asks, incredulously. “We’ve all been working through that, Clint, and you would know that if you had been here. It’s been years and we’re not perfectly fine with it but it’s not something we use to hurt each other anymore so you don’t get to do it either.”
Finding help is sometimes not as easy as wanting to find it, but the first step is certainly one of the most important ones. Perhaps that is also why it can be one of the scariest ones.
Steve moves his hand away from Tony’s knee to make a fist and rub at his left eye. The action makes him look years younger than he actually is, it even makes him look a little innocent and small no matter how imposing his wide body actually is.
“There’s just so much to do around here,” Valkyrie explains, referring to the establishment of New Asgard. “We don’t have time to take care of him. And he’s not much help either so… I think he’d be better off with you.”
Thor usually sees the best in all people but Steve still feels happy to know someone like him considers Steve an honorable comrade and fellow fighter. Thor uses the word worthy to describe Steve like it holds a lot more meaning that he’s come to understand.
Tony doesn't see Steve’s face as he chuckles while they walk but a warmth still spreads through his chest at the sound of it.
The sun is shining strongly on the wooded areas around the Compound buildings and Tony can feel some drops of sweat travel down the length of his temple and his neck even though he’s sat under the extensive shade some trees provide. He dries some of the perspiration off of his forehead with the back of his wrist, once, twice, three times, but it doesn’t do much good.
Natasha takes a step back and dislodges Tony’s hand from her arm. Tony doesn’t think anything of it and he definitely doesn’t take offense, knowing Natasha is prone to needing her space and that when she feels uncomfortable she needs to feel in total control of her body and herself.
“I can build you all the gym equipment you need, baby. Just say the word,” Tony reminds him, as Steve brings him even closer to him, Tony’s body now in-between his legs.
It’s late at night, much later than Tony has grown accustomed to going to bed, and they’re alone in the kitchen. Rhodey insisted he wanted chocolate chip cookies and he was very stubborn about needing them to be made from scratch. Now, they’re waiting for the cookies to be ready to be taken out from the oven while they munch away at some of the leftover egg-less cookie dough.
“Maybe we could try another time?” Steve tries. “Pray to God that this time nothing life-threatening happens?”
ready but that conversation deserves a moment of importance on its own, just like this one does. Maybe this is the remembrance Peter deserves and maybe they’ll need to find the time to give Barnes the remembrance he does.
Tony sighs and Steve can see his shoulders drop considerably like his exhaustion has finally caught up to him.
Pepper incorporates and she starts walking backwards towards the door, not breaking eye contact with Tony for even a second.
Tony agrees because Peter was an orphan and, had he survived, he would have been left without any family once more.
Even after three weeks traveling through space Tony wouldn't consider himself an expert on it but one wouldn’t need to be to be able to catch the devastation the planet has suffered.
Afghanistan and space also stand for loneliness. Yes, there is the comparison of those two unlikely allies Tony couldn't have conjured in his mind in a hundred years, but the loneliness still eats away at him.
Sam was making such a rookie mistake, Steve thought. He was not paying attention to any of his surroundings and his sole focus was on Bucky. Steve had known that he’d be able to use Sam and Bucky’s weird rivalry to their advantage.
There are empty cardboard containers on the table from that Chinese place Rhodey and Pepper swear by. There’s an empty beer bottle in front of Rhodey while Pepper and Steve are sipping at their wine glasses leisurely. Tony’s just been drinking water but his cheeks still look flushed and Steve knows it must be a sign of his delight. Tony’s relaxed and having fun and his face is a perfect reflection of that. Steve swears Tony’s almost shining with joy and he believes he’s never seen anyone more beautiful. It’s an honor to be one of the few to see Tony like this.
He uses this position to move Steve’s upper body closer to his, as if trying to shield him, to protect him. Steve moves easily with him and he rests his head against Tony’s shoulder when he’s close enough to do so. This makes Steve’s head move slightly every time Tony so much as takes a breath so Tony’s especially careful not to jostle around too much.
Steve frowns a bit and he follows Tony’s lead, making himself more comfortable in the unfamiliar bed. He spares a thought for how they both should go clean up if they don't want to wake up sticky with their own come tomorrow but he ends up deciding against it. It won’t be the first time and it won't be the last. It’s worth it if only to spend a few more minutes talking to Tony.
One of Steve’s favorite leather jackets is hanging on a hook he placed there himself a couple of months ago. Back then Steve had said Tony’s coats and jackets didn't deserve the treatment of being thrown all over the place in whatever manner so he had bought the little white sticky hooks they sell on hardware stores and had installed them in under 10 seconds.These days the hooks are mostly used by Steve for his own outerwear or for the moments he gets exasperated when  visiting Tony and tidies up his clothes from all over the workshop.
But the Moon… Tony believes there’s a point in everyone’s life where the Moon succeeds at captivating your entire attention.
Steve finishes the last of the wine that was on his glass and moves to take the bottle from the table to serve himself some more.
you guys receive this-, I want you to know that it was peaceful, just like falling asleep. There’s so much more I wish I could have done but the fight is over for me now. It’s all up to you, to whoever it is that’s still out there. Part of the journey is the end and this is mine. I’m okay with it. But don’t let it be yours.”
He rushes through finishing his breakfast, leaving his coffee mug and plate on the sink for Steve to clean.
Tony’s jaw clicks shut and for a second it feels like he’s less able to gulp down oxygen here than he was back in the ship.
Tony’s lips lift to the right in a small, amused smile. Each time one of them speaks -each time one of them makes the other one feel anything other than the way they made each other feel last night- the thin, imaginary sheet is pierced.
It’s still a little instinctual to let Clint pounce on him and use him as an escape goat for all of his hurt and anger.
FRIDAY’s voice startles Steve enough that his body jumps a little in his seat, moving Tony with him.
It only took Steve about 5 minutes to come up with a plan and explain it to Bucky. It was simple and to the point, almost effortless.
The water is on the verge of being too hot, Tony’s skin reddening and turning more sensitive as he positions his body directly under the spray. He’s careful not to stick his head completely under the falling water, knowing his anxiety is too volatile at the moment and that it could trigger unpleasant memories he’s associated with water for years now.
The doubts and insecurities are still there, and Tony can’t confidently say a part of him doesn’t believe them. But with his nose touching Steve’s, their hands pressed where Steve’s heart beats rhythmically in his chest, and the feeling of a kiss that wasn’t but will be, Tony closes his eyes as well.
He snaps five or six shots before being completely satisfied with the end result and then he turns so that his back is against the glass windows, pressing the button on his phone that flips the camera to selfie mode.
(It has also made him become a better leader for the Avengers and Steve is so grateful for it that he can’t even put it into words.
“Maybe if I didn’t know you two it wouldn't be as obvious but your relationship with him has always been weirdly intense,” Rhodey explains. “I guess the way you’ve been talking about him while I’ve been away, the way you’ve hardly talked about him since I’ve been back and the looks you've been sending each other’s way… Yeah, it’s that obvious.”
A silence envelopes them both but Tony’s surprised at how it’s not particularly an awkward one. It also doesn’t feel comfortable, though. It’s a heavy but manageable silence and they let it stay there with them for a couple minutes, just basking in it.
But accepting Peggy wasn't the one for him didn't mean Steve opened himself up to the possibility that there really was someone out there for him. Someone to suit him and understand him, someone who would never cower to him but also wouldn't be dazzled by what he sometimes represents, someone he could share every single aspect of his life with, including the bizarre and the hard parts. Steve didn't dream about that any longer.
The good days were much different and they were spent inside the house. The good days were enjoyed entirely in pajamas or big, black t-shirts that let no grease stains show. They were spent with Jarvis in the kitchen just listening to him ramble about the cooking recipe he was trying that day or in his room, already filled with what were, probably, too many sharp objects for a kid his age.
Tony doesn’t move his body but he does move his head, turning it towards the place where Steve’s hand still rests on his shoulder.
“You’ve been telling me all about Clint, and Thor, and the whole issue with Nat and Bruce. What’s up with you and Steve, man?” Rhodey inquires.
His voice is muffled by the pillow and he’s pretty sure no human would have ever been able to understand a single thing of what he said but it’s proof of his genius that his AI makes out perfectly fine what Tony had pronounced.
Tony bends towards the floor to pick his tablet when he realizes it’s still on the floor. He grabs it and places it on the couch, next to him. The screen is still illuminated but Tony lets it go dark on its own.
Chapter 6 might take a little longer to get here because I have another project I'm planning on writing in September. Thank you so much for your patience, and your support and all the love you're giving this fic. It means the world <3
When he was a little boy he had tailors assigned to him, little tuxes and leather shoes prepared for any kind of Starks Industries event that he had to attend.
Natasha calls a impromptu meeting at 5pm on the second day of Thor’s and Valkyrie’s stay at the Compound and everyone who’s living -even if very temporarily- at the Compound is obligated to be there.
“I tried,” Tony sighs. “I tried and I failed, but I swear I tried.  it’s not enough, but I wish it was.”
The week passes and Tony keeps believing the party will happen and he’s still all smiles and excited cheers, and then eyes so dull and all sighs once he’s back in their bedroom.
“Indeed, Captain,” JARVIS confirms. “After Afghanistan Sir developed some anxiety problems and I learnt about it to help him to the best of my abilities.”
They were friends before, good friends, and Tony wants to do everything in his power to bring that back and gift Pepper -and himself- that small miracle.
The kiss is modest but long, a sweet drag of lips. Tony pulls back and pecks Steve’s bottom lip and then his top one.
Bruce’s comment is followed by his hand pointing at the t-shirt Steve is wearing and when the soldier looks at it and sees what Bruce means his reaction is one of genuine surprise. He turns red, the blush traveling all the way down his neck (and his torso as well, Tony knows without having to see it) and sputters non-sense for a while before closing his mouth and pressing his lips together, closing his eyes as if surrendering to his fate.
Although there had been something inside of his chest pushing him to keep the Avengers close and make them a part of his little world, and even though he granted them the dubious honor of being people he truly and deeply cared about, he had always done so better from a distance. He’d made them his estranged family of sorts.
“Trusting me and telling me that,” Steve answers. “I know it isn’t easy to let other people see you vulnerable. I especially know it isn’t easy for you and me.”
“Is it because I’ve had a bad day?” he asks, his voice sounding both upset and angry to his own ears.
Tony had relocated some of the people that had worked there back to other Stark Industries bases and only half of the usual buoyancy that had characterized the place in its greater days still moved the rhythm of the days there.
“I mean it,” Natasha confirms. “If I hadn’t, we wouldn’t be in this mess right now. If I hadn't, I wouldn't have wasted so much time. I wasted time waiting to see if something would happen, and then I wasted time worrying as things were happening. Later I wasted time waiting for him to give me a sign that he was even alive. And then I wasted time waiting to see if something would happen. Again.”
He always stays within Natasha’s and Rhodey’s orbits, however, both to reassure them and to step in should he feel like it was necessary. They’re two of the most competent people in the world though and don’t really need anything from him apart from his emotional support and friendship, or so they both affirm.
Steve knows what the sentence means - both literally, of course, and figuratively, which he knows would surprise some people, people who’ve got an incorrect and outdated idea of who he is. What he can’t quite understand or figure out is
There’s his right knee pressed into the side of Steve’s left thigh because of how Tony’s leg is bent. There’s the back of his right hand resting casually on Steve’s hip, where his soft grey t-shirt is riding up a little. It’s their shoulders pressed together, Tony supporting Steve and Steve supporting Tony. It’s Tony’s hair almost brushing Steve’s forehead in a way that Tony knows would be ticklish if he moved just an inch.
He turns without any preparation or fanfare and both his shirt and pants stretch to the extreme as his body grows. Tony wonders how many clothes Bruce now has that are Hulk-proof but his musings grow quiet as soon as he hears Thor’s boisterous laugh. It transforms his whole demeanor and it goes on for what seems like eons.
Tony’s face breaks out in a grin so big it makes his eyes squint a little and the subtle smiles lines around his eyes make an appearance. He extends the arm that’s closest to Steve and grabs Steve’s hand tightly, intertwining their fingers instantly. Steve finds it hard to swallow after that and his breath quickens slightly.
“Maybe I should have gone for you first, huh?” Clint’s voice gets crueler each sentence but it also lowers itself, coming out rougher. “You’re no better than all tho—”
He might not be excited about the idea of a social gathering with Pepper Potts and Colones James Rhodes but it does beat the other options he has for the night.
“I don’t pretend to know what it’s been like, okay? What you lost… I can’t…” Natasha chokes on her words and she brings her hands to her face rub her palms over her skin. “But you pushed me away, you didn’t let me help. You went off and you decided you knew what was best. That’s not how the world works and if you think it is maybe that’s why you still have so many problems with Tony regarding the Accords.”
But when Tony thinks about the dream there comes a time, normally after a couple of minutes reveling on the images of it, when the thought that these are now the only moments he gets to spend with Peter strikes him and punches all the air from his lungs.
“Okay, okay.” Steve laughs and just like that it feels like the curse that had been set between them finally breaks.
Steve’s brain conjures up a perfect rendition of the sounds Tony makes when Steve leaves any kind of semi-permanent mark on his body. Steve is not the only one who enjoys his slight possessive kink and Steve knows Tony would be bringing his head back to grant Steve an easier access to his neck. However, that’s not the part of Tony Steve would be most focused on if he had his boyfriend next to him.
“You know, I didn’t plan on revealing this but I hope you know I let you win every single time at paper football.”
When Tony picks up the Captain America shield it feels both heavier and lighter than it has ever been before.
Steve sits in front of Tony at the table and he accepts the sugar container to add three spoonfuls of it to his coffee. He begins slowly stirring it, his eyes focused on the circular movements of the spoon he holds.
When Tony thinks about the dream it brings such a joyous feeling to his chest that it makes him sure it will forever be his favorite dream. The imagined glimpses of Peter’s happiness, his innocence and his trust affect Tony so deeply it’s like still having pieces of Peter with him in his every day life.
If anyone had told him only a month before that this is how he would be acting when they got Tony back he wouldn't have believed them. For months he wished he could bring Tony back for Pepper and Rhodey. He dreamed of having Tony in battles with the team. He ached to be able to talk to Tony without any of the anger, miscommunication and pain they both had had during their interactions before Tony died. And now that all of those things are within his reach he’s the one who is retreating and hiding.
It takes them 3 trips to take everything back to the kitchen and they immediately start loading the dishwasher, a task that normally falls on Tony and Natasha seeing as how Steve and Bruce are the ones who do the cooking.
“Oh,” Pepper murmurs and then a laugh bubbles over on her throat and escapes even through the fingers that still cover her mouth. “Yes, yes, I remember.”
Tony doesn't say a word through all of Steve’s actions, now stubbornly refusing to break the silence when he was already the one who spoke first and he’s the one who’s actually used the most words out of the two of them.
Steve’s back is only covered by a white shirt now, the black jacket he was wearing before discarded haphazardly on the chair next to him. His shoulders rise and fall in time with his loud breaths and he has surprisingly not noticed Tony’s presence yet. That proves how far gone into his head Steve must be because it’s normally extremely difficult to get past his reflexes.
Pepper finishes her wine glass and tops it off again before motioning Steve to pick up his untouched one.
But cooking with Steve also comes to mean adventure. It’s searching for the most ridiculous recipe to try and recreate it and then coming back with questionable results.  Cooking with Steve also comes to mean familiarity in the way they both learn to move around each other in the kitchen, like dancers who have been practicing the same moves for years. Cooking with Steve comes to mean passion, passing the time when a food is in the oven with fervent kisses and gropes, Tony sat on the island and Steve in between his spread thighs.
Tony takes a step forward at the same time that Steve does, and he turns around so his back is to Steve. He moves his right arm first and puts it through the sleeve as Steve moves the coat so the shoulder of it settles on Tony’s own shoulder. Immediately after they repeat the action for Tony’s left arm and this time Tony has to hold onto the sweatshirt’s cuff so it won’t raise awkwardly through his arm and stay wrinkled under his coat.
Holidays, birthdays, anniversaries and any and every kind of special occasion hasn't been the same since the Decimation happened. It’s tragic and understandable. It’s also very unfair.
Everything becomes better and worse when Tony starts to feel Steve’s chest move against his back. It starts shaking and shaking and shaking. Steve’s grip is so forceful that Tony can’t turn around to look at him. It’s only when a huge burst of laughter resonates around the room that Tony understands.
“Wild party last night, huh?” Tony says when he’s in front of the couch, gesturing at the coffee table.
Years ago there would have been extensive and excessive coverage with news like that by the Avengers. There would have been channels praising them and glorifying their every action while other media outlets would have painted them as the true villains of the story.
“And I believe I even remember telling you this…” Tony’s voice trembles as his knees do too but he stays up, willing his body to last for just one more minute.
Natasha trails off as she shakes her head. She puts down her wine glass on the counter after one last gulp and she walks walk toward Tony, sitting next to him again.
As December 18th breezes past Tony realizes he hadn’t even been aware that the anniversary of his parents’ death had already happened two days before. This wouldn’t have surprised Tony two or three years ago; as he had started growing older and 1991 started getting further and further left behind Tony had felt its effects less and less every year.
Once he can see the message confirming that it has sent Steve types a message quickly to send after it.
His ride is waiting outside the building for him when Steve finally leaves the Tower and when he gets into the car Steve can still spot Tony through the glass looking at him.
Clint and Natasha were now walking a few steps ahead of them, holding hands and laughing at some story Clint seemed to be telling. Steve tried to subtly slow down his pace even more so he could really get a few minutes of Tony all to himself.
“And the way you fell for me? That’s not a problem, either. I’m honored, actually, that you saw in me someone worthy enough of your affection even when you thought I was already gone. It’s a little unconventional, not gonna lie, but our whole life is unconventional, Steve. What’s one more thing to add to the list?”
makes him a terrible person- but the idea of having to face her pain is hard, so hard it makes him almost wish he was back in space where he could still imagine her happy, if not in the present then in some hazy future where the hard things had already passed.
He can’t help but look over his shoulder as he’s making his way to the elevator to check just one last time that Tony is still there, in the flesh.
“I guess that would be convenient,” Steve considers. “But I already told you we’re not much of a team. And how would it benefit you?”
Finding out about Clint’s family had still smart, though. Not really because it felt like a betrayal or because he had been hurt Clint hadn’t trust him enough with his secret, more because of the fact that Tony hadn’t been able to find out for himself. It had gone completely over his head and Tony didn’t like the feeling of vulnerability that had left him with.
The joy is fleeting and it always leaves a bitter aftertaste, but Steve helps him with that too. He reminds him there is no shame in being alive and feeling every emotion possible. He reminds him the sorrow doesn’t disappear just because he laughs once. At times Steve tries to tell him maybe he deserves the disappearance of the sorrow, the overtaking of his happiness over the bad, but Tony isn’t yet ready for that so Steve quickly changes the subject every time.
Tony wouldn’t know how to correctly guess how much time Steve’s been like this now. Has he just sat down? Has he just started crying and is that why there’s so much force behind it? Or has he been at Tony’s bedside for hours, continuously sobbing on his own, all the sorrow inside him so strong that it’s still coming down in the form of waterfalls and thunder?
Tony, Natasha, Bruce, Rhodey. Even Pepper Tony knows, even though they haven't been talking that much lately. They’ve all been slowly but surely accepting the facts.
Realizing he’s been lost in thought for at least a couple of minutes and seeing Steve watching him intensely, Tony clears his throat and gestures towards the TV.
At some point before Tony made it down to the workshop Steve unbuttoned three of the top buttons of the shirt but other than that and the roughness that still shows in his face he looks just as put together as he did earlier in the day during the memorial.
Tony walks dragging his feet slowly to one of the kitchen chairs and sits down on it, placing his mug on the table and letting his head rest on it too, his body heavy and stiff, every cell of it feeling the 42 hours he has gone without sleep. He turns his wrists one way and then the other, curling and uncurling his fingers, trying to get rid of the numbness and tingles.
Steve didn't think he would but Stark made the ultimate sacrifice and he’s going to make sure his best friends know he died a hero.
Steve extends his arm, offering the gift to Tony. He feels like he’s moving through molasses when he reaches over and takes the package from Steve’s hand.
Hi, everyone. We are going through some trying times at the moment and I sincerely hope you're all healthy and safe.
“And all my children -and yeah go ahead, be smug, they are my children- JARVIS, the bots… they’re smitten, Steven, smitten,” Tony laughs. “You treat them like real people, you care about them. And they care about you back. How could I not start caring a little bit too?”
There had been a time when Tony would have constantly stressed out about it, about each day that got them closer to important dates, to relevant relationship achievements. Nowadays, time doesn't hold the same meaning it once did.
He’s not sure he knows who he is anymore and he has no one around to remind him. Bucky’s gone. Peggy’s alive, but he’s been so afraid to go see her again after the first time he visited her when it only served to break his heart and confuse her mind. Every single one of the Commandos is dead, too.
He’s been avoiding everyone at the Compound especially hard since his hearings started and considering his thoughts on Tony on a good day no one would have bet on him joining them to celebrate the man himself.
There is surprise and there is predictability in seeing Steve through the glass. He’s sitting on the floor, in the middle of the room, DUM-E, Butterfingers and U surrounding him.
When Tony has calmed down enough to let his head fall back onto the pillows and close his eyes Rhodey moves his hands away, but even through his closed eyelids Tony can sense him still standing up next to him.
“I always understood why you did what you did and why you said what you said,” she declares. “I was truly on your side, Tony.”
“You’re sure I look okay like this?” Tony asks, gesturing at his outfit. “I feel a little…. underdressed.”
(It helps, hearing Rhodey speak about Tony in the way he knows Bucky would speak about him. It helps knowing that maybe in another life Tony and Bucky could be the one commiserating and remembering Rhodey and Steve.)
It takes about 20 seconds for Steve to raise his head a little bit from where he had been looking at the floor and Tony thinks this is probably the best moment to make his presence known. Steve seems a little more alert than only seconds before and that’s what gets Tony acting.
From the corner of his eye Tony spots Rhodey moving towards him once again but he puts a hand up to stop him.
His depression is a part of him, Tony knows. He also knows by now that it doesn’t to have all parts of him.
“I know, Tony, of course I know,” Steve rushes to say. “You weren't being difficult on accident either. It was just bad timing. You had a bad day and I had a bad day and that just… It didn’t mesh well.”
“You’re going to make such a power couple,” Pepper says, this time sounding even surer of herself than she did the first time she made that statement.
Their days together start to become a perfect mirror of how their relationship has worked for years.
“I don’t know what I’d do without you,” Steve repeats and the confirmation that the sentence came from him manages to wake Tony up into full awareness.
Rhodey is by his side in a second, placing one of his hands under one of Tony’s elbows, ready to catch him if he falls.
“Nino’s,” Steve grunts, a deep sound ripped from his throat, almost too lascivious to be made in public.
“I’ve been doing some research,” Steve explains. “Into group therapy and professionals. Psychologists and stuff. People who could fit, you know? I’ve been doing it for me but um… Also for you.”
Tony’s lived through more than forty New Year’s Eve. Some of them he can’t remember because he was too young when they happened. Some of them he can’t remember because he got too drunk and sometimes even too high. Some of them were spent surrounded by hundreds of people, some of them were spent on his own and in a few lucky ones he got to spend the night with people he truly loved and who loved him back.
It’s no more than a breath, meant for only his ears and uttered in the short second before the rest of the group starts crowding in around them.
Tony blinks slowly a few times trying to process Steve’s words correctly. “You… You want me to come in?”
“I still feel guilty for how I talked to him,” Natasha confesses. “I just want to help him, not make things more difficult for him.”
Natasha’s cry of “Sam!” was not enough to prevent it and the snowball hit Sam straight in the face. Bucky had been quick enough turning around and caught the action on its entirety. His laugh was the loudest sound in the entire street, going on and on, making it difficult for him to catch a breath.
When Bruce finally comes into the room it’s obvious he has just woken up. He’s wearing his thick-rimmed glasses askew, his t-shirt is visibly inside out and he’s barefoot. He’s also panting lightly, like he power-walked the length of the hallway from his room to the living room.
They walk towards Tony’s room, close but not quite touching, and Tony lays down in bed as Pepper starts changing into her night clothes.
Steve had made lunch for both of them and, as they were debating whether to order some take-out for dinner or not, Steve had said, “We could call for a pizza and maybe… Would you like to watch a movie?”
A silence follows Steve’s words and the only thing Steve can hear is DUM-E’s soft chirps from where he’s bumping his metal claw lightly into U’s one, the second bot ignoring him for some reason Steve can’t seem to interpret but Tony would probably understand immediately.
“So that was good, huh?” Tony asks, and Steve can hear the smugness in his voice. However, he can also pick up the waver in it, signaling Tony’s trepidation.
“Okay. No, I’m not,” Natasha confesses and Tony preens a little bit inside. He knows her and he knows if there is one thing she hates is being treated as if she is made of porcelain.
Uncrossing his arms, Steve opens his mouth as if to say something but he seems to think better of it and he closes it again and exhales through his nose.
Most of them start exactly the same and so they blur together in his mind, one after the other, making him wonder if years have passed or if a particular week has just been dragging forever.
At first Tony deflects the questions, not because he doesn’t want Rhodey to know or because he doesn’t know how beneficial for him it would be to finally talk to someone about it, but because he’s not sure he’d be able to find the right words to explain it. Everything happened so fast and yet it felt like years had passed. Everything had been too violent and yet not violent enough. Tony had felt himself die more than once and yet he had survived.
And then, he reaches a room that looks different than the rest. This room looks lived in and cared for.  The room is untidy and chaotic in a way that makes Tony feel comfortable, like he’s in his element. Clothes are strewn all around the room, and dozens of books are piled up around Tony.
“I’m not inside Tony’s head but I’ve known him for a really long time. I even dated the man once,” Pepper says. “He likes you, Steve. He really likes you.”
“She did tell me,” Steve confirms. “And I guess I do understand why you said it because… There have been times I haven’t been that glad to be alive either. But I was so worried, Tony. The idea of you not being alive, of having lost you too… I couldn’t cope with it. So I’m sorry for not having gone  to see you but I thought maybe I would make things worse by being there.”
Bruce has taken refuge in his research of his connection with Hulk and is working harder than ever into trying to find the answer to why Hulk has seemed to go into hiding from him and he’s also searching for the perfect and permanent solution for them both -Banner and Hulk- maybe for the first time ever thinking about the both of them. All of this - the work, the researching, the experimenting- mean he’s -perhaps unconsciously- distanced himself from the rest of them for the last couple of weeks.
Tony starts shaking his head and he can’t hold back the tears anymore. They fall steadily as he blinks but there’s almost an order to them, like his body has learnt the perfect art of crying by now. Enough to release the sadness but not too much to render him unconsolable.
Steve brings up again the topic of group therapy a couple months into their separate work towards recovery -or at least towards the closest thing to recovery they’ll be able to get-.
When Natasha comes into the room Tony has a tablet in his hands and he’s making his way through every news channel stream, every online newspaper, every social media platform he can think of and he’s reading about the real-life consequences the Decimation -as some media outlets have taken to calling the snap- have had on their world.
Just a second later the lights dim and Natasha’s voice comes from the short hallway that leads from the kitchen to the living room area.
Thor’s eyes are only halfway open and he’s blinking slowly, clearly not all the way awake yet. He pushes his hair, falling messily onto his forehead, away from his face.
It’s JARVIS who, a few days after the first time he helps Steve through his panic, introduces him to the bots.
“It doesn’t really seem that complicated to me,” Rhodey says as he’s transferring the cookies from the oven tray to a plate carefully. “Not with the way he looks at you and the way you look at him.”
There’s nothing happy about the day for Tony, there’s nothing happy about the day for the people around him and there’s nothing happy about the day for the world.
Let it be known that Tony’s aware that avoiding Steve is not the best course of action. And yet, Tony is definitely avoiding Steve.
From his bedroom, and with the door firmly shut, Tony can’t make out the words being said by the other Avengers but Natasha’s voice is unmistakably the loudest. It’s followed by Steve’s. Rhodey’s gruff comments are scarce. The only way Tony knows Bruce has made it back with them is because the feed from the security cameras outside caught the four of them walking in.
Steve runs his hands up and down his thighs, a nervous habit of his that Tony still remembers. He turns his head towards his right shoulder and uses it to wipe away the wetness from his face, leaving his skin irritated by the force of the movement.
Steve chuckles and goes to dip his own spoon into the ice cream. “I know how annoying you are about the good brands.”
There isn’t a reversal for the Decimation but maybe that doesn’t mean Tony can’t fix the world anyway.
Tony goes back to exploring the Internet but before he can even turn on the table’s screen again, his phone starts ringing on the night table on the right side of his bed.
He clears his throat to get rid of the uncomfortable sensation of dryness on the back of it. He’s about to inquire to FRIDAY about the light when he feels the bed move without him causing it.
“Sure, as soon as Bruce feels better about it we will,” Tony agrees. “But for now, as I think sleep is also out of the question… Do you want to do something?”
Tony feels tears finally falling from his eyes and slowly rolling down his cheeks. They’re not many but they're there, showcasing his vulnerability for Steve’s eyes only.
“Tony, you’ve survived a lot worse than that. You don’t give yourself enough credit,” Rhodey says, his voice full of conviction and pride.
Pepper and Rhodey look at each other and share radiant smiles, their faces shining brighter that Steve’s ever seen them.
He’s not ready to open his eyes but he feels a hard squeeze in his left hand where it’s still joined with Nebula’s, where they’ve been joined for the whole flight back. He lets a couple of seconds pass before he squeezes back and opens his eyes.
The feeling completely dissipates when Steve makes it back and they go back together to the workshop, this time sharing a few cartons of take out Steve picked up from the city for dinner. The atmosphere is more relaxed, slightly more painless.
After the issue with the Accords happened the Compound became a ghost of its former self. Only Vision still regularly used his rooms and even he didn't spend as much time there as he had used to.
Tony hesitates at the entrance of the living room, debating whether to pass along and continue on his way to the kitchen as was his original plan. From his place on the couch Thor grunts and starts moving, twisting his body this and that way. That seems to make Tony’s decision easier and he ends up walking further into the living room. The table is covered in beer cans, some of them crushed, others tipped over and obviously empty as well.
Through all of this Tony keeps quiet, watching her and grabbing bites of the salad that’s still on his plate every few seconds.
Tony’s eyes widen when Steve’s hands move towards the hem of his t-shirt, suddenly remembering his conversation with Natasha. What is Steve going to say about him wearing his clothes? Will he find it weird?
That’s what happens with the Avengers as Steve moves into Stark Tower even when the restoration works are still in progress.
Time in Afghanistan moved in a confusing pattern: it was work and fear and a weirdly formed companionship with Yinsen.
“Look, I know you’ve got your psychologist if you want to talk about any of this but just let me say one thing,” Rhodey pleads and Tony nods, gesturing at Rhodey to go on. “I think we all live with a little fear all of the time, especially after Thanos. But at the end of the day I guess it’s all about what makes you more scared: having him or not having him.”
The way his body meets Pepper’s is completely the opposite of what meeting Steve’s was. It’s slow and soft, timid at first, even.
Only ten minutes ago Tony would have thought he’d be opposed to discussing the break up and his feelings regarding it but the idea of relying on Steve and opening up now feels liberating and appealing.
When Steve walks into his room one morning he has to duck his head to hide the delighted smile that takes over his features when he spots it. Tony still sees it.
Rhodey doesn’t say a word the whole time he’s speaking, just hums and nods along and sometimes squeezes Tony’s hand when he can feel him drifting off and disappearing into the confines of his own mind.
“Well, well, well,” Tony greets as he slices a tomato, quickly glancing Natasha’s way before focusing back on the task. “Look who graces me with her presence.”
Half of the people Pepper mentioned first are going nowhere near him at the moment and she pretty much acknowledged that Rhodey is still a wildcard in terms of permanent residence, but Tony doesn’t tell her that.
The conversation goes in circles time and time again as Clint presents his own arguments and views, a mixture and variations of “I didn’t do anything wrong”, “They weren’t innocent people” and “There isn’t enough proof to actually say it was me”.
Steve starts to turn slowly, rotating on his feet, Tony still held in the air, his feet dangling back and forth, his face delighted.
They work well together, not perfectly or effortlessly but synchronized enough, understanding each other’s moves better than the first time. Steve can see Pepper was right as they wrap up the situation quickly and with very limited damage: being closer to each other has helped them become a better team and that benefits the world. They might not be a family or even real friends, maybe they will never be, but they can become a great squad.
Going to sleep on the same bed that Steve does and waking up in the same bed that Steve does is one of Tony’s favorite things about his days, presently. And it all seems so easy to give up for Steve in this moment.
He forgoes taking the elevator for once and uses the stairs to get to the lower level of the main building and in just a little over a minute Tony finds himself in front of the glass walls of his workshop, a place so familiar and comfortable to him it feels like he’s never even left it each time he returns.
Everything is silent except for Steve’s harsh breathing sounds and at some time during the story Steve has neared his chair to Tony’s bed, his elbows now resting on the mattress, his hands locked in front of his face.
“For the millionth time,” Tony says. “I said it was fine. I’m excited! I’m super excited! Yay for my party!”Steve rolls his eyes.
Steve’s words are careful and a little ambiguous but in their circumstance there is no mistaking or misunderstanding them: he is promising the world they’ll fix the Decimation.
, he was about to say. But that isn’t true. He knows it, and he never wants to do Steve the disservice of lying about it to him. One of the reasons they’ve been able to move past it is because they’ve both been clear and honest about that time.
It’s with such a small comment by the time they’re all finishing their dessert that the conversation moves towards Tony.
Tony makes a noise that doesn't really leave his throat. Rhodey turns towards him, one of his eyebrows raised and an inquiring look in his eyes. Tony bites his lip and moves his gaze away from Rhodey’s.
The Compound is still and silent when Tony wakes up and walks out of his room on Friday morning, the day after Bruce’s big reveal party.
Steve closes his eyes and he quickens the pace at which he’s touching himself. He’s not breathing harshly per se but his chest is heaving and he has worked a light sweat with his movements. It barely takes him ten or so more seconds to come, hot spurts of sticky liquid coating his fingers and running down the grove of where his thigh meets his hip.
