Tony was sentimental, but would that really stretch to things like security codes? As far as Steve knew, all of Tony’s other passwords were random letters and numbers. He had worked on highly classified military defense projects for most of his life and the need for security had been engraved deep.
“I don’t think an extra ten minutes is going to fix them. They didn’t rise at all. They look like soup. Did you decide to replace the salt with beef stock when I wasn't looking?”
Tony felt his forehead. He felt cooler than the previous day, though still warmer than he should be.
Jan and Clint looked at each other. Jan went to the door and started pulling on her boots. “We’re going outside to check the cows.” Clint quickly joined her.
Though the arrow was lightweight wood, it felt like it weighed a hundred pounds as Bruce passed it into his hands. “Go home, Tony, and make sure no one else is taken from theirs.”
“Look, Clint, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have put calculating everything on you, that wasn’t fair. We should have all worked on it, and triple checked the answers. But it’s too late to change anything, and I’m not going to blame you for your mistake anymore. And I’m sorry I tried to hit you. I let my temper get the best of me, and that was unacceptable as your pack leader. I promise I’ll be more fair in the future.”
He let the guard lead him back to his apartment and he got a vindictive sense of satisfaction from slamming the door in the peacekeepers face. Once safely inside he propped a chair in front of the door and pulled out his laptop.
There was a low growl behind them and they turned to see Raza, advancing towards them with his knife. Tony pushed Yinsen behind him and picked up a large branch. “You run, I’ll hold him off.”
“You don’t want to be here?” Tony asked, trying to make this new information fit into his established view of the world. Bruce seemed offended by the question.
“Fine!” His fists tightly clenched, he loomed over Tony. Tony wasn't the least bit cowed, his face flushed with rage.
Tony sighed forlornly. “He does, and more. He is brave beyond measure, and works with great perseverance through his ill health.”
Tony winced and took his hand off the guy's shoulder. “Yeah, Babe Ruth here wasn't gentle getting in. I don't suppose that you've always wanted a second front door, where your windows used to be?”
Tony looked at him, his eyes wide and so very earnest. Well, shit, Steve thought. With those Bambi eyes, Tony could probably talk him into jumping of a cliff. And at this point, what did they have to lose? His hand was still resting on top of his. He turned his hand over, and laced their fingers together. Tony looked at him with such hope and gratitude. Gratitude, like he was thankful that Steve would even listen to him, after Tony listened through his whole sob story, complete with waterworks. That he trusted him. His hand was smaller and warm against his, his fingers and palm slightly rough with callouses. They were covered in the soot and oil that Tony seemed to unconsciously attract. He rubbed his thumb against his hand. That didn’t work, now they both had soot on their hands. Tony had soot all the way up his arm to the elbow, and a screwdriver tucked absentmindedly behind his ear, behind a lock of hair. His hair looked soft, and he wanted to brush it out of from Tony's bright eyes. Beautiful brown eyes like hot chocolate after the cold of working outside all day, warming you sweetly from the inside out. Brown like the first cup of coffee in the morning, reduced down with fresh milk, when the world was quiet and peaceful and there was a whole day to look forward to. Brown like a forbidden sip of whiskey, sharp and sweeter because it was stolen. It was too dark in the kitchen to see the flecks of gold that he knew were there, and he leaned forward a little to see better, and Tony was leaning forward too, and suddenly they were kissing. Steve let out a soft “oh,” of surprise, and Tony pulled back, his eyes fluttering open with concern. Steve brought a hand up to cradle Tony’s face, his other hand still holding his. Tony leaned back in with more confidence, and kissed him again. After a day of cold lethargy, he felt like he was on fire, that now that Tony was here, anything was possible. They’d deal with problems as they came, and they were going to do this whole crazy thing. Day or night, no cloudy thoughts on sunny days. Steve broke their kiss just long enough to whisper soft against his lips,
There's body horror, physical violence, animal violence, gun violence, fighting, blood, gore, death, and loss of limbs.
“I’m fixing the stove right now. There’s a ring that connects the burner coil to the lower plate. I don’t know what happened to it, but it’s gone. I made a new one, out of a paperclip of all things. It just had to be metal, and that was soft enough for me to bend it into the right shape. It’s working now, will probably work for a couple weeks. Then it’ll break again.”
At the bottom of the pad there was a line for his signature. As the guy in charge (supposedly, he hadn’t actually gotten a say in anything so far) it was his job to sign off and submit the final decisions. Before he could second guess himself he dragged Steve’s name to the top of the list, signed it and hit submit. Screw them for trying to hide things from him. They wanted to play games with him? Well Tony was the motherfucking Game Master. He’d show them games.
Steve was confused, and a little frustrated. He rubbed his face, and looked back at her, trying to explain what was so obvious to him.
Steve climbed on stage and grabbed onto Bucky. “Neither do you. No one from 12 ever wins. You have your mom and sister to look out for. What are they supposed to do if they lose you?”
With the approach of the full moon, they had other things on their mind anyway. Though they could shift anytime, the desire to do so around the full moon was overwhelming.
As Tony had been spending more time with Steve, he had been spending more time with the team by proxy. They had grown close, and Natasha and Clint hadn’t hesitated to abandon the mission to check on their team mate.
“I evened the odds. Turns out there’s a downside in having one person design every defense system you use; I know how to disable them. It’s over, Stane. All the districts are rebelling.”
“There, it’s done. I don’t know why you guys are making such a big deal out of this, just call a contractor.”
“Oh, I know who Steve is.” Tony said with a lot more emotion than he had intended. Bruce raised an eyebrow and Tony cleared his throat. “So all the districts have the ability to take and upload video?”
Tony was aware he wasn’t the most likable person, he wore the label of ‘difficult’ like a badge of pride, and like a shield against the cutting words. If people were going to hate him, then he’d give them something to hate. And if they hated the larger than life, most flashy and aggressive version of him, then that was alright. That version could take it. It could take it and take it and take it, and underneath it all the version of him with the sharp edges sanded down and an openness about him could hide away, only emerging cautiously around Obie and Rhodey where he could trust that it was safe to be softer. And now Steve too, who saw through him with piercing blue eyes, and held him with calloused hands, and smiled at Tony like happiness was a secret shared only between the two of them.
Steve wanted Tony on the jet and by his side, not gallivanting off with the man Kane had earlier termed his “more charming counterpart”. Not that he cared what villains said. Or where Tony went. He had no right to stop him, and Brian was leaving soon anyway.
They spun him around to look in the mirror and he hated how familiar he looked. A little thinner, a little tanner, but otherwise identical to the time he had stepped out onto the stage as Game Master. The games had ruined him on the inside, and on the outside he was as untouchable as he always was. A perfect shell wrapped around a splintered core.
Tony tipped his chair back and looked up at him with an unapologetic grin. “Well maybe you guys should try for a response time that could beat molasses. I've seen turtles that move faster than you guys. You know I built the quinjet to go supersonic, right?”
“Now all the contestants are downstairs switching costumes and getting ready for their interviews. In the meantime, here’s a word from our illustrious President Stane!”
So, option one: text her and cancel. He didn’t want to do that, she was hot as hell and had legs for days.
The next update might take a few days, just to warn ya. I was editing the next chapter and I don't really like it the way it is right now.
“-find the queen, yes, I know. I’ve only heard it a thousand times.” Tony interrupted. “I’ve already found the queen. And I’ve stood over the pit with grenades in my hand, and allowed it to kill me.”
He stood up. He couldn’t do this. He stepped towards the door and a peacekeeper stopped him with a hand to the chest.
Tony curled his knees to his chest and hid his face, his breaths coming out harsh and his heart beating uncontrollably in his chest.
Steve leaned over and kissed him. He had intended for it to be quick. Instead he found it lingering, Tony pressing forward every time he pulled back. Steve gave in to enjoying it, curling a hand through Tony’s hair and letting Tony take the lead. He put his other hand on Tony’s back, his fingers rucking up his shirt to find warm skin. They finally broke apart, and Tony kept a hand on Steve’s face, his thumb gently rubbing his cheek. “I’m glad you’re back.”
Tony put the bag down and put his hands on its side. It felt like a bolt of electricity arced through him, and he clutched at his chest where the battery sat.
They all drank. Now that the bond was complete Tony felt a constant wave of love from Steve, and in the back of his mind he could feel pride and satisfaction radiating from Liberty. Finally all was as it should be.
“No!” Steve rushed forward and decked one of the guards, knocking him to the ground. The other guards turned on him, tackling him to the ground. Vanko laughed and swung his whip forward, ripping open the back of Tony’s shirt and painting a line of red down his back. In less than a breath he cut two more stripes, long lines of red dripping down his back.
“I’ve never been this cold before,” Tony grumbled. He had never been cold at all before the first night of the games. It was an interesting sensation from an academic standpoint, between the goosebumps and shivers. He would enjoy it more if it wasn’t against his will while he already felt like garbage. “All the buildings in the Capital have heat, and all out coats are designed for weather much worse than we get. No one is ever cold. I don’t like the feeling.”
“The point is that the list goes on, all situations where I was trying to help and everything spiraled out of control. I never talk to you until it’s too late and all the chips are on the table. And when I don’t talk to you, you don’t talk to me.”
“I had no problem giving Steve a smooch or two for stuff that's going to save our lives. Do you think they’ll send us food? I’m hungry.”
Steve scraped sadly at the bowl with a spoon. “I know. I can feel it and it’s gross. I don’t think I’ll be able to get all of the shells out of the milk. I think I need to start the wet part over.”
The trip back was miserable, Tony’s ankle hurting, and the group silent and worried for their friend. Plus something had clearly gotten under Steve’s skin, as he did everything he could to avoid looking at Tony and was short with the rest of the group. They took a break back at the cave, Clint had managed to shoot a few squirrels and Bruce made a fire to cook them over. Tony was too hungry to refuse, and did his best to pretend he was eating something else.
The peacekeepers dragged them out of the closet and threw them on the ground, still half tangled together. Tony pushed Steve away and got up.
Jan flinched back, and Clint stared at him with wide eyes. Steve took several deep breaths, and gritted his teeth. “I'm sorry for yelling. I think I'm going to bed now.” He stood up and left, leaving his dinner half eaten on the table. Jan and Clint finished the rest of their meal in silence.
Tony had stayed in the safety and darkness of his cave until this point, but Steve pulled him out with an insistent hand. “This is Tony. He’s joining the Avengers.”
“We got incoming,” Sam warned as he flew overhead. More men poured in from the connecting street. Three hundred might have been too conservative of an estimate. Captain Marvel was still stuck acting as the support beam of the collapsing building, and Steve could tell that it was frustrating her. Vision was working as fast as he could, but it was a large building and he could only carry so many people at once. Where was Tony?
Steve grinned. “We try. We really do have to get to work now though, we still have stuff left over to do from yesterday. You should be able to find at least one of us in the barn if you need anything.”
Tony had to laugh. They had sent him here calling him a traitor, when he was loyal to the bone, and now if he ever made it out he was finally going to be guilty of the crime he was sentenced for.
Steve stepped out of the elevator, and scanned the empty roof. Tony wasn’t here either. Now he was even more worried, because if Tony wasn’t on the roof there weren't many other spots he could be. He checked the gym, even though it was way too early for Tony to even be up, let alone working out. It was unsurprisingly empty. So was the adjacent training room, and the living room, and all of the offices below, since it was Saturday. Tony didn’t have meetings on Saturdays, and never had meetings before ten if he could help it. Steve was starting to get frantic. He rushed back to the kitchen and burst in through the door.
“Today is a momentous occasion,” announced Steve from the podium. Below him was an enormous crowd of people, made up of people from all districts and the Capitol, stretching back as far as the eye could see. Large screens showed a close up of the stage, and the feed was being broadcasted out to all the districts.
She ignored him. “They’ll be spending the next week training, and I’ll see you all again for their final score before they go into the games!”
Honestly, screw Tony for this. Either he trusted Steve the whole time and Tony never should have fought him at all, because if he was willing to let Steve shut down the suit he should have been willing to shut it down himself. Had he spent the whole fight at the airport waiting for Steve to shut him down? Then again, at Siberia? Waiting for Steve to make the first move towards deescalation?
Tony stood up and started pacing. Apparently the other side of the bed was still too close. “I don’t care that you’re sorry, I want to know why.”
Tony ripped off the bottom of his pant leg and held the fabric to Yinsen’s neck, trying to stop the blood. Yinsen grabbed his hand.
“The swelling has gone down, that’s a good sign. Maybe tomorrow you could stay down here, and it’ll give it a chance to heal up more. Is the pain alright?”
The basement was cold and felt vaguely damp. Tony followed the thick wires running along the hallway, hoping to find a control room. He turned a corner and froze as he saw a peacekeeper standing in front of a doorway, rifle held loosely, staring straight ahead. At the slight scuff of Tony’s shoe, the peacekeeper’s head whipped around and Tony knew he had been spotted. If he tried to run the peacekeeper would sound the alarm and he would be caught. In a panic Tony charged forward, swinging wildly at the peacekeeper before he had a chance to react. Tony got him in the head, and the peacekeeper fell back into the wall, hitting his head again, his helmet making a sharp ringing sound as it struck the concrete. Tony stood over him panting, clutching his hand where it arching. Tony waited for someone else to come around the corner, attracted by the noise. There was nothing. Tony heaved a sigh of relief. Why had there been a peacekeeper down here anyway? He must have been watching the door to the control room. Tony pushed the door open and it wasn’t a control room at all. There weren’t any wires or computers, and no fuse boxes. Instead there were five tall tubes, covered in a thick layer of condensation. The temperature in the room was significantly colder than the hallway, and Tony started to shiver as he stepped closer to the first tube. He couldn’t tell what they were supposed to be for. They didn’t look like any air conditioner or freezer he had ever seen. Maybe a weapon? There were wires running into the tops of the tubes and coming out to connect with a wide array of machines, all beeping along.
Steve nodded and stepped back, gesturing Tony inside. It was a small room, with no furniture beyond a bed and dresser, so Tony sat on the bed and Steve joined him after closing the door. Tony half stood and sat down farther away, clearing his throat. Steve clasped his hands between his knees. Tony didn’t want to be close? That was fine. Not like they lived and slept together for four years or anything.
He stood up and went back to pounding away at the rock, Steve helping when he could. Restlessness burned under his skin, and Tony caught himself shooting glances towards the exit of the tunnels as often as Steve did. The day stretched impossibly long, and when it was time to hung up their tools he sighed in relief. They were unlocked from the row and made their way back to the barracks where Tony checked over Steve’s bandages again. He unwrapped the layers, peeling off the last one cautiously. To his surprise, the cut was almost fully closed, the edges the faded pink of a new scar. Steve gave him a grin.
The rest of the Avenger arrived and the men started to panic. Kane tried to summon more birds, but as soon as they got more than a few feet from their creator they dissolved into mist, Tony's machine still loudly screeching outside. Maxwell threw the hostage at Steve and tried to run for the door, where he was quickly detained by Natasha. Without the birds, the men were no threat. Clint shot the orb from Kane’s hand and it rolled across the floor to Thor, who picked it up, and the few remaining misty birds disappeared. Everyone sighed in relief when Tony shut off his box and the room was filled with blessed silence. Iron Man and Captain Britain soon joined them in the basement.
As the male contestant from 12, Steve went last. He had gained weight since Tony had last seen him, and he looked much less gaunt, though he was still too thin, especially compared to the beefier contestants that had gone before him.
Tony felt the bond weaving itself tighter and tighter between them. His chest started to glow with blue light. He closed his eyes, and let them in.
Tony took a heaving breath. “Because you weren’t there. No matter what I do, you die. If we’re friends, enemies, strangers, if we fly or drive or run. I’ve tried a million combinations a million ways. You always die. And if I kill the queen, you stay dead.”
The man laughed at that, and Tony couldn’t blame him. Since waking up in the future Steve had decided to roll with the public's perception of him as the all American goody two shoes. Sometimes he pulled it off, his intrinsic desire to do the right thing shining through... other times, stuff like this came out of his mouth.
“Like I’m not trying? Like I don’t wake up at four or five every morning and work until it’s dark, like I don’t save every penny I can, like I traded away part of my future so the bank could tell me I’m not good enough? Fuck it, if my best isn’t good enough, I’m not even going to try. I’m done. I’m going back to the ranch.”
“It is a simple fix. I will fly back to the rebel base, and will return with the Dragon Guard. We will fly you back, it will take less than a day to complete the trip.”
Steve hid it behind his back on instinct then realized that that was probably the most guilty thing that he could have done. He had a reason for having it and Tony would never have known he was hugging it a few seconds before.
He introduced himself as Thor, and after a few inane questions Christine was shuffling him back off stage and bringing in the female contestant. Occasionally the teleprompter in the back would pass over to Tony to ask the next question, then nicely list out the question for him to say, and Tony would ask whatever the hell he wanted.
Warnings for this chapter could be spoilers so quit reading the notes now if you don't need them, otherwise here you go:
He pulled the papers across the table and signed. The rest of his team was quick to follow with no argument. The faith they had in him and his decisions was both humbling and disturbing. Steve returned the papers to Carol who tapped them neatly on the table and set them aside. “Now that that is settled, I would like to propose a daily training program to integrate the team fully and to plan out tactical maneuvers.”
The sound of an audience clapping and cheering rained down from the speakers, drawing Tony out as he tried to figure out what was going on. He grabbed the arm of one of the peacekeepers. “What was he talking about? Why is Christine acting like nothing happened?”
“Pardon me, I believe Liberty has something that needs saying. Tony, may I escort you back to your room?”
Rhodey shook his head but let him go without arguing further. Tony talked to Pepper and May and Maria, getting a consensus on how the group was doing and where they were on the escape plan. Things were running well, and after a quick game of pennies with Nebula and a check in with young Peter about his cough, Tony returned to his bed. Steve handed him a roll and a bowl of thin soup.
Many of you left me kudos and/or incredible comments, which I appreciate so much. You guys are what make publishing worth it!
Tony sat on his couch and checked his phone. Three missed calls from Rhodey. He called him back, and as the phone rang the tv turned itself on with a burst of static.
When Steve got within a few feet he started talking. “Hello citizen, please stand down and control your birds.”
The battery. The one in the cart had been running low, and it must have run out. Tony crawled over to Steve, whose strength was fading fast. What the dragon bond gave in health, it could just as easily take away. If he didn’t get Liberty a new battery in the next half hour both she and Steve would die. Tony swore and used the wall to push himself back upright. He had been hoping that the battery would hold out until their escape, and instead it gave out at the most inconvenient time possible. It was the middle of the day, and Vanko would be back at minute to tell them that lunch was over and it was time to get back to work. No matter what he did, Tony was going to get caught. Tony scrubbed a hand up and down his face as black spots danced in front of his vision. Was it worth it?
Steve had been in the room for thirty seconds and was already ready to throw down with Tony again. Patience, he told himself. Don’t fight.
“Unfortunately falling tends to be part of the job. I'll let you in on a trade secret, superheroing is not as glamorous as it looks.” His gauntlet sparked again, almost to emphasize his point. He needed to fix that. And now the rest of the suit too. There went his weekend plans. He had really wanted to go with Steve to the Met too.
“I usually stayed inside too, my asthma was much worse when I was younger. That was when I started getting into drawing.”
Though he still couldn’t see him, from his hand on his arm he could feel him shrug and turn away. “Nothing, it’s nothing.”
Christine sat down and gave the camera a hundred watt smile. “Alright, that was quite the entrance from our contestants!”
He rolled his shoulders. His back was fine, the lashes he received yesterday already fading into faint scars. Steve’s hand moved down from his shoulder to hover lightly over a closed wound.
Despite being appointed Game Master, Obie had kept him far from anything to do with the actual running of the games, especially after he started getting worked up over Steve. He didn’t know anything about this place.
Steve took a deep breath. His first instinct was to shift and start a wolf fight. Instead he reigned in his temper and stood up.
The second one went better than the first, and whenever Tony walked through the airport he’d catch glimpses of his face in front of a cozy mountain cabin staring back. They had photoshopped a hat on him and a snowy scene behind. It was sort of embarrassing, and he denied the publicist any more books. Two was already two more books than he had ever wanted to publish under his name.
This seemed familiar, though he couldn’t remember from where. He felt his head loll and Steve forced him to maintain eye contact. His eyes were wet. “Please, let us in.”
They went back to the living room and plopped down on the couch.. Steve unmuted the TV. The Dodgers were still losing. It was almost comforting in a way. No matter how many armies of aliens or robots they had to fight, at the end of the day they could come home and lay on the couch together and complain about baseball.
The man bent down and ruffled a hand through Steve’s hair patronizingly. “A shadow cannot kill that which casts it.”
Tony looked at the TV as it showed the contestants riding in on their chariots. In the corner the word ‘LIVE’ blinked brightly.
He grabbed Tony’s wrist and forced him to hold his hand out, palm up. Tony looked up at him with tears in his eyes. "This hand built the plane that killed Bucky and his dragon. This hand forged the swords that brought down the rightful king and killed my friends." Steve slashed the knife across his palm, severing tendons and splatting the floor with blood. Tony screamed and held his hand to his chest. The cut on his palm burned and he felt blood soak into his shirt. He tried to move his fingers and nothing happened. He looked up to see Steve with his head hung low. He let the knife clatter to the ground. “Without the full strength of your hand you will never again build another weapon, and you can spend the rest of your life living with the guilt.”
“There’s an abandoned cabin about a mile from here. That’s as far as I’ve ever gotten. We’ll go there, then decide what’s next.” Tony said, then switched to telling jokes, and asking Steve about his life.
Tony put his hand over Steve’s and laced their fingers together. “You doofus, those are all Captain America things. Everything you do is, because Captain America is a neat little label to sum up all of the reckless righteousness of Steve Rogers.”
“You’re not a jerk, and that’s the problem. You were the Game Master, you were the symbol of everything I’m trying to fight against, and I don’t hate you. Things are very black and white in the districts. I don’t know if you know this, but everyone in the districts hates the Capital.”
Bucky held onto him until the guards ripped him away and forced him back down to the muddy town square. His family immediately rushed to him, and he held onto them as he looked up at Steve with guilt ridden eyes.
He spent the rest of the night with his eyes half closed, staring out through a gap in the branches for any movement. The haze of the smoke gradually cleared, and the world lightened with the artificial sun. Tony hadn’t realized that he had fallen asleep until he woke up to the sound of water splashing, and bright light hitting his face as the branches were ripped away from the entrance of the cave. It was the deadly knife girl.
The ride back to the ranch was dead silent. Jan and Tony sat in the truck, Jan driving with her usual careful regard for speed limits and the rules of the road in general. Tony was sulking. There was no other word for it, it was just a good old, straight out sulk. Steve and Clint sat in the bed, holding down the eight massive suitcases Tony had insisted on bringing. Clint kept his head down, watching the yellow dashes on the road tick by. And Steve… Steve wanted to cry, but that sure wasn't an option, so instead he shoved it all down, until all that was left was small angry part of him yelling that this wasn't fair, he didn't want this. Then he shoved that down too. It didn't matter if he was happy or not. This would help his pack, so he had to do it. He had made an agreement with Stane that Tony would stay with him from now on, to get used to things before they tied the knot. The wedding would be in a few months, which was the soonest they could have it while maintaining the level of opulence and class associated with the Stark pack. Steve’s ma had gotten married under the grapevine trellis out back in her Sunday best, but apparently that wasn't good enough for the Starks’. They needed ‘venues’ and special wedding specific dresses and three tier cakes, and those things took time. Steve just wanted to get it over and done with. His pack needed this, therefore he would do it. He had no clue what Tony's motivations were. After he had raged at him for a few minutes while he hid inside the car like a frightened pup and Clint laughed his ass off in the back, Stane had come outside and pulled Tony aside to talk. They talked for about a half hour, Tony with his arms tightly crossed. Jan was right, crossed arms did look hostile. For being maybe 5’6”, Tony radiated a whole lot of menace. Finally whatever Stane said convinced Tony, because he marched back inside, and returned an hour later with eight enormous suitcases.
After that Steve blocked him from trying any more hot sauce, but they still had an amazing night. They talked and laughed together for over an hour, and when Steve reached across the table to rest his hand on top of Tony's, he didn’t pull away. Friends could hold hands, right? And friends could tell each other they looked very handsome tonight, and friends could stare into each others eyes across the table, the whole world narrowing down to just the two of them, as Steve leaned forward and-
“I don't think he's gaining anything, so much as getting rid of a problem.” He looked out the window as a short man with wild brown hair marched up to the pickup, slammed his hand against the window, and started yelling obscenities at him.
“I don't understand,” Steve said, still confused. "Why-" Then it all seemed to fall into place. Tony felt a rush of overwhelming rage and betrayal before the bond between them closed off completely, leaving Tony's mind empty of everything except his own feelings of guilt. Loki stepped forward, offering Steve his blade handle first.
Steve took a deep breath. They had technically made it ten minutes this time, which was progress. But if he didn’t stop things here, he knew from experience that their conversation would continue to go further off the rails.
The next question was if Tony felt the same way, and it was answered two nights later when there was a knock at his door.
When no one voiced any complaints he grabbed the remote and started flicking through the options. He picked
Steve had to agree, after meeting her a second time at their do over wedding. The first one hadn’t took, since they never exchanged rings or signed the marriage certificate, so they picked a sunny day, hired a new notary, and invited everyone out to the grapevine trellis in the backyard.
There was nothing that Steve wanted more. Even if she wasn’t real, she sure looked it, and the chance to talk to her one more time, to say goodbye, when she knew who he was and where they were….
“Everywhere in all the bedrooms, including under all the beds and in all the closets, and all the living rooms that aren't blocked off. And none of the boards are disturbed. And he wasn't in the barn when I went to let the cattle out.”
Steve took what Tony already picked out and Tony bounced off to find more cool things. He felt like a kid in a candy store. He picked out more electronics to build out the pet’s body, and he found some lightweight aluminum bars he could use to build an arm to attach the claw to. He pretended to swing the bar like a bat as Steve tossed him an imaginary softball.
“It’s worse than you can imagine. Loki killed all who stood against him, leaving the castle empty except for his mercenaries. He raised taxes on the towns and sends men out every week asking for more. Then he squanders it all on clothes and wine and shows. The farmers who fight back have their fields burned, and the sky is black with ash. The resistance is gathering in the northern mountains, but our numbers are few, and Loki has weapons of the like which we have never seen. All of his men are armed with the finest forged Stark steal, and they rain destruction down from flying devices they call airplanes. Stark built those too. If I ever meet the man, I will run him through, and laugh as he begs for mercy as I watch him bleed out.”
He scowled at her. “I don’t have abandonment issues. And it was Clint’s idea, maybe you should go talk to him.”
He pushed his chair out and walked back to the training room. Tony followed a step behind. “Hey, wait, I’m sorry-” as soon as he stepped inside the room Steve was in his face, grabbing him by the shirt and slamming him into the wall. He was much stronger than his slight frame suggested and panic started to build in Tony’s chest. All the stories he had been told about the district people being violent rose to the forefront of his mind.
They were back in the mines the next day, rushed out of bed and into the darkness before Tony had time to check the Captain’s wound. Vanko put Steve next to Tony at the end of the chain. For the most part Steve rested.
“Don’t sound so grumpy, it was broken anyway. Good news is, I figured out what part you need. If you buy it yourself, you’ll save a solid grand in fees from the contractor. Then bam, good as new. Well, not new. Good as its going to get, let’s go with that. Which, if you haven't gathered, isn't very good.”
Tony slapped his hands to his face comically. “Oh no! However much could that be? Oh if it’s anything over $200 we’d never be able to pay it! We'd be right back where we started!”
“My condolences.” Tony offered, knowing that it meant little in the grand scheme of things. Steve tried to push himself out of the bed and fell back with a pained groan.
He took a deep breath. “It’s never going to happen. The day the tributes refuse to fight is the day the games are no longer needed. Until then, the districts need to be reminded that we’re the ones in charge, and the people around here need to be reminded of the savagery of the districts. I think you should watch an extra hour tonight, Maria. And keep Tony with you, he needs toughening up.”
There were big changes too. The walls were blue instead of white, and there were more windows. It looked like Tony finally figured out a bulletproof clear polymer, to let in some nice natural light instead of having pure concrete. The spider kid had a room now, and the gym had an attached obstacle course. Security was tighter; cameras watched from every corner and doors closed with a hiss, making an air tight seal. Steve was sure Scott’s break in must have driven Tony nuts, trying to make security tight enough to catch an ant.
Tony tapped his papers on the table and kept his eyes averted. After all these months, they were finally together again.
Was that supposed to make him happy? People loved to watch them suffer, great. He took a breath. He had to be nice while on camera if he wanted to keep the good will of the general public.
Stane blinked at him, and took a pull from his cigar. He let out the smoke in a sigh, and Steve twitched his nose in barley concealed disgust. His sensitive wolf nose hated the smell of smoke. A gold ashtray on the corner of the desk showed that despite the early hour, this wasn't Stane’s first smoke of the day, and most likely wouldn’t be his last.
Jan took no excuses. “You live on a ranch, you're going to have to learn to love them at some point. Go meet Dottie, we'll take care of dinner.” Jan said, shooing them out. She shoved Tony into the hallway, still holding his screwdriver and a part of the stove. Tony shrugged and looked over at him. “I guess we're going to go meet a cow then.”
“Get bludgeoned on the head a few times with a bat and see how you feel.” Brian snapped. “Kane, the blonde bloke, stood in the middle of the street to lure me out, then
“What’s the situation?” Steve asked, circling the table Tony was laid out on to examine his face. Despite being a little pale, he appeared unharmed, like he had decided going upstairs was too much work, and had gone to sleep on the table.
You weren’t supposed to be able to meet the contestants during training week, but Tony was the Game Master, the guy in charge of running the arena once the games begin, so he had no trouble talking the guards into letting him inside the training room where the contestants were practicing.
The problem was that Steve wasn’t bitter. As mad as he was at Tony at the time for going after Bucky, he couldn’t blame him in the aftermath. No, he wasn’t bitter.
“Come on, let’s get you out of the wind and we can try to use whatever they’ve given us for your injuries”
She sat down at the table and leaned forward. “I own all your travel books, they’re amazing. The way you capture all the small details, and all the local traditions? It’s incredible. I just about died when you covered my very own home town of Brooklyn. Are you here to do a follow up?”
Steve looked through the bowls on the counter top. None of it looked like muffin batter. One was a bowl of screws, another of yarn, one of either frosting or glue. He picked up a bowl filled with carrots.
Howard patted his head condescendingly. “Because this is how the real world works, and it’s important that you understand. Look at them.”
He had gotten himself worked up over nothing, and now had to deal with a babysitter like he was some sort of
“Does that mean that the two of us have permission to stop him?” Jan asked, already ready with her precious loopholes.
He brushed past him and went to the kitchen. He opened a can of ravioli, and started eating it cold from the can with a spoon. He really hated ravioli. He finished the can while Tony watched him, leaning on the doorway.
Tony put down a soldering iron and turned around. “Hey Steve! Yeah, I did, I know you guys weren't thrilled with them being up there.”
Steve’s eyes widened and he opened his door, gesturing for Tony to go inside. “I think we have a lot to talk about.”
“Be safe Steve,” Tony cautioned him, more anxious than he'd like to admit, and still unhappy with the so called ‘plan’.
“Hey, that’s my brother. He stays.” Steve said, indignantly. He stepped between the men and Bucky. Jan and Clint followed loyally.
“No. NO!” Steve yelled. He patted Tony’s face. “Tony, come on, wake up, it’s ok, I didn’t mean to, Sweetheart, Tony-”
“He knows not of my past. There is a great hatred in his heart for all the weapons labeled with my name.”
After hanging up his call with Rhodey, Tony had spent the rest of his night tossing and turning in bed, unable to sleep. Who had faked the video? And why?
“I figured you’d want to catch up with some of your old friends, Birdbrain. You can perch on top of buildings and eat bread together or something.” Tony said as he surveyed the situation. What seemed like thousands of large black birds flew in and out of the broken windows of a midsize jewelry store. If there were people inside he couldn’t tell through the masses of moving feathers. He curiously swiped at a bird, and as his gauntleted hand hit it, it dissolved into smoke. He landed in the street and began trying to thin out the birds, sweeping his arms back and forth as they dissolved into mist, shooting at them with his working repulsor. It was pretty entertaining, actually, and the dissolved mist made pretty swirls, like blowing out a candle.
Bucky tilted his head to the side playfully. “Previous heir, oh my. You're practically royalty then, aren't 'cha? And handsome to boot."
Clint and Jan looked up from their breakfasts. “So you murdered him in his sleep and you want us to play along so we still get the money? Got it.” Clint gave him an exaggerated wink.
“Some nobody from 12,” Christine responded with a downward twist of her lips.  “His interview is going to be a disaster. Sit up straight, the camera’s are switching back to us.”
He was ok, nothing hurt. He opened his eyes. Standing in the doorway was Bucky, the whole of his chest burned away. Bucky slumped to the floor and Steve swiped out a foot, knocking the armor to the floor. He started pounding on it furiously.
Tony didn’t get why this was a bad thing. Steve couldn’t seem to articulate why this was a bad thing either.
Tony was onboard with that, and they got slices from several styles of pizza, making sure to get enough for Clint and his new fridge too. Tony paused in front of a shelf filled with hot sauces, and picked up a bright orange bottle.
“If there were more men of the likes of you instead of Stark and Loki, the kingdom would be a safer and happier place.”
Within minutes they reached the scene of the attack. Tony shut off the controls, got up and walked towards the group, his metal boots making echoing thuds.
Steve reached in his suit jacket, and pulled out a cherry ring pop, Tony doing the same. The group all laughed.
There were murmurs of agreement, and Tony nodded reluctantly. Perhaps the dragon would return on its own when the time came.
Steve didn’t bother to respond to that. Instead he asked, “Why him, of all people? What does he have that I don’t?”
Tony helped him off the couch and he was able to walk to the kitchen on his own, with a few small wobbles. Once he was at the table he plowed his way through a few plates of pasta. He tapped Tony’s plate with his fork, where it looked like he hadn’t eaten a thing.
“He's the real deal, the papers over there seem to like him, and he's done plenty of what I’d call superhero work. I don't know why he's decided to trot over to this side of the pond, though. I should have asked.”
They both ran back outside to rejoin the fight. The stranger grabbed a hammer from where the wall had been under construction and immediately jumped into the fight. Tony grabbed a shovel and smashed it into the first man he saw wearing Loki’s green. The man went down and Tony hit him again for good measure. There was a loud shout and Tony looked up at the wall where Loki was standing next to a long line of archers. “Fire!” Loki screamed and the archers all let loose their arrows at a bright blue dragon swooping close.
A chill ran through his body. The Capital could have decided that he was too much trouble and killed him off camera. Or they could have dumped him unconscious near another tribute who could have easily finished him off. Tony had no way of knowing if he was ok.
When they got back to the house, Steve hopped out of the bed of the truck before it stopped moving, and stormed inside the house up to his room. He slammed the door and collapsed on the bed. The afternoon sun cast short shadows through the window, overexposing how ratty and dirty his room was in a grating bright light. He laid face down, then after a half hour of not being bothered, he turned over to watched dust motes dance through the air.
Christmas? Tony mentally did the math. Today was what, December 16th? Christmas was a little over a week away. He had lost track of time, he needed to start looking for gifts.
The two younger wolves pouted, but went out to the field to start milking the cows. He still didn’t like Tony, and he was better than to lead someone on just because they were useful to him. He wasn’t going to pretend to like him just for free work then send him home as soon as he stopped being useful. Unless something changed, Tony was going home tomorrow.
Tony shoved him again. He was prepared now, and didn’t move an inch. He smirked down at him and Tony huffed.
Jan started sniffling. “They have him under anesthesia in the back. They weren’t able to reattach his arm.”
Steve shrugged with a guilty look. Clint waved him off. “Don't listen to him. He loves Dottie, he thinks that one of theses days she's going to escape and go on some grand adventure. Mostly she just ends up in the ditch and Steve has to haul her out.”
“We can’t afford-” Steve started, before Clint stomped on his foot. The younger man then tried to act casual as Steve glared at him.
The team looked at each other grimly. Thanos was on his way, and they had only a few months to prepare.
Tony made a choked sound and Stane leaned in closer with a frown. Tony spat and growled, “I said fuck you.” He grabbed a metal pen from the desk and drove it through Stane’s eye.
“Oh, a check like this?” Tony said teasingly. He pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket and waved it in front of Steve’s face. Eyes wide, he grabbed it. Tony grabbed it back and gave it a brisk snap. “It came in the mail this morning. I already made all of the arrangements, I wasn’t going to get your hopes up until I was sure. And, now I’m sure.”
He wasn’t going to let him go. After Tony did this, he was going to be the next to die. He shook his head and was forced under the water again.
“I examined him before you got here and I determined that it is magic, of an ancient and powerful kind. She has sent him to a realm of dreams, where he is living in a perfect world, from which he will never want to return.”
Tony plucked the shield from the air as it whizzed past him and threw it back to Cap. It whirled across the sky, slicing through several birds before Cap caught it and hit another bird in one clean movement. ‘Yay for teamwork’, Tony thought to himself. The birds immediately reformed. Well, shit.
What was wrong with Tony, that his father didn’t love him, and now Obie didn’t either? What about him was so broken that the only thing he was worth to those around him was what he could be used for?
Then the door swung shut and they were home free, the sun shining brightly down on them as they raced through the parking lot.
Tony followed him off the stage, two more guards with guns following behind him. They went to the lower levels and the first guard gestured to a waiting car.
Steve nodded. He closed his eyes but he couldn’t sleep. He didn’t want to sleep, not when nightmares were waiting for him, and Tony was here. Despite Natasha’s warnings about pissing Tony off, this was the most receptive he’d been to Steve so far. Something about being awake it four in the morning made all of the complications of the world fall away, until it was just the two of them left with the bare essentials.
“I could maybe put it on the heel, get the energy out the same way I focus the unibeam, but as pure thrust with a lower heat to power ratio. A four inch flat heel isn't too bad, right?”
Seeing their reactions, Tony was forced to realize that they did not. Whenever they were hurt or ill, they suffered. It made him feel sick to his stomach. The Capital could help, why weren’t they helping?
The guy with long blonde hair from district 1 was lifting weights, and the trouble maker from 12 was talking to him. Tony gave them a wide berth, he didn't want to get yelled at again.
“Yup. And yet, you were still surprised.” Steve kneeled on the bank and reached out his hand to help pull him up. Tony grabbed his hand and put one foot on the wall of dirt. He used the leverage to pull and with a yelp Steve slid into the pond face first. He popped up to the surface with an outraged gasp. “I take it back, you failed initiation.”
Not-Cap raised an eyebrow and smiled. “Maybe you're doing it wrong then. My version seems to involve a lot more catching villains, saving cute guys and being an all around hero to the people.”
Steve was collecting the eggs from he barn and humming quietly. The chickens clucked peacefully to themselves outside in the sunlight, pecking the ground for bugs and seeds. Now that he knew Tony was going to stay, he felt lighter than he had in ages. So many of the problems weighing him down had been lifted. Plus now that the air between the two of them was cleared, and they could start over again with a clean slate, maybe start building their relationship to something beyond yelling. Things were looking up for the first time in months, and he felt downright hopeful for the first time since he lost his pack. He finished checking the last of the nests, and walked back inside to put the eggs away.
“That’s really something.” stuttered out Clint, pale as a ghost. He glanced at Steve, then Jan, and decided to stick to his plan. “Must have gotten jostled lose. Tell you what, I’ll go look in the barn for replacement parts, fix the truck tonight, and we can bring you home tomorrow. And in the meantime, maybe you could finish up fixing the heater. Since you’re stuck here and all.”
Steve crossed his arms. “So we're going to have to deal with furniture everywhere for the rest of the week, and have to deal with all of the noise and security risks of a party? Great.” he sighed.
Stane yelled for the peacekeepers and no one came, they were all downstairs trying to hold off the rebels at the entrance.
Something was wrong, something was very wrong. He tried to communicate with Tony through a look, and he looked away. Steve was frozen, unsure what was going on or what he needed to do, as hundreds of strangers stared at them.
“Enough,” a voice said, stopping Rumlow attack and silencing the cruel laughter of the men. Rumlow kneeled and held his head low.
As soon as they recognized him most of the group was disgusted, Bruce being the only exception. Steve crossed his arms.
“I'm good! Great. Excellent as always! Yes. Yup.” He rocked back and forth on his heels, which looked rather odd considering that he was wearing the travel sized equivalent of a tank. Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. Lord give him patience. “So Stark….”
Tony did his best to follow, and when they stopped Steve helped him sit down, making sure his ankle was ok. Steve stayed standing, pacing back and forth. He dug through his pockets and handed Tony a crumpled piece of paper. It was the note from the parachute. Tony carefully unfolded it and read the message. He looked back up at Steve. “I don’t understand. They think we’re cute and want us to win? We can’t both win, how would that work?”
He started setting that one after he lost a half a days work so he could lie in bed and have a self pity party. Save the grief for weekends was his motto, he'd deal with it then. Too bad cows didn't take weekends. Meant he didn't get weekends. Tony probably took weekends, and holidays too, the lazy bastard. He needed to drive him back today, and he wondered if the truck had enough gas to do it. It was probably rude to ask for gas money when dropping off the pack heir and telling his guardian that despite what they agreed yesterday, he was absolutely unsuitable. Yes sir, sorry sir, didn't work out, I'm a homebody, he likes adventure, I like the country, he likes the city, Im old fashioned and he's so modern, I'm a hard worker and he's too good to boil pasta, I'm a rancher and he's an absolute fucking nightmare. Don't suppose I could keep the dowry and you'd spot me a twenty for the gas I needed to haul him back?
As soon as he sat down Sam had him back up, asking “Hey Tony, could you come outside with me and check over the wings real quick? Something’s loose and I don't want them to explode while we're trying to enjoy a burger.”
He ripped the mask off, but it wasn’t Tony’s face staring up at him. It was his own, half his face covered by the familiar cowl.
“I seem to be trapped in a game of musical chairs today,” Tony sighed, sitting in his customary spot next to Steve. Tony picked up a menu, while the rest of the team looked at Sam who frowned and shrugged. Everyone ordered food, Steve, Brian and Thor getting multiple plates of food to make up for their increased metabolisms. The food came out quickly, since no one wanted to offend the heroes of New York in case it was their restaurant in danger the next time a villain came calling. Besides that, Tony had a reputation of leaving exorbitant tips.
Tony rolled the dice and he landed two sixes. The girls around him cheered and he pulled all of the chips in the center of the table into his already massive pile. A tall man with a military bearing pushed his way through the crowd and grabbed Tony by the shoulder. Tony turned with a scowl, then laughed when he realized who it was. “Rhodey! Hey! You here to play a game?”
Tony looped his arm around his shoulder and heaved them both up, wobbling under the weight. The Captain was not a small man, standing both tall and strong. Tony would not be able to carry him out of camp and to the woods, especially with his feet still cuffed and limiting his stride to a single half shuffling step. He would need to bring the medical bag too, since Steve was convinced the dragon was hurt. Tony thought as he dragged Steve past the sleeping guard, and silenced the hounds outside with quick pets and promises of future treats. They would have to take a cart. They were kept in a neat line outside the mine, and Tony opened the door of the first one and got Steve inside, setting him at the bottom. He got in himself and shut the door, and used one of the knives from the med back to pry off the front panel. The carts activated off of a key the overseer held, but Tony had built most of these carts himself, it was easy to rearrange a few wires. Steve peered over his shoulder impatiently. “What are you doing? We need to go.”
“I’m not always the most level headed person, but I wouldn’t have blown his arm off if I had heard from you, and not from watching a video as the finale of in an elaborate series of events set up by Zemo. By the way, he ever get that fixed?”
“I'm fine, thank you for asking. How are you?” Steve responded. He always tried to be polite, no matter if Tony was wearing on his nerves.
“I’m going to need more than that.” The challenge was clear. Tit for tat, sob story for sob story. Nothing short of that would do.
They were currently inside the game center, a building devoted entirely to the games. Right now Tony was on stage meant for interviews. There were training rooms below, and rooms for the contestants above, and in the basement was the control center for the actual arena. Leading up to the building was a long stretch of road with bleachers stretching high to the sky on either side, filled with people from the Capital who were lucky enough to get tickets.
He let go of Brian’s face and stood up. “Good news, you don’t have any brains coming out your ears, and whatever magic mumbo jumbo you have going on seems to be doing its stuff.”
Steve lead them to the nearest restaurant that was still open and serving food. One of the windows in the front was damaged, but it was otherwise unaffected by the attack. A waitress lead them to a table, where Tony helped Brian into a chair and sat beside him, tossing his gauntlets on the table with a clang.
Back at the table, there was an almost palpable tension. Steve was purposefully avoiding looking at Tony, and Sam was keeping his head down, picking at his food. Clint and Natasha were sending each other glances, and Thor was fiddling with his empty cup, instead of smashing on the floor and asking for another in his usual boisterous way. Tony broke the awkward silence by loudly pushing his chair back. “You guys ready to leave?” He asked.
Whatever test he had been posing, Tony just passed it, because he offered, “You should join our alliance. It’s me, Bruce, Thor, Natasha, and Clint. We promised each other that no matter what happens, we will protect and avenge each other. There’s only 12 people left, and if you join us our alliance we’ll make up half of it.”
Steve jumped down and landed on top of the peacekeeper who was reaching for Tony, knocking him to the ground. Steve got back to his feet and held up his fists. He decked the closet peacekeeper and got a baton to the face for his efforts. He went down like a rock and Tony forced himself onto his hurt ankle to stand over him. “Don’t you dare touch him,” Tony hissed. The peacekeeper swung his baton at him and Tony held up his arms to protect his face. It hit is forearms with a meaty thwack and Tony screamed in pain. A peacekeeper hit him from behind in the small of his back and Tony fell to one knee, still trying to cover Steve. One last hit to the head knocked him the rest of the way down, and he was unconscious before his face hit the dirt.
“I am already attached. We are destined! You would leave me grieving with not even a single memory of affection to hold close in the dead of night?”
There was a pause on the other side of the line. “Though I am under contract not to discuss any ghostwritten pieces, I have a strong history of published work and could show you some writing samples if you’re looking for a discrete author.”
“No, you were right, it was inconvenient, and I probably should have asked or at least mentioned it to you guys. I tend to get really excited about a project, and I sort of forget everything else. And I didn’t need to have a party anymore, since we celebrated.”
Steve blushed bright red and Tony walked away laughing. “Don't worry, I'll meet you in the hanger in five.”
Tony was bored of this. “Whatever, I don’t care.” He hung up the call. He got the contract in the mail the next day, and glanced over it. He raised the portion of money the ghost writers were getting to 100% of the total profits. He didn’t need more money, and he’d feel dirty getting anything off other people’s writing. He signed the contract and mailed it.
“Yeah. It was easy, I was the one who designed them. Though they were meant to be to protect our borders, I have no idea who approved their use in here. Once I’m out of here I’m going to be having strict words with people, I don’t know how this mistake could have happened.”
“I recognize them, I’ve taken them before. They speed up your body’s natural healing, about one week per pill. Should help with everything.”
“On it.” She started dragging people from the rubble as Steve advanced on the next wave of men. He needed something to throw. He lobbed a couple pieces of concrete and it knocked the men down well enough. He wished he had his shield, or even a gun. There had been no weapons at the negotiations and they hadn’t been back long enough to get rearmed. They didn’t have comms either, so were communicating through yelling. That was fine when Natasha was right next to him, less so for Sam who was flying around somewhere above.
Steve looked over his shoulder at Bruce who nodded. Steve let go of Tony and turned away, muttering. “Capital scum.”
Tony’s fingers tapped absentmindedly on the sides of his mug. He bled nervous energy at the best of times, and Steve was sure that wasn’t his first cup. Caffeine made Tony chatty so he decided to risk a pointed question.
“Less blood,” Steve said matter of fact, like he didn’t look absolutely wrecked.  “Last time your lip was split and you got blood in my mouth.”
It was clearly a sensitive subject so Tony dropped it. “I’m sure you’ll get there. Now, where to first?”
Tony stayed limp as Steve dragged him back into their little burrow, then brushed at the ground to hide the scuff marks. He slipped back into the burrow, bringing the parachute and carefully unscrewing the container.
Rhodey dragged him out of the casino and down the hallways of the hotel until they reached the small door that lead to the stylists, who were all running around in a panic. They gathered around Tony with brushes and powders, dabbing at him furiously with makeup. Tony pushed them off. “I’m fine, I already look fine.”
He found out who he was looking for in the corner of the room, trying to learn how to start a fire with sticks.
Before he had time to come to terms with that, they were sending him to Stuttgart, Germany, where the Chitauri had started a second invasion. New York was the first time they had won a victory against the aliens, and now they needed Steve again. With all his friends dead, he had no reason to say no. He headed out to the front tomorrow, this time with no loop to catch him if he stumbled.
Tony went back downstairs and Steve dragged Jan back outside before taking his hand off her mouth and letting her wiggle free.
She gave it to Tony with an exaggerated sigh. Tony moved the photo she took of him and Steve to the trash, then cleared the trash for good measure before handing it back.
“Great work, everyone move in. I want this guy surrounded, but we don't want to scare him into harming the hostage. I'm going in alone to try to talk to him.”
Tony shook his head. “Oh Steven, we both know I only agreed to marry you for your money. I want two rings or I’m walking.”
And Steve… If Steve were here everything would be better. Steve would stand up to Raza with no hesitation, and get all three of them out of there where they could be safe again. And he would fuss over Tony’s injuries like he always did, and give him little earnest smiles that made something inside Tony ache. He had to find his way back to them.
"Goddamn, you really did it, you really made it." There was wild laughter on the other end of the line. "Yeah sure, I'll give you a ride, I'll be there in ten."
Thankfully Yinsen didn’t fight him, instead looping an arm around his shoulders and helped to support his weight as they traveled as quickly as they could. The forest was large and they could have headed in any direction, so Tony hoped that Raza wouldn’t be able to catch up despite their slow pace because of Tony’s limp. They traveled for about ten minutes, and Tony felt hope building in his chest. Maybe they had escaped safely?
“That’s excellent news. I’ve worked with your family for quite a few years, I really didn’t want to have to foreclose on your ranch. It’s really a huge part of the history of the area.”
Tony stepped in front, joining the rest of the Rogers pack. He threw the ring at Stane, and it bounced off his chest and rolled away on the floor. “You promised me less than a half an hour ago that if I never told anyone what Pepper found out, you’d leave the rest of the Roger pack alone!”
Tony made sure to watch only the legal requirement's worth of the games after that, and at night when most of the contestants were sleeping and there was nothing going on.
Brian crossed his arms defensively. “Look, I told you what I know. I want to figure out what's going on just as much as you do.”
Tony’s nose crinkled as he focused. “I can hear you. I can hear you breathing, I can hear your heart.”
Raza’s eyes narrowed but he agreed, and helped them gather up the mines they had so they could head back to camp. They passed the river and Raza shoved Tony towards it so hard he stumbled, thankful not dropping any of the mines.
He tried to walk past but Bucky grabbed his arm. “It’s like you’re not even glad I’m back. It’s all Tony this, Tony that. Did you even miss me?”
Stane hummed low in his throat, a speculative sound. “Normally it’s a pain. This time it worked out in my favor so I suppose I can’t complain. I’ve got you right back where I want you. Hard to believe that I once considered you my successor. That’s a pretty little mask you put on for the rest of the world, you had me fooled. What is it your father was always nattering on about? Stark men are made of iron? It works from a distance.” Stane got up and walked around the desk, grabbing Tony by the chin and forcing his head up to meet his eyes. “Tony Stark, the child prodigy, the boy running circles around everyone else, always faster, smarter, better, hiding behind an armor of of jokes and jabs. And underneath it all? A lonely child, a desperate one. All it took was a stranger offering you the tiniest bit of affection and now here we are; in a horrible mess. Neither of us wanted things to turn out like this.”
I was the first one in the front door, and I went right back out again to make sure Jan and Clint wouldn’t see. I threw up, then we ran to the next house over, called the cops. The attackers were long gone by the time they got there, if they hadn’t already been by time we came home. The police ruled that it was wild animals of course, and it’s not like we could correct them. But it was murder. While we were playing, another pack came, and they killed everyone. Most the bodies were all torn up. The rest were plain gone.
Steve glanced over Tony’s head at Clint and Jan who were looking at him in shock and horror. “Probably not. But since that was your family ring, I think we’re even. We'll get them back. Now let’s get out of here, you have a computer to buy.”  Sure it had been a gift from his Ma and it had originally been his Pa’s, but somehow he couldn’t find a way to regret it. He liked to think they would be proud of his choice. The three of them got into the truck and Steve drove them the short trip to the supermarket. Steve pulled into the parking lot, and Tony hopped out of the truck and helped Jan and Clint out.
“It’s not over! Man up and fix it!” Tony snarled through gritted teeth. Steve slammed a fist into the ground.
He felt his heart speed up as the nurse got higher with the hose, and Tony grabbed his hand. He ran his fingers through Steve’s hair, finger combing out the dust and small pieces of gravel. Steve jerked as Tony touched a tender part. Tony immediately pulled his hand away.
“You...took apart our radiator.” Steve sighed. Crazy to imagine that he had made it almost a full minute without being tired of putting up with Tony’s nonsense. Tony, like always, did not seem to care.
“Tony Stark, as pack Alpha, it is my honor to welcome you to the Rogers’ pack. Congratulations on passing initiation.”
Steve glanced around his team to judge their reactions. None of them seemed happy, most likely hoping for full absolution for facing the coming threat, but it looked like they would be willing to settle for this for the time being. Steve was going to fight in the upcoming battle even if the UN sent their entire security force after them. Still, things would be significantly easier if they didn’t have to worry about staying on the run and could reunite the teams. Steve nodded decisively.
Steve picked up his phone and read the recipe. “The first ingredient is flour. Did you add three cups?”
"Sorry Mon Capitan,” said Tony, not looking at all apologetic. “I needed time to set this bad boy up.” He gave the box he was tinkering with a shake, slammed on the top a few times, and the box starting emitting a screeching noise. Everyone covered their ears and winced away.
After dinner Steve was tired. He always slept a lot when he was healing. The rest of the team banned him from helping to clean up, so he made his was back to his room, Tony following a half step behind in case he stumbled. Tony paused at the doorway as Steve carefully lowered himself down onto the bed.
“Take the dildo out,” he rasped, and Tony hurried to comply. He eyed the fifth and six toys in the line with a mix of excitement and unease, but Steve shook his head. “Not tonight. I need you now, and you’ve been so good for me.” He settled himself at last on the bed, not beside Tony but underneath him. Tony wasn’t remotely sure that he had the muscle control left to ride Steve as their positions suggested he was expected to, but he still lubed Steve up when he was told and straddled his huge frame the best he could.
“Recognize it, huh? One of my very helpful benefactors at Stark Industries found footage of that ol’ baldie takin’ the first one outta you, and I figured if it was good enough for him it should suit me fine too. I made a few upgrades, of course, since baldie didn’t have to deal with the suit but the general point…” With a sudden jerking motion he pressed the device against the armour. Steve heard a soft hissing noise followed by groaning protests from the metal of the suit as the arc reactor was torn away. Steve watched, unable to look away from the dark, cavernous space it left behind in the Iron Man armour, and for the first time since the other version of the man he loved had died, he prayed.
“I got it,” Steve volunteered, jogging to the basket and not caring remotely about the amusement he could hear his eagerness causing the rest of the team. Tony settled in front of Natasha with a quiet sigh. He was still in his suit from work, and Steve took a long moment to admire the sight, which was one he’d never seen before; the other version of Tony had needed strict boundaries between his job and his submission, which had always included changing out his suits before doing anything like kneeling. Boundaries were important and Steve had never begrudged him this, but the juxtaposition of the power and authority of Tony wearing an expensive and perfectly tailored suit while on his knees for them made Steve shiver.
“No apologies are necessary, Captain. My preferences should not be given priority. I simply dislike reviewing evidence of my own failure.”
“Wait, is he religious or something? Oh man, I made a Jesus joke the other day that would have been so offensive—”
“I do apologize, Sir, but Agent Coulson has used his override codes. I am therefore required to inform you immediately that he requires further corrections to your mission report regarding Taskmaster’s assault on the Tower.” Tony groaned, forgetting that he was holding a beta attempt at Clint’s ill-advised boomerang arrows until he hucked the thing at the wall and was forced to duck as it careened back toward him, arrowhead first. Butterfingers caught it in her claw and wheeled over to hand it back off to Tony with a self-satisfied hum.
, Sam! I’m sure you’re practically getting off on the level of dysfunction around here right now, but I’m not a goddamn project. Some people ain’t interested in being fixed, even by you.”
He was also incredibly tactile. Out of the entire team only Steve tended to touch Tony less than Bucky did, but tonight the other man was all over him, pressing himself up against Tony’s side, ruffling his hair whenever Tony said something that amused him, even holding his hand under a blanket at one point like they were teenagers hiding from their parents.
Steve strode over to Natasha’s corner of the room and flipped the hammock over; Natasha was too coordinated to land on her butt, but she did flail as she was evicted from her resting spot, which was almost as good. Steve then took the hammock’s anchors out of the wall for good measure, glaring around the room and daring the rest of the team to keep arguing. (They didn’t.)
As we enter that home stretch, I continue to love, value and appreciate all of your comments, kudos, and questions. Please keep them coming when and if you are able, and feel free to let me know, too, if there's anything you're especially eager or interested in seeing before the conclusion.
“Alright, so what do we have as options…well half of this is just super kinky sex, and that is just…yeah, no. Jay, get rid of anything that relies primarily or exclusively on sexual forms of submission.” That narrowed the field considerably, which was both alarming and a relief, because there was no way Tony was willing to go there with any of them yet, but especially Cap. “Okay. Okay, the food stuff I already sort of knew based on what Rhodey said. Asking Cap to cook for me is gong to be way too much of a giveaway, but put food on the list, Jay. I’ll think of something. What else, what else…I can’t kneel for Cap, especially not after how we ended things last time. I don’t have a collar or anything else to ‘symbolize my commitment to my submission,’ fucking hell why is this so complicated?”
Please keep your questions, kudos, comments, and requests coming. Several of them have already shaped AskStrange stuff coming up this week, as well as some events in the main verse!
And hey, did I mentioned that you're all wonderful humans lately? Thank you for sticking with me, and for taking time out of days that are exhausting and draining in a lot of ways to provide kudos, questions, and comments. It is a privilege and a delight talking with all of you.
I hope you all stay safe and well, and that you're being as gentle with yourself and others as you can.
“I know. But we’re all really proud of you Steve, and you’re going to come out the other side of this thing.”
The Avengers were amongst the most active people Steve had ever met. Not just physically, though of course keeping fit played a huge part in how many of them spent both work and leisure time. As a bunch, they also just weren’t the type inclined towards long sedentary periods; most of them associated such stretches with either illness or injury, and while they did come together to support/supervise their teammates when either struck, they all tended to be happiest with bodies and minds engaged.
He should have said goodnight then, claimed a headache or something. That, Tony would own, was a mistake. But Steve had been adorably excited about their scene all day, and whatever Tony’s extremely mixed feelings about pretty much everything to do with submission, he wasn’t fucking immune to the desire to please and satisfy his Dominant. How bad could it possibly be?
“Some branches of government and religion tend to imagine that their God cares very much what goes on in people’s bedrooms. Anyway, the next part is even murkier, but I’m guessing that after Tony came back, Fletcher realized that their original plan to pit SI against Steve wasn’t going to work. People love Steve and Tony too much to be okay with Tony’s company actively opposing Steve’s. They needed a cover, and I think Melissa Collins was invited today because CNOW was supposed to provide that. SI wouldn’t be coming out against Steve or SHIELD then, just in favour of ‘healthy’ traditional orientations. Only Tony apparently saw her in the building, put all of this together and acted first, effectively declaring open war.”
It's so exciting to really be digging into things now. Thank you so much for your comments and encouragement thus far, I love hearing from you! And you can, as always, feel free to #AskStrange if you have specific questions you want him to cover.
A heaviness settled on Tony. It wasn’t learning that Howard had chose him over Steve and immediately regretted it; that was actually a relief. Tony had been doomed to disappoint Howard Stark before he had ever even been born. It was nothing he could ever have controlled or fixed if he’d just said or done something different. For once, Tony’s Daddy issues were not even close to his biggest problem.
Steve appeared in the penthouse Thursday evening, not at seven thirty as they’d agreed, but just after five. The combination of his early entrance and the fact that he was wearing a suit—a suit that didn’t just
“Steve.” He didn’t want to look at him, he wanted to hide in a cavern somewhere and never be seen again, but Steve’s voice right now was everything he’d ever wanted from the man and had never dared to really expect. When their eyes locked, Steve repeated, “Steve. Not Cap, not Rogers, not anyone else who is not you and I in this room right now. Can we start there?”
Silence blanketed the shop. Tony paced, while Barnes remained stock-still. After half a minute, the wood at the corner of the bench Barnes was still gripping split under the pressure. Butterfingers chirped in alarm, then began seeking out a broom, which Barnes seized from her when she made to clean up the block of splintered wood that had fallen to floor. (At least, the wood that wasn’t embedded in the flesh of Barnes’ palm from the look of things.)
her.” Had it started as early as that? Even Steve hadn’t realized. But increased empathy, bordering on fixation about ensuring the happiness and wellbeing of all familiar submissive was one of the earlier signs of Dom-dep. “I am unclear about the exact extent of your relationship with her, however, so I was not sure I was correct until today, when Captain Angzata told me he appeared to have woken you when he delivered your lunch trays.”
“I…fuck, I’m sorry. I came up here to watch this because I didn’t want to upset anyone, but I’ve never actually seen this guy I’ll be impersonating in a couple of days, and I felt like I probably should.”
It did, actually, sound doable. Not being able to kneel as long as the others could had once been a hugely difficult thing for Tony to try to accept, but Clint especially had been annoyingly insistent in his efforts to re-direct Tony’s focus.
Sometimes being a Dominant was far more about sacrifice than people realized, and this was definitely one of those times. Steve was fairly certain he nearly pulled a muscle trying not to laugh at the realization of just how wrong he’d been. Tony wasn’t upset because Phil had harmed him, or because their scene had gone horribly, catastrophically wrong. He was mortified because Coulson had been so incredibly successful at Domming him
Well I don't know about anyone else, but this week felt about a year long for me. I'm feeling pretty drained and defeated by the world.
“Finally decided to get out of bed, huh sweetheart?” He couldn’t quite place the tone in Steve’s voice, which was warm and soft as always, but also threaded with something like a secret. He frowned at the smoothie that was handed to him, trying to put together the pieces of this puzzle. “Didn’t get dressed up though, I see. Can’t say I mind the thought of you sitting around all day in my clothes. You been missin’ me while I’m at work?”
“I’m starving,” he said instead, thinking of the jutting bones at Tony’s waist and Bruce’s countless notes in their shared folder about his sporadic food intake. “Want a hot dog?”
Natasha’s face wasn’t giving anything away, but getting a better look at the knife in her hand did. It was perfectly-sharpened and immaculate the way all Natasha’s blades were, but it didn’t look like anything he’d ever seen her wield before. The tip wasn’t a sharp point in the middle of the blade, but rather aligned almost perfectly with the cutting edge. The shape of the handle, too, would have been incompatible with the kinds of holsters Natasha most preferred. And the design was all wrong for Natasha; the handle was too ornate, too delicate for the kinds of ops where Natasha tended to prefer knives over her Bites.
Though he at least aimed a fond smile in Tony’s direction, Steve was already halfway out of bed in and in the middle of accepting the pile of clean clothing Dummy held aloft in his claw. It was like watching some twisted version of woodland creatures helping a Disney princess get dressed in the morning, Dummy trilling like a tiny annoying bird and all. To Tony’s continued bafflement, this happened every day that the bot and super soldier went to bed and woke up in the same room. Each night, Steve picked out his clothes for the following day and left them in a neat pile, and every morning Dummy picked them up and brought them to Steve in varying states of wrinkled disarray. It was obviously a habit they’d picked up after Mark II had died, when Dummy had lived with Steve and Bucky, and it was as ridiculous as it was sweet.
“In the early days of team training exercises there were enough Hulk-outs and corresponding property destruction that Doctor Banner requested that the gym feature some of the same safety measures, yes. But Sir occasionally found ways to put his own…rather unique spin on things when he was well and truly frustrated.” Without further explanation, a dazzling array of digital projections lit up the room. Several of them were enemies that Mark 2 had apparently longed to inflicted more punishment on; those were definitely digital Chituari flying around the northeast quadrant, and a digital-Vanko waiting in the corner, repulser-powered whips at the ready. But whatever program JARVIS was running didn’t stop at offering up the ghosts of villains-past. The room was also populated by a host of movie and television villains—Darth Vader was hanging out next to a digital Justin Hammer, and appeared on the verge of Force-choking the guy. (Might be best to let that one play out. For science.) The Wicked Witch of the West was flying through the air near the Chitauri, tossing what looked like—
Steve learned very quickly that Dr. Domen had taken him at face value when he’d asked to be put to work. The first thing she had done was up the intensity of their schedule, so that they would be meeting three and sometimes four times a week rather than their usual one or two. He had attempted to protest that he still had a job that required his occasional attendance, but she had shut that down with brutal, calm efficiency.
“You can,” Steve vowed, tightening his hold on Tony’s dick and starting to work it, focusing on the head with ruinous twists of fingers. “You can give this to me, Tony. Give me everything. I’ll catch you, I promise I will. Just let go.”
Tony didn’t intend what happened next. He panicked, pure and simple. He had no reason to think that his relationship with the Soul Stone would show up on a routine blood panel—it certainly hadn’t in his own world—but what if it was different here? What would they do if they found out he was not only not oriented the way that was natural for them, but that Tony shouldn’t even exist by the laws of nature? He had barely come to grips with it himself; there was no way that whatever was between them would survive it. Plus if they took his blood, got their hopes up that Tony might be like them, only to get let down for a second time…nope, nope, nope. He’d end up as a SHIELD lab experiment if he was lucky.
After the coup, Tony had been dumped in the center of the mining camp along with everyone else in the government who had refused to submit and were still alive. There weren’t many, most having been executed at the castle as an example to others, and most of the rest dying of their wounds before they could start the journey. Tony held on to life with a iron force of will, lasting long enough to reach the capable hands of Yinsen, a castle doctor who had been banished with the rest when he refused to treat Loki’s men. Though his spirit was strong, his flesh was weak, and no matter how tightly his wound was bandaged Tony continued to bleed and his heart beat faded. Once they reached the camp people gathered around them. The camp was made up of prisoners, forced to do grueling work in the dangerous mines. They recognized Tony, from the carts that he had built them that saved them so much time and effort hauling rock. They had been willing to spare a battery from one of those carts, and Yinsen was able to set it deep into the wound and save him.
Steve gave him an unimpressed glare. “I’m no fool, Tony. I would see that for a lie even if our bond was not screaming with your deception."
There was a loud clatter from the kitchen, loud enough to drown out the sounds of the baseball game on TV. Steve twisted over the back of the couch to see the source of the noise, just in time to see Tony knock an entire bag of flour on the floor in his desperate bid to keep the measuring cups from falling off the counter top.
Brian gave him a bitter close mouthed smile. “The Queen didn't want to advertise to any sorcerers that our gates are now wide open. I could be jailed for sharing such information with you, but if I can't trust the Avengers, who can I trust?” He said. “Besides, I couldn’t doubt a face as pretty as yours.”
Tony watched him closely. He didn’t seem hurt; if anything he seemed drunk. Christine plowed ahead as if he had given a reasonable answer to her last question.
“Nothing?” Steve asked in a weird voice. Tony hesitated. The way Steve had asked, it seemed like agreeing would be a bad thing. Tony reviewed what he said and didn’t see anything wrong. Steve would always be his friend. For a long time Tony had hoped for more, but after so many years of neither of them making a move, he had given up, and convinced himself that it was for the best. If Steve was interested in something more he would have said something by now, so Tony wasn’t going to risk scaring off one of the most important people in his life over a unrequited crush.
He shoved Tony back and lunged at Clint, then fell face first onto the ground as Tony used his own momentum against him to trip him. He pushed himself back up to his feet with a growl. The desire to shift and duke it out was strong, but in public like this, that wasn't an option. Before he made it even a step Tony dropped him again with a sweeping kick. Though he was average fighter at best as a wolf, he must have taken some sort of self defense class as a human. Steve learned his lesson and stayed on the ground. He reached out with one hand to grab for Clint’s ankle as Jan ushered him back and towards the car. Tony stomped on his hand. Hard. Steve howled and curled around it for a second. He flexed it, then made a fist. No broken fingers. He sat up and Tony tensed.
Raza scowled as he looked over his shoulder at the wires pouring out of the landmine. He knocked Tony to the ground with a backhanded swipe. “You think I’m stupid? You will have them working by sundown today, or else I’ll kill your little friend.”
The door of the supply closet burst open to reveal several peacekeepers, with Stane at the front. Chrsitine stood behind them, holding a camera.
Tony stared at the wall, and halfheartedly tried to rub a bit of soot off his palm. “I have a point to this. Or at least I was trying to reach a point. I don’t think it worked. Nothing much seems to work around here.”
“Oh, I bet. I saw him helping you out in the woods.” Clint said, wiggling his eyebrows. “You guys didn’t get that far with limpy there and they don’t call me Hawkeye for nothing.”
“Oh God, here we go again. It wasn’t your all your fault. I should have brought up the accords to you much earlier, and there isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t regret attacking your friend. It had been a long day, Ross was threatening me, then I got one shock after another and I exploded. I’m sorry.”
“You’re the first person I call when I want to get wasted. We’re not friends, and I don’t know if we ever were.”
On the other side of the line Rhodey snorted. “No you won’t. I gotta go, don’t want to get in trouble for not listening to the broadcast.”
Steve was feeling pretty good the next day. All of the cuts had switched from hurting to itching, and Tony was a warm and comforting weight in front of him. Hard to believe that a few days ago he had been grateful to have Tony’s coat, and now he had the man himself. He rubbed his hand up and down Tony’s back until he woke up with a sleepy yawn. Tony stretched and rolled over to face him, blinking slowly. Steve brushed a hand down the side of his face, and Tony closed his eyes again, luxuriating in the contact.
“They’re not like you, or me, or any of the other people in the Capital. If you set them loose in an open space like this, they’ll kill each other. That’s why they need us. That’s why the Capital is in control, and all the districts must follow our rules.”
Obie led him inside the tasteful office, and offered him a glass of scotch which Tony gratefully took. He sat down in one of the comfortable chairs facing the desk and Obie sat on the other side.
“Gee Janny, remember the time he found a baby goose and raised it himself after we found it's Ma splattered on the road?”
Absolutely nothing was going on, and somehow it was all too much. Around noon, there was a gentle knock at the door. Steve didn’t respond, and after a moment Jan let herself in. She took a breath. “Look, I’m still mad at you for yelling at Clint and trying to go after him. But I think it’s important that everybody gets along, so maybe you want to come get some lunch, and we could talk it out?”
Well, not after today. This was the first time a he had stepped foot in the bank to actually pay off a loan, and not beg for more time or yet another. It was a heady feeling.
“You’re not going to write it. It’s going to be a travel book, to fit with your account theme, and we’re going to hire locals for each piece, to give it an authentic flair. We’re going to have articles on the company mixed in too, it’s called native advertising and it’s all the rage these days. All you have to do is agree to put your name and picture on the cover.”
“But you just got here?” Steve asked in shock. Bucky was being annoying but that didn’t mean he could just leave, less than a day after they got him back.
So, yeah, I like you, Tony. I like running with you as a wolf, I like watching the faces you make eating canned ravioli, I like your refusal to be anyone other than yourself, I like how you take bad news as a personal challenge to fix things. I like that I can trust you, and you trust me enough to tell me this stuff. I like you, and Jan and Clint like you too. In a few weeks we’re going to get married, and it’s going to be as ugly as Indries can get away with, and it’s going to be long and I won’t know anybody and will probably spill food on you and we won’t have real rings.
Steve was pleased and unsurprised to be getting his way, that jerk. “Let's get a move on before these birds destroy every window in the city.”
“They’re just trying to keep you safe,” Obie said patiently. “Do you need to go through the training again?”
“I can smell someone cooking downstairs. Must have been Jan who came in, because it doesn’t smell burnt.” Tony paused and Steve had to bite back a grin as he heard Tony make a cute little sniffling noise. “Anything else?”
Tony was bent over the desk trying to process this. Why the hell had they picked him? He had let the atrocities of the Capitol continue for years, living his life in ignorance and excess. People were dead because he hadn’t kept track of what happened to his designs after he handed them over to Stane. And the worst part was that if things had gone differently, he wouldn’t have changed. If he hadn’t chased after Steve and been sentenced to fight in the arena, he would still be living on like he always had. And now the whole country was expecting him to fix everything?
“I was trying to protect you. I didn’t know how to say it without hurting you, so I kept pushing it off and it ended up hurting you more. I messed up.”
Raza nodded and went back to sit under the lean to, where he slowly sharpened his knife in a quiet threat. Tony heaved out a deep breath. He had no doubt that Raza would follow through if Tony didn’t produce something, but he didn’t want to give him a working bomb to hurt someone else with either. They would have to try to make a run for it. Tony pretended to work, while keeping a close eye on Raza. When he got up and wandered away to go to the bathroom in peace, Tony grabbed Yinsen by the arm and started dragging him into the woods in the other direction.
Steve seemed willing to humor him with a subject change. “That’d be pretty swell Tony, but how would you power them?”
Steve seemed to be doing the same to him, taking him in like he had never seen him before. He brushed his hand down the side of Tony’s face.
“That didn’t stop me from going after Bucky and it will not stop me now. Two people stand no more chance of being spotted than one, and this way I can act as a look out while you do your work.” He turned to everyone else at the table. “Gather everyone capable of fighting, we march for the castle at first light tomorrow.”
“When you say it like that, it’s a lot of stuff. But I never notice any of that. I go to bed and stare at the ceiling and everything is so dead quiet it makes my thoughts a hundred times louder until it’s been hours and it’s dark and I can’t sleep because everything is just rattling around and I just really need to know if you like me. Because we sort of had a moment, like a
“They’re arguing over who has to cook. I ordered pizza while they were fighting, they’ll stop as soon as it gets here. Room ok?”
For now he went back to the room they used to share, and the door opened with a woosh. It used to push open, now it was electric and sealed tightly. That was the only change he could see. Stepping into the room made him blink, because everything was the same. It looked like they had gone down for breakfast and now we're coming back up to finish getting ready for the day. The bed was neatly made; between Steve’s mom training as a nurse and his time in the army, and Tony’s long stint in boarding schools, neither of them could stand to leave it unmade. Mess manifested itself in other ways. Steve’s robe over the back of a desk chair. Tony’s slippers half sticking out from under the bed. Paperwork on the desk, a cup overfilled with pens because when someone offered him a free pen Steve took it, even as Tony whined and offered to buy him nice ones, pens that worked upside down and in space and were heat and waterproof. His desk plant was dead from lack of water. Above the desk was a cork board that Steve had filled with pictures of them and ticket stubs from events they had gone to. After four years the board was covered, with things overlapping and hanging off from the sides and bottom. He opened the closet and Tony’s clothes were gone, leaving it almost empty, with Steve’s stuff filling up barley an eighth of the space. He never got the need to have four black tuxedos when you could wash the one, or having suits of every cut, color, and style because fashion changed seemingly every week, but he also didn’t have to spend twenty hours a week in a suit, so what did he know. He looked in the bathroom and things looked undisturbed there too. Tony’s toothbrush was still in the cup so he must have given up on dealing with moving out at this point and bought new things. Steve went back out and took his shoes off and laid down on the bed. There was no dust in the room, though that could have been because the room was almost airtight at this point and not because Tony was coming back to clean. He tilted his head sideways to look at the clock on the nightstand. It was about noon, the team would most likely be gathering downstairs for lunch. He squinted at the nightstand. It looked wrong somehow. He sat up and pushed the picture frames around. There was a picture of them at Coney island, a picture of the team getting shawarma, a picture of Tony’s birthday….there should have been one more. There had been a black wood frame, with a picture of them on the couch. They hadn’t been doing anything special, they weren’t dressed up. They weren’t even looking at the camera, instead looking at each other with the kind of expression that made Clint make gagging noises at them for being sickeningly sweet. Natasha had taken the picture, and he had liked it so much he had had it printed and put it on the nightstand. Apparently it had been special to Tony too, because it was the only one that was missing.
“You named the cows? God, I take it back. You and the hillbilly are perfect for each other. You can shovel cow shit all day together, then at night he can beat you up and you’ll thank him. Before you know it, you’ll be half feral and marking your territory with piss. I’ve heard that they still shift, that they run around on hands and feet like wild animals. Fighting each other. Killing things. Eating them. Is it true?” Indries asked with morbid fascination.
Stane huffed dismissively and motioned his men forward. “I make more money in a day than you will see in your entire life. I don’t care about a minuscule plot of land in the middle of nowhere. Guards, remove this man.”
“Leave him alone! What is wrong with you?” Tony pushed the man away and felt a sharp pain in the back of his head, and everything went dark.
Steve looked at Tony, then back at Jan who was holding the hammer. He let out a wild laugh. “Yes Jan, what are you doing with that hammer? And- oh my! Whatever has happened to our poor washing machine?” He said, projecting pure innocence.
“Do I come to your kitchen often? Never before this week, but I'm willing to change that now that I know it's filled with studs like you.” He drawled, finishing with a wink. Steve squeaked, turned even redder, and ran out of the room. Oh god he did like him. Ohhhhhh shit. In the hallway he leaned against the wall and slid to the floor. He was twenty one years old, he should not be acting like a dumb teenager. This was so far out of any of his previous experiences, and completely out of left field from the guy who had been screaming at him less than 24 hours ago. Inside the kitchen he heard Tony asking in confusion, “What did I say?”
“Well if it's dumb and it works, it isn’t dumb, that my motto,” replied Tony. He knelt in front of the bench. He took off his helmet and pushed his hair flat. Brian whistled.
Tony swung a fist at him, and as Stane raised his arm to block the knife went skidding across the room. Stane lunged after it and Tony tackled him to the ground, feeling the knife skitter across his ribs as Stane slashed at him. Tony wrestled the knife away and held it to Stane’s throat, straddling his chest and keeping him pinned to the ground.
“I certainly wouldn’t want any more paperwork. I guess you better stay.” Steve said, the corner of his mouth quirking up into a grin. Tony smiled back and held out his hand.
The guards stepped back and Tony went into the office, pulling the door shut behind him. At his desk Stane quickly closed all the files he was working on.
“Good job big guy, great, can you tell me what hurts? I can’t tell what’s you and what’s parts of the other guy.”
He didn't want to think about what that meant. Later, once he was back in the Capitol, he would get the full story for why his weapons were being misused like this.
“You know, just because you’re rich, doesn’t mean you can get away with being a total dick all the time. Guess what? I’m rich too, and furthermore, I’m your best friend, so you don’t get to treat me like this.”
Steve gave him a small smile. “That’s true. I would have been happy to find any of the Avengers, but I’m glad it was you.”
“I better try anyway, so I know the best place to take Christine to when we come back later. Let’s go!”
So Tony made his plans, to sabotage Loki’s machines, to fight in the coming battle, and then to grab a few things and set off on his own. Maybe he would go down to the sea, and board a ship. Or he could go south, where fields stretched lush and green. Where he went didn’t matter, as long as he was gone before Steve had a chance to notice. They would assume that he died in the battle, and mourn him, never having learned the truth. Tony was sure that they would move on and forget him soon enough, and Steve could find someone better.
He heard Steve back away, and he felt a pang of guilt. Steve didn’t deserve to be snapped at. He turned around to apologize and saw Steve climbing up the river bed with his hands cupped. Steve came closer and offered his his hands, filled with icy river water.
After packing up their stuff, they all boarded the jet and started the trip. Steve was going as leader of the Rogues, and bringing everyone else along with him, hopefully to stay. The flight lasted about six hours even on the fancy Wakandan jet, and they arrived around nightfall. Carol Danvers, had created them politely and showed them to a set of three adjacent rooms in a small hotel adjacent to the government center, before retiring for the night. Guards walked along a chain link fence surrounding the whole property, and cameras watched from above. Though they had been promised full immunity for the duration of the talks, he felt trapped. Steve settled into his room and then the three of them had met up in Sam’s room to talk strategy. The talks tomorrow would be vital to their future, but as Natasha and Sam strategized Steve found his mind drifting. Tony was somewhere inside this fence. Maybe somewhere inside this very building. It was late, he was probably in bed, though knowing Tony, the late hour was no guarantee. Tony had always had troubles sleeping over the course of the four years they were together. Steve had to drag him to bed almost every night, and Tony would toss and turn for hours until Steve pinned him down and growled at him to please just go to sleep! It used to drive him nuts. Sometimes he’d wake up, an unconscious itch under his skin dragging him awake, and he’d find the other side of their bed empty. And he would go downstairs to the basement, where blue lights shone bright in the dark house, where impossible ideas blossomed into new life while the rest of the world slept the sleep of the dead. Down in the basement, Tony was completely in his element, writing the future in lines of fire, his hands a blur, his eyes manic. Steve had asked him once, why he worked with such fervent desperation. Tony had answered with big words, with grand visions, and with poorly concealed fear; his normally impenetrable masks broken down by time and exhaustion and familiarity, until all that was left was a man desperately making the future a better place, because he couldn’t bear to spend another second in his own past.
“Nu uh, I didn’t get pushed into a lake for nothing. I am part of this pack, and I have every right to tell you that this isn’t discipline, this is bullying. Just because you’re being a huge baby and having a little tantrum doesn’t mean you get to take it out on Clint.”
Steve tried to unwrap the bandage and Tony screamed. Tony covered his mouth and Steve put his hand over top a second later. Tony felt tears build in the corners of his eyes.
Indries' mouth fell open. “That’s a yes. God, in this day and age." She leaned in and Steve had to strain to hear even with werewolf senses. "You need to be carefully, Tony," she cautioned. "I brought you a bag. A full month’s dose. Surrounded by these savages the pull is going to be even stronger. Don’t surrender yourself to the beast.”
In previous chapters, Steve makes an agreement with Stane to marry Tony. He doesn't like Tony but he needs the dowry to pay off the debts on his ranch after his pack was killed, and they fall short anyway. They pawn their stuff to buy Tony a computer which he uses to make up the extra money. When they go back to the pawn shop Tony's ring is gone. Steve proposes anyway, having learned to love Tony. Bucky comes back from the dead, but what he's been hearing sounds odd so after a fight with Steve he leaves to go investigate further. The wedding happens, and Tony is upset after a confrontation with Stane, and the return of his ring. He still says "I do", then Bucky bursts in and claims that Stane killed the Roger pack. Tony says that it is true, Pepper showed him proof the previous day and Stane threatened him to keep silent. Shield and the guards fight while the main characters take on Stane. Stane morphs into a huge wolf and admits that he killed the Roger pack to scare his pack into taking suppressants that block shifting. He also had Yinsen working on a serum to make the wolves bigger and strong, and had him killed when he started filling Tony's head with doubts about weapons. They kill Stane but Bucky loses his arm.
Bucky pulled back reluctantly, shaking his head. “No, it’s just me. I was sick the day they came, remember? And Ma didn’t want me to leave the house. But I snuck out after you guys anyway, a couple hours after you left. When I got to the mill no on was there anymore, so I headed home, only to find the doors open and everyone dead. So I turned and ran like mad. I didn’t have any plan beyond getting as far away as possible. I was up north for a while, spent most of my time as a wolf, mourning and trying to decided what to do. Finally I decided that no mater what the danger was, I had to take back our home. I came back down to Evergreen and I ran into a small pack just a couple miles from here.  They told me the whole Roger pack was dead, and they offered to let me join them, and together we would kill the thieves and take back the ranch. They're camped near by, and they planned to attack as a pack at night a week from now, but I couldn’t wait. I came to investigate who had stolen our home, and caught your scent. I expected to be fighting off the bank and a rival pack, and instead I found you!”
It wasn’t a question. Steve felt anger bubble up. “I’m also good at leaving from where I’m not wanted. If you’ll excuse us?”
“Tony, we are literally five minutes away, and I specifically asked you not to engage,” Cap started, but par for the course, Tony wasn't paying attention. His eyes followed the black mist and he realized that the birds he hit weren't dissolving into nothingness like he assumed, as much as they were reforming into one giant bird. A very angry giant bird.
Before he could ask any more questions the green guy was hustled off the stage and it was time for a new contestant. Tony would have to find him later. For now he suffered through another twenty contestants, Christine cutting him off whenever he tried to talk and the teleprompter no longer showing his name, until they reached the last one.
At Steve’s look Tony sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “I was having a bit of a melt down and Obie wanted to shuffle me out of the way before I did something really stupid and hurt the pack."
Tony didn’t respond. She wasn’t special, that was the problem. She was a hot fan, a pleasant distraction from his week of meetings. At the end of the week he was coming to go back to California, and never see her again. He didn’t know anything about her besides her first name and her number. Steve was the one who was special. Steve was the one who made him laugh and made him feel more carefree than he had for years. Steve was the one who was showing him the hidden wonders of the city, and letting him try things he had always wanted to do and been denied as a kid. Steve was the one he wanted to go home with tonight. Fuck.
Steve was looking at him, a mixture of curiosity and pride waring in his eyes. “You know many things for a healer.”
Tony continued. “I said I hated how you go through more mood swings than a 13 year old girl! Help me understand! What am I doing that’s making you run so hot and cold?”
What was the first step of camping? Probably set up the campsite. He unpacked his bag to see what he had got. He made a mental list:
“Fine!” Tony shouted back. He forced himself to his feet and was able to stand with a slight wobble. He climbed out through the hole and into the courtyard. People were fighting everywhere he looked, with swords and bows and fists. Tony limped around to the front of the building and went back inside the prison. He grabbed the keys from where Hank had left them on the wall and let the other prisoner out. The man grabbed his shoulder in surprise and thanks. “You came back for me.”
“Thank you. It’s nice to see you, Christine.” Steve responded. He’d have to try to get out of this as quickly as possible, he could see Tony moving away already, and he didn’t want to miss his chance.
Overall, it was a good first day back. Great, even. Almost perfect. They ate cake (after Steve stealthily hid the shortcake away- thankfully Tony had ordered several small cakes this time to avoid certain people from finishing it all.) Clint showed Steve some video games and they played for a while. They all watched old Disney movies together, Thor asking hilarious questions about animal communication, only slightly confused when everyone had to explain to him that deer and rabbits can't actually talk. Then they all shared an early dinner and went their separate ways to get ready for the work week. So yeah, a good, good day.
Steve looked at him, and after a second, laughed with him. "Sorry," he said between breaths, "It's just, it's a big deal. I'm proud of my team." Steve radiated with happiness.
"Oh, Lord. You remember that night, huh?" Tony blushed, embarrassed. Steve recalled the slightly awkward dance that started off their adventure that night, but it had been a fun, if not hilarious memory for him. They had gotten to look at all the expo inventions all by themselves, he saw a robot that could translate any language in real-time, tiny nano-organisms that would repair internal damage to injured people, he even got to see the "flying" car, though it hadn't been all that successful.
"It's okay." Steve wished he wouldn't turn it off. He actually really liked Tony's teasing. And wow, wasn't that a change of pace? He remembered just a few months ago when every word out of the other man's mouth would make his blood boil. Now though, now the teasing made him feel...well, he probably shouldn't think about it too long. "I should get out of this suit though. Pepper said she wants to stay for dinner, and it looks like Colonel Rhodes will be joining us too?"
“Good. Because we’ve been wanting to watch this new show called Westworld, but Romanoff won’t let us until
He was considering where to begin - they had to talk about this, after all. It came out of nowhere. How long, exactly, had Tony felt this way? Why now? Why him? But before he could ask a single question, Tony flopped down and made himself comfortable in the sheets, pulling one of Steve's pillows under his tired head.
Unfortunately, that's right when their fun had to come to an end. They both turned to Tony's watch when it beeped.
about it, almost as if he was showing him off to his friends. Tony went hot with adoration at his dorky boyfriend.
“Maybe you should renovate then.” He half-joked. “How are we supposed to take long, romantic baths together without a huge tub?” That made Tony laugh, and he excitedly pushed Steve into the shower, listing off all his ideas for how they could renovate the penthouse. Steve listened quietly, a big smile on his face as he scrubbed Tony’s back gently with soap. When they were clean, he guided them out, wrapping Tony up in a big fluffy towel.
“Yeah, 8 hours, and it's come to an end. I’d better step through at the right time, otherwise I’ll be pulled in by force and I might fall on my ass on the other side.” He looked over and noticed the disheveled looking Steve, almost on the verge of tears. “Oh, Stevie.” Tony wrapped Steve in a big hug. “Baby, it’s okay. Soon you’ll have your Tony back. And I’m sure he loves you too. In his own way.”
“Fuck!” Steve hissed as Tony squeezed around his dick, bringing his thoughts back to the present. The smaller man was whining now, squealing out an incoherent
"Well, technically in some hotel rooms for a couple days." He corrected, looking around at the destruction that was once his penthouse. "Just while I tidy up. I figure we might be needed around here, and it would good to be all in one place, don't you think?"
"Tony." Pepper chimed in. "I know you're worried because you won't be there, but Steve and I are ready. I think it was incredible of you to volunteer by the way, Steve. It's a good plan, a lot of these old men hold you in high regard, and that's saying something. You're very lucky to have him, Tony."
"You don't understand..." Tony threw his face into his hands and groaned. How could he let this happen? He'd gone and ruined the whole weekend, all because he couldn't control himself when it came time to say goodbye.
Funny enough, they met in the middle, right on the open dance floor. A slow, but upbeat song came on. Fuck.
"Oh. Hey." Tony looked up at him. It was only 2pm, usually Steve was out until late in the afternoon, working under floodlights with the rest of the relief crew. "Did the boy scouts let out early?"
Tony giggled as Steve pushed him against a wall, hungry for more. Steve didn't know how he ever lived without this - without Tony's body, without these sweet moans and kisses, without being
"What he doesn't know won't hurt him." Tony flicked a finger on Steve's nose, and the other man laughed wholeheartedly at that.
"Yeah." Tony started fiddling with the hem of his own shirt. "I mean. After some reflection, I think Romanoff had some good fashion sense after all. If anyone can pull it off, it's you."
"Oh! Sorry Steve. I guess you haven't learned about texting yet. It's like calling, but you only send words or pictures. Take a look." Natasha offered him her phone. Steve saw a string of messages between herself and 'Tony Stark' labeled clearly at the top. He moved the screen down and saw pictures of himself between messages that included written text and little cartoon illustrations. It seemed straightforward enough, so he made a mental note to ask Jarvis to teach him about texting once they got back home.
Tony was going to open his mouth to protest - to make another joke - to say something, anything to put Steve's confession into doubt, because surely his feelings couldn't last forever, and he needed to protect himself through quick words and humor, just in case. In case he was let down, in case Steve changed his mind in the morning, in case he realized Tony wasn't as good in bed as the tabloids made him out to be, or was too clingy, or always said the wrong thing at the wrong time. But all those thoughts came to a screeching halt when Steve's lips found his, the tender kiss melting away his worries. Steve pulled back again and searched his eyes before speaking.
Being with Tony was easy, so much easier than being teammates, or friends. It’s like he was made for this - to be Tony’s.
After their morning soak, they were famished. Thanks to Steve's careful planning this morning though, the hotel had a car ready and waiting for them downstairs, and they quickly got to their first destination. When Tony saw where the car stopped, he was excited.
"Mmm...yes...always call me that...Why didn't you....come upstairs....this morning...." Tony gasped through broken kisses. Steve kept chasing his mouth, desperate for more.
It only took him a couple hours to get to Hoover Dam, and then he was in Vegas that night. He tried his hand at a few poker tables, but found that he didn't enjoy the high betting minimums, he felt like he would just be throwing money away. Jarvis did direct him to a magic show, which was funny and entertaining. Oddly though, he couldn't help but think that watching Tony work would make for a much better magic show, without the need for tricks and deception. He chuckled to himself, imagining how angry Tony would get if he called his work 'magic' instead of science.
"Hey! Here." Tony had followed him to the corridor, away from the others. He handed over Steve's notepad and pencil. Sheesh, Steve really was off his game today. "You're leaving already?" Tony asked in a soft voice, and Steve's heart melted. "I thought you were gonna stay and sketch for while. It's a clear day, good visibility from the windows, you know."
Tony laid back and thought about it. He wasn't a stranger to anxiety and panic attacks. Rhodey and Pepper knew about it, and he hated when they would fuss over him, try to over-analyze him or wouldn't leave him alone for days. But he loved knowing that they cared. After years of it, they knew now when it was important to come see Tony in person, but often they would check in with him via calls or text, and that was perfect for Tony. Exactly the right amount of care, without smothering him. He needed to do the same for Steve. As much as he wanted to help, he couldn't take over his life. He'd need to give him space, while still being there for him.
"It's okay. I can..." Steve didn't get to finish his thought before Tony was sliding to the floor, pushing his chest down until he was laying on his back, Tony on top of him.
But yes! Doing nothing is exactly what I need to do. You're right! I must be crazy to think he'd ever like me, even if he wasn't straight."
A bomb went off, shaking everything around him, and the supersoldier bolted up, grabbing his shield, his eyes scanning the darkness for his enemy. Tense seconds passed. Just as he was about to breathe in again, another explosion shook him. He saw furniture, and bags.
"No! We're not dating. We're not anything. He's not here. He's with Pepper right now. At an SI meeting. It's complicated."
kissed Steve for the first time that night." Tony looked down at his hands, his lips pursed slightly, like he was recalling the memory.
"No votes. Jim gets to pick, he's our guest." She smiled back at the Colonel, and in the next moment Jarvis was turning down the lights and queuing up the movie.
"Yes?" Steve hadn't fully woken up yet, so the question seemed strange. He opened the door all the way, hoping she would elaborate. It was quite a sight to see a disheveled Captain America in pajamas.
somethin-somethin." Clint quietly sneered from behind his cereal. Steve wasn't really sure what he meant. Surely Tony wouldn't want anything from him, would he? He thought about it. No. Over the last month, he's gotten to know Tony, everyone at the tower really, and knew they all had each other's backs.
He must’ve seen something, because in an instant, his worried expression turned confused, then sour, and he jumped back, snatching his hands away like he’d been burned.
"Shut up, James." Tony took the phone back and held it in his lap. He smiled. Maybe he hadn't ruined everything after all.
“That.” Steve pointed, and quickly put his hand back up when Tony shook his repulsor at him in response. “Tony, he...he always raises his other eyebrow at me. And his lips, they...they lean a little to the right, not the left like yours do. FRIDAY, what’s going on? Who is this?” Steve shakily asked.
“I’m sure.” Tony scanned his surroundings. “I think I woke up over here, by the generators.” He walked around mountains of scrap and mechanical parts until he finally reached a big, circular metal frame. It was hooked up to a large board of switches and screens, which were all running a long string of numbers. Steve watched as Tony read the screens, occasionally looking something up on Steve’s phone, and scribbling down some notes on a nearby notepad. The fact that apparently everything, even all the numbers, appeared backwards to him, didn't slow him down at all. He was in the zone, just like the Tony that Steve knew. There was no doubt that this man was - somehow - also Tony. Finally, after a while, Tony slumped into the office chair behind him, and let out a big sigh.
He thought. Felt so comfortable and safe, there was no hurry to turn his brain on anytime soon. He laid motionless, enjoying that he wasn't worried about anything for once, content to just
“Is it so hard to believe that I might want something like that with you?” Steve asked, his voice shaking. He didn’t care that everyone could hear him pouring his feelings out. He was tired of hiding it. “Is it so hard to believe that I think you’re kind, and generous, and handsome, and worth my time? I
"I know." Steve smiled, trying to catch Tony's eyes again. "You were just worried. I'm so grateful that you made all this stuff for me," he gestured behind him to his bike and bags. "I'll be ready for anything thanks to you."
All his life, people had told him that he was a good man, a hero with a big heart, that he had all the right intentions. His moral compass was always pointed north.
“Ow, JARVIS, what the hell?” The bolt of green light the witch had tossed at Tony, which he’d assumed to be purely for show, had connected with his left bicep and left behind a tiny burn mark.
help, Tony—and then we’ll come back and you can eat lunch at my feet, get in some time on your knees. Your afternoons are yours to do with as you please, though you’re to keep me informed as to your general plans, and you’re definitely not to leave the Tower without me. We’ll eat dinner together at seven, and you’ll be in bed with a sleep aid by midnight.”
Content Notes: Okay, the first half of this chapter is a lot of porn. It picks up immediately after where last chapter ended, so we're dealing with the after-effects of the safeword (all of which are handled safely and ethically, at least to my mind.) The actual sex includes cockwarming, objectification and a bit of exhibitionism, both fantasy and real. If you wish to skip the section, pick up reading after the section break. And as always, let me know if you have questions or concerns.
Steve couldn’t really have asked for a better introduction to punishment if he’d tried. He spared a few moments to regret, again, never having brought Rhodes in to their relationship before. But Dr. Domen always said ‘know better, do better,’ and Steve practically had the mantra tattooed to his eyelids now for how often he relied on it. They had Rhodes with them now, another crucial person for Tony, who deserved every bit of love and support he could get. That was what mattered.
Time investigates in this special issue. Inside, you’ll find on-the-ground investigations into how these measures have shaped Wakanda for decades, the latest updates about SHIELD’s pilot program, and interviews with numerous businesspeople, medical experts, politicians, and activists discussing the future of work and orientation.
“Any grievances to add to Clint’s list?” Natasha asked, tracing her fingers leisurely through his Tony’s hair. Steve couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen her so openly proud of herself; Tony’s trust and submission meant everything to Nat, and to be the first to receive such a public show of it had her flying enough that she wasn’t even trying to hide it. “SI has kept you busy this week. Has the the transition been bad?”
And then there was Steve. Steve, who was heartbreakingly concerned not with where Tony had come from, but where it might mean he would go.
Coulson’s expression had drifted back toward its usual careful neutrality, except for a piercing note to his gaze that hadn’t been there moments before.
MJ’s sense of adventure, it turned out, did not extend to extra-planetary liquor. She poured herself a shot of the vodka she had liberated from her parent’s house instead, hissing at the burn. Peter’s drink went down much smoother by comparison, and he smugly sat upon the coat he’d laid out on the concrete floor like it was a throne. While MJ searched for what she deemed suitable music on her phone, Peter took another two swigs right from the bottle in rapid succession.
“Horny,” Tony said reflexively (and because it was true.) Bruce chuckled and then pulled lightly at his hair again. “I…after a while it made other kinds of touching feel bigger, better. Like my skin was more sensitive to everything. It got to maybe be too much toward the very end, but before that I guess I felt…proud, I guess. That I could do that for you. I…Bruce, please, ‘m not even making sense here, put me outta my misery man—” Bruce stepped forward between Tony’s legs, using his grip on Tony’s hair to pull his head against Bruce’s chest. His shirt was soft and silky, and he smelled like chemicals from the labs and the natural deodorant he wore.
doesn’t mean I lack appreciation for sweet things,” Natasha volleyed back, grinning. “But you are still welcome to be the tiebreaker here, Steve. Pull up a chair.”
“Yeah, I know, right? She still wants to go out, though, as soon as the swelling on my nose goes down.”
“I told you, I’m fine to go out again tonight. I took a nap yesterday afternoon and I’ve never needed much—” Masdee did not even look up from the digital map she was surveying with Ayo. (Steve barely restrained a wince; being ignored would push all of Talia’s buttons on the best of days.)
“Agent Coulson has already made a similar request, Captain Rogers,” the AI reported. Tony wore a soft smile as he listened to the exchange, one that seeing the team interact with JASRVIS or the bots never failed to bring to his lips.
“How about a fashion show?” she proposed. Tony snorted, ready to play it off as a joke, at least until Clint made a dramatic show of pausing the movie and grabbing the popcorn, which had previously been untouched.
Tony, Thor, and Natasha had just wrestled a truly monstrous tree into a stand when JARVIS announced, for the second time in as many weeks, the arrival of Peter Parker. When the boy stepped out of the elevator and into the penthouse this time he had none of the fury or the fire Steve had seen a week before. He had brought not only his backpack but also a worn green duffle bag with the initials ‘B.P.’ stitched into it, and there were tracks of moisture on his face that Steve was certain weren’t the result of the lightly falling snow outside.
“It was fine, Agent Agent. Brucie remains endlessly fascinating, and it was reassuring to get confirmation that there is actually some scientific basis for everything that’s…er, going on here. So what’s the plan for today? Do we get to wear matching super-spy outfits? Will I finally find out what happened in Budapest?” For a second Coulson’s eyes sparked with something like mischief, but it was gone long before Tony could decide if it had been there at all.
“He really is.” Then, because Tony would never be able to entirely restrain himself, he added, “You’re definitely going to come to the Tower so we can get drunk and go over that data soon, right?”
Whether as a result of the thoroughness of those briefing packets or just because Tony was that good at this, it was almost impossible for Steve to believe he had never technically met any of these people before. Tony weaved together business and personal topics with staggering ease; he had just transitioned from promising the tech mogul standing with them that he would review a new piece of medical monitoring equipment to asking about the guy’s daughter.
“I know. And you don’t have to right now, alright? We can talk more in a few days. For right now, I’d like to propose a couple of options about how I can help you start feeling better. Want to hear them?”
“You’ll be happy, I think, to know that I’m not assigning you any additional writing today. But that’s mainly because I think you’ll want some time to think the next prompt over, and because I’m guessing our plans for today might help solidify some of it for you.”
As for what's next: the Peter-centric spin-off will start up in a few weeks. In the meantime, I'm also going to deal with some outstanding AskStrange questions, and I'm strongly considering writing for Marvel Trumps Hate this year as well. You can keep up with any of those developments, plus my other ramblings, through my
“That’s not your call right now, or at least it doesn’t have to be. It can be mine. Give this to me, Steve, please.”
Tony hoped that was true; for now, he had to believe it was. Slowly, the urgent want that had surged in him when he’d heard Steve describing his fantasy gave way to the slow, easy pleasure of just being together. He pressed himself back against Steve again, just to feel him close, and let himself imagine that he could really have this forever.
The 27th floor was in fact R&D. When Tony stepped off the elevator and was immediately confronted by a wall of windows overlooking a (mostly) familiar series of labs, he panicked and considered how likely it was that he could beat a path back toward the elevators before anyone realized the pseudo-ghost of Tony Stark was overlooking them. Then he caught sight of Rhodey and Pepper. They were sprawled across an orange loveseat that sat auspiciously in the hallway directly outside the largest of the labs, sharing a pint of bright green ice cream. When Pepper caught sight of him, she held up her spoon with that same mischievous grin from before.
Then Barnes made his sudden, unexpected escape from the room, and Rhodey knew that all of it had been for nothing. Distracting Tony, especially when he was concerned for a loved one, was a damn near impossible task. But Steve handled that too, picked up the strap with steady hands and let none of the concern or distress that had blanketed his expression when Barnes had left enter his voice as he soothed Tony, brought him back to where he needed to be, and finished the punishment off.
“I’m not upset at all. I’m thrilled, actually. It’s occurred to me more than once over the years of knowing Talia how much she would like both versions of you. I’m glad she’s getting the chance—oh god, Clint found more gumballs somewhere. JARVIS, maybe just write a blank cheque to his dentist would you?”
work, so it wasn’t something he would encourage that particular night. Natasha growled something inaudible against Phil’s back, and he would definitely have to follow up on that later, because Natasha never made any noises she didn’t mean to but that particular one had sounded like it had been torn out of her.
Tony’s absence still gave the proceedings a bittersweet kind of air, but Steve was coming to realize that that was just life after a loss as big as the one they had experienced. It didn’t mean he wasn’t getting better, or that he couldn’t still take pleasure in things. And he had enjoyed the morning with Bruce, enough so that when JARVIS alerted the other man to an incoming call, Steve felt a little grumpy about the interruption.
“Sokovia fell,” Bucky added after they’d all discretely pretended not to have been paying attention to JARVIS and Steve. “It fell, and Tony has alluded to other circumstances, something about a bombing at the UN? Anyway, a bunch of countries got together and demanded regulation in the form of the Accords.”
Those of you who are excited to see Steve and Tony get a move on things, I hope you enjoyed this! Also remember that they have a long way to go. Tony was acting out of kindness in what he believed to be a medical emergency. He is nowhere near ready to be submitting to Steve for real, and vice versa. (But don't let me totally rain on your parade! It's still a step. Hell, they're in the same space for the first time in ages, so that's a step all on its own...)
“I’ll show you mine if you show me yours?” he offered. Natasha cocked a brow, catching the slightly flirtatious note in Tony’s voice for what it was (so sue him, he’d flirted with Natasha for almost the entirety of their relationship), but then she shrugged and sat down in the armchair across from him.
