“I’m not lying to you, John. It Is a case and I really do apologize for not being able to join you two. Perhaps next time.”
Even amongst all the fun and beauty, Mary could not get the thought of the ‘case’ she has offered to Sherlock. He had the spare key and probably had been finished checking the apartment. Question was, what did he find?
Not dead.
Mary suddenly realized that she had been far too unconscious about her attitude. Before replying anything else, she allowed herself to breathe and calm down. “Oh yes, he’s fine. Don’t worry, Mrs. Hudson, it’s just a case. Quite an urgent one actually, sorry for waking you up.”
“Yeah, I'm fine. I'll be going to Baker Street after I’m finished with the work and probably will be a little late.” He spoke while taking his last bite of the breakfast.
It was the time when he used to be the flat mate of Sherlock- solving crimes, saving lives, and of course, blogging. There were many mornings when he had to wake up and immediately get to work without even swallowing a morsel, many nights when they were storming the streets of London, rushing to different places looking for clues and criminals- no matter how late or how odd the hour could be. That thrill of the chase, blood rushing through his veins, the tension, the adventure- those were the days!
“Oh, yes.” The doctor gave a nod in the affirmative, allowing an amused scoff as the scenery popped up before his eyes. The first time Mary saw him in that state.
“He’s going for the washroom, isn’t he?”
Elton Pope had urged Sherlock not to bother trying to find the Doctor, but he'd agreed to meet John and Sherlock at his flat the following Saturday.
“Don’t get too settled, Hamish,” John warned.
It was a reasonable enough request from Doyle’s perspective, but an entirely daunting task for John and Sherlock, who had no identification or proof of their credentials at all.
"This is Sherlock Holmes, I'm a detective. I'm working on a case. Might I be able to meet with you sometime today?"
is what I like about you, John. You’re so…” He narrowed his eyes, theatrically pretending to think of the right word. “
“Obviously. Unless you want Hamish to become an actual street urchin.”
, Sherlock! A…spaceship!”
“And the Doctor…he was—“ John changed the subject, trying with frustration to describe the strange man in the box properly. “I felt like I had no way of understand him. And did he seem old to you? He
Sherlock bent down to kiss him, biting down on his lower lip and dragging it out. John closed his eyes at the feel of Sherlock’s teeth and lips on his, trying fruitlessly to buck up against him.
“I can’t answer that, Hamish. I know I’ll be seeing
Several weeks later, on a cool summer night, Sherlock stepped into his bedroom to find John waiting. He'd scrounged up candles and had turned the oil lamp on the bedside table low. John beamed up at Sherlock, clean-shaven. “Hello.”
able kid you’ve got here. Ever so clever. Just like Daddy.”
, Sherlock, before he does something stupid. We both know trying to hurt me now will only reflect poorly on
John and Sherlock watched in disbelief as the box dematerialized from their living room, the wind rustling the papers on Sherlock’s desk, then the engine noise faded and teh papers stilled, and there was no trace that the TARDIS had ever been there.
Sherlock raised his chin, intrigued. His eyebrows went up as the Doctor explained his attempt to fix the universal glitch without displacing Sherlock and John.
happen.” The Doctor began circling Sherlock. “Where am I in your life? I know it all, from your first case with Dr. Watson to your Final Bow...have you done Reichenbach Falls yet? I really would love to have that explained to me: How
There was a rattle at the door handle, then a loud knocking at the door. A muffled voice called, “Who’s in there?”
“I can be back an hour from now if you like,” the Doctor said.
John’s mouth went dry. In either case, Jim had made a mistake. John was desperate, willing to do anything. Jim had said that if John tried anything, Sherlock would be executed. How was Moriarty passing the word on? Via mail? If John killed Burke and then Moriarty, he could hurry to London before his execution letter did. It was a huge risk, John knew, but if Jim really did have Hamish, and if Sherlock really was in trouble, he had to try.
Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed John in, not realizing he had missed John’s smell until now. He pressed his cheek into John’s hair. “Don’t do that again. Don’t leave me, John.”
John's stomach began to knot as he stood, awkwardly naked in front of him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Good night, John.”
John grabbed at Sherlock's face as they both fell to their knees. “How did—how did you—
“Why can’t we go home?”
“I know—that was me making fun of you.”
“Lovely. The denial and passive aggressive behavior’s really charming. I’m going to sleep in Hamish’s room tonight, if that’s fine with you.” Hamish was off at school until the weekend, so the bedroom was free.
Sherlock kissed the gunshot scar on John’s shoulder, fascinated by it, this piece of John that he had never been able to study before. “Why’d you pull away?”
of Mary? Because obviously there’s nothing going on there.”
John felt Sherlock’s erection pressing against him and couldn’t bear it anymore. He moved his hands down Sherlock’s chest and torso, then began yanking off his trousers, grabbing at his cock, then slid down and grabbed the base, licking a circle around the head.
John looked over at him in alarm. “Sherlock…I know how you
“There’s blood seeping through your shirt,” came a bored drawl from the doorway.
you would grow up in Victorian London as the universe destined.”
Tears burned in John’s eyes. His voice was fierce. “If you could bring back your husband and keep your son safe, wouldn’t you do anything?
John stepped back, alarmed by Jim’s speed and stealth. He was breathing too heavily to speak, but he finally bent down and retrieved his gun from the dead man’s hand. “Thank you,” he said, finding his mouth a little dry.
Sherlock looked up, frowning up at him. “That’s ridiculous, John, I don’t need anything, and we haven’t the money for anything.”
Doyle nodded as if that explained everything, and Sherlock covered his laughter with a cough. “Well, thank goodness you didn’t pick up that absurd Liverpudlian accent. Word is that the police believe the Belgravia Slasher might be originally from Liverpool. I’m hardly surprised. Did you hear he struck again last night? Ghastly business. Good fodder for a story, though.”
God, this was too much to put on the shoulders of a nine year old. John looked down at him and nodded grimly, but Hamish nodded back.
” He lunged forward and grabbed Moriarty’s tie and hissed, “
that he wasn’t lying?
?” Arthur asked.
Sherlock opened his mouth and clamped it shut, not sure how to respond to being told off by a 9-year-old.
John gave a muffled, frustrated cry as he felt the scarf knot behind his head. He was almost glad that he was gagged—as humiliating as it was, it was turning him on far more than he would ever admit.
“Right. But didn’t the Doctor say were in some kind of…parallel time…pocket thing? Like an alternative universe? So if we go back we, I dunno, close up the pocket or something?” John groaned in frustration. “I’m getting a headache just thinking about this!
Sherlock’s eyes rolled back and he squeezed them shut, curling his toes, breath catching. He’d forgotten how intoxicating John was, how good he made everything feel, how it felt like he wasn’t just stimulating one sensitive part of his body, but he was adoring Sherlock’s entire being. He shuddered, feeling pleasure hit him from head to toe.
Sherlock sat in despair for a few more moments, then it was as if Mary’s words finally found him, and he sprang to his feet. He immediately began pacing, fingers steepled under his chin. “You’re right. There’s a way, there’s always a way. There’s always a chink in the armor—
Sherlock frowned at him for a moment, then burst out laughing. He declared, “John! Get your coat! We’re going to the British Museum to have a snog!”
“Well, of course I don’t recognize them! Sherlock
John and Sherlock stayed holding each other for a long time. After several minutes, Jane ventured inside, unsure how to feel about the two embracing men, but happy all the same, wiping her eyes at the looks of complete love and anguish John and Sherlock had on their faces. She hesitantly stepped closer to examine the body.  “I think he’s truly dead,” He said, looking up at both of them. “Do you get to go home now, Dr. Watson?”
John faltered. This was going to hurt. A lot. He wished he could see what Jim was doing behind him, but he didn't dare look back. Jim seized his left wrist, winding a rope around it and tying it tightly to one of the bedposts, then did the same with his right, stretching his arms wide and forcing the top of his head to press uncomfortably against the headboard. John's heart hammered as Jim shoved the gag in his mouth, and he couldn’t help  but groan in protest as Jim tightened it in a firm knot behind his head. John wrapped his fingers around the bedposts as best as he could, hearing Jim slide his trousers off, then feeling him kneel on the bed behind him.
“No, it’s fine, thank you.”
That night, John laid his blanket on the wood floor by Jim’s bed. “I’m a light sleeper. If I hear a drawer opening or the rattle of laudanum bottles, I’ll be up before you can shout.”
He was lying on the sofa in this way when there was a knock on the flat door.
Jim grabbed a third rope and looped it around John's neck, tying it off and holding the end like a leash. Just as John was wondering what Jim planned to do with it, Jim yanked his legs apart and shoved into him without warning, immediately thrusting hard and fast.
“Can we speak to you in your room, Hamish?” Sherlock asked.
John reflexively grabbed his revolver from an end table and opened the door to reveal a livid man, his freckled face as red as his hair. His voice was a barely-contained snarl. “Are you John Watson?”
” he growled into it.
Sherlock ignored him, and irritably typed the website number into his phone.
“Speaking of your class, won’t the group be missing you by now? I bet your teacher is worried.”
John coughed at the fumes, finding it increasingly difficult to keep his eyes focused. He struggled to stay alert. “Where is my son, and what do you want?”
“I think you should come with, Hamish. Go get dressed,” Sherlock said, staring hard at the wall.
Sherlock didn’t watch her as she left.
at you two.” He leaned forward to John. “Be honest, Johnny-boy...does he make you scream in bed?” He cocked his head and held Sherlock’s gaze as John clenched his jaw, turning bright red and looking away. “Bet he does.”
Sherlock quickly backed away from the door and pretended to just be arriving when Mary exited, cheeks red.
“What are you doing here?” he asked dully.
somehow combined into this…child here, how could we not know about it? It’s absurd.”
He didn’t get farther than a few steps before Jim leaped up and delivered a fast, unexpected blow to John’s stomach that sent him staggering backwards, doubled over. John gasped in pain and shock as Jim’s voice washed over him. “He’s right where he should be, being watched by
“We could…take turns. Look, who’s to say this is some big inevitable thing? I got out of Afghanistan alive, you miraculously faked your death. All we’ve been through—we’re not going to be whisked off and stranded by some bloody figures of stone!”
pick that?”
“Sorry about this, John,” Sherlock said, then punched John in the stomach, not hard, but hard enough to illicit a loud groan, doubling him over. Sherlock quickly mussed his hair with his hands, untucked his shirt, pinched his cheeks to redden them, then smacked John’s arse, hissing, “
“It’s not my fault you date dull women,” Sherlock said, opening the spice cabinet. “Do we have any cumin?”
The next morning, Jim rolled away from John in his sleep and woke up slowly, drowsily looking over at John, who had also just woken. Jim pushed himself to a sitting position, arching and cracking his back.
When Jim came home, he looked bored. He set his hat on the hat stand, then pulled off his coat, blood spattering his shirt. He turned to John, an eyebrow raised as he plucked off his gloves. “Didn’t expect to see
“I’m never going to leave you. Not ever.”
“Hamish, sir?”
Succumbing to Sherlock’s prying, John opened his mouth wider, clutching at Sherlock to keep from falling backwards, moaning into his mouth. The moans awakened something in Sherlock and his pulse quickened. He began pushing John backwards toward the bedroom, never letting his lips stray far from John’s. His hands wrapped around John’s waist and then slid to his back, beginning to yank at John’s shirt, untucking it. Soon his hands were on John’s warm skin, and as they stumbled onto the bed, Sherlock let up on the kisses for a moment to yank John’s shirt and jumper off.
“That violin’s a bit big for you, Hamish,” John pointed out.
Professor Moriarty! I don’t want to leave!”
The Doctor popped his head out. “What do you think you’re
Sherlock muttered, darkly picking up the tiny metal revolver. “Real crimes haven’t got stupid rules like this.”
Sherlock was unable to fall asleep. He watched John slip into unconsciousness and waited for his breathing to grow deep and even, then slipped from the bed and went outside to dial Jack Harkness. If the Doctor couldn’t help them, perhaps Jack could.
“Don’t be foolish—you’ll be admitted right along with me!” He tossed John his coat. “Come on John! There are aliens to catch!”
Hamish looked stricken. “What? Why?? No! I’ve got friends here—I
“That’s a good boy,” Jim smiled, patting John’s cheek.
“Tucking in…what does that all entail?” Sherlock murmured as they climbed the stairs. He himself had never been tucked into bed as a child. He’d heard it referenced, but had never seen the significance.
If you go to the Austrian Embassy and ask Brenetta Lave how the flower shop business is doing, she
Sherlock looked up at Mary and showed her the note. “Who delivered this?”
in public. But there’s a certain thrill to the idea of getting caught.”
Hamish had already scurried upstairs to look at the spare bedroom and at the bedroom and privy downstairs. “There’s only one bed!” he announced when he came out of Sherlock’s room.
The Doctor grinned, ignoring Sherlock’s spiteful tone. “See, there’s a reason you’re known as the greatest detective of all time.”
Sherlock frowned and slipped his phone into his pocket. "Are you busy, John? Care to meet a man who just asked me what the current year is?" He raised his eyebrow, and John flipped off his laptop.
After dinner, Sherlock and John returned upstairs, Sherlock grabbing his coat, pacing with excitement. “I’ll be going to Belgravia on foot due to our tight funds, unless I can sneak a ride on some passing cart, so I might be a bit late.”
"Time vortex manipulator." Jack held up his arm and pushed up his coat sleeve to show off the device. "I was in 1995 taking care of a few...obstacles, but nothing I couldn't rearrange for you two gentlemen." He winked at John, much to John's alarm and confusion. The man was, in John's opinion, a bit too charming to be trustworthy. "How did you hear about me, and what can I do for you?"
John stared at the cock for a moment, unable to believe he was about to do this.
“I presume you know I was looking for you, then,” Sherlock added.
John looked at himself in the mirror, shocked at how worn and weary he looked. He pulled a fresh shirt on, double-checked the mirror to make sure the gauze was keeping the blood at bay, then hurried to the kitchen to see Hamish, who rushed into his arms for a hug.
He leaned back over John and pressed his hand against John’s throat once more, this time hard enough that John couldn’t breathe properly. “I thought I told you to stay put?” His voice was soft, but his hand came out of nowhere to slap John across the face, startling him more than hurting him.
Sherlock ignored Jack’s flirting and sat across from him. “He did, as you predicted, turn up unexpectedly. Twice. And I’d rather he hadn’t. What do you know of the weeping angels?”
“Your knife…sort of…shifted.” He flicked his eyes to the sheets. “Erm…just thought you should know…”
Sally appeared outside the door, eyeing Sherlock. “Haven’t seen
John jolted upright. Everything in the opium den came back to him, and he realized with a heavy sadness that none of it had been a dream, that there was no escaping. He wanted to see where they were going—how far were they from Baker Street? Were they even
"Easy, tiger!" Jack laughed. "The Doctor and I go way back. It's been years since I've seen him…word on the street is he's regenerated since then."
Craig nodded, his eyes widening, then scooped up his toddler, who was wandering towards the door. “No, Alfie, no running off, or Mummy’s going to be cross with me. Sorry, yes, I’m Craig. Holmes and Watson! Are you here about Hamish? Are you, err, his…?”
Doyle prodded John for more details until he had a fleshed-out story. “Dr. Watson, would you mind if I…took this and made a story out of it, narrated by you? I’d change up the details a bit for the narrative’s sake, but I’d try to preserve the spirit and the remarkable penchant your friend has for observations.”
John gripped the arms of Sherlock’s chair, leaning in toward him. “You killed Ruby’s dog! It’s dead, Sherlock!”
to make friends, John, and if you’ll recall,
John woke up to Hamish looking down at him. “You look funny when you’re asleep.” he did an impression of sleeping John, letting his mouth gape open and his tongue hang out. “I wanted to know how to use your toaster oven, and you didn’t keep the manual, did you, because I can’t find it anywhere.”
“Right, so one of us will be dying, and then the other will be moving out of the country for a fresh start. Not the tidiest of endings, but it’s perhaps the most realistic one we could develop. So, I can be the one that dies. I have experience in that field.”
Hope began to bubble in his chest as he carefully stowed the letter back where he found it, making sure the same amount of paper was sticking out as before. He sat back to think. Jim carefully monitored the mail to make sure he wasn’t sending or receiving anything.
Jim was only momentarily taken aback before he fixed his eyes dark eyes on John’s. He laughed and snarled, “
"How many is a lot in this case?" Sherlock asked. "How old is he now?"
"I am, and this is my colleague John Watson."
“That would be ambitious of them,” Sherlock sneered.
new. Bit excessive, isn’t it?” Sherlock raised his eyebrow and looked around. “Although you were never one to shy away from the ostentatious.”
He didn’t fail to notice that his laudanum was no longer in his hands, however, and he lolled his head to look over at John. “Give that back.”
. It?”
,” Jim continued. “Is it too much to ask for a decent Browning, for God’s sake? Or even just a piece of spearmint gum? How is that not a thing yet?”
“Where’s Sherlock?” She interrupted, trying to catch her breath.
“What’s wrong? What’s keeping him occupied? We’re gonna be late…” Mary shook her head, speaking whilst getting inside the car after placing her handbag on the backseat.
John did not miss to notice Sherlock dancing with another woman while he was about to twirl his fiancée. He could not but become surprised to see the hat man participating on a waltz, especially with that woman. He never understood Sherlock’s motives clearly, until the detective himself made a clearance. The music was still flowing through the hall when Sherlock finally asked his dancing partner to come to a halt. Plainly thanking the journalist for her company, he walked out of the floor and returned to the same old place he had been standing a few minutes ago, leaving the disappointed journalist behind.
“What if this is not the one whom Mary spoke of…?”
“Erm…morning,” John said, sliding out of bed and falling into his morning routine of push-ups, wondering whether last night’s vigil was a horrible mistake or a step in the right direction. Jim hadn’t stabbed or strangled him, at the very least.
“Try me,” Sherlock said icily.
“Did I do all right?” Sherlock murmured.
“Ohh, the weeping angels. Those’ve been popping up more recently, a small pack of scavengers, nothing serious. Tricky creatures, but really amazing. They’re quantum-locked, which means they can’t move if they’re being observed, even by each other. Why? Have you seen one?” He leaned in curiously.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and murmured quietly, “I’m not so certain anymore.”
He rounded on Lestrade. “Box these statues up and have them destroyed.”
John shifted plans. “Yeah, for a bit. But then you’ve got to find your school group again, all right?” They headed out to find the new room. “I don’t want to be accused of kidnapping,” he grumbled.
Sherlock didn't pull back until the pool of blood seeping from Jim’s body started wetting Sherlock’s knees. He pulled John up with him, then leaned forward and gave John a wet kiss, gentle and sad and passionate.
“Bit of a cheeky kid, isn’t he?,” John muttered to Sherlock. “He reminds me of another pompous git I know.”
,” Hamish countered.
Sherlock disappeared downstairs, then when John saw that he had his eyes fixed on the angel, he grabbed his coat and headed down, flagging a cab as fast as he could.
Sherlock worked his jaw for several moments, then finally cleared his throat. “How much longer do we have? How much longer can we stay before--?” He trailed off as John stepped next to him and took his hand. “A week?”
Jim stepped behind him, and John shivered. Even though he’d gotten more or less used to working for Jim, he didn’t like having Jim out of his line of vision, and so close to him. He could feel Jim’s breath on his neck and his fingers tracing along the edge of the wound.
“He would kill you if he found out,” John said, nodding. “I know I’m asking too much.”
"Dunno," Elton shrugged. "I don't even know what kind of alien he
“Kiss me.”
Arthur Conan Doyle stalked in and stared wide-eyed at Sherlock and John. “
a little chat.” Jim threw John forward onto the bed, using his neck for leverage. John scrambled to turn over, scooting away from the enraged man.
Sherlock sniffed. “Well, look who’s the expert on self-care now. Do everyone a favour, Molly, and stop trying to fix people!” He pulled a pill bottle from his robe pocket, counting out another dose to take.
John laughed at the absurdity o fit. “Well, at first I was thinking we could just be obnoxiously affectionate in public, but it might be more fun—and more challenging—to see what outrageous places we could sneak into and…canoodle without getting caught.” He blushed, unable to stop grinning.
The front door opened and slammed. “Hamish is home,” Craig said, leaning off the door frame. They followed him down the hallway to the living room, where Hamish was flinging down his book bag and holding a bag of ice to the back of his head.
Jim's eyebrows shot up. “Sounds relaxing...” He turned to look at John. “Did you do anything else, then?”
John watched as Sherlock appeared in the darkened street. Sherlock raised the fire poker and brought it down on the angel’s face, hitting it over and over again, with increasing force and frustration. From what John could see, he hadn’t made a single crack or crumble.
“Top or bottom?” John asked, clamping his mouth back against Sherlock’s before he could answer.
John wanted to leap up and punch the air, but buried his joy and managed a look of mild surprise. “What's in London, sir?”
“I’ll be waiting,” Jack said.
Over the next month John didn't stick a toe out of line, bending to Moriarty's every whim and will. The only thing that kept John going was his visits with Hamish and the unwavering hope that there would be another letter from Sherlock. Week after week he’d ask Jane, but she would give him the same sympathetic look and the whisper, “Sorry, Dr. Watson. No letter yet.”
Sherlock helped him unpack when he came back with his few belongings. John would keep his things in his bedroom, to give them both some space, but as he glanced down at his bed, he wondered if he would be sleeping in it very much anymore.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Jealous, Jim? I imagine your nights have been rather lonely without your dear Sebastian.” Jim’s jaw tightened ever so slightly, just for a moment, but Sherlock noticed. “Ooh, yes, I know all about you two and how you liked to be pushed around the bedroom. Liked having a few minutes of not having to think, did you? I’d tell him hello for you, but he’s dead or he will be, in our time. Shot right through the head. Bit ironic, considering his profession, don’t you agree?”
, John—don’t even say that…the very thought—“ He paused for a moment, looking at John, then lets out a weak laugh. “If I had faked my death—
Mary nodded, giving Sherlock's arm an affectionate squeeze before she left. After she'd closed the door, Sherlock read through the letter one more time, running his thumb over the ‘JW’ printed at the bottom, thinking how John was holding this piece of paper perhaps just an hour before. He crossed to the window and watched as Mary wrapped her shawl around her as she headed out the door.
HOORAY IT'S COMPLETE!! Let me know what you thought! If you liked this, be sure to check out the sequel, Right Hand Man, which I'll start posting soon. Read it to find out what happens when Moriarty gets all up in 1895...
Hamish’s bed, usually hastily made and covered with books, was stripped bare, and there was no sign of any of Hamish’s belongings. John’s stomach plummeted. His thoughts plummeted as he raced down the hallway to the registrar’s office.
“I already told you, if this isn’t right, it’s forgotten.” They were now toe to toe. Sherlock noted John’s quicked breathing. “Your pupils are dilated.”
a mad man with a box. Doesn’t make me less right, though.”
Mary considered this, then gave John a quick, uncertain smile and left down the staircase, leaving John to wonder if she was going to tell the whole neighborhood or if she was simply going to avoid them from here on out.
Don’t be predictable Sherlock, it’s unbecoming on a man of your caliber. If I don’t walk out of here in an allotted amount of time—unharmed, I might add—“ he looked down pointedly at his own feet, which were now barely grazing the floor. “—They will kill John. I know, not my most creative bit of work, but it’s certainly effective…isn’t it?”
The intense pleasure that had been building up in Sherlock finally exploded, making his toes curl and his nails digging into John’s hips. “G-god! John—“
Sherlock breathed deeply and tried to relax. It had been over a year for him and he knew he wasn’t prepared.
I told you the truth- she tried to kiss me and I turned her down. All right? I was just being
Sherlock stood to kiss him, but noticed a group of men down the hall and backed away.
“Dr. Watson’s rendition of that adventure made me cry, sir! He’s a good storyteller, your—friend.”
” The bookshelves—“So many! Can I read them?” Sherlock’s microscope—“Wow, this is
“What
“I’ll make this brief,” John said. Lying to Mycroft wouldn’t be easy in any scenario; lying to him about his brother’s future was all the more challenging. John had protested against doing it, but Sherlock had remained confident in his abilities. “You brother has a brain aneurysm. We don’t know if it’s fatal, but there’s a definite chance that it could…cause a severe blood clot and kill him…at any time.” John cleared his thought. “So. He wanted to you to know. You know, in case.”
“How accommodating of you,” Jim smirked.
"Anything else you can tell us?" Sherlock pressed.
“I trust her as a housekeeper,” John said.
As the weeks went by, John got fewer and fewer assignments, which meant he could visit Hamish more often, but the lack of jobs threw Moriarty into a rage of further boredom, which he dealt with by taking copious amounts of laudanum and sitting on the couch, growing increasingly frustrated and unkempt.
Except wait…I already know! Faked your death...nice job on that, very nice. And then...what did he call them? The weeping angels. Brilliant- look at you two. Barely used to all this.” Jim looked around at the parents milling around. “Simpletons, all of them.” He glared at them, then turned back them, his eyes dark and his expression unreadable. “I was dead, you know. But
Sherlock was staring, narrow-eyed at the boy, silent as well.
Hamish laughed. “He’s not very good at games, is he?”
John stepped out of the kitchen. “Another one?” he asked, looking at Gregson and then at Sherlock, who was hurriedly pulling on his coat and hat. Not a deerstalker, but a proper top hat John had bought a few days ago for him.
“I’m not his lackey,” John interjected.
“Have a bit of self-respect. Time to play ‘follow the trail of clothes,’” John muttered, gathering up his socks and trousers.
Jim puckered his lips a little and nodded, then rolled off the bed and slowly walked over to John, circling around behind him slowly before coming to a stop in front of him. Their eyes locked. Jim's expression was dark.
Mary took a few steps closer, then lowered herself down next to the distraught man.
The registrar frowned. “He was withdrawn just the other day. All the papers were in order,” he said, showing the slip to John. “Were you not informed?”
then?”
“No, it’s just the Doctor. Bit of a rubbish name, if you ask me, as well as misleading. I don’t think he’s got even the slightest bit of medical training.” He looked over at John. “Unlike you. You’re a proper doctor, right?”
“What did I tell you, Sherlock?” Magnussen said, stroking John harder through his trousers. “The whole world is wet to my touch…”
“Thinking.”
“What happens if I can’t help myself?” John panted.
Oh, God. That idea shouldn’t have excited John as much as it did. “You might have a mutiny on your hands if you don’t.” John shifted his hips experimentally.
“Does this Doctor have any other name?” Sherlock pressed.
It seemed to both John and Sherlock that their lives were finding a rhythm. 1895 Baker Street was beginning to feel like home, and Mary and Arthur were beginning to feel like friends. Their steady comfort was interrupted, however, when Sherlock was on the case one foggy day with Hamish and came face-to-face with a bright blue police box parked on the street corner.
?” John contemplated blearily what he would do if he had to choose between keeping Sherlock alive and Hamish alive. The thought was grim.
“Well, he might be keeping track of
time?”
Sherlock barely let John finish his question before answering. “Yes.”
Sherlock, however, was not about to give up. “What does it matter if I carry out my life
"Tell that to him, he seems to have it sorted," Elton said. "But honestly…don't try to find him. He shows up when you least expect it, it seems. Maybe someday you'll be lucky—or unlucky. I still don't know which I am. Bad things happened because we tried to search. But good things too." He held Ursula up to kiss her.
Johnny. No need to get defensive about it. I imagine it got dirty by O’Seanassy’s brains smearing across it?”
possible, it’s still
“What happened, between you and John? Why’d he move out?”
He wondered, looking around the kitchen. A couple of sticky notes were still stuck up to the door of the refrigerator with Mary’s handwritings which were thoroughly examined by him at the time being. He moved away, saving the handwriting pattern in his hard drive, toward the window and that is when, he came to notice something. A man, probably around his thirties, dark hair, tanned skin, high likely an Indian, was standing near the superstore entrance. He looked up, only to catch the sight of the curtains, no figure. Sherlock peeked once again; the man doesn’t seem to move at all. After few more minutes, the man walked away to the left, which means the windows in the living room. The detective once again, snuck up on the man, the curtains doing him a favor due to being closed; making it easier for him to keep an eye out without being detected.
“Thought it were you.” She replied, still gazing at the man.
Of course, enjoy the time. But who else than God above and John himself knew how his heart was into the case file and the thrill of the chase that precise moment…
“Leave everything... Everyone including Ma-”
“I searched every corner, every drawer, and it’s nowhere to be seen.”
“God! That's children’s fable Sherlock. Almost every child on the earth knows this one!”
“That’s enough time for someone to enter and get the thing he wants. Did you see any sign of breaking in? Any of your belongings misplaced?”
“Names.” Mary replied in a haste, looking away. “Names of a few people who were in my life before I met John. Which is why I don’t want that read by him. It’s gonna ruin everything.” She was so close to breaking down in tears. “After all we’ve been through; and now that we’re here… I don’t want my past to ruin my present.”
“No, I threw it away. Was I supposed to…?”
One call, just one phone call; all he wanted to hear was his voice and that could have been enough. At least he wouldn’t have moved out of 221B. He would, if Sherlock wanted him to do so.
“I don’t.” Sherlock replied in a firm manner. “As I said, you only tend to say is that you still, repel-”
“Tell me, what was the man’s complexion? The one who was stalking you.” Sherlock asked on a point. He had not been revealing too much to her.
The two had to part from each other once the party was over. Now he is lying on the bed with eyes wide open, staring at the ceiling while Mary sleeping peacefully beside him.
“Oh and don’t forget your hat there.” Mary joined her fiancé’s jolly laughter.
“And that is why they need you, Sherlock. If everyone were just the way you are, then you wouldn't have made the difference.” John said in a gentle voice.
John bit his bottom lip for a second or two before letting out a small, suppressed laughter.
“John?”
“The hare? I-I don't get it.” Sherlock blinked a few times, furrowing his eyebrows deeper.
“The hairstyle, moreover, the entire attitude has gone through some changes although I would say you’re still the same.”
“I would like to ask our detective for a small favor, and also hope that he would comply with the request, would you please perform for us before we finally come to an end of this function for the night? I have been acknowledged about your skills of playing the violin.”
Jim rolled his eyes at Hamish’s back. “Of course.” He gently patted Hamish on the head, then threw John a threatening look before heading back down the stairs.
Mary blushed at his touch and gives a quick nod.  “I should go...but I’ll do as you say. Of course.”
“Mary, that’s hardly necessary,” John said.
Sherlock bit back a groan. “Just because you’ve got me here doesn’t mean I wasn’t
John frowned. "Who, our ageless police box man? 'The Doctor?' That sounds like a drug dealer. Maybe Duncan was drugged. That would explain how Duncan saw…what he saw," he ventured.
He was entirely and completely in love with Sherlock. It seemed so obvious a statement now, but the kiss had sealed it. The only kiss he would ever have with him. This thought haunted John until dawn.
. I was merely…commenting on your height—not that I care how tall you are.” He huffed, irritated. “Never mind. It’s irrelevant.”
Once the shirt was unbuttoned, John leaned down to slowly pick from Sherlock’s navel to his chin, tasting him. Sherlock tipped his head back and sighed, involuntarily sucking in his ghost of a stomach as John’s hot wet tongue traveled across it. He clawed down John’s back before he stroked up John’s arms and shoulders, then continued unbuttoning John’s shirt and pushed it off his shoulders. His biceps had grown and hardened considerably since they’d last been together. John felt harder in general, more trim, but it was still his John. He touched his bullet wound affectionately, letting his fingers trail through the light dusting of blonde hair.
think I’m sexy.” John grinned cheekily.
“Probably because they haven’t met him,” John said lightly.
“John-“ Sherlock murmured, wanting to say something, anything, that would make this situation better, but he was lost for words. He could only stare at Magnussen with pure, murderous loathing.
“But I’ve never seen you with another woman,” Mary said, and John gave her a meaningful look.
“Yeah, you really should have.” Bitterness crept into John’s voice as he stood up, folding up his newspaper. “I don’t know why you felt you had to—why’d you have to go complicate everything? I really did like Ruby, you know. I think she’s brilliant, but then you had to go and…forget it. Goodnight.”
“When do you plan on telling Mycroft?”
John grabbed his med bag and took Jim’s hand in his to clean the wound. Jim was still seething, but too bleary to carry out any death threats, so he sat and glared at John. “You’re not the boss of me, John Watson. You work for
The security guard took his hand. “Right. Your group’s waiting for you. Off we go—“ he started dragging Hamish away.
John glared at him with hatred, and Jim raised an eyebrow at him, looking him over as if assessing him. “Did you successfully find all the creaky bits? Watch out—sometimes my door squeaks if you open it too far.”
John walked around the console, keeping his hands away from the levers and buttons, but gawping at it all. “This is…really happening.” He pinched his own arm and giggled nervously.
When Sherlock’s mouth finally enveloped him, John might have come right then, if Sherlock’s hand hadn’t circled around his base to keep him away from orgasm. Sherlock continued for several minutes, tugging at balls every now and then, keeping John at the razor’s edge of an orgasm but never quite giving him enough to send him over the edge.
“Could be,” Sherlock said. “I think we should stick together, just in case.
“None worth mentioning…I thought you were here to check the fireplace, not poke around my papers!”
” he yelled, ignoring the curious looks and glares from the Victorian passers-by.
“I know you think you need them but…you’re stronger than this. You’re…you’re one of the strongest people I know, and it just…I can’t bear to see you like this, Sherlock.”
“For an experiment, which, I’ll have you know, saved a man’s life. Where’s that tea I made?”
Sherlock’s lips collided with his, at first clumsily, but once they had a firm hold on each other, their lips slid into place and John felt a jolt of electricity course through him. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back, wanting him even closer.
Mr. Doyle harrumphed. “So you thought you’d just barge in and make yourself at home? Inspecting the fireplace again, are we? Were you aware that I was attempting a very important séance when you violated my property?”
“Don’t draw conclusions about things you don’t understand, Molly. Go back to work and do something useful.”
Hamish slumps into his seat, pouting.
Mary held out the slip of paper in a trembling hand, then held her hands to her mouth as Sherlock took it, curious as to what could illicit such a reaction from her. He unfolded the paper and immediately recognized John's handwriting.
The gun clicked and John screamed as he felt pleasure explode inside of him.
The Doctor rubbed his hands together, his smile returning. “You two will be fine. You and Victorian London will get on brilliantly. Doctor Watson, bowler hats suit you. And London never changes, not really—even back when it was Londinium the cab fees were outrageous and the people on the east end had strange haircuts.” He looked at his watch. “Ooh, got to run, I really really have to. I might have left Marilyn at the alter…again.”
“Glad to see you’ve decided to be complacent,” Jim smiled. “When we reach our destination, you will tell Hamish that Sherlock died. If you lie or try to slip in some sort of extra information, I’ll make sure Sherlock dies for real.”
Sherlock stopped walking and stared at him. “I don’t sit around conjuring up slurs and abusive behaviors. Not only would that be a waste of time, it would be utterly boring.”
Sherlock pulled John to the side and grinned in triumph as he stared at the angels. He moved back and took an experimental blink. They stayed put. “It worked! Now that we aren’t in between them, they can’t move. They’re staring at each other.”
“I’m well aware of my life history,” Sherlock interjected.
John stammered. Of course they
“I love you, Sherlock,” John said, tucking his head under Sherlock’s chin and breathing in his smell.
John giggled. “That sounds so creepy.” He put on a lecherous voice. “I want to see inside of him…”
“I mean you're
“Open your mouth, John,” Magnussen said.
Sherlock stepped in. “Will you please get your hands off him? This is entirely our fault—we got to talking him and proved a distraction. We’ll escort him.”
The two stood, looking at each other for a brief moment, then it was as if a switch was flipped. The two men hurled themselves at each other and slammed into each other, desperately grabbing the other to make sure the other really was, in fact, there.
Sherlock nodded, but didn’t say anything.
will not rest until you are dead on the ground and I have burned away every last scrap of you. I will blot your name from the past and the future. You are
weapons.”
“I already have faked my death twice. Have you forgotten my aneurysm so soon? Once more would make it three.”
John pulled out and pushed in again, finding a rhythm, gripping Sherlock’s legs and draping them over his shoulders so he could scoot in closer. He held on to Sherlock’s hips, groaning. “Sherlock—!”
“I’m thinking that this whole thing will take some getting used to. And I’m thinking that neither of us has a change of clothes.”
John was sobbing, burying his face in his shoulder as he held him tight. Had it really been over a year? It felt like so much longer. He noted that Sherlock was much thinner. He also looked tired.
Sherlock glanced at the clock mantel. He had let the time slip away. John and Hamish both should have been back at least an hour ago. He clenched his jaw briefly. “Obvious.” He muttered under his breath. “Stupid…you want me in exchange for them.” It was a tired ploy, but he’d fallen for it all the same. Sherlock berated himself as he grabbed his coat. What a fool he’d been. Moriarty out on the loose, and he’d completely neglected John and Hamish. “Well, I won’t disappoint.”
John closed his eyes, weighing his options as he fought to keep his thoughts together. There were no good options. He opened his eyes, blinking back tears. “Will I—get to say goodbye?”
“Mary’s not eating with us?” John asked.
While Sherlock examined the contents of Hamish’s wardrobe, John was drawn to the crayon drawings tacked up above Hamish’s disorderly little desk. In one drawing, he could clearly decipher Hamish with the Doctor. Another showed him, Craig, Alfie, and a blonde woman who must have been Sophie. Two others showed an old man—Wilfred—and another showed a couple, a man with a scribble of brown hair and a large “V” for a nose, and a red haired woman, most likely the Williams. There was another picture on the desk, not yet tacked up, of Hamish standing between two distinctly male but ambiguous looking stick figures. Hamish’s two mystery “dads.” John picked the picture up to examine it more closely, walking over to show Sherlock and nearly tripping over a cricket bat poking out from under the boy’s bed.
?” Sherlock frowned, then rolled his eyes. “Oh, wait, let me guess. For
Hamish was soon lost in the throng of navy school blazers, and after the school children had been ushered outside, John and Sherlock were left in relative quiet.
John inhaled sharply, and it took all of his control to keep his hands from wrapping around Sherlock’s neck and pulling him closer. Instead, he forced himself to pull away and stared up at Sherlock. “See? It’s all fine. You should trust me.”
The room was full of paintings, sculptures, and frescos and was indeed empty. “You
… if you’ll recall, I don’t think I ever
trust him.” He pulled back to look at Hamish fiercely. “He is
The week after Hamish left, John woke to the sound of a loud crash from downstairs followed by a shout of rage. John quickly dressed and went downstairs. He tentatively looked around the corner into the drawing room to see Jim is angrily pacing back and forth, kicking things that get in his way. John noted the remains of a vase next to a wall, then his eyes flicked back to Jim and found the consulting criminal staring at him dangerously, his usually neat hair sticking up in all directions, as if he’d been clawing his fingers through it over and over. Jim suddenly closed his eyes, then it was as if someone had flipped a switch when he opened them again. His face was serene and he smiled at John, smoothing back his hair. “I’m going out. You can have the day off.”
am here.”
of that...astonish you? I was floored! Even if I never see the Doctor again, I will remember him as fantastic. My life can’t be the same again…I’ve
” The red-haired man shoved his way inside.
“Mmm. Hadn’t thought of that,” John said, becoming overwhelmed.
“For the record, that gay slut comment was a joke,” John interjected.
“Oh, John, that’s hardly fair. I never even met that neurotic secretary.” Sherlock scratched his head, looking absently around the kitchen. It was nearing three in the afternoon, but he was still lounging around in a bathrobe and pyjamas.
Sherlock moved faster, straining his hips so that John hit him all the right spots, gasping. He dug his nails into John’s chest and growled, “
“I haven’t got a mum and dad, and even if I had, I’m with my class,
Hamish soon raced downstairs again. “I unpacked the important things. Ooh, who plays the violin?”
The man finally shoved John roughly into a small room with a hookah table and a single sofa wrapped around it, empty except for Moriarty, who was sprawled out on the cushions. The door shut behind him.
He set the violin down and looked at John with a gratitude he couldn’t express. “Thank you,” he said, leaning down to kiss John.
“You’ve solved other crimes, then? You’ll have to regale me with some of your tales,” Doyle said.
Sherlock’s breath was hot against John’s as he muttered, “Now your trousers.”
“Who—who—how—“ she stuttered, setting the tea tray on the table and backing away from them. “Mr. Doyle!”
this? I don’t know why people think this stuff is so great.” Hamish looked up at Sherlock.
“At least you’re not an unemployed ‘gay slut,’” Sherlock commented.
The next few nights were much the same. It became implied that John would share Jim's bed. John wondered why they both agreed to this—was it to fill some mutual, lonely hole? John couldn't imagine Jim feeling lonely, but he remembered the barbs Sherlock had thrown about Sebastian and the brief, wounded flicker in Jim's eyes. Was this man capable of missing anyone? John couldn't tell.
out that someone went and killed Burke! Does that sound at all familiar to you, John?” He stood, keeping the gun trained at John's head.
“The Ponds!” the Doctor exclaimed. “So I send you off to live with them, too? Oh, brilliant. How old were you? No, wait, don’t tell me—I imagine things will fall into place now that you’re settled in with Wilf. Blimey, he didn’t even recognize me when I dropped you off. I had some explaining to do. Did you know, Hamish, he was there with I died for the 9
The next few days blended together for John. Killing in the day, sleeping with Jim at night. Jim never mentioned the sex; he gave John assignments as usual and dropped to sleep immediately at night.
them…you see.” He ran his hand over his jaw, then his mouth curled into a wicked grin at Sherlock’s dumbfounded expression.
, he told himself.
“You’re implying that I’m some sort of historical figure or a…a character from a book,” Sherlock laughed.
He was pleased to see Sherlock look a bit flustered, a state he rarely saw him in, “No—
dense, I wouldn’t have bothered with you. Just know that before you do anything rash tonight, I have arranged for Sherlock, Mary, and the man you were renting from to all be taken care of should something happen to me, be it murder, accident or otherwise. So be on your best behavior, Johnny, because if I go…so do they. Understood?”
John came, panting and biting down on his gag. Magnussen was right. He hadn’t even needed a touch. The mere thought of Sherlock knowing that he fantasized about him was humiliating enough to send John over the edge. He could feel the dampness in his trousers and was nearly on the edge of tears, panting and seething through the gag.
“Two years ago in the flat of Richard Brook, yes.” She said the name with a slight more pressure and smiled at him. “I was hoping to surprise you but you’ve caught me already.”
“Sure…I wouldn't have been starving like this if I'd have listened to Mary.”
“Hey, Sherlock?” The doctor blinked a few times, puzzled. “What’s happening? Is everything alright, Mary?” He slowly approached a few steps forward, closer to the duo.
The story continued to roll on while the clock struck three. In the end, Sherlock did realize the reference his friend had made and also, figured out the exact ending of the story, leaving both to share an easy laughter. Both of them woke up on the night before at two, and after the case was closed by one at the next night, they decided to see who can stay up till another hour passes. Surely it was unusual for someone like Sherlock who would sit for an entire hour without doing anything at all- apart from the paper cuttings which he was going through while keenly examining John every now and then. The doctor kept himself busy with his blog, but soon dozed off- announcing accuracy to the detective's assumptions.
“No, thank you.” He replied in a dry voice. “Don’t have a partner?”
She got out a piece of paper from her pocket and handed over to Sherlock without saying anything further. His eyebrows slowly furrowed as he went through the note which read-
objects, unlike his scaffold-ish place; another reason why John is to be happier and more comfortable than his days in 221B. His hunt for the letter began right away – drawers, cupboards, underneath the bed, living room, kitchen, even the coat pockets. Nothing was left to be searched yet no sign of that particular piece of paper; instead, he acquired a photo frame containing a picture of the two. Judging by John’s facial hair growth, it was taken almost a year ago. The time when the detective was still acknowledged to be deceased.
The mental calculations prevailed for the next fifteen minutes until the conversation finally ended and the men parted, leaving Sherlock and Mycroft standing beside each other with their blank faces.
He was standing on one corner of the great hall where his dear annoying elder brother had just dragged him into such a boring conversation with some of the high officials. Despite the chattering of the people beside and in front of him, Sherlock's eyes kept darting around the entire area, doing what he liked to do the most- to observe and deduce.
useful. Rather than everyone else who tend to store each and every junk they encounter with in their daily lives. This is why people fail to see the details. Fail to observe and act like a buffoon.”
“Doctor Watson. I was waiting for you.”
“The hare and the tortoise- remember? One of the most famous fables...”
__________________________
Although he ought to admit that it was a close call, very close. John had almost caught him lying; somehow that doctor managed to do so; sometimes in the very beginning, sometimes in the end, and sometimes, not at all. Which always reminded him of that one incident which he had to suffer quite a loss for; stupid that he was. But he is not stupid, never was he. Always had some reason or logic behind every of his task.
"Mr. Holmes, It's a pleasure to meet you." The man smiled politely at the detective.
“You know it's not very nice to look around and pretend to listen when you're actually not.” Mycroft eyed his brother, “especially when you're speaking with the government officials of both England and foreign countries.”
Sherlock went on whilst going through all the information of the woman spoken of, thanks to Lestrade for leaving his sleep and working on right away.
“Mr. Holmes, don’t make me turn all impolite here. This simply is not fair. Even during the smallest of requirements, I may come in handy.”
It was almost twelve at night when Mary was insisting on coming with him but he simply asked her to return home with a loving smile, assuring her that he will return as soon as Sherlock comes back. He could have gone with her, maybe stayed with her for a while and then return once again or go to the Yard but he simply did not feel like it, not today. Strange but despite his hunger, he refused to enjoy the dinner Mrs. Hudson had prepared for them. He ate very little, and drank a cup of coffee before heading upstairs once again, thinking of trying Sherlock on his cell phone.
?” Sherlock turned around with a soft smile. “You and I: the Dynamic Duo.”
The man in the coat took a step forward, only a few inches apart from the doctor.
“You mean disappearing from here to the Highlands...?” John furrowed his eyebrows deeper as he stared at the tall man. “Don't tell me that you're gonna play dead once again, Sherlock. Or are you?”
He let out sigh, thinking about the day when he and John had a mild argument in Baskerville. That very moment when they stood on a lane under the cloudy sky, when he replied rudely to John’s question that he had no ‘friends’. But then, he had to realize it to himself for one more time he’s got just one to call his own.
“Hmm?”
Sally remained quiet until the reports found their place in her hands in form of a file. “As if something different than the usual stuff has happened. The doctor, whenever talking with the freak seemed to be lost and back every now and then.”
“Yeah, sure. And besides, it’s going to be weekend. I’ll have my day off as well.” John glanced at the one in dark trench coat.
Back on 221B, Sherlock sat in his armchair in a manner perfect enough to make an outsider mistake him to be fast asleep. He had taken the duty to follow the Indian guy  for quite some time, watching him shopping groceries, buying tools from a pawn shop, bred from the bakery and then unfortunately, vanishing amidst the public near St. James Square. Of course he had to be good enough with his skills to trick the eye of a detective, a hunter of criminals.
“Yes, but not for long. I had to go get some things hence walked down to the departmental store on the opposite street. Just for fifteen minutes or so.” Replied Mary.
“....Okay....” Sherlock turned his neck a little to look at John getting on a taxi. Then, letting out a barely audible sigh, he finished off the rest of his late night dinner and returned back to his flat in 221B.
He gazed back at the horizon, not permitting the smirk to leave right away.
An hour later the duo was seen back in their flat of 221B. While Sherlock was racing his fingers on his laptop and looking at the texts on his phone; John was sitting on his armchair and going through the profile of the addict. But something was making him feel a tad bit uncomfortable every time he looked at the busy man who was keenly studying the information sent by Lestrade a while ago. But what was it?
The luxurious cars of various high class models drove around the magnificent stone sculpture of the Greek goddess Athena as their owners, dressed in formal attire, climbed the stone steps toward the entrance of a grand hall. A magnificent chandelier hung above their heads, illuminating the white, marble floor. Delicate sculptures, lavish furniture, and of course, artificial miniatures of cascades were nothing but a part of the history and antique-lover’s paradise. The humongous yet delicate exterior and interior structure of the building created a form of awe and fascination amongst each and every of the guests, except one though.
Without hesitation, John left the flat after having a word with the landlady.
It was more than two months since the dinner incident when John had to leave him alone to dine in respond to Mary’s phone call but it was still fresh in his head. For some unknown reason, he did not succeed in deleting that incident from his ‘hard drive’. When they all sat down for dinner, the memory just appeared before him out of nowhere. John was sitting beside his wife across him, pity that the detective could not manage a seat beside his old mate. Beside him sat a young woman in red who somewhat seemed like an awkwardly familiar face. Sherlock exchanged a few glances with the woman from time to time, sometimes smiling, sometimes not.
Sherlock groggily sat up on his bed as he heard two female voices flying in from the sitting room. It took him seconds to recognize the speakers while sliding on his robe and walking out of bedroom only to see Mary sitting on John’s armchair with Mrs. Hudson near the door. Seeing Mary sitting alone with a thoughtful expression on her face made Sherlock think of nothing at first but his best friend. “Where’s John?” He eventually asked.
“Our doc seemed a little different today, don't you think? Ever since they had entered the office room, I've been noticing him often staring at Holmes."
The small smirk curving up one corner of Sherlock's lips did not escape John's eyes, leaving him furrowing his eyebrows the same way in the first place. Slowly, the detective turned his neck to look at the straight haired man. “A perfect way to disappear, unnoticed.”
“Alright, bye.”
The rest was just a matter of marksmanship and fistfights. Luckily, Sherlock had the potential for being a good boxer and Wiggins with his crafty moves managed to knock down a few of them.
Seeing John occupied in a conversation with a woman who took care of the horses, Mary reached her phone and dialed Sherlock’s number.
“Hmm. Strangled and then shot.”
The Hat Man gets away anyway.
“Yes, annoying as it sounds, there’s someone in the Yard who is a part of the killer gang.” The detective lowered his tone while turning to look at the Detective Inspector, Greg Lestrade standing behind them.
“Still think yourself as the smart one?” Sherlock put on a half smirk whilst saying so.
"This is Captain Phillips, ex-"
The detective did not give him a chance to speak as he stormed out of the room and stepped outside in no time. Letting out a sigh, the doctor walked near the window only to see his companion getting on a taxi hastily and head to the left.
The dinner was rather shorter than Sherlock had expected. While they were halfway in the middle of one of their low pitched yet fun conversations after quite a long time, Mary called- asking her husband to return home for she was feeling ill and had already thrown up couple of times.
The main reason why the detective decided to dance with this woman was only to have a better look at all the guests around him. He knew some of them, some were unknown, but his assumptions and quick observation helped a lot to get a primary picture of most of them. He did not miss to have a look at his elder brother who was standing on one side, holding a glass of champagne. Their eyes met for once before Sherlock turned away.
“It’s been a few weeks already since the first time. I thought that I’ll be able to handle things by myself but...”
“Are you sure you don’t want to? I mean, we can postpone it, you know… If it’s something serious.” John furrowed his eyebrows.
“And deer too.” John chuckled, receiving a frown from Sherlock in return.
Sherlock gets a new case from someone he genuinely had not expected however, things turn out to be quite hazy and unusual fro the detective whilst working on it. Meanwhile, John keeps reminiscing about his old days with the detective and slowly starts to showing hints of his possessive nature.
“Still, it would be nice to have him around here.”
Several hands clapped in front of them as they stood beside Mr. Rogers. A man appeared behind the owner, holding a tray covered with a red velvet cloth. He, revealing two small crests, soon removed the veil. Flowers and vines engraved in gold intertwined around and above the inscriptions written in silver on the two wooden crests that were handed over to Sherlock and John by Ferdinand. The flashing of the cameras and applauses continued as the two stood straight, both maintaining small polite smiles in front of the crowd.
“How about a dance?” Sherlock asked eventually in a low voice.
With an assuring smile, the blond woman walked upstairs, not allowing the old lady to speak or ask anything further.
After the dinner, they were to attend a performance of the London Symphony Orchestra. It was obvious that the guests danced in couples along with the marvelous music on the background. The detective stood on a corner of the hall, watching the couples dance throughout the hall. His gray eyes did not miss some of the dancers whom he had made assumptions about- especially the son of Captain Phillips and the personal secretary. The old man was engaged in a conversation across the hall with Mycroft that prevented him to have a look at the couple.
“Where are you going?” John stood up to see the detective fully dressed.
“I don’t seem to find it.” She replied in a dry voice, her pupils wandering around as well.
“Now I would like to call the two heroes- Mister Holmes and Doctor Watson on the stage.”
“Clearly not his handwriting. He’s left handed.”
“Sherlock would look adorable standing there, with those deer on the background.”
His eyes and ears all over the city – The Homeless Network, were already assigned to keep an eye of a man with matching description. But now what he was more in need of, a quiet thinking place to ponder on without interruption. Had Missus Hudson been home, he would have asked her to not let the ‘clients’ enter directly and invade his personal space.
I am blatantly noting that you’re short—vertically lacking, if you will.” Sherlock bit back a grin.
Without busses, a very new and quite limited tube station, and next to no cars, there were far more pedestrians, and those not on foot were riding in carriages or hansom cabs or riding carts laden with produce or supplies.
John didn’t know how Molly Hooper had his phone number; she was the last person he’d expected to hear from. She described to him in detail Sherlock’s current state.
"If this got back to me, I could be in serious trouble. Jailed, even."
“What’s Cluedo?”
trying to help us,” Sherlock confirmed, frowning at the Doctor.
John bit back a laugh. It was ludicrous; a man’s faulty memory, surely. He waited for Sherlock to turn the man away, but Sherlock interlaced his fingers and asked, “How old were you during the Blitz?”
Sherlock rose, baffled and furious, as the Doctor strolled over to his TARDIS and stepped in, ignoring John’s “wait!” and closing the door.
Sherlock stepped in and closed the door, and for a moment they stood in the hallway, looking at each other.
Jim grinned and laughed. “Working and at school. The day’s getting a bit late, isn’t it? Or had you been too wrapped up in your head to mind the clock again, my dear?” He tapped his fingers against his lips in mock concern. “Where could they be?”
Jim kept his back to him as he removed his tie, waistcoat and shirt, neatly putting each in its proper place in his wardrobe. Once topless and shoeless, Jim turned as he unbuttoned his pants and looked up to take in every inch of John, a smirk on his face. He finished removing his clothing then crawled onto the bed behind the kneeling John and reached around, letting his hands run across his chest, one going up to grab at John's throat again, the other moving down to brush against and then grab at John's cock.
(See the end of the chapter for
say—Oh
John continued to the next one, which came a few hours later. “Charlotte again. Sorry to bother, but I’m beginning to think I’m going a bit mad, and the police won’t listen. They think I’m crazy—but I hear you deal with crazy cases.
John reread that phrase over again. Knowing Moriarty, he would almost certainly send more men back to London, even if was only for a show of power. This could be John’s chance. His chance to see Sherlock, or to at least get a message to him.
Sherlocked pulled away, surprised. “Oh.” He backed up a bit more and nodded. “You’re right, John. I’m sorry, I didn’t—I wasn’t. I should go to bed.”
The tailor held up a mirror for John to look at himself. He smoothed his hand along the hat's brown brim. “My exact size, Sherlock. Did you measure my skull circumference while I slept, or did you just do an eyeball estimate.”
Between kisses John demanded, “Why didn’t you—ever tell me? Why’d you
“People will have questions no matter
Jim grinned. “You want to talk
“And we’ve said goodbye to our friends,” John considered.
“John Watson, you are a bigger thrill seeker than I originally pegged you for.” He plucked the map from John’s hands. “Assyrian Ivory-Work. It never sees much action.”
“Are you afraid of me, John?”
John tore a sheet of paper from his notebook and passed over, then watched as the old man sketched out a creature with tusks and flat, glassy eyes. It was a good drawing, but the creature looked like some fantastical monster. As Duncan drew, he explained, “It was eight feet tall, more or less? The skin, here and around here, was grayish, with blue patches here…there was a sort of sheen to the skin.”
Jim pressed his hips against John, his fist clenched in his hair to keep him close. John’s eyes widened as he felt the beginning of Jim’s erection against him.
The boy, who had grown so much over the year, ran up to both of them and hugged them around the necks, crying as they both kneeled in front of him. “I didn’t know if you’d both come back—I—I—I didn’t know if- if you’d both be okay—I didn’t want you to die for
Jim pulled out and thrust hard into John once, and as agonized, intense pleasure spilled over John, Jim whispered, “I will slit your son's throat.”
. But he's alien, definitely. Word on the street is he has two hearts."
Jim didn't look up. “Hm. Is it really? I was worried London might…rekindle some old feelings.”
John hadn’t realized that he’d been holding his breath until he let it out in a long sigh. “Clever. Except,” he gave a nervous laugh, “now we’ll have to skirt around two creepy statues every time we go in and out of your room.”
He whirled over to his desk and pulled the small security camera from the drawer, fixing it to the bookshelf and hooking it up to his computer to create a live stream of the living room.
Sherlock wiped an escaped tear off John’s cheek with his thumb. After a moment, he pulled away to grab the covers, untangle them a bit, and pull them over the two to keep them warm from the cool night. He set his head back where it was and let his eyes roam over John’s face, finding himself have to rememorize it as its changed so much.
Sherlock pressed him harder against the wall.
you two do when you’re not on the case?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, and the Doctor hastily held up his hand, glancing at Hamish. “No, wait, don’t tell me.”
him, hear his annoyed voice. At this point, he would settle for any sort of news from him.
John bristled, yanking open the door. “She’s making a scarf for you as well, you know. Navy blue. Like your old one. There’s nothing wrong with making friend. Just because you never bothered with them doesn’t mean us ‘normals’ can’t.” Once again, he wanted to swallow back his words. He knew how childish he sounded, but instead of apologizing or trying to backtrack, he left, slamming the door before Sherlock could yell back a retort.
When they returned to the living room, Sherlock turned to him. “No time for real paperwork, but Craig’s worried that if Hamish just up and disappears, child protection might take Alfie.”
, Jim.”
Over the months, as John’s and Sherlock’s earnings added up, they were able to furnish the flat comfortably, buying a bed for Hamish when he came home on weekends, clothes for themselves so they no longer stuck out like sore thumbs, and Mary’s housekeeping services. Mary was the most welcome addition, as they were both utterly lost in the foreign, antiquated kitchen. They’d been mostly living off street vendors’ food, and both men had lost weight.
and she took it the wrong way. Maybe if you weren’t excluding me from cases I wouldn’t be around her so often!”
“He wanted to burn me. Burn the heart out of me.” Sherlock stared at the fireplace darkly.
“No, no, Mr. Doyle does, I’m afraid,” John said. “He just writes from my perspective.”
“Lovely. Glad to know that our financial situation is sorted. We’ll teach our son how to pickpocket like a proper street urchin while simultaneously making enemies with our potential landlord. Oh, yes. We’re going to flourish in the century—“ John’s grumblings faded away as he was taken in by the scope of the crowded London street.
“Oooh, very good, pet. I didn’t tell him because I don’t
with time. You can do this, and I will be
“And your occupations?” Doyle asked.
“Unlikely. They haven’t got anything new.”
She turned away to hurriedly wipe her eyes.
Over the next few weeks, John began his work at the hospital and Sherlock started reading the newspapers voraciously, scanning for crimes.  He spent his time walking the streets, familiarizing himself with old London, its homeless, its wealthy, the tradesmen and merchants and pubs and opium dens and gentlemen’s clubs and cabarets. One day John came home in a new waistcoat and jacket and some good news. He’d found a school that might accept Hamish. The annual fee was steep, but there were cases where tuition could be waived if the pupil was bright enough. John assumed Hamish wouldn’t have the slightest difficulty proving himself worthy.
John increased his speed, taking more of the length each time until Jim was in as far as he could bear. He sucked as hard as he could, sliding his tongue up and down the veins.
Sherlock looked into John’s eyes.  “I missed you.” He sat up himself, John straddling his thighs, and kissed him again, pulling him close. John pushed into the kiss, gripping Sherlock’s back, relishing the feel of his spine and shoulder blades.
“A fair concern,” Sherlock said, then rolled off the bed, leaving John naked and too aroused to think straight. He returned a moment later with his blue scarf, then straddled John once again. He twisted the scarf until it looked more like a rope and hooked it behind his back, holding the ends to keep it taut. He looked down at John darkly.
Hamish shifted uncomfortably for a moment before digging something out of his trouser pocket. He handed John his own wallet. “I just wanted to see who you were…and your medical identification was in there…” He raised his eyes to meet John’s regretfully.
“Are you on drugs? Are you in the MI5?” she demanded.
miss you, you know. It just wasn’t the same without you. See, at
Sherlock stared at the angel in bafflement. The Doctor had told them to blink. He’d told them that the angels would take their energy and send them back to the past. Setting aside the absurdity of it all, Sherlock considered it as if it could actually happen.
They gave each other a last, parting look, each hoping it communicated what they were unable to say, before Sherlock opened the door and stepped into the hallway to meet John.
either.” He grabbed Hamish under his arms and hoisted him up to kiss his forehead.
see his face! No one’s got a
“God, she’s going to be unbearable...”
“Because we are masters in our respective fields and it would be absurd not to hire us,” Sherlock interjected.
time he’ll want to stick around to make sure I hold up my end of the bargain.”
“I think you’re the one that owes
John sighed against him, slowly stepping backwards to sit back onto the bed, taking Sherlock with him, never letting his lips stray far from his. He rested a hand at the side of Sherlock's neck and took two fingers to slide down Sherlock's back, vertebrae by vertebrae.
Sherlock gave him a sideways glance. "It seems irrational to get worked up over," he pointed out. "Now. We'll need to amass what everyone's told us so far, and try to figure out the best way to find this madman."
for that matter, act as if you don’t care for me at all.” He looked her up and down. “Which shouldn’t be too difficult for you, and wouldn’t be that hard for him to believe either.”
Jane was trembling ever so slightly, but her voice was calm. “I can do it, sir. I’ve done it before.”
Sherlock looked at the unknown number ringing out on his phone. The Doctor had known someone would call. He dreaded answering, but was filled with curiosity. He settled by tossing the phone onto the sofa, glaring at it until it stopped ringing.
Sherlock's deep whisper echoed back and forth in his ears as he felt a soft yet tender press of lips on his cheek whilst he slowly closed his eyelids.
His pupils kept flying around in search of that one couple-John and Mary. At last, he found the two dancing in the middle of the floor, right above the chandelier.
“Alright.”
“Not that I know of. Even the locks were in place as well everything indoors.”
“I’ll try to make it out.” The detective murmured.
“Oh I'm doing well dear. How's Mary?”
“What else do you mean by
“I forgot to bring it here, it’s inside my drawer.” Mary replied dryly.
“The letter, where is it?” Sherlock asked while looking around the sitting room of the house with Mary following him.
“Oh, well, what's so odd about that?” Molly took another pipette and slowly dropped another chemical on the specimen of blood.
The stupid words of his own voice kept running for a while before the woman sitting on his right interrupted him. He already thought of attempting to remember the woman but the thoughts just got ahold of him before doing so. She smiled politely at Sherlock before speaking up first.
Sherlock exhaled softly while averting his gaze, more annoyed than amused now.
He let out a small sigh and went out to get a cab after kissing his fiancée goodbye.
While he stood near the window long after seeing his fiancée disappear in the turning of the streets on a taxi, his phone buzzed once more. A text from Sherlock.
Sherlock did not utter a word. His chin was resting upon his fingers. Eyes still, calm attitude- indicators of his thinking process. Miss Morstan shifted uncomfortably in her seat while looking around. She herself was nervous and also, a little embarrassed due to all the inconveniences she had caused to the dwellers of 221B. The clock of her phone reminded her that it was about 6am and she could do nothing but only hope for her fiancé to remain asleep.
“But where to? Any reason or plan in particular?” John looked away for a few seconds before looking at him frowning in confusion once again. “And we… What do you mean by
“Someone poisoned him through skin contact.” John spoke while carefully examining the back of the man's hand along with Sherlock.
John could not but look directly into his magnificent bluish gray eyes.
“It’s sensitive. Dangerous.” Sherlock muttered to himself, not even sure why he had to do that out aloud. But at least no one had heard him, that’s a relief. And besides, his tendency to remain addicted to murders and cigarettes are the loopholes.
“Obviously. Remember when I posed as an addict? He yelled at you when you and Mary were dragging me outside into the car.”
What did John feel at that moment? When the ever-mysterious man stood in front of him with a fake mustache, trying his best to convince and ease up the doctor with an apologetic voice and small, nervous smiles. When he wiped off the marks in order to reconfirm his existence and asked John if his would wipe off as well. Certain, he was unsure whether to laugh or to cry. Whether he should hug the tall man or punch him on the face.
“It’s good to see you again, Mr. Holmes. Back from the dead.”
“You look a little absent, John. Is everything alright?” asked Mary.
“The next morning after the dinner party, I saw a man loitering outside from the kitchen window. I took no notice until I realized that the man was actually following me, changing his position every time when I move away, staring at me from the windows of each room. At last, I closed the curtains and sat to have tea with John. After sometime, the bell rang and it was the same man from the streets, asking about a Mrs. Hughes. There was a woman of her name who had recently moved out of the building to Brighton. I was about to approach him on the doorstep but he quickly hurried off downstairs and John closed the door.” Mary stopped, exhaled and then continued once again. “Two days later, I received a poison pen letter which was left near our doorstep on the evening.”
“I was about to say yes anyway.” Sherlock mumbled, addressing his brother whilst leaving him behind.
Donovan let out a sarcastic smirk at Miss Hooper in reply.
John exhaled softly. “He’s obsessed with it, perhaps a murder case. He loves murders…”
“And he’s not a freak, by the way.”
“You know that I only keep the information that is important. Like, really important." He sat straight, pressing his right index finger to his skull. "This hard drive contains information that is
Sherlock frowned at her. “Are you sure?”
“I'm sorry, what?” John blinked a few times while throwing a confused look at the detective.
Melancholia and glee, with a fine essence of romance- perfect way to express one’s sentimental thoughts. A lover pining for that one special person, or the heart burning in the flames of unrequited love; no matter which one it is, cannot but submit one’s sentimentality to this aesthetic. John stood still, charmed by the magnificent music that filled his ears while a mild smile curved the corner of his lips, and once again, slowly began to cloud his mind with thoughts, memories.
“Oh and, Captain, you have forgotten your medicines for a certain type of skin allergy you’ve been suffering from. Hence, the skin rashes those are re appearing around your neck once again. Don’t worry John; it doesn’t seem contagious because if it really were, he would not have attended the dinner tonight. Also, while stepping out of your car and walking across the pavement you accidentally stepped on the small puddle, your shoes still have a few dry stains, you might want to go clean that up and-”
“We're going to the building with Lestrade to have a look.” Sherlock mused, knowing it's pointless to ask John whether he shall accompany him because it's already certain that he will.
For once, he thought of calling Mary, but came to a halt immediately when he remembered John was accompanying her. Although John remaining in the dark was something he did not like, perhaps time will only reveal the truth. The Big Truth which our Mister Holmes have been in search of.
someone in the Yard disguised as a clerk and roaming around without drawing much attention. The man, who poisoned the addict and the clerk, was a part of a group that had successfully committed various crimes in many countries across the world and had finally set their foot here in London. The head of the group- Joe, was in search of some low lives in order to build up a new network, but accidentally bumped into the wrong person- which resulted in the addict losing his life one night near the river. The leader knew what would occur; since Sherlock Holmes himself is going to investigate hence he decided to take the matter in his hands this time- choosing the Yard itself to begin with. Just as planned, he took the post of a clerk last month, and tried to pull the job.
Mary remained quiet as Sherlock took his seat on the couch across her and started to examine her face. Fear, anxiety, uncomfortable, insecurity, friend, issues, fidgeting, and palpitation- these were the words and phrases that lingered around the woman like words in a hologram. He wondered if this had anything to do with John. After all, she had been with him for more than two years now, and a few months since they’ve been living together. It undoubtedly is unusual- she here early in the morning. It would be, yes, if it’s… It’s… A case!
He could not sleep well for the next few hours- shifting every now and then, looking at the window and eagerly waiting for the sun to rise.
John walked closer to the body, furrowing his eyebrows. “He looks kind of familiar.”
Miss Riley was certainly enjoying the dance. After all, she is dancing with ‘the man beneath the hat’, which was actually quite unexpected for her. She quietly praised herself for succeeding in gaining Sherlock’s attention, completely unaware of the inner boredom and annoyance she was creating inside the man due to her company.
He sat down on a couch, once again lost in deep thoughts. It can be anywhere, anyone may have it. But what was more important… “What exactly was written in that letter?” He muttered, barely audible for a normal person but not for Mary. Not during this moment of desperation for a single piece of paper.
“No, just blank.”
“Tomorrow sounds wonderful. Doesn’t it, Sherlock?” Mary chimed.
“Any suspects yet?” John asked in a low voice while examining the letters.
By the end of the day, the case was on the verge of being closed by the detective. The new problem, however, was that the suspect mysteriously died in custody a few minutes after the duo had left the Yard.
“What do you mean, he isn’t coming?” Mary dilated her pupils, snatching the phone from her fiancé. “Sherlock? Yeah, but-” A deep sigh of disappointment escaped under her breath. “I thought we talked about this yesterday…. Then what happened…..Fine. Oh yeah, we’ll have lots of fun, without you.” With a small chuckle afterwards, she hung up.
“A Caucasian. Blond. Not too old at age, preferably a young adult…. Why? Have you found him?” Mary frowned.
The women kept gazing into the man’s eyes while he remained with the usual straight face. Only the medley of the Blue Danube Waltz cut through the prevailing silence between the two.
“The Roseberys Fine Art Auctioneers Company expresses their heartiest gratitude to Mister Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson. Without their keen efforts and great skills, we wouldn’t have been able to acquire the artifact and perhaps, it would be on the black market by now.” Ferdinand let out a grin. “Thanks to: England’s Hat Man and Robin.”
“Mary, listen to me” he leaned forward, “John is someone who won’t be judging you by your past, but your present. Trust me, he will. And I too, can help him understand the whole thing… I”
“Did you leave the house?”
John remained silent, blinking. His face straight, bearing somewhat of a skeptical expression. “You’re lying.”
“You don’t understand, Sherlock.” Mary shook her head, eyes welling with tears. “It’s… It’s about my personal life and it really had been awful for me and a matter of embarrassment as well. The last thing I would want for is John knowing about it…. Please, Sherlock, you’ve got to-”
“So, where exactly are we going there?” Asked John.
He opened his eyes shortly afterwards, only to look at the ceiling of his bedroom. Just for one moment he imagined and hoped the dream to continue, resulting in him mistaking the hand on his chest not his fiancée’s but Sherlock's. But soon after the haze cleared away, he realized that it was nothing more than a dream... a wild dream.
hands?!”
“In bed. There’s only one, so you and I will have to take the floor tonight.” He glanced at the thin sheets and the dying fire in their grate. “We’re going to be a bit cold, I’m afraid, unless you want to slip under the rug,” John said, laughing a little ruefully.
Hamish pulled away. “Dad, what happened to you?”
“That seems a bit extreme. Why? We haven’t found any reason to believe the statues are dangerous.”
“I will never insult your skills on a case,” John said, pulling out his laptop and setting it on his desk. “Only your skills at recognizing love.”
John slammed the door behind him, hoping the loud noise would at least inspire Sherlock to look up from where he sat, but he didn’t even bother a glance, staying absorbed in the newspaper. John stomped up to his chair and snatched the newspaper away. “Brilliant, this has got to be a record! We should really start a tally on the wall next to your bloody gunshot smiley face!”
John sank down next to him. “Angels, though?” He couldn’t help but laugh. He had to—it was all so absurd.
Jim was still rutting against John, whose struggles only made the friction more palpable. It didn’t take long for Jim to grab hold of John’s wrists and tether them together with the belt to the headboard, leaving John’s arms incapacitated and the rest of his body vulnerable.
And it all went as planned, I hear.”
Molly hurried to the toilet, uncapping the bottles and dumping the pills down the toilet, then flushing them down. Sherlock feebly tried to stop her, then leaned against the doorframe and watched forlornly as the pills were flushed away. Molly turned back to him and gripped his shoulders.
“What are you on about? Let me come with you. I can help, and it’s been ages since I’ve been able to go on a case,” John begged.
John was familiar with the name. Cassey was a low-life crime lord out of Cork that dealt with Jim on a fairly regular basis.
“You’re looking for a new flat,” Sherlock said, trying to keep his voice expressionless.
better! Sex is no fun when there’s not a winner, isn’t that right?” Jim shoved John back on the bed and quickly straddled and pinned him, ducking down to lick and suck up his chest, then bit down on his nipples, causing John to writhe and arch his back. “And I’m
“Switch tutors,” Sherlock said. “In fact, we should switch you to another school entirely.”
“Send her upstairs.” Came in the brief reply.
Sherlock led the woman with fine steps along with the Waltz. His dancing skills were splendid, shame that a few of them were aware of it. Besides playing the violin, he always had a thing for dancing despite his standing quietly on most of the parties. He used to find the matter amusing that John was not aware about this trait of his flat mate. There were more traits of Sherlock left which he was yet to discover in fact. After all, not everyone is as observant as Sherlock was; John is definitely not the one to blame.
