His cheeks burnt and he fled the room under Sherlock's mocking sneers. Reaching the kitchen, he tried to adopt a dignified, military stance, and to ignore the fact that he found even a bloody sniggering tiger
He had to admit that Sherlock was too impulsive and much too candid to be able to enjoy fully political power and such. Sherlock never wanted to be a mastermind, whether criminal or not. He wanted to be a pirate. He was a mischievous child and even as he grew up he was still too pert to truly be on anybody's side. His impertinence only matched his audacity – he could only have clients, not masters. Which is why Mycroft was so concerned about this whole affair. Sherlock hadn't done it for a client. He certainly hadn't done it out of brotherly support either. He had done it to protect John and those he loved.
"Did you?" she said, sounding as dull as all the other women in the room did. But the consulting detective could tell from the movement of her eyes that she was trying to remember whether she had ever come across the name before.
John laughed, and the detective was so surprised by the wholehearted reaction that a candid smile spread across his face.
She blushes, and bites her lips. You can almost hear the thought 'God I'm such an idiot' emanating from her.
"Repel me? You?" he repeated. And since Sherlock was still staring at him expectantly, he added precipitately: "No, God no! Quite the contrary."
Molly wondered if he had known for a while, or if it was in the text he'd just received. Either way, he probably knew more about his current location than she did.
"It's true I don't want you to leave. It's true I want to tie you down to me. But John, if you are not ready for this, if this is not what you
He puts his head back on the pillow and lets the tears flow. He doesn't scream or cry out in despair. Weeping doesn't ease the weight in his chest. It's no longer just tightness: it's as if his whole ribcage had turned to lead and was squashing his organs. Rolling on the side, he embraces the pillow desperately, fists clenched. He presses it against his body and sobs quietly into it.
Jim Moriarty had planned everything in advance and was overjoyed when he saw Sherlock had finally understood:
John rolls his eyes, muttering something like "Of course you did". A door is slammed downstairs and the steps creak. Sherlock glances at John nervously.
In the warmth of Sherlock's arms, gently pressed against his chest and receiving most of his attention and all his caresses, John was basking in sheer bliss. It felt like home and heaven and so much more. It was perfect, because when he was a cat, John did not feel any lust for his partner – thankfully. He craved his touch, pined for his attention and some tenderness on his part, even if it was only out of interest in the funny cat that John had turned into. But being in Sherlock's arms sufficed to make John wholly happy. He knew that one day the detective would probably get bored with it, but for now he was holding him and paying attention to him only, and it was matchless. They cuddled for a while, until Sherlock murmured:
"Oh. You. What are you doing here?" Sebastian Moran inquired as he met Irene at the door of the little cottage.
John held his gaze for a while, then closed his eyes. He nuzzled Sherlock's hand in a touch both gentle and strangely defeated. Sherlock stiffened.
As if reading your thoughts, Moriarty suddenly stuck the scalper in John's left hand, eliciting the loudest and most horrifying howl to this point.
Weaving this mantra into the atrocious silence, he kept sobbing himself to exhaustion until he blacked out, never letting go.
realized, Sherlock, you don't realize it at all! Think, just think and face it for once. The solitude. The meaninglessness. The lethal boredom. John Watson dispelled it all. It doesn't make sense and that's your excuse but he dispelled it all."
White petals are falling. Mary stirs, then tightly shuts her eyes, trying to fall back to sleep. But she can feel the petals slowly burying her under a white coat of flowers; and she does not like the idea. Annoyed, she shakes them away. To no avail. Eventually she snaps and sits up, eyes wide open and ready to shout at someone.
Because that was the problem. Hormones. Sherlock didn't even seem to have any sexual desire at all, whatever the object. He simply wasn't interested; he didn't need such a dimension to his life, which was full enough with cases and experiments. He had been clear enough during their first dinner at Angelo's, and even if for some unfathomable reasons he agreed to such a relationship with John, the doctor was intimately convinced that he would be purely indulging him. It would be the conclusion to some outrageous reasoning such as:
Indeed... I knew you already. What I didn't know was that you'd get yourself another fan just the previous day of that little encounter I had set for you. The
Fortunately, he soon came to with a groan, bringing his pale hand to his head. John could almost see it throb from where he was sitting. He wasn't very far, but too far to reach him. And John couldn't move.
She stands, kisses John on the forehead, and slumps into the armchair, opening the novel she's currently reading.
The man was busy typing on his phone. Sherlock had known he would see him today. But walking in on him in the blue halo of a mobile phone first thing in the morning was not something he had foreseen. Under such circumstances, it was difficult not to think of Victor as a ghost sprung up straight from his past.
"They weren't just assumptions! They were logical deductions and even if today new elements tend to show that he wasn't a criminal after all, at the time it was a legitimate conclusion! I wasn't his friend, all right? I am a police officer and my duty is-"
Seb laughs at the strange title John has already found, but Lestrade completely ignores him and answers:
"I think she just took off on her honeymoon. With her first husband, that is. Divorce papers can be tedious, I suppose."
Empty. Was Sherlock's grave empty, or was Moriarty in it? She had never asked. Sherlock would know. Moran probably did. Irene watched the back of the man standing next to a tall red-haired woman and two smaller blondes – not the same kind of blond, one closer to grey, like Dr. Watson's, the other, more like ambers. Irene noted with satisfaction that none of them looked as good as she did in her black widow outfit. Nothing too stunning, of course – she did not want to attract attention. But black did not suit either of those women.
John noticed that his friend's pale hands were shaking slightly as he looked intently at the kitchen chair. Then it sank in. Right. The chair. Not good.
Less than five seconds after he has pressed the SEND button, his phone rings. Mycroft. Idiot. Why is he calling back?
Jim turned and cocked his head to the side, acting all surprised. The detective tried to ignore the look of shock on John's face. In fact, he decided to ignore John altogether. He couldn't bear the thought of his flatmate and colleague watching him like this, and so decided to deny his very presence.
The police's theory was that Brad had made the arrangements himself. He had suicidal tendencies. It was in the file the therapist had turned in to the police for the criminal investigation. No, Sherlock corrected automatically, albeit mentally. The file said Brad had mentionned suicide several times, but had never attempted it. Couldn't do it himself, that's why he would ask Henry. Briefly, Sherlock imagined John asking that of him, and felt very cold. He brushed off such an illogical and unpleasant thought, and turned to Lestrade once more.
Then he thought, 'I will make way for the most righteous.' And he asked, 'What kind of righteousness has this king of yours.'
stranger, but still, some random person could just see him and know he was that fake detective who turned out not to be a fake and...
No, Sherlock concluded and confirmed in his mind as he saw yet again a look of disgust on his partner's face while he averted his gaze to the window, shared warmth and lands beyond rainbows were not meant for him.
You shake your head. No. Not that. An image of Ron with his harmonica flashes across your field of vision and you close your eyes.
"Force him? No. I won't do anything. But other people... Well. Let's just say the end of the tale is approaching. Everything must have been set. But I don't know how much has been written."
Sherlock tried not to roll his eyes. "And could that person have given them or sold them to Mr. Milverton?"
Then she had realized; Sherlock always turned to John when asking this now. He only ever asked John. She wondered if the doctor understood it correctly. It seemed obvious to her that he wasn't so much asking if this was good according to society and people in general, but that it was according to
Having said that, she leans in and presses her lips to yours, and it feels like a gift. You love her for her understanding, and for her respect: her respect for the man who's become part of you and which she fully accepts.
"We can think of something; I'm sure this can be solved quite easily. But you have to stop worrying about it. Did it feel good? When I touched you."
"There's also the fact that I'd rather not date anyone unless it's what you call love at first sight, because I have this bad habit of screaming Sherlock's name at release, no matter the partner. And really, 'Sherlock' doesn't sound like anything else, so-"
You're presently considering writing the whole story from the D.I.'s point of view, as his recounting was quite funny and readers would certainly appreciate the style. Then you remember you're not actually posting this on the web anymore, and that you haven't updated your blog in ages. You check the date on the computer screen.
Right. He hadn't told her anything, but she had gathered as much. Who else could be powerful enough to force him to commit
The ex-soldier didn't feel the same emptiness as when he had come back from Afghanistan. Back then, is was only nothingness and worthlessness. Now though, the hole in himself was the reminder of something that had been ripped from his very being. He felt despoiled of a part of him that was irreplaceable and had held all the meaning, although not a vital one (and that was all the more cruel), like a professional runner losing his legs in an accident.
because he always thought very carefully of each and every word he uttered, and always uttered them for a very specific purpose.
"Is there anything you wanted to ask? I don't have all night," John cut in again, tired of the whole thing. Most of all, he did not want Sherlock to come here. If he could never see Jim Moriarty again, that would be for the best.
"Look who's talking," John mumbles. His embarrassment is obvious. So is his confusion. He is torn between past and present and he doesn't dare look at the future but still he is doing it and it terrifies him. Idiot. As if he could deal with that
A dog was running on the patio, yapping and barking so the sun would go. So the sun went at last and all lights but one died, remembrance of things past. One glimmer kept shining, that on the dog's collar, reflecting the moon rays before he jumped and dashed to the nearest cellar.
Moran shrugged and looked around the room until he spotted the mini-bar. He walked to it and served himself a brandy.
Sherlock blinked, fumbled a little to take his wallet out and handed a £20 note to the driver. He stepped out of the car quickly, and John waited to get back his change. His heart was pounding, and he too wanted to get out of the cramped space that had felt even more stifling after he'd kissed Sherlock, but that was no reason to throw money out–
Between the scene at the supermarket and the one he has prepared for the flat, Sherlock took time to compose himself. The shock had been expected. He had not heard John's voice for years. Hadn't seen him from up close for a very long time.
. Both are good to John: he wants both. The only hope you have to keep him by your side is to provide as much excitement as possible and pray that he never tires of it. You cannot give John anything else: you are insufferable at times (OK, most of the time) and wretched at crafting relationships. It is something you cannot change.
people would find it embarrassing, but since when do you care? You never give a damn about society standards. Have you ever felt ashamed when you've been examining a body gleefully, even though a person had just died?"
In this instant, however, John wanted very much to sit next to him. And possibly to fall asleep and unintentionally rest his head on his shoulder.
John had received by the post his old key to 221B a few days prior – thanks to Mycroft's meddling and Mrs. Hudson's attempt to be kind. The dear woman must have thought most sincerely that it would do the doctor some good to put some order, if only to leave everything behind once and for all.
Hence the sudden distancing attempt – the new girlfriend, the increase in work at the clinic, and all his other smaller avoidances. Sherlock disapproved, and John knew it. The detective was quite possessive: whatever he fancied, he wanted to monopolize. But John also knew he shouldn't read anything more into it. He certainly wouldn't doubt his own sexuality just because Sherlock was playing around with him – not in a bad or cruel way, really, but like a child. Irresponsibly, and blissfully unconcerned.
"I never intended to kill Ron," he said coldly. "Not until the very last minute. Not until it became obvious I had no choice."
space any more because he was nothing, owned nothing, nothing that Moriarty wasn't the true owner of. He couldn't run and hide in the recesses of his mind palace, because the man would come and get him there, feeling at home. He couldn't try to be smart, because Moriarty had outsmarted him – because he had let himself get
Sherlock shook his head, then shut his eyes tight, as if fighting off threatening tears. Or concentrating intensely on something. It seemed to last forever, but finally he opened his eyes again. They locked with John's for an instant, before Sherlock looked down.
John smiled. Every time he said something nice, Sherlock just had to chunter to avoid being too embarrassed. A cure, was it? It was the first time John had been in a relationship
The problem in the end was Moran's involvement. Had this been another face-to-face with Jim, Sherlock would have known exactly how to proceed.
"You terrible man!" she exclaims, waving her cigarette in front of you threateningly. "What case did you stand me up for this time?"
attracted, that much was undeniable. But he too had been forced into the realization of his body's desires – the key word being
Obvious to anyone who knows him, huh? So fifteen years were nothing, or a day was enough to get reacquainted with a friend from one's youth? Either alternative made something in John feel cold and dead, while something bitter and biting rose. He could not quite believe the effect of inadequacy he felt not only with Sherlock but with Victor too, now. That man just popped up from Sherlock's past seemed to understand him better than even John did.
A flash of sheer pain traversed the gaze of the manul and Sherlock was flabbergasted. It had seemed so... human.
His fingers on you move slowly, up and down, and you can't say it's unpleasant; but you remain despairingly soft in his hand. You swallow. John's mouth curves up against yours.
But Dr. Watson tried to be conventional. Moran did not even try. Wasn't the human soul an incredible object of observation? One could never be bored. Soul probably wasn't the right word for it, though. Irene highly doubted anyone would have granted Moran one. Yet he was just as human, if not more, than any of them.
"You've still got clothes here," you say, playing for time. "Enough for tomorrow, at any rate. And your pyjamas must be somewhere in there..."
jacket — so no one could read that. Sherlock was in black jeans and a black T-shirt. His didn’t say anything, but there was a stylised, white tiger head printed on the front. Sherlock had refused to wear it pointblank, but Victor had just laughed and said ‘Sherlock, do you really think I have an endless supply of lame T-shirts? It’s the tiger, or Jungle Boy.’
"Oh no, I am not in need of a doctor. I just need to speak with him. Please. Could you let him know I am here?"
The kiss was sweet and loving, delicate like a caress but not chaste. It wasn't hungry and violent, which was what startled John the most, as Sherlock's kisses were usually desperate and passionate, almost bruising. It gave him the distinct feeling that his friend was kissing him not for himself, but truly for
He would have to admit later that John had a better idea of what he was doing than Sherlock. Each of John's thrust elicited a cry, a moan or a whimper; each time it sent galvanizing currents throughout Sherlock's body and straight to his brain. Feverishly, he pulled John down to him once more, shortening the leash, and nibbled his earlobe. Licking down John's throat, embracing him tightly, he unwittingly rubbed their nipples together and gasped from the exquisite friction. He was almost sitting now, wrapped around John, John's hand on the small of his back, the other on his hipbone, holding him, keeping him in place to always hit the same intoxicating spot with every thrust.
He seemed surprised at first that John wasn't running around all panicked, as he usually did when he'd just found out that he'd transformed into a weird fluffy cat. But the doctor had been sleeping, and very much wanted to resume this in Sherlock's bed, possibly pressed against the detective's chest. He had the excuse that it was night time and wouldn't have to face things the next day: he could just blame it all on the sleepiness. Sherlock, on the other hand, appeared to be very much awake, and his lingering gaze on him prevented John from relaxing back into sleep.
Walking up to the bar with a conquering step, thrusting out his chest, he went to sit on the stool next to the Adonis and smiled broadly to the barman.
You should have lied to me! If you ever cared about me, you should've lied. But even as he had said those words, Sherlock remembered distinctly the lack of conviction in Victor's gaze.
"Why would he take the time to put up to date the calendar in his kitchen but not the one in his toilet? Why didn't he even take the time to take the coat off his cat? Such a doting owner would know that it'd be uncomfortable wearing it inside."
"Oh. Who did you come for, then? Me?" he asked with a sweet voice, batting his eyelids. "That's so kind of you, but you shouldn't worry."
Sighing dramatically, Sherlock stretched on the couch and was finding the night so lacking in interest he actually considered going to bed. He was pushing the door to his room when he heard a scratch coming from the living-room. He froze and frowned. John wouldn't
"Whewell was clever and focused on scientific investigation alone, not on metaphysics. His theory was that scientific investigation had to start with hypotheses, not observations, because hypotheses tell us where and how to observe. Confronting a hypothesis with the data allows us to determine whether the hypothesis is false or not. This is abduction, or inference to the best explanation."
Sherlock froze. Sensing that things were going to get worse, or perhaps simply wanting to give them a semblance of privacy, John hopped off his arms and ran to hide into the small hall near the front door.
He stroked the sensitive hollow above the collarbone and the dimple behind the ear, sending tingles down his spine, and Sherlock arched his back, chest rising and falling in rapid succession.
But sometimes you're so shattered even nonsense can represent a small flicker of hope in the gnawing emptiness. John had hoped. Irrationally so. For what, exactly? For the flat to be so forsaken and
He lowers his head in despair and rubs his face before dropping the act and adding, a smirk in his voice:
The doctor knew that the lower back was usually a very vulnerable and strained area, and he wasn't surprised that Sherlock's was particularly tight – a perfect way to cut off full sensations. Earnestly, he pressed along the muscle bands evenly, kneading tenderly when he felt a knot or a tensed bulge, relishing in the texture and tightness. He matched the pressures he was inflicting on the highly sensitive nerves to Sherlock's exhalations, which were becoming more ragged by the second, sending shivers through his whole body. Each and every of his jolts and jerks and whines were positively electrifying John.
to say it, not just let it out, because it didn't come naturally. He wasn't one to beg, and if he was always a gentleman, this kind of worship was far beyond his ground. But the thought that Sherlock derived pleasure from his babble was enough to compensate the shame.
Mary lets go of your hand and turns to lie on her back again. She stares at the ceiling as you stare at her.
As you step into the shower, you can't help but listen carefully to see if you can hear him. You can't. Will you hear the door if he opens it?
Sherlock's voice didn't break the silence; it thickened it. John struggled and struggled, but no one noticed, no one was paying any attention to him at all. If a gun hadn't been so obviously pointed against his head, he might have thought himself invisible. Right now though, all he wished was for the hateful man and his minion to disappear. He wouldn't mind exterminating the both of them.
But until  that point, John had just thought that he'd be bonded to Sherlock for  life, as his doctor, colleague, blogger and friend. He didn't think that  prioritizing Sherlock over his girlfriends meant he was gay: it just  meant he cared more about his friend than about any of those women. To  be fair, Sherlock was also more likely to be exposed to danger and risk  his life, which made John's presence by his side all the more necessary.  He didn't think either that the fact he'd sacrifice his life to save  Sherlock pointed to any romantic attachment. Wouldn't best friends, or  brothers by heart, gladly die for each other? It was only natural.
"There is no way I'm doing this in a hospital bed. And we need lube, too. It's not like I go around with a bottle in my bag."
And so they returned to 221B, John deep in thought as to what he should do with Maggie, and Sherlock deep in thought as to what he should do with John. Consequently the cab ride was rather silent.
Gently, he took the shower from Sherlock and moved it over his friend's torso. "Turn around," he murmured, and Sherlock complied. As he felt the warmth spread across his back, he wondered whether this position would make John more comfortable and less self-conscious. Perhaps this was a good time.
"I just wanted to apologize for my behaviour earlier. When you ran into me you dropped your wallet – it was in my books when you gave them back to me, I suppose you didn't notice."
, Sherlock thought, then slapped himself mentally and tried to focus on the conversation. And not on John's lips.
"And why is that?" Sherlock inquired, smirking mentally, but showing a worried, compassionate expression to the sister, who appeared to be very touched by the concern. John stared at his friend, annoyed. Why was he insisting, when he knew perfectly why?
"I'm afraid so, yes. I never asked Jim a lot about... well, anything, really. I didn't care about what he'd done before we met."
was almost enough to get John hard again, but he was more concerned about his friend's mental state. He hugged him, resting his head on his back, and this could have just been a very manly friendly embrace, if his trousers hadn't been at his ankles, and John behind him. Not to mention the now pulsing erection.
Slowly, his arms curl up and he embraces emptiness, burying his face and his tears in a non-existent chest.
"Are you having second thoughts?" He looked like a kid who believed his mum wasn't going to take him to the movies after all. John blinked, chuckled, and typed the sentence again. Sherlock saved the document. The cat stared.
. But it had made him laugh – something that wasn't easily done. Sherlock had never been one to break out laughing freely and openly. He was discreet, of course, but still: seeing John like this gave him a distinct sense of joy and mirth, so simple yet so vibrant. It wasn't the same thrill that cases provided him with, naturally; yet it somehow dispelled the boredom.
John was still stroking Sherlock's hair gently when the detective realized that now he'd probably want to 'talk' – what was there to talk about anyway? Everything had been said already. John had been kidnapped, he was sorry, he
"Thank you for your time, doctor. Sir," he added with a nod to her brother, and turned to leave. But George didn't seem inclined to let him go so easily. He grabbed his arm just as Sherlock was about to pass the door.
Of course, that had nothing to do with the fact that you were completely mesmerized by the warmth and sheer
But John was too absorbed in his confounding thoughts about his flatmate to pay attention. So Sherlock went up to him and nuzzled the palm of his hand, deciding that a bite was unfortunately too risky – he didn't want John to finish the day in hospital. Especially since John wouldn't want to take him along, and he'd just be left all alone – again. Startled out of his musing, John looked at the tiger, and a tender smile lit up his face. Sherlock stared.
He dared not voice it, for he was well aware that it was his own fault if he did not have a case presently. Lestrade was probably still struggling with his, and Mycroft must have been quite determined, because now he had started to
Greg stared, speechless. Only now was he realizing how hard it must have been for the elder Holmes. Greg had thought that Mycroft's first reaction would be to punish him, but now it seemed ridiculous. Why would Mycroft care? It wouldn't bring Sherlock back.
As his climax came to an end, his vision became blurred and he felt all his remaining strength leave him. The blinding light behind his eyelids was replaced by darkness. He didn't even realize he was collapsing until he felt a pair of strong arms catch him and stop his fall. Trembling, gasping and sobbing, he held onto John with desperation, as if he were an anchor.
He starts and opens his eyes abruptly. He blinks and brings a hand to his mouth as if he was about to throw up, then looks around. Searching for something. Not finding it. He seems ill.
Sherlock was thinking. Looking back on his own behaviour, he couldn't quite make sense of the kissing. Even now, from the moment they had come to his room, he had kissed John a number of times, spontaneously, without giving it any meaning. It was just all part of the cuddling process. And cuddling did not make sense. So why should kissing make any?
She couldn't help but smirk while shampooing her hair. That would be a first for the consulting detective now, wouldn't it? Not that she would want him to experience some heart break – she wasn't that petty, and no matter what she told herself, she still loved the eccentric man dearly. But she had realized that just like John couldn't truly have a relationship with anyone else as long as he was with Sherlock, similarly there was no way Sherlock would bother with someone else between them. Moreover, he seemed genuinely content with the doctor alone, and unlike John he didn't care if people thought he was gay or bi or only fancied aliens.
John bristled and before he could even think about it, snarled. It wasn’t clever. But it was instinct.
Fortunately, Sherlock was not as foolish as he sometimes sounded lately. Irene smiled as her eyes fell on the figure of the small, crooked man who was scurrying about the room, paying little attention to her presence and rubbing his white beard nervously.
In the end, you couldn't get anything else out of him. Irritated, you asked him to at least keep an eye on Mary; him, or any of the Irregulars. You want to be informed of anything suspicious that happens around her. And you want to know everything that's going on in the "underworld", too. Shinwell promised. But even now, you don't feel that it's safe for Mary anymore. You would never forgive yourself if anything were to happen to her.
? The situation had just hit a solid 100 on the shitometer. John tuned down the snarling, but couldn’t refrain from crouching defensively, tail wagging. Stupid cat form. Stupid Irene Adler.
One sentence, however, uttered by Sherlock made John want to scream. "I'm sorry I had nothing else to offer but the truth." Said so quietly, so softly John had to prick his ears to hear it. But said nonetheless. This, John would have to make sure Sherlock knew. That truth was not all he had to offer. Far from it.
"I researched you. Before we met I discovered everything that I could to impress you. It's a trick. Just a magic trick."
. Well, maybe. Look, it's just that my mind isn't properly compartmentalised. I tried something but perhaps it didn't work. Maybe I should go back to the palace."
"I said it's fine," he insisted, pressing a kiss to her brow as he walked past her and down the corridor to the room.
He did, however, follow Mycroft's advice. The two brothers were very different in some ways, but their advice being sensible was definitely a common quality. Like that one time when Mycroft simply called to inform him that the policeman who had started working at the Met in April 2012 and who was of German descent was a hitman. From anybody else, Greg would have laughed it off. But naturally, it turned out Big Brother had been right. And so expectedly, he had been right about John Watson as well.
Sherlock had noticed the jumper. His face filled with panic. Abruptly turning back towards the couch, he put his violin in its case, stumbling, not knowing what he was doing anymore. Many thoughts assailed him all at once and he short-circuited. His first reaction had been to run away, but he couldn't because he was still holding his instrument and he had to put it back so it wouldn't be damaged.
would understand. You don't know many people who understood – people in London, civilians. Mycroft does. Sherlock did. You swallow your tea with some difficulty. You miss him. You still miss him so much. It almost surprises you when you think about it.
"Of course not. But you'll catch a cold if you keep wet clothes on. I'm sure you have other pyjamas somewhere."
Sherlock's face remained completely blank as he read the message. His hand did not quiver, and nothing flashed in his gaze. He pocketed the phone again. A few minutes later, however, it vibrated a second time. He picked it, and read the new message.
John frowned and started to feel restless again. There was the warmth and the blissful giddiness that numbed the searing pain of the loss. He no longer had any headache and the nausea was almost bearable – it was all lost in this indescribable drowsiness that blurred time and reason.
It occurred to her that this wasn't very tactful, since she hadn't brought anything for Mrs. Hudson herself. But the landlady did not seem offended in the least, and stepped back so she could come in.
"I don't know whether he planned to make her disappear or if something went wrong and then he just had to – what's certain though is that Elias wasn't very happy and stopped working with him altogether. He probably threatened him with going to the police, but didn't because in the end, he shared the same beliefs, and also because I am quite sure they weren't exactly angels back there in the States. Calhoun surely had some things to hold against Openshaw, if he were to talk."
In this very instant, you hate him like you never have before. Good thing you left the gun at the flat.
Of course, John knows you. He knows how you are when you meet someone. "Nice person" isn't something you deduced from your first meeting with Mary Watson. But then again, you don't exactly want to tell John what you saw this afternoon: a brave but unhappy woman doing her best, loving and natural towards her child and husband, dealing with what life throws at her like it must be dealt with, energetic, positive, but, ultimately, alone: and all the information you have on her, and which you had even before meeting her, only corroborates your observations.
"Sherlock... What's going on?" you ask, and you're almost proud of the way your voice comes out. "Just
Sherlock remained silent and rested his heavy head on his front paws, still looking up at John's face. It was almost... affectionate. John could make no sense of it.
Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners, Arthur Conan Doyle and in their BBC version Steven Moffat, Mark Gatiss, and Stephen Thompson. The original characters and plot are mine. I am in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he considered for a second jumping on his flatmate, snatching the file back and just ignoring the protests and commands. What could John do anyway? He was a
"Fine, quite fine; thank you. I am very glad indeed to see you today. Is there anything I can do for you?"
Not good? - Bit not good, yeah. - If you were dying... If you'd been murdered – in your very last few seconds what would you say? - "Please God let me live." - Use your imagination! - I don't have to.
"This!" He gestures vaguely. "You... I can't... I don't know what I'm doing here. You have a wife. You have a child. You have a proper job at a clinic. You can't live with me anymore. It doesn't make sense. You don't need to live with me anymore. There's no point in me staying."
him. Sherlock had wanted nothing but to hurl the whole set in his brother's face at first, but after a few days, he'd started experimenting. He'd never stopped.
Sherlock had been standing there with John for 3 minutes before he had finally let go of the manul and watched him cross the road and disappear under the hedge – 1.05 minutes now – which meant that for an entire minute Sherlock had to wonder why he was still holding John in his arms instead of telling him to go and get on with
John's curt reply brought Sherlock back down to earth, and he abruptly fell silent. John arched an eyebrow.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, smiling. Funny that relaxed John meant sulking John. It was cute, somehow.
The first thing he notices is the skull grinning at him. He grins back foolishly. The smiley on the wall is still there, and John wonders why Mrs. Hudson hasn't fixed that.
Sherlock couldn't quite believe his brother had truly come to see him. It would have been hilarious in any other situation. Mycroft Holmes, the one and only, the
indirectly. But he had to deal with the guilt and the pain and the unacceptable loss, too. You two should talk."
The words "naked" and "erection" in Sherlock's mouth just sounded wrong. John's eyes snapped open. Sherlock was fully clothed, looking as pristine as ever. Obviously he had been awake for a little while. He did not seem flushed in the slightest, simply giving John a pointed look. John closed his eyes again.
He stopped mid-sentence as he saw his friend hold up his hand, requesting that he keep quiet. Sherlock was frowning, a glare threatening to fill his eyes, which had turned to slits. John tilted his head to the side, confused. But when Sherlock finally pushed the door open, and they saw a tall man with an umbrella by his side leisurely reading a newspaper in their living-room, he understood and groaned.
He'd  been fascinated by Sherlock from day one – dazzled would be a more  appropriate term. Sherlock was stunning – not beautiful in any way, with  his lanky body, his cadaverous white skin and his eerie blue eyes – but  undoubtedly mesmerizing. And, John had soon found out, addictive too.  Sherlock had been exactly what he needed upon his return from  Afghanistan. He'd been exactly what he always needed, and if they'd met  any sooner, John would've probably not left to war at all. In fact, he  wanted to never leave again.
. It didn't cross his mind that perhaps this was the very reason he wanted to run away in the first place.
"He kidnapped me when I first met his junkie brother. Or perhaps a week later. I suppose he did the same with you – I mean, you actually
"He told me everything about Irene Adler, except what your relationship with her had been like, exactly.
I trust you to be discreet about this. Your brother needs me. You wouldn't want anything bad to happen to me."
Sherlock squirmed, then scoffed – and the contrast in attitude was just so comical John had a hard time not to laugh.
. It had been crazy and he had known it. But he couldn't stop the panic attack. He had sensed his pulse quicken, his arms trembling, and yet he had kept scanning the room with burning eyes, looking, truly looking, for the very first time. Observing. And seeing every little detail that screamed Sherlock's absence.
Maybe some music will help her relax and get a grip. There was that song she heard at Mrs. Hudson's the other day, something from an opera. What was it called again? She frowns as she tries to remember. Something about the moon. Something...
Sherlock smiled almost proudly, enjoying how they could be on the same wavelength sometimes and understand each other perfectly without a word. He was training John well.
"Look." You grab his hand with your non-sticky one and bring it to your groin. You feel sleepy. So very sleepy. "You can touch me if you want. But you took care of me. I only wanted to take care of that for you, too. I'm sorry if you didn't like it."
Quickly he averts his gaze, and looks at Seb. He is wounded, but not dying. Obviously, John is a better shot than him. The cabbie could not have survived, but this is not a deadly injury.
"Oh you must be one of the guests! I'm Maria, pleasure to meet you," she said as she finished dressing her salad.
It wasn't. It really wasn't. But once a person was dead, everything about them seemed to have a lot more importance than when they were alive.
While John was leaving 221B in a frenzy, Sherlock was already buying a ticket at Victoria Station and catching a train bound for Horsham.
John, who had been staring gloomily at the screen of his mobile, started a little and looked up to see one of the nurses standing in the doorway.
"No sane person will ever agree to marry you without going out with you first and getting to know you."
"Oh, all right. But you can't go into the living-room – no, that's definite. I don't want to have to find some crazy excuse for your presence if anyone were to come up."
Except it wasn't. In fact, he really did not want to leave Baker Street. He was happy there, happier than anywhere else. He didn't feel like moving out and leaving Sherlock – at all. And their regular transformations were just another incentive. Now he almost had an excuse to stay with Sherlock forever.
. John was dazzled by Sherlock's presence, and he craved it. He'd drop everything, job, girlfriend, to rush to his side even if most of the time, it was just to send a stupid text, all because he thought, it seemed, that maybe the one time he wouldn't go he'd regret it his whole life. And also, even if he probably wouldn't admit it, because he enjoyed being with Sherlock much more than anything, Harry mused, a smirk on her lips.
John puts his hand on your arm, and so half of his fingers leave your field of vision. The rest of them completely slackens on the sheets.
"John," Victor started again, "I think we left on the wrong foot, you and I. Let me buy you dinner tonight, and we can get to know each better."
"...Right." He did not make any other comment, and soon his gaze was lost out of the window again. John repressed a sigh, and walked out, sliding the door behind him morosely. Better get out now than blurt out something stupid while he was in there with Sherlock, he thought decidedly as he marched away.
And there are these red apples too... Red apples everywhere... Hydrogen cyanide... Potassium cyanide... She could've died... John could've died... Who-
Soon John felt his throat burn and his lungs scream for air, but simultaneously the heat pooling between his legs was driving him to distraction. He let out a hiss and he couldn't believe how erotic it sounded even to his own ears.
Sherlock can feel the tension increase in the room and wishes Moran could be quicker about this. But things have to be done properly. This has to be the end. Still, it's torture that John has to be there, standing so close. He could almost touch him...
! He's playing with our minds. I didn't want you because you were being humiliated and shred to pieces. I wanted you because you were gorgeous and I've always wanted you, from day one – don't tell me you had no clue, I wouldn't believe you. You must have understood even before I did. It's not like I was very subtle about it when we met either. Even if it took a madman messing with you to make me admit it..."
"Hi, Sherlock!" Seb exclaims as if the consulting detective's presence was the most natural thing in the world – as if he'd been expecting it. "For a second I thought you wouldn't make it in time..."
genius. Harry was well-informed about homosexuality and dependence: her brother wasn't gay, he was addicted.
That's a rather long story... But you've got the evening after all, and isn't the place nice? So you tell her everything from day one.
If John had not been so tightly bound, he would have killed this man with his bare hands. He didn't give a damn about the gun that was being held against his head. Even with a bullet in his brain he was dead certain that he would have ripped the man limb by limb, so intense was the loathing he felt burning him from the inside in this instant.
The next moment he was licking tentatively the very sensitive skin under his ear, and John moaned. This seemed to be a good enough encouragement for Sherlock, who nibbled the lobe merrily. From then onwards he seemed much more at ease, smothering the exposed throat with nips, licks and kisses, sending shivers throughout John's body, electrifying his skin. He was quick and precise and John was feeling positively besieged and couldn't help but squirm and moan under the attack. Sherlock's ministrations were so uncommon that they were
You're not late after all when you finally make it to the school. Parents and kids are everywhere, and you catch yourself wondering what it feels like to go to pick up your child at school.
"But he's in love with someone else! He's trying, all right, but doesn't it make the situation even harder on you? If that's how you feel – if what you've just told me is how you feel – you were right to tell him you wanted to divorce."
interested in the manul, and in finding out how it got there in the first place. Finally, something to distract him when his selfish flatmate was leaving him to his boredom! He grinned like a child.
You couldn't grasp the situation because it didn't make sense. None of it. But surprisingly enough, you couldn't bring yourself to care either – all that mattered was John and that you had to talk to him and make things right again. Scratch that, make him stay: whether it was right for him was none of your concern.
Eliska did not comment on the attempted play on words. "Wait for me in the hall downstairs. I will join you once I have changed clothes."
"But I did get lubricant!" Sherlock protested, pointing at the table where John had put the small bottle.
He clicked his tongue, annoyed. What had he done wrong? Was John really upset about the waking up nude in his arms? He hadn't even been in his arms, he'd fallen off the couch. Sherlock's lips curved up at the memory. John had been so funny and
They still did not look convinced. Sherlock could not understand why it wasn't evident to them that Henry didn't have the profile to be the killer. They were just ignoring everything he pointed out because it didn't fit their nice little theory, but they were
"Yes, indeed! We must go back to London right away to find that man. His testimony will probably be necessary to expose James Oakshott."
She freezes and pales abruptly, but John is too jaded to feel even a twinge of regret. He only takes the opportunity to get a word in edgeways while she's not babbling.
trembling, wasn't he? This was stupid. Closing his eyes, he willed himself to calm down. He knew they should talk. But he really did not feel like having this discussion via laptop. He needed his voice for this. There was no way he could deal with it on a screen.
"I..." She held her phone away and let out a sob. "I think I need to have a drink." She paused, trying to suppress the tremor in her voice. She failed. "We used to be closer, a bit, do you remember when we spent Christmas together at Sherlock's? Well I was prettier then, with that fancy dress that didn't truly fit me and my hair done and all the make-up, it was silly, I was trying so hard to catch his attention..."
Mary doesn't hear the thump of her book as it falls to the floor. She does feel the warm pair of arms wrapping around her and carrying her to bed. The arms are truly holding her, and no one else. The man to whom they belong truly does love her. But he writes about something else. Something about a riddle, something about a ritual... Everything, always about Sherlock.
"You don't want me here then! You don't see me as a friend. I understand, I'll leave, and never come back!"
? Would John seriously need him for thirty years? Right now, Sherlock knew he was what the ex-soldier most needed – someone to take care of, someone to admire, someone who would
"Yes, enough!" cried Sherlock as John's jumper grazed against his nipples and his firm, muscular thigh was pressed against his pounding penis. He meant to say
All in all, she could think of only one possible explanation about John's relationship with Sherlock Holmes. Obviously, John hadn't realized (or hadn't wanted to admit to himself, perhaps) his physical attraction for his flatmate before he was dead. He already acted like the perfect boyfriend with him, or maybe even more like a husband. She frowned and shook her head. No, that didn't sound like it either. What, then? Best friends? Best friends could die for each other without being romantically involved, of course. And obviously John would've died for Sherlock without hesitation. But there was something more. Something best friends don't usually share – or if they do, it still makes them something more:
"I left a note," she replied off-handedly, bringing the cup to her lips again, her eyes never leaving her maid's.
"Hey," John insisted, turning Sherlock's head and resting his brow on his, "Why are you so grumpy about it?"
John smiled and kissed him on the lips, deepening the contact gradually and drowning in the exhilarating warmth of his mouth, the addictive softness. Such deep craving was making him woozy.
In fact, he could. He was a doctor after all, and was familiar with the after effects of rape, whatever the form. The person could either spend hours in the shower trying to cleanse themselves, either refuse to touch their own body, categorically.
John shook his head. "I can't believe you. This... This is too much, Mycroft." He started walking to the door again.
Here we are at last. I must say that after all this time, it is both a relief and a shock to finish this story. I hope you have all enjoyed the journey. Thank you to all reviewers for their interest and support: I am infinitely grateful for the time each of you took to write a review, or reviews. I also wanted to let you know that I will be editing this story quite massively now that it is complete, if only to level up all chapters. It is almost impossible to find a beta reader for such a long project, so if anyone is interested... :) More realistically, if you enjoyed this story, there is a very simple way to help me make it better: tell me five to ten elements that put you off, be it a recurring spelling mistake, some inconsistency in the storyline, or perhaps some passages that confused you. Many of those shortcomings I might be aware of, and already plan on fixing; but maybe you'll point out something that I wouldn't have thought of at all. In any case, all critiques are most welcome and greatly appreciated.  Thank you for following this story to the end! I hope that you enjoy the very last chapter.
There must be a connection between the victims but we can't find it," Lestrade told you when you asked about the Snow White Case. There hadn't been any victims for months now anyway. The police considered there would be no more murders. "Surely there must be a connection."
with the largest keys Sherlock had managed to find online. The keys were colour-coded to teach by character set – it was originally designed for children with vision or motor-skill impairment. Well. John didn't need to know that, did he?
"Because nothing ... nothing in the Bank of England, the Tower of London or Pentonville Prison could possibly match the value of the key that could get you into all three."
And wasn't that the smart thing to do? Of course. Sherlock always did the smart thing to do. But then again there was no reason he should not be satisfied with what
get aroused. Your body responds to mine. I thought you had understood. This was the crux of Moriarty's device to break me – to break
He gasped as he felt the riding crop replace the hand on his stomach and trace his hipbone before striking. Once. Twice. A hundred times.
John still couldn't fathom why Sherlock would ever bother with heroin – he always needed the opposite effect. That's why he'd taken drugs in the first place. And also why he barely ate and slept.
"You're free to get a divorce, though," John insisted, finding the whole affair incomprehensible. A jealous husband did not always lead to murder, for Christ's sake!
The consulting criminal and the sniper looked each other in the eye under the grim streetlight. Sebastian went on:
John wasn't there. Surprised, Sherlock walked quietly up to John's room. The light wasn't on, but the door had been left opened. Sherlock smiled unwittingly and stepped in.
You looked at him in shock at the time. Now you laugh as the scene replays before your eyes. A dream, then.
He sat down. The moment he did, it hit him. Like a train. There was nothing around him, nothing but islands crumbling and images flashing across his field of vision, more and more images, so many, so
John’s eyes widened as he took in Victor, sitting in an armchair on the other side of the room. He looked confused and angry. Sherlock remained unfazed, however, and went to sit across from him.
"I thought I'd been doing that for a while now, John," Sherlock commented breathlessly before he began to suck on John's fingers suggestively. John groaned and tried to take his hand away.
"Me? Not at all. Just paying a visit to my friend the ambassador. But since you're here as well, I just thought I should warn you."
He seemed to be with other people – and an animal, too? Probably a dog. It didn't matter, all that mattered was that you had found him and... Walking up to him, you put a hand on his shoulder, making him turn to you in bewilderment.
The mortified look on the tiger's face was ridiculously funny. Apparently he hadn't realized until now that he
"Well, sorry for not being a genius who can tell the whole past of someone from their tan and wristwatch! I have other interests, you see? Interests that imply an actual interaction with people, and not just analysing them as if they were things."
"Are you all right?" Sherlock asked with a frown. It was a bit cute, how he managed to look more puzzled than worried. John could almost hear Sherlock thinking: so this is how ordinary people wake up; strange.
You should have hugged him so many times. He would have hated it, probably, or would have been too dumbstruck to react anyway. But you wouldn't have cared if he hadn't reciprocated. That's what you tell yourself now anyway. You would've given everything, anything for him; and you wished he had known. Had he? Why didn't he tell you anything? Why were his last words to you blatant lies? He hadn't come to you that night. He hadn't replied anything to your horrible accusations the next day.
"I have no idea what you mean, and I don't want to know," you mumble, sleepiness taking its toll on you once more, John's warmth helping you relax slowly into slumber. His lips in your neck open your eyes with a jolt.
John's legs are wobbling and his head is killing him. Never mind the drinking. How can alcoholics deal with the hang overs? Right, with time they must feel like shit all day long anyway, so it doesn't really matter. But John doesn't need this to feel sick.
"How are yours?" John countered. Sherlock smiled and his nose rubbed against his partner's throat. Not daring to kiss him, John simply nuzzled his curls and wrapped an arm around the pale, bare body that glistened with perspiration. Sherlock stiffened instantly.
The couple was talking in the kitchen. Chris washing the dishes while Harry was pacing back and forth in disquiet – and had been doing so for almost an hour now. Chris had been reading the news online, then cooking, and Harry had kept walking in circles, getting all worked up about how she could ask John to come to their wedding and be her best man.
She falls silent. It isn't really awkward, or at least Mary doesn't feel like it is. But maybe she's wrong, because soon Chris starts the conversation again.
. A little voice in your head tells you that you're not being fair, and it is your own voice. You stifle it.
It had only become a problem when he'd moved in with Sherlock, really. Bill had been the first to mention it on a his blog, and then Harry had made such comments as well, about how infatuated he sounded in his posts about Sherlock. Well. All his posts were about Sherlock anyway. But before he'd met Sherlock, nobody had ever hinted at his possibly repressed homosexual tendencies. Just the thought of it seemed absurd.
As the hot water poured down on him, Sherlock shivered. He had spent the whole night trying to process what had happened – this new confrontation with the consulting criminal, the role of Sebastian, what John had been told – and to draw the consequences. It was devastating.
seconds to be fully alert after a little nap on the kitchen table, he knew something was wrong. And of course, it annoyed him.
John smiled. It was good to see Mike again. He'd been so obsessed with getting away from Sherlock and spending time with Maggie these past few weeks that he hadn't spent one night at the pub with his old friend. Not that they had much to talk about, but it was always nice to have a non-romantic, non-life-threatening night out once in a while.
John doesn't know why he woke up so early in the morning, especially when he hasn't been having nightmares for days now. He lies in bed, and when he understands sleep won't come back because he's no longer tired, he gets up.
John worked on the buckle of his belt and took it off at an agonizingly slow pace, finally holding one end in his left hand and letting the rest of it slide from his coccyx, tracing the buttock line of his jeans and hang between his fairly spread legs. Never stopping his bucking to keep the tempo and the vibration of his legs and torso, adding a movement of his shoulders going up one after the other, he shook his head rhythmically and threw his right arm in the air, then bent abruptly as if he were bowing.
the sudden illumination you got while we were..." He trailed off, stunned and a little miffed at how casually Sherlock was treating the matter. "Why didn't you tell me?"
He snorted. Sherlock, waiting for him? That was preposterous. He was on a case. What case exactly, John had no idea, since apparently the murder in itself was not enough to arouse Sherlock's interest. But it was still the Work, somehow, and for once John was not even remotely part of it. Sherlock hadn't let him.
But suddenly Sherlock could feel the chill and realized that indeed, he had been sweating from the fear and the shame. He couldn't even keep the eye contact any more. Couldn't prevent a blush creeping across his cheeks.
"Because John Openshaw died two days ago and you only decided to see me today, in the afternoon. If you truly needed me you'd have come in the morning because you'd have thought this over during the night, but you didn't. You even came with a
And to balance the firmness of his tone, John took Sherlock's hand in his and squeezed reassuringly. Sherlock squeezed back stiffly and a flash of panic traversed his gaze. He became fidgety.
He was so engrossed in his thoughts that he did not realize at one point that he was in fact walking straight towards the door, until he actually did walk into it and hit his head quite violently on the wooden panel. That was the first thump, and Sherlock didn't hear it, for he was still asleep. John, on the other hand, once he was done cursing and complaining about his own idiocy (in other words, hissing and meowing), thought it was a brilliant idea, and repeated the move several times, hoping to catch Sherlock's attention. It didn't cross his mind that his friend might be asleep, because it was a case day and Sherlock didn't sleep on case days – he barely ever slept, really. John greatly enjoyed the fact that Sherlock, whether in tiger-form or human-form (provided John himself was in manul-form), would sleep like a baby in his arms (or holding him) when they cuddled. As if it actually made the whole sleeping thing interesting to him, and fun enough to bother with.
Sherlock stepped back, tense. His chest was suddenly fluttering with panic. He tried to keep his face in check, and as he couldn't, looked away and pretended to clean up his experiment table (and their kitchen table) a bit.
The stairs creak under your feet as you walk up the steps. The staircase is darker than in 221B. As Sherlock pushes open the door to the flat, you get a strange feeling, the same you got when Mary moved out – a sensation of stiffness in the nape of your nape, the impression that a limb has been removed from your body. It is strange to think of Sherlock living in a flat by himself. Without you.
It didn't cross your mind that this was quite uncharacteristic behaviour on his part. He was whipped again, repeatedly, his body contorting in pain, getting redder and bloodier with each strike. His screams echoed in your ears like the most beautiful music you'd ever heard –
Harry came the following day – three times a week, then. Now John should be more than worried. She said they'd go out for lunch. Of course, her brother didn't feel like it, and told her so.
He went to the window and looked out in the street absent-mindedly. There had to be something. Something he could do for John. The piece of paper with the little dancing men was still lying on the living-room table next to John's laptop. Sherlock knew he'd have to take care of it sooner or later. This wasn't something to give John, but it was necessary to ensure his safety. Sherlock didn't feel like playing with Moriarty at all – he wanted to crush the man. This was a little game his archenemy had set to have his own fun while he "watched him dance". He clenched his fists.
"Then why are you still here?" Cathy asks gravely. "I know you're pregnant and all that, but Jerry or me could've taken care of you. Why are you staying with him when obviously it's only hurting you?"
Sherlock seemed to have nothing to say to that, and simply scoffed his disapproval. Victor opened the door for them and let them in.
John's hands keep stroking your stomach, lower and lower. He uses them to warm you up rather than to fondle you, yet you can't help but feel the caresses.
"But that's what matters, isn't it?" she asks lightly. Her gaze falls on a bouquet of mimosa standing proud on the mantelpiece, next to the grinning skull, which currently seems to be rather grimacing, not appreciating very much the yellow pompoms falling on his head. That is, on him. It is just a head after all. Mary grins back.
"Oh. I see," Hilton replied, stuttering a bit – obviously surprised by the categoric tone with which Sherlock declined the invitation. John frowned.
I wish you much pleasure fucking that bag of bones! Sherlock frowned slightly. Right. There was that issue, too. He stretched carefully, the warmth of the bed distracting. You're asexual and I'm old, John had said, which was one of the most stupid things he had ever uttered in Sherlock's presence. Sherlock played absently with a lock of John's hair. If John's age truly had impacted on his sexual drive negatively, then there wouldn't have been all the girlfriends. Sherlock imagined that his friend would not quite voice it that way, and certainly wouldn't appreciate the cynicism of it, but it could hardly be argued that John's relationships had much weight on an emotional level. John did not fall in love with the women he dated, he found them attractive. Flirting and dating was the socially acceptable way to eventually engage in intercourse with someone.
"Say, Sherlock," Moran began quietly, so quietly it barely felt like he'd just broken the silence that shrouded them. "If you were sure – a hundred per cent certain – that killing me would bring no harm to John, you would do it and leave me to rot in a ditch, wouldn't you? You'd seriously do it."
But his cries only stirred up Sherlock's excitement. John's hoarse voice, his erratic breathing, his hardened nipples, his glazed over eyes... Sherlock wanted more of it all, wanted to devour him with desperation. His hands glided up John's torso possessively, kneading and pinching and stroking to arouse. His touch was far from gentle and his kisses alternated with bites and licks, making John feel like some very appetizing meal.
Look," you begin tentatively. "Why don't we talk about it again when the child is born? You know we can't get a divorce now anyway. It's got to be two years at least."
He was strangling you. You shot him in the left eye. In the open mouth that was screaming right before you. The monster crashed onto the ground at your feet and you stood there, drenched in his blood.
Maggie thanked her, and walked up directly to the second floor, where she knew John's room was. A bright grin on her face, she knocked on the door and pushed it open carefully, popping her head inside. She was surprised to see that the bed hadn't been slept in, and that the room was empty.
"Here," Sherlock said, handing a cup to Seb, who seemed genuinely surprised. Didn't he always? It must have been easy for him.
You press your lips to his and try to mimic what he did. Well. It's definitely just as wet. You're not sure about the softness. Gradually, John relaxes in the embrace and opens up, allowing you to deepen the kiss. When he starts moaning, you know you've succeeded. You break the kiss.
Donovan rolled her eyes. "He might have needed to calm his nerves, then given up and just gone and do it." She glanced at her watch, then at Lestrade. "Sir, we should go. "
I must admit this chapter is a bit hard to follow - but to be fair, it's a Sherlock-centric chapter, so you should have got used to it by now, right? :D Plus, I did my best to update quickly this time. So... happy? :)
"You're  such a selfish bastard!" John abruptly exclaimed. "I can't believe you  went off like this again after what happened at the Pool..."
looked ridiculous. Victor wore grey jeans and a grey T-shirt with liana that had ‘jungle boy’ printed on the back. Thankfully, he was also wearing a jacket — a
Then there was also the fact that he wasn't so sure of himself anymore. What if he went too far? What if he truly hurt Sherlock?
John's eyes snapped open, and he stared back at his – very alive – flatmate. It took him a few seconds to adjust to reality. He sat breathless, his whole body tensed, until he let out a sigh and slumped back into his mattress with a thump.
Well, for one thing John was Sherlock's flatmate and colleague, so the significance he held for Sherlock was clear. 1.40. Then mediocre. Certainly John's intelligence was average, though perhaps slightly more than that, considering his education and training; still, to Sherlock, average. 1.47. But John was exceptional because he could deal with Sherlock like no one else ever could. 1.55. In fact he could
He tenses and closes his eyes, trying to gulp down the bile slowly rising in his throat. He abruptly puts down the glass he was washing and goes to sit at the table, breathing deeply, trying to regulate his pulse. A distraction. He needs a distraction or he'll go mad – that is, if he isn't already. But he can't work yet – the scandal is still too topical, and he'd just encounter the same problem as at the clinic anywhere.
But she was not listening, and John only managed to catch up with her in the staircase. He was still in his pyjama, but fortunately he was fully dressed, unlike Sherlock. Perhaps it would be easier to justify himself, he thought.
As  the scent of the detective hit him like a slap in the face, the doctor  felt himself harden and thought this just couldn't go on.
John mused gloomily. During all these months they had lived together, not once had Sherlock expressed the desire to be involved with John romantically or sexually. Quite the contrary, in fact, and in very clear terms too. And then after the trauma he would have suddenly started to want him? This did not make any sense, or if it did, it could only point to one thing: that John had taken advantage of the situation, even if unwittingly, to save himself from shame as he tried to save Sherlock from it, by making things official between them and act as if all this was normal.
When you enter the room the first thing that hits you is the smell - the same as the one that filled the place on the day before Sherlock died. You close your eyes briefly, trying to collect yourself. You think of Lestrade's eyes, and their emptiness. You think of Mary, of apples; of her obliviousness. You think of Sherlock. And then you walk in.
Sherlock had never hated Moriarty. They just happened to be on different sides (and that was for the best – how dull would it have been otherwise!). It was a game, not a feud. Then there had been the pool incident, and Sherlock's attitude had changed slightly. A little graver, maybe. It had been like a kid's first slap – when they learn a hand can hurt.
A/N: This chapter hasn't been betaed yet, and won't be until my beta is back from vacation... My apology for all remaining mistakes! Hope you enjoy reading, and as always, reviewers are loved :)
, not some house cat one could easily manhandle. Of course, John had his gun. But Sherlock was confident he wouldn't use it on him now that he knew he wasn't just any tiger. However, when he saw the determined look on the ex-soldier's face, he gave up and padded off to his room with a scoff.
After the shirt came the trousers, and again Sherlock let John remove the piece of clothing, obedient but not especially helpful either. Not bratty, but rather princely. Of course, the shoes and socks had to go too, or the trousers would have just been stuck at the ankles, and if that would have made for a cute, funny sight, John doubted Sherlock would have appreciated it very much.
He presses the Send button and keeps running, unawares of Mrs. Hudson standing on the doorstep and watching him from afar.
"I stayed with him at his family home in Norfolk over the summer following our first year as roommates. That is how I met his father."
!" he stammered. Sherlock smiled and kissed his way up to his lover's belly. He located the conception vessel meridian in the middle of John's abdomen, and from there could find all the points intersecting the chong mai meridian.
"Nothing. Nothing is wrong with that. Look." Sherlock took his arm and pulled him along into Paddington Street Gardens, which was obviously where John had been leading him, then dragged him down an alley, and made him sit with him on a bench in the rose garden. It was rather quiet, and except for a woman talking heatedly on the phone on the other side of the garden, and who could certainly not hear them, even if she had been paying any attention to them at all, they were alone.
This is more than Sherlock can take. So he does the only thing he can think of. The only logical thing to do.
when Sherlock Holmes was staying in the same hotel, would she? That would be stupid. Unless she wanted to be caught? Or use this as some kind of test? John’s brain was whirring.
"You don't understand," Harry retorted, wringing her hands nervously, "the way he was at my birthday was extraordinary, we've never..."
"Do you have any idea how hard it was for all of us? Did you even think about what we would go through? About what
"Not enough to make him a murderer," Sherlock replied easily. Then, out of the blue: "He has a cat."
He did, didn't he? Then Sherlock should have an accident first – a concussion, and fake amnesia. Even to John. He'd pretend not to remember anything, and after a week or so throw John out of Baker Street.
With the years, Sherlock had growned accustomed to it. In 221B, he had a room, and even a bed in it. And he used it. Sometimes.
"And John, too," Mike went on, apparently getting more and more embarrassed as the awkward quietness stretched on, and keen to say something. "His wife is lovely. I know they're planning on getting a divorce, but..."
"Why am I even thinking about this?" you mumble as you get under the shower. Sherlock never spent too much time in the bathroom. Just the necessary amount of time to be perfectly clean. Now that you think about it, it's funny that he didn't spend more time in baths, for instance. The way he used to lie sprawled on the sofa could have meant that he liked taking baths. But he didn't. Or at least, he never took any. He would have most likely found it extremely boring – he couldn't stay in the same place for too long, after all. And shooting the tiles would have caused more damage than shooting the wall. You smile.
"Oh they're beautiful!" Seb opens his mouth but she forestalls him. "And don't say 'just like you'," she warns, raising a finger, in teacher mode.
"Yes," John continued, a hint of despair in his voice, but still in a trance and somehow compelled to answer Sherlock's questions.
"So, you shot a few people, of course, since you are a gunman," Chris continued, joining in the game for fun, "and you had lunch with ambassadors... to poison them I presume?"
Another gunshot. Sherlock arched his back, groaning, writhing under the mouth licking and sucking his chest, his stomach, and lower... His scream died in his throat. His body was racked with spasms.
, showed you he had the power to cure you. He made you feel like a man again when you were nothing but a pathetic wreck. You could have never resisted his charms. You were bound to fall for it and you're so glad you did. You never want to forget it.
John cut off the protest by kissing Sherlock on the nose again, which made the detective growl threateningly. The image of a very capricious, regal panther lying on their couch was conjured up in John's mind, and he couldn't help but laugh.
There had been only one name in the entire address book to which no phone number was attached. You put on your best smile and walk up to him.
You just put a twenty pound note where you're suppose to leave the money and run out of the car almost as Sherlock does.
So that was it. Sherlock was not abandoning him. He wanted to bring him along, and so he wished him to turn back into a man as soon as possible. John beamed.
The comment had the effect of a bucket of cold water on John. He swallowed with some difficulty and slowly moved back.
She blinks and turns to the stranger who has just spoken. He's rather tall, blond, with brown eyes. Good looking. He smiles.
. You really should read it first if you want to get what's going on here ;) Hope you enjoy reading, please tell me what you think ! Reviewers are loved :)
The cat rubbed itself against Sherlock's knee, then went into the kitchen. Silently, Sherlock followed.
Suddenly you get the feeling you have to save this man, that it is very important. You kneel down and try to find his wound amidst the blood, but it is a gash. There is no way to save him.
Lestrade and Donovan simply stared. Losing patience, Sherlock clicked his tongue and walked back to the toilet to take the calendar.
and of how John would've reacted in his place, had he found out the truth, or even if he hadn't, and just been there.
He saw Molly's look and added pre-emptively: "I'm not saying it's a good thing! God help me, I miss him. And I'm sure I'm not the only one. London has lost one of its greatest men."
because it was too much. It felt like such a breach in his privacy that he had to remind himself every second that he wanted this, wanted John to stay...
"Speaking of Mycroft," he began tentatively, "if anyone knows something about Sherlock's motives, I thought it'd be you. But since you don't... He'd know, wouldn't he?" He just couldn't muster the courage to tell John himself. He couldn't. How could anyone tell a broken man that his best friend had given his life to save his? Mycroft Holmes could. Probably. Greg just couldn't.
hair, of course) the last time there had been a transformation, but had found nothing peculiar. It was just like any other manul's hair on earth. Except that this manul was host to a human being – in this case, John.
But what he hated even more than the hunch itself was when the rational part of his brain found reasons to support this negative impression; good reasons to confirm his fears. Dark figures looming over Sherlock, for instance. Shadows moving around him.
See?" She shakes her head. "Irretrievable." Her tone is teasing. "I'm too young to have this kind of relationship with my husband, John. If we were in our seventies, maybe. Actually, it'd be perfect then. I would love to grow old with you."
Sod this. Sod this. You stay here if you want, on your own. - Alone is what I have. Alone protects me. - No.
Repressing a sigh, Sherlock let go of John's face and let his hands fall onto his flatmate's shoulders in a friendlier touch.
, John reckoned as he raised his arm and reached towards his friend's face tentatively, before pushing an inky curl back from his porcelain brow. John observed his partner's face closely. Sherlock truly was stunning. Not in a beautiful way, but in a dazzling, mesmerizing manner that John could not quite explain. He always thought it was because of the eyes, eerily blue and most conspicuous against the paleness of his skin, which contrasted with the darkness of his hair.
You hear her laugh down the stairs, and wait until the front door is closed. You like her step. Dynamic. You see she has left tea in the pot for you and smile. It's great the way you both seem to understand each other, share the same references now...
Sherlock just stood there, his face blank. Speechless. He'd met many people who hated him: he was used to antipathy, resentment, spite... But never had he been confronted with such savage loathing.
John took one of the three wood and leather chairs around the table and put it next to the couch, putting his cane down onto the floor next to it. He went to the kitchen and came back with two cuppas which he placed on the small table by his friend's side. Having turned on one of the smaller lights and pulled the curtains, he finally looked at Sherlock and noticed the tension in his body as he was eyeing the chair pointedly.
The consulting criminal burst out laughing at the words, and Moran could tell it wasn't only for the show.
Well, in all likelihood, he would get it tomorrow. Would John be happier then? Certainly he was always more relaxed when Sherlock was in tiger form. That had been the trigger to their mild physical relationship. Before their transformations, Sherlock could not remember John touching him much. He had never hugged him for sure. Never caressed him.
She tries to sound cheerful as she puts the kettle to boil but John hears the undertone of worry. Chris really is a kind person. He can't imagine him and Sherlock accepting to live with Harry after she'd attempted suicide. Okay, so maybe Sherlock isn't a very relevant example, as John can't really imagine him living with anyone but him, but.
"You're still holding my hand, too," Sherlock pointed out. Then he added haughtily: "I don't need anyone to hold my hand."
"Many people assume we are, because he is ridiculously loyal and devoted to me. This just shows what a good man he is: he's my flatmate, friend and doctor, and I am aware sometimes he must feel more like a baby-sitter than anything else."
She kissed him again. Staying alive had been boring for Jim. What if Sherlock found it boring too, now that he didn't have any cases, and didn't have any people to protect? What if...
"Helena was a hitwoman," Sherlock deadpanned as he looked behind the calendar with cat pictures. John rolled his eyes.
Jim Moriarty. Sebastian had thought his commissioning a sniper a fine way to repay whatever debt he had, but had made no comment. The client knew Jim Moriarty, knew what he looked like and even where he was most likely to be found. That was all Sebastian needed to know.
But John could elicit a wide range of responses and not often did Sherlock felt like antagonizing him, if ever. In any case, he had got better at this living-together sociability. He had not put a head in the fridge again, because he had sensed John's slight (although completely unjustified) unease and disgust the first time. Then again, John used the refrigerator for personal nutritional purposes, unlike Sherlock who treated it as an instrument of science. It was to be noted that the consulting detective had been very understanding and had progressively allowed the doctor to use his laboratory as a kitchen, all for the sake of peaceful communal life.
Sherlock was looking everywhere but at John, whose eyes widened as he understood what was going on with a pang of guilt.
"So were you into women before you met your husband, or have you just decided to explore the other side?"
The taller man took a deep breath and ran a hand through his hair; his curls were wet with sweat. Sherlock tried not to retch.
"I use my eyes too!" he whined. Then in a lower, almost playful voice, laced with the subtlest threat and a tinge of cruelty: "I spotted you after all."
And something must have been wrong with you – possibly Molly's coffee, you never know what she could have mistaken for the sugar in a mortuary – because you actually let John catch your interest, and you thought:
John realized this meant that he had dropped the gun. He leant into the embrace and let out a sigh of relief and exhaustion. But soon the piece was going to end. He had to do something. Rolling his hips softly, he encouraged Sherlock to follow the move and draw small circles with him. He felt the detective stiffen at first, about to draw back, but he entwined his fingers with his and held on to him with a silent plea. The
Her voice, more than her gesture, stops Sherlock dead in his tracks, and compels him to comply. He swallows.
John's answer had been limpid. Yet the consulting detective wasn't entirely convinced. His flatmate had kissed him first. And the second time, he had displayed indubitable signs of arousal.
Wrapped in John's arms, he cried from rage and was let him rock their two bodies soothingly, as if cradling a child to sleep, kissing away the tears, smothering his whole face, neck, back and torso, never letting go of his left hand, his right arm around his waist.
That, he could erase from his hard-drive. He decided he should process methodically. First of all, expunge all the warmth and fluttering feeling associated with the concept of 'friend' since he met John. The word hadn't had such a resonance before the ex-soldier entered his life. Just like John had woven several layers of meanings within very simple words, such as 'milk', 'friend', 'gun', 'blog', and even 'twat' or 'prick', adding unnecessary colours to the fabric of Sherlock's everyday life, Sherlock could un-weave it all. He could unravel the colours, separate all concepts from the sentimental package that was attached to them, until the links came loose and a new energy, a restored dynamism could flow and thrive on the ruins of the old fossilized structure.
"Look at me," he repeats, his voice shaking as well. You breathe in. Your fists clench and unclench. Slowly, your eyes move down. To his lips. His chin. His neck. His collarbone. His chest. His stomach. His hipbone. His hands. His thighs. His knees. His shins. His ankles. His toes.
, the tiger conceded. Then he turned his gaze to John and waited. When John didn't seem to get the message, he glanced at the phone, and blinked. John looked at the phone, then at Sherlock. Finally, he asked:
The air became so heavy in the car that Sherlock thought he would suffocate. He did not, however, and keeping his eyes on the darkness of the countryside passing by out of the window, simply uttered one word, which he knew would make the tension in the air finally crush down on him:
"Liska, Liska... You know how I trust you. I have a better fate for you than that. I have such high hopes for you... You are the only woman in my life, so don't be stupid. Don't ask for more."
"And you," she said, turning to Sherlock again, her gaze filled with rage and disgust. "You're pathetic. You claim to be so clever – a genius, they say! – and you don't even realize your own flatmate is infatuated with you. You're an idiot, and worse than that, you're completely self-deluded. You think you're so smart, so strong, that you need nobody, but in fact you're completely dependent on people! You need people to distract you, people to make you eat, to obey your every order, even to save your bloody life... You're completely worthless."
But the real problem wasn't Mycroft anyway, it was Sebastian. How he had succeeded in making John bring him everywhere he had been to with the consulting detective was something beyond Sherlock's comprehension. Why would anyone want to retrace anything that concerned him? Why would John
The D.I. called John now and then to hear his voice and make sure he was all right. Everything was going well when one day John reported that he and Mary had found poisoned apples in a basket in front of their door. Lestrade received the news like a punch to the face. The 'Snow White' case hadn't been solved, but there hadn't been any victims in months now. This was a terrible turn of events: was it some kind of prank? Or had John's wife really been targeted? Either way, it preoccupied the D.I. to no end.
He  kept laughing when the police arrived to arrest him just a minute  later. Sherlock didn't need to thank John for that: he had known the  moment he sent the address that John would rush to his side, but would  still text Lestrade in the process, so they wouldn't end up killed by a  psychopath just because they'd been unnecessarily reckless...
Victor's confession had made the doctor understand Trevor in a way he had not thought he could prior to their conversation. He could sympathise a little with this man who had been almost as alone as Sherlock. But now, in the calm of this bedroom, John acknowledged a feeling stronger even than anger or understanding: protectiveness. Very carefully, he wrapped his arms around the tiger, and squeezed gently before releasing his hold. He remained, however, in the same position, and silently vowed never to let Sherlock be hurt in such a way again.
Jim, hated him for getting into the picture. All the more so as his detachment was not feigned, his apathy, genuine. It struck her when she first met him: the way he took everything that came his way with plebeian simplicity and easygoing amusement. There was something inhuman in him, something that reminded Eliska of cows watching idly trains go by, stupidly, or even the grass eaten by the cows. Yet he was a man. A man looking at everything around him like the cows looked at the trains or the cat at the strangers down in the street out the window – unconcerned. His blatant disinterest insulted her. She saw his unrefined nonchalance towards Jim as sacrilege, his offhand and jaded mordancy as blaspheme. She hated how laid back he was around Jim, how he took it all for granted. She hated him.
John starts and it is when he meets the impatient cabbie's gaze that he realizes he has been ranting mentally for the whole drive, and has already got there. He really is losing track of time.
He stares at you, lost, struggling against his turmoil. You swallow with difficulty. Your throat is too tight.
His voice was tinged with panic, as if he thought John had done something he was unaware of and which would justify the guilt. John just shook his head, wordless. Sherlock furrowed his brow and leant in until his lips were brushing against John's ear.
They stop at the door of the building, and look each other in the eye. They're both quite angry with the other by now, and know it. They also know that Chris and probably Seb are waiting up there, all happy to see them, not wanting a quarrel that would ruin the evening.
"But this is quicker," Sherlock remarked, unfazed. "The real problem, then, is that you share Mycroft's views – or what you believe to be Mycroft's views."
"We both know you like being in charge and don't get to do it often when you're with me because... well, I like controlling too."
"… Moriarty's little game with the bombs. I told you back then five pips were a code used by the Ku Klux Klan as a warning. Obviously both Calhoun and Openshaw would be familiar with it – I'd even look into their activities back in Texas if I were you, but you've certainly got better things to do. No more harm can be done anyway, all the Openshaws are dead."
Jim's eyes widened in histrionic bewilderment and Sebastian repressed the urge to roll his eyes at the man's theatrics; yet there was tinge of genuine surprise in it.
"Are you cold, Ms. Rose?" the man still lying on the bed, inquired in a religiously respectful tone, rubbing his wrists.
She smiled down at him and went to the kitchen. Newspapers were sprawled on the table, most of them concerning the Snow White Mystery Serial Killer. She had no clue what was going on there, only that it was very likely Sherlock was involved. Really,
self-satisfied: he was a good doctor, a good soldier, and, he believed, a good friend for Sherlock, if for nobody else. Considering his failures in the romantic field since he'd returned from the war, he most likely wasn't a good boyfriend. But his caring so strongly about Sherlock accounted for much on that matter, and if John considered himself to be in a relationship with Sherlock, then he was quite confident that he hadn't been failing that one so far.
"Oh, it doesn't matter to me, dear. I'm sure Sherlock is delighted. Where has he gone off to on Christmas? Don't tell me he's got a case."
The only one, walking past the shadows enveloping the street, and joining the pup in his homely den, which smelt of patches and of cellophane.
John turned to the voice and met Molly's gaze as she walked up to them, smiling, a coffee in hand. John smiled back. At the beginning, it had been difficult to sympathize with Molly, who couldn't even remember his name. But as time passed, John had come to appreciate her. He'd felt bad for her after the whole mess with Jim Moriarty, and even worse Sherlock had been a dick on Christmas Eve. But then he had kissed her on the cheek and John had been too shocked to sympathize. Then Irene Adler had supposedly died and Jeannette dumped him and Sherlock started playing sad romantic music.
"No, I was just there for a few days and I had to help the whole time – not much family on our side."
"Our handwriting expert," Lestrade cut in firmly. He did not even look at Sherlock, and the consulting detective, while hardly appreciating to be thus degraded, kept his mouth shut.
received from a woman but could hardly remember a thing about the ones he dated. You were so spoiled, always so spoiled. Did you ever realize? How much you were loved.
"That you do..." came the mumbled reply as the detective buried his face in the crook of John's shoulder, clutching his back.
But he did not utter the words. It may have sounded like a plea, as if he were asking for sympathy. And Sherlock wanted none.
already. You just won't acknowledge the answer. You're a fool, Sherlock. Such a fool. Jim was right. You can be like everybody else. You don't realize the value of life. You don't realize how fragile, how short it is. You just don't understand how
Your eyes never leave the cab in which Sherlock is sitting. You grab the seat and stop breathing every time you think you might lose it – fortunately the cabbie must have got the message, for you do not need to urge him to go through a red light when needed. Finally, the cab in front of you stops on the side of the road, near a cemetery.
He caresses his way down your shins and wraps his hands around your feet. You wriggle your toes in protest.
You sigh satisfactorily once you've written the last word of this case. You've been working on it for days, after all, and have even taken the trouble to contact Stackhurst yourself in order to get a first-hand account of the events.
There was still something unsettling about the murder, something Sherlock could not completely explain: the bomb. Even if it had been used to make it look like the work of two crazy men, one of which had suicidal tendencies, it just didn't make sense. Blowing up the house was an extreme act of destruction – and yes, both men had seemed to share a fascination with the 'purification' powers of fire, according to their therapist's notes, but it was not enough. The murderer hadn't set the house on fire, he or she had
"...so she might as well teach me how to bake? Why, thank you, John. I'm glad you have such a liberal approach to the role of women at home."
"I am excited!" she asserts, so loudly several other clients turn to you. To be fair, you're quite used to that by now. She doesn't even blush, and doesn't seem embarrassed in the least.
John's breath had caught in his throat, and he moved back to look Sherlock in the eye. His own pupils were trembling, his vision blurred.
Sherlock groaned and gave up on going back to sleep. It wasn't even a good way to rest. But how could he rest anyway? There were still some things to be done. And after that...
He threw himself back up on his legs unexpectedly and spun around, rolling his head and his hips in a coordinated motion. He noticed he was trembling, because he was terrified of not being enough to bring Sherlock back on track, of becoming the cripple who had been the downfall of the most brilliant man he'd ever met. He was disgusted with himself.
You only glance at him, preoccupied with the police coming to get him. To take him away from you. Why didn't you keep your eyes on him then, when it was still time? You should have taken him into your arms.
"What is so interesting about him?" she asked him once. The moment she had said it she knew she had made a mistake. The flash of scorn in Moriarty's eyes, even though it only lasted an instant, cut her more deeply than any of his remarks until then. His subsequent smile made her nauseous.
, a voice whispered in his mind), what he was to Sherlock... Obviously, not much, if he'd give up everything after one little argument which wasn't even serious.
John wanted to hug him tight but his arms were trapped, so he wrapped his legs around Sherlock's waist and pressed him closer, until their noses were almost touching.
Of course you hadn't noticed. How was that even possible? Surely you'd have noticed if you had picked up your wallet with the books. You stare at the man suspiciously.
He turned away again, and when he spoke, Sherlock admired how steady his voice sounded, and how much he managed to hide his vulnerability.
"Good. That's good," John commented in a placating voice, holding Sherlock firmly against the wall with his other hand so he wouldn't fall.
John had asked the previous night. And Sherlock was playing, playing like he'd never heard him play.
Sherlock had stopped gasping when he woke up. However, he still retched. Running a hand through his hair, he let out a shaky sigh.
"I won't sound any less brilliant if I show off tomorrow first thing in the morning. Lestrade and the husband are so clueless they certainly won't find out what's going on any time soon – if ever."
The D.I.'s eyes on him are burning. They are sending daggers, and yet Lestrade seems to be the one hurting.
He doesn't seem very happy about the interruption. John's flushed face does not technically arouse you, but for some reason, it pleases you very much.
With a jerk of the head he threw himself back and spun his body around in a vigorous circular movement, then froze on the spot, right leg slightly stretched to the side, arms wrapped around his torso. For about five seconds he remained still and listened to Sherlock's ragged breath filling the room, echoing his own raspy exhalations. Then he shifted his weight from the left to the right, rolled his hips once and resumed the rhythmic thrusts but not as violently as before – now they only seemed to accompany the undulating movements of the legs as he very slowly started to pull his jumper up his back, inch by inch.
"Hey. It's me," John whispered as he leant in to embrace him, sliding his hands to the front and running them over his torso. "Just relax."
"On the very rare occasions I woke up with what you all call 'morning wood', it just went flaccid with a cold shower and I was done with it!"
while he was in tiger form and they were stuck on a train, hearing footsteps clearly coming towards them. With hindsight, John realized that his friend must have even been quite aware that it was Mycroft coming, hence his growls. Then why the kiss? It was so preposterous, not only as a gesture from
"Have you seen him? He is completely blind. He will not believe a word of what we say, if we accuse his wife."
A small smile lit up Sherlock's face. His eyes were reflecting the fires blazing far on the mountains.
"Can I have two other cups, please?" he asked the bartender. Who turned out to be a barmaid. She smiled.
Moriarty reminded you that you had a body and were neither asexual nor sociopathic enough to completely ignore it. He shocked you into self-consciousness and humiliated you by showing how good
It is when John puts down his glass and disappears from the image again that the ominous feeling Sherlock got the moment he saw the room and the two bottles of wine with just one glass waiting on top of the table is confirmed and leaves him with no doubt. When John comes back with boxes of pills, Sherlock is not surprised. But he feels sick nonetheless.
Her smile is warm; her hug, artless. She does not thank you, and murmurs instead: "You're so selfish, John."
Pressing his forehead to the cold windowpane, Sherlock closed his eyes. When he was little, he remembered, he used to enjoy experimenting with his body. He was a very curious child, always asking questions, always trying out new things. He couldn't remember when or how this approach to the world had stopped. But one day he'd stopped being a child and had become self-conscious – to some extent. More precisely, only where his body was concerned.
When Blake was born, you panicked – even more so than Mary. You waited outside the room because she didn't want you there, and you thought you wouldn't be able to stay away until the end. But you managed and when the nurse came to tell you your son and wife were fine, you cried. Mary had never been so beautiful as she lay there exhausted, holding her baby, your child. You had never felt so lost and so happy at once.
"How can you be alive?" you cut in. Strangely, he seems startled by your question. As if this weren't what he'd expected you to ask.
The roar broke into a wail as the tiger backed off and fell from the bed. John, utterly terrified, stared. A
"Oh that, I am," John murmurs. He closes his eyes and seems to give up, relaxing on the mattress. He looks simply groggy for a moment, then quite upset.
John managed a smile and shook the young woman's hand. She was very pretty, he noticed, though something about her congeniality felt a little forced.
"How could he leave his phone when he didn't even tell me where he was going?" he asked desperately, looking at the beast on the bed.
He left and realized with some surprise that he really was annoyed with his "master". Sherlock was obviously going through hell, now that he remembered
"Mmm... not sure. Let's see." And teasingly, he gave Sherlock a peck on the nose. The taller man growled and bit John's lower lip, making him gasp. He grabbed the leash and pulled John in for a wild, inflamed kiss. His firm grip on the nape of John's neck, his hips bucking slyly against John's erection, his tongue piercing him almost pushed the poor doctor over the edge.
John frowned a little at the choice of words, not liking Sherlock calling himself 'dirty' in any way, even though his meaning was surely just physical in this instance.
The detective almost heard John catching his breath – but he must have imagined that; his partner was gagged after all.
The counter on your blog: still says one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five. -Ooh, no! Christmas is cancelled! - And you've got a photograph of me wearing that hat! - People like the hat. - No they don't.
"I really don't have time for this," he replies curtly, putting the bag down and turning to leave. She puts a hand on his arm.
Sherlock frowns. "You said it was, yesterday." He instantly regrets his words, seeing how ashamed they seem to make John. "Listen, John, I... You don't have to go anywhere."
John nods. "That, and... I think she is assaulted sexually on a regular basis," he finally lets out, clenching his teeth. Mary's eyes widen.
Victor had not moved. Sherlock just stared at him, feeling like his blood had been replaced with ice.
You could feel the dark liquid running down your face and throat. You looked down and watched as the gigantic body thrashed with death throes.
Frozen, she lies in bed a moment, then starts trembling. Scowling at no one, she purses her lips stubbornly.
her husband?! No, surely not. Why would she bother with a cover if… But she was Victor’s mistress. Did she love him? No, she had used him to get to Sherlock.
, and dancing around drunkly, still managed to send them to the floor by aiming at some specific pressure points.
The tiger snapped back from his musings and glanced at the old battered hat still lying on the living-room table. John stood up, mug in hand, and walked towards the hat to see what it was. He chuckled.
He raised his paws to look at them and what was intended as a swearword came out as a squeal. He whined in despair. Sherlock, on the other hand, was enjoying the show greatly. John was so amusingly flustered, his gaze roaming around the room in dramatic despondency, wondering if this was a nightmare.
Casimir sent him an icy look which silenced him effectively. "May I suggest you visit the sauna to quench your sexual urge, White, and come back when you have cooled down?"
"Get out," Sherlock ordered. Mycroft turned towards the door again, and as he left, dropped nonchalantly:
"What I'm saying is that... I loved him, too." Seeing Mycroft's look, he corrected promptly: "Not like that! I just.. cared. I have no right to say it now, but I did. I do." His voice was soft now. The tide was receding. With calm the pain settled in him, weighing him down. It was his burden. "I miss him."
She greeted Sherlock with confusion and he had the distinct impression that she tried to dull the sharpness of her gaze as she took in his appearance. He sat down across from her.
The detective felt a shiver run down his spine, but shook it away and abruptly took the toast from John's hand, biting at it feverishly, devouring it.
so it wouldn't hit the ground, and John nuzzled up to him automatically, aching for the feel of his lover's skin against his, pining for his embrace. Running a hand through his hair, Sherlock obliged without John having to ask for anything out loud, enveloping him with his arms and curls and
"Fine. Thank you," he said in a clipped tone. Then, turning to Sherlock, "Couldn't you have at least taken the sheet?"
"But your reactions, the noises you make, your facial expressions... Those are much more trustworthy.
Never mind, indeed. Everything could wait until tomorrow. For now, all that mattered was the warm figure breathing in his arms.
with him... She resented it. She had known Jim for much longer than Moran had known him. They had history and their bond was deeply rooted in the most fundamental passions of the human soul; surely that accounted for something. She despised the sniper for being so silly as to try to
You had him followed and so knew where he was living now – strangely enough, you hadn't expected him to move out of Baker Street so quickly. In fact, he'd barely moved out at all. He just hadn't gone back, and Harry Watson had come to collect what was strictly necessary – clothes, his laptop, and so on. Not much. It had pained you that he didn't even wish to take anything from 221B as a memento, something to remind him of you. Not that you'd admit it, even to yourself.
"I see. Well, I've been coming here for years, even before I was married. Old habits die hard, and this is my second home, so... What about you? I've never seen you around."
He had given him back his life, and had made it so much better. John couldn't remember ever feeling so alive – so happy. Of course Sherlock was insufferable, bossy, childish, capricious, exciting, charismatic... But God, he was just so
"Well," she says, running her hand through her hair and pulling on her short green skirt, "he's depressed, so be nice to him."
"I had no idea he liked cats so much – he rather struck me as the dog-type. Loving, faithful, self-sacrificing..."
"Right! That's it. I don't really follow the news because it's depressing and I don't really care, but... Sorry, I didn't mean it that way."
It begins with an empty room as well, but this one Sherlock recognizes. It's his. In 221B. John bursts in and freezes. Then he wreaks havoc. At first Sherlock thinks he is looking for something and is perhaps in a hurry, what with the way he is turning the room upside down, but gradually he realizes that John is just having a fit of fury and despair and is wreaking havoc for the sake of wreaking havoc. And suddenly he stops. He looks around at the mess, and laughs. The sound makes Sherlock shiver. Slowly, John starts looking around. As he goes through Sherlock's possessions, he stumbles upon a little bag of white power.
Sherlock squatted down and looked at the cat. John was, undeniably, more pleasing to the eye. And to the touch.
Your new pet turned out to be quite the winning pawn, too – although between us, dear, you didn't put him to full use. Take the Black Lotus. Wouldn't it have been so
"Enough. You've been a good boy, so I'll forgive you. And..." She looked at Eliska pointedly. "...I met your friend. It's been a pleasure." Then to the man again: "You can watch me walk out, if you'd like."
Running to his violin case, he picked up the instrument and held it to his chin. The hand holding his bow trembled slightly, and he had to take a deeper breath. He knew what he wanted to play, knew exactly what piece would feel right in this very moment. But he wasn't sure he could manage to play it. He swallowed. If he didn't succeed, John would still hear him. He'd hear his pitiful attempt, and know that he had failed. The trembling got worse and he closed his eyes.
"That's not what I meant. Was he... how was he with you? He was a great guy with me. With... God, I have to tell Chris. And Harry. How am I going to tell them that?"
Why didn't you tell John? Until the end you only treated us like pawns. You didn't tell me because I cared. You didn't tell me because
"This was never my home," Sherlock interrupts. You freeze, and feel like you're falling. Falling, always further away. Always further away from him. "It was ours," Sherlock goes on, and you start breathing again. "I never lived here alone." Your chest hurts. How can one person ignite so much pain within you without even touching you? This is insane. "But you did. This flat is yours, John." Bullshit.
It felt almost surreal, walking down the corridors with the only woman who had ever got to Sherlock — "the" woman. She led him up some stairs, then down another hallway, and stopped in front of room 413. She opened it with a card and held it open for John.
Sherlock blinks. His eyelids are heavy. Soon he sees nothing. Nothing but a white page. A blank letter. He drowns into it.
Sherlock blinked. "You thought my brother wanted to kill you and you used him as a means to your suicide?" he rephrased, disbelieving. Victor rolled his eyes.
Half an hour later she's sound asleep on the couch and you force her to go to bed, tucking her in. Then you go back to the living-room, readjusting the asphodels on the mantelpiece absentmindedly. Would Sherlock have acted even more spoiled if you had been his lover?
Unwittingly, you reach towards him as well. This is cruel, terribly cruel, and you know it. But John
He looked away, a look of pain on his face. John was getting more perplexed by the second – lost, but admiring his friend's talent for acting.
Sherlock snorted. That was rich, coming from the man who had showed up on his doorstep after fifteen years only to blatantly lie to him.
John let a superior smile spread across his face. Sherlock scowled, but his blush, his panting and his parted lips didn't make it very convincing. To be fair, the position didn't allow for much authority at all. The coat was useless and he was basically naked, pinned to a wall with his legs parted, and it was absolutely impossible to hide his erection – or anything, for that matter.
John blushed. Hard. He was thinking that he was glad to be in cat form at least for this, since his complexion would not give him away, but then he looked up and saw Sherlock's smirk and knew that he was doomed.
"We'll meet at my place in two hours, then!" Mary tells them as she grabs your hand and pulls you away. "We'll take a walk around a bit, and I want to show John the school."
This is more than Sherlock can take. So he does the only thing he can think of. The only logical thing to do.
At least when Moriarty went out of his way to manipulate him, Sherlock could expect logic. But these were normal people. Normal people weren’t logical. Normal people made mistake.
They go back to the flat and Sherlock paces the living-room restlessly. He regrets having thrown his phone out the window. He can't possibly borrow John's to text Mycroft, considering the contents of the message he intends to send.
"OK, well, we'll see about that, it's fine. As for you touching me, I'll probably get annoyed with it at some point, especially if I can't touch you at all... it
Mycroft Holmes had very rarely been impressed in his life. It just wasn't something he was used to feeling – not that he was used to feeling much, mind you. But today D.I. Lestrade had managed to impress him. His attempt in itself had been quite pitiful, of course, and if some people might have considered it to be bravery, Mycroft would only see it as incredible stupidity. But it had nonetheless revealed something about the inspector: that he cared enough about Sherlock to throw away his whole career for him.
Sebastian Moran died. Seb died. Why did he have to be the bad guy? No, scratch that. Why did he have to off himself?
John wasn't sure what point Sherlock was trying to make, so he just hummed against his skin in encouragement. Sherlock swallowed and John, hearing him gulp, couldn't stop himself from kissing his throat.
Well, he had been experimenting on that a few hours before. Since then, though, he'd been only pretending, and had tried to distract himself with the silliest things. He did not dare complain about being bored today, when John was so obviously upset about his break-up. Speaking of which, Sherlock checked the time on his mobile phone discreetly. He had texted Maggie Oakshott one hour ago, inviting her over for dinner. She had told him to leave her alone, and that she'd had enough – but then Sherlock had told her just how depressed John was, and that he, Sherlock, wished to explain everything. He said that John was truly in love with her, and wished to make up, but did not know how. Said this was all a huge misunderstanding. In short, he had told her everything a woman in such a situation wants to hear, and had coaxed her into coming. She should have been arriving any minute.
Sherlock glared as the muscles of his legs tightened and refused to be touched so casually. John felt the gun being pressed to his head. He didn't care. Apparently, Sherlock did. Moriarty's grin widened.
"Mm? Yes, sorry Molly, I was just... Anyway, so you cooked that goose and you found nothing weird in it? No, I mean, something unusual, like a gem or some sort of jewel?"
Her eyes brightly shone, as they always did when she thought of her boys. She tried very hard not to think about it too much. What good would it do anyway? She wished John hadn't cut all ties with her, because he was the only one she could have taken care of. He still lived in London, of that she was certain. Mycroft was probably looking after him, too. But who was looking after Mycroft?
"...But if you ever touch John again, you'll come to regret it. You know me, Mycroft. You do not want me as an enemy."
John found that the taste of sperm was not as bad as he'd thought at first. Because quite frankly, he'd expected it to be awful. Nor did he expect that he would enjoy sucking someone's cock: just the idea of putting a penis into his mouth was enough to make him go green and sick to the stomach. The thought was absurd, but more than that, it disgusted him (although he never had any problem having
hand in yours - you've never been so grateful for the police's stupidity, although you would never have guessed John could be so... short-tempered. He was living with you after all – and like all people who cared about you, he had to be somewhat long-suffering. The whole arrest fuss must have made him irritable even before the police superintendent thought it smart to open his podgy little mouth.
"It's such a pleasure finally meeting you," Elsie said, snapping John out of his thoughts some time later, as they were driving with Mrs. Cubitt through the countryside, which turned out to be a lovely sight indeed. They'd been chatting for half an hour or so, and John was getting more and more amazed at his friend's acting skills. He had also come to the realization that he found Sherlock much more endearing as his usual asocial, careless and clueless self, rather than as the perfect guest and agreeable man he was presently pretending to be. In other words, he preferred him when insufferable and candid, and not so boringly friendly and charming.
Sherlock shrugged. Clearly tired of the conversation, he put his hand on the door handle to leave. Mycroft's face darkened.
"Well, it cost him his life. Just like the others. Joseph Openshaw didn't like James Calhoun, but would never suspect him of murder – not even his wife's, although he must have been aware of his hatred for black people. Calhoun must have met him on Portsdown Hill and pushed him over the chalk-pit. As for John... "
From the bed, John stared, not having a clue what was going on. He couldn't see the link between the situation they were in, and Sherlock's words. At all.
"I'll never understand this," he grumbled. "Why do we have to go to Tokyo first from Singapore? We're going the other way!"
The lack of confidence. Never in his life had he truly faced such an unpleasant feeling. The doubt he'd felt during the case of the Baskerville Hound was entirely different:
So she paddled and she paddled and she paddled, but ne'er a one did she find. So on she went till she came to the Good Folk.
. He still crawled away from the eight-legged monster that must have been at least as big as his cheek. This was stupid. The moment the light was turned off he dashed out from under the bed. He was not scared of spiders. Hell, he'd seen much more horrible ones in Afghanistan. But as a cat that one had still been too big for his comfort. He couldn't possibly swat it properly with
"Just think about it! Just from a footprint he deduces where the kids are? Who could do that? Nobody could, except the one who's put them there!"
"He's got a room in Mary's flat, and when he gets older-" You stop, realizing what you're about to say. Sherlock gives you a look.
"Thank you, Hilton," John said, since Sherlock seemed deep in thought, and unlikely to answer at all. Their host smiled meekly, and went back into the house too. John filled his cup with tea, and Sherlock's with coffee.
As this elicited no reaction from Sherlock, Seb sighed and dragged on his cigarette, watching the blue smoke he was blowing. In the darkness of the room, it seemed white. He fell silent.
"Oh, don't glare like that, it doesn't suit you. Johnny boy and I were just having a little chat, weren't we, John?"
"Furthermore you don't need me for that case. You already have a lead and it's not something that requires my talent."
John noticed the bullet had pierced through the flesh and was not in the wound, which was good news – for the tiger, anyway. It was still bleeding quite abundantly, and as a doctor, John knew he had to stop the hemorrhage before it was too late. A wild tiger probably would recover from this rather easily, but this one had most likely been held in captivity somewhere. Still, John couldn't fathom how it got to his room in the first place. Would he be in trouble if it died? It had been self-defence, though. Anyone with a gun in hand and a tiger jumping on their bed would have fired.
John kissed him again to make up for it, but was pitilessly bitten back. He chuckled, shook his head and stood up.
Is that how he sees you? Half-puppy, half-guarding dog? Your behaviour must have been stifling if he's surprised that you'll let him out of your sight for a second. But then again, he's right.
"Damn..." he muttered. His eyes widened when he saw Ron moving about, setting what looked like breakfast on the only table in the studio. "What the... What the hell are you doing?"
She did not answer immediately. Through the foliage, the light of the moon fell on her blond hair, and in the night it looked white, laced with silver threads. Her skin was so pale it was almost translucent. Under this light she already looked like a ghost, but for her lips. They were painted with the deepest shade of crimson, and in the semi-darkness they seemed made of ruby. Her features were finely and subtly sharpened by her make-up. All in all, she looked as if she were wearing a mask, but one that had merged into her skin and was now endowed with the infinity of expressions a human face can show.
Death is a strange thing. It takes people violently, out of the blue – and even when it isn't so much out of the blue it is violent. Unexpected because unacceptable. You still remember the feeling you had when you learned that Charlie was dead. You remember thinking how horrible it would be if you ever had to hear about Sherlock's death.
. Picking all the crumpled balls, he goes to the kitchen, burns them with the matches he uses for the gas, and throws away the ashes.
"Yes. Which is why this wasn't how I checked she really was dead." Sherlock's voice was cold. Cold as the rain and cold as the grave on which he was sitting. Thoroughly cold.
might be involved,’ Victor said a little short of breath, but Sherlock could hear the grin in his voice. He took a step to the side to dodge the nunchaku and swept inside his opponent’s lead leg, but the other only stumbled. Sherlock scowled.
Since then, you never stopped thinking about it. It has become your obsession – together with Sherlock, of course. It might well be one and the same.
"What were you doing in my bed? I have no idea. How did I sleep? Very well, thank you, though not much."
Christmas has come and now both Mary and Blake are sound asleep. Wearing your new jumper – red – you are sitting alone near the fireplace, writing in your journal. Because you have started writing a journal.
Greg had panicked the first time John had admitted to his feelings for Sherlock so openly, fearing he would start to cry and the situation would become out of control. But John hadn't cried. He'd kept a sad smile on his face for the rest of the evening, and Greg hadn't dared mention girlfriends again.
OK, time to stop this downward spiralling. Remaining trapped in the long, awkward arms, John put enough distance between them to look Sherlock in the eye with resolve.
As he joined his sniper, Jim did nothing to hide how he revelled in the annoyance that filled his traits.
A very deep blush crept up the pale cheeks of the detective, who looked down in shame, trying to hide himself. John came in and closed the door behind him, this time effectively locking it. Sherlock looked up in fright like a trapped animal.
She blinked, then shrugged and started fussing around the kitchen, grimacing at the various remains of Sherlock's experiments.
When John opened his eyes, Angelo was gone, but Sherlock was still staring at him intently. John let out a sigh he hadn't known he was holding.
At this he opened his eyes and smirked slightly as the dawning expression on Sherlock's face was replaced by an imperceptible offended frown. John let his head fall forward gently and rolled it back up in a slow motion, twisting his body accordingly. His hands sneaked back up along his torso to his throat and he buckled the belt around his neck loosely, all the while looking Sherlock in the eye.
In the living-room, he's laughing with Mrs. Hudson. A rather broken laugh, Sherlock grasps fleetingly.
Mr. Archer. At the count of three, shoot Doctor Watson. - What? - I don't have the code. - One. - I don't know the code. - Two. - She didn't tell me. I don't know it! - I'm prepared to believe you any second now. Three. - No, stop!
As for now, he just wants to find a way to release the anger and the stress. He thinks of Chris, and of what she told him. What if she was right? He didn't care who he'd be sleeping with since they wouldn't mean anything. Moreover, men still gave him the impression to be less relationship-obsessed, and more likely to be perfectly fine with a one-night stand. Well aware that it's completely insane, he looks up gay bars on his phone.
"I was just thinking that it'd be funny if Mycroft had left any of his surveillance cameras in the flat."
Sherlock's breath caught as John twiddled his right nipple in a way that was both tender and titillating. Every touch was burning him and they were swaying like flames to the music. They were dancing on tenterhooks.
them; he enjoyed going out, mingling with the crowd. Talking at the bar with strangers. Hanging out in pubs. He genuinely liked it. Yet he genuinely liked shooting people as well.
Thenceforth he sought for someone to tell him his faults, but among those around him he found no one who would tell him of any fault, but heard only his own praise.
What can you say to that? Your hand searches for John's on the bed sheet, and when you find it, you start rubbing your thumb on his palm awkwardly. His smile broadens.
"AND HOW SO? Sherlock isn't dependant on me, he only needs a bit of support now because he's going through a crisis!" John burst out. Then, exasperated: "I'm out of here."
, he noticed the dilated pupils and the quickened pulse. A shy smile graced his lips imperceptibly, and he leant in, pressing his lips to John's, whose eyes widened in surprise. He melted.
"She wanted to off Mary Morstan! Y'know, John's wife… Or perhaps I should've let her? Should I have let her, Sherlock? Do you want her dead? Is that what you want?"
Silence. Cathy is staring at her, observing her. But Mary does not feel threatened under her scrutiny. Cathy is her closest friend, but her gaze can read Mary less easily than some other gazes.
She doesn't escape your arms but leans into the hug and plays with your ear absent-mindedly. "I never thought I could help you get better or anything like that. But I still thought... I don't know, that my being around might help." She pulls at your ear as if annoyed by its lack of response. "But it doesn't. You don't need me."
"What's going on here?" Lestrade asked, startling Mrs. Hudson. She gave him a smooth smile and noticed both men had grazes. Lestrade's coat was slightly burnt. Sherlock had a split eyebrow.
. Just them. John wanted to show Sherlock that he owned his own body and mind, that they were his and his alone, and that he was free to do whatever he wanted with them – that it wasn't wrong or shameful to have a body that didn't boil down to mere
"No. I realize you are so scared of my freedom as a person that you want to train me so I will physically, necessarily be dependent on you."
"No sane person ever will," she concurs, nodding and looking adorable because she is getting quite drunk too, and cannot seem to nod straightly.
the doctor to be here always. It was almost inconceivable to go back to a time when John wasn't part of his life.
Moriarty burst out laughing and gave Sherlock a gleeful spank. Sherlock did not react, but John was sure he had seen him grit his teeth at the touch. The nausea was building inside him, yet seemed to be just another torture, for it wouldn't rise up his throat. It was only teasing him, never actually bursting so he would choke to death. Would they even let him anyway?
"I can't take you to Maggie's sister's place! Hell, I can't even go there myself after the fight we had – because of you, just so you know. Besides, you're still a bloody tiger, in case you've forgotten."
Seb was wearing the same shirt as when they'd quarrelled and he'd left the hotel room ignoring the gun pointed at his back.
Sherlock still didn't answer. Half-annoyed, half-worried, John walked up to him and put a hand on his arm, forcing him to turn towards him gently.
When he opens his eyes in the morning and remembers his thoughts from the previous evening, he feels stupid and disgusted with himself. So disgusted in fact he must run to the bathroom and empty his stomach in the bowl. It's the first time he throws up this month: John thought he was done with it.
"Oh. Mycroft gave it to me. Well. Sort of. He gave it to Mrs. Hudson who gave it to Mary who gave it to me."
"No, no! I was really looking forward to seeing you. Please do come. I'll send you the details by text."
"Serial  killer is a man – in his forties I'd say – he knows all the victims but  not since long, a few days at most. He met them all once, then met with  them again "accidentally", which is when he killed them."
Sherlock's heart missed a beat and suddenly he didn't feel so dizzy anymore. He couldn't help but tense slightly, almost imperceptibly. But John noticed.
Backed into a corner, it had been surprisingly easy to confess everything, even in front of Maggie. Even in front of Sherlock. It had been unquestionable, so evidently the right thing to do; as a selfless act, a profession of love to his male flatmate had been liberating. As the turning point of a radically new state of affairs in their lives, it was devastating.
Because he'd started dreaming, too. Every night. Black dreams filled with guns, a singsong voice and trembling limbs, red dreams filled with knives and teeth and bloodied flesh. White dreams filled with nothing but pain and pleasure, so intense it made him blank out to the next dream and
"Do you keep repeating my name so you remember what patient you're talking to? Just in case you'd have to change the bloody record?"
to him. At first they were irritating (and they still were sometimes), then he'd just got used to it. But now, irritating Sherlock was part of the fun of everyday life. Perhaps because it was reassuring to have him whining and sulking, rather than not saying a word, lost in his own world.
The calm of the night is only broken intermittently by a car passing or when you resume writing on your laptop. Mary's puffs are barely audible and she plays quietly with a mimosa branch she's placed next to the window.
This chapter is dedicated to Anon – without your comment, I wouldn't have taken the time to update today. Thank you for reviewing! :)
Extending an arm, you pull her into a hug and can feel her grumbling against the crook of your neck.
"Oh well, you've only been married for a year, after all! Sorry we couldn't make it to the wedding."
"Yeah, well..." God, how are you going to tell her? Your eyes follow Sherlock who stands up and walks to the window.
"You should rest," he murmurs. His responsibility in this is unquestionable. He remembers the doctor's face as he observed him and his wife and his son from across the street. He looked tired and wounded, but also content and sometimes even happy.
Consequently, John did not truly see Sherlock before he was standing right in front of him – or rather, kneeling down at his feet. Dropping the pretence, John pushed his laptop to the side and looked at his friend.
Focusing on the clouds so as not to think too much on the tightness of his throat, Sherlock murmured:
He sat there, in shock at the realisation. He hadn't asked Sherlock how he felt. He'd just assumed, and kept assuming. Sherlock had told Maggie that he wasn't interested in any kind of romantic relationship, but his little speech had been a string of lies. Then the next day he had told John that his confession was "good", that he had "appreciated" it. John was a manul at the time, and couldn't question him further - except he could have. There was the laptop, and the keyboard Sherlock had purchased specifically for him. After that, there had been many occasions when John could have asked that question, the only question that truly mattered.
These daily excursions have allowed him to learn so much more about the city he thought he knew that it's become almost an addiction. He was all the more thrilled when he thought of taking a look at Sherlock's laptop and could check his internet history or some of his 'research' files he'd never posted on his site – God, he'd sulked so much when John had teased him about those stupid tobacco ashes... When he explored everything Sherlock had left on that laptop, every scrap of paper he'd left lying around the flat, every note in between book pages (and John had started reading the books, too, and was intent on reading them all), he found that there were in fact many traces of where he may have gone, which areas of London he was most familiar with. John talked to Lestrade about it too, and every time they meet the D.I. tells John some more about Sherlock's cases during those five years when John hadn't entered his life. Thanks to all of that, John managed to 'gather data', and tries to retrace his lost friend's steps in the city he loved.
"It does," Sherlock answered sloppily, letting his head roll back. John's hand came to hold it in place.
But suddenly Moriarty was moving towards him, running a hand up his spine, creasing his shirt and pulling it back onto his shoulders. Sherlock couldn't hold back a shiver of revulsion at being handled like a doll, and his heart rate increased with the proximity. He was scared. Scared of what this man was making him do, scared of what he could do to
John just stood in shock, speechless in face of such an unfair attack. Sherlock felt a pang of guilt, but it was to late. Without a word, the doctor turned and left the room, not even slamming the door. Sherlock would've rather he had.
John's palms press a little too much on your chest, and twitch. For a second you wonder if he will pinch you or do something similar, but he doesn't. His hands only cover another zone of your chest, brushing your nipples as they move. You shiver.
"I'm just curious, you must understand," you continue hurriedly, desperate to get the message across. "He was a good friend to me. He truly was."
"Fine. Now that we're here, I suppose we can talk. Maybe we should have done that from the beginning."
Since he couldn't look away in embarrassment, John decided to harden his glare, which only resulted in exciting Sherlock even more.
As if these people recognized him as Sherlock's counterpart only to remind him that, as a counterpart, he could never stand on the same ground.
Mycroft had the very bad idea to put his other hand on Sherlock's other shoulder. That was the last straw. Swiftly and with cold fury, Sherlock grabbed his sleeve at the elbow and his collar with his other hand. Mycroft barely had time to realize what was happening before Sherlock stepped in, pulled, bent, loaded him on his back and threw him. Mycroft's eyes widened. He gasped, stunned, as his little brother pinned him firmly to the ground.
She burst out laughing, almost surprising Mycroft. Almost. Her laugh too was strange – rather low pitch, full, direct. Quite charming. "I bet you're not used to it! People pointing a gun at you. John is full of surprises, isn't he?"
was the part of the concerto John was less familiar with, because he usually fell back to sleep before getting there when he was playing it on his mattress after a nightmare, and also because the score was so much more complicated and frenzied than the other two movements. Swaying more ardently and wriggling his hips wantonly, he tried to keep up the pace. His best option was still to tease the tumultuous musician, though.
As he jumped off the chair and walked up to the door, he became aware that he was never going to be able to open it: the handle was just too high, and... Oh. Something quite crazy just popped up in his mind, but he was desperate enough to try it out. Next to the door was a chest of drawers, from which he could try jumping to fall onto the handle, thus opening the door... A wide grin spread to his fluffy face, and he trotted up to the bed, onto which he managed to jump after three or four failed attempts. Then he succeeded in jumping onto the chest of drawers, but not without smashing into the wall with a pitiful pule first.
Her lips pursed slightly and her face twisted into a regal pout while she still tried to look pleasantly amused – above it all.
He hung up. At least this whole poisoned apple affair was getting somewhere. He truly hoped Sherlock knew what he was doing, and that he was
Because he could feel it. Sherlock's presence. Filling the room, embracing him – his scent on the bed even though Mrs Hudson had removed all sheets, the trace of his fingers on the door handle. Everything was here: except him. John clenched his fists on the bare mattress.
. Stop wallowing in your guilt, Mycroft. Something happened to me and you could do nothing. It completely escaped you and when you realized, it was too late. How frustrating must it be, I wonder?"
He stared at his hands and at his friend's crotch for a moment, pensive. After a while, John wondered what was wrong and looked up at him questioningly.
As he shifted a bit on the bed, he accidentally brushed against the injured leg, eliciting a pitiful groan from his feline flatmate.
As your eyes leave your screen and scan the room pensively, they notice next to the skull on the mantelpiece an incongruously cheerful bouquet of yellow asters in a clean wine bottle – the first one you drank together, and which she insisted you kept. She loves yellow flowers – something you found quite funny since she hates that colour for everything else. But "flowers should be bright and yellow", she claimed, as if the two adjectives were logically linked. She loved sunflowers, mimosa and asphodels the most.
"Oh no! We've always wanted to keep the rooms all to the kids and have them roam freely on the grounds."
... Because he was dying. This hadn't been part of the plan, either, but he could feel the life flow out of his body like sand running out of a shattered hourglass.
Sherlock froze in his arms. He stepped back and pushed him away. The sun had risen and was reflected in thousands of glitter specks on the surface of the river. Sherlock's face was devastated, his skin colourless, his eyes haunted. Shining with tears. He looked like a very small child.
You stare. Her tone is serious. It is most of the time, which is the reason she is not only funny, but comical too.
Here it was again. That voice. It was a little reminiscent of that of the Woman, in a rougher way; still, noticeably playful. Teasing.
They leant in to kiss when they heard John entering the flat and closing the heavy steel door behind him. They jumped. Chris looked Harry in the eyes.
Somewhere in your mind a voice reminds you that people who suffer from night terrors usually lash out at the person they see once they regain their senses. You ignore it and put your hand on his shoulder.
The weight of the scandal had been enormous, but the guilt overpowered it. There had been his superiors and various police officers and journalists and many people, but never those who mattered. Greg was shattered. He couldn't find the strength in himself to go see John. He had no way to reach Mycroft. And all the people he could talk to were stupid, ignorant, self-satisfied, blind. Just being in the Met was making him sick. One day when he was called for questioning or whatever it was they were trying to do with him, he'd lost it. He had completely snapped and insulted each and every police officer he'd met on his path, bellowing in front of all of them how worthless they were, how useless, selfish, petty, insulting all of them along with Anderson and Donovan and himself. That was the last time he'd been called in.
. He's spent the past few months feeling that way, whether in his little rented room or at Chris's. He's been running away from 221B all this time, without realizing it's the only place where he'll ever feel
"Maybe you can tell me about the Openshaw case," John added before turning away to fill the kettle. Sherlock just stared at his back, speechless. "You've got to rest anyway because of your arm. We might as well while away the time like this. And if you've got any past cases you'd like to tell me about... I don't have to post everything on the blog." Sherlock swallowed, fear and hope mingling in his chest, boiling, laced with a trickle of gratefulness. As he stood there, lost in the unfamiliarity of it all, he could hear a melody floating in the room, woven in each and every one of John's movements, his voice, the simplest word or gesture.
The elder Holmes' face darkened. As always, Sherlock had reacted excessively. He'd faked his own death, and he probably didn't have much choice for that matter. But then he'd disappeared from the surface of the earth for months, to the point where even Mycroft wondered if he wasn't truly dead. Retrospectively, of course he'd been doing it on purpose. Sherlock knew Mycroft cared, but he hated the perversion of it all.
Heathrow, he'd said Heathrow. Right, then left, then right again. You never ran so fast in your life. Not when you were a boy late for school and the teacher was the most intimidating person you'd ever met. Not when Harry called to say there had been a terrible accident and your parents... Not when your life depended on it in the war. Not when Mary called and said you had to come and get her to hospital,
"There must be a connection between the victims but we can't find it," he admitted grimly. The police actually considered there would be no more murders, which made it all the more difficult to investigate anything. "Surely there
Sherlock was looking at her as if what she was saying did not make any sense, or as if he weren't truly seeing her. It upset Irene. This kind of gaze on a man's face was almost insulting.
John blinks, thrown off balance. It's been a while since he's been hit on. Hell, it's been a while since
"Oh, so you don't know that?" he said, a cynical grin playing on his lips, his eyes still fixed on the handle.
turn-ons. But the look of utter bliss on John's face, of mirth and marvel, was worth it a thousand times. He looked like a child at Christmas. Or perhaps like a puppy awaiting a treat, Sherlock added mentally. Either way, his whole behaviour made up for the situation, and so Sherlock forgave him how uncomfortable the ground under him and the grass and flowers against his skin were (Sherlock decided he would probably prefer either very rough surfaces, or very smooth and enveloping ones... grass and the earth under it were just sneaky and unpleasant to the touch; very nice to look at, but he would not repeat the experience, except for John).
John's nightmares also involved a good deal of falling, of course. For both Sherlock and himself. He couldn't forget the dream he had had a while before the whole ordeal – he would hardly call it an 'adventure', now – and hated the irony of it. Tragic irony. That should only exist in ancient plays, not in real life. But nothing about Sherlock should have existed in real life.
Dinner went well – Maria had prepared a full three-course meal, and for dessert the most delicious chocolate cake John had ever tasted. Naturally, Sherlock barely ate anything, but for once John could fully understand: even he was tense (and excited) about tonight's events, and he did not want to feel too heavy with food.
John chuckles and moves his hands to your throat gently, not encircling it, but brushing against it and landing on the nape of your neck.
"Sherlock, what the hell is going on?!" you ask as you see with horror that he is putting on his shoes and grabbing his coat. "Sherlock, wait!" But he pushes you back feverishly, opens the door and runs down the stairs.
But Joshua has already scribbled his number down on a piece of paper he conjured up from God knows where, and is handing it to him. For some unknown reason John feels bad about turning him down and takes it.
"Right," John replied coldly, not wanting to deal with the infuriating detective right now. "I'll be waiting in the room until you come back, then?" His tone was acerbic, but Sherlock skipped along and on his way out leant in to kiss him.
A lot of things came back to you while you were going on your little tours with Seb. He seemed very interested in the ones involving Moriarty – and you can't blame him. After all, to an outsider, it all looks more "fun" when there is a big bad villain, an archenemy worthy of the title. Makes things more interesting, more novel-like. Seb asked a lot about "Jim from IT" and wanted to see the lab where the very first meeting had taken place.
"John," he said. The cat raised his head and blinked at him. "What you said yesterday, I think it's... good. I appreciate it."
As expected she had wanted to know more. Mycroft wasn't sure exactly who Moriarty had targeted around Sherlock, but one at least was obvious. Not that Mummy wasn't aware of it – she read the news, too. But that was part of the scandal – the whole flatmate thing. Having a son over thirty solving mysteries and investigating crimes with an ex-army doctor he was living with did not exactly fit her ideas of a successful life. But if that made him happy, after all, why not? She didn't mind. Except for that now he was 'dead',
"Oh, so you finally concluded the divorce then? Of course, that was a while ago, but it wasn't with her you'd gone on holiday that time you joined us on the Baskerville case."
would be positively dreadful? You groaned, trying to block out the leather-clad strippers and dominatrix.
Today was a rather uneventful day in 221 Baker Street. There had been a visit from Detective Inspector Lestrade, who as always needed Sherlock to help him solve a case - a murder, if Mrs. Hudson remembered correctly. Sherlock had left beaming. But that was nothing out of the ordinary, and all in all, today was nothing exceptional. That is, until it went completely wrong.
"Thank you," Victor said so quietly Sherlock almost didn't hear it. "So I... I knew. I also knew what field you worked in, of course. Or I could guess. I have to say, I... After... God, why is this so difficult? Only you make me so... inarticulate."
He still felt like John was putting things in too romantic a way, not focusing enough on the logic, but he guessed that's what "people" were more interested in.
Are you wearing any pants? - No. - OK. At Buckingham Palace, fine. Oh, I'm seriously fighting an impulse to steal an ashtray.
"Well, that wasn't so bad," John says as he closes the door behind him. Sherlock feels the hysteric urge to laugh. Not so bad. He grabs a newspaper and drops into the couch, trying to occupy his mind with something.
Their eyes locked. Tentatively, Sherlock traced the side of John's chest and his hip. "'What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.'"
"No, no!" Sherlock exclaimed in not-his-voice – he hated that voice, an old man's voice, a crooked old man's voice, a cripple's. "That's not why I came." Not that it mattered now. "Just wanted to give you back your wallet." He should have slipped a note in it. No. Useless. John would have needed the shock of seeing him, Sherlock, in order to believe Seb was bad news. "I'll go now." There was nothing else to do.
He started pacing the room feverishly, gradually slowing down his pace, until he had got back a semblance of composure. He checked his pulse, and, satisfied, returned to the bed. He lay down still, on the duvet, not getting in.
It was surprising how little Sherlock had seemed disturbed by John's sudden profession of love – clearly it wasn't something the detective had anticipated in any way, considering he was the one to invite Maggie over for dinner. With a
. He was jubilant. With that simple twitch he knew exactly where Sherlock was standing in the music and what came next.
"He is perfectly fine, I can assure you. He should be back safe and sound in about six or seven hours."
Sherlock retches and rips off the headphones before rushing out of the room. He gets to the toilet just in time to empty his stomach in the basin.
Sherlock's eyes widened but John, from his submissive position, couldn't observe his face. He didn't see it fill with surprise, nor turn into a frown. Sherlock was puzzled, because he wasn't even aroused by the situation. He expected to feel either nothing, or at least a little bit of excitement from the power play. But he didn't.
"I'll give you some friendly piece of advice, Miss Hooper," Mycroft said, walking to the door and thus showing the conversation was over, "Do not worry yourself so much over my little brother. You are a beautiful young woman, and I'm sure you have better things to do than..."
"Nope. She and her fiancée Christiane just wanted to make things official, so they had their wedding there."
John smirked at the memory, glancing at Sherlock; they exchanged a look, eyes sparkling. Then John felt himself grow a little too warm and turned his gaze to the screen as he typed.
I am sorry to be so terrible with updates. I feel especially guilty - and grateful - towards all my reviewers. All I can do is apologize again, thank you for your kind comments, and for your patience. I have good news, though: first, all chapters are planned up to Chapter 21. This means you'll get at least five more chapters pretty quickly. Second, I haven't watched season 3, and do not intend to watch it until I have completed my ongoing stories - namely this one, and Dance is Chemistry. Needless to say that I will endeavour to complete them as soon as possible. Also, please no spoilers in your reviews guys, even if you want to make me pay for the wait ;p
You barely register Sherlock opening his mouth, shutting it, taking a step towards you, then a step back.
But was that really all? John wasn't so young anymore. He might want to marry and build a family, and not spend his life stuck with a mad detective who almost had them blown up every once in a while. Sherlock pouted. Would his wife then see him in manul form too? What would she do? Would they
Moran glanced at you with surprise, startled by how similar your tone was to Jim Moriarty's – the little nickname, too. He shrugged.
"Because of the manul?" he asked in the tone of a man used to being baffled by Sherlock's behaviour, and somehow accepting it.
That was it. Sherlock couldn't take any more of John's obliviousness. Gingerly, he got up, and teetered to the door.
All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners, Arthur Conan Doyle and in their BBC version Stephen Moffat, Mark Gatiss, and Stephen Thompson. The original characters and plot are mine. I am in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.
"Mycroft had something delivered for you," she says, still wiping the tears off her face with a handkerchief. Sherlock frowns as she hands a bag to him. DVDs?
"And will you please stop looking at me like I'm an idiot? It's insulting enough when you're a man, but when you're a
Sherlock gives you a sideways look, but doesn't make any comment. "The moment you entered the picture everything was different," he continues. "Hence the bombs. Hence the Game."
"No, not at all! And you brought those delicious pastries from that bakery. Dear, you have to stop that, or we'll both get fat."
Mycroft let go of him. The memorial was silent under the pink orange glow of the rising sun. The statue was standing dark against the sheer white of the monument – a sheer white filling gradually with the salmon tinges of the sunlight. It was calm and beautiful. Sherlock shivered.
"Brad said that he had found out his wife hadn't let go of things from the past, things they had decided to leave behind. He felt it was a betrayal on her part, and put into jeopardy the life they had built here, together, away from the United States."
He knew his words were harsh, and considering his current position, could be construed in a terrible way; but that was precisely the point. He had to make Sherlock run away from here before Moriarty could do anything to him.
"I could tell. I... Maybe I don't truly know her, but I know her better than she thinks. I... I could tell she knew you when I first mentioned you. She is a wonderful actress, and I actually admire that about her. But I can recognise old love anywhere, most of all in a woman's eyes."
Molly felt a little awkward as she kissed her boyfriend back, and she couldn't say why. Something with the sofa... She blushed.
"Then do you still love her?" she asks, her tone almost accusatory. You sigh. There is no easy way to do this.
Her laughter crackles in the night like a crystal clear fire, frank and daringly musical. You kiss her again, barely a peck this time, but joyous and dynamic, and you're already looking forward to seeing her tomorrow.
John froze, realizing what he was doing, and just stood there petrified. It only made him look sillier, considering his position
The detective kissed his way back to the jam-coated arm, mouthing the shoulder, nibbling the elbow and suckling at the wrist where John's pulse was hammering. Still pressing his knee to his partner's now throbbing hard-on, he lapped and licked the inner arm where the skin was most sensitive, lacing his fingers with John's and keeping him securely pinned onto the bed.
, and Sherlock realized he could indeed look quite intimidating. In fact, he was more likely to beat John in a fight in this form than in his human body – well, maybe not, because John was stupid after all. But still. He held back a smirk at the thought. Actually, John had been
a murder, so there is a murderer; and V the victim, Brad Campbell. On the day before the murder, the police receives a letter indicating that V has contacted A and asked A to kill V in a certain manner, described in the letter. On the day of the murder, the police indeed finds V dead, having been killed as described in the letter. Consequently the police concludes that A = M - the person who wrote the letter is the killer.
"And I'm fine letting Sherlock be the love of his life. Though I don't have much of a say in it anyway."
It will end as it began. They had already gone to the Pool. Nothing had happened. Sherlock had been there, during the day, and also during the night when they went back. Nothing. Nothing at all.
John smiles and stretches before rubbing his eyes. So people really do that. Rub their eyes upon waking. Sherlock blinks, then looks away.
get the glares! You'll never go to Tesco at the rush hour again. This is crazy. People are crazy. Why are they looking at you as if
He tensed as he felt the two palms spread oil generously on his neck and shoulder blades, gliding down his arms, stroking and palpating gently.
Maybe this was the right time for this. John was exhausted but he felt like something had to be said.
"Forget  it," the doctor interrupted, suddenly aware people had been staring –  mostly, Lestrade and Sergeant Donovan. "Let's go home. We need to talk."
This time something seemed to snap in the detective's eyes and John recognized the irritation and virulence and sheer terror he had witnessed once on Dartmoor.
"You don't?" She cannot quite believe her ears. Sherlock Holmes, not knowing something and admitting it aloud?
So she helped out, like all those people who owe me and revere me must help me out whenever I ask, or I'll destroy them; the strongest dots in my network. They're on the smart side, I'd say, but still... Compared to you, they're all so
Mycroft never dreamed. But lately he had some useless thoughts that crowded his mind unnecessarily. He knew it was due to the fear. The fear that Sherlock would not come back, after all.
"It's not gloomy!" Harry exclaims, raising her hands in dramatic despair. "Mary Wilson is a wonderful woman! You shouldn't just judge her because she is working in a bakery. She's a friend of your sister, you meet her over dessert at dinner..."
You open your mouth to tell him he's got it wrong, that there is no reason Sherlock would hold a grudge against him, because he jumped for him, too, but Sherlock beats you to it.
Within a month, Jim Moriarty had taken in her life the place of Mephistopheles in Doctor Faustus': except that Jim was not her slave, and would not wait until the afterlife to get his price.
Sherlock was getting rather irritated with his flatmate's attitude, and thought it couldn't get worse anyway. And so as always when he was aggravated, he became vicious, and effectively did make the situation worse.
Mycroft put his empty glass of brandy back on the table of his large, empty living-room. Everybody, indeed. Well, not exactly everybody. Some clients had stood up for him. And then of course, there was...
in the end, but there was no denying that he'd sent him away in order to meet up with his nemesis alone and have a little private chat.
Sherlock nodded gleefully, a sparkle in his eyes, and it made John so happy he forgot to be offended.
Discarding the clothes he was holding, John fell to his knees and grabbed his friend's shoulders, forcing him to look up at him.
"Do not worry, Ms. Oakshott. It is just that you said he brought the goose to your sister, correct?"
He ran his fingers through his hair, then down his neck, his chest, his hips, around his lower back, shivering under a phantom lover's hands.
to elicit a gasp from the detective who clutched onto his back, now using his nails to engrave the concerto on his skin. John groaned.
John was positively amazed by his flatmate's unexpected skills. But again, it was Sherlock : the devious bastard was probably gifted in everything he did.
, is all you can think, with striking clarity. Every inch of his skin feels like a punch in the face.
That was harsh. If not downright horrible. Again, he groaned. No wonder he couldn't sustain a relationship with anyone if his standards for a good partner were
"Right. Lovely," John comments as he turns on his laptop. "What are you even trying to make? Socks?"
though, you willed yourself to stop right away. You had become very talented at controlling your breathing, and the mechanism was now set in place. It was the sobbing and the consequent lack of air that had woken you up this time, and you cursed the stupid nightmares that still managed to have a toll on your brain and body.
"But you know, I think they've got a pretty funny sense of humour, those IOU folks," Seb commented. Sherlock did not reply. "I mean, O-Bon? And the Daimonji to boot? The moment when the spirits of the dead go back to their own wor–"
Eventually, he fell asleep, but when he awoke with a start for no apparent reason, he could not tell exactly at what point he had fallen into slumber. He blinked, not quite remembering where he was. He could see a bed and a door and-
"My wife! First you wrote all this nonsense about a string of lovers on your stupid blog and I did not even know someone was defaming my wife on the web! Oh, but I couldn't believe it was her, and it was all so childish on your part that I thought I'd just let you off with your little cases told like bloody adventures when my wife had just been murdered. But then that bloody detective of yours is proved to be a fake and kills himself, and I wonder: how could that blogger of his not be in the know? You planned the murder of my wife and you-"
Sherlock's brow clouded and he clenched his fist unwittingly. There was nothing he could do about it. He needed Sebastian to do something, and he himself had something else to do, so he couldn't keep an eye on him. But this was the last time. Or almost. It was nearly over anyway. Soon, he would be done with this. The end was approaching.
Mycroft's eyes grew slightly wider and he marvelled at her insight. Then he smiled, because he should never have expected anything less of the dear woman. She was the only one who managed to give him lessons in humility unwittingly.
Once he's washed up a bit, John undresses and slips into his pyjama. He's kept Sherlock's hideous blue nightgown, but never puts it on – Sherlock looked silly and sexy in it, but John knows he'd only look ridiculous, a bit like Disney's Dopey in Snow White. He smirks.
"He wouldn't have thrown a man out the window. Well, if you had been the one manhandled by him, perhaps. He did punch the Chief Superintendant just because he was badmouthing you after all."
with their hosts – seriously, even talking about the weather? He shook his head, a smile spreading across his face, and sat as well, next to Sherlock.
This of course snapped Sherlock out of his little act and he finally looked up at the sniper, who chose this very moment to turn away and take his jacket.
Sherlock screamed and convulsed under John's caress, hyperventilating, and shut his eyes tightly. He was terrified.
"OK. So where do we go?" Sherlock finally asked. He was used to being bored at the flat. But outside? He couldn't possibly start shooting walls there.
Mycroft shook his head. "I'm afraid Dr. Watson is nowhere near capable of such a task at the present."
"I'll wait for you by the door then," Sherlock says softly. He closes the door behind him. You let out a sigh and take deep, regular breaths before stopping the water and stepping out of the shower, wrapping yourself in a towel, drying yourself quickly, then putting on you bathrobe. You make sure the bathtub is clean before running the water to make a bath. And then, you open the door.
She stared, stunned and speechless for less than a second. Now she understood where the sense of unease came from.
"What?" Sherlock said, the meaning of John's words already dawning on him. He swallowed with some difficulty, trying to dispel the unease.
Sherlock snorted. Not much of a plan. 1.10. But it was good enough. 1.12. It involved John participating actively in this investigation and, hopefully, would contribute to making him feel less insignificant and mediocre, two things he clearly was not, even according to Sherlock's standards. Perhaps particularly according to Sherlock's standards. 1.30. He stopped to think about this. What made John
"I don't want to go to China now, because you've seen me anyway." Sherlock tries to go for the casual tone. But John must know there is too much at stake. Nothing is casual about this. "You know that I'm alive. There is no reason for me not to be in London anymore."
Moran was often away from him on missions – but that meant he also had the freedom to go wherever he wanted in between their encounters. Sherlock frowned. He couldn't have the man killed, because he was a necessary tool, but his hidden agenda clearly represented a threat. It shouldn't have been so complicated – Moran was no genius after all – but it seemed Moriarty had planned many things ahead, and in his new pet's moves on his mental chess board, Sherlock was seeing the shadow of his dead nemesis.
"A shot to the arm is much better, actually. Not as serious," the ex-soldier commented simply, apparently intent on not losing his composure and snapping at the idiotic detective. "But please stop giggling. You'll lose more blood if you wriggle. Doesn't it hurt more when you do?"
"I think it's funny," he went on, with the voice he knew irritated Sherlock. Not quite like Moriarty's, but just singsong enough to be reminiscent of it. "I definitely think it's funny that he was closer to the truth at the very beginning, hoping, almost begging your grave that you performed a miracle... Now he's got no hope. It's actually been a while since he stopped hoping."
But such a job implied a lot of stress too, which made some means to relieve it necessary. Yngvar presently needed such means very much, and so he'd decided to go to the usual place. Namely, a bar. Nothing fancy, nothing bad either of course – just a nice bar in a rather infamous neighborhood, where many people went to... meet, just meet, and talk. Yngvar liked making new friends.
He hadn't been very coherent about all this. He just didn't bother to think it through because he didn't think it would last anyway and he just wanted to enjoy the feeling of not being completely alone and left aside. Until he had realized that being alone was his only protection. Not in the sense that by refusing to indulge in any kind of relationships he'd avoid getting hurt or being manipulated, but in the sense that getting away was the only way to protect those he loved. How ironically tragic. Hadn't Moriarty warned him, though? That they both knew he had a heart. That he'd burn it.
John seethed. The tiger frowned and couldn't think of anything better to do to wipe away the scowl on the manul's puffed up face than to lap it up. John shrieked and jumped back, falling off the tiger into the water flowing across the floor. He mewled pitifully. Sherlock chuckled and picked up the poor cat by the scruff of his neck, like a mother picking up her kitten. He carried him to the bathroom where he wrapped him up in a dry towel. John squealed and struggled at first, but once he was surrounded by the softness and warmth of the towel, he stopped complaining and Sherlock even thought he heard a quiet purr.
"Well that's a bit vague, isn't? How broken is he? Is he very traumatized?" Moriarty pressed on, a childlike glimmer in his eyes, just like a kid trying to get out of his parents what they got him for Christmas. It made John feel sick in the stomach.
That isn't exactly true – John did kill someone that day, but certainly not Jennifer Wilson. However the man's anger was contagious and the fact that they were already fighting like cat and dog didn't help either.
"No!" he cried with something akin to terror in his voice. "I didn't... you're not... I want this. Please."
At the beginning of September, he had wanted to buy the flat where Sherlock had last lived – claiming it was all on Sherlock's will: buy 221B, and give it to John, just like everything else he'd ever owned. That sounded a bit odd to her: even if Sherlock was quite attached to the doctor indeed, he wasn't one to write a will in the first place. So she had asked to see it. Mycroft had smiled, thinly at first, then almost fondly. Almost, because of the tinge of sadness. She had been right, of course. There never was a will. He made it up because he wanted to help John financially, and as for that, he was adamant that this was what Sherlock would have wanted too.
"What the fuck!" the cabbie shouts from inside the car. So loud, car windows are open, his voice resonates in your head, feels like the whole street must have heard him. Doesn't matter.
Jerry sighed, but did not press the issue any further, turning instead to the client who had just arrived.
"I see," John commented thoughtfully. "So is that it? You prepared everything for me to have my way with you so you could make it up to me for the past week, and then you intended to throw me out for my own good? God, you really deserved that punch..."
26... Well, that must be even more upsetting, right? Sherlock wasn't good with this type of things, but even he could tell when someone was 'too young to die'. This was a war, though, and there were bound to be people who got shot and some who died from their wounds. A shiver ran down his spine. What if the bullet had hit John a few centimetres lower, a little bit more on the right?
. John's breath caught in his throat. This couldn't be... "Sherlock, tell me you didn't just handcuff me to the bed."
due to the trauma. And another part came mostly from gratitude and the wonder to have found someone who loved him. And it was fine. As long as Sherlock would want him, John would stay. That was the end of it.
"No, friends are what protect you," John replies in a cross voice. The disappointment is still there, though, like a reproach. It hurts.
But it's true. He shaves and goes out every day. He does his shopping, prepares various and balanced meals, reads his emails. Ok, so he doesn't answer them, but people will leave him be eventually. He doesn't smoke, doesn't drink even beer, doesn't indulge in anything dangerous.
