No. No, that couldn’t be true.
said my safeword before,” Tony said after a short silence, and it felt like every muscle in Steve’s body went rigid. “Woah, calm down, Tiger. It wasn’t anything bad. I thought I’d like something that I really, really didn’t. The Dom I was with stopped immediately and nearly fell over himself, apologizing, even though it’d been my idea, and that was that.”
So he threw himself into the kiss, unable to not get a little lost, and maybe he was more selfish than he’d initially planned to be as he tilted Steve’s head just so, memorized the soft clutch of Steve’s hair and the frantic beat of his pulse under his fingers, but he thought he could be forgiven, all things considered; and if not, he was beyond caring.
He shook his head slowly, his voice barely audible when he said, “No.”
ETA: Oops, I mean 11:59pm GMT on the 25th (Thursday).
“Ow. Fuck. Ow!” Tony said as the most excruciating pain he’d ever experienced before in his life shot down his back.
-----
what I was or wasn’t doing?” Tony demanded, hitting his own chest as if to emphasize that he was right there.
He dug the fingers of his hand into his chest, as if they could claw out the pain that seemed to spike higher and higher with every shaky breath.
He’d never told Tony how he felt about him.  And now it was too late.
“Alright, what about just boyfriends then?” Tony said, giving in so easily that Steve had the irritating certainty that that had been exactly what Tony had been hoping for all along.  “That’s not really lying.  We’re friends.  And we’re boys.  Well, men.  Manly men even.  So manfriends then.  Except manfriends sounds a little raunchy, but maybe that’s just me.”
“I’d hope so. From all the stories I’ve heard, he’s supposed to know how to keep a smile on a Sub’s face. What?” Clint asked, when Natasha smacked his arm. “I’m just saying he’s the type of guy to spoil his Subs with presents. What did
They were going fast enough that Steve didn’t consciously think about sweeping Stark’s legs out from underneath him. Stark had left himself wide open, and his body took the opening before his mind could catch up.
If he’d thought about it, he would’ve wondered why Pepper hadn’t been knocking on SHIELD’s door and demanding to see Tony. Other than leaving a message on her voicemail right after the ceremony that they were going to take care of everything, however, Steve had been too fixated on tearing the mask off of someone pretending to be Tony and trying to come to terms with the effect of seeing him, even a fake him, again after all these years to worry about her and Morgan.
Sure, he realizes it’d be completely unprofessional for Dr. Stark to ask him out, but once again, Steve has literally
When Tony had suggested fighting against the Iron Man suit, Steve had assumed it’d be in the gym, where they normally trained. Sure, it would’ve restricted Tony’s movements, but considering Iron Man had projectile weapons and could fly, Steve hadn’t been concerned it would give him an undue advantage.
Tony couldn’t hear the long, slow breath Steve let out, but he could see Steve take it, and then Steve was sinking to his knees at Tony’s feet, graceful and so damn beautiful it was going to break Tony’s heart.
“Before I do that, however, there was one other thing I wanted to tell you. It’s about the phone call I got a few days ago. It was from Maria Hill. She’d called to apologize on behalf of SHIELD and let me know that they were going to release all my things back to me within the next couple of days. I meant to let you know sooner, but with everything that happened,” Tony said, his eyes falling before coming back up to meet Steve’s, “I got distracted, and I’m sorry that I let you go on thinking otherwise.”
(He wondered sometimes if Pepper ever suspected he had feelings for Tony, but she never brought it up and neither did he.)
, and okay, that is a weird association to have. I’m getting Oedipal flashbacks. Look what you’ve done.”
then. Do you really think I’m going to believe you can’t do this?”
“Just kidding.  I turned you down.  Twice.  Sorry, but I don’t marry drunk people I just met, no matter how hot and kinky they are or how many times I had to defend my virtue from your advances.  I know,” Tony says, shrugging, “I obviously have the wrong priorities in life, but what can you do?  I was just here to offer advice and moral support and an extra pair of hands.”
“I—how did you—Tony,” he whispered, swaying forward.
"Fiddlesticks, it's nothing."  Which it very well might be as far as Tony's concerned, but that doesn't change Steve's mind.
They didn’t talk about it, and maybe that was a bad thing or maybe not, but he wanted Steve to know that he could count on Tony’s affection, and not only that, he could take as much or as little as he needed. Tony wasn’t on any kind of schedule—well, the hugs were, one in the morning before breakfast and one at night before bed, but other than that. He was busy all the time, but only because he liked being busy, so if Steve wanted five minutes or ten—not that they ever lasted that long, but they could—then Tony was more than happy to give it to him.
Steve’s pretty sure his mouth is hanging open, but he can’t find the wherewithal to close it.
He swallowed. “Officially.”
“You asked me what I want. You’ve always—always wanted to know what I want,” Steve said, and Tony dropped his eyes, a surge of emotion going through him and making it nearly impossible to maintain any kind of facade. He could feel his face contorting, and he fought to keep some sliver of control.
Tony’s large enough that he can’t avoid Steve’s prostate, and Steve’s hips jump each and every time the head of Tony’s cock hits it, his legs shaking nonstop at the abuse. A part of him wants to beg Tony to wait, to give him a chance to recover so everything isn’t so sharp and overwhelming, like he’s being shoved toward climax instead of led, but he doesn’t. He won’t, ever.
Damn it.
As for Bruce …
Steve’s mouth tightened—no, Captain America, Captain America, damn it.  Steve was someone he’d consider taking home, but Captain America was an icon, a very non-geriatric icon even though he was like a gazillion years old and had pecs a man could bounce quarters off of, and shit, he was seriously considering this, wasn’t he?
“You ready to head up?” Tony asked, less than fifteen minutes after they’d arrived, and Steve blinked and nodded, the legs of his chair scraping against the floor as he stood up.
Tony dives out of the chair at the same time as he hears the muffled shot, and he lets out a pained gasp at the sudden intense burn in his shoulder, rolling as far away as he can, knowing his chances of getting out of this with just a scar to impress the ladies are slim to none.
“Oh!” he says, whirling around because he’s finally remembered his manners, and his mother is feeling the overwhelming urge to swat him right now, without knowing why. “Did you find everything alright? Do you need help with anything?”
Fandral referred to Loki as his “Blue Boy,” which, considering how long they’ve been at war with Jotunheim, was far kinder than Thor had any reason to expect.
Natasha nodded. “Alright, I’m just uploading the virus now. See you in fifteen.”
“But if you’ve already asked Tony—”
make me a cup of coffee, oh, wonderful and noble Steve, Captain of America and of my pants?"
“You’re thinking about it now, aren’t you?”
“It’s okay, Dad,” Joe said, looking like he was going to reach out and touch Steve.  “Now that I know the time machine works, you can go back and save Pops—”
“I would never order you to
It wasn’t that Tony was trying to
He looked tired, dark smudges under his eyes, harsh lines standing out around his eyes and mouth.
It hadn’t helped that he’d been all too aware of being in his own bed. He’d wanted to sleep in Tony’s, but his courage had failed him. He hadn’t known what he would’ve done if Tony had come in and ordered him back to his own room, or if Tony had taken one look at him and turned and left. So he’d come here instead, hoping that Tony would join him but knowing that he wouldn’t. Tony never came into Steve’s bedroom, had never, the whole time Steve had lived with him, and would never, Steve knew without being told, because it was an island of privacy that Tony refused to invade.
“As in intercourse, Barton,” Dr. Strange said, and Steve couldn’t see him roll his eyes, but he could hear it in his voice. He understood that he’d been an incredibly brilliant neurosurgeon before becoming Sorcerer Supreme, but once again, Tony had been turned into a huge wolf. Questions were going to happen.
“Steve,” Tony said softly, his hands coming up to cradle Steve’s face, and part of Steve wanted to jerk away, didn’t want Tony to touch him, knew he didn’t deserve it and couldn’t stand the thought that Tony would try to comfort him.
There was no hiding the tremor in his hands anymore, and he found himself having to drag his gaze back to Tony’s, again and again.
“I’m—” Tony swayed, his hand falling down against his side and curling into a white-knuckled fist as he heaved for breath. “I’m fine,” he gasped and crumpled to the ground.
He shoves everything out of his mind and focuses on work like he’s supposed to. Tony is … he’s just out of Steve’s reach, and that’s all there is to it. The sooner he gets that through his head, the better.
, like Dr. Stark is a steak he desperately wants to sink his teeth into, what the hell—”but my battery died,” because his soon-to-be-ex-best-friend had been playing games on it, “and I didn’t realize until it was too late.”
“That’s good,” Dr. Stark says absently, and Steve shivers at the indirect praise, wants to hear more of it, wants Dr. Stark to tell him how to be even better. “Open your legs a little wider for me, please.”
And then after he moved back in, Steve had been affectionate and eager—
He can’t stop the shudder.
“I would imagine so since he misinformed you about the state of your contract in the first place, which lead to your refusal.”
Steve knew Tony was still talking, but he was stuck on the “milked” thing. Tony wanted to milk him. That was . . .
“What are you doing still up? Did you need something?”
He thinks Steve’s getting this wet because of some condition, not because Steve wants Dr. Stark to use him until he has to walk bow-legged and drips come for a week.
, to go back to the way he’d been a week ago when he’d see Steve and visibly brighten instead of tensing up the way he did now, as if he were preparing for a fight.
Well, this is unexpected, he thinks, as Steve comes barreling into the room wearing skin-tight leather, and maybe it’s shock setting in, but the foremost thought in Tony’s mind is that he didn’t buy him that.
“Sorry, this has to be uncomfortable for you, Steve,” Dr. Stark says, and it is, fuck, but there’s also a hot line of slick sliding down between his cheeks, and Steve doesn’t know how to respond. “I’m sure Dr. Edwards doesn’t take this long as it’s really rare for a man of your age and health to have any prostate issues. During a routine exam, your physician would check the inferior end of the prostate—the closest end—and that would be sufficient. Unfortunately, I need to rule this out as being the cause of your symptoms, and in order to do that reliably, I have to examine your whole prostate, not just part of it.”
It shouldn’t matter. And it didn’t to a certain extent. This tiny bit of humiliation was nothing in comparison to the pain he’d caused Tony.
“Not my fault,” Steve protested, the words slurring together as he starting rocking into Tony’s fist, his breath hot and damp against Tony’s neck.  “Harder, Tony?” he panted, making it a question.  “Can you do it harder?”
"You know," Tony said, staring at the handcuffs that tied them together, "you had me at hello, so this was really unnecessary.  Not that I’m complaining.  Who doesn’t like a little bondage in the bedroom?  Normally, however—"
The arm moves, reaching for something, Steve doesn’t notice what, and he can’t help but think it looks really strong. Capable. Like it could hold an omega down and keep him right where Dr. Stark wants him. However he wants him. So he can do whatever needs to be done for the omega’s own good.
Right?
Word count: 1,073
But when had he ever taken the easy way out?
“C’mon, Pepper,” he said, widening his eyes pitifully. “I feel like I just had back-to-back scenes with three Doms and their pet gimp, and all I want is to have a warm washcloth for my head and the entire contents of that bottle of Advil, is that really too much to ask?”
He’d wondered at first if it was Stark’s way of trying to get him to take up the slack in conversation. Steve hadn’t been much of a talker lately, he could admit that; but Stark had never seemed to be bothered before, and it wasn’t as if Steve was doing it on purpose. He just . . . didn’t have much to say.
He didn’t, but he did try, and he found a few people he spent some time with, but he never got serious about any of them. He’d had the love of his life, maybe even more than once, and who else got to say that? He was in a good place with people he loved who loved him back, and he was lucky, he realized as he blinked at the display of colored pencils in front of him. He was putting together an art kit for Morgan’s birthday, and the fact that he could, that this was normal for him, made him pause.
“I was thinking that I didn’t want to be shot or imprisoned while you guys conducted all sorts of invasive, illegal, and quite likely uncomfortable tests,” the thing that wore Tony’s face told her, but it didn’t look upset. The expression on hi—its face was soft. Amused. Affectionate almost, and Steve realized that he couldn’t look into its eyes and somehow just
“That’s
Steve shouldn’t have said anything.
Steve broke off, turning away so he could glare out the window.
Shit.
He zoomed in on Steve’s face, not even meaning to, the move automatic as his phone tracked his eye movements and enlarged anything he focused on for more than a few seconds. It was a long time before he could look away.
“Isn’t that up to you?” he said uncertainly.
“Tony?” he coughed, shaking and unable to stop.  He couldn’t get control of his limbs, couldn’t get them to move or turn, but Tony was holding him, holding him and not letting go.
“Tony—”
He shied away from the memory, knowing he must have misheard somehow, the words, the devastation behind them. He knew better by now than to hope.
Then what?
“My role in what?” Tony said, upset but obviously confused, and Steve knew then Tony might’ve suggested improvements to the Helicarriers, but that was as far as his involvement had gone. The rush of relief that hit Steve was staggering.
Tony had planned to say more, but he found the words frozen on his tongue as he watched Steve try to take what he wanted. He wondered if Steve was going to feel the burn from this later, or if Steve fucked himself enough in the privacy of his own room that he’d barely notice . . . and that thought was not very conducive to staying clear headed, fuck.
“How are you doing today, Steve?” Dr. Saunders asked as he entered the room for his fifth session.
“I didn’t sign anything—”
“So then why?” he demanded.
“Alright, so why don’t you take off your pants and underwear and lie down on the bed. There’s a sheet you can place across your lap, if you’d like. I’ll just step outsi—oh damn,” Dr. Stark says, and Steve blinks, because he might have been getting distracted. “I’m sorry. There was a blackout for a second right before you got here, and I was going to check on the machine,” he says, gesturing to the black screen of the computer, “but I forgot. I have to boot this up and put your information in. I know it’s a little unorthodox, but would you mind if I stayed in the room while you got undressed? It’ll save the both of us a lot of time.”
to say it! I wanted to—”
“Okay, you’ve been very patient, so why don’t we sit down, and I’ll tell you what you can expect over the next three days.”
Crap, he was getting a bad feeling about this. Why had he instituted this stupid rule in the first place?
"I don't … I don't remember asking you to?" Steve said, his voice raising up at the end.
“What do you want it to mean?” she asked, and it was like a dam breaking, the tidal wave of emotions that crashed through him at her question that he’d been so desperately holding back for the past ten months.
Steve watched Stark leave the room, knowing he should say something to stop him but unable to find the right words.
Tony honestly didn’t know what to think.  Him, with a teenaged son?  By
Except now that he’s looking at Tony with his tight tank top and unfairly-toned biceps, Steve becomes all too conscious of how he’s sweaty from nerves, his thighs are tacky with slick, his jeans are wet, and Tony’s shirt is still hanging around his hips. It can’t be a good look on him.
“You know, I normally have to sign a contract before someone will do this to me,” Tony wheezed, and immediately regretted the words when Steve froze. Well crap. He really should pay more attention when Pepper lectured about the necessity of a brain-to-mouth filter. He’d forgotten for a second there that sexual jokes were a no-no, what with the whole newly acquired, reluctant Sub thing.
“Be ready by eight tomorrow morning.”
“Oh no,” Captain America groaned, and Tony didn’t think he’d ever get tired of saying his name in his head.  Captain America.
; that’s not why I accepted!” he said, insulted that she’d think so little of him, even if he had been the one to imply that had been what happened.
“I decided the punishment would be a little … different today. We were interrupted yesterday, and I thought, I owe him a few orgasms; why not make them special?”
Tony wouldn’t expect—would he?
How long was long enough, though? They’d been living together for over a month now, and he’d still never taken Tony out on that date—even if he did have a good excuse as to why he’d been more than a little distracted lately. He still wanted to, however, but how was that supposed to work if they were keeping things a secret?
“No, Steve, it really, really wasn’t. I’m the one who’s been through this before, and I should’ve—”
“No,” Steve said, absolute, and they both went quiet. “You’re right, Clint, I don’t think Tony would knowingly hurt someone, even now, but he’s not comfortable in his body, and there’s too much risk of him accidentally injuring someone.”
Could he even go through with it?
“Clint, hi,” he said, surprised but pleased. He hadn’t seen Clint in months, but he was one of those people that was just easy to be around, their interaction seemingly picking up right where they left off each time they got together.
“Did you go in there?”
“You owe me three days, though, Steve,” Tony said, fingers still busy. “We’ve never discussed discipline, but we’re going to tomorrow.”
Steve had
They have to look ridiculous, he’s sure, and Pepper would probably laugh her fins right off if she could see them make their oh-so-slow way to a tiny island where the Angel can potentially recuperate. At this pace, it should take about an hour to get there.There’s not too much on it other than some coconut trees, but somewhat past that is a bigger island where he can move the Angel later if need be, and that one has more things for the Angel to potentially eat, as well as a freshwater lake.
Not that he’s curious, of course.
“I know you will,” Tony said softly, cupping Steve’s cheek. “Get your cock out, Sweetheart. Show me how much you like my fingers fucking your mouth.”
She nodded slowly. “Are you meeting a lot of people?”
Stark had only ever managed to hit him solidly once—and how he had crowed, so delighted with himself—but there was no way to avoid the marks from when Stark struggled to get free from his holds, elbows jabbing at soft tissue, fingers gouging in where they could. Last night had left him with even more, his weight completely supported by Stark’s arms and chest, the metal digging into him. He didn’t know if it helped or hurt their situation that he wore them on his skin, and he didn’t want to see Dr. Reynold’s expression as he examined them, didn’t want to see him so close up at all.
He pushed off from the wall and straightened up, letting the weight of his decision settle on his shoulders.
“Good afternoon, Captain,” JARVIS said as soon as he was inside.
He knew Tony wouldn’t be happy after he got off the phone, but Steve was right there. Tony could take his anger out on him. He would’ve gratefully accepted any further punishment Tony wanted to dish out in order to stay beside him.
“Not really. Not if he wasn’t in the mood,” and yup, there was the laughter.
That was true. A rinse was probably all he needed. Except . . . he really wanted to sleep with Tony tonight, wanted it more now than he had before even, and that meant not being sticky with sweat or smelling of sex, not giving Tony a reason to hesitate about having him there.
“Bucky…” he says warningly, but Bucky’s never been the type to take warnings well, and Steve knows it. “How do you know Tony’s bi?”
Steve shook his head, walking in until he was a few feet away, and Tony had been around the military enough to recognize a parade rest when he saw one. He had just a second to wonder what Steve was going to say, dread making him twitchy, when Steve spoke.
Steve jerked awake, confused for a second about where he was and what he was doing—until he realized his hand was on his cock. And he was hard. He was aching.
That is a horrible place to end it, I know.
Anyone who was anyone (or at the very least was a person who could hack into SHIELD’s servers through a backdoor he’d created the last time he’d been in headquarters, but whatever) knew about Captain America.   How he’d been discovered in the arctic and revived, how SHIELD had been keeping him hidden from the world while he got acclimated to the future, how they’d been sending him out on simple solo missions to see how he’d do.
Fuck.
At least he could take comfort in the fact that Tony was making sure he knew what was going to happen, that Tony had planned everything out and was still taking care of him, even though he was angry.
“We had this argument—and then he said—and then I said—and now he probably feels pressured to—”
in front of Dr. Stark?
at his suit?
Even when Morgan asked him one day, “Uncle Steve, when is daddy coming back?” and he stumbled through an answer that left her solemn and him hollow.
“I’m Tony, Steve,” he said, grinding the heel of his hand against Steve’s cock.
Word count: 2,669
If Dr. Stark knew what sort of thoughts were going through Steve’s head, he’d be appalled. Horrified. No matter how kind and understanding he’s been up until now.
“Well, you could always try sleeping on the bed for a change,” he said, shaking his head.  “Shocking, I know, but most people seem to like it.”
Still, Tony’s in his apartment, and that can only lead to good things.
Just like with all the other deaths, the feeling of connection between the two of them was there, but it was magnified somehow with this guy.  Like they were linked together.  Like it was meant to be.
And maybe …
Three hours later though, they’d gone through six stores without purchasing even a measly decorative item, and Steve’s patience was reaching its limit.
“Please,” Steve said quietly.
“It’s not so bad,” Steve muttered defensively, but yeah, okay, it really was.
No. Please, no.
“You seemed comfortable enough this morning,” she said. Pepper and Happy had both come by during breakfast for the meet-and-greet, and Steve had been incredibly polite and gentlemanly throughout, completely unlike the first time he’d met Tony. Not that he was bitter or anything.
Any other day, Tony would’ve happy to oblige him, but it was already all he could do to keep himself together. No matter how much he tried to prevent it, his mind kept trying to dissect every scene he’d ever had with Steve, looking for any other time he’d pushed him further than he’d wanted to go. He knew he’d eventually be unable to stop himself, but he couldn’t afford to get lost in his own thoughts now when Steve needed him to be present. It didn’t help that he was starting to feel shaky, not horribly so, but enough that he was afraid Steve would notice the occasional tremor in his knees, and the thought of trying to yell it out in addition to all the rest of it made his chest feel like it was caving in.
“I told you you had a choice, and you left!” Tony said, and fuck, the alcohol had maybe not been a good decision after all.
He swallowed, glancing at Tony’s face, different now but still so beloved, before looking away.
He quickly diverted his thoughts, because as he’d learned early on, thoughts of what had happened and walking around in public didn’t go well together.
Oh, he’s heard stories of the bird men from soldiers and dignitaries, even studied a few pictures, but he’s always been a little dubious. People that can fly? People that
Steve felt as if he was coming out of a daze as he finished the letter.  He had the oddest sense of familiarity, as if he’d read these words before, time and time again.  It made no sense, but he couldn’t shake the feeling, nor the creeping certainty that Anthony Stark had never made it back home, his ship lost at sea while his lover waited for him.
“There haven’t been,” Steve interrupted, and if Tony had thought he’d been stiff before, it was nothing to the way he was holding himself then.
Tony snorted. "Yeah, okay. We can go with that if it makes you feel better.” He gave Steve what could only be considered a condescending pat on the shoulder before turning away.
Tony was teasing and hadn’t meant what he’d said in a bad way. But it was still fuel to the embers of guilt that had been steadily burning for days. Of course Tony would think the worst of him. Why wouldn’t he? He had every reason to—
(See the end of the chapter for
“Look, it’s just a preference thing, alright?  I like my own space.  I like following my own rules.  I’m not the type of person who takes ‘you are now free to move around in the cabin’ and ‘turn off all cellular and portable devices’ well.  Do I seem like that type of person?  Because if you think I am, we really need to reconsider whether we can pull this off.”
“What are you—?”
This was going to happen. He just had to get through it, and then he’d be that much closer to earning Tony’s forgiveness. It was fine. He was fine. Steve believed that.
handled it, and he’d been alright. He’d deserved it after all. He deserved worse.
“Except then I realized that was the worst thing I’ve ever done, the worst thing I do to you
“This is actually more of a Christmas present to myself.  You just happen to be the messenger.  The deliveryman.  Don’t worry, I won’t ask you to wear those cute shorts those guys always have on—”
to come home with a Sub that day, so sue him for not being prepared.
“I need to come at least once a day,” he said in a rush, looking away, as if that would help when he was blushing bright enough to light the whole damn room.
-----
So he’d be naked except for a … muzzle. And a tail. He swallowed around a dry throat.
“Yes, thank you, I’m fine,” he says but starts regretting it a few seconds later, because he doesn’t know how he hasn’t noticed the air conditioning is on, but he has no doubt that he’s painting pink, pointy bullseyes on his chest right now.
“Look, it was either that or do something I’d regret—”
Did Tony like the way his collar looked on Steve?
He shook his head “no” quickly. He was still willing to do whatever Tony wanted him to.
Tony made a murmuring sound, but when Steve looked back, he was still sleeping.
“Please what?” Tony panted, his hands tightening on Steve’s hips for a second right before he pulled out.  They both groaned, although Steve couldn’t help but notice how more desperate he sounded in comparison.
Unless someone had stolen their DNA and combined it in a lab with the intention of creating an evil super villain with Tony’s brains and Steve’s physique; now that he could see.
, always seemed to come up lacking, even when he didn’t mean to, and he wanted to start making it up to Tony, wanted to—
“Again,” Tony said, rubbing at the slit with his thumb, pressing down harder with each pass.
“You.  This,” Captain America said, waving his hand between them.  Which made both of them look down.  Which made Captain America realize what they were both looking down at.  Which made him blush and move his crotch behind the door.  Which made Tony want to cry a little.
This wasn’t anything like that.
So after all those lovely comments,  I was planning to update last week, but then the chapter fought me, so that didn't happen. Then I hit 4.3K, and I realized I was still only half-way finished (I have a feeling all these punishment days are going to be split into 2), but I didn't want to make you guys wait anymore, so here is the first half of Day 1.
NSFW image below!
“Alright. Thanks.”
He found himself shivering at the memory.
He walked through the main doors of Stark Tower and nodded to Lisa behind the front desk, to Dave at the security desk, and to the two guards he wasn’t familiar with yet as they walked the halls. He normally tried to stop and say hello to Lisa and Dave at least, but he was in a hurry to get upstairs. He would’ve liked to stay in that morning to spend time with Tony, but while he didn’t normally go in every day—other than the week before when he’d been transferring offices and then preparing to get Dr. Martin—there’d been things he needed to wrap up post-mission. He’d done everything he could to get all his meetings and paperwork finished as soon as possible, but it was still almost three o’clock, and since Tony had been sleeping when he left, he hadn’t had a chance to talk to him yet today.
And other than occasionally muttering at JARVIS and taking a couple of hours in the afternoon during which Steve would hear blasts of music or the odd crash from somewhere around the penthouse, Stark had taken a week away from everything in order to be available to Steve—a week, and Stark hadn’t indicated he expected anything to change in the near future.
“Not even Mr. Stark?”
By obeying. By being Tony’s good boy.
“You’re right, I do know, and seriously, what is wrong with you?  How are we even friends?”
“I’d meant for this to be a surprise,” Tony said, patting the—it took Steve a moment to figure out what he was looking at, but once his mind processed that the long, red,
“Mr. Stark,” he said, because he could be the bigger man and acknowledge Tony’s arrival and assistance, even if the words felt clumsy on his tongue. It’d taken him a long time to start calling Tony by his first name, but now that the transition had happened, it was much harder going back.
“What do you—”
Tony had
“Oh please, Tony. You can’t tell me that you don’t want him.”
It’s only when Steve sits that he realizes Tony’s stripped the blanket and put a towel—a few towels, Steve notices, seeing where the corners don’t completely match up—across the mattress for Steve to lie on. Not that Steve had needed them, since he may or may not have gotten out his heat sheets this morning, but Tony hadn’t known that.
The anger, however, had taken him by surprise.
It was different, though, being the one to dish it out versus being the one it was being dished out to, especially when Captain America was the one saying it.
-----
“Good,” Tony said again, tired all of the sudden, exhausted really. And maybe he was wrong. Maybe there was another reason that Steve was acting so oddly, and maybe he wasn’t sitting there thinking all sorts of terrible things about Tony like he had the first day. Maybe they’d moved past that into something resembling trust.
After Tony had gone downstairs, after Steve put everything back where it’d belonged and cleaned himself up and somehow managed to put himself back together, he’d worked for a while on finding Bucky, but it’d been a struggle to gather the shreds of his attention into anything resembling focus.
Who’s he kidding? His lab? He needs to get out of the building. He needs to get out of the
But when Steve would have happily gone down to his knees, Tony stopped him, using his leg to drag the ottoman over so it was snug against the couch, and then he turned Steve so his back was to him and guided him down. Steve ended up in the V of Tony’s legs, reclining on the ottoman against Tony’s chest, his body highlighted by the light from the screen.
“Go clean up,” Tony said and then left Steve there as he went to find out what SHIELD wanted.
a Dom, more like someone who’d had an unwanted guest drop in on him out of the blue and felt obligated to keep a close eye on him as a result. And when Steve thought about it like that, that he was a guest in Stark’s home and of course expected to adhere to the wishes of his host, then it almost felt like he could breathe again.
of his desire.
Stark had never indicated that he . . .
He’d gone from living in an orphanage to living in a boarding house to living in the barracks, and comfort had never been the highest priority in any of those places. He’d slept on twin beds with thin mattresses and had counted himself lucky if he’d had a blanket thick enough to keep out most of the chill; had waited for his turn to use the bathroom and kept track of the passing minutes as he stood under the lukewarm or cool water; had  eaten food that had the consistency of mush or jerky during some of the harder times of his life and been grateful for it; and that had been fine, that had been expected, but here . . .
But there was no where to go, no way to escape.
“There’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Really. All it means is that your glands are doing what they’re supposed to.”
“Yeah,” he said, his cheeks warming, even as a small smile tugged at his lips.
“Are you lonely, Steve?”
Oh. He’d thought Tony was going to suggest Steve take some time to get used to the idea of pet play, or do some research maybe, but he wasn’t interested in either option. Having Tony with him, though, no matter how humiliating it’d be, was something he did want.
It’s just a game. Steve knows there’s nothing really special about it except maybe slightly better graphics than the current standard. It’s just one first-person shooter out of hundreds, but he’s addicted. He hasn’t gone so far as to set his alarm early in order to get some time in before work–not yet anyway–but he thinks about it during random moments in the day, and he always races home and wolfs down dinner in order to get on as soon as possible.
He heard Tony’s sharp inhale, watched as Tony went completely still, and the knowledge that Tony was as affected as he was helped ease some of the nervousness inside of him.
Thus, Bonded Omegas were safe, because even Tony wasn’t vain enough to think a person would try to get out of a Bond just to be with him.  Now, they might fantasize about him in order to add some excitement into their hum-drum love lives, but well, who could blame them?
“But not during or after.”
.  If Tony weren’t bleeding out on the floor, he’d be so turned on right now.
Steve was panting by the time they pulled apart, and even with all the rest of it, Tony watched him with a fierce satisfaction. Steve was going to compare that kiss with everyone’s that came after, and Tony had no doubt that it’d be a long time before his would be found wanting.
Steve cried out, trying to thrust down onto Tony’s fingers, but Tony refused to give him even that much relief, pulling them away and then rolling Steve’s knees up until they pressed against his shoulders.
mean it, Steve didn’t flirt with someone who only flirted with him out of habit
And Tony was all for getting him up to speed, making him feel comfortable, all that crap really, but he didn’t understand why that meant he couldn't see him.  It was
I have so many things I need to apologize for, Tony: my anger and frustration, my stubbornness, my pride.  For not being there when you needed me most.  For not going to find you in order to bring you back to me.  I hope that when we finally see each other again that you can somehow manage to forgive me.  If not, I understand.  I doubt that I’ll ever be able to forgive myself.
There was a moment when Steve was returning the Stones that he realized … he didn’t have to go back. He could stay.
“Honor,” Steve said, immediately, no trace of hesitancy in his voice, and the show of Steve’s trust in him went a long way in soothing the stupid worry that had been bothering him for the past week about Clint and Natasha. Not enough to make him change his plans, of course, because Tony had gone to a lot of effort getting everything ready, and waste not, want not and all that, but still. “Tony, what are you doing?”
“You’re right, though,” Tony said, closing his eyes. “I should’ve asked you,” he said roughly, and then he was gone.
to be with you so much,” he said, tears managing to well up without permission at the knowledge that it might be the very last time he was with Tony, and he wiped at his eyes roughly before they could fall. “I didn’t call, because I didn’t want to know what you’d say, and I’m sorry I doubted you, I’m so fucking sorry, but I’ve just lost so many people already,” he said, his voice cracking, “I couldn’t face the possibility of losing you too.”
He wants to wince at his own words, realizes they sound like he’s lying, like he’s crazy actually, even though he really does need to go home. As soon as possible. He keeps hearing a phantom Dr. Stark tell him
a try. I don't typically self-advertize, but I like that fic and want more people to read it. :)
“You know damn well why, back off!” Steve said, knocking Tony’s hand off of his shoulder. Tony had never been one for casual contact. Steve wasn’t going to accept it now, especially not in some sort of gesture of camaraderie that didn’t exist.
, and Steve tried not to think about what would happen if Tony didn’t.
“I know.”
“Try. Me,” Stark said, and Steve would’ve given almost anything to see what expression he had on his face now to make Dr. Reynolds falter like that.
more.
It smiled and winked, lifting its arms. “Who here missed me?”
“No,” Steve said, almost a gasp as Tony leaned in, his breath puffing against Steve’s cock. He didn’t mean to whine as he felt Tony brush against the curve of his buttocks, but it was ticklish enough that it made his hole clench reflexively, and he hadn’t felt empty a few seconds ago, but he felt it now as he flexed down on nothing, more of Tony’s come dripping out of him as Tony teased him.
So he didn’t know much about pet play, but he understood the general idea.
His Blue Boy.
Steve still looked skeptical, not that Tony could blame him, but he hadn’t accused him of lying outright or yelled at him, and that was encouraging. Maybe this could work after all. All he had to do was keep throwing one surprise after another at Steve, and the man could be almost civil.
“He’s not exactly the most forthcoming person I’ve ever met!” Tony said defensively. “If it were up to him, we’d probably sit in silence, glaring at each other thirty percent of the time, avoiding each other’s eyes another thirty percent, and working out the last forty with breaks for eating, sleeping, and using the bathroom! I’m doing what I can!”
he was. He’d forgotten what it was like to be this happy.
He hears a click and looks up to see Dr. Stark positioning one of the stirrups, and it’s like being punched in the gut, all the air deserting him, leaving him dizzy and disoriented. His ass clenches down so hard that he’s worried the sight alone is going to tip him over—
One second he was sparring with Natasha, and the next, he was standing in the middle of an alley.
One-point-five, this made the time after an orgasm very intense, quickly catapulting into oversensitivity, which, oh, hypothetically, could make the user tense up more. It shouldn’t be a problem considering item two:
Lust won.
“We should arrive in five minutes,” the pilot said, breaking the silence that had been with them throughout the ride.
Damn it. Steve kind of wants to curl into a ball and moan for a while. That’s not really an option, however, so there’s nothing left to do but stiffen his spine and throw all his clothes into the hamper, take one long,
He choked on the apology before he could let it slip, his voice coming out strangled.
Then the tentacles around his thighs throw being respectful to the wind, and they find another hole that’s not only slick with something that tastes even more delectable than Steve’s thighs but is also warm and snug and perfect, and they try to force each other out and cram as much of themselves inside as possible while Steve shakes and cries out against Tony’s lips, helpless little “uh, uh, uh” sounds that make Tony’s head spin.
“Coffee?”
The next time they saw each other, Steve was on the ground, in the middle of getting his ass kicked by Loki. It wasn’t the way he’d hoped to see Tony again.
“Maybe not. But it should be,” Steve said, strained and low.
“Look, Steve—”
Maybe he’d counted himself in the clear too soon. Maybe he hadn’t been the only one thinking about what had happened. At the time, Stark had mistaken his reaction for disgust, and what if he’d kept on assuming that was how Steve felt? How much did Steve really know about him after all? Could he say he knew what was normal for Stark? He’d thought he’d denied whatever accusations Stark had been making, but what if he hadn’t believed him?
I realize this isn't a real chapter, but I shall post a (very short) chapter tomorrow!
Not intentionally exactly. Maybe he wouldn’t have gone if things had been different, but he couldn’t say that for sure. He’d been so messed up back then—and he was far from perfect now, he knew, but it felt much more manageable now.
“Then let’s go.” Tony hesitates before saying, “I’m sorry about your pants,” before deliberately tilting his bottle of water over so it spills across Steve’s lap.
“I said I remember, Pepper!” He immediately regretted being short with her. She had every right to remind him. She’d been the one to pick up the pieces after all.
ETA: I totally forgot to give a shout-out to Anchanee who gave me the idea of Steve asking Tony out on a date. Thank you so much!
It’d been over four months since he’d seen Tony face to face, and he found his gaze being dragged back inch by inch.
This was written so fast.  I apologize for the bad porn.
Tony seemed to know exactly what buttons to push, and he hadn’t even—
He’d never felt anything like it, and it was incredibly tempting to let himself get swept up by it all. He wanted to come so badly that the thought of stopping was maddening, but he had to be pragmatic. He knew intercourse was going to hurt, but it was a question of how much, and maybe being this excited when they started would make the rest of it go a little easier.
He glared.
He stares glumly at the far end of the room where Tony is showing the other Steve something, their heads bent over one of Tony’s numerous gadgets, their sides pressed together.
How many years would’ve passed by then?  How many graves would he have to visit?  How many lives would he have missed out on?
At one point, he had Steve pull up onto his elbows while still holding onto the headboard so he could pinch and tug at Steve’s nipples while he tasted him. Steve had already begun shivering each time Tony bit him, but at that, he started grunting as well, involuntary little sounds that had Tony’s head swimming.
He didn’t stop, and he didn’t stop, his breath coming in small, wet hitches that made Tony want to flinch with each one, and rationally, Tony knew that Steve would calm down on his own, probably even needed the outlet after everything that had happened.
“JARVIS! I’m trying to get in!” he yells, just in case JARVIS somehow misses it, and the door slams shut. The life of a superhero is never easy, and Tony has learned to be prepared, but right then and there, he decides that one of the smartest things he’s ever done has been to reinforce the doors and mechanize the hinges.
There was a brief silence. “Is he usually not polite? Because he’s always been polite whenever I’ve been around.”
bad.”
“From engineer to doctor? That’s quite the change,” Steve says, relaxing a little at the innocuous answer. Talking about what Tony was like when he was younger shouldn’t be dangerous. “Do you ever miss it?”
a tone at least, that it wasn’t the awful nothingness from before.
And even though Tony had already promised to be in the same room, with Steve’s sight and hearing taken away, it’d basically be the same to him, and wasn’t that why Tony had done it in the first place? So he could be there but without Steve knowing how much he was coming apart?
He really should’ve just kept his mouth shut and let Tony rest.
He felt the softest of pressure against his lips, and then he was gasping, desperate for air, Tony’s face hovering inches above his.
Tony let out a silent whistle, stepping back to take in the view, the long, clean lines of him, the quite frankly amazing ass, his for the taking.
-----
have to call dad in for the lecture, Pops?”
She—well, Clint—shrugged.  “It’s not anything I haven’t seen before,” she said, making Thor (Steve) blush and Steve (Clint) grin in a way that just looked weird on Steve’s face.
“Sorry, I … I didn’t hear you,” Steve says, trying to speak normally, and it feels like he’s going to combust with how much he’s blushing. It should be illegal for doctors to have conversations with their patients when they’ve got something inside of them. Maybe someone who doesn’t get the way he does during exams could do it, but how’s Steve supposed to pretend it’s not everything he’s ever wanted?
It hadn’t been that way a year ago, however. Steve had almost never asked for more than the most superficial things from Tony, things that he hadn’t cared about, that Tony could deny him without hurting him. The only time he’d asked for something that mattered had been when he’d told Tony he’d wanted to apologize, although he wasn’t sure if Tony had understood he’d used that for his one request of the day. He’d needed Tony to hear him out, however, and it was the only way he’d thought he could guarantee that Tony would listen—even if it hadn’t been necessary in the end.
late, but I'll try...
Never mind the fact that Steve hated the idea of someone having sex with Tony when he was this vulnerable and couldn’t really say no because of the circumstances.
thick. Tony doesn’t think he’s ever seen thighs this large, and they get quite a number of Human visitors that are part of their military.
The smart thing to do would be to have Happy put Steve on the private jet, ship him back to D.C. as fast as he could and forget the whole day had happened.
“I excel at many, many things, Steve,” Tony said, raising the spoon with a flourish that had red sauce splattering everywhere, “but cooking isn’t one of them. I can, however, make a mean pot of boiling water,” he said, taking another lid off a neighboring pot to demonstrate.
“And even knowing all of that, I still want to ask again,” Steve said, the words filling Tony with a dangerous hope. Steve’s fingers squeezed around his arms as his eyes dropped down to Tony’s shoulder, Tony’s gaze following, and Tony could see the edges of the bandages through his blurry vision, all too obvious since Tony was shirtless, something he hadn’t noticed until now. “Even after—”
Please give this all the likes and reblogs! For me, if not for the glory that is her work. TT_TT
But Clark’s mom. Superman’s
Steve shook his head, muscles tensing further as he realized what was coming up next. He tried to push away the echo of wrongness, the doctor’s touches still ghosting over his skin, and searched for a sense of equilibrium. It was going to be much worse very soon.
So three months.  Yeah, he could do that.  And not for a place on the Avengers.  He could care less about that, although the expression on Fury’s face when he told him so might be worth the hassle all by itself.  And he wasn’t going to do it for Steve Rogers, because Steve was a sanctimonious prick, whose pretty face and gorgeous body and tight buns of steel—okay, okay, maybe a little bit for Steve Rogers.  Primarily though, he was doing it for Captain America, because no matter what Tony thought about him now that he’d met him, no one deserved to be locked up and told when they could eat and sleep and go out—at least, not without them agreeing to it beforehand—least of all someone who’d gotten his ass kicked by war, and been left frozen for seventy years, and whose friends and family were all dead and buried, and who Tony had once admired.
“Yes, Tony,” he said and poured lube into his hand.
“Fine, alright, fine,” Steve sighed.  “I get it.  I’ll stop complaining.”
That quickly changed to fear, however, when he looked up from the slide of Bruce’s tongue to see Bruce staring at him with eyes that saw way too much.
, is peering up along his body, past his obnoxiously obvious cock, past his heaving chest, is looking him directly in the eyes, and it’s amazing Steve maintains his erection with how much blood floods his face just then.
He refused to let himself get mired in his guilt yet again, however, knowing it wouldn’t help either of them, no matter how tempting the urge was to relive every horrible decision he’d made over the past few days. Steve hoarded blame almost as much as he did, and he knew Steve wouldn’t forgive himself if he could see Tony obsessing about his own mistakes every chance he got. There’d be time to go over everything later,
“You lost weight, and you never smiled, and you—”
“Because we’re in like?”
“There’s no reason for
feel better, then I don’t want it.”
“Please, Tony,” he gasped, grinding down onto the bed, and Tony wondered if Steve was getting off on the pain, or if he was rubbing against the sheets in order to find some way to offset it. Steve had really gotten into the spanking, but biting was a different kind of pain.
It wasn’t until it was all over, when he was alone on his bed in an apartment that was no longer a home, when he was exhausted physically and mentally and just wanted to wrap himself in Tony’s arms and lie there for hours, that he realized he hadn’t talked to Tony even once in the past three days.
“You won’t be allowed on the furniture, unless I specifically invite you up. Only good boys are given special privileges, Steve, so I hope you try your best.”
Tony smile then, soft and amused, and stepped closer until their bodies were almost touching. “You thought right,” he said, gently tugging Steve’s head down until their foreheads were resting against each other and he could feel Tony’s breath across his lips. “I’ve got
She smiled. “Good. You deserve it,” she said, and Steve found himself looking down at his plate. It wasn’t that he disagreed with her, but after everything that had happened, it was still a struggle to accept that good things
Tony’s eyes searched his face, his expression turning resigned almost, which Steve didn’t like at all. Did he think he still wanted to argue? All of Steve’s anger had drained away a long time ago. He just wanted to make sure Tony knew how sorry he was, how much he regretted all of it before he had to leave. “Alright.”
“I get SHIELD agents in my home, telling me that you’re wanted for questioning and heavily implying you’re somehow involved with Fury’s death, and still nothing. Days of radio silence, and there are explosions on the news, and there’s Natasha, and the-the
“Shh,” Tony said, breaking his chain of thought, and then the things started to vibrate.
Okay. Okay. He could … he could do that, if that was what Tony wanted.
Steve
Steve has always gotten excited during his exams, but it’s never been this bad before. He wants to blame it on whatever’s been bothering him, and maybe that’s true to a certain extent, but he knows most of it’s because of Dr. Stark.
“No,” Steve said, his voice low, and he had to look away, even though it wasn’t a lie. Stark hadn’t said anything wrong; it wasn’t his fault the way Steve was reacting to it.
“Although I don’t think it would take that long. I like to cheat after all,” Tony said, winking, immediately making Steve wonder what Tony would do. How did you cheat with a machine like that?
“Thanks,” Steve says, and he’s not actively trying to show off or anything, but he’d had the headshot, so he’d taken it. “So why go?”
He slid his bag off his shoulder onto the floor before sitting wearily on the couch.  It wasn’t as if there were anything breakable inside, mostly just clothes SHIELD had given him, all new with the creases still visible and made from fabrics that didn’t need to be rationed for war.
His angel just tastes like … Tony doesn’t even know what he tastes like. Nothing in the ocean compares, nor anything the Humans have brought to Atlantis as gifts. He hates that the taste is muted since the receptors in his tentacles aren’t as strong as the ones on his tongue, and he’s never wanted to put his mouth on someone more than he does right now. He wants to lap at his Angel’s sweetness until he can’t taste anything else ever again, and it’s shocking just how quickly and how deeply he gets aroused.
“I hope you don’t mind that I went ahead and set everything up,” Tony says, and Steve looks up to see a trace of concern on his face. “I thought you might prefer—”
He sighed, opening his eyes, and even though the windows were shaded, the lights from the buildings outside provided enough illumination to see the outlines of “his” furniture.
to have—”
and he feels so empty, he aches.
At least the Angel is pretty light, which is surprising considering how muscular he is, but Tony supposes it makes sense. If Angels were too heavy, they’d never get off the ground.
”I’m going to go ahead and check your prostate now,” Dr. Stark says, putting words to action, pressing down and rubbing, and Steve doesn’t mean to do it, never means to do it, but he’s been on the edge for so long, and the way Dr. Stark touches him …
He leaned back, Stark’s fist just missing his cheek.
It implied letting people see him for the man he was, and that was vaguely terrifying to be perfectly honest.
It was just that Tony had wanted Steve back when things between them had been tense and difficult, had wanted him even after he’d left, and Steve knew that Tony probably didn’t lo—didn’t—Steve knew—he
“That
on Tony’s face. Or not exactly that maybe, but he was noticeably happier than he had been, and Steve might have thought Tony had given in to the absurdity of Steve’s appearance, but his expression was also—
“Wait, wait,” Tony said, stumbling and nearly taking the both of them down.  “This way.”
Tony ran his hand over his mouth, and Steve felt his stomach swoop sickeningly when he noticed how unsteady it was.
“What?  I was just curious.  It’s not like I was going to take Natasha’s body for a spin around the block or anything.  I mean, if we’re pointing fingers here, she’s not exactly one to talk what with going to the bathroom and everything!  And don’t tell me there wasn’t any inappropriate touching or looking,” he said, eyeing her, “because no one will believe you.”
happy to see Tony, and okay, there’s no way he’s going to hide that.  Of course, Tony isn’t trying to hide that he’s happy to see Steve either, but it’s the principle of the matter.
Tony knew
The fandom needs more Omega!Steve is all I'm saying.
And fuck, that thought just insured he was going to go crazy before the night was through.
“Alright, but it
“Captain Rogers is in the living room, Sir.”
For the prompts “Clones/doppelgangers/AU versions” (Cap_Ironman Bingo) and “kids or babies” (Avengers_Tables).
Tony had a hard time believing that Steve had been carrying around some secret torch for him, no matter how wistful his thoughts had been.  Nevertheless, for some reason he couldn’t put it entirely out of his mind.
The look of horror on his face had almost surprised Steve into a smile.
Oh, alright, maybe not that bad, but stress could trigger a heat; too many Alpha pheromones could trigger a heat; not
"Well, there are occasions when you have to think outside the box," Steve begins, but Tony's already waving his hand.
He was relieved when the doors opened, but he still hesitated for a moment before stepping into the penthouse. Should he go straightaway? Or maybe to his own room first so he could freshen up?
“My . . . my car broke down about two miles east of town,” the man said, oddly tentative even though his eyes were running all over Tony like he didn’t know where to look first but couldn’t bear to miss any of it.  “The sheriff said I should come here, that you can fix just about anything.”
“I don’t understand why you would even want—”
Although . . . what should he ask for next?
“Sure, but I’m not going to spend three months being miserable just because ole Cap here decides he’s going to make my life hell.”
He gave himself an internal shake. He couldn’t believe he was thinking about this. They hadn’t even—they’d only—fucking machines of all things.
He’s spared from Tony’s response by the arrival of Bucky to the party chat. “What’s up, losers?”
He closed the door, wondering for a second if there were cameras in the bathroom as well and then dismissing the worry. What did it matter?
“Well . . . thanks,” Tony said after swallowing, and he sat down on a stool. It had to be a good sign that Steve was still willing to make him food, didn’t it?
But no. That was too freaky.
“Okay, see, but there’s the normal polite, and there’s the ‘I’m going to be good even if it kills me’ polite, and he’s always leaned toward the second with me.”
“Tony, that’s great news,” he said, and it was, the memory of Tony’s empty lab flashing before his eyes, but …
Tony.
The other possibility, that Stark
, he thought desperately and ignored the voice that whispered,
, Steve?” Tony asked, one hand cutting through the air in frustration, and Steve’s mouth felt glued shut. The way Tony said it made Steve remember the last time he’d sounded like that, back in February when Steve had asked Tony to try again. Steve couldn’t help but notice how similar the two occasions were, and he hadn’t thought he could feel any guiltier, but he did. He kept screwing everything up, even when he didn’t mean to, and Tony was always the one who suffered for his mistakes.
Steve got hard almost humiliatingly fast. He honestly had assumed he wouldn’t enjoy any of the actual sex, and he still had doubts about the penetration itself, but this? He should’ve known Tony would be a generous lover.
He watched Stark focus, coming alive briefly as he registered the question. “Hmm? Oh, pad siew and like three different types of curry. You’ll have to ask JARVIS. He knows what I like,” Stark said, although his plate was still mostly full. He gave Steve a distracted smile before looking out the window.
After the incident in the gym, he’d been worried Stark would want to talk about what happened, but he’d never brought it up and never acted any differently towards him.
All right, that’s fair, but still.
Surely Tony would’ve told him if he’d ever been married before. That’s not something you just forget to tell your long-term boyfriend.
Tony had let it go on at first, because he’d been exhausted and in too much pain to do more, sleeping and eating and doing his own watching honestly, marvelling that Steve was mostly within arm’s reach and trying to wrap his mind around the fact that Steve had chosen him, that Steve loved—
.  I was put to shame.  And yet you still weren’t getting drunk, which was making you depressed and causing you to drink
“And for New Years?”
“Steve, no, don’t,” he said, his hands coming up helplessly, not understanding what had set Steve off and unsure if touching him would make it better or worse. Fuck, he didn’t think he could handle worse, didn’t think he could handle this much without coming apart.
“Wait,” he panted, consciously trying to relax his muscles so he’d be less likely to orgasm. “Let me—oh fuck—let me turn over.”
He wasn’t surprised when Tony immediately whirled around—annoyed, yes, but not surprised—and he curled up behind the shield as Tony raised his arms, cursing under his breath.
“I won’t, though; shh, I won’t,” Tony promised, leaning forward so they could kiss, grinding down with his hips so their cocks rubbed against each other, making Steve gasp and shudder.
“There’s first class, Tony, and then there’s having a whole airplane to ourselves!”
“What do you think happened?” Tony said, walking inside and spreading his arms out to encompass the whole room. “I was apparently harboring a traitor to the state! SHIELD came in and took anything that might tell them what your nefarious plans were. They were working on getting access to Stark Industries as well, but then you acquitted yourself, so that fell through to their everlasting disappointment,” he said, shaking his head sadly, “and I’ll probably get my things back sometime next year, assuming nothing gets lost in the process.”
He must have actually fallen asleep, because he woke up to the feeling of a deep tug, and he cried out, disoriented for a second before realizing Tony was trying to pull out.
(See the end of the chapter for
He wants to know. He’s
. Steve gets it now. He’s finally loosening up, but Dr. Stark only has one finger inside of him. He still has to get another one in. He still has to get the
Tony almost never takes off his ring. Except for every now and then when he cleans it.
“Hey!  Don’t make it sound like such a hardship!  I’ll have you know I’m a very good kisser!”
“Tony—Ton—
“Oh crap,” he said, reaching down to pick it up, hoping it hadn’t fallen into a wet patch.  It hadn’t, but apparently the fall had knocked one of the pages loose so that it poked up above the rest.
He opens his mouth to beg Dr. Stark to stop, to say that he can’t take it anymore, that it’s too much and it hurts and
“My afternoon is free tomorrow, if you don’t mind waiting,” Tony said right before he walked out the kitchen door, his plate held high and close to his chest.
Shit, Tony had no idea.
For the prompts “woke up married” (avengers_tables) and “Kink: Sex involving food” (cap_ironman bingo).  Sigh, I never do these prompts the way I’m supposed to.
He’s got a little handheld camcorder, nothing fancy, although the image quality is the best money can buy.  He could’ve gone more high-tech, gotten lights and cameras set up as well as sound equipment and all that and still had time to spare, but for this . . . for this, he likes the idea of having the camcorder in his hand, being able to direct it to wherever he wants and focus on each part of Steve as he touches him.  He likes that it won’t be perfectly polished (although technically he supposes they’ve done several rehearsals by now so that part of it should be five stars), that there’ll be moments when they’ll laugh and maybe he’ll accidentally record a few seconds of the sheets or something because Steve has always had the power to distract him.  Call him a romantic, but he wants more than just the sex.
, he thought at it, annoyed and wistful.
The problem, however, (not that
He just can’t believe what Tony’s willing to do for him. Even when he’d been fantasizing about Tony that morning, he’d never imagined something like this happening. He wants to tell Tony he doesn’t need it to become deliriously turned on. Tony’s biceps are more than enough.
“Great,” Tony said, rising up off the ground. “If you ever need to take a break, just yell stop. JARVIS knows to cut all weapon functions if you do. Alright, you’ve got one minute, and then I’m coming after you. Go!”
“Are we finished for the day?” Steve asked after some indeterminate length of time, his voice carefully even, as if Tony couldn’t
He smiled politely, and it’d been his job to punch Hitler and sign autographs, but he’d never known what to say to people when it really mattered. “Thank you, ma’am.”
But Stark was just another guy in the end. It wasn’t like Steve had been able to retain much modesty in the orphanage or in the barracks. And even if it was unusual, he’d gotten naked in front of Doms as well as Subs over the years—out in the field when separation was virtually impossible and during other medical examinations as they tried to figure out what Dr. Erskine’s formula—although it’d been completely nonsexual.
He just couldn’t understand the reason why.
“Please what?” he asked, squeezing harder with his fingers and then slowly licking his latest bite. It was more of a challenge to get a nice mouthful along the plains of Steve’s back—which was why it was all the more satisfying when Tony did it.
, Tony had said, but Steve hadn’t really believed him.
“Tony?
Thanks to Meta for the read-through!
, Pepper!”
Fury made a noise, and Tony reevaluated what he’d been planning to say.
Two out of three became five out of seven and then nine out of eleven. By the end of the day, Steve was covered in paint—and he’d been wrong: paintballs stung—and wet and he kept finding leaves in interesting places.
“Um, hello?” Steve said hesitantly.
thing Tony’s ever done towards him—putting things in Steve’s ass doesn’t really count, since that’s Tony’s job—but it’s proof; actual proof that Tony is attracted to Steve, and it’s a good thing Steve’s already wearing a towel, because it catches the slick that starts leaking out of him.
happy either.”
?” he asked again, slamming down the bottle, hard enough that a few drops of scotch came flying onto his hand. What the hell kind of game had Steve and Fury concocted? He would never have thought Steve would stoop to emotionally manipulating someone to gain the upper hand, but he’d obviously been wrong. “What does SHIELD want now?”
Tony winces. “Um … well. Some omega-specific … procedures. Would you like another coffee? I’m going to get a—”
Maybe so, but when had he ever given up on something he wanted so easily? He should’ve tried harder with Steve.
Well.  Okay.  Maybe he’s a little stupid.
They only talked for a few minutes longer, but he felt better afterward. Just hearing Tony’s voice made Steve feel more settled. It always did. Which was a startling revelation to have, especially at a moment like this, but it was true.
excited anymore—mostly—but he still lets out a surge of slick that practically guarantees he’s going to owe the office a new table because even leather isn’t supposed to get this soaked.
Look where his pride had gotten him, though. Maybe if Steve had used his safeword then, not to stop completely but to ask for reassurance, something Tony had always freely given, then Tony would’ve trusted him when he said he didn’t need to use it later.
warmly as he’d been smiling during their date.
“Yes.” He met Tony’s eyes. “Honor,” he said, because it took honor for Tony to offer one to Steve, to respect it—and Tony would; Steve believed him—and Steve wanted to acknowledge that. “It’s ‘honor.’”
“And they went to all this trouble because they were grateful for you killing Thanos?”
just from looking that something’s happening. Is that what you want, Steve? For someone to know what I’m doing to you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
for the beta! Cap went above and beyond the call of duty by reading all of Nostalgia first in order to beta this chapter. I know, wtf, she’s amazing.
“Now, I don’t know how familiar you are with breastfeeding techniques,” Dr. Stark says as he stares down into Steve's wide eyes, “but I’m going to be using the Marmet method to see if I can induce any kind of letdown reflex. Some mothers find that using warm, damp towels on their breasts for a few minutes helps to open up the milk ducts, but I don’t really have anything like that readily available, so I’d typically avoid that step in the office. You’re running a little cool, however, and I don’t want to miss anything because I didn’t take the time to examine you properly, so I’m just going to use body heat. Luckily, my hands tend to run hot,” he says, and they do. They feel almost blistering on Steve’s chest, and his cock flexes wildly at the thought, so much so that he swears he can see the sheet move from the corner of his eye.
Except Stark hadn’t asked if he wanted to go down today, and when Steve had suggested it, Stark had seemed anything but enthused by the idea.
Okay. So getting closer to Steve was obviously a mistake. A stupid mistake. An incredibly stupid, terrible mistake. What he needs to do right now is turn around, march right into the elevator, and then lock himself in his lab until this thing is over.
“But you didn’t.”
when you want to go out, when you need something, or want me to do something for you—and I doubt you’ll have a problem with this part—or when something isn’t working for you. I’m not psychic, and I have a tendency to get caught up in my own projects, so if you don’t say something, I won’t know. Speaking of which, I doubt Fury told you about groups like the National Association for Submissives’ Rights, but if you feel you’re being mistreated, you get in touch with these guys,” he said, and it was like throwing down a gauntlet.
Stark would come with him. They were going to discuss his health. The nurse and doctor would both be touching him. He and Stark had just contracted. It would have been strange if Stark
Probably.
Steve
, his loud growls rumbling against Steve’s back, and Steve whispered, “Oh fuck,” as Tony began knotting him.
“I didn’t know you cooked,” he said, impressed.
Steve hunches down slightly and has to resist the urge to pull the sheet up higher. There’s literally no one else in the office.
He wanted to say that he tried to pay attention, but it would’ve been a lie. Ten minutes later, he still had no idea what was playing, and he didn’t care. He didn’t bother Tony, however, didn’t move all over the place, or sigh, or drum his fingers, or do anything else to express his impatience. He did take several deep, calming breaths, though. If Tony wanted to use this time to actually watch the movie, even though he had a naked and willing Steve on top of him, then who was he to complain?
“I didn’t know you were back in town,” he said and hoped he didn’t look as flustered as he felt.
“Then you two were still contracted during the Battle of New York.”
Of course, it was only after Thor had been toppled to the ground by magic that Loki had explained it wasn’t necessarily a feat of
Which was part of the problem, because Steve wanted to reciprocate—very much so, as a matter of fact—but now it felt there was even more pressure for that to happen, even if it was all in his own head. He wanted to do it—he wanted to
“I’m saving it for later.”
“You were drinking. All the time.”
“Oh fuck, oh, Steve,” he hears dimly, but he doesn’t really understand what Tony’s saying, his body jerking as wave after wave of sensation rolls through him, not even pleasure—or at least, not
“Big man in a suit of armor. Take that off, what are you?” he asked, using his height to loom over Tony.
He takes a very
“As a matter of fact, I can tie two cherry stems into knots
They kept bumping into walls and tables as they made their way to his bedroom, even heard something shatter at some point, but Tony didn’t let Steve pull away, didn’t care about the collateral damage because he needed to have Steve now.
“Steve,” Tony said, and the way his face fell was further proof that Steve had to go through with this.
“He spent the night in his bedroom.”
“Because I will pay you tons and tons of money?”
It’s not long before he realizes the problem he’s created for himself, though.
deserve—is for us to be as open with each other as we can. Don’t we?” Tony asked imploringly. “You can tell me if you want to end things, if-if it’s too much, if I’m …” He swallowed the rest of that sentence down. “But you can also tell me if you want to stay. There’s no wrong answer, Steve, I promise. I just need to know.”
want me to bring?” Tony asked again, once he’d given Steve time to calm and slow everything down.
“I didn’t say a word.”
It’d been a long time since anyone had tried to defend him.
Besides, he’s already kept him later than he’d intended, and doesn’t he owe it to him to do whatever he can to hasten things along now? “Yeah, that’s fine. I don’t mind.”
Tony's eyes gleam for a moment like he knows exactly what Steve's thinking, but then he's back to business.  "Just sometimes, huh?  Didn't the army teach you to be a good little soldier?"
He moaned at the thought, the sound coming out thick and garbled by saliva, and Tony stuttered, saying, “Yeah, keep doing that,” as his thrusts came a little faster.
.  As if losing everyone he had known and loved was something he needed to
Except Tony’s lips pull down at the corner, his expression losing some quality that Steve can’t define, and even though he says, “Oh. Yeah. Of course, I didn’t mean to keep you so long,” Steve knows he can’t leave it like this. Tony thinks he’s making up an excuse to finish their date early, completely out of the blue, and there’s a huge part of Steve that’s howling in protest.
But now—
didn’t have a rule like that for himself. Steve had assumed at the time that was because Tony wouldn’t hesitate to let him know in vulgar and explicit detail all the things he expected Steve to do. Like with so many other things, however, Steve had been wrong.
For my “mind control” (cap_ironmang bingo) and “not really dead” (avengers_tables) squares.  Title from the poem “Do Not Stand at My Grave and Weep” by Mary Elizabeth Frye.
“Tony,” Steve said, panting like he’d run a hundred miles at full speed. The sounds his hands made as he worked himself were wet and filthy, his movements so much faster than before, and Tony wondered just how close Steve had been and if he would’ve remembered to ask for permission to come. Tony was almost disappointed he hadn’t waited to find out.
Steve, on the other hand, was horrible at flirting.  He didn’t believe in fake smiles, in acting coy, in being nice to someone with the sole purpose of eventually having sex.  He acted interested because he
he can feel it, it seems that he’s revealing a lot of other things instead.
I have to believe that you and Bruce escaped.  Even assuming you weren’t able to reach the suit, there’s no way Bruce would’ve been taken down by Them, and there’s even less chance that he’d leave without you.  I have to believe this, because the alternative is unthinkable.  I can’t picture a world without you in it.
She’d pointed out that Tony was on the news all the time, was linked with stars and musicians and Subs from all over, and it was always the same gossip of were they or weren’t they, and how long would it last this time? While Captain America would be recognized on the street, most people didn’t know who Steve Rogers was. Everyone, however, knew Tony.
“Why would you—?”
Still.  He glanced at his watch, estimating he had anywhere between twenty to thirty minutes before a very not-happy Fury himself came to kick him out.  Tony would have to do something big to make amends in order to keep from being tasered and left in a puddle of drool on the sidewalk outside.  He’d have to beef up SHIELD's firewalls for them, reveal how exactly he’d rigged all the cameras, maybe throw in a couple of million dollars’ worth of tech, who knew what, but it’d be so worth it.
Steve was too concerned with things like decorum and respecting other people’s property—or bodies in this case—to engage in a little nookie while they were waiting to see if their situation was reversible.  Seriously, it was amazing that the two of them had ever gotten together.
“I will,” he said, rough and hurried, and he felt like his head was spinning with everything Tony had said so far, but he needed to make sure Tony knew that much. “I promise.”
It hit him then that he didn’t actually know what Tony had been planning to tell him. He knew what he’d both feared and hoped Tony would say, but maybe Steve had been putting words into his mouth. Maybe Tony had just intended to reassure him that even though he didn’t love him, he still cared about him a great deal.
.  “I told him not to do it.”
“You think I’m referring to an orgasm. You gave me one; I should give you one back. Yeah, I’m not very hung up on reciprocity,” he said, and Steve jerked when Tony let go of his hair to rub at his nipple through his shirt.
Things would’ve been easier in many ways if Tony had actually agreed to punish him that first night, because then, at least, Steve could have admitted what he’d done wrong, atoned for it, and been forgiven. He would’ve still carried around his guilt for what he’d done, but it wouldn’t have been as bad.
It hadn’t dismissed the anger, but Stark’s rambling had given Steve time to contain it. At least until after his time on the computer was up, because he hadn’t wanted to lose his chance to learn about modern life by blowing up at Stark and having it rescinded, especially since Stark hadn’t
Tony captured his wrist instead, pulling his arm further behind him so he had to arch his back. It wasn’t a harsh grip, and Steve knew he could easily get free if he wanted—but he didn’t want that, and his breathing quickened as he stared down at Tony, his other hand curling against Tony’s shirt.
He’d just have to do both.
He didn’t need to restrain himself anymore, though. Not if Steve … not
ready, Steve shooting off less than two seconds later. Tony worked him through it, though, stroking his cock for real, even if he probably didn’t give it the attention it deserved. He was too caught up in the way Steve kept clenching around him, the aftershocks of his orgasm lasting for so long that if Tony had been there for his most recent climax, he would’ve thought it’d been weeks since Steve had one.
And while he knew that intellectually, it wasn't their fault—except for those five, of course, and they were lucky he’d just had them sent to the Heat Tank versus jail—Omegas were just bad news.
It’s the first time he’s ever seen Dr—
What was more surprising was the image that followed on the coattails of that thought. For a brief moment, he could see it himself, and he panicked, scrambling to erase the image, but only succeeded in altering it enough so he was no longer in the picture. It was just Stark beneath some faceless stranger.
—would be required of him. It was, after all, the only thing Stark would be getting out of the deal until the end of the three months, and Stark seemed the type to believe in immediate gratification.
Steve nodded, although no one was looking at him, and he curled his fingers around the edge of the shield, waiting.
There’s no reason for that to affect him the way it does, but when Steve says, “Yes, please,” it’s nearly a sigh.
Tony didn’t offer him the chance, however; he simply leaned back and hummed, a happy, pleased sound that calmed Steve more than he would’ve thought possible. Maybe Tony could tell, because he smiled wider and reached out to gently tousle Steve’s hair.
The other Steve Rogers, however, is different.  His mother had been hit by some type of alien ray on the way to the hospital to give birth, so he’s had all his abilities from the moment he was born.  Super strength, faster healing, the only big difference it seems between the two of them is that he can fly.  Which means he spends a lot of time in the air with Tony.
“The wider your legs get, the faster and deeper the dildo will go. Up to a certain point, of course. All you have to do if you want to slow things down or need a break is to push your legs closed. Do you understand?”
*hides*
Steve should be extremely concerned that he’s waking up next to a man whose voice he doesn’t recognize.  The guy doesn’t
Things went on this way for a few years, and Steve decided he should start to date. He hadn’t thought anyone could live up to Peggy, but then he’d met Tony. He didn’t think anyone could live up to Tony either, but who knew? Maybe it was time he let the both of them go.
The rest of him didn’t want to ever move again, wanted to soak up Tony’s touch for as long as he could, as much as he could, because he knew he wouldn’t ever get it again.
Silence had never been so loud before.
“I can’t use your personal blankets,” he says, but it’s a lie and too late anyway, and it’s not like Steve isn’t halfway wondering if he can smuggle one out without Dr. Stark knowing. Dr. Stark just pats him on the shoulder.
Dr. Doom and Tony, I swear.”
He realizes he’s going a little overboard when he’s fluffing his pillows for the third time—although looking back, he hadn’t really needed to deep-clean his oven—but he can’t help it. He’s spent the past few days looking forward to the date an entirely appropriate amount, he feels, but now that there’s little more than an hour to go, it’s like he’s being attacked by a lifetime supply of nerves all at once.
breaths.  He didn’t need Steve’s approval.  He didn’t even want it.
to, Tony. I never meant to hurt you,” he said. As if that made it better somehow.
“You can come whenever you want,” Tony said, winking at him, and then pushed into Steve steadily as Steve tensed and moaned, not stopping until he was as deep as he could go.
“I’m glad,” Dr. Saunders said, and Steve deflated, his shoulders slumping.
Captain
But whatever the circumstances that had led them there, Tony had accepted responsibility for Steve, and it was time he faced up to that fact. Steve was his now. And the vague plans he’d had of pretty much ignoring him and letting him do what he wanted until their contract was over were no longer feasible. He didn’t know what he
He did step forward, though, until he was almost brushing Tony’s knees.
not when he was around since it’d make mutually ignoring it that much harder later on, and if that meant pushing Steve a little bit harder than necessary, so be it. “How do you feel about about going up against the suit for our workout today? Great!” he said, not waiting for an answer. “I’ll meet you at the elevator in thirty minutes,” he told him and firmly closed the door before Steve’s heels had even touched the ground.
He’s going to miss this.
but still feel so, so good.
JARVIS directs him to the nearest florist, and luckily, it’s next to a restaurant with an actual parking lot. Convenient, and besides, he’s only going to be a couple of minutes; no one’s going to notice.
When he finally pulled back, he was gratified to see Bruce blink and lick his lips, seemingly without realizing he was doing it.
“Oh yeah, that was kind of weird, wasn’t it? They kept clumping around my face for some reason,” Tony said, wiggling his fingers next to his cheek. “I never could them to stop. Ah well, you win some, you lose some,” Tony said, shrugging. “So tell me about the mission. How did it go?”
Stark didn’t move after the door closed, not for a long time, and Steve took his cue from him, staying on the table, even though he wanted nothing more than to get down. He could be patient, though, if Stark needed him to be.
It’s not like he’s going to get the chance to do it again. Steve hasn’t been been awake for even a full year yet, and Tony knows it’s just a matter of time before he finds someone, someone kind and funny and gorgeous with a knot big enough to make Steve—
It made him angry that Tony didn’t take care of himself better, that he only had JARVIS around to watch over him when JARVIS enabled his bad habits. It made him angrier that Tony had hidden this from him, even though he knew he was being unfair, because Tony had probably restrained himself for Steve’s sake, so he wouldn’t be left alone. But what made him angriest of all was that the Steve from before wouldn’t have even cared if Tony had locked himself away for hours on end, would’ve preferred it in fact. If Tony
there was a slim possibility he could get it all back.
ETA: This is now a full fic
“We could,” he said hoarsely, leaning forward just to feel Tony keeping him back, and he pressed into Tony’s fingers, wanting him to pinch harder. “We could try that.”
He doesn’t understand how he’d gotten desensitized to his own smell.
Until it isn't anymore, the speculum sliding out of him with another gush of slick that no longer seems sexy at all, and Steve feels cold and small as Dr. Stark turns off the lamp and moves away, peeling his gloves off.
Not that Tony would ever get to do more than appreciate how aesthetically pleasing he was, even if Steve had agreed to pretty much any kind of sex Tony had wanted—his eyes staring flatly at the wall as Nick had listed option after option and Steve had replied with a monotone “yes” time and time again until he’d sounded like a bad porn track.  Tony really wasn’t a big aficionado of duty-driven sex, however, no matter how pretty he thought Steve would look spread-eagled on his bed, eyelashes wet and clumped together from sexual frustration, a cock ring keeping him ready for however Tony wanted to use him.
They’d never actually held hands in public before.
“Hug me back, damn it,” he rasped, and Steve did, wrapping his arms around Tony with a shudder and curving into him.
Stark was just doing what he was expected to do too. It wasn’t his fault.
“There’s a chance you piss yourself at some point today,” Tony said matter-of-factly, and Steve’s whole body felt hot as he flushed red. “Your body will get confused, and I’m already going to be trying to push you past what you think you can take, and if it happens, I’m not going to stop, although I will clean you up. It’s not a goal, by any means, and assuming you’re able to control yourself, whenever we take a break, I’ll give you the opportunity to piss, but I want you to be aware of the possibility. Also, when I say I’m giving you an opportunity, I don’t mean I unstrap you and you walk to the bathroom. I mean I’ll provide a bottle that I’ll hold the whole time, and I’ll aim your cock for you, and when you’re done, I’ll take the bottle away.”
Steve says something else in his own language again, voice hushed and almost reverent, and then he nuzzles Tony’s cheek. “My soulmate.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered, and Tony tensed but didn’t move away. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he said over and over again, and Tony let it wash over him, keeping it for later.
“Don’t even think about it, Stark.”
“Now remember, you can still safeword. I
Do you guys remember how 4 chapter ago, I said there were less than 4 chapters to go? *Sigh* Yeah, I remember that too.
They stumbled over each other’s feet, and Steve twisted as they fell back against the wall, making sure he took the brunt of the impact. He couldn’t stand the idea of Tony getting hurt, not even so much as a bruise.
It was the pain in Tony’s voice that finally reached him, that made him realize how selfish he was being, once again.
“No!” Tony said, turning to smile brightly at Steve. What the hell. Steve wasn’t the vindictive type. He didn’t think. And besides, in for a penny, in for a pound. He took a big bite.
“Yes, but you weren’t—” Tony cut himself off, but Steve could fill in the rest of sentence himself. “Besides,” Tony said, squeezing gently, in apology perhaps for the words he hadn’t said, or in an effort to comfort Steve, “I like to perform my own experiments, especially when it’s this important.”
“Hmm, well, there are actually a lot of things that can mess with a heat cycle, stress, not getting enough sleep, meeting someone highly compatible—” Dr. Stark laughs at the look Steve makes. “I know, I know, it sounds odd, but biology can be very powerful, and occasionally, the body wants something without any input from the brain. Sometimes, however, and it’s unlikely in your case, especially considering how young you are, but sometimes these symptoms can be an indication of something serious, so that’s why you’re here. Okay, why don’t we head into the back and get started? No need to keep either of us here any later than necessary.”
Tony didn’t look up.
But if Tony didn’t want to beat him and didn’t like doing it, then there was no chance in hell that Steve was going to ask him to.
He spent some time just petting Steve and telling him how well he'd done, easing Steve down and letting Tony keep touching him. After all of that, he was achingly hard, but there were more important things to tend to, like Steve's knees, which, since Tony had just been on the ground himself, he was sure needed a break, so he helped Steve turn until he was sitting on the bench. Once he was certain Steve was more comfortable, he turned the rest of the spray toward him so he’d be warm, and then he sat next to him, pressed to his side, slowly stroking his thigh while he rubbed the fingers of his right hand together, remembering how it felt to have Steve squeeze tight around them.
For their first time anyway. Steve can see all sorts of ways that could be fun once they’d been together longer.
Which is … which is the
“Well, when did you tell him.”
was implied, but it wasn’t as if Steve had much choice.
He felt Tony undo strap after strap, each metallic
“Mr. Stark has been working for the past thirty eight hours.”
“Mr. Stark is ready for you now, Mr. Rogers,” JARVIS said, and Steve was out the door before he’d finished saying his name.
The company florist does
Steve faltered. “You didn’t?” he asked, and Tony had no idea how to read his expression.
that we’d then put in the home where we lived
“I can’t—” For
“Like strange how,” Tony said, and he picked up a screwdriver off his workbench, tapping it on the surface just to give his hands something to do.
Tony looked almost as bad as he had before they’d sat down, whatever progress he’d made gone.
And now he couldn’t help but wonder, what if there had been other times Steve had wanted to stop, but Tony just hadn’t noticed?
“I don’t want to leave!” he said, needing Tony to know that much, not sure how Tony had decided that in the first place.
“Not as well as I’d like, that’s true,” she said, and it was impossible to tear his eyes away from hers, “but I do know that much.”
wasn’t in the right headspace?
“Well, look on the bright side. At least it’s free mediocre food,” Steve says and wonders at the snort Tony lets out.
.  What kind of quack geneticists does SHIELD employ—?”
Since I'm taking an indefinite break from writing Stony, have some fic I never finished. I've got like 2 or 3 more of these I'll post.
“Look at me,” Stark commanded, and Steve didn’t know what else to do but obey.
about.
What he’d failed to consider, however, was that he had a Dom now, and that meant that if he had an appointment, then Stark had an appointment too.
take advantage of Steve like that, the list went on and on. Although how likely was it that Steve would’ve believed him? (And he couldn’t stop the thought that Pepper was wrong; that Tony was the
He murmured Tony’s name helplessly, reaching back to grab a handful of fur as the pleasure rocked through him in endless waves, surging and cresting higher and higher, and he didn’t realize he was coming until he felt hot splashes hit his chest, his cock jerking in the air, and Tony let out a rumble of what sounded suspiciously like satisfaction.
The coffee shop wasn’t that far away, but it felt like it was, the distance stretching out further and further with each step they took. It was the only excuse Steve had for why it took him so long to notice that he hadn’t let go of Tony’s hand once they’d gotten out of the elevator; that he was still clinging to him and that Tony had done nothing to pull away.
“Steve, just because you refuse to download the messaging app doesn’t mean the rest of the world is stuck in the forties.”
?” Tony said, kind of annoyed, and put all his strength into it.
It’s easy to get lost in the kiss, in Steve’s strong hands and firm body, and he digs the fingers of his free hand into the damp skin of Steve’s hip, pulling him closer, as close as he could get.  It’s too easy really, and he has to jerk his arm back up when he realizes it’s starting to dip.
“What the
Also, for those of you who were worried, we're definitely going to hit 80K words. Maybe even 90K. Probably not 100K, though. >_> *is hopeful*
Steve’s eyes searched his, and whatever he saw there made him sigh and smile tiredly. “Alright,” Steve said, and he accepted the towel Tony handed him, his fingers brushing against Tony’s.
“Wait, wait, I had to borrow these since I was in my gear. Let me just—”
For the “Body swapping” square of my cap_ironman bingo card.
Or how much it bothered him to see Tony flirt with someone else.
Steve is—he’s in a class of his own, and Tony can’t even explain why, just knows it’s true.
the base without accompaniment, and is that what you really want?  To have to request in writing a chaperone every time you want to leave?  Not to mention the fact that you’d have to apply days in advance so we could put it on someone’s schedule, in addition to the very real possibility that you could be turned down due to lack of availability or because someone decides your request isn’t important enough to permit.”
Not that there’s anything
Coffee …? Yes, he did, he thought, his heart lifting slightly at the realization. Strong and black first thing in the morning, although later on in the day, Tony might add some cream and sugar as a poor meal replacement and for the quick energy boost.
You can find it
Stark let out a huff of air, slapping his hands on his thigh like he’d come to some sort of decision, and stood up. “I’ve got a few phone calls to make. I’ll be back in a bit.”
He shifted in his seat, glancing at Tony and then away.
That wasn’t actually a bad thought.
He honestly didn’t know who was more startled by the moan Steve made then, although from the expression on Steve’s face, it might have been Steve.
Fucking useless.
“What have you been up to?” Steve asked, and then immediately wondered if he sounded half as accusing as he thought he did, even though he’d meant it innocently. He wished he could dispel the suspicion lurking in the back of his mind, wished it’d never become an issue in the first place.
Tony still hadn’t told him what to do with his hands.  And if he hadn’t, didn’t that mean Steve could do whatever he wanted with them? Especially if all he’d be doing was more of what Tony had asked for in the first place?
“Send me the feed,” he said, pulling out his phone. He intended to just take a quick peek and gauge Steve’s mood before braving the lion’s den. He didn’t expect to catch him sitting on the couch, however, staring out at nothing, defeat etched in every line of his body.
Although, how could he really know? Maybe in the same way that Steve hadn’t believed he could use his safeword, he also felt like he couldn’t be the one to end—
He rubbed his hands over Steve’s back, and when that didn’t seem to help, he bent over and hugged Steve as much as he could, grimacing at the pull but ignoring it in favor of giving what comfort he could.
Steve lets out a sob when his left knee buckles, and he has to lurch forward to catch himself. The vibrator slips out, it’s buzzing getting louder as a result, but the sound doesn’t cover Steve’s breathless, “I’m sorry,” and Tony shushes him, tells him there’s nothing to be sorry for.
“Look at me,” Tony said, and Steve did, his sight made blurry by the tears that Tony had predicted obscuring his vision. Nothing hurt, but the tears had come anyway, and it made him feel helpless for Tony to see him this way, made his thighs clench together as his cock pulsed and dripped while he kept doing his best to please Tony.
by him, as a way to get off, as a place to put his come, has Steve groaning and clenching around Tony’s cock again and again, as if desperate to show him how good he could be if Tony would only give him the chance.
“You’re going to be late getting back,” Tony said, his voice coming out embarrassingly rough, but that was fine, because Steve needed to know how much he affected him, no matter how much it exposed Tony in the process.
Tony hadn’t known what to expect from brunch.
“No!”
“Sorry, you just feel so good,” Tony said lightly, and it was fine. He was fine. “I didn’t expect you to come so soon,” he said, and it wasn’t much of a leer, but it accomplished what he wanted. Steve was beautiful when he blushed like that, but Tony couldn’t find it in him to appreciate it as much as he should’ve.
He tried to compartmentalize his thoughts. There was so much to take in, so many things he should ask about Loki and the Tesseract.
“I just . . .”
How’s he supposed to keep his poor heart safe?
,” he said at last, wishing he’d never opened his damn mouth, but refusing to keep quiet because he wouldn’t hurt Steve again, not if he could help it. “It’s about doing what’s right.”
“Sorry,” he said, stopping the motion.
He’d been ready a lot earlier than that, truth be told, but by 7:59am, he was standing with his forehead against his door, his hand inches away from the handle.
, Steve thought—hoped—the once firm foundation of his assumptions made shaky by the defeat on Tony’s face. But the turmoil and anger of the past few days were too great to ignore, and what he found himself saying was, “Yes.”
“The drugs—”
His eyes snapped up. “To visit Peggy? Of course I am!”
“Oh, sorry,” Dr. Stark says, raising his voice, and Steve wishes again that he could see his face instead of the drape. “I asked if you have anywhere you have to be after this. I know we started late—”
Tony almost never takes off his ring, not to do dishes, or work in his lab, or shower, or make love to Steve. He fiddles with it throughout the day, twirling it absentmindedly around his finger, and Steve’s caught him staring at it more than once, his thoughts obviously far away.
He blinked once slowly. Twice.
so much—he had to close his eyes for a second, tried to swallow down the grief—but he was back in his own time now, and it’d be easy to find Peggy, to hold her close and live out the rest of his days with her, to do all the things he’d hoped to do the first time around.
-----
“You never did explain why the two of you chose to go your separate ways.”
It wasn’t as if Steve hadn’t known Stark liked to switch upon occasion. It’d been there in his file, laid out alongside everything else.
“Yes,” Steve said, but he couldn’t imagine wanting Tony to stop. It was all he could do not to ask him to hurry, his breath already coming faster, even though they hadn’t done anything yet.
Tony’s eyes search his, and whatever he sees there makes him smile warmly.
The latter was spiteful of him, he knew, especially considering how little Stark had actually done to earn that reaction. That could change at any second, of course, and Steve wouldn’t be surprised if Stark
He hesitated.
Steve squeezed his cock so tightly that each slide of his hand hurt, and he bowed off the bed as he came, teeth gritted, his whole body shaking again and again.
say, because he honestly hadn’t thought about the consequences to Tony of what had happened besides assuming he’d be brought in for questioning and monitored in case Steve contacted him. Steve never dealt with this side of SHIELD, just got the results of their investigations delivered to him in neat files, and it wasn’t that he hadn’t known the lengths they would go to in pursuit of keeping the world safe, he just hadn’t ever worried about it. “I’m sor—
Still, he’s alive, and Tony discards the half-formed idea he had of taking him to Bruce’s lab and dissecting him. He can always revisit it if the Angel doesn’t get better, maybe save some of the more choice bits for eating. He wonders how Angels taste. He’d discovered that humans are just meh after a shipwreck once, but he hasn’t let his tentacles touch the body in front of him to get much of a sense of flavor.
It made Tony glad that he’d already gotten his orgasm out of the way, because it left him clear headed enough to be able to explore as much as he wanted. Not to say he was unaffected by Steve’s nakedness and proximity, by Steve’s reactions to his touch and the thoughts of what he’d like to do to the him. But who knew how much time he’d have left with Steve now that they’d started to have sex, how long he’d get before Steve decided he’d had enough and wanted to move on? So Tony had to memorize the feel of smooth, heated skin over shifting muscle as he washed him while he still could, the sounds Steve made and the sight of the soap running in trickles down his back. The clock had started ticking down, and Tony needed to hoard every second to his chest to dwell over later when Steve was gone.
“Attractive and smart. How did I get to be so lucky?” she asked, and Steve found himself smiling at their easy banter.
He should’ve read Steve better. Paid more attention. Should’ve cared more about Steve than his own damn feelings, especially since he’d known Steve was already having a hard time. But for the past day and a half, he’d been too fixated on doing this one last thing for Steve, on fulfilling his final duty as Steve’s first Dom and putting him through different types of punishment so he could figure out what did or didn’t work for him before he moved on.
, Tony, please, please,” Steve said, chanted almost, “please let me come.”
“Why? Because of who I am?” he asked dismissively, and he had never regretted taking the serum, but sometimes he regretted what had resulted indirectly from it.
Okay, he’s definitely going to get distracted if he keeps going down that road. He thinks he knows what Tony’s doing, and while there’s a not insignificant part of him that wants to go along with it, wants to go along with whatever Tony wants to do to him, it’s also unnecessary. He’d be incredibly happy to let things proceed the way they had been before he’d showered. “You don’t have to do this.”
The Avengers could make do without him, had been fine without him for a while now, and Bucky—
“No, really,” she insisted when he didn’t say anything. “You didn’t notice, but this morning at breakfast, he looked at you when Happy started fawning all over him and another time just as we were leaving.”
“Can you imagine how uncomfortable that’d be after a while? After the first orgasm even. You’re all finished and so, so sensitive, but it doesn’t stop. It doesn’t even slow down. It just keeps fucking you, over and over again, and you just have to lie there and take it, because there’s nothing you can do. And eventually it starts feeling good again, slowly but surely, but you know that it’s just going to be worse the next time,” Tony said, and Steve was barely able to hold back a shiver at his words, at the image they were painting in his mind. “So maybe you try to keep it together. As long as you don’t orgasm, it’ll still feel good, right? So maybe you squirm around a little so it’s not getting you just right, or you try to concentrate really hard on the itch on your foot in order to distract you, but eventually, you can’t fight it anymore, and that’s the second orgasm. But what about the third one, or the fourth? Because there’s going to be another one and another one after that; my design won’t get tired, after all, won’t get bored—although, who would in this case—so it doesn’t matter how long you can stand it. I would wreck you,” Tony said, his fingers brushing against Steve’s throat as Tony pulled his hand away, making Steve swallow convulsively.
-----
Steve sighed, but he followed Tony as he surveyed the other offerings in the store.
“What do you mean?” he asked, because he was pretty sure he knew by the tone of Steve’s voice what he was insinuating, but he was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt—actually no, he just wanted to give him enough rope to hang himself.
“Me? I was just standing there, minding my own business—”
He didn’t know when he’d started wanting Tony.  When he thought about it, which he did more frequently than he’d like, he couldn’t pinpoint a time or an occasion that had cemented it for him, hadn’t even realized what was happening until it’d been too late.  Maybe if he had, he could’ve guarded against it, spent less time with Tony, protected his heart better, done
“I don’t really … know how long exactly, but—” Steve licked his lips, his body language tense and unhappy, and Tony watched as he came to some sort of resolution, his shoulders lifting up rigidly. “But I only realized how I felt a few days ago. The n-night I came back.”
“Hi, Tony,” Steve says, wearing clothes that Tony definitely did
-----
“Yes, a heightened interest in food and sex isn’t surprising. Your body is still adjusting to all the changes it’s been through, although I would suggest the next time you transform into a wolf, you should have—”
“A little busy right now, Steve,” Tony said as he walked briskly past the counter where Steve was sitting, eating lunch.  He was careful to steer a wide berth around Steve’s seat so there was no danger of hearing anything he didn’t want to hear, although he did catch a glimpse of Steve’s half-eaten sandwich, making Tony’s stomach growl.  He hadn’t eaten breakfast yet, let alone lunch.  Or dinner from yesterday, come to think of it.  Or lunch from yesterday for that matter.  No wonder he was starving.
Except it really wasn’t.
Thrusting doesn’t come naturally to him, but he just has to remind his body of the motions. He’s been told that it feels better if he does one hectocotylus at a time to start out with, so he alternates them, fucking them into him slowly as Steve moans and clenches around him. He doesn’t realize the tentacle in Steve’s cock is mimicking the motion until he notices another spurt of flavor and realizes he’s tasting much more than he used to be. Steve isn’t protesting, however, and he feels even harder in Tony’s grip than he was when they began, but Tony still asks, “Is this alright? Steve? Is this alright, beautiful?”
-----
He stood up and slowly started unbuttoning his shirt, just in case . . . what? Tony didn’t want to see him naked? He had no idea, but he started slowly for whatever reason and then never sped up, because Tony was
Except Tony had said he wanted to do this.
He blames Steve completely.  It’s his fault for being so good-looking and funny and kind and hell, stubborn and opinionated and sexy—did he mention the sexy?  Because damn.
Once, he hadn’t known what he wanted, had heard Tony imply that he might have feelings for him but had denied it as some sort of mistake right after. It’d been a cold comfort to him that he’d never heard the words outright from Tony.
He doubted Steve was even seeing a therapist anymore, now that he thought about it, or if he was, he never talked about it or kept any kind of regular schedule. Tony forgot sometimes how much Steve had left behind to be with him, and while it was all still there for when Steve went back, it had been a big sacrifice all the same. Steve had never gone into any of it with the intention of hurting him, Tony knew, and he felt guilty for the momentary spike of bitterness from before, especially since he’d accepted the consequences of them being together a long time ago.
Steve swallowed, thinking again about Tony’s fingers curling around his throat, about how at ease Tony had been, sitting above him.
“I can help—”
“Why,” Tony said, finding the energy somehow to wipe at the bit of drool at the corner of his mouth, “giving up so soon?”
At last! The move is done! I've been without internet for like a week now--the HORROR--and to celebrate being connected again, here, have some unfinished fic. :)
“Yes! I’m so sorry I’m late!” Steve says right before someone pops out around the corner and—
“What do you mean, someone I’m serious about?”
“At least, before you explained. I thought you were still angry with me. I know how much I screwed everything up, Tony. I know some of it’s unforgivable.” He could feel the tears welling up again, and fuck. He just wanted to get through this.
“Steve—”
Steve means to say something, but he still can’t seem to get a word out, and by the time he swallows and tries again, Dr. Stark is already stepping into the hallway.
But that’s for later.  He refuses to get all maudlin before Steve has even left.
“He looked at you once for support and once for approval.”
“So I put a bag in the master bedroom while you were looking around. If you’d like, I can go in with you and help you get ready, otherwise, I’ll let you do it yourself. Which would you prefer?” Tony asked, squeezing his hands gently.
sorry,” Steve says in the silence that follows because what else is there to say? Steve’s always been like this, but he’s never been like
-----
“Really, Smallville?” It wasn’t the annoyance in Bruce’s voice that made Clark freeze as he started to pull back but the resignation. “I shouldn’t be surprised—”
Especially with Tony just sitting there. Looking at him.
want. It was typically one of the first things he ever did when he was with a new Sub, but there was no point, not yet anyway, not when Steve had already made it clear he didn’t trust him and had no reason to confide in him.
He hadn’t wanted to come live with Stark, it was true. He hadn’t wanted to, and he hated the necessity and the reason behind it; but he could admit to himself if to no one else that he didn’t want to be sent back either.
The fucking machine, though, ohhh, he was definitely going to enjoy that.
“I don’t think he did it on purpose,” she conceded, “but it’s a start, right? Maybe he doesn’t trust you yet, but you’re becoming familiar enough that he’s beginning to rely on you.”
“Is that—is that what you really think of me?” Tony asked, his voice cracking.
“No, don’t tense up now. Let me in,” Dr. Stark orders, thrusting, all but battering his hand against Steve’s poor hole, and Steve tears up at the thought of disappointing him. He tries, he tries to relax, but Dr. Stark keeps rubbing and shoving into him, every thrust sending shocks through his body, each one stronger than the last.
But there’s barely a wobble in Tony’s stride, annnnd now Steve’s thinking about Tony’s dangerously thick thighs and invitingly broad chest, and okay, there’s the very real possibility that he’s going to have to steam clean his carpet if they don’t start walking faster. Tony just feels so good against him, completely clothed while Steve’s virtually naked—although it’d be so easy for Tony to tug on the towel and correct that, to tell Steve he needs to see everything and that the towel is in his way, that he—
Did he mind? Did he mind that he’d basically flashed Dr. Stark with his nipples as soon as he’d met him and that Dr. Stark had remarked on how swollen they were and that the thought of Dr. Stark actually touching them makes Steve’s thighs clench together and humiliation run through his veins?
Tony glared at Fury.  “I have seven doctorates to my name, but if I had the time right now, I would get another one in Genetics just to—”
?  More than once?
“As for bathroom breaks, I’ll give you time to yourself in the bathroom every morning. There are enema kits in there, and I advise you to use one, because once the mittens go on, they don’t come off until it’s time to go to bed. That means if you have to go later in the day, I’ll be going into the bathroom with you and handling any cleanup.”
“Unfortunately, as I’ve already explained to you, Captain, military regulations require that Subs who have seen combat or experienced traumatic situations
“As my puppy, you’re going to crawl on the floor at all times. No standing.”
wrote a fantastic companion piece to this fic:
“I just … I didn’t feel like I could tell you that night, because I didn’t deserve to, not after hurting you so much. I know I still don’t,” he said, and Tony shook his head, wanting to tell  him he was wrong, but speaking was beyond him. “But I can’t keep saying nothing.”
But all he does is nod and manage a semblance of a smile, pulling his robe around him and lowering the sheet over his legs, his ass empty and faintly throbbing and Dr. Stark halfway across the room. The shame from everything he’s done finally catches up with him, and there's a reason Steve hates his checkup so much.
He hadn’t. The thought of his first time being with someone who had no interest in his submission as anything other than his due was abhorrent, even if he’d already given his consent. He was grateful Stark had kept his distance.
“You refused to see anyone and just holed yourself up in your house.”
“Can you unbutton your jeans?” he asked, quite levelly, he thought. He could probably have Tony lie down at this point so he could stand up and pull off the jeans by the bottoms of the legs, but as he looked up at Tony, he decided there was no need to make things harder on themselves. He was fine where he was.
with this guy, and Tony had the strongest urge to get away, to leave as fast as his truck could take him, no matter if it meant abandoning all his things and running off without even saying goodbye to the people who’d taken care of him when he’d stumbled into town, alone and penniless.
But why now? Tony wanted to ask. What had prompted Steve to come back to New York nearly a year later? If he’d really missed him so much, why hadn’t he missed him before? Where had he been when Tony had needed him?
And then the words themselves registered and Steve froze.
. But Tony continued to focus on his work instead, and Steve could feel his eyes starting to burn as Tony ignored him and ignored him.
Tony finds himself swallowing and rubbing his tongue against his teeth and top of his mouth, like he’s chasing after the flavor, even though it’s physically impossible since he’s only getting the echo from what his tentacles are touching. It’s a little embarrassing, but there’s no one to witness it, so whatever.
Steve’s eyes fluttering like that were a work of art, and Tony didn’t look away as he heard Steve’s belt jingle, as Steve’s arm started moving rhythmically. Not that he didn’t love watching Steve masturbate, but the sight of his hollowed cheeks, flushed red with desire and a dose of humiliation … how could Tony possibly tear his eyes away?
“I don’t mind. I like . . . it here,” Steve said, a small pause in his words, but it wasn’t long enough for Tony to think he wasn’t being honest. Tony had never had a hard time keeping people entertained, and furthermore, it wasn’t like before. Back then, Steve hadn’t been working, they’d been newly contracted, and Tony hadn’t known how much Steve really wanted to interact with the modern world. Now, however, Steve choosing to stay at Stark Tower had to be because he wanted to and not because it was the only option available to him.
to give up. No matter what life threw at him, he always came back swinging and won. Captain America was larger than life, a symbol of everything Americans should be. He didn’t . . .
“You’re not my Dom anymore,” Steve said, and he hadn’t meant to be cruel, but from Tony’s expression, he had been anyway. It left him floundering.
He follows Tony around the different maps as they chat and wait for the rest of their normal group to get on. Wednesdays are for raiding, and everyone should be on by 11pm his time. He and Bucky are the only ones on the east coast, which means they have to stay up the longest, but they typically get through the whole thing in under an hour, so it’s not a problem. When he’d first started raiding, he’d spend 3-4 hours trying to finish and still not succeed, but now they have it down to an art.
His hands were trembling.
“C’mon, Steve, it’ll be fun!” Tony said, putting himself in Steve’s line of sight, as if not seeing it meant Steve didn’t know it was there.  “Yo, ho, ho, and a bottle of rum!”
"But—"
“I don’t,” Steve said, and Tony could hear the way he was trying to dredge up the anger from before. He finally looked over at him to see that Steve was standing now instead of hunched in on himself on the couch, shoulders squared back as he geared himself up for battle, and Tony acknowledged the relief that no matter how many cracks Steve had, he wasn’t quite broken.
“But the machine was mostly supposed to be a reward for how well you’ve been doing. For how good you’ve been trying to be for me,” Tony said, his fingers coming down to curl just under Steve’s chin, cradling his jaw. If Tony had exerted pressure for him to lift his head, he would’ve done it … but Steve was unbearably grateful that Tony didn’t as he struggled to hide the pain and the relief that flooded him at his words.
He might welcome death right now actually.
“Have you spoken to Mr. Stark—or any of the others since New York?” Dr. Saunders asked quietly.
“Hi, can I help you?” tall, blond, and handsome asks, and what are with those ridiculous arm muscles? Florists aren’t supposed to have biceps like that.
Not that he’d thought much of kindness in the beginning as he’d looked down at the blue, wrinkled infant, eyes the color of heart’s blood staring back at him.  Then, he’d been angry and bitter that duty required so much of him, certain that the marriage was a punishment for his father’s sins, for even if their union brought peace to their realms, it would mean ruin for him.
“Of course you do,” Nick said. “This isn’t the draft, and no one can deny that you’ve already served your country beyond what could be expected of anyone.”
“It is,” Tony said, and Steve shook his head, denying the finality in his voice.
“What about Rhodey?” he asked in a last-ditch effort to save his sanity.
What?
For the prompts "Near-death confessions" (cap_ironman bingo) and "relying on the enemy" (avengers_tables).
“At least you know what some of the danger signs are now, so something like this won’t happen again,” he said, squeezing him gently. He let out a long sigh, closing his eyes. “I can’t say it’s a good thing, but better that it happened here, with me, than with someone you’re serious about later on.”
Tony’s seen lots of gorgeous people in his life, of all shapes and kinds, but there’s something about his Angel …
"Fuck my life.  Why me?" Tony asked.
“I’ve got you,” he said again, calming his thrashing, and watched the last light fade from his eyes.
It felt a little odd to walk across the entire room with Tony just watching him, however, so much so that he started wondering if he always walked liked this, or were his arms swinging slightly further than usual, and why did he take such big steps? He made it to Tony without tripping over his feet, which he was grateful for, and he stopped a short distance away from him.
What had Tony been thinking to make him look like that?
,” Tony breathed, and Steve closed his eyes peacefully and kept going, curling around Tony’s fingers, tracing the lines along his palm, curving around the jut of Tony’s bones until the only thing left was the mild taste of Tony’s skin on his tongue, and only then did he reluctantly pull away.
Steve froze, not allowing himself to move, as if any movement would give him away.
to go out with me again?”
Tony started using his nails. Steve twitched, biting his lip. Why did Tony touching him there feel so good?
“Damn it.” That’s the last time he tries to fiddle with machinery while he’s driving. He means it this time.
Word count: 518
Steve keeps waiting for the other shoe to drop, because you don't have a conversation like that with Tony Stark and then think everything's going to be alright.  And sure enough, Tony starts making demands, ordering Steve around and watching expectantly, like he really thinks Steve's going to go along with it.
“So what does this mean?” he asked, his stomach churning.
No. No, he’d promised himself he wasn’t going to think like that anymore.
All the things he should’ve done, that he’d planned to do, that he’d done but too late to be of any use careened through his mind, and if he hadn’t already been dropping, they would’ve pushed him over.
“Director Fury simply wants to speak to you for a moment.  If you would be so kind as to—”
“Are you sure about that?”
that Steve wanted—and Steve realized he could ask but he hadn’t because—
“Or you can come inside instead,” he blurts out, knowing he shouldn’t, knowing he should show an ounce of self-control and let Tony leave so they can have a second first date and get to know each other better like they’d intended, but he can’t. He’s always been weak when it comes to Tony, and with every second he spends with him, his condition just gets worse.
“Of-of course not. I—” He faltered as Tony moved so he could rest his hand on Steve’s leg, and Steve didn’t mean to flinch at the contact, but he did.
More invasive than Dr. Stark’s hand halfway inside of him?
Funny enough, they had rarely argued when it was just the two of them, but here they were, acting like they were seconds away from going at each other’s throats. But there was something about having an audience—about having to play a
force him to do anything, and Tony definitely wasn’t one of them. In a battle of strength, Steve could win without even breaking a sweat, but here, in this situation—
Peggy, however, had said no.
It’s almost more than he can handle.
Tony’s fingers started lightly carding through his hair, and Steve tried to burn the moment into his memory, the feel of the carpet under his legs, the subtle scent of Tony’s cologne, the almost ticklish press of his fingers, wanting to keep them all for long after he was gone.
Tony enjoyed the stunned look on Steve’s face, probably a little too much really, but who could blame him? Steve and a fucking machine. A machine that Tony had built for him.
“So apparently the reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated,” it said, and Steve had to lock his knees to stay upright. Steve didn’t know why it caught him off guard, but hearing Tony’s voice after so long ….
struggling to deal with—swamping him again.
is he saying?
For the prompts “Writing format: documents” (cap_ironman bingo – last one didn’t count) and “in the future” (avengers_kink).  Just one more prompt to go.  Wow.
Steve jumps and slaps one hand over his mouth, but it’s too late to fully catch the moan before it escapes, and no, oh no.
. The words were teasing and condescending, and why wouldn’t they be? They were given to Steve when he was dressed up like a dog for performing the trick of being still, and even as a wave of humiliation flooded through him, Steve wanted Tony to say them again. Again and again until they were true because it wasn’t enough that Steve was trying. He just wanted to
“It was still just once when I was seeing Peggy,” Steve said, and he felt a pang at the thought of that period of his life, but the conversation was too strange to really dwell on it.
“Stored up a lot of aggression, didn’t you?”
Of course he has a date! Steve berates himself as he respawns. He has absolutely no clue what Tony looks like–although he thinks about it a lot, when he remembers something funny Tony had said earlier that day, when he’s alone and lonely–but Tony’s sly and charming and hilarious, and even if he’s not that attractive (although a person doesn’t have to be movie-star gorgeous to be attractive, Steve knows, and what does beauty matter anyway in comparison to what’s inside?), he’s still bound to have people who want to be with him.
Except when Steve glances uncertainly at Tony, the expression on Tony’s face isn’t amused or put off. If anything, it’s—
“Good,” Tony said, although it came out too heartily, as if he could compensate for how wooden Steve’s voice had become. He knew some Subs didn’t want a safeword, but he didn’t think Steve was one of them, especially considering how short a time they’d known each other.
And then he starts unbuttoning his shirt.
that that wasn’t Tony’s fault, that he’d brought himself to this point, and it wasn’t like he’d actually been waiting for that long. He’d had his orgasm, and then he’d taken a nap. And eaten dinner. But.
Like all omegas, he has bigger nipples than betas or alphas, and he’d been wrong: Dr. Stark’s smile did
thing—Steve needed to think about was Tony and his mouth and how good he was with it.
“You want me to do what?” Steve asked faintly, eyeing the . . . thing on the bed.
He’d stayed right where Tony had put him until Tony had finally let him go.
Steve had expected it to pass the mental tests as well, which it had, not only solving unbelievably complex math problems in a flurry of pen strokes that Steve wouldn’t have been able to copy if his life had depended on it but also correctly answering question after question about Tony’s personal life and the lives of those around him. The armor was perfect down to the very last detail, which meant the aliens or whatever had potentially gotten access to Tony’s private servers, so all the moments that they or anyone else had shared with Tony could very likely have been recorded and used as reference. With JARVIS and then KAREN afterward, they might not have had a truly private moment ever.
“You look like shit,” Pepper said, and Tony groaned, slouching down in his chair and letting his head loll back. “Seriously, you need to take better care of yourself, Tony.”
He hadn’t expected him to be . . . “kind” wasn’t the right word. Stark wasn’t a kind person. His jokes all seemed to be slightly barbed, and he didn’t try to ease Steve’s discomfort so much as smother it, and he ignored—no, he
He could always ask for another kiss. Asking had led to . . . wonderful things.
His mind went completely blank for a second as he stared down at the enema kit.
Welp, I was recently plagiarized. (Many, many thanks to Ella for bringing it to my attention) Same words except different fandom and different pairing. It's the second time that it's happened to me, and I still really don't know how to feel about it. I mean, it's kind of back-handed compliment, right? Although it's very annoying too. And I feel defensive about the fact that it didn't do as well in that other fandom--even though obviously the characterizations are different so it really
“Steve,” Tony said, shaking his head. “Steve, Steve, Steve. This isn’t for me. Well, okay, it is. But it’s mostly for you. Are you telling me you don’t want me to put you on your knees? You don’t want me force your mouth down on my cock?” he asked, his voice getting quieter and more serious with every word. “Don’t want me to choke you a little bit, until you can’t breathe and you’ve got tears dripping down your face? Because I’ve watched you,” he said, his hand moving from Steve’s nipple to his throat. Steve swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing under Tony’s palm. “And I think you’d feel cheated if I didn’t do that to you.”
“I didn’t draw the short straw. I just hated the idea of someone else saving you and being with you like that when I … I just want it to be me, if you’re okay with it. But if you’re not—”
But Tony still wasn’t looking at him.
“Tell me your safeword,” he said, and Steve looked surprised, but Tony had already told him once that safewords were for more than just the bedroom, and he wanted Steve to know he could use it now. Besides, he actually did want to introduce an element of D/s in their kiss, and Steve needed to know he could choose to say no.
Dr. Stark, whose gaze flicks down to the tent in the sheet and freezes there for a second, before moving back up to Steve’s face, and it’s all Steve can do not to cover his face in shame.
Tony stared and stared, not knowing what to say, not even sure he was hearing Steve right, let alone understanding him.
“Thank you.”  Tony drummed his fingers against his knee.  “In the interest of full disclosure, I should also probably warn you about the stripper poles.  Don’t worry though, I’ve told them no in-flight entertainment is needed today.”
“I know, I should have,” Steve said, reaching out to Tony, wanting him to understand. “I was going to, Tony, but then Nick was—”
Tony liked getting his ego stroked just as much as the next guy, and if he had to be labeled, it was nice to be labeled the right way.  But that hadn’t been what had gotten him to raise his eyebrows.  It’d been the
“Oh for—” He stuck the bottle under his arm and snagged Tony’s wrist, gently pulling his hand up until Tony’s face followed and they were looking each other in the eye. “Tony, food.”
And the
He blinks and realizes his head is a lot closer to the Angel’s head than it should be and that he’s slowed down a lot.
it be okay. “I get it, alright? It’s not how … .” Fuck, was he really going to do this?
“What are
commissioned this piece of gorgeous art by the incredibly talented
He rolled his eyes. “You could’ve just asked, you know. You didn’t have to go through all of this.”
Tony had nearly—
Steve clutches the blanket to his face, taking a deep breath of Dr. Stark’s scent. As Dr. Stark’s fingers try to wear down his resistance, he can’t help but think that he wouldn’t care if Dr. Stark knotted him on the first thrust as long as he promised to keep fucking him afterwards, that Steve would be happy just to be a warm place for Dr. Stark’s knot until he was ready to go again—
Steve loved him? It still didn’t make any sense.
“Really,” Clint said, glancing at Natasha and then back at him. “
It didn’t help that Tony kept withdrawing just when orgasm seemed within reach, pleasure turning into frustration and edging into pain as each touch promised fulfillment—and then left him hanging on the precipice over and over again.
So what had Tony been doing?
He sat on the edge of the couch, still holding Steve’s wrist, and tugged gently. “Will you get on your knees for me?”
“Two, you’re aware of the history, and while you’re impulsive and arrogant and all too frequently a pain in my ass—”
“Goodbye, Steve.”
He didn’t know what had been going through Tony’s mind afterwards, but it hadn’t been good. Steve could imagine Tony doubting the sincerity of his feelings, seeing it as a last-ditch effort to keep Tony from kicking him out, both then and now.
It took clinging to the “sweetheart” (How? How could Tony still be willing to call him that after everything?) to force himself to calm down, but even then, it was a near thing, and he couldn’t let himself think about anything other than obeying the “don’t cry, sweetheart,” because if he did, he knew he’d break down all over again.
“What, you think I’m proud of my performance last night?” Tony looked mock-offended. “I just sat there like a lump. Now, you said that you enjoyed it, but still. That couldn’t have been very fun for you.”
No amount of towels that Tony could’ve put down was ever going to save Steve’s bed.
“Hi, Steve,” Tony says, stopping a couple of feet in front of him, cheeks slightly flushed from the walk, the top couple of buttons of his shirt undone and no tie in sight. He’s gorgeous, and Steve has to stifle the small sigh that wants to slip out.
And Steve couldn’t control the hitch in his chest as he said, “You were-you were getting ready to-to leave me.”
“Are you sure?  Because I wouldn’t want to do anything that hasn’t been backed up with thorough testing.”  He could just feel Tony’s earnest gaze on him.  “It’s my life we’re talking about here.  I’m rather attached to it.”
even, his whole body feeling like he was going to burn to ash with mortification. He’d thought there wouldn’t be any danger of coming after being stuffed so full, that he’d do it just so Tony could see some of the lengths he’d go to to earn Tony’s forgiveness, but now Steve was starting to think there wouldn’t be a chance that he
It’s a struggle to clear his head, and Steve blinks up at the ceiling. His torso is balanced precariously halfway off the table, he realizes, and he’s trembling. Oddly enough, his legs are nearly straight instead of folded up, and he thinks he vaguely remembers kicking out as he came, wrenching the stirrups out of place.
He doesn’t, because it’s already a tight, tight squeeze inside of Steve, and he doesn’t want to hurt him, but maybe after Steve’s gotten used to taking more of him …
Bruce took a step forward, and it was all Clark could do to hold his ground. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see people looking at them, and he was sure there was a reason Bruce was doing this in the middle of a crowded ballroom where a fundraiser for the governor was being held, but for the life of him, he couldn’t think why.
He’d always known Steve was more than just his wholesome exterior, but he hadn’t known how much more, doubted Steve really knew the answer to that question either since it wasn’t as if he’d had a chance to explore much, what with the war and everything that had happened after. But even if Steve had fallen on the lighter end of the scale, had been the type of Sub to only want a slap and a tickle, some light bondage maybe, and alright, a hint of choking, Tony would’ve been alright. Sexual compatibility was important, but having Steve—no matter how short the time—was everything.
“I want a punishment,” Steve said, and Tony could take some satisfaction out of how uncomfortable Steve appeared as he said it, but only a little.
Tony likes to put Steve on his knees, not as a voluntary act--although, of course, that’s always pretty too--but an involuntary one.
“It's like calisthenics. You might have missed a couple things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle.”
“So you’re not a native to the city?”
“No?  And why would that be?” he asked, pulling his tie free in a hum of silk and admiring the way Captain America’s back tensed at the sound.
“Now, I’ve designed the plug to release a steady stream of lube all day.”
him, let alone done anything that would require a doctor, but would explaining that make things better or worse? How would the doctor and SHIELD handle finding out that the contract hadn’t been . . . invoked?
“Right behind you,” Tony says, and they make their way over. “I’d hardly call it exciting, but I’ve got a dinner to go to on Friday night. Boring small-talk, mediocre food, not enough alcohol, yeah, I’m not really looking forward to it. Nice shot.”
Well, shit. That was . . . unexpected. Did Steve like the command? The tone? The words themselves? Tony was going to have to think about that more when they were finished, but for right now, he had things to do.
He started simply, skimming soapy hands across Steve’s shoulders, his neck, with tracing the span of his back and following the curve of his spine. He appreciated the quiet groan Steve let out more than he could say, the drop of Steve’s head as he offered himself up to Tony. Steve was so fucking gorgeous that it hurt his heart to look at him.
Except he wasn’t supposed to ask for things for the next three days. Not the way Tony had always encouraged him to ask in the past. As if there were nothing Tony wouldn’t give him.
Did it matter though? Well, it would. Tony already knew he’d pick apart every second of this conversation later. Still. Steve had asked.
to take hope in the fact that Tony still wanted to talk, that even if Tony didn’t … even if he didn’t love him … that Tony would let Steve fight for him. For the chance of keeping Tony and being kept by him. For the privilege of submitting completely to the right Dom, to
Steve sat on the couch and waited, standing several times just to have shame force him to sit back down. He wondered what was taking so long, and if he should check up on Tony, and whether he should just carry him to bed since Tony couldn’t get any more upset with him and what did Steve have to lose anyway?
hurt him was stop seeing him. And Steve had done that to himself.
“Since when?” He didn’t mean to ask that, hadn’t planned on saying anything at all.
“It’s only indecent if someone else sees it,” he tries to explain, but that just sets Steve off on a new tangent.
“So, Stark,” she said, sitting down across from him with a cup of coffee.
to keep it from happening, because in all the time Steve had known Tony and seen him hit on pretty much anything that moved, Tony had never once indicated he thought of Steve as anything other than a friend.
He did it though, took a deep breath and then settled a little lower onto the bed, let his legs fall further open so there weren’t even shadows to offer a sliver of modesty.
Fifteen minutes later, they stood outside the front doors, flushed and still sticky with sweat, and Steve moaned, covering his face with his hand, "I can't believe we got kicked out!"
“Number five: communication.
That’s probably going to change, though. Ideally, he’d just be able to push the driftwood with its cargo along, but with those wings, the Angel would slide off as soon as Tony started moving. He doesn’t have any braided seaweed on him either, so he’s going to have to swim with his arms around the Angel in order to keep the wings mostly closed and minimize drag. That means his tentacles will doubtlessly tangle up around the Angel’s legs, which is going to slow them down like crazy, but at least he’s not wearing any of the funny clothes that Humans always have on.
Steve moans and shudders against him, and it’s only then that Tony realizes two of his tentacles are awfully close to Steve’s groin and another three have both of Steve’s nipples in their grasp and are popping on and off of them as they fight for space.
Because it was achingly obvious that he wasn’t.
“So I know you just had your semi-annual exam a few weeks ago, but I’m going to go ahead and make sure nothing’s changed, alright?”
“But Steve,” Tony whispered, lifting his other hand so they both cradled his face. Steve barely kept from jumping when he felt pressure against his forehead, but he was glad he hadn’t when he realized Tony had lowered his face to his. “You can
“So what did he say?” she asked at last, her voice hushed, and he had her full attention now.
He’d never wanted to be the type of Sub that needed to be handled with kid gloves, but even with the Serum, he’d become one anyway.
That had slowly started to change when Stark hadn’t asked him about what he’d researched the day before; or if he had any follow-up questions that he could help him with; or if he wanted suggestions about what Stark thought might be interesting for him to learn about—because how could Steve research something he didn’t even know existed. It was true that Steve had never answered as fully as he could have, but it had never stopped Stark from asking, every day, regular as clockwork.
Like honestly? It’d been bad enough being introduced to Superman. To
They had talked about it, though. And Tony had made Steve want to talk about it more. He didn’t want to lose that.
Like his whole life had been turned upside down. Like he’d been cast off. Like he didn’t have a safe place anymore, or even a place he could call his own. Tony could tell all too easily the thoughts that had to be going through Steve’s head.
The subsequent “I love you” hadn’t been planned—not that the first had been either. But the second had been completely spontaneous, because Steve hadn’t been able to keep quiet after seeing Tony’s face. He didn’t ever want to see that expression on Tony again.
“Yes.”
So the events of this chapter probably come as a bit of a surprise, but I've been planning to incorporate the Avengers movie into this fic from day 1, and it's necessary for plot progression. Next chapter should cover the movie, and then we move on. I think. Not more than two chapters, definitely. Next update will probably take a bit longer since I'm going to busy all next week, but then I'll be back.
Steve could swear that he heard Tony’s voice, but that made no sense.  Tony hadn’t been in the ice with him; he hadn’t even known Tony existed then.  He’d been alone, forgotten and unnecessary.
And yet, somehow, everything.
“Did that hurt?” Dr. Stark asks, concerned.
“Controller,” Steve mutters, and it’s not exactly a lie, even though he knows Tony’s assuming he’s having issues with his PlayStation controller, and not that the person doing the actual controlling is the one with the problems.
a little voice whispered in his head,
“Swallow,” Tony said just as he started to come, as if Steve had considered doing anything else, and his throat worked as he swallowed again and again. “Good,” Tony gasped, “You’re so good,” and Steve couldn’t explain why that made more tears well up, but it did, and he held onto Tony all the tighter because of it.
Maybe Tony had missed him, but the people he loved were Rhodes and Happy and Peter. While it was a temptation to try and stay for as long as Steve could, to reassure himself that Tony was there for good and wouldn’t disappear as soon as he looked away, if anyone had the right to be there for Tony tonight, it would be one of them.
Steve remembered planning to explain everything he’d learned about himself and about his feelings for Tony after he’d left but never finding the time to do it, too wrapped up in being back and convincing Tony he hadn’t meant to hurt him. Intending to take Tony out on a date—one date, just … just one—but getting lost in the excitement of having sex and discovering how incredibly good it could be. Proving how much he believed in Tony in the face of—not evidence—but a throw-away comment that he’d been afraid to follow up on, in case the answer was what he feared it was. Not calling Tony, even knowing that the hunt for Captain America would be all over the news and that SHIELD would come knocking on Tony’s door.
“But I did—”
-----
“See if you can try to bear down a little, Steve. And if you don’t mind, try and scoot down the table a little closer towards me, maybe get up on your elbows and angle your hips a bit more.”
