Sherlock quickly descended into giggles, however, when John began running light, wiggling fingertips up and down his sides.
Last night, with John, Sherlock remembered, smiling a besotted grin into his pillow and releasing a contented little hum of pleasure, butterflies erupting in his stomach. John had been so tender, so careful with him. Sherlock had never felt so vulnerable, and yet safe at the same time. A juxtaposition of sentiment.
“I-I’m sorry” Sherlock stumbled over his apology, shaking in fear. Now he'd done it, but he didn't mean to do any damage.
Sherlock reminded him so much of his wife, through his temperament and intelligent wit, often offset by his natural kind tendencies towards others.
Thinking briefly for a moment, Sherlock’s mind lit up with a solution to his problem, and despite the embarrassed heat it brought to his normally pale cheeks, he decided to give it a try. Sherlock opened his laptop file and printed out the details for his first sexuality experiment.
Glancing in the mirror, he saw himself standing there with a black chemise that hit just above his mid-thighs with two slits up each side, rising to his sharp hipbones. The top was cut so as it accentuated his bony chest and lack of breasts, and created a delicately curving waistline that was not truly present.
Sherlock was still giggling at Rosie's display when he heard a cough from the doorway. As he turned, he saw his papa standing there, with Mycroft just behind him, both of them wearing small smiles as they watched Sherlock with his new family.
Lying, covered in his own essence and trying to catch his breath, he heard a knock on the door, "Sherlock? You okay, I thought I heard a shout?" John asked, and once his words registered with Sherlock's unusually slow mind, his cheeks flushed with blood.
“No one was hurt, Lestrade, but the murder pulled a gun, so I acted in self defense,” John addressed the DI with a hard gaze, and after a moment of sizing each other up, Lestrade conceded with a sigh, rubbing a hand over his tired, lined face and motioning for them both to leave.
Sherlock thought with a frown, tugging on the riding pants that left almost nothing to the imagination and a purple silk shirt which,  when tucked in, left his arse outlined in the tight trousers, and without the covering of a coat as he had last time. Sighing, and accepting his fate, Sherlock walked out, strolling past a now fully clothed John to grab a comb, sitting down at the armoire to brush out his curls.
“Shh, I know it may seem that way, your highness, but his Majesty simply wants what’s best for you. Your lip just healed a few days ago; you’ve been too reckless, as of late. You could’ve died,” Molly reminded gently, gathering ribbons, skirts and chemises as she flitted around Sherlock’s chaotic bedchamber.
Before John could make a move to get up from the chair, Sherlock was racing in the flat in a flurry of woolen coat and curls, dashing towards John with a brilliant smile lighting up his youthful visage, and John felt his own smile grow in response. Sherlock's excitement was endlessly entertaining as it was infectious. Occasionally John forgot that Sherlock was so young at only twenty-five, but these pure moments reminded the good doctor.
John looked down and their eyes met, Sherlock continuing to kiss, no,
The two men looked at one another from the corners of their eyes and burst into breathless giggles.
With that, Sherlock lifted his long legs around the small of John’s back and nudged him forward, the tip slipping in just slightly, and Sherlock groaned from the slight burn and the feeling of having something inside his aching opening.
“Come now, master,” Lestrade said with a smile and a flare of his candles in excitement, “It’s time for dinner.”
"I don't want to get to know him!" Sherlock shouted suddenly, hands grasping at his arms and feeling a chill, despite the fact he was still wearing all his winter layers from last night, "I don't want anything to do with him!"
“Open your eyes” the beast said in a low rumble, a smile in his voice, and Sherlock did to discover the largest and most magnificent library he had ever seen. Even being raised in nobility, they had never had access to the sheer amount of tomes in the space.
Rimming, blowjobs, coming twice with no refractory period <3 Comments/kudos appreciated.
“Sherlock, oh, god-“ John called into the living room of 221B as Sherlock leaned forward to latch onto his nipple, suckling it, while John continued to plow into his willing hole.
Passion. Desire. All for him.
Sherlock excited the dressing room a few minutes later, his hair ruffled and cheeks a bit pink but otherwise unruffled, and walked over to where the saleswoman had laid out some more articles of clothing.
“Protect this castle!” Mrs. Hudson demanded, and the objects clanked, tinkered, and hopped their assent.
The two stopped and just looked at one another, lost in the moment, before the beast cleared his throat.
"Very well, I am off," his papa announced. Mycroft and Katherine materialized in the doorway to say their goodbyes and remind him once more about their gifts- a new pair of gloves and some fine lace. Sherlock stood last, and went to hug his father, breathing in his embrace and trying to catalogue the sensation until he returned.
, a devious and instinctual part of John’s mind whispered to him,
intelligent than him- sweet and, Sherlock can admit within the confines of his own mind,
John leaned up, grabbing the back of Sherlock’s head and beginning to kiss him more roughly, fighting for dominance of the moment, but Sherlock slowed the kisses, nipping at John’s lower lip in punishment when he tried to rush through.
John coughed slightly, and when Sherlock looked over, he was holding out a pink rose.
“Good morning, John,” murmured the sleepy eyed detective, who was peppering John’s chest with kisses in order to wake him further while sprawling his entire body on top of John’s. Their naked flesh was touching in every crevice, but neither man felt particularly aroused as the night before was extremely…. Stimulating.
John slammed the mirror down, breathing heavily, unwilling to look at such a scene while he was locked away, even if it is self-imposed. John looked down and saw his paws with the razor sharp claws attached, and curled his hands into remnants of fists.
“We will talk more once you’ve taken time to rest, and I will have Molly come by later so pick up Rosie so you can, well,
John torn off his clothes with a growl, noting that Sherlock seemed unable to look away from his sizable cock once it was unclothed, and he tilted sherlock's chin up from his member, "Like what you see, love?" He teased, kissing lightly at his lips, lingering and making Sherlock crave his lips more, licking licking at his bottom lip in teasing torment.
After a few moments of silence to allow the men to catch their breath, John cleared this throat somewhat self consciously.
John was going to utterly unwind him, leave him helpless against the onslaught of sexual pleasure. When Sherlock began his virginity experiment that was all it had been, an experiment.
Sherlock shivered as John nodded once definitely and led them towards the street to hail a cab, “I’m going to make sure you never forget that again.”
Sherlock thought,
He fought down his slight arousal, biting his lips slightly. These panties may prove to be a tease for Sherlock as well.
"Bloody hell, yes alright? But I didn't want to admit that I sometimes stared at women a little too long to be platonic and fit into a narrow-minded military stereotype," John exclaimed, wishing the subject could be dropped but knowing, with Sherlock, life was never quite so simple.
“So that’s his name,” Moriarty said to himself quietly, “John. The beast.”
smiling at Sherlock’s renewed writhing to escape, causing his arse to appear even more inviting to the disciplinary doctor.
“Stop teasing,” Sherlock ground out, wiggling his bum and forcing the tip of John’s fingers into his arse with a contented sigh.
He had to be quiet. Quiet. Quiet.
,” Sherlock hummed around John’s length, and John reached forward to grab Sherlock’s previously tamed curls, beginning the thrust shallowly into Sherlock’s mouth, watching saliva form around Sherlock’s plump, red lips which were stretched around his cock.
John smirked, “Oh, so that’s how it is? My little cocksucker is desperate to get off? I bet you could just from this, sucking me and rubbing against me, your little hole plugged up and sensitive.” Sherlock moaned around John’s cock as he began to rock harder, and John’s balls began to tighten at the sight. He clenched Sherlock’s hair tighter in a sign of possessiveness.
"Don't ever,"
Two years later he had a rambunctious toddler around the castle who he couldn't stand to be around, due to his self-loathing and alcoholic tendencies, and he sent her to Molly for her education and care on the opposite side of the castle, ignoring her cries for him and shutting himself away, refusing to even share meals with the child he loved.
And all who lived there.
Sherlock’s mouth ran dry, and he opened and closed his mouth a few times, speechless.
Sherlock’s mind was thrown into disarray? John bought these flowers, for whom? A man? It seems statistically unlikely that a woman would give flowers to a man, although John wasn’t one for stereotypes-
“So beautiful for me.”
“You know you deserve this Sherlock,” John stated calmly, still rhythmically swinging his right arm down onto Sherlock’s plump arse, watching in wicked amusement as the cheeks jiggled and jumped with each movement.
(See the end of the chapter for
As John glanced out of the corner of his eye at his beloved detective, he saw the man looking completely and utterly lost, his hands clenching and his eyes darting back and forth across the room, his body completely frozen in shock as he processed John’s confession.
“Well, none of this would have happened if you hadn't run away,” John announced wanting to claim the upper hand, but Sherlock only glowered at him.
“I, John, take you Sherlock, to be my lawfully wedded husband,” John spoke confidently, squeezing Sherlock’s hands where they were intertwined between them, both men laughing when they heard Rosie ask in a child’s whisper how much longer until they could have cake. Giving themselves a moment to get their overwhelming emotions under control, the two men then took a breath in unison.
“You will never marry him,” the beast murmured lowly, and Moriarty shook his head in reply.
After a few moments of cleaning and sounds of movement, she heard Molly cry, “Sherlock,” while gasping in a scandalized manner. Sherlock grinned into her arms without lifting up her head.
Left alone, Sherlock marched back over to her dressing table and slumped down, burying her head in her arms with a sigh.
After a few more teasing licks just inside of Sherlock’s rosebud, John knelt back to take in the work he had accomplished, smirking as he watched the empty entrance opening and closing, searching for something to fill the now empty and just barely stretched muscle.
“I have to go and help John, papa,” Sherlock said, already turning to race towards the stables where Philip was being held, but his papa grabbed his arm in a vice grip.
The three of them hopped down the corridor, parting ways as Mrs. Hudson went to find Sherlock.
Sherlock shivered at the implication. He may be innocent in the ways of the world, but he was not blind. He moved away from Moriarty's arm, "I thank you for the complement, but I am unworthy of being compared to your" Sherlock winced, "genius. Now, if you'll excuse me, I should be getting home with the shopping."
From the moment when she first saw Sherlock’s visage etched in stone, she had been intrigued by her alabaster skin and untamable mop of curls. She was a princess- utterly untouchable and not to be sullied by the hands of a fallen soldier, a ‘female bodyguard’ to use Sherlock’s term.
over and over, to no avail.
Shaking his head, knowing he needed to focus, he watched as they turned once more around the room, finally spying Lord Grey among the guests, laughing and mingling, a dark mirth echoing in his eyes.
Lestrade, sensing her nervousness, tried to distract her with tales of the King's Guard and life at the castle, “wait until you see the castle, John. It’s something else,” Lestrade said as they rode, and John had merely rolled her eyes. A building couldn’t possibly be
- seating itself inside the detective.
John felt her face begin to heat at the knowledge that Lestrade had witnessed her moment of panic, moments that women in battle could not afford. She cleared her throat while awkwardly ringing her small, calloused hands together, “I’ll, uh, take the watch. You get some sleep.”
“Yes! But are you sure it is a request this time, not a demand?” Sherlock asked innocently. The beast opened his mouth to respond, but saw Sherlock’s eyes sparkling with mischief, and he sighed.
After a moment, Sherlock reached down to grab the discarded washcloth on the floor, wiping himself off carelessly before tossing the rag somewhere on the floor of the bedroom, ignoring John’s chuckle at his predictable laziness.
He had never felt so ridiculously, insanely happy. And when Sherlock looked up, feeling John’s gaze on his face, looked up, bemusement written over his features.
It was time to go home.
John leaned down unthinkingly to place a single kiss on Sherlock’s sternum, licking once, lightly, before pulling away. Sherlock’s hands clasped John’s strong shoulders at the surprise kiss, feeling overwhelmed but wanting more, more,
Running into his “room,” he slammed the door, and heard it lock from the outside.
The next morning, Sherlock woke to the sound of whispers coming from the corner of the bedroom. Sherlock had slept on the bedcovers, having fallen into an exhausted slumber after hours of choking back tears.
And now she couldn’t sleep- it evaded her since a feeling of unease woke her in the middle of the night. She saw the bright glint of metal, and felt a choking moment of utter anguish.
“Yes, Sherlock, I look forward to it.”
It was Sherlock. Sherlock came back for him, to
"Ahh, Oh, John, this feels-" Sherlock cut himself off with a moan, arching his back to envelope all of John faster, the two men moaning in unison.
Sherlock shivered, trying to will away a blush of embarrassment and arousal.
“Wait, come here, please,” Sherlock begged, and John stepped closer, his brow furrowing. Sherlock undid his trousers efficiently, swallowing down half of his cock easily and moaning around it, peering up at John through his eyelashes as John gripped the back of his head in surprise.
Sarsypants-blog on tumblr drew a rendition of nipple-clamp's on Sherlock. Check out her blog or click here to see:
Candles lit the room in a soft glow, making it all the more romantic, much to Sherlock’s inner happiness. The bedposts had been replaced and new bedclothes covered the large bed in the center of the room with large pillows adorning it, and Sherlock wanted to do nothing but relax back into the sinfully soft looking bed, but blushing slightly, remembering how they were planning on soiling that bed in the near future...
Sherlock was fending off the wolf who decided to try and attack Philip, hitting the animal in the head and sides with the tree branch until the animal gave up with a growl and also went to attack the beast.
John had started taking his laptop to work with him, as Sherlock continued to break his passwords (the last being LeaVeOFFWaNkEr, which had briefly amused Sherlock before he logged in and began updating the many mistakes on John’s blog), and now Sherlock was forced to use his own laptop and walk to his room. Tedious.
he cut off that train of thought viciously. It wasn’t possible. Not after the incident in his chambers, he had proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that he was nothing but a beast.
“People of Sussex, my father was telling the truth,” he shouted, and the townspeople and minions scoffed and laughed in amusement at the idea of a beast in the forest.
Sherlock gulped and nodded, looking back into John’s pale eyes with a tentative nod, and John reached to put more lube on his cock, then pushed slowly, torturously slow, until he was around six inches into his detective and just over halfway.
The flat was silent except for the sounds of honking cabbies and people chatting down on Baker Street, and John was still looking at Sherlock, trying to decipher if his attentions were welcome by peering into those pale blue eyes.
fingers in Sherlock’s gently opening entrance, the muscle giving way for John to tease at Sherlock sensitive rim and swelling prostate.
There was a beat of silence, before the gang roared in laughter, one man saying, “crazy old Siger, always knew he was a loon. Lost his wife and money, and now he’s lost his mind!” There were hollers and agreements all around, and Mycroft was trying to silence his father, but he would not listen.
“Yes John,” Sherlock whimpered, still tugging at the soft ropes tying him to the bedframe to no avail. John lined his aroused member with Sherlock’s entrance and began to push, in, in, in.
In the stillness of the castle, an edge of grief settled over the few inhabitants standing on the balcony, looking over the man who had once been so brave and so kind, a man who had reclaimed those traits after many years of suffering.
Sherlock knew he wanted to surprise the man that night, because although Sherlock felt self-conscious about his lack of experience, he knew John was more….
“Ah, little sister, I’m so glad you could come,” Mycroft simpered, as if he hadn’t demanded it, “you know Gregory Lestrade, lieutenant in the King’s Guard,” he gestured to the silver-haired man who bowed slightly to the princess, who in response rolled her eyes. “Yes, and this is John Watson,” he gestured to the blonde woman who bristled at her title being so obviously disregarded but maintained a civil enough air.
“John, let’s stop for the night and set up camp,” Lestrade called, jerking John out of her fantasies. He was guiding his steed towards a clearing nearby,
John shook his head, “Sherlock, I can’t-“
“How much do you know about the magic in this castle, Sherlock?” The beast asked, and Sherlock pondered how to answer such a loaded question momentarily, taking a bite of his dinner and chewing slowly before deciding the best course of action was to be honest.
He was already swirling in a sea of adrenaline and pain, reminding him of army days gone by, an with a battle cry, and he fought back harder until he felt a burning pain in his arm; one of the wolves clamped down on his forearm and was digging into the fresh with his sharp teeth, refusing the let go. With a cry, John fell, overwhelmed by the pain. In a final act of desperation he grabbed one of the wolves and using his massive paws, snapped its neck, feeling the bones separate under his palms.
Crouching down and leaning in, John watched in fascination, adoring the sight of his spreading blush and the untouched nipple clamps marking him as John’s.
With that parting slot, he turned back to face to crowd, lifting up a pitchfork and a torch, “let’s go kill the beast! All men, on your horses, take up your weapons and follow me!” Moriarty announced, and the men cheered, ignoring Sherlock’s cries as they headed the way Sherlock had come only hours before.
John leaned his head down and placed Sherlock’s leaking head into his mouth, cucking down more of his length as Sherlock writhed in surprise, pushing John’s head away.
Sherlock took a deep breathe, his catlike eyes gleaming as he began to explain: “The rose you’re after is worth nearly 2 million pounds, so the person who stole the rose is obviously interested in it for monetary value, but also for the rarity it possesses, and the fact that it is important enough to warrant Scotland Yard’s somewhat lax attention” Sherlock paused, childlike excitement in his voice as he looked for comprehension on the face of Lestrade.
“What’s the matter Sherlock?” John asked innocently, pressing his lips around the pink opening in the next instant and sucking, nipping and licking inside and-
Since the beginning of his and Sherlock’s relationship, outside of the bedroom, very little had changed. Sherlock was still Sherlock: impetuous, needy, and brilliant. John was still steadfast, with his browning at the ready on a case and a cuddle ready for a classic Sherlockian strop at any moment.
Since the night at Angelo’s, he and Sherlock’s new forming relationship had been steadily growing every day. And although Sherlock was particularly worried about physical intimacy, their first time was gentle with John instructing Sherlock the entire time.
And then he was fully conscious, looking into John's amused eyes across from him, only to realize his foolishness. What John must think of him now, Sherlock thought deprecatingly, biting his lip where his face was all but hidden.
When John asked why someone like Sherlock would care about the solar system, the younger man just looked at him with twinkling eyes and said, "I can appreciate beauty in many things, even when beauty is difficult to see or understand."
Sherlock, understanding he needed to be the rock, the support, tugged John along behind him as they went to one of the many tents set up. As the two men browsed the many rainbow colored objects, they heard a small shriek echo behind them.
Remembering how John was last night, so exposed and vulnerable, trusting Sherlock in that way, it was beautiful.
“John, I-I don’t know if you’ll like it,” Sherlock called embarrassedly from behind the privacy screen, and John watched his lean silhouette flickering in the candlelight, just enough to tease, and licked his lips hungrily, thinking of the exposed skin hiding just beyond the screen. But John was a patient man, and he knew that he had to soothe his young, inexperienced lover.
Meanwhile, Molly and Lestrade were listing other places in the castle they could go explore, and Sherlock overheard the word library.
Blinking himself back to reality after a moment of shock, he found a pair of black underclothes and, blushingly, tucked them swiftly under his arm.
John reached down to flip Sherlock’s dress shirt over his sweet, upturned bum, and began in earnest.
"I love you," John panted, as the aftershocks wore off from the satisfying completion, kissing Sherlock on his glistening forehead, damp from their exertions, before rolling off of the younger man to grab a flannel to clean them both.
“I would like to take you somewhere” the beast announced cryptically, but Sherlock just nodded, pushing his chair back and excusing himself from the table, striding away from Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, who were looking at the two of them with knowing smiles on their tiny faces.
“Much” nip.
, John thought fondly.
John thought, setting their mugs down on the coffee table and reaching towards Sherlock, grasping him by his upper arms and settling him on the sofa. John sank down next to him, and reached forward, grabbing the tea and pushing it into Sherlock’s still unresponsive hands.
as he cautiously moved forward on the stone pathway leading to the castle, his boots crunching the untouched fallen snow.
on a-“ Sherlock was cut off when John flipped him up and around, capturing his lips in a kiss, and silencing his protestations.
As Sherlock brushed out his dark curls, he observed John; he truly looked like a prince, and Sherlock was uncomprehending in the face of his handsomeness. The beast had been a startling figure, and Sherlock had loved him and found him to be intriguing physically, but John, John was golden, and small but somehow huge, taking up space wherever he was with his demeanor, with muscles and button nose; a dichotomy of cute and fierce.
John rolled his eyes fondly, caving in the face of Sherlock’s sweet begging, and kissing back up from whence he came. Pecking kisses, tonguing lightly to taste the glistening sweat now covering Sherlock untried body.
Sherlock thought wildly. In a moment of clarity, Sherlock reached a free hand into the pocket of the minion to his right and snatched out a small knife, shoving it down his pants before the minion took hold of his arm again, yanking it roughly behind him and causing Sherlock to cry out.
“But princess, you are no fool, and you shouldn’t have to play one. Do you want to marry? I’ve never seen someone as miserable while dancing as you were tonight.”
Sherlock gasped, moaning out John’s name and shuttering in his arms, and as John leaned forward in confusion, he realized Sherlock had come, a wet stain forming on the front of those decidedly naughty undergarments. Sherlock had
John scowled at them and followed Sherlock out into the fall, and stepped up behind the boy, as close as he had ever dared.
For who could ever learn to love a beast?
He felt like he could run across London, solving every murder case in his wake in only moments. This singular focus, which he had only actively achieved the one time in college he had tried cocaine, was remarkable.
But he did, because of his need for the adrenaline and a sense of purpose. And then he was stabbed.
Weary after a long day of travel, Siger realized with a sudden start that he had traveled off the established road, and had strayed from his intended path home.
A traitorous part of his mind
Sherlock squirmed on John’s cock, his eager arse trying to clench and swallow more of the impressive length down, but John held his hips fast, allowing only about half of his cock to be sheathed in that tight, wet warmth that caught his blood on fire.
“Yes John, I am beautiful, I am kind, and I saved you,” he said, looking away from John, but John unlaced their fingers and brought one hand up, tilting Sherlock’s chin to look at him, Sherlock’s eyes hazy with pleasure but echoing the same sweetness John knew he was reflecting.
Sherlock broke off their kisses after a moment, breathing deeply and staring at John with wonder shining in his virescent eyes, his cheeks flushed a deep rose, and John smiled cheekily in response and tugged Sherlock past their doorstep, closing the door to 221B behind him.
This man, whomever he was, he was special somehow.
Sherlock shook his head, disbelieving that this wasn't a dream, except-
“John?” Lestrade’s voice cut through the haunting recollection, bringing John back the clearing.
“Why not Sherlock? Does it embarrass you that I'm watching your reactions while I eat you out? I can hardly help it, you're adorable.”
John reached over, tilting Sherlock’s head up and pressing a kiss against his forehead in the same moment. Sherlock closed his eyes, taking in the sensation of complete safety here with John.
Sherlock took a deep breath, “I-That’s what I wanted to show you.”
They sat in silence before the fire for a few minutes, Sherlock tending his wounds with Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade looking on.
“No!” Sherlock simpered, “no, just, I’ve never-“
Sherlock was interrupted by the beast swiping at him with it’s great paws, and Sherlock jumped back barely in time to save himself from being mauled, but a blossom of red still bloomed across one pale collarbone from a claw that made its mark, deeply ripping into the soft flesh there.
The night was perfect, spring was on its way by now and although the wind was a bit sharp, it felt good on Sherlock’s overheated body from the John’s proximity and attentions.
Sherlock nodded, turning to walk back the way he came. When he reached his bedchambers, he fell asleep the instant his head hit the pillow, only one word echoing in his mind.
"Just John, please," he responded kindly.
“John!” Sherlock cried, squirming to escape the gentle hold as he was completely impaled on eleven inches of John’s warm, throbbing member, but John only smirked at him.
"Yes, you look feminine and beautiful and utterly delicious," John exclaimed with a wide grin stretching her features and highlighting her button nose, "is this all for me?"
“We have dinner together every night,” he reminded the beast, and John frowned, thinking of a clearer way to state his intentions.
“Would they see a genius detective? No, they would see
Ugh, “eligible bachelors." More like desperate men who wanted the power of Sherlock on their arms.
Sherlock groaned in annoyance, but John only grinned like a fool, feeling as if nothing could ever take away his soaring feeling- he was in love, he was human again, and he had his Rosie back. He raised Sherlock's hand, turning it gently to place a kiss on his palm to appease the disgruntled young man.
Sherlock nodded in agreement, and John felt his lust for the younger man consuming him as Sherlock nuzzled his face into John’s neck, allowing himself to be carried around the flat while being fucked up the arse by John.
John turned to face the princess, grabbing her by the wrist to stop her gliding steps: “I am saying this because I know what it is to have expectations upon you that you do not want- and I am saying that sometimes you must follow your heart instead of your perceived duty.”
Sherlock watched as John, ever the caretaker, got out of bed the fetch a wet cloth and wipe Sherlock down. John gently rubbed the cool cloth over Sherlock’s saliva coated manhood and then his backside- focusing a bit long on cleaning his arsehole and causing Sherlock’s spent erection to make a valiant second attempt at rising.
“Just stay here, we will come back once everything is-“
Mycroft was disbelieving of his story, saying that the brain fever had caused illusions, but he too was searching for what had happened to Sherlock, as he had been missing for almost three days.
Which would bloom for many years.
“Don’t touch yourself,” John ordered, and Sherlock groaned in annoyance but obeyed, moving his hands to clenched at the arms of the chair and trying not to put too much pressure on his still stinging arse.
When the trousers, socks and shoes were discarded, Sherlock laid on the bed in his tight, black pants; perfectly framing the slender outline of his cock for John’s eyes.
Sherlock held his head up from where it had fallen on the pillow and flipped the worn pages with trembling fingers until he discovered the next marked page.
Sherlock was more afraid now than John had ever seen him.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder and pouted, obviously wanted John to finish licking him out so he could come again, but John only grinned and pointed towards the corner, "now, young man."
Sherlock stroked his mane to encourage the beast to calm down, but luck was not with him, as the growls grew closer, indicating multiple animals hiding in the darkness. Wolves, most likely, Sherlock thought, remembering the geographical location and different species of predators in that area.
Just another day at 221B.
Sherlock waited a moment to ensure John was not following him before he opened the box, his heart speeding up as he viewed the items he had ordered discreetly three days ago. He pulled out some lubricant, a string of anal beads, three dildos, varying in size and function, and a small anal plug. Sherlock laid it all out precisely on the side of bed and felt unaccountably nervous.
The sensations were driving John to distraction, but he clenched his thigh muscles to keep from moving further, sensing he was at Sherlock’s limit by the pleasure warring with pain in his stormy eyes, his cock having softened slightly.
John smiled cheekily, “It’s just- I’ve never seen you at a loss for words.” John continued to stroke his thumb back and forth across the cheekbone, watching in fascination as the alabaster skin beneath his calloused hand began to turn rosy and the detective’s eyes close against the vulnerability.
And on and on and on…. Horribly lewd messages that set Sherlock’s body aflame further- his blood pumping steadily to his groin and his reddened hole- the pulsations resonating over the held open pucker, nerves dancing, causing Sherlock unending awareness to his bum.
But Katherine and even Mycroft were looking to their father expectantly, used to their privileged life that was no more outside of these small gifts, and their father indulged them with a sigh of fond exasperation.
The detective knew the instant John saw the back of the indecent panties. His breath came in gasps, releasing a in a low, sinful groan. A finger reached out to trail down the inviting piece of ribbon separating Sherlock’s bum.
And when Sherlock would run to her big brother for comfort (as she used to do, once upon a time), Mycroft would try to comfort his little sister with his ironclad reasoning: “The noble children are unworthy our time, Sherlock. We are leaders of a nation, with the resources and intelligence to secure our reign, and they are the offshoots of nobility with no particular intelligence or positive characteristics to lend to the nation. They’re goldfish.”
“Yes, sir,” he responded instantly. John whipped around in surprise at being called
John smirked, an idea coming to her mind. Sherlock, with her overactive mind, needed words of encouragement along with tangible action.
“You had your chance, we were going to have a lovely evening, but you decided you wanted to be difficult,” John said with a reprimanding sigh, stroking over Sherlock’s flank and secretly reveling in Sherlock’s mortified struggles to escape his iron clad hold on the wriggling detective.
John had his suspicions, but they were just confirmed by the tentative kisses Sherlock had returned, as if he had only kissed a couple of times before. John scrutinized his detective; Sherlock was breathing harshly, his lips swollen and wet, oh so
“John! Wait, don’t-“
Sherlock took a deep breath in and nodded, reaching out to touch the beautiful clamps with a reverent expression, but John drew them away at the last second, smiling at Sherlock’s matching excitement but wanting this moment to last.
Sherlock ended his music and turned around just in time to see John stretching his arms above his head, a sliver of his hard stomach showing and his army, still fit from his regular exercise as Sherlock’s assistant, flexing behind the deceptive, oversized jumper he wore.
If you've seen Pride and Prejudice (2005) then you'll remember Elizabeth Bennet's sexual awakening scene in the museum. Sexual content ahead. Comment with any criticism/critiques.
Glancing up in shock, he looked forward to see ten of his men being drenched with boiling water, and were screaming and howling in pain, their flesh mangled and in some places, hanging off, steam swirling all around them. Moran cringed in disgust and took a step back, feeling something burning around his arm.
to him.
“You two are going to sleep, after everything that has happened, you’re both exhausted!” She whispered, seeming at her wit's end with the two boys in bed, but watching the little one with a fond expression on her face. Lestrade walked behind her and winked, ignoring Sherlock’s glare as he slipped out the open door.
Sherlock wriggled and bit his lip, but allowed John to begin to finger him slowly, feeling comforted by the thick fingers gently roaming in and out of his arse.
John smirking at the back of his head as the cold thermometer settled against the rim of Sherlock’s puckering entrance.
With that, John unbuckled his trousers, freeing his hard member and giving it a few strokes while Sherlock moaned beneath him, his insides stinging and aching from the cold torment. Without preamble, John held Sherlock's goose-bump covered cheeks apart and nudged his erection against the wet opening.
John fucked him in his chair, up and down, rocking his hips in and out of Sherlock’s body. And whenever Sherlock’s moans began to build in mounting pleasure, John would lean forward and bite his earlobe in warning: “do not come until I say.” Sherlock whined but nodded.
John leaned down, and before Sherlock could comprehend what he was doing, John was brushing his lips over the plump, pliant lips belonging to Sherlock. Kissing him softly, gently, mouthing lightly over those lips. He heard a sound of ceramic breaking, and realized Sherlock had dropped the tea mug on accident, reaching up to hold onto John’s arms and digging his fingers into John like an anchor from the new sensations he felt.
“That’s what I told your nurse, but she insisted,” was the sheepish reply.
John came moments later with a groan, pouring his seed down Sherlock’s creamy throat with a guttural moan, and Sherlock swallowed him down, savoring every last bitter swallow, his eyes closing in pleasure.
Sherlock nodded and watched in fascination as she pulled a tape measure from her suit jacket pocket and began measuring his chest, inseam, torso length, hips and waist with rapid efficiency.
in a bath but pleasantly surprised at John's forthright attitude.
John thought, hope rising in her chest as she gazed at the princess before her.
“What If I go to work, but I take the afternoon off and meet you at the crime scene or where you are then?” John asked casually, watching as Sherlock’s eyes brightened and he beamed, and while his grin would have been off-putting to anyone else, John saw the child liked excitement in Sherlock’s eyes at the thought of John joining him.
The curly haired man whined, his opening fluttering as he clenched down purposefully, pushing John to allow him to come, but John would have none of it.
John chuckled at Sherlock’s barely hidden desperate, “continue reading, love, or you wont receive any reward,” John instructed with a sharp slap on Sherlock right cheek, marveling at the high pitched whine of arousal mingling with pain.
As she sifted through the ridiculous gowns, deeming the red one acceptable, Mrs. Hudson continued nattering on, “also, dear, you’re to have a personal bodyguard. I was just told that they are coming soon and will be stationed with you at all times to protect you from any potential invaders.”
The beast stood up as soon as Sherlock walked into the room, going to great him and bowing automatically, as if a reflex from his past life. Sherlock smiled at the thought of the human man shining through the beast, and took the offered arm, allowing himself to be led to the table and seated, and ignoring Lestrade who was making kissing faces at him.
Sherlock smiled to himself at his sweet husband, so strong and yet so unable to admit when he needed to be taken care of,
So yes, nothing had changed….Well, beyond the fact that now John was able to enjoy the punishments he dished out when Sherlock misbehaved.
John picked him up with no warning, laughing into Sherlock’s mouth at his surprised gasp, and continued teasing at his little hole with his fingers, Sherlock unable to do anything but tilt his head back and take the sensations as John held him, clenching his ivory thighs around John’s sides as pleasure raced through his pure body.
John smirked; holding his lover around the waist and trailing a hand down to lightly grasp Sherlock’s erect cock, leaning in to whisper in his ear.
John was going to be utterly unbearable about the whole,
Leaning apart to breathe and looking around, they realized the spell had been broken.
Coming to a halt outside of a room at the very end of the hall, he pushed open the door slowly and glanced around, seeing destroyed portraits, a king sized-bed, and a glowing rose that appeared to be dying. Approaching the rose, Moriarty saw a movement out of the corner of his eye.
He knew that nothing would stop them, remembering his many conquests as a young army man and the joy he once took in battles.
“How did you learn my name?”
This is what adrenaline feels like, Sherlock realized with a grin, hopping up and glancing down, grateful that his trousers were no longer experiencing a lingering tightness, and he raced out of the gallery feeling utterly alive and like he could fly.
“You can’t escape, and I wouldn’t let you. You’re my little cock warmer,” John growled, biting down on Sherlock’s neck hard enough to leave a bruise, and Sherlock was moaning incomprehensibly now, his mind muddled from denied pleasure.
The pale haired murderer fell to the ground, blood leaking from the bullet hole in his forehead, his eyes glassy and empty.
“Philip! Shh, it’s alright” Sherlock placated with calming gestures, waiting for Philip to stop neighing and bucking in panicked bursts. Once Philip had calmed with Sherlock stroking his chestnut mane, he realized that there was no rider on top of the creature.
“Look at you, always so shy. But now you’re standing here in front of me, in a thong,” John exhaled as he walked slowly back to Sherlock’s front, his eyes never leaving the tiny, silk garment.
With a twinkle in his eye, he gestured down to Sherlock’s body. When Sherlock glanced down in question, he saw his pajamas and dressing gown had vanished, and that his pale and bony body was brilliantly on display in the bright sunlight. In embarrassment, he scrambled to cover himself with his hands, only to be stopped by a broad, calloused hand against his wrist, gripping tightly.
Moriarty scoffed, snatching the mirror away and looking at the beast and then back to Sherlock’s face as he watched the creature with a tender expression tinged in sadness. Sherlock held
This was certainly not the first time the two men had become-
“John, please, you scared me. I-I thought you were falling to your d-death,” Sherlock stammered, the adrenaline fading away and leaving in its wake complete dread at the events that almost occurred.
“Well, you were yesterday,” John commented, ignoring his arms and legs, which were aching from their vigorous activity, and carried his sleepy detective into the bathroom for a bath.
Sherlock shook his head, prying his thoughts away from John’s admirable qualities to focus on the experiment at hand. So, if John was not an option, then perhaps Sherlock should find another way to slowly begin his sexuality experiment to put off going to a stranger, at least for a little while until he had worked up his courage.
“Now, young man, what seems to be troubling you today?” John asked, adopting his “I’m-a-nice-doctor” tone as he glanced at the man- no,
Finally, Sherlock released a final shaking breath, relaxing back onto the bed and gazing up at John with bashful eyes, and blushing cheeks, biting the side of his plump lip in self-consciousness, feeling more exposed than he had remembered ever being before, the pulsing length inside of him, filling him, laying him out for John to see every last inch of him. To know him, in every way.
“Being alone protects me,” Sherlock said, her eyes narrowed upon her incessant guard. This was dangerous territory, Sherlock's feelings for her guard were far too strong already, and she needed to construct some distance.
They stumbled in and up the stairs, kicking off their shoes at the door and, by unspoken agreement, continued shedding their clothes all the way into the bedroom, exhaustion creeping in.
, thing. Dammit.
"Shh, Sherlock, let go for me, love." John panted, grasping Sherlock's erection tighter in his grip and gazing down at the flustered man beneath him, "there, right there, that's brilliant" John sighed as the dexterous fingers stroked teasingly up his shaft, Sherlock's other hand gently rubbing his perineum to tease his prostate, putting just enough pressure to hint at the pending orgasm but not enough to send John over the edge. John growled playfully at the younger man and bit his earlobe lightly in retribution, earning him a breathy laugh from the teasing dark-haired man.
Sherlock took in the sights of his old home, the ash marks around the fireplace and the comforting smell of the kitchen with baking bread. He strode over to the cupboard and plucked up a beaker from his old science experiments, filled it with water from the bucket and placed his pink rose from the beast inside, watching as the rose, worn from the ride and Sherlock’s grip upon it, settled against the side of the glass with a soft click.
Sherlock sat gingerly on the floor, wrapping his long legs underneath him as Mrs. Hudson pointed to the glass of water on the nightstand. Sherlock obediently drank the liquid, feeling much better as he was getting dehydrated.
Sherlock, blushing even deeper at John’s declaration and glaring at the idea of John on a date with
John watched the winking pucker for a moment before raising his hand and smacking down on the sensitive entrance with a sweet
“We can get you honey, if you wish,” the beast said to break the glum silence, and Sherlock met his eyes, a tentative grin washing over his face, even if his eyes shown some residual sadness.
. But now, oh, now there was a before and after- a time before John.
At first, Sherlock had tried to hold back his moans, and squirm away from the sensations, but after meeting John's eyes, which were wide and adoring as he pleasured Sherlock, he decided to disregard deferred pleasure and began rocking into John's fist, John's thumb stroking the head of his sensitive member slowly. John's other hand trailed down his spine, and came to rest on his arse, squeezing and probing gently right on Sherlock's rosebud, never entering but teasing, teasing so
“Bit of a pompous prig, then, yeah?” Sherlock snorted, looking down at John with a grin tugging at the corners of his mouth.
“How much?”
Sherlock buried his face further in the pillow for a moment until John spanked his right arse cheek with a sharp smack, and he tilted his head to the side in submission, releasing a whimper as John leant down again and settled his head between Sherlock’s legs as if it was his dearest place.
Then Sherlock looked at his hand, and realized the blood from the beast was red, just like his.
“Strip,” Captain Watson commanded, and Sherlock began shedding his beautiful layers, the suit falling away to reveal his blushing alabaster skin resting beneath.
,” Sherlock’s eyes closed as he continued to rhythmically rock against John’s leg, coating he insides of his trousers with his essence and clenching around the plug, each pulsation resonating in his groan and drawing out his pleasure.
“Great. I’m going to go make sure it still fits,” John called, already walking up towards his mainly unused bedroom. Sherlock stood, his trousers still unbuttoned as he gaped after John.
John merely smiled at her lackluster response, her eyes crinkling in the corners, and Sherlock’s cold, unfeeling heart gave a sudden, warm thump.
John watched with a smirk growing, twirling pasta around on his fork and leaning forward to nudge Sherlock’s lips with the forkful of food.
“John, are you ready to go?” Sherlock called, and heard John rustling around in the bedroom. Following the sound, Sherlock pushed open the door to find the army doctor wearing tight royal blue pants, Sherlock’s violet button down shirt which was a little tight around the middle but accentuated his arms, and a bright pink cap on top of his head.
to die. John, please. I don’t.”
He looked… Wonderful. At that thought, Sherlock glanced away from the mirror with a wince, remembering all the times he had been made fun of for his appearance. In an odd way, the beasts obvious self consciousness about his form made Sherlock more conformable, understanding the feeling of being judged for your looks. While their situations were very different, Sherlock still understood what it means to be isolated and alone because of it.
Sherlock just sniffled in response, the pain from his backside and his sensitive rosebud warring for his body’s attention as he tried to control his overflowing tears and confusing arousal.
“Then if someone listens from the street, they will hear you moaning happily like a good boy, nothing to be ashamed of,” John replied steadily, and Sherlock buried his face into the couch cushions with a mortified huff.
He had a small, shy smile on his face and his hand was raised in an awkward half wave. He was tall and lean, with short, brown hair and green eyes that were averted nervously.
John stepped into the bath, and Sherlock watched as his muscled back and firm arse disappeared under the fluffy foam and the steam rising languorously out of their bath.
He stared at Mrs. Hudson more a moment, and wished she could just read his mind so he didn't have to ask for the humiliating advice. She just watched him, an ever knowing expression upon her face, and John sighed, leaning his head into his paws to hide his face from her gaze.
John drizzled more lube onto his fingers and reached for Sherlock’s heart shaped arse, indicating for Sherlock to widen his legs, which he did without complaint.
A beat of silence, and then two, passed before a word was spoken. The fire, which was once roaring, had settled down and the chill of winter was permeating the night air.
John pulled Sherlock forward so he was lying down with his head in John’s lap, and Sherlock could feel the bulge bumping against his ear with a shy smile of happiness- proof that John wanted him too.
John walked slowly back down the stairs, trying to contain his excitement as he walked back into the living room, holding the package behind his back.
Light Praise!Kink and fluff abounding. Also possessive!John is here to stay :) Comment with a kink you would like to see! Kudos appreciated.
They stayed that way for a handful of uncountable moments, in the silence of their bed where they had made love only hours before, and held one another. And if there was a wetness that gathered on John’s chest, or in Sherlock’s curls, neither man mentioned it.
The temptation of Sherlock, innocently resting on the bed, his arse taunting John with its blatant invitation, was simply too much for John.
John, chuckling at Sherlock's petulant pout, sat up to rip off the t-shirt and lay back down.
, and John could wait no longer.
“There, all you needed was a cuddle, didn’t you, sweetheart.” John said, as if to himself, but Sherlock closed his eyes as a pulsing sensation slipped down his abdomen and settled in his groin. God, he loved when John called him sweet names.
“Don’t cry love, we've done enough of that,” John said with a slightly choked voice, watching his love cry in happiness, relief, and a love that seemed at times unattainable had caused his emotions to swell within the confines of his bed with his beloved in his arms.
,” he cried, biting his lip after a moment to stifle his echoing moans as he found his sweet spot, gently rubbing circles around it and biting down to keep quiet, lest John hear.
The light surrounding him was transforming to a deep scarlet, twirling with the gold to create the intermingling of passion and life. John’s cloak wrapped around his mangled body, and bright beams shot out from his hands and feet.
Despite Sherlock’s positive reaction to John’s bold hand-kiss when they met, all feelings of kindness had surely fled in the wake of another chain binding Sherlock’s freedom.
looking for a chemistry text, but I am assuming you have something better in mind?” Sherlock said, turning around in John’s arms and allowing himself to be pushed back forcedly against the bookshelf, muffling a simpering moan as a thigh sliding between his parted legs, causing his desire to spiral as he stared longingly at John.
And that was how; sitting in the library, John came up with a truly
“I want to do this properly, take me to bed.”
He went to the stable and, seeing Philip tied there, he mounted the steed and ran down the stone pathway, through the iron gate and into the night.
John tried to meet Sherlock’s gaze, but he had turned his eyes to the window and seemed to be lost in thought as well. John cleared his throat, and Sherlock cocked his head slightly to the side to indicate he was listening, “Sherlock, you told me once that I was your only friend. You told me once that I was the man who saved you, but it isn’t true. You have saved me too Sherlock, so many times and in so many ways, and I owe you so much.” John choked out, eyes stinging as he remembers the same words he had spoken at Sherlock’s grave so many years before. The despair at facing a life without light in it, the person he had never been truthful to.
Only now, now everything was completely different.
“Digestion slows down my transport and my deductions!” Sherlock whined, negating his point by shoveling a bit of porridge into his mouth in the same instant.
“I’ve never loved anyone the way I love you, and I never will,” John said simply, and felt a few droplets of lingering tears hit his chest where Sherlock was resting his head.
John accidentally stepped on Sherlock’s foot to his great amusement, and Sherlock stumbled once or twice, having gotten lost in John’s eyes, but that was what made the moment perfect.
All of it with her small stature, her fine sword, and her blonde hair swinging in the wind as she smoothed the fine hair that escaped from her face, wiping the sweat and blood from her brow and giving her favor to Sherlock….
John thought with a little smirk, and he held them still for a moment longer.
This temporary position was going to be far more challenging than John had anticipated.
“There is one treatment that has proven successful in the past, but it is not for the faint of heart,” John explained with a serious expression, but when Sherlock glanced back to look at him, John’s eyes were glinting playfully.
He rose to his feet, padding over to Sherlock and gently taking one of his soft, beautiful hands into his own paw with razor-sharp claws, being careful not to hurt Sherlock.
“Sherlock, are you feeling quite alright?” John asked, confused by the books erratic and clumsy behavior when he had only known Sherlock to be graceful and put together.
He deserved something. Something special. John had been planning on doing this once he and Sherlock were on slightly friendlier terms, but he had already prepared the gift, and he was anxious to see Sherlock's expression.
The two entered the dining room, and Mrs. Hudson entered from the kitchen entrance riding on a cart with a grin stretching her face.
In the midst of his self-doubt, Mrs. Hudson bouncing forward, her ceramic body clinking lightly against the floor, “What is it dear?”
“Mrs. Hudson, I need your help,” John had waited until everyone left the kitchen, preferring to only receive personal advice from Mrs. Hudson and discretely.
, Sherlock. And you always will be. Now come.” John demanded, watching as Sherlock began to orgasm.
John drew back the curtains to let in the dim sunlight, wanting to see Sherlock fully, and laid down on the bed.
“You’re needed in the council chambers, per the his majesty’s command,” she continued, reaching deep into the chest and pulling out- oh, god, no- a pink taffeta gown that had been a “gift” from Mycroft on her 18
The Prince was victorious on the battlefront, leading his men with skill and strategy beyond his years,
Between one beat and another, they were paraded in front of the king, who hardly even looked at John. He kept his beady eyes trained on Lestrade as he discussed the parameters of the mission they were to set forth on in the following week, and John barely stopped herself from crossing her arms in displeasure.
Cheers!
"I said" Sherlock whispered in the broken silence, "that I love you, John."
John stared at Sherlock’s downtrodden expression, caused from his belief that John would be upset that he had found pleasure in his bed, even if it was only self-pleasure, and decided to take action.
It didn’t last long though, as John held Sherlock down with his muscled arms, keeping him flush in his lap, nipping at his neck and moving their twined hands to Sherlock’s body, holding his hips utterly still and still buried in Sherlock. He released one hand to hit Sherlock's arse with a sharp
And when he left, it looked like
John held his hands up in surrender, secretly adoring being able to see this newest side to his enigmatic friend. Sherlock was ever put together in his fine suits and his presence that filled up a room in an instant.
"That's enough; Sherlock, you're doing really well, don't give in now."
Later on in the morning, just when the room was beginning to take on a golden hue from the sunshine outside, Sherlock and John were woken from their dozing by Sherlock’s text alert noise. Groaning, Sherlock rolled out of bed and stormed, naked, over to his dresser to pick up the infernal device.
It was jaw-dropping it its elaborateness.
The beast only smiled, having reached the rungs of the balcony, so close to Sherlock. He hauled himself up, standing just on the other side of the balcony and peering into Sherlock’s beautiful, changeable eyes. John never wished to see anything else, as long as he lived.
After a while of meandering, Sherlock found a winding staircase made of stone and wood, largely uninteresting compared to the rest of the castle. The feature of interest, however, was in the nail markings on the wooden door, as if someone has been dragged through against their will.
“Then follow me.”
Gay or not.
Now, Sherlock was practically hyperventilating in the bathroom, wanting nothing more than to go to John but at the same time, feeling insecure. John had never seen her body so unclothed, so done-up.
As John nipped lightly at Sherlock’s plush lower lip and heard a tiny moan, a feeling of unbelievable happiness washed through him. He grinned into the kiss, feeling a spark pass through their lips and fizzle to the ground, a vibration running throughout the castle.
until the next, much larger bead popped into Sherlock’s entrance.
But Sherlock let out another drop of precome from the pronouncement, his face turning rosy at the insinuation and his dirty response.
“You do look beautiful,” John whispered into the empty corridor, but the only answer was silence.
“John,” Sherlock sighed, rolling her eyes at her blonde bodyguard, “can’t I spend
“Sherlock, you do know what sort of people who wear those sorts of panties want don't you,” John teased, nipping and licking up and down Sherlock’s neck as he ground his growing erection against that plush, oh so
John flipped open the box and unceremoniously poured the contents out on the bed, and Sherlock turned his head away, releasing a breathe he hadn’t realized he was holding.
The next morning, Sherlock woke up slowly, yawning from the unusually restful sleep. He was lying on his stomach, and he felt warmth all over, specifically coming from his well-used, slightly aching bum.
"I am not trying to 'woo' him Mrs. Hudson" He growled lowly in warning, looking back to her with a glare, but Mrs. Hudson only arched her eyebrow and John blushed beneath his fur looked down to twiddle his claws.
Sherlock arousal began it's final peak towards completion, his lips the same shade as his ruddy cheeks, his curls mussed. He looked utterly debased and debauched.
“It’s time to wake up now, Sherlock,” a deep voice echoed in his ear, a voice he had heard many times.
Sherlock began to play a sad tune, the events of the day catching up to him, and despite John cuddling and caring for him on the couch, he still felt a little unwound.
, Sherlock’s unhelpful mind supplied, and Sherlock was struck by an image of Captain Watson bossing him around, pushing Sherlock to his knees and unzipping his trousers, pulling Sherlock’s open and willing mouth forward….
“I-I’m not” sniffling, Sherlock sat up, “I’m not
“Yes, and you almost got yourself killed. You wont be doing that again, will you?” John asked, and Sherlock paused before shaking his head negatively. John smiled, a slight smirk tugging at the corners of his lips.
John gaped for a moment before his mouth spread into a warm smile, taking one of Sherlock’s alabaster hands into his own and squeezing it gently.
prince charming, but he was somehow everything Sherlock could want from a prince. Manly, educated and intelligent- but not
Sherlock might be skinny, but all his fat content went to his delicious backside.
After an hour or so, Sherlock found a split in the road, and Philip began steering them to the more open, smoothly laid pathway on instinct. Sherlock stilled the horse and thought- if Philip was turning away from the more treacherous path on instinct, perhaps that is where his father is, and Philip was spooked away for some reason.
“John! Sherlock! What do you boys think you’re doing?” The scandalized voice of Mrs. Hudson shocked the two men and they sprang apart, Sherlock red-faced and trying to hide his erection and John trying to look shamefaced as well, and failing.
“Alright men, take whatever spoils you wish, but the beast is mine,” Moriarty declared with a demented laugh, picking up his sword and heading deeper into the castle, leaving his men behind in the darkened entranceway.
John turned back to face the window, looking out over the balcony and seeing the chilly spring breeze rustle the trees of the woods in the distance.
Sherlock, pausing momentarily to catalogue his brother's face when smiling, ran towards them, throwing his arms around his papa with a laugh, "Papa! You're alright," Sherlock exclaimed. He held his father close, relief flooding his body.
John leaned back to look at Sherlock for a moment, and made a decision. He stood up and started unbuttoning his shirt, slipping it out of his trousers and letting it flutter to the floor of Sherlock’s room as the man watched from his bed avidly.
, oh god!” Sherlock agreed, relaxing back into John’s hold and allowing his lover to grope his body for a few moments more.
“Come on Sherlock,” John said after a moment, breathing to get himself back under control but still smiling slightly, holding out his hand for Sherlock to take, and they left the bedchamber hand in hand, the glow of the newly re-born rose shining in their wake.
“J-John, please, would you-
Sherlock's body racked with another wave of pleasure and he came uncontrollably, his body flustered from embarrassment and arousal, dripping cum along his chest as John watched, deeply amused at Sherlock’s predicable reaction to his words.
“We’re going to use the color system during playtime. Whenever I ask you for a color, you will answer green if you want to continue, yellow to slow down or pause, and red to stop immediately. You will never receive a punishment for calling red or yellow, they’re there for you to use,” John instructed gently, “if you cannot answer, or do not, I will interpret that as red,” John finished, reaching over to pull Sherlock’s head to face his own, forcing his enigmatic eyes to meet the older man’s.
Internally hating his deductive abilities for rationalizing the dire situation, Sherlock looked up to peer into John’s calm blue eyes.
When the two men arrived at Baker Street, John paid the cabbie and grabbed Sherlock’s hand, guiding him into their home, up the steps and into the living room.
John cut him off with a soft nip to his ear in warning, “not your brain, although it is dizzyingly distracting in its own right, no Sherlock, I want to hear about the qualities you don’t admit are there,” he punctuated by lying down and rubbing his abs against Sherlock hard, leaking cock, causing a gasp to break free, “the qualities are obvious for anyone who knows and loves you,” John coaxed, and Sherlock nodded breathlessly.
John allowed himself a fond smile at that, imagining Sherlock as an aloof cat rather than his irritating, brilliant flatmate.
A loud
They both came with nightmares and insecurities; sometimes Sherlock would stare at his back in the mirror and wonder how John found his body attractive as it was marred with scars, until John would pull him away, lay him down and kiss every inch of the scars until both men were emotionally content: "You're beautiful love, these scars show your devotion to me. They show that you came back to me" John sniffed with tears sparkling in his eyes, and Sherlock would gather the army doctor in his arms and they would relax in the silence.
Sherlock turned so his head was facing outwards, slightly away from John and sighing happily as John continued sure strokes down his chest and twirling in his hair; he felt completely safe.
“I love you,” John breathed, and Sherlock ducked his head shyly at the John’s utterly sincere tone, responding in kind. John reached up one hand, tilting Sherlock’s chin up, and kissing him sweetly on the cheek. Then he cuddled in close, hugging Sherlock tightly.
While John was slightly larger, Sherlock’s cock was a perfectly normal size, and John gasped and shuddered at the feeling of something of that girth inside of him, rubbing against his sweet spot on every stroke without fail, and causing pulsations to rush up his spine, slithering through his abdomen, and causing white stars to appear in his eyes.
The cabbie stopped in front of the flat an coughed, getting Sherlock attention from where he was brooding in the back of the taxi. With a sigh, Sherlock paid, stepping out with his purchases in his hand and moved to open the door to the flat.
John thrust up once, quickly, in punishment, and Sherlock’s thighs were positively shaking from overstimulation, his entire body glistening with sweat, and John’s smirked at the sight of Sherlock being claimed as
“Too” kiss.
Sherlock continued to observe John, looking up and down his form appreciatively and getting distracted from his case files every few minutes.
“The food will be here soon,” Sherlock announced, flopping down in his armchair and sprawling back.
She felt a pair of eyes watching her be led to the dance floor and, looking around, she saw John’s blue eyes peering at her across the room from her post. She repressed a shiver at the hungry look in John’s eyes and allowed herself to be positioned by the odd Prince in front of her for the first dance of many. Sherlock couldn't help but wonder what it might be like to dance with John.
“I’m going with you,” he replied, but Sherlock shook his head.
“Have a good night, Michael,” John called back.
Settling back down between John’s legs after a moment more, and enjoying John’s rosy cheeks and glistening skin for a moment more, he began teasing John’s cock once more, this time uncorking the slick and pouring it on his fingers while John was busy expressing his rapture.
his brain supplied, unhelpfully.
Hello all!
John spun around from her place at the mantle to see the princess peering at her from across the room with a hesitant expression upon her face.
And he dismissed her again,
John drizzled the lubricant over his wide, calloused fingers, and glanced up to see Sherlock watching him with hunger in his eyes, as well as a flickering of fear.
There was blood staining the fingernail markings from the force of the scratches and when Sherlock touched the blood, it was recently dried and cold.
“Do you
Sherlock’s skin was glistening from the constant squirming, fighting to get away but also push down on the varying vibrations and pulsations emanating from his pink, clenching pucker.
‘Oh god, look how beautiful she is, she’s all wet and… Oh lord, just a couple more inches and I would’ve see her breasts-‘ John’s thoughts spun out of control as she quickly walked back to the hallway to stand at attention.
He pounced back on top of John once he was unclothed, used to his nudity around John now but still somewhat self conscious, and began to suck at the spot beneath John’s ear that never ceased to make him groan.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Very well,” John replied amicably, and Sherlock glanced up in surprise, before he saw John’s jaw set in a way he had seen only once before.
Sherlock felt his eyes dilate further at John's explanation, feeling his body tense as he grew nearer and nearer to orgasm as John explained the delicious torture he had in store for the bound and helpless detective.
John’s laugh echoed through the ravaged bedchamber, and as Sherlock looked at him, he knew he would never love another person the way he loved this man, this beast.
Repulsed by her haggard appearance and lost in his own personal grief,
Then, one winter's night,
“Tea?” John sighed after a moment, and the dark-haired man across from him nodded with a closed expression on his softly lined face.
Sherlock thought.
“Right here! And I’ve brought someone else, too,” She said softly, and John turned to the doorway to see Molly and a little girl holding her hand.
Sherlock was broken from his recollections by his father gesturing to the armchair in front of the fire, sitting in his own and watching Sherlock with an uncharacteristically solemn expression on his normally jovial face.
The next day, the two men came home from a grueling case they had solved; chasing down the murder with John tackling him to the ground, while Sherlock called Lestrade to inform him that the suspect was caught.
- sitting on the bed, wearing only a thin paper examination gown with cartoon bees littering the practically translucent fabric. John had already checked his vitals; measured his pulse (elevated), peered into his pupils (dilated) and inwardly diagnosed Sherlock as healthy (aroused).
-“ Sherlock pleaded, his face absolutely scarlet at the notion that John was staring at his plump and tender backside, enflamed from the spanking, and raised in the air like a child’s after lying to their mother.
Sherlock looked down at his reddened, cum stained and well spanked body and crossed his arms in front of himself where he kneeled on the floor, feeling self conscious as he looked away from John, feeling unaccountably shy.
Lost in his revelry as he was, John didn’t notice Sherlock’s nervous expression darkening until the man leapt to his feet in a flurry of dressing gown and foul-temper. John tensed in surprise for a moment, before recognizing that Sherlock was out of his comfort zone and therefore lashing out.
John focused on Sherlock’s tender sit spots, making sure to drive the plug deeper into his young lover’s body with each smack as he reprimanded his young, impulsive lover: “you, writhing naked over my knee with ginger stuffed up your bum to teach you a lesson was not how this evening was suppose to end. But you’re a naughty boy, and needs must.”
Gazing into the mirror, Sherlock had to admit that she looked regal.
,” Sherlock whined out, his orgasm flowing through his body in vibrating waves, and John thrust his tongue into the quivering entrance as deep as it was able, nudging just beneath Sherlock’s prostate and drawing out his sweet sighs.
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock whispered in a daze, and John’s eyes lit up with wicked promise.
Without processing her next movement, the room faded away and John was bowing before the young woman, lifting the soft, ivory hand to her lips for a courtly kiss and praising the brilliant creature before her. Her skin was cold and pale, and the likeness between her and her statue seemed complete.
Sherlock lit the fire and the two men laid out the food on the coffee table, eating on the couch and sharing stories from their day. Sherlock was telling John a story from a case he had conducted as a primary school student to solve who was stealing the food from the cafeteria.
, as Sherlock settled his head back down on John’s chest.
“Well no, but I-“
John couldn’t
were called, Greg. I’m staying right here,” John looked around at the sullen faces around her, “after all, someone has to bring these people some fun.”
” Sherlock spits the word as if it is an uninteresting case, “for you have not diminished with time, but have grown. I missed you, every day when I was away.” Sherlock admitted, peering down at his hands that were nervously clutched together, “and when I came back to you, I foolishly believed that you would have waiting for me as I did for you.”
That is, until Sherlock mouthed, “
while John was checking up on him.
Sherlock’s hateful mind reminded him of all the times he had proven himself to be unlovable:
“It is not your place to notice such things,” Sherlock sniffed in her haughty manner, fully expecting John to huff and go away, but the woman just cocked her head.
"Lie down on the bed, love, and tell me if anything makes you uncomfortable. We'll go slow." Sherlock nodded at John's request, and went to lie down, her chest already heavy from excitement and nervousness.
As Sherlock adjusted to the object, John pulled his pants back up and helped Sherlock to stand, allowing his lover to brace against his chest as a support once he was standing on wobbly legs like a colt learning to stand.
"Hi! I'm Rosie!" The teacup chirped happily, "what's your name?"
“P-Please, John, please-“ Sherlock rambled, his eyes glassy with pleasure. John growled lowly in his throat.
A soft cough came from the doorway, and John turned his massive head to see Molly hop her way into his chambers, her clock face showing the time to be a little past eleven in the morning.
It was the beast, it was John.
A howl sounded as he raced past the iron gates, and Sherlock did not ponder on the meaning behind the anguished roar.
Sherlock, consumed by the air of mystery around John, but trusting John, spoke “Siger Holmes” into the night in a confused tone, engrossed as the mirror swirled with colors and Sherlock saw his father reflected back to him.
Oh yes, she had heard about the war-torn villages and what happened to women there. She knew the reality all too well- but Sherlock was desperate for freedom as everyday her brain was atrophying due to the dullness of court life.
John nodded slowly, and began to draw the articles of clothing gently down Sherlock’s alabaster legs until they were pooled on the floor of the bedroom. Sherlock’s cock bounced up to rest on his stomach, and he closed his eyes as he felt John’s eyes raking over his skin, memorizing him from his place on his knees.
“Such a
Observing his young lover for a moment longer, John couldn't control the grin that spread across his face. Sherlock was simply adorable, even after months of marriage, John was still able to make him blush like the first time.
, John’s mind whispered as he watched Sherlock claw at his arms, his face blushing when he saw John looking at his opening, licking his lips hungrily.
Sherlock leaned back, his blue-grey eyes widening and his pupils dilating in arousal, before nodding, turning on his heel and walking towards the bedroom to undress. He loved that John always took control, allowing him to relax and let go of his usually rigidly held control.
Oh… Oh yes.
John thought, his arousal growing.
John walked slowly forward, predatorily, and Sherlock felt a throbbing in his groin at the look. John reached forward and, in a swift movement, unbuckled Sherlock’s trousers and shoved them down, grabbing him and walking him over to the couch in only his tight blank pants and white button down.
Sherlock continued dressing, pausing after a moment when he realized John had never responded. Turning around, he saw John oscillating in the doorway, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly.
he thought,
Leaning down to kiss his curly head, John watched Sherlock snuffle lightly, already asleep once again.
Sherlock felt heat flickering back to his face, once again cursing his pale complexion, as John looked at his most private place. When Sherlock hesitantly peered down, John was watching the hole quiver with a hungry expression on his face.
Hello all! I just got back from Spring Break- I went to NYC and had a wonderful trip. I saw Phantom of the Opera, and so I threw a few references in this chapter for fun! I hope you all enjoy this chapter! Comments/Kudos appreciated <3
Sherlock began writhing anew at this, is hips thrusting in the cool air and his eyes fluttering in overwhelming pleasure, his cock leaking continuously now, a waterfall of wetness down his straining manhood.
John spun his ranting detective around, stretched on his toes and kissed him, hard, tasting of Earl Grey and the leftover over Chinese take out they had eaten earlier. Sherlock’s shock at being cut off lasted only a few seconds before he tentatively began to kiss back, wrapping his gangly arms around the doctor’s waist and back and gently moving his lips over the thin lip’s belonging to John.
Before Sherlock could panic any further, John reentered the room, carrying- wait, was that a book of poetry?
John tightened his grip, and Sherlock came, painting his abdomen with his release as John stroked him to relief.
Rather than indicate his presence quite yet, Sherlock searched for breaks in the dust line to indicate which way his father had been taken. The carpet on the stairs seemed to be worn from use recently, and so Sherlock crept up the steps, turning randomly to the right to continue his search.
Never mind what else she wanted. She couldn't choose her destiny. She would have to wed at some point, and quickly. Marriage negotiations were already happening behind closed doors, and soon she would be sold off like a prized mare to help the kingdom's resources in these dire times.
“Well I’ve never…. Sherlock Regina Evelyn Holmes, you are not too old for me to put over my knee, and don’t think I wont,” she declared with a fierce glare at her charge. Sherlock paled and her mouth fell open in shock.
“I don’t want to die. I don’t
“Enter,” she called, nervously peeking towards the door in case it was….
Shaking his melancholy away, Sherlock gathered up the torn remnants of John’s cloak, holding them against the wound and putting pressure, his heart aching at John’s small grunt of pain.
, "apologize,"
John felt a kinship with the people, the people who were empty eyed and sorrowful like her, and so she moved to the small city to wither away into anonymity.
John was feeling somewhat boastful that he was too large for Sherlock to take fully his first time, but he pushed the wicked thought away, his mind swimming with images of Sherlock.
“Go to the bedroom,” John whispered with a smile between kisses, “strip, then wait for me, love.”
Cheers!
He appeared to be in his thirties, with a face lined in a distinguished fashion, his hair was short and swept to the side, and his clothes, which were once befitting the beast, now hung off of him loosely as he was muscled but not immense. He appeared quite ordinary, and yet familiar, but Sherlock’s emotionally wrung brain could not deduce the meaning behind the man.
John settled onto plush chair that sat in the corner of the bathroom with a relieved sigh after standing for such a long period of time.
He picked Sherlock up, smirking slightly at Sherlock’s confused hum when he is moved, and holds him above his cock facing John, letting go of his hips slightly and guiding him down, down,
Meanwhile, Moriarty found himself walking down a dreary hallway, finding claw marks abundant on the art and destroyed curtains, and he grinned, his eyes flashing at the promise of a kill.
“Let me down this instant, or I will have you punished for your insubordination!” Sherlock quietly hissed, but John simply brought the princess closer to her body and shushed her as if she was a child.
For she had seen that there was no love or kindness left in his heart.
And in the dark of night, when John was locked away in his room only a floor away from the resident detective, he allowed himself to think about
mistake for being so selfless. Let him regret his choice. But John knew, in the deep recesses of his mind that had not been destroyed by alcohol, that Sherlock's sacrifice was a noble one.
“Well, Doctor, fix me by whatever means,” Sherlock said, challenge in his voice, as if he did not trust John’s ability to “cure” him. Unlike their previous scenes, Sherlock was not as deeply in subspace as he normally was during their play.
“And I, you sweetheart,” John answered with a final peck, the two men resting their forehead’s together in the silence of the flat, the only sounds emanated from the bustling city of London just outside their window.
“I just wanted to say that I’m sorry you’re being paraded before all these men,” John murmured, as if the two women were sharing a secret. Sherlock leaned back against the pillar and felt the cool marble soothe her flushed skin. Oh-
Sherlock looked up to meet his eyes, a challenge shining in his own changeable irises, “you don’t have a hint of perfume around you, rather cologne.”
Laying the one towel on the bed, he instructed Sherlock to lie down on it. John quickly dried himself off, and then turned to Sherlock lying on the bed, naked and splayed out, trusting John implicitly.
Sherlock woke up with a startled gasp, his heart pounding and sweat trickling down his back as he stole a glance over to his companion, who was still fast asleep with his stubble covered cheek resting upon the pillow. In the silence of the morning, Sherlock took in the sight of John, his face relaxed, lightly wrinkled and flushed lightly from sleep, and his heart began to settle slowly from its panicked thumping.
, from John’s attentions, that he had to clench his hands into fist to keep from overwhelming Sherlock too much.
“You-You’re not-“ Siger gasped out, losing his speech at the furious expression on the
Sherlock stood up and stretched, feeling a pleasant throbbing coming from his backside and his still hardened nipples and realized that, perhaps, he could get used to this.
Sherlock sat up after another moment, taking off his shirt and wriggling out of his pants, ignoring John’s laugh at his ridiculous movements to escape the tight riding pants Mrs. Hudson insisted he wear. Sherlock gave a mock growl, his cheeks blushing as he watched John peruse his naked flesh lazily, his member a deep red and leaking with interest.
Well, thought John with a smirk, at least Sherlock was feeling more like himself now.
“Do I look like a man to you?” John asked bitterly, gesturing to his monstrous form, but Sherlock only grinned slightly and pointed to his eyes.
Moran grinned, pleased, “no, sir, no sign of Mycroft.”
Sherlock bit down on reflex, beginning to chew to proffered food while still rocking, his cock leaking down his shaft as his mind swirled with the delicious food and vibrations pulsing from within the core of his body.
“Yes, come now,” John commanded, and Sherlock’s head fell back, his ebony curls in a disarray as he shot out of his cock untouched. His release coating their stomachs in a massive amount from the overstimulation and the orgasm denial.  John’s orgasm came only moments later, and he came with a roar from the quivering pulsations of Sherlock’s arse around his cock as the younger man’s orgasm tapered off with breathy sighs of pleasure.
Siger noted with a shiver that had nothing to do with the chill of the wind. Shaking himself from his gawking, he turned to the gazebo and walked cautiously inside, feeling an intruder although he did not see any signs of life.
He met Sherlock’s nervous eyes and, with a wink, pressed a wet kiss right on Sherlock’s awaiting hole.
“Sherlock please, bee, you don’t understand-“ Siger was cut off by a roar, Sherlock fell to the ground and twisted his body, looking for the source of the angered roar. Sherlock’s heart was racing from fear, and he desperately tried to pull apart the cell bars, but it was no use.
,” he trailed off in a moan as John continue to fuck him, Sherlock’s cock began to harden once again from the endless stimulation and he felt John smirking behind him.
“I adore you, Sherlock,” John said, kissing Sherlock deeply, nipping at her lower lip and clutching her close.
“John, do you want to maybe, take pictures of me,” Sherlock muttered, looking back to the phone with a feigned apathetic tone. John stared at him in confusion, looking between Sherlock and his phone is a crinkle between his eyes, lines deepening the creases in his forehead.
Sherlock was desperately horny, aching and needy, but John was determined to do his work rather than, well, do Sherlock.
Well, that was filthy....
“As long as you were polite- John looked positively out of sorts in the hallway!” Mrs. Hudson began to instruct the servants while Sherlock peered curiously at the door. Perhaps she was too cruel to John before, perhaps John hadn’t meant to….
without being monopolized by human beings.”
The beast roared, startling Sherlock into stumbling away from the rose, tripping over his feet and landing on his back. Sherlock stared at the beast, who was now standing over him, in horror.
Sherlock sat on his new bed, trying to block out the sounds of his siblings arguing nearby. He opened the fairytale book his mother favored with stories that always involved a happy ending, trying to remember happier times.
, Sherlock thought to himself, blinking away the stinging sensation in his eyes in favor of looking at John. The two men only broke their gazes when Rosie wrapped her tiny arms around their legs, and began tugging to get their attention.
Grabbing his hand, John pulled Sherlock back to the main road and hailed a cab, watching the detective fidget as the plug drove him to distraction. John’s lips twitched as he saw Sherlock pull his coat tighter to cover his arousal.
The wolves ran to attack the threat, and the beast fended them off as best as he could. The wolves tore viciously at his clothing, his cloak, biting at the scruff of his neck and legs while one latched onto his arm, digging into the flesh and causing the beast to fall over from the pain.
John was straight.
“Good morning, love,” John snuffled behind him, his voice gravel with disuse, stroking one hand up and down Sherlock’s naked side, causing the flesh to break out in goose bumps at the slightly ticklish sensation.
John lifted on finger up, pressing teasingly against the pink wetness of the winking entrance, before pushing slowly inside, watching Sherlock’s face as he pressed down against John’s questing finger, seeking out his pleasure.
A niggling feeling of guilt was present, but John shoved it away, rolling over to take a nap and trying to forget Sherlock’s sweet expression.
,” Sherlock breathed out as John began slow, teasing thrusts, working himself back up to another release while still denying Sherlock his pleasure.
Your comments and kudos give me, as a writer, life! Any suggestions are welcome :) Best, DPS
she was blushing! The great Sherlock Holmes, the untouchable, cold machine was looking positively edible wearing that little outfit that emphasized all the soft lines on her body.
Sherlock breathed slowly, his chest rising and falling easily, his mind clearer than it had been in ages.
“Yes, I know. I will miss you all,” Sherlock said with a thick voice, leaning down to pick up Mrs. Hudson gently and place a kiss on her ceramic cheek, “please give Rosie my love.”
John gasped out, the water pelting against his back as Sherlock grasped his penis at the base, and brought his mouth forward. Pecking teasingly at the tip for a moment in sweet, short kisses, he began to draw the length slowly, carefully, into his mouth.
Loveless and alone, the Prince lived off his war earned riches,
without a King’s Guard. A
He was startled from his melancholy by Sherlock, “I’ve always loved bees. I’ve studied them since I was a child, and when we lived in London, I was able to visit a science museum and learn about different species and functions of different bees. My favorite bee is a honeybee, from the line of Genus Bombus, part of Apidae, one of the bee families. I love honey, I ate it everyday-“ Sherlock cut himself off suddenly, but they both heard the
“Huge,” Siger nodded, ignoring Mycroft’s signals to stop talking.
John saw a glowing light out of the corner of his eye, and turned to face the deep red rose hidden under the glass case, glimmering in the darkness as a constant reminder of John's cruelty and loss of kindness. It was beginning to wilt, turning darker with many petals already rotting at the bottom of the encasement. A reminder: John had until the first kiss of spring to fall in love and be loved in return. Once all the petals had fallen, all hope was lost.
“Now love, I want you to listen carefully. Pick out the form fitting black riding pants, the black formal boots, and the deep blue ruffled shirt, with a lower cut neckline, leaving his collarbones exposed, the red line fading from the night almost two months ago in the beast's chambers.
Laying down next to Sherlock after a moment and entwining their fingers once more, he waited for his love to say something, hoping that Sherlock's first time wasn't too overwhelming. John felt overwhelmed, he had never had such passionate intercourse, but then again, Sherlock always was special.
He was running through a forest, a feeling of urgency beating steadily in his heart as he rushed to a destination that was a mystery.
John’s eyes twinkled with mischief as he pressed just a bit and Sherlock’s opened, the softly bristled washcloth being pressed in with John’s finger.
outside of the army, but he was greeted by a flustered expression, a brilliant redness settling over Michael’s rounded cheeks, and John felt a wicked smile pulling at the edge of his mouth.
Sherlock was wearing….
Spinning slightly, she took in the blood-red gown curling around her feet with satisfaction. Molly had spread some kohl around her eyes and they were striking, and her heart was piled in a mass of curls around her head.
John walked in a few moments later, and seeing Sherlock’s sheet-clad body, his arousal, so long ignored, began to swell.
Trying to process the influx of information to her system and get her mind back online, she only heard the end of John’s rambling, “-and I know I’ve confused you in the past saying I’m not gay, but 221B is home.”
“Because we agreed that it would be best for my safety if she were stationed at the entrance to deter any intruders,” Sherlock lied easily, and Mrs. Hudson nodded in agreement a moment afterwards.
John took a deep breath and released it, feeling utterly content to lie there until Sherlock beckoned for him to follow. John knew that while he may have the upper hand in their physical relationship, that Sherlock was still Sherlock and dominated his work and the world at large.
Sherlock opened his mouth to argue, but saw John’s blue eyes steel themselves for a swift and thorough punishment. Sherlock gulped and nodded, his head lolling to the side and secretly wishing he could drop to his knees right there and let John guide him into his submissive headspace.
As John watched his lover fidget under his stare, a slow grin rose to his face as an inescapable plan entered his mind.
John knew he would never again look at that armchair without remembering this moment, Sherlock lost in pleasure, from John teasing his nipples with abandon.
With a final squeeze, she let go and scurried down the hall to manage the staff for the banquet happening that night.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, muttering something about a drama queen, and John was flabbergasted. Was this not the same Sherlock who had run from him in terror only a while ago?
“I, well, I suppose I view you as older, an authority figure. I’ve never done any of this before, after all,” Sherlock said bashfully, and John’s tender smile grew wicked.
“Yes, you’re my papa,” Rosie said matter-of-factly, smiling up at him and John sank to the floor, settling himself on his knees and putting his head in his hands, beginning to cry. After all these years, all this time... He was unable to believe that a little girl whom he had loved from afar for so long, for almost eight years, could remember him, remember him as a man worthy of smiling at with her two teeth missing and her fine blonde hair, looking to all the world an angel.
,” John growled, landing a few more smacks to Sherlock’s sit spots, just to ensure he would feel their sting during dinner, his tender, soft arse cheeks now glowing a light crimson and standing out beautifully against Sherlock’s ivory skin.
Sherlock felt a pulse of arousal at being called a slut and sat back on his heels, his tingling and red arse resting against his heels as he sucked at John, humming lightly and tracing his wicked tongue along the sensitive slit at the top of his cock and listening to John’s pleased groans of arousal.
The beast is the prince. Prince John. Sherlock is going to dinner with a prince turned beast. It was like a fairytale, the ones he read about as a child- and secretly keeps under his bed at home for when he needs imagine a world with a prince charming. And true, the beast was not
John felt his stomach tighten at the look of dejection on Sherlock’s face, and after a moment, an idea came to mind.
John sighed, looking away for a moment before looking back to Sherlock’s wide eyes, “I’ve cared for you for a long time. That’s why it didn’t work out with Michael, he knew my heart wasn’t free to be given.”
With that, John flipped Sherlock over, the man pliant against John’s wishes, and John’s eyes widened as he took in the sight beneath him as Sherlock came down from his orgasm.
At the (embarrassing, stomach fluttering) endearment, Sherlock launched himself into John’s tanned arms, shuddering into his body as he sought out physical comfort that words could not express nor assuage.
The two men came with a cry moments later, moaning out each other’s names in the delicious pleasure that was overtaking their emotional, overwrought bodies, their releases causing the two men to collapse together shortly afterwards.
“That was brilliant, princess, simply brilliant,” John praised as she walked a few steps towards her and, ignoring the shocked glances and murmurings in the hall, bowed low and bestowed a kiss to Sherlock’s bony hand. Sherlock stood still as a statue, shocked that the woman would bestow a man's greeting in such a public space. Her lips were soft and warm, oh so warm, against Sherlock's skin, and she felt a tingling run up her arm.
“Leave me Molly. And as long as he stays on the grounds, he may go wherever he wishes, as long as he stays out of the West Wing.” The
Take John away from him.
“Hey John, do you want to grab a coffee or tea?” Michael asked sweetly, and John nodded, getting up with a smile to order a small cup of earl grey, taking the steaming mug back to Michael, and sitting down with a smile.
Halfway through Sherlock’s release, John began to climax, panting out Sherlock’s name and twisting their hands together, watching with greedy eyes and Sherlock leaned down to slip his nipple into his mouth, sucking on it and causing John to release one more wave of pleasure between their bodies.
“I-that is-I-yes” Sherlock agreed unsteadily, “but you are giving me these”
Sherlock rolled out of bed, walking across the room to where his dressing gown lay and picked it up, tugging it on over his pajamas, remembering how John put on the pajamas on his unconscious body. Such an idea might be uncomfortable to someone else, but Sherlock felt nothing but safe at the thought of John caring for him; a shy smile tugging at his lips in the early morning light.
Without really thinking about it- John reached for his phone and took a picture of Sherlock- his curls mussed from his punishment and his shirt and trousers unusually unkempt from where they had been ruffled during their skirmish.
Their song began to play as they stepped onto the dance floor, and the two men glanced over to see Mrs. Hudson instructing the band to begin playing their song.
Sherlock always kept her hair in a tight bun at the back of her head, and almost no one had ever seen her hair down. Even living with John that past two years, she had never seen Sherlock’s hair unfastened. In the confines of her own brilliant mind, Sherlock recognized that she scorned how feminine she looked with the soft curls framing her face, lessening the sharp edge of her cheekbones and the length of her oval face and neck.
Facing Michael fully, John ran his eyes down his lean body, noticing Michael following his prying gaze with a shocked expression, clutching the forms closer to his chest so as to not drop them. John slowly strolled forward, ever the army captain, and decided to take action.
“Don’t muffle yourself, sweetheart, let me hear you. The moans you make are so adorable,” he said with a smirk in his voice, and Sherlock blushed as his heart skipped a beat at being called endearments, equal parts mortified and pleased.
“Shhh, shhhh, darling, that is what we have those colors for,” John soothed, continuing to hold himself up with on arm but bringing the other up to wide the sweat soaked curls from his forehead, kissing him lightly there, and on his nose.
Michael watched him for another moment with a sad smile, the light from his forest green eyes fading into something like acceptance, “you care for him,” Michael said, "more than just friends," and John opened his mouth to deny it, as he always did.
Philip, spooked, thrust Sherlock off his back. Sherlock yelled out, and Philip tried to run away, but his reign caught on a low hanging tree in the scuttle, and he was unable to run any farther.
A knock at the door roused Sherlock from her experiment.
Skimming his hands along Sherlock's outstretched arms, John entangled their fingers and anchored them together, hand to hand, intimately connected and warming one another from the ice as Sherlock came beneath them. John, unable to control himself while Sherlock was spasming around his throbbing cock, came moments later, plunging himself deeply into Sherlock and locking himself there, moving his hips in circular motions and keeping his member encased in the inviting heat of Sherlock’s body.
“I am going to fuck you with these on, and you’re going positively
Sherlock watched John carefully for any pain as he pushed another long, dexterous finger into John’s opening, grinning when he saw John’s eyelids flutter in pleasure, a different pleasure from penetrating someone.
“Sherlock-“
“John? What are you waiting for?” Sherlock asked in a seemingly bored tone, having picked up his beautiful violin and was plucking carelessly at the strings with his dexterous fingers while John looked at him, frozen in the past that seems to loom over the flat even now.
Sherlock caught John’s appreciative stare and looked down bashfully, “that would be acceptable John,” Sherlock responded, his violinist’s fingers catching on the sleeve of his dress shirt as he nervously straightened his sleeves.
But John knew what that skin looked like when it was flushed from pleasure, his lips still plump from the passionate kissing, his delightfully elegant cock curved up
“Tea, John?” Sherlock chuckled lightly, “can you be more British? Drinking tea turns you on?”
“What!” Lestrade exclaimed, “but they were getting so close, I felt sure they were falling in love.”
Sherlock drew her hands up to steeple her hands below her chin, tuning out Molly as she babbled on about something or other. Sherlock was distracted, her ire growing with each passing moment as she was dressed and primped like a- well, a princess.
Sherlock left.
Sherlock sat in his leather armchair in front of the fire, and pondered sex by himself. More specifically sex with John.
Turning away from his loved ones in anger and resentment, until they too left.
“He’s there John,” Sherlock whispered, and saw John glance briefly at Lord Grey, taking in his fine suit, glass of brandy, and obviously faked chuckles.
“Tell me what’s wrong, sweetheart,” John commanded softly, brushing Sherlock's hair and causing Sherlock’s entire body to tense at the endearment, before a few more helpless tears escaped, the younger man feeling confused and tired and just wanting John to help him, guide him. He was so tired of always being in control. His mind was still swirling, and the crying had given him a headache.
” John shouted, catching Sherlock’s attention as she lifted her head to stare into John’s baby blue eyes that were glistening with- fondness?
, Sherlock sneered to herself and drew her legs tighter around her,
,” Sherlock gasped, and John smirked wickedly, leaning in to whisper while nibbling on his ear.
John watched as Sherlock’s enduring orgasm finally subsided, and decided to give him a moment to catch his breath and recoup, walking to get a washcloth and depositing the anal beads in the sink of the bathroom to be washed, trying to ignore his aching prick.
John blinked in confusion, wondering who else would come to such a deserted-
“Alright then, now for you” Siger announced, beginning to dig away in his case once more.
But John did not appear, and Sherlock walked on. As he strode forward, observing his surroundings in an uncharacteristically cautious manner, he felt a tingling beginning to build in his abdomen, traveling lower and lower and settling- down
“And I you, John,” Sherlock replied, “I wore lingerie for you, after all.”
Sherlock scowled at being caught and looked away, a bashful light in his eyes as John watched his little one fondly.
John glared for a moment before his lips began to quiver and turn up in an amused expression as well in the face of Sherlock's mirth.
Mrs. Hudson nodded, and watched Sherlock pack the looking glass. He glanced around the room one last time, and picking up his pack and his rose, turned to leave.
For he was beautiful, in every way. As he grew, his attractive, if unique, features set him apart from other noble born children, and Sherlock was often teased in his lessons by his peers and his siblings, as they too were jealous of Sherlock’s beauty.
“Yes,” She murmured, taking his small, clutching hand into her own. She continued to feel uneasy in his presence, but he seemed harmless. Besides, his pocketsquare was bright yellow, his hair was highly styled, and all signs pointed towards women not being "his type."
John. Dress-uniform. John in a dress-uniform. With his rank clearly displayed. Oh.
John picked up the anal beads, his cerulean eyes sparkling with mischief as he turned back to Sherlock.
Here is the long awaited Pride chapter! No sex- only fluff and pride :)
Of course Sherlock was going commando, the slutty prat.
"What are you thinking about, love?"
“It is a good morning, isn’t it?” John commented, leaning down to press teasing pecks all over Sherlock’s grinning face while the younger man laughed and tried to push him away.
But no, Sherlock wouldn’t see his body as worthy next to a painting or a sculpture. But how does someone prove something to a genius?
John stood up from her bowing position and listened as the untouchable princess thanked her (while stammering a touch) and mentioned her by rank. She smiled genuinely at the girl in response, nodding her head to thank the princess for the acknowledgment.
Sherlock told John she was going to the loo for a shower, and she left the water running as she got dressed and did her make-up, only turning the water off while putting on the final touches.
Sherlock continued to lick and suck sloppily, until John came with a low groan, calling Sherlock name as Sherlock swallowed around his cock, mouthing at him through his orgasm and swallowing his cum, not a single drop escaping when Sherlock let off with a dirty ‘pop,’ licking his lips in satisfaction.
John looked down at the curly haired mop of a head on his chest, allowing a few silent tears to fall down his cheeks before sniffling and reaching a hand up to muss the already wild curls.
“Daddy, yes,” John responded matter of factly, “your arse is mine.”
Content in their embrace, Sherlock allowed himself to rest his head on top of John’s, one hand stroking up his spine and cupping at his neck, holding him close.
John gave a choked laugh, the laughter turning swiftly into a pained cough, his chest moving ever slower. Sherlock wiped his eyes once more, and watched as a tear trickled down John’s face and settled in his chestnut fur, glistening in the moonlight.
, realizing that Sherlock had little to no gag reflex and he was able to fit just over half of his enormous cock into Sherlock’s pouting mouth.
Once he determined his love was ready, he leaned up and captured John’s trembling lips with his own, kissing John for a moment before John tentatively began to kiss back.
,” Sherlock simpered, and could
“I don’t
John stifled a naughty grin by taking a swig from his beer while adjusted his trousers subtly. It was going to be a long afternoon.
“I’ve come for my father,” Sherlock announced with a courage he did not feel, “how could you imprison him in this way? He is freezing, he might die!” He shouted, his temper rising at the thought of his father’s needless punishment.
nonsense, not from you. Not anymore,” he said, and she kissed him on the cheek, nodding her assent.
John stood up, and with a nod and a farewell, he dumped his coffee in the nearest bin and started home.
“It seems like only yesterday Sherlock was splashing around in the bathtub with his favorite stuffed honeybee, crying out for his mama and I to play with him,” Sherlock’s Papa said mournfully, ignoring the indignant
Over two stories high, with two floors and armchairs, a fireplace and three ladders, the colors of the faded covers complementing the shining wood of the freshly cleaned room, the library was the most intricate and wonderful room Sherlock had ever seen. His curious virescent eyes poured over the space, half-believing he was in a dream.
John spanked his arse swiftly, adoring he handprint that blossomed on Sherlock’s naughty bum in the next instant, “behave, Sherlock.” Then John moved Sherlock slightly off of his lap and got up, motioning for him to follow John to his chair.
This will be the final scene for those of you who are not interested in Explicit content, and I hope I've wrapped up the story nicely for you. I am changing the rating to Explicit for the final chapters, because Sherlock and John deserve some physical and emotional intimacy and I want to give it to them. I'm taking requests on what you all would like Sherlock and John to do in the sex scenes, if not, I'll be left to my own imaginings, which may be dangerous :)
John began to weave them around the head board, and then tugged Sherlock’s arms up, tieing his wrists together and tugging, tighter, until he was held tightly by the ribbons to the headboard, his arms flexing from the light stress on his muscles.
Sherlock’s mind shut off, stopped spinning, and the world lurched to a stop.
“Sherlock, reach your hands back,” John instructed, and Sherlock obeyed with a questioning look on his face, before John took his hands and placed them on this own backside.
into Sherlock’s mug and milk into his own.
, John purred to himself in satisfaction, pulling out his phone from where he had left it the night before on the kitchen table and snapping a picture of the sleeping, bare as a newborn Sherlock.
“Hmm-
“Very well, we can play, but I am not sure I am able to leave the room yet,” Sherlock commented, biting his lip in indecision. On the one hand, he wanted to explore his new-enchanted prison, but on the other, he could do without another run in with the beast.
With a smile, John kissed his forehead and rubbed his arms before succumbing to sleep himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was clenching his arse, trying to relax despite the large girth splitting him open, making him delirious with pleasure and sensations as every rock rubbed against his sweet spot.
your new panties,” John whispered, removing his fingers with a wet sounding squelch.
“Shh, I know you have a heart John, and we’re friends now, aren’t we?” Sherlock asked quietly, biting his lip as if worried John would reject him, and John had to stifle a shocked laugh.
“John, everyone will
purposefully and internally sighed in relief as the looks of confusion morphed into usual looks of distain and begrudging acceptance from Scotland Yard’s Finest. Sherlock Holmes was merely solving another case.
John glanced up, still bent over, and gave Sherlock a tiny wink. Sherlock gasped inaudibly and felt her cheeks pinking at the attention from the female soldier.
Meanwhile, Sherlock had gone to a high end-shopping district in London and was standing outside of a Parisian lingerie shop, oscillating on the pavement and biting his lip.
“What happened?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock secretly loved her beautiful gowns, she just hated that she was paraded about in them for men's pleasure. She wore her gowns for
Sherlock imagined if the waltz had a name, it would be their song, with a tentative beginning, and a rising crescendo of passion, finally settling into something andante and sweeter.
The room was not dreary like the rest of the castle, but rather was sparkling with new life.
“I wouldn’t have run away if you didn’t try to maul me and scare me half to death!” Sherlock exclaimed in exasperation, still cleaning the wound and glaring at it, as if it was the cause of their problems.
Sherlock came suddenly with a shout, painting his stomach with his seed as he covered his mouth with his unoccupied hand, muffling his whimpers of pleasure as wave after wave of unbelievable vibrations rolled through his body, shivering up his spine and releasing through his untouched cock.
After all, who needs heels?
The detective shivered as he felt John’s hot gaze following him the entire way.
"Please Sherlock, your brother and sister have already told me what they wish for. You can have anything, a new suit perhaps? You're growing like a weed these days!" He exclaimed, watching as an embarrassed flush rose over Sherlocks cheeks with a grin. Sherlock never liked being reminded of how much he was growing, it made him self-conscious to be the tallest person in a room where he was unable to hide. But he was quickly becoming a man, as Siger well knew, and one day Sherlock would become the best of them all, of that he was sure.
“Well, there you have it John!” Sherlock ranted, ignoring his partner who stood up to calm him, ”now you know that I am as infallible to sentiment as you always believed; I imagine the readers of your blog will have a field day realizing that I am susceptible to the baser emotions of the chemical defect found on-“
“Do you trust me?” John murmured against Sherlock’s lips, biting down on his lower lip gently and smiling into the kiss when Sherlock whimpered, “yes.”
the two men thought as one.
The two packed their meager supplies and mounted their horses, beginning their journey to the palace- a two days ride from Iris. As the sounds of the city faded, John began to feel an optimistic hope settling over her (damaged) shoulders.
Sherlock flushed at the insinuation and the fact that John looked at his ever growing collection, already feeling vulnerable after their night together and the reminder of his inexperience making him defensive.
Two days later, the castle and their enchanted residents had settled down from the panic inducing events from the night Sherlock ran away.
Sherlock sighed at the implication that the two of them shared anything, and responded, "just a bit down today, Mr. Moriarty, but I am sure I will be alright soon."
Walking up stairs, he saw the doors were closed to the kitchen and the living room. He strode inside, and looking around he saw that John had gone out.
“What, princess?” John cocked her head to the side in confusion.
“To you, Sherlock. The bravest, wisest, and kindest man I’ve ever know,” John said genuinely, the sentiment for Sherlock shining in his cerulean eyes, and Sherlock felt his throat constricting as he peered at the man who loved him so deeply.
Sherlock was nervously fiddling with her violet skirt and, when she realized this, smoothed the fabric back down with a huff of annoyance, “I mean, I play the violin. I sometimes refuse to talk for days on end. Will that bother you?”
He was respected as a commanding officer and Prince,
At any moment, Lestrade could walk in and see him, flushing down his naked chest from arousal, his cock dripping onto his abdomen and his arse clenching tightly around a vibrator that was forcing him to come again and again from the stimulation alone.
He stalked over, eyeing Sherlock’s pink backside and licking his lips, his cock jutting from his groin in anticipation.
They both chuckled at the awkwardness of the situation, both relaxing at the realization that they were not alone. The beast looked very fine, Sherlock noted, with his long, usually unruly hair tied back in a deep blue ribbon, complementing his eyes and the deep blue of the jacket he wore. His pants were new and in no way ripped, and his undershirt had ruffles with a low-V that made his chest appear even wider.
“Kneel.”
The two men stayed in their warm embrace for a moment longer, before Sherlock’s overactive transport could be denied no longer and he began squirming in John’s hold, aching for release.
Sherlock felt beautiful.
John let out a short laugh at that, looking up into Sherlock’s virescent eyes: “I’m glad, because you’re never taking them off.”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock agreed, amusement lighting his eyes as the two men slowed their movements, the dance coming to an end, the final note floating through the air, settling around their connected bodies.
“No, Mycroft, I haven’t seen the littlest angel. Why? Has he done missing?” Moriarty gasped in faux-concern, causing his minions to chuckle lowly as they watched the interaction.
the look said, and Sherlock gulped and nodded in agreement.
Sherlock watched in fascination, and before John could even mutter a single phrase, Sherlock had dropped to his knees.
than just friends who solve cases together, and giggle at crime scenes, and tell Mycroft to piss off. If John could turn to Sherlock, grab him by his ridiculous coat collar and tug him down for a kiss or two.
His mother died on a Tuesday in the middle of winter, while Sherlock held her hand.
“You love me, yes?” Rosie asked in a blasé way only children can manage, and John looked up, tears still tracing down his cheeks, as he looked into the brown eyes of his ward- no, daughter.
“You’re going to come,” John promised, leaning in to ghost his breath over Sherlock’s ear where he sat panting, “from my voice alone.”
“I love you” Sherlock breathed out, the pain fading lightly as he felt the pulsations from John’s cock melding into his own bodily responses, shivers racking up and down his spine from the impressive length splitting him open.
Finally, John picked up Sherlock's newest vibrator, wide with ridges running up and down each side to positively tease the nerve endings inside of him and cause him to go positively limp with pleasure. With no warning, John thrust the vibrator into Sherlock's exposed opening, reveling in his gasps for a moment before turning it on its lowest pulsing setting.
Finally, after dancing until their feet were sore, just after the sun had gone down on the beautiful day, John and Sherlock said goodnight to their guests, and left the party while the music was still playing, John leading Sherlock to their bedchambers to celebrate their wedding night.
be flatmates and friends. I have feelings for you” John whispered into the warm restaurant air, wondering if the words actually left his mouth, or if they were simply a figment of his imagination. Glancing up into Sherlock’s eyes, however, John saw that the traitorous affections had been expressed verbally, to Sherlock.
John held up one hand to still Sherlock’s arguments, and with an annoyed groan Sherlock bounced up from the floor, but before he could dart away, John grabbed him by the hips and dragged his arse towards John, so it was directly in front of his face from where he sat in his armchair.
“Please k-kiss my nipples,” Sherlock whispered into the quiet living room, the only sound his harsh breathing.
me. Because you’re my Sherlock, my little one, my lover. And you're such a wanton little whore for my cock, and you haven't even had it yet. Imagine what a lush you will become. I could leave you tied up on the bed, begging for me to enter you three, four times a day.”
That castle was huge, and while it appeared uninhabited, the deeper he explored down the winding hallways, the more signs of life he was visible. Chairs and tables lined the halls from when the castle was still in use, but most of the places on the wall where paintings had been hung were now missing.
“I will, because he will have no other choice. If I don’t hurt his father, I will hurt his brother, and we both know how
Looking at the picture, which was actually quite good due to the quality of smartphone cameras, Sherlock’s mind turned with possibilities.
Sherlock stared for a moment longer before his anguished sobs could no longer be contained. He collapsed against John’s chest, burying his face in the soft fur and began pounding his fists on John’s body half-heartedly: “No, John please. Please, don’t leave me,” Sherlock choked out, his hands staining John’s torn shirt with his own blood.
“My bosman is learning. They do grow up so fast,” he teased, and John chuckled at Sherlock’s ridiculous behavior.
But John broke away with a final wet smack to the pouting pink bud, and patted Sherlock on the bum teasingly.
He felt John strong hand gripping his arm, and before he knew it, he was staring down at the worn carpet, lying face down and naked over John’s lap.
John, realizing they were coming to an end of their play, tilted his hips, angling them to meet Sherlock’s prostate directly. John began rubbing against Sherlock’s sweet spot and smiled at the slutty moans, cries, and whimpers the once haughty detective now released into the living room.
He rubbed the washcloth all over Sherlock's worn body, reaching down to wipe off his bits and then further, to his bum. With a little smile at the reddening detective, John rubbed gently around and inside of his entrance, just dipping inside to clean out his cum from Sherlock's aching body.
A woman in a silken violet gown stepped through the door, her pointy chin held high and her dark curls offsetting the paleness of her skin and she strode forward, contempt for those in the room pouring off of her in waves.
After all, she was as innocent as a child, locked up in the castle with hardly any social interaction. All that brilliance, but without any knowledge of the world.
John thought as he paced around the living room, why would Sherlock be heartbroken at John dating another man….
A growl emitted from nearby, and Sherlock stopped walking, frozen in place as he prayed the danger would pass by soon enough. Philip was spooked, and began thrusting onto his hind legs in abject panic.
When he looked back, the beast was gone and the lights had dispersed. In his place, lying on the floor of the balcony, was a short blonde man.
“This is a date, and I asked you, and so I want to pay. You gave me the gift of your charming and undistracted company all night, not a murder to distract you in sight” John explained with a grin, “and I think someone deserves an award.”
'The princess does not strike me as particularly shy. I want to know her,' John thought
“Your father stole from me! He is getting better than he deserves” the creature in darkness snarled lowly, “He will never leave this tower!”
“I am fine, Lestrade, merely concentrating on the task at hand,” Sherlock bit out, trying desperately to achieve his usual arrogant tone and falling miserably short, his slightly voice ringing higher and more breathless rather than low and commanding.
he heard his brother's voice in his head,
Sherlock jumped back, looking up into the icy blue eyes that had captivated his thoughts as of late.
Sherlock smiled at his love, leaning down to kiss his cheek.
Sherlock’s cum dripped down his neck, a flowing path moving downwards to settle in a defined collarbone, and John licked him lips hungrily at the sight.
Sherlock cleared his throat and continued, “and when I was awoken, I realized I knew his face. From the night in the beast’s chamber, there was a portrait of a man, a prince, but it was torn. Ripped to shred by some unhappy force. Claw marks, from the beast.” Sherlock continued, watching Mrs. Hudson’s china visage for any signs of recognition, and her eyes widened as he told his story.
“Wha-What? What does that even mean?” John queried, cocking her head and throwing her blonde braid over her shoulder in the process.
, fading away.
“J-John!” Sherlock gasped, his grey eyes flying open in surprise while John chuckled around the detective’s cock, taking him further into his mouth, sucking it lightly for a moment longer before pulling off with a lewd pop, a string of precum connecting the head to John’s flushed lips.
He felt splayed open and seen all at once.
“Come now, boys, you can tease one another later. Right now, you need to get dressed and see to your responsibilities,” she said in a faux-authoritative tone, a smile still evident in her voice, but the two men nodded, getting out of bed and taking their clean clothes from Mrs. Hudson.
John pulled Sherlock up, and Sherlock licked his lips, capturing John’s lingering release and swallowing it hungrily, peering at John with half-lidded eyes as if he had just received release, and not John.
As she began to descend the grand staircase, her brother glided up to meet her and escort her down. He took note of her tiara, and a soft look passed over his face for a moment before it fell into calculating indifference again.
John could try to pretend that the idea of punishing Sherlock didn’t send a spark of desire straight to his groin, but he would by lying. Adrenaline was still pumping through his veins from the chase and taking down a threat to his love; it was bringing out the deepest possessiveness of John’s nature.
,” Sherlock groaned, his hips rocking without his coherent knowledge as he chased the sensations of rocking against the plug and stimulating his sweet spot inside.
"Have a bad day, love?" A tenor voice sounded from nearby, and Sherlock whipped around to find James Moriarty standing just outside the bakery he had recently vacated, eating an apple and smirking at Sherlock as if he was harboring a secret.
“Good morning, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock replied, his eyes till trained on John’s with a little smirk as he watched John flush slightly and grunt, standing up from his chair and going over to take the scones from Mrs. Hudson.
This was the kind of love people searched for, knowingly or not, sometimes their whole lives long. And Sherlock had stumbled upon it, almost destroyed it, practically lost John to the curse, and yet…
But there was nothing Sherlock could do, John had him trapped, and if he were honest, there was nowhere he wanted to escape to.
“J-John, the windows are open,” Sherlock gasped, scandalized, as his naked body was exposed to the living room, but John grinned in response and began stroking up and down Sherlock’s flank.
Arrogant, obviously a bit public school, and utterly fascinating: deducing John’s military career from his stance, haircut, and slight tan. His family history from a hand me down cell phone.
John would happily go down on her knees before the princess; then she would kiss up her bony knees, thighs, and-
After a few minutes of silence, Sherlock's boredom began to rise, as well as his frustrated arousal, and his mind began to race with memories of his and John's many adventures over the past three months. One particular memory stood out from the rest, and Sherlock remembered each heartbeat, shiver, and trickle of sweat in his tangible mind palace.
John reached over, grabbing the lubricant from the nightstand and dribbling it over Sherlock’s rapidly hardening cock while continuing to kiss him, Sherlock nipping his teeth in punishment while he shivered from the cold lube hitting his sensitive manhood.
A frown was now gracing Sherlock's usually carefree features, and John wished he could bring back the Sherlock from a moment ago that was passionately excited, talking about his bees.
“Come on love, it’s time to go home.” John led Sherlock towards the main street, clutching his hand. Sherlock held tightly like a life-line, and John squeezed his hand in reassurance.
He gestured wildly, appearing out of place among the grey surroundings, “we’ve been called to the palace for an audience with the King! A quest, an untold journey John!”
Or corset. It’s all semantics.
John smiled at the sight his detective made, and he kissed him underneath his chin and on the tip of his nose before guiding him back to sit on the couch. This time John leaned back into the corner with Sherlock between his legs, allowing him to sprawl out like he often preferred to do during a sulk.
Sherlock felt the light, tickling vibrations against his toungued-open hole, and gasped at the feeling against his wet pucker.
Sherlock led Philip down the forest path, slowly in order to not exacerbate the beast's injuries, and he glanced at the beast’s face, reaching out to touch the fur on the side of his neck briefly to wipe away some blood and feel for his pulse.
As it is pride month, the next chapter will feature some sort of pride festivities which the boys will engage in, because I love pride month and what it represents for the LGBTQ+ community.
He had some preparing to do.
“No.”
"Where is he? He couldn't have gotten far," Sherlock growled in frustration, tugging lightly at his curls, his mind whirling at the possibilities of where the murder could have gone.
“I love you, Sherlock. You saved me,” John cried out in abandon, and grasped Sherlock’s neck, leaning forward and touching his lips chastely to Sherlock’s, reveling in the younger man’s gasp and encouraging the kiss to become deeper, a desperate meeting of lips that had too long been denied. He stroked Sherlock’s sharp cheekbones with his thumbs, feeling the heat beneath them and Sherlock’s rapid pulse when his hand slid down to his elegant neck.
John tutted from where he sat in mock sympathy for Sherlock's hungry rosebud, his breath fanning Sherlock's quivering hole where it lay less than a foot away.
Sherlock’s head was empty despite a chanting of John’s name, his complete deductive abilities offline as he took pleasure from his once reviled transport. When he glanced down, his chest heaving and his body glistening with exertion, he was John kneeling between his legs, holding him there and watching Sherlock’s face with adoration plainly expressed.
The murderer was waiting around the corner for the lanky detective to come near enough, stepping into John’s line of vision about twenty meters away and facing Sherlock. With a twisted smile at the army doctor, he pulled out a revolver, leveling it at Sherlock with a steady arm in the next moment.
“Get. Out.” The voice commanded lowly, with a growl in his tone, and Moriarty smiled and turned, holding his sword out and addressing the beast.
“You’re my beautiful boy,” John murmured, setting a pillow on the center of the bed, “now lay down on your tummy and let me take care of you, sweetheart.”
John smiled fondly at Sherlock’s well-hidden nervousness (well-hidden to anyone but John), and he steeled himself.
-just beyond the screen.
“But-“
of you, well, that was an entirely new experience. And John seemed to be reveling in it, his hands tangled in the sheets, his legs splayed wide and trembling lightly in pleasure and Sherlock began to scissor his fingers, working John open. As Sherlock leaned down to watch his fingers disappearing inside of his husband, he was struck by the fact that John; noble, war-hardened, masculine John was allowing Sherlock to see him like this, completely lost to his pleasure. Completely trusting.
There it was, the affection John wished to hear endlessly. The often overused phrase that would never lose its meaning between them, who had fought to express the words with so much ardor, for so many years.
Sherlock felt his heart pound in his ears as he looked at him, John.
“Take him to the carriage and then to his village. NOW.” The beast boomed, the light dancing over his snarling face, and Sherlock was spurred into action from his shock.
Sherlock followed tentatively behind, not entirely sure what to make of John’s uncharacteristic silence. He followed John up the steps to 221B and walked to stand in the center of the living room, watching as John peered out the window, his back military straight and tensing his shoulders. His blonde-silver hair shone lightly in the dimming daylight, and Sherlock asserted no man had ever looked as handsome as John Watson.
Towels ran over his body, cleaning it of the excess water and causing his hair to turn shiny and fluffy, and he glared at Lestrade’s poorly covered laughter at the sight of his softened master.
In the aftermath, in the wake of swirling half-consciousness, Sherlock laid on John’s stomach, with John stroking up and down his back as they tangled their legs together, basking in the glow and endorphins from their intense joining. After a moment John gently rolled Sherlock over, ignoring his grunt of dissatisfaction, and cleaned off their stomachs with a rag, leaning down to mop lightly at Sherlock's leaking hole and ignoring his brilliant blush and kicking feet.
, please!” Sherlock begged, his back glistening with sweat. John reached a hand up to toy with the curls on the back of his head, and pulled up sharply, and delicate follicles being teased causing Sherlock to shatter beneath him as he came, rocking wildly against the sheets in ecstasy as he stained the sheets beneath him with his release.
“Yes.”
- you were made to do this-“ John panted out, stroking Sherlock’s curls and being careful not to tug too hard. Sherlock smiled at John’s poetry, secretly enjoying his attempt to verbalize his pleasure, and decided it was time to take it one step further. Trailing kisses back up to John’s face, he kissed John’s lips a few times to distract him as Sherlock reached over and grabbed the slick from the bedside table.
Sherlock clasped his hands together, feeling another pang in his chest at the thought of John now, alone in the castle. At least Mrs. Hudson assured they would take care of him.
“I just, need to change,” Sherlock breathed, walking to stand behind the privacy screen.
And while John was once a decent soldier and competent Captain, she knew that society would only allow so much.
-medical instruments.
Like any first time, it wasn’t perfect. But for the two men lying in each other’s arms, warm and happy, the moment couldn’t be ruined by an idea as trivial as perfect.
“Yes, I think I realized how confusing it would have been for you shortly after you left. But Sherlock-“ John took his hand away from stroking Sherlock’s hair and reached down to lift up his chin, forcing Sherlock to meet his eyes, “I had no idea you wanted that with me. Anything. That’s why I always denied it when people asked, I thought you would hate people assuming we were together.”
“I’ll just leave this door a bit cracked, shall I?” John asked, ignoring Sherlock’s panicked cries behind the gag, smirking lightly, “and let’s hope our guest isn’t too curious to go looking.”
“You’re a beautiful dancer, your highness,” came a light voice from the darkness.
Yes, people would go home to their loved ones, John imagined.
“Fine,” the princess growled and, sitting up, reached for the conditioner that soothed her errant curls.
Sherlock just looked for a moment, watching the cock flush with blood and harden with want, and felt a thrill that he was still able to cause this reaction from John. John
And, remembering Sherlock’s blushes and desperation for John’s touches, deferring to John naturally as breathing, John grinned mischievously at the thought that they might have to have a few discussions about dynamics in the
Still, it was mortifying to be reminded, but Sherlock bit back the rest of his protests, knowing they would only lead to a punishment.
“Oh-Oh my God, it’s Sherlock Holmes and John Watson!” A girl, wearing a pansexual flag around her shoulders, yelled to her friend. The two men turned around upon hearing their names, and the girl waved at them frantically.
you two finally pulled your heads out of your arses! Honestly,” he chuckled, “I’m glad to see you together, after all this time. It suits you,” he winked at Sherlock and turned back to his team, leaving the two men on the fringes of the crime scene.
, he thought sullenly, looking at the ornate room around him that was once beautiful, but now smells of stale air and too many years unused. The realization of his dire situation occurs to Sherlock in that instant, and he couldn't stem the hot tears from spilling over his eyes and down his cheeks.
“Hide your face all you like, but I know you love this. Me, carrying you as if you weigh nothing, proving that I can do
At that moment, John felt a pair of eyes on her and, glancing across the grounds, she saw a pale pair of eyes watching her with a curious expression. John smirked slightly and raised her eyebrows at the girl once she realized the identity of her audience member was Sherlock- when the princess discovered that John had found her out, she darted behind the stone pillar, her purple skirts flowing behind her as she fled.
“Why did you get a spanking, Sherlock?” John asked seriously after allowing a moment for Sherlock to settle, and Sherlock’s face, which had faded slightly, its scarlet hue dimming after his pleasurable release, enflamed anew at the fact they were going to talk about his punishment.
Their chests were meeting as they breathed together, nipples brushing and their already glistening bodies rubbing against one another; the intensity of the moment weighting on both their hearts as they were connected in the most intimate of acts.
“What’re you doing love?” John asked, clearly uninterested in the answer as he continued to kiss Sherlock neck, moving forward to lave at his ears lightly, sucking on his right earlobe and holding Sherlock by his thin hips, allowing him to feel John’s slight bulge. Sherlock sighed in response, rocking back slightly.
“You know what I want, love, let me hear it,” he said with a sly smile and a languorous roll of his hips.
He checked the bindings absentmindedly to make sure they were hurting Sherlock, and peered at his well-fucked lover. Sherlock was flushed red and panting, his eyes wet and delirious from the overstimulation and the powerful orgasms that had occurred within minutes of one another.
John clucked his teeth together disapprovingly, his voice a little breathless, “You just can’t seem to learn, can you, love?” John pulled out his soaked, purpling arousal, flipping Sherlock around and pushing the ruined pillows to the floor, twisting the bindings above Sherlock’s arms.
Sherlock clutched the reigns tighter and prayed he wouldn’t be too late.
Once a sizable hole had been cut free, the men began to enter one by one into the darkened foyer, seeing household objects lying about everywhere.
He paced over to Sherlock, and with a grin, plucked the detective up from his resting place, smiling at his surprised yelp, and placed him over his knee, his arse propped up in a very reminiscent position.
The young detective gulped deeply, his adam’s apple bobbing slightly as he shuffled slowly over to the couch and gracefully draped his upper body across the armrest, leaving his full bum deliciously outlined in his bespoke trousers.
Finally, with the jacket off and the fire adverted, Moran clutched at his arm and looked at the pandemonium around him. A dresser was slamming a man’s head in the draws until he was knocked unconscious; a small clock was whipping down the banister with a knife and proceeded to plunge it into a man’s vulnerable neck with a decidedly feminine cry.
“I-I want you, to be in control,” Sherlock whispered, “I want you romantically and sexually, I know that,” Sherlock continued, and John leapt at the chance to talk about the sexual part of their relationship in the discussion.
His plush arsecheeks were resting against John morning stubble, and it scratched tantalizingly against Sherlock sensitive, alabaster skin.
At that point, John leaned forward and parted Sherlock’s cheeks to reveal his pink entrance. Blowing gently on the quivering hole, his hands began massaging Sherlock’s bum slowly, savoring.
I went to my first Pride parade this year, and let me tell you, it was EXTREMELY liberating. I experienced most of these things at my pride parade (but I left out giving money to male strippers and Drag Queens, because our boys are classy, unlike me). Johnlock is about more than just sex to me, they are a representation of my journey to discover who I am, through the original ACD books and the many adaptations, and I wanted to display that in this chapter.
“Alright?” Sherlock asked, lining himself up, and John shakily nodded, reaching a hand up to gently push Sherlock’s curls from his forehead.
With a wicked smirk, John leaned forward to begin whispering filthily while he fucked Sherlock in the broad daylight of their sitting room, his almost foot long member filling Sherlock to the brim and there was no where to go, Sherlock’s pliant body welcoming him in. John peered into Sherlock's eyes, taking in his smooth cheeks, still maintaining a bit of baby fat, his cupid's bow lips, and his oceanic eyes that were pleading for John to allow him release.
Siger cried out in despair, “won’t anyone help me?”
He was a prince, which was certain by his dress and stature in the portrait. Sherlock searched for a name anywhere on the portrait, but it was not shown. The young man was obviously military, by the way he held himself and his haircut.
“Yes.” She said simply, and Sherlock let out his breath in a puff of air.
With a smile, John flipped Sherlock into his arms bridal style, ignoring Sherlock’s moaning complaint and blush that he was not, “a blushing virgin.”
A grin slowly stretched itself across John’s face, and a little chuckle escaped his lips without his consent. Sherlock whipped his head over, peering at John like he did with his more frustrating experiments that illude him.
Walking slowly over to the full-length mirror, Sherlock looked at himself in the mirror with widening eyes.
She paced back and forth for a moment before turning and walking quickly across the floor, her voice growing in volume.
"You," Sherlock said, pointing to the candelabra, "I saw you yesterday."
?” John commanded, and Sherlock’s eyes rolled back at hearing the words ‘brilliant boy’ from John’s lips. It was embarrassing to be coddled, that was for sure, but at the same time Sherlock wanted to belong to John, and he wanted to be taken care of.
Damn him.
With a wicked grin, John painted Sherlock’s lips with his own essence and then leaning down, kissing and licking at the cum stained lips, tasting Sherlock’s pleasure for the first time and quickly becoming addicted.
Sherlock’s fingers gripped at her ornate dressing table, glaring hatefully into the mahogany as if it had caused all the ills in the world, while her nauseatingly cheerful maid pressed, cinched, and practically
“Come with me, I’ll take you to the room you’ll be staying in” the beast instructed, and Sherlock looked over with a confused expression.
"There, now we all gave kisses and broke the rules," Rosie declared.
“Daddy,” Sherlock sighed in acceptance, and John rewarded this with a few light pats against his already pink bum.
Suddenly a creak was heard in the corner of the room, as a pale haired man darted forth and through the open doorway.
“Well, what do you suggest?” Sherlock sassed, his tone belayed by his embarrassing predicament, and John quickly smacked his right cheek in warning, watching with glee as it bloomed with his handprint.
Sherlock shuddered, his body hyper-senstive, and mumbled "love you too" before succumbing to the darkness of sleep.
It hadn't been there long.
John huffed a put-upon sigh, a smiled fighting at the corners of her lips, “yes, I will attend your meeting with the King, for what good it will do you.”
But 221B was still a hotbed for activity on a daily basis, between cases and the sheer insanity of their lives together, the idleness of ordinary life fell beyond the bleached bricks of their chaotic flat.
"Oh, God... Yeah Sherlock" John panted, using his free arm to stroke Sherlock's concave hip bone (too thin- needs feeding up) as the two men groaned, reaching orgasm as one.
The seams were perfectly sewn on the white and pink thong, and after his confusion and realization in the store of how the garment was suppose to fit, Sherlock was intrigued.
John moved his hands from Sherlock’s face and hair to his sides, holding him steady as the two men traded whispers of sentiment back and forth in the comfort of their home. A heat began to grow in John's body as he kissed the man he loved, and as much as he wanted to continue kissing the gorgeous man, he knew that he couldn't move to fast.
“J-John,” Sherlock gasped out, looking over to him with an incredulous expression on his face, his eyes still sleepy and blissed out, his body still quaking from achieving two orgasms within minutes of each other.
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes. I-I think I’ve loved you since I shot a cabbie for you, and we giggled at a crime scene before getting dinner. Ever since I saw you with that stupid drawn on mustache, bringing me back to life with your miraculous return from death. I’ve loved you since I married the wrong person, wishing with all my heart I had made a vow to you that day. I’ve loved you since you were shot by my wife, and tried to save my failed marriage anyways for my happiness, even though I wasn't happy without you” John breathed out, stumbling over the words but saying them all slowly, knowing that he needs to say these hidden truths and be understood, “I am in love with you, Sherlock. I want to be with you in more ways than just friends. I want to take you to bed and wake up with you in the morning. I want to kiss you, and go to crime scenes with you, and laugh at inappropriate moments with you. I want to be with you always.”
“Mmmhm, I think thou dost protest too much,” John teased, sounding far too pleased, but due to Lestrade’s growing discomfort, she changed the topic: “Alright, well, what about the princess…. Sher-something or other.”
He heard the sound of freshly shined boots clamping down the stairs, and shot up like a firecracker, walking swiftly the living room and trying to control his breathing, fiddling with his cuff links for the eleventh time and straightening his bowtie.
Allowing someone to come
He leaned away from John’s touch slowly and cleared his throat, “y-yes I imagine that we do need to talk.” Sherlock trails off and John encourages him with a nod, his body turned to be completely facing Sherlock on the couch and his expression and body language open and relaxed.
The position left nothing to the imagination, Sherlock’s bum resting high in the air and parted just enough to tease John with a view of his clenching hole lying just between the plush folds of his arse.
"I won't darling, but no more before dinner," John chuckled, watching the soon to be five year old giggle in delight and continue to munch on her cookies with a determination only children possess.
John smirked, his back to Sherlock as he pulled on a rubber glove with a resounding
” John hissed as Sherlock continued to lave kisses up and down his cockhead, slowly moving down to his shaft.
"SHH! Oh, I see him stirring. Good morning dear!"
"Oh, good, so good Sherlock," John encouraged breathlessly. Sherlock looked at John, an earnest expression on his young, blushing face, peaking at him through his thick eyelashes as he continued to stroke John's cock reverently, and John came.
John grabbed his arm, stepping close and wrapping his arms around the waist of the lanky young man, “I mean that Sherlock, don’t be embarrassed, it’s true.” Sherlock and John looked at one another, desire growing in their heated expressions as they began leaning in-
“Come now, love, let’s go home,” John said quietly, inwardly smirking at Sherlock’s brilliant flush at the endearment, and the younger man nodded, pushing himself up and waiting for John to do the same.
Sherlock knew that she wanted to have sex with John, to catalog the many sensations to draw from every inch of John's body, but in order to do so, she knew John, an attentive lover, would demand to pleasure Sherlock in return.
- of his heart.
“And maybe you should learn to control your temper,” Sherlock shot back in the same instant, glaring now up at the beast with all his might, his stormy eyes flashing and glowing green in the firelight. John backed down after a moment, realizing that, perhaps just now, Sherlock was right. He sat back in the chair, and stared intently into the fire, pondering over the strange events of the evening.
Reminded of their experience in the bath, Sherlock felt heat rise to her face.
John’s eyes zeroed on his prominently displayed bum, the corset arching his back and making his creamy cheeks appear more lush were they stood out against the black lace of his panties. Sherlock watched John’s blue eyes take in Sherlock arse and his face flushed anew.
The Rose she had offered was truly an enchanted rose,
John’s breathing was already labored, and his eyes were half shut from exhaustion and pain, but he smiled at Sherlock, reaching up to stroke his face.
John looked down at him, cradling his back gently with rugged hands as he began to rock slowly, slowly, in and out of Sherlock’s body, careful to not press anymore than half of his length in his inexperienced lover’s arse.
some more,” Mrs. Hudson finished with a salacious wink that had both the men pinking beneath their collars, before she was gone, closing the door with a click.
Looking about the many plants, he spotted a white rose, completely pure form blemishes and beautiful, despite the snow whipping around only feet away. The rose was a part of a bush full of white roses, but this one was the largest and most perfectly formed.
John was completely, ardently in love with the idiot in this moment, with the candlelight dancing off of his freshly cleaned features and bouncing curls. And it took Sherlock Holmes laying out the facts before his very eyes for him to
She hadn’t been smacked in years, the indignity of even the suggestion! Suddenly, standing there naked was uncomfortable, and she nodded slightly in chastisement, looking down.
John watched Sherlock for a moment, bouncing up and down on the hard, plastic cock, and leered, “come for me, beautiful,” while also setting the vibrator on its highest setting, positively battering in Sherlock’s clenching, sensitive entrance.
John.
, don’t cry darling,” John cooed, lifting the languid detective from his place lying prone across his lap and tucking his lithe body under his chin, allowing the sniveling detective to settle as he cradled Sherlock against his body.
Sherlock turned to cuddle into John’s neck, his new favorite place, and breathed him in. The rugged smell of lingering arousal, the musk that surrounded John calmed his rapidly beating heart as he took in the smell of gunpowder, sex and a lingering sweetness that reminded Sherlock of John’s obsession with jam.
At this, the old woman's ugliness melted away
“Sherlock, wait, please-“
And John, never one to argue with such a request, nodded and took Sherlock’s clammy hand into his own, leading him out of the dining room and back to their space.
"Yes, I think it's time for a redecoration," he agreed with a put-upon sigh. Sherlock sat up from the bed for a moment, going over to the table to pick up the now petal-less rose stem, frowning at it.
, John realized with a wicked smile, a naughty thought popping into his head as he stared at his detective splayed out on the bed, ready and willing for whatever John would choose to do with him.
Perhaps.
Lestrade responded in seconds.
Cupping her breasts, Sherlock noted that they seemed sensitive to her touch and her face felt positively flushed. Perhaps it was the bath.
Grabbing his phone, John went upstairs to dress for the day and then went downstairs to begin making breakfast for himself and his sleepy, well fucked detective, a self-satisfied smile on his face when he unlocked his phone and looked at the picture of his nude Sherlock.
John watched all this is a grin, picked her tea back up and walking into the sitting room, leaving Sherlock holding the beautiful flowers with a blush adorning her face.
little remark.
“Sherlock! You’re finally home, we were getting
John smiled sadly at that, because of course Sherlock would volunteer to walk back into his prison willingly not once, but twice.
He marveled at the fine, black hairs falling away and the smooth, silkiness of his bare legs left behind it its wake. Then, touching up and down his legs to ensure he didn’t miss apart- and noting that his ankles were particularly difficult- Sherlock hesitantly began to lather his bollocks and thin trail leading to his manhood, beginning to shave that as well. With a shrug of his shoulders, he shaved his underarm hair.
John thought, licking his lips and looking Sherlock up and down, his creamy skin glowing in the ebony suit.
Remembering his dream, Sherlock suppressed a shiver at the coldness that had seeped into his bones from the darkness of Moriarty’s eyes at the pool, threatening John and, by extension, him. The bomb, the water, the cold.
“Wait…hmm, what was that? A rose?” John asked, his brow furrowing as he watched his young lover’s eyes dance at the mere mention of the seemingly insignificant flower.
John reached behind the couch cushions, thankful he had foreseen the need for lube stashed around the flat earlier that week, and flicked the cap open, holding Sherlock’s cheeks apart with one hand and drizzling the wetness on Sherlock’s hole with no warning.
Gasping out and pausing for a moment to catch his breath before continuing to push the seemingly unending toy into his trembling flushed body, not stopping until the entirety of the toy was pressed into his aching, pink entrance.
face, his large fangs pulled pack in a snarl and his body crouched to attack.
“J-John,” Sherlock stammered, backing into John’s chest and away from the chair currently sitting to one side of the beautifully decorated table.
Coy, just like Sherlock.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, already feeling overheated in his clothes as John looked up with a grin on his face and an utterly besotted look in his eyes.
Thanks for reading, your comments and kudos always mean the world to me, and I cannot thank you enough for the support this fic has received. It makes me happy I finally started writing for this fandom since this has been well liked and enjoyed by so many of you, so THANKS!
“Yes, yes, alright. At least I know what I am good for to you lot! Here you go” He announced, opening his case with a flourish and pulling out a beautiful dark haired doll that had a likeness to Katherine. She promptly squealed at the gift, knocking Sherlock to the side in order to grab the doll quickly and begin examining its features, ignoring Sherlock who was scowling at her self absorbed nature.
John quickly dressed at the behest of his lover, tugging on his pants with such force that he was almost knocked over from the rush of adrenaline flooding his system at the thought of another case.
But most of all, Sherlock remembered the magic rose. The exquisiteness of the blossom which held so much meaning, a reminder that love and kindness do matter, that Sherlock's mother was right all along, and that fairytales are possible.
Sherlock opened his mouth to argue but shut it with a snap, shaking his head as he realized the futility of arguing about John locum work
John allowed Sherlock to walk ahead of him through the door, the air tensed with adrehiline and anticipation, and as soon as the door closed, John turned to find Sherlock on his knees, his mouth opened and wet with saliva.
Sherlock interrupted his papa, focusing on the task at hand.
Sherlock, for all his eloquence on normal occasions, was blinking in stunned silence.
“I-I never thought you would be a-attracted to me, let alone love me the way I had grown to love you” he admitted in a whisper, “But John, you must know that after all this time, you are the only person I have and will ever love. I-I want to be with you, like you said, all that is....good.” Sherlock finished haltingly, peering at John shyly through his thick eyelashes as if waiting to be rebuked.
Alone in the castle, wasting away, isolated and refusing company.
This was the first time in his life he was escaping from the narrow path of life he was set out on in order to be "normal." And he loved it, but it scared him.
“I’ll not be needing that monstrosity, Mrs. Hudson, as I will not be attending,” Sherlock replied imperiously, stepping on top of her settee and plopping down, watching her overlarge dressing gown float around her as she settled back to lounge and reorganize her mind palace.
Sherlock gasped at John’s rude phrasing, which turned into a moan when John laid an open mouth kiss on said cunt, trailing her tongue up and down the slit, flickering around Sherlock’s sensitive clit and causing a loud shout to come from Sherlock, to John's delight.
John added another finger, making sure there was enough lubricant so as not to cause Sherlock discomfort, and began seeking that naughty little spot just a few inches up and to the right….
With that, John walked away with a huff, seeming to believe Sherlock's typical, brusk answer.
Sherlock would be the death of him.
The pink and white panties left very little to the imagination, but somehow they made Sherlock almost form that much more erotic: practically calling out for sexual attention.
Not with Sherlock clenching John’s cock in a vice grip and Sherlock’s arse quivering in a wanton manner. Sherlock braced his hands of John's heaving abdomen, slowly inching up and down.
None of the children even mocked them to their faces, they always said, “yes, your highness” or “no, your highness.”
“I don’t think these will fit,” he picked them up with his pinky and held them out to the saleswoman, who looked like she was biting back a laugh.
John thought for a moment, "what, Sherlock, since you're married to your work, do you think of us as....?"
Then Sherlock turned, rushing to the door to hurry home and save his father, ever the hero. The hero John wished he could be.
,” Sherlock gasped, realizing John’s cock would feel quite different from his dildos or anal beads. He could already feel the warmth from John’s manhood indicating that he was alive, real, and wanting Sherlock.
John smiled gently and fucked Sherlock through his first orgasm, a wicked idea popping in his mind.
Sherlock rejoiced as the lock broke free, and he pushed open the cage, jumping out and then helping his father.
“I need to observe the room,” Sherlock murmured, and John watched as he gazed around the room to find a prime spot for finding Lord Grey.
This is the end, everyone! Thank you for reading along, and all those who commented of left kudos, I hope you know how much I appreciated it. It's been difficult after Season 4 of Sherlock, so I hope this could lift some of your spirits <3
Sherlock started at the endearment, and his eyes opened sleepily into a half lidded stare of contentment for a brief moment before he seemed to realize the situation.
Even after all these years of denial-
“I know, usually I prefer jumpers to be honest,” he said in complete honesty, pulling at he military jacket with discomfort.
Mrs. Hudson moved on to hug Sherlock as Lestrade came forward, hugging John tightly and clasping his hand against his back with a few pumps, “I am so happy to see you, mate. It’s been a while.”
The fervent emotions John held for his young lover were glistening in his softening eyes, expressed in his powerful thrusts and rocks into Sherlock’s vulnerable flesh.
“JOHN- oh, god-it hurts please!” Sherlock begged as he writhed on John’s lap, but John continued raining down spanks on the pinking hole with a wicked smile on his face. Sherlock grasped his arse cheeks and bit his lips, willing himself to continue holding himself open against the onslaught, despite the humiliation of participating so obviously in his punishment.
No, Sherlock decided, that was an option.
“Lovely,” John whispered, stroking over the rosy cheeks, dipping just inside the crevice and finding Sherlock’s rosebud.
Sherlock came, panting “John” as he spilled down his lover’s throat. John sucked him through it, gentling his pressure until he was merely holding Sherlock’s softening sock in his mouth. He finally pulled away with a lewd pop and sat up, wiping at his face and chin with a rougish grin and appearing ten years younger- the look of satisfaction and hunger on his face in even turns.
, and it took Sherlock’s breath away.
“Perfect!” Her eyes lit up, “let me take your coat so I can look at you.”
But her voice, oh, her voice that was equal parts cutting, deep and soft, depending on her intonation. She was unquestionable and unapologetically regal, even sitting in her bath and bared to the world, to John. She could command any man, or woman, to bow at her feet.
he wondered,
See, who says history and literature has to be boring ;)
There were rumors of pale skin, and a deep voice for a woman, but otherwise no one really knew anything about the princess. It would only be a matter of time before she was wed.
But boredom was the farthest thing from Sherlock’s mind as he watched John read a medical text in his armchair, his hair a shining blonde from the sunlight pouring in the room and his arm muscles flexing with each page he turned.
John looked down at the young man, and murmured, “You’re welcome.”
But all his royal standing and victories could not save him forever, and the Prince did not escape unscathed from the war front.
With a wicked smile, John leaned up from his task: “what do you call me Sherlock?”
,” he teased in a pouting voice, “Let’s see if we can get your arse to be the same shade as your cute, blushing face.”
Sherlock, heart beating rapidly, dashed down the hallway to her chambers, almost running into the librarian on the way and ignoring his cry, “Princess Sherlock!”
“So,” Sherlock said, still breathing hard, with a bright grin gracing his sweet features, the color still high on his cheeks, “I finally found something I love more than reading.”
"Sherlock, no, we talked about this-"
But for some unforeseen reason, it was far more intimate for both of them.
John nearly grew hard again at the sight of his pure as the newly fallen snow, darling Sherlock having a wet dream. Perhaps his first ever, going by his crinkled forehead as if confused, even in his asleep state, of the pleasure he was currently basking in.
“Well, when I was a child, my mother taught me a lesson. Sometimes, the best book’s have the dustiest covers. It may not be as beautiful as the other’s on the outside but it is still worth reading” Sherlock replied, a wistful smile on his face as he recalled his mother and a tender look in his eyes as he peered up at the beast, sky blue eyes meeting the sea storm, and the beast realized in that moment that he was lost.
“Such a good boy, Sherlock,” John bit out after a moment of catching his breath, tucking himself back in and looking effortlessly unruffled in his dress uniform.
John coated Sherlock’s insides with his release before pulling out, watching string of his release connecting him to Sherlock’s filled, and well fucked arse with a wicked gleam in his eyes.
"You're right, the afterglow is for pillow talk and expressions of sentiment" John teased with a small smile between kisses, "and I asked what you mumbled when I was cleaning you off, but you decided to ignore me" John said with a faux-hurt expression on his face.
