Steve’s head tipped backwards, his eyes rolling up towards the ceiling at the sound of Tony’s voice.
“I'm a teenager now,” Franklin pointed out.  “And DJ's kind of a teenager, he's my age, and that means we might not want to hang out with little kids, Val.”
Jarvis arched an eyebrow.  “And I maintain my family honor by pretending to be shocked every time someone brings it up,” he said.  He picked an invisible thread from the arm of his coat.  “If Clint can’t keep up with him…”
Stephen took a deep breath.  “The reason he can’t go home is that he’s passed through a one way valve.  There are wards we put into place, to keep Morgana from getting to him again.  Unfortunately…”  His voice faded away.
DJ looked at Steve.  "Pizza?" he asked, proving that he had the Stark family ability to ignore anything that he wasn't interested in.
Laughing, Steve dragged him a bit further up his chest with a firm grip on his waistband.  "Well, you're more or less upright.  Which is better than being on the floor."  He shifted Tony's weight, wrapping an arm around his waist.  "Arm over my shoulders, let's get you back to the couch."
In the silence that followed, Ty’s smile stretched, cold and mocking.  “So clumsy.  It’s no wonder father keeps you hidden down in the basement.  It would be bad enough for him, but I honestly think that he’s trying to preserve your father’s memory.  After all, he used to be a well-respected man.”
Exhausted and wired in equal parts, he headed back downstairs to get cleaned up.  His shower, while usually reliable, wasn't big enough for two, another reason to prefer Tony's apartment to his.  And tonight, he probably needed one.
Tony turned on his heel, snapping his fingers.  Jarvis, prepped and ready, threw up a holographic interface, schematics unfolding around him in the air.  Steve watched, his jaw set.  “You’ll be the first to know,” he said to T’Challa.
"No," Tony said, and that sounded like a whine, there was a distinctly whiny note to his voice just then.  He squinted down at the interlocking gears of the mechanism, trying to clear his vision. "No, I need my child labor.  Tiny.  Tiny hands.  Good for holding things.  It's..."  He stopped, not sure where he was going with that.  "Necessary," he managed at last.
She slanted a look in his direction.  “That you don't want to handle,” she said, her voice silken.  “And now here were are.  With a house guest for a week.”
“Noble of you.”  Steve gave himself a critical look in the hotel mirror.  He looked like death warmed over, dark circles under his eyes, the line of his jaw sharp and tense.  He made a face at his reflection, and turned on the sink.  “Thanks for the wakeup call, Buck, but I’ve got a meeting to get ready for.”
Jarvis smiled.  “Muddy footprints in the front hall,” he said, taking the glass back from Tony.  “But the door had been unlocked.”  He turned, taking the water pitcher from May.  “No one in this household would’ve left a mess, or left the door unsecured.  Which meant someone was here that didn’t belong.”
Jan and Sam exchanged a look around him. Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “Do not do the silent communication thing,” he said. “When the two of you are on the same page, it's... It's not good for the rest of us.”
Steve leaned in, cutting him off with a kiss.  Tony arched up into the contact, his breath soft against Steve's lips when they finally broke apart.  “I love you,” he whispered, and Tony reached up, hooking a fingertip in the neckline of Steve's shirt, trying to tug him back down.  “Talk to me.  When you can.”
As one, everyone looked up at the ceiling, where Clint was dangling upside down from one of Peter's webs.  “No, give me a sec,” Clint said.  “I got this.”
Jess and Carol looked at each other.  As one, they looked at Rhodey.  Rhodey looked at Peter.  Peter groaned.  Tony held up a hand.  “Right.  Right.  Can we start at the beginning?” he said.
Tony held it out of reach.  “It has 'Host Club' in the title!” he said, trying not to laugh.  “It-  Steve!  Did a pretty girl sell you on Japanese comic porn?”
Ellen threw her free hand in the air.  "Well, I've got no experience with it!  So yes!  This is weird!  And I don't trust it!"  She shoved the strap of her bag up on her shoulder.  "Meet me at the sandwich place, we need to plan."
He turned a corner, concentrating on moving at a smooth even pace.  His life had been turned upside down enough; he wasn't about to give up his morning jog.  His heart wasn't in it this morning, but it gave him something to focus on, other than wondering where Tony was.  What he was doing.
Rhodey glanced from Nebula to Tony and back.  “Is the yelling over?” he asked, as Clint made hurt noises in Nebula’s direction.
“Quit while you're ahead, Mr. Stark,” Fury said, setting his tablet down and folding his hands in front of him.  “I see you've brought guests.”  He nodded at Rhodey.  “Colonel.”
The dome of chocolate, its surface a galaxy like swirl, rested in a deep blue wave of puree, tiny pinpricks of sugar scattered across the plate, warm golden-white stars against the sky.  A few candied violets nestled along the rim, small and brilliant and imperfect against the chocolate.  Steve reached out, taking the fork that Tony offered, and breaking the shell, Inside, ganache cradled a barely liquid center of puree that ran out across the tines of the fork.
“No, as it turns out, you seemed to expect him to throw something at you, because you dodged like a pro,” Peter said.  “But anyway, that set off a whole thing, and everyone was yelling and throwing things and as it turns out, everyone from SHIELD is absolutely terrifying-”
“It seems too coincidental, otherwise,” Jarvis said, as calm and collected despite the hour and the situation.  “Bobbi and Natasha are checking on the gates and the walls, to make sure everything’s still secure, and Dr. Banner has escorted sir downstairs, but they’re concerned about DJ.”
“Seemed like a good idea at the time,” Tony said, his eyes darting over Steve’s face.  “A lot of things seemed like a good idea at the time.”  His body was solid and warm and perfect, pressed so close to Steve’s that Steve could feel him breathe, could feel the flex of his hips and the slight twitch of Tony’s leg against his.
“Thor and Hulk are assisting with the clean-up,” Coulson said, his voice expressionless.   “If you'd like to help, we can-”
“Yes, and no.”  Tony didn’t look at him.  He couldn’t.  Steve had a way of muddling his brain.  “A group that’s…  Deeply embedded in both the military and the Federal government, but not exactly part of either.  It might never be.”
She reached for the remote.  “He's going to be fine,” she said, her voice kind.  “He's good at this.”  She glanced back at him, smiling.  “Even when I'm worried about him, this is...  This is comforting.”
“Who cares about you?” Tony asked him with a smile.  “It's dangerous for me, and that's the only thing that really matters.”  He tossed Rhodey's note aside.  “Well.  Rhodes is replaceable.  You are small, but I suspect you can be taught.”
“Mmm.” Isaiah tossed it to him.  “Found a little Mexican bakery, couple of blocks away.  Nice lady.  Knew her way around a pastry.”  He paused it next to the desk, leaning over to tap the head of his cane against the coffee maker.  He gave Steve a glare.  “Tell me you didn’t use this.”
Tony twisted around in his seat.  “What do you mean, can I hack them?  No.  I can’t-”  He pressed a hand to his face.  “No.”
Tony stared down at the child, who stared back, big dark eyes unblinking and unreadable.  There was a strange stillness to the boy, a solumn consideration in his face.  There was a bruise on his jaw and his hair, despite Pepper's efforts, was a tangled mop of dark curls, but his chin was up, his gaze sharp.
Steve was running up the street, lit from behind by the first rays of the morning sun, gilding his hair and his skin.  He was wearing a pair of running shorts and a too tight white t-shirt, an outfit that should not have been half as attractive as it was.
Steve nodded, pushing himself to his feet.  "Of course."  He looked down at DJ, who was cutting his pancakes into bite sized pieces.  “You okay there?” he asked, taking his cap back and trying to smooth DJ's hair down.  It was a losing battle.
“Officer Rogers strikes me as a capable and intelligent young man,” Jarvis said.  He smiled, just a little.  “He believes in the rightness of his actions.  It is only logical that he would want to be certain that the ones who hurt you, would not hurt anyone else.”
“My mother was from Italy,” Tony said.  He glanced back at DJ,  who stared back with dark, unblinking eyes.  “Do you know where Italy is?”
“Have a good night, Mr. Stark,” she replied, and even though he couldn’t see it, he could hear the smile in her voice.
“You need an intervention,” Jess said, now going through her phone with one hand and Carol’s with the other.
Best of all, between the bookcases was a huge, hinged castle, propped open now to show the rooms inside.  Each room was filled with small toys, carved figures of a king and queen, a little prince, servants and knights and guards.  There were horses and sheep, toy cows and dogs, tiny cats and ducks and chickens.
“I’ve formed the Council of Lesbians,” Carol said.  Natasha looked at her.  Looked at Steve.  “The Council of Lesbians and Steve.”
“Goddamn Google takes the fun out of everything,” Tony muttered to himself.  But he was smiling to himself, his steps light and quick as he headed for the wine room.
“Very nearly, Miss Potts,” Jarvis said.  He leaned over, offering the tray to DJ. “I thought you might like a piece of bread and butter, to tide you over?”  DJ rolled into a sitting position, taking the plate from the tray with a shy smile.  Jarvis smiled back.  “Mrs. Parker baked that loaf just for you.”
“That was very nearly something,” Rhodey said, holding up his thumb and finger an inch apart form each other.  “So close. Almost words.”  Clint flipped him off with a grin, and Rhodey laughed.
Darcy held up her wand.  “Aisle six,” she announced, her voice loud enough to carry.  “You just have to pay for the upgrade.”
“No.   No, Clint was…  A surprise,” she admitted.  “But really, it was all a surprise.” She tapped a finger against her cheek.  “If someone had explained this place to you, before you came here, would you have believed them?”
Bruce stared at him, his eyes narrowed, his mouth tight.  “So, you've got no intention of showing sense, do you?”
Steve glanced back up at Tony, who was still studying the picture, a soft smile on his face.  “You’ve got a real talent,” he said, and Steve struggled against the wave of pleasure that washed over him.  Tony’s fingers traced along the edge of the page.  “Why were you doing draftsmanship instead of illustration?”
"I regret letting Tony make up a registry after the fact," he said, taking a sip of water. "Some of that stuff is just horrible. Who needs a chafing dish in this day and age?"
"He would not shut up about how cold his damn feet were," Bucky mumbled.  He rolled over, throwing a leg over the back of the couch and almost kicking Steve in the shoulder.  "Had to shut him up somehow."
Steve had never seen the point of that.  Which probably explained why he'd never gotten any better.  Because every kiss seemed like life and death, every time he tried, it was with every bit of his heart, and desperation never looked good on anyone.
"Oh, my, no," Jarvis said, stepping briskly onto the staircase.  "A household like this should absolutely have a French chef.  Thus-"  He paused, one hand on the banister, his body turned back towards Steve.  "We do."
“It's fine,” he said, his fingers smoothing over Steve's head.  “I'll just bring it up in every argument we have for the next year of so.  That's all.  No big deal.”
But he didn’t have time to think, didn’t even have time to draw breath, before something large and solid slammed into him, lifting him off his feet, and slamming him into the table behind him.  Harris made a desperate grab for the edge of the table and missed, his shoulder skimming into someone’s lunch, french fries and soda going in all directions.
There was metal wrapped around his hands, fragments going up past his wrists, gold and silver and bright red that glinted in the shafts of low light.  Wires spun around his arms, like veins, like branching lightning, but the gauntlets on his hands were solid.
“The Gatekeeper,” DJ agreed.  He turned away from the table with one last, lingering look at the lava lamps.  “Weird.”
Shawn wrapped his arm around Drew’s shoulders.  “Let me rephrase,” he said, bright and chipper.  “Let’s get salads!”
Tony made a sound that still made Steve blush even now, low and raw and full of pleasure.  His eyes opened, just a little, and he was laughing, his cheeks flushed.  "I live here now," he said.
Steve swallowed hard, ignoring the way his pulse was pounding in his ears.  “Don’t do that,” he gritted out from between his teeth.
“Eh,” Tony said, and Steve grinned against the skin of his neck.  Tony tipped his head to the side, giving him free rein.  “I’d say it doesn’t even count as a fight, but God, I like the makeup sex.”  Steve choked on a laugh, and Tony chuckled against his hair.  “And so do you, let’s not pretend otherwise..”
The boy's shoulders twitched forward.  "How'd that go?" he asked, with the sarcastic scoff of a person who knew just how that had gone.  Probably through experience.
Iron Man’s head flicked in his direction, then away.  “Wonderful.  Thanks for the backup.”  He stepped onto the road, one hand snagging DJ by his backpack and marching him along.  He stopped in front of Rogers, giving DJ a gentle push towards the car.  For a long moment, they just faced each other.  “Right,” Iron Man said.  “Right.”  He gestured at Tony.  “You ditch me, you follow Doctor Giggles to this weird Mirror Universe, and immediately hook up with another version of me?  I’m not sure if I’m annoyed or flattered.”
Tony leaned against the wall.  “A letter,” he said, and she nodded.  “Implying that you took it to make a betrothal gift for his son.”  She nodded again.  “And phrasing it in such a way that he’ll be inclined to be benevolent towards his soon to be daughter-in-law.”
Halfway to the quinjet, he spotted Jan standing on the rear ramp, one of the armor’s arms slung over her shoulder. Greer was sitting nearby, a few other pieces spread out on the ground in front of her like a half-completed jigsaw puzzle.  Steve started to jog, then to run.  “Jan?” he called.
“If you wait until you can save everyone, you won’t save anyone,” he said, his voice flat.  “So you save who you can, and then you do it again.  The next day, the next night, the next month, the next year, you just keep going, you save what you can, when you can.”
“Who knows DJ is still here?” Steve repeated.  “There were stories in the papers, of course, when he came here.  It was a publicity stunt, after all.  But you haven’t put out anything saying you’re keeping him.”
Steve’s mouth opened.  Closed.  Clint smiled at him.  “Yeah, see-” He pointed a spoon in Steve’s direction.  “That’s what I did, too.  So there we were.  In the kitchen.  In the middle of the night.  And Nat’s prowling around, the way she does, trying everything.  I mean, she could’ve picked any of the locks in here, but she was just tugging on drawer handles and doors and we found out Jarvis left two things unlocked.
“Darling, I would never!” Tossing her head, Jan headed for the door.  “DJ, if you ever want to be a model, you come and see me.  I bet you photograph like an absolute dream.”
Tony drained the last sip of his coffee and headed for the coffee maker, glad for an excuse to put some distance between them. Jarvis, apparently appreciating the stress he was under, was already filling the pot.  Tony reached for it.  “Why are we having this discussion?” he asked, his voice quiet.
He leaned over.  “Steve.  I'm right here, I'm not going anywhere.”  He managed a smile, his hand cupping over Steve's where it gripped his wrist.  “What do you need?”
Bruce's lips twitched.  “Who can do science when the blackberries are ripe?” he said, offering Tony one particularly plump specimen from the basket.  “The beakers will still be there tomorrow, but the berries might not.”
The second shoe dropped to the floor, and Steve pushed himself upright.  Exhausted in a way he really wasn’t willing to examine, he walked across the narrow room, dropping down into bed fully clothed.  It was stupid.  In the morning, he’d curse the wrinkles in his pants, but right now, he just didn’t care.
His hand snapped out, the coin disappearing in an instant.  “You'll be the first to know, Miss,” he said.  And with a grin and a wink, he ducked out of the room, pulling the door shut behind him.
“You can always use additional tiaras,” Greer said, her voice muffled by the fabric of her sweater, and next to her, Natasha nodded.
The bedroom opened into a larger sitting room beyond, with white furniture arranged artfully on a gleaming black tile floor.  One exterior wall was made up of massive windows, letting the sunlight spill in over the comfortable looking couch and chairs and the elegant glass and metal fixtures.  The gleaming white sideboard held an artistic arrangement of lilies and white roses, a variety of liquor bottles, and a coffee pot.
“Please,” Bruce mouthed, before wrenching the beater free from the massive, industrial mixer next to his station.
“And we're not counting that out,” Bruce added.  He popped a bit of apple into his mouth.  “I'm telling you now.  If I hear any explosions, uh, I'm heading to bed.”
Jan wrapped her arms around one of his elbows, leaning into his shoulder.  “I'm rooting for you.  Now.”  Her head tilted up, her eyelashes fluttering.  “Let me see your ring.”
“Oh, so the boy who spends all his time talkin' about his muscles is suddenly too weak to stir some sugar?  Interesting.  Maybe I should have you unload the canned good delivery alone this week.”
“My father, meanwhile, had no past, no family tree to speak of, no heritage, no history.  But he had a lot of money.”  Tony watched the water spill from the statue’s cupped palms.  “I guess he went there because he wanted to invest in a vineyard or two.  If there was one thing my father knew, it was fine wine.”  Tony paused, a wry smile twisting his lips.  “But he knew a beautiful girl when he met one, too.
“That was pretty fucking stupid of me,” Tony said.  He scrubbed his hands against his hips, hard enough to make his palms sting.  “Jay?”  He raised a hand.  “Tell me if I fuck this up.”
‘No,’ Clint mouthed back.   Out loud, he said, “Right, I agree!  I know, I know, just checking.  So, don’t want to throw off your schedule any moe than I already have.  Yeah, of course!  Bye!”
“One does what one must to survive,” Jan said, as Clint set her back on her feet.  “But like most points of etiquette, there's always exceptions, Steve.”  They did a quick set of steps, and Jan went spinning out, one hand caught in Clint's.  “Negotiation, consent and understanding your partners needs are just as important on the dance floor as they are in the bedroom.”
Tony didn’t realize he’d stopped walking until Jarvis pulled away from him.  Jarvis, noticing as well, pulled up short, turning to look back at him.  “Sir?”
Jan was dancing along, but most of her attention seemed to be on the sketchpad she'd balanced against her left arm, her pencil sweeping over the page with reckless abandon.  There was a length of very expensive fabric tied around her neck, like a child playing super hero with a bath towel cape.  All around her, an array of people were doing their own thing, more or less following along with the music.
Tony’s lips twitched.  “There’s no magic word,” he said, catching her hand as she skipped in a wide circle around him, the toes of her boots poking at individual stones.  “Hank-”
His gaze wandered towards the hearth, and he stared at the flames.  “Phillips was many things, but a fool was not one of them.  He had heirs already.”  Nicholas frowned.  “At the time, it was, what?  His brother, his brother’s three children, an uncle?  And he had a cousin as well, maybe two?”
She looked across the main hall, to where the boys were sloshing water in all directions, laughing so loud that the sound echoed in the cavernous space.  “He was a good boy, Officer Rogers.  And he’d lost so much, in such a short amount of time.  When Miss Potts came to talk to me, he didn’t make a sound.  He didn’t move.  He just sat there.  Staring out the window.
“Yeah, but you can’t outflank everything,” Tony said.  He lifted one hand, and Jarvis, attuned to his every move, his every gesture, began building the holograms up again.  Light crested around his fingers like waves, forming itself into numbers, into words that barely made sense to Steve.  He’d feel bad about that, but he was pretty sure that they didn’t make sense to anyone other than Tony, a scientific shorthand that he shared with his AIs.  “Here’s a question for you.  Is the lighthouse useless, just because it can’t go out to sea to fetch the ship?”
Steve grinned as Clint did something approaching a soft shoe with one foot and a hop with the other.  Whatever it was.  He made it look good.
“Where everyone will be,” DJ said.  His fingers dug into the hem of his shirt, tracing over each of the stitches, one by one.  Resisting the urge to count.  “Yes.”
"Egg salad and a disrespectful, heartless butler pried me out of the workshop, the small ball of trouble was just his excuse," Tony said.  He took a step forward, towards the stone stairs that lead down to the gardens, and then immediately reversed direction, his feet skipping over the stone as he turned.  "He was just-"
After a moment, Tony sucked in a breath, one last giggle breaking free before he looked up at Steve, his eyes wet.  “Thanks, Cap.”
DJ landed so gently that his feet didn’t even disturb the sand beneath his sneakers.  His face flushed, his eyes bright, he was laughing as he came to rest, high and bright and loud.  An instant later, Iron Man landed behind him, the repulsors cutting out with startling suddenness.
Tony nodded.  “Good man, Jarvis.”  He tossed the blankets back, his head tipped towards the windows, where sheets of water now washed over the panes.  “Tell me Steve's not out in this.”
“I love that weird little man,” Isaiah said, sliding rows of cinnamon rolls onto gleaming racks.  “His garlic bread mix should be illegal.”
DJ grabbed the discarded kite and held it up to Steve, his face alight.  Laughing, Steve took it from him, his hand gripping the crossbar.  With his 'sword' and 'shield,' he turned to face their 'dragon.'  "He has the tools he's made, and the ones he's been gifted with.  He has his courage, and he has something that must be done.   No matter how much he doesn't want to do it."
Rhodey grinned at him, his eyes crinkling up at the corners.  “Looking to follow his fashion trends?”
"Yeah, I got the reference, I'm aware, it just, the insult makes no sense," Sam said to Steve.  "He just took a name, and jammed something about potatoes into it."
Tony was so tired he could barely breathe.  So tired that keeping his head up hurt.  But he looked at Sam.  “You got this?”
Pepper heaved a sigh.”Can you slow down, please?” she asked.  She reached out, catching his sleeve.  “Tony.  I refuse to run in these shoes.  The heels would probably survive, but I'm not certain my ankles would.”
Tony rubbed idly at the curve of his shoulder.  “Apparently even after your prices, I had enough to pay for some new ink.”
“There are games in the lounge, s’mores and cocoa by the fire, the buffet is set up in the main dining room, white elephant gift exchange is set up down by the balcony entrance, and if you’d like to join in with the madrigal singing later on tonight, just let Jarvis know, and he’ll download the sheet music into your device of choice,” she said with a smile.
“Glad to hear it.”  She picked it up.  “Come back for lunch, I can always use the help after the rush.”
“Thank you, that's very kind, we won't be doing that, either,” Steve said to Aimsbridge, his voice thin. “We're just going to-” He cleared his throat. “We're going to go now.”
“Coming down off of a Code Green,” Sam said.  “Looks like he's going to be taking the rest of the day off.  SHIELD medical's got him; I'm on my way back in.”
“No girls allowed,” Val said, and her foot thumped against the side of the workbench.  “That IS what you meant.”
“Me, too,” he said as they reached the car.  Bobbi had the door open, and she tapped the butt of the revolver against the top of the car like a ticking clock.  Tony grinned at her.  “Steve’s fine,” he announced.
"We have dusted all of the shelves and inspected every one of the books," Jarvis said.  He threw open Tony's closet, his mouth pursed as he considered the contents.  "Perhaps the gray today, sir?"
Tony grinned.  “I’m not boring you?” He shifted his weight, his knees braced on the couch on either side of Steve’s hips, and Steve arched up, catching his mouth for another kiss.  It was hot and long and deep, and Steve’s hands slid up Tony’s back, cradling the back of his neck.
Laughing, Steve let him take the book, reaching out to steal his water cup back. “Okay,” he agreed, settling back against the pillows.  “I expect you do to the voices, though.”
DJ nodded.  “Yes,” he said.  His fingernail scraped along the side of the cup of soup.  He set it down next to his juicebox, his fingers lingering on the lid.  “I mean.  Considering.”
"Thank you, we appreciate your understanding," Steve said in that bright voice that he used when he was really hoping no one noticed how many things in the general vicinity were on fire.  For some reason, it almost always worked.
Gentle fingers touched his jaw, tipping his head to the side, and he barely had time to draw in a breath before lips brushed against his cheekbone, soft and light, with just the barest scratch of a beard to convince him it was real.
“Yes, and when we find it, we'll hit it with our van,” Tony said, and this time, he was sure that was a laugh.  He smiled, some of the strain going out of his shoulders.  “What's the point of having a hobo van if you can't use it to run over all of your troubles?”
He sucked in a breath, warmth sweeping over him. When he went to reply, his hands were shaking. “Not sure how I can work that in.”
“Good boy,” Steve said, just before a hand caught his arm.  He let Tony tug him into the alcove, the shadows closing around them in an instant.   Steve gave him a look.  “You, meanwhile…”
Tony's eyes slid towards Rogers, one eyebrow arching.  “Mmm?” he managed, not bothering to lower his cup.
Tony's head rolled in Jan's direction.  She gave him a bright smile and hopped up on the corner of his desk, one leg swinging back and forth.  “She feeds on praise,” Tony said to Pepper.  “It makes her stronger.  Almost-” He gestured at Jan.  “Unnaturally powerful.”
“I was in the back seat, with the-  With DJ, and he kicks like a mule, I could barely hold onto him, he always made things difficult, the always-”
Natasha looked at Steve, who shook his head.  “I’ve got his back.”  He pointed at Billy.  “Watch this one for me.”
“Definitely effective in the short term,” Strange said.  He gave DJ a gentle push towards the staircase.  “Off you go, you know where the library is, I’ll be right behind you.”  He leaned in, adding in a whisper, “Don’t eat the cake.”
There was a shirt hanging at the end of the bed, and Tony reached for it.  “And let me know the minute Happy’s back.”
Steve considered that. "Maybe," he said, with a slight, wry smile. "And maybe that's for the better."
“Lost it a long time ago,” Steve said, and Tony's hand tightened on his, his fingers firm and familiar.  “Move it.  I've got your back.”
DJ plucked at the corner of a page, trying to turn it without pushing Furbro aside.  "No," he said.  He looked up at Steve.  "Ending?"
Instead, he rested his cheek against Tony’s hair, letting his eyes fall shut, focusing on the soft sound of his breathing.
Jess folded her arms on the edge of the table.  Her menu hat was tipped at a rakish angle.  “I don’t,” she said with a grin.  “But I know someone who absolutely thrives on logistical nightmares.”
Shaking his head, Steve headed up the hall to his room.  A few hours of sleep, and then he could head back out, before anyone even knew he was back.
“Might as well, by the time I get home it’ll be just about time to turn around and come back,” Rhodey said with a yawn.  “I take it the greenhouse is secured?”
“If you want us to just watch the movie, I'll make her, it's okay if you want to be left alone, DJ.” Franklin turned to face the tv, politely giving DJ some privacy.  “We're happy to just be here with you.  It's...”  His voice trailed away.  “Home's hard now.”
The shot was framed on all sides with a fall of glittering, multicolored confetti, the individual pieces forming an out-of-focus swirl.  It gave the image a sense of motion, like a wave, or an explosion.  Caught in the center were two well-built men, both dressed in tuxedos and masks, one tall and broad and blonde, the other more compact and lithe, with a dark goatee and black hair.
“He’s going to puke,” Harris said to DJ, sinking down to sit on the floor next to him.  “On something expensive.”
"Okay!"  Steve tilted his head to the side in time to see Sam come striding in from the men's locker room, clad in shorts and a t-shirt.  He clapped his hands together with a bright grin.  "Let's get our dance on."
“Because we’re both waiting for the other person to break first,”  Clint said. Steve stared at him.  Clint shrugged.  “If I admit it first, he wins.”
“No, it's not,” he said, with the surity of a man who would sooner appear naked in public than with a crooked bow tie.  He sat back dow, rolling his chair back to his desk with his usual fussy series of minor adjustments.
Tony blinked, shock washing over his features, and then it bled out, leaving only a warm, affectionate smile in its wake.  "I love you," he said, and Steve wanted to cry every time Tony said that.  He wondered if Tony knew, because when he said it, he would lean forward, the warmth of his palm ghosting against Steve's cheek, against his jaw.  His fingers were rough, but gentle, for all that.  "I love you," he repeated.  "And I lie a lot."
“Shoes are not to be trusted,” Thor said.  He was lying on the bed now, his hands folded behind his head.  “Foul things.  The boy shows sense.”
In the silence that followed, he peeked out from between his fingers to find both Carol and Jess staring at him.  Neither of them looked convinced.  He huffed out a breath, his hands dropping to his sides.  “Greer…”
“It takes Stark a minute, but finally, he picks up the other plate, and sits down across the counter from me, and he eats.”  Clint glanced over at the pan.  “And when he finished, he stood up, and nodded, and said something in French, and left.”
“Dummy agreed to feed Jane’s fish and Darcy’s cat,” Jarvis said.  “As well as fill Thor’s birdfeeders.”
Steve stripped the sock off of Tony's foot and tossed it at Bucky's head. “Thank god I've finally got that foot fetish under control,” he said, reaching for Tony's other foot.  Bucky made an inarticulate noise of pain and disappeared back down the stairs.  Grinning down at Tony, Steve peeled off his other sock and tossed it over the top of the railing.
“Ask him out,” Steve parroted.  “Make a move.  Tell him that I-”  He stopped, and struggled to smile.  “I might be in love with him.”
“As if that’s the worst thing I have to deal with today,” Steve said.  He braced his hands on the table, leaning into them.  He took a deep breath, and another.  “I’m trying.”
Steve stopped, looking back over his shoulder as Greer came loping up the hallway behind them.  Despite it being mid-winter, she was clad in a pair of black shorts and a gauzy, soft-looking shirt that threatened to slip down her shoulder with every step.  Intellectually, he knew that her fur kept her warm, even in much colder temps, but he always had to resist offering to find her a sweater.  “Everything okay?” he asked as she came to a skipping halt next to them.
"Sam and Natasha on Steve's side, Pepper and Rhodey on yours," Jan said.  "I, meanwhile, get to be at the fun table in the back."  She pointed.  "The fun table is next to the bar."
“Too late, I know how you see me now,” Shuri said, her teeth flashing in a bright smile.  She pressed the back of one fluttering hand to her forehead, reveling in the melodrama of it.  “Our friendship will never be the same.”
He shook off the thought.  It was ridiculous.  He was being ridiculous, and he knew it, but suddenly, he wished he'd spent a little more on his bed frame, or that he owned more than two kitchen chairs that matched.
Gently, the young man extracted his arm from Steve’s grip.  “It’s something about this shop,” he said, wiping first the door knob, then the glass of the door’s window with his handkerchief.   “Just a little light can’t hurt, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Hey.”  Steve looked up.  “Bruce said something about Sitwell giving Clint Pixy Sticks for his birthday?”
“And just as illegal.”  She reached out with one hand, trailing it against a wall as they passed.  “Punishment’s the same, if you made it yourself, or if you bring it down from Canada, and I guess the mob found it easier to have my father make it.  Found him a nice little chunk of isolated countryside in upstate New York, and a very demanding set of quotas.  He wasn’t proud of his new employers, or even what he was doing, but neither did he think that Prohibition was a good law.  Or even an enforceable one.”
Harris spread his hands wide.  His well-tailored black suit jacket shifted easily with the movement, hugging the lines of his body without pulling as his shoulders rose.  “Does it look like I want a waffle?” he asked.
He stood, and Steve took a step back, giving him room.  Across the room, the string quartet came to smooth end to their current song, letting silence fall as Steve offered Tony his arm.  All around the room, people went quiet, heads turning in their direction.  There was the soft sound of chairs being moved, as teammates and friends turned to watch them.
“Right,” Steve said, his head shaking from side to side.  “Let me guess, you just read it for the plot?”
“I just think that perhaps the collection was suddenly expanded.” Tony gave Jarvis a look.  “By a significant amount.”
Tony grinned at him, his eyes dancing.  "We're a good match, then."  He made to step around Steve, towards the door, and Steve caught his elbow.  Tony blinked at him.
“You sound horrible,” Steve said.  “Lie back down, I'm going to get the thermometer and a cup of tea.”
On some level, Tony was aware of his teammates moving around him, of the SHIELD teams sweeping in to collect the downed combatants.  But most of his attention was locked in on the bomb, moving through the safeguards as quickly as he could.
Steve’s head tipped forward, but not before Tony saw his smile.  “Always making me work for it, Stark,” he said, pushing away from the wall.
“You said anything,” Steve sing-songed, tipping Tony back to lie with his head in Steve’s lap.  Steve grinned down at him, his hair falling over his forehead, his face flushed.  “You said-”
Tony took a step back, his hand falling away, and Steve swayed on his feet, chasing the contact like he needed it to live.  His head snapped up, his eyes meeting Tony's.  “Right,” Tony said.  His head bobbed in a slight nod, his lips kicking up in a wry, sharp smile.  “Right.  This isn't going to work.”
Steve glanced down the road.  He knew where it went: straight through the heart of the city and to the castle.  But the buildings that pressed in on the road were taller than he remembered, packed tight together.  “It’s been a while,” he allowed, and Rhodes nodded.
“For him,” Tony corrected.  He swept a hand through the air.  “But maybe also a little bit for me, because I like it when things are about me, especially you-type things.”
“Great, this is great, the viewer engagement is through the roof.” The news director bounced towards the edge of the stage. “We've got one more break, let's bring it back around to the latest legal rulings of the state supreme court, I think-”
“He was very enthusiastic about mixing,” Peter explained, taking a cookie before DJ headed across the room to Jan.  He took a big bite.  “An’ everything else.”
It took Steve the better part of an hour to get Tony washed and dried, then to steer him up the narrow, steep set of stairs to the bedroom.   Once he'd wrestled Tony into a pair of his pajama pants and one of his t-shirts, he coaxed him into swallowing half a cup of sugary tea and some cold medicine, and put him to bed.
"Why do I think this is going to end badly?" Steve asked, but he was smiling when he asked the question.
Tony’s eyebrows arched.  “Do you like it?” he asked, taking another sip of his wine.  “Thor’s people helped me build it.  They’re…  A bit ahead of us, in terms of technology.”  He leaned back in his chair, crossing his legs.  “And they’re not the only ones.  I tend not to bring up our other friends, but then again, that little trinket that you’re carrying makes me think that it’s a secret you might already know.”
“And Stane said we’d drop him in the river.  To just-”  Hammer’s face twisted.  “Shut him up, and we’d put him in the river, and that’s not-  That’s not what I thought-”
Sam grabbed his shoulder before he could manage to get fully upright, snagging his cup before the water went everywhere.  "Don't even think about it, Cap."
“Nothing,” Thor said.  He was holding the far perimeter, crackling lightning darting through the air in his wake.  He matched Tony's movements, but for now, he held back, watching.  “It does nothing but frighten those below.”
Steve looked over to find Tony coming up behind him, a warm smile on his face.  He was dressed in a perfectly tailored deep crimson shirt, his vest and tie a dark green that should’ve clashed but somehow didn’t.  He took Steve’s plate out of his hand, ignoring the way Steve tried to grab it back. “What is this, pastry penance?”
“I gotta say,” Sam said, as Jess leaned over to check on him.  “I knew you were going to be thwarted, you busy bee, but I did not see that one coming.”
Tony took a deep breath. “He leaves his shoes in piles at the door. He makes ridiculous sandwiches. He compares sales fliers for grocery stores.” The bubble of laughter caught him so off guard that it hurt. “He buys organic milk.”
“‘Tis not as bad as it looks,” Thor said, grinning easily as he finished a milkshake for Tony and poured it into a battered tin mug.  “And due to past circumstances, I have most excellent insurance.” He looked around, his hands on his hips.  “I look forward to redecorating.”
Clint threw himself into his chair, and a corn dog went bouncing across the table.  “Fuck, yeah,” he said, taking a bite from the one in his hand.  “You need?”  Darcy’s head jerked in DJ’s direction, and Clint’s eyes followed the gesture.  “Desert time?”
“What about you, Captain Rogers?” one of the paparazzi yelled.  “You got a date?  I got a nice sister, I'm sure she'd love to meet you!”
“For now, though,” Fury said, holstering his gun, “perhaps you should go and tell his parents what’s happening.”
Steve tossed the page back.  “Is there a point to this?” he asked.  He was proud of himself.  He sounded calm.  Normal.  Almost bored.
DJ's fingers plucked the cuff of his shirt.  His mouth worked for a second  “No,” he said at last.  “Hard.  It's hard.  Sometimes...”  His nose wrinkled.  “Don't come out right.”
“Hey, some of them are general New York history,” Steve said, grinning.  He headed for the sink.  “And I've got other books.”
"Ours is not to question why, Rogers."  O'Brien reached for his pen.  "Ours is to do as we're told.  Your life'd be a lot easier if you'd just learn that."  His eyes canted up, glaring at Steve from under the hard line of his eyebrows.  "Be here at two pm, sharp, and remember, you're representing the police force.  So I expect you to be on your best behavior."
Steve took the cup from him.  “Sorry,” he said.  He reached out with his free hand, his fingers hovering over the bandage.  “Are you-  Did I-”
Obie held up a hand.  “I’ve been briefed,” he said.  He had his jacket over his arm, and he tossed it onto the back of one of the armchairs facing Tony’s desk.  He scraped a hand over his face, letting out a sigh as it dropped back to his side.  “Well briefed.”
“Yes, yes, we are, but since you weren’t answering, Harris texted me and Darce and told us the op was over.”  Clint leaned against the side of the car.  “You coming to witness this debacle?”
The portal stretched in all directions, a chaotic space with no ground or sky, no up or down, just a constantly shifting landscape, all flat planes and sharp edges.  There were colors he had no words for, glowing with a light that made his stomach twist, a sick, nauseous feeling of something being very wrong.  Some instinct, buried deep, knew this was wrong, and wanted nothing more than to get loose of it, to get free, to put his feet back on ground that would bear his weight.
Jan’s chin came up, her mouth a hard line.  “I’m not stealing from anyone,” she said, biting off the words.  “That workshop has been in my family for three generations now, since it was little more than a shop on the corner, my great-grandmother built it from nothing, and my grandmother improved it, and it’s not the fault of either of them that my mother has neither a head for business or a head for fashion, and now we’re beholden to that, that-”  She stopped, her her jaw working.  “It’s my designs that’s kept it running for the last five years, and-”
"Captain Rogers, I would never," Tony said, doing his best mock innocent voice.  Steve, who knew him a little too well by this point, just grinned.  Tony crooked a finger at him.  "Come here, your collar's all bunched up."
“At the pool party, that was a little odd,” Sam said, and almost against his will, Steve laughed.  “But here, a sweater is weather appropriate.  Put on a nice sweater and a pair of chinos.  I’ve got a spare Santa hat that I can lend you, but I expect you to give it back.”
“You aren’t kidding.”  Gleeful, Jess flicked through the threads, her grin only getting bigger with each page.  “Oh.  My.  God.”
“Since I'm planning on canceling on you with no warning,” Tony said.  “No matter when we schedule it for.  So more than happy to-”
Tony braced a hand on the back of his chair, glaring across the table.  Furbro, wearing a bowtie and a bored expression, groomed a paw.  "If he sticks his head into the soup tureen..."
The gym was filled with people, half of them unfamiliar to him, and all of them in the midst of what Tony would charitably describe as a 'boot scooting boogie.'  Leading them was, of all people, Bruce, who was demonstrating a complicated step to what appeared to be a pair of identical twins.  His face was flushed, and with each hop and sway, his glasses bounced on his nose, getting more and more off kilter.
“I’m well known for my understatement.”  Tony glared at Bruce, already halfway out of the workshop door. “You, don’t you dare, I will have you shot.”
“I wonder if that really is the case.” She took a piece of garlic bread from Wanda’s plate.  “Your view of the world may not be quite accurate.”
“Thanks,” Tony said.  He coughed, and Steve stopped, waiting for him to catch his breath.  Tony clutched at the banister.  “Thank you, really, I don't-”
“Too late!” Tony said, because everyone was filing out, one after another, with varying degrees of speed.  Bruce was the last one to slip through the door.
“Freak me out, is a little closer.  It’s not you,” Tony said, looking at the schematic.  It wasn’t his best work, but it had potential.  He started pulling it apart, yanking out systems with sharp, confident movements.
"Puce," she said, stabbing her pencil at the girl who was struggling to get her measuring tape around Thor neck.  "Do you need a stepstool, darling?"
Tony smiled back.  “I swear,” he said, his voice soft.  He moved his arm, and Furbro hopped into his lap, flopping down on his knees.  Tony barely seemed to notice.  “No matter what.  I’ll take care of him.”
“Even if he was, I’m not sure why it matters,” Tony said.  He tossed a few pawns onto the table.  “He’s a child.  His intelligence, or lack of it, really shouldn’t determine if he’s worthy of being-” He stopped, not sure how to verbalize it.  “He deserves a family, because-”
DJ rocked forward, his fingers tugging at the fabric of his pajama pants.  “The second one, didn’t need it, as much.  But the first one.”  He looked up, then down again.  “Don’t think they would’ve made the goal without me.  Might still have finished.”
He wondered if Tony would give him some advice, because he suspected Cynthia was right.  Going public, in the way they had, had some consequences he'd never anticipated.  Back when he was that child's age, he'd gotten pretty good at figuring out who was safe, who was likely to leave him alone.  And who was like him.
Tony's eyebrows rose.  "It...  It was dirtier than this before?" he asked, because he wasn't sure he believed that at all.
Tony’s mouth opened.  Closed.  He stepped back, into the shelter provided by the side of the curving stairs.  There, in the shadows, he was almost invisible, two sides blocked entirely and only one good angle for an attacker to manipulate.  He spread his hands.  “Better?”
“Maybe we should let him win next month,” Carol said.  She put a pen between her upper lip and her nose, and Jess giggled.
“Who wants to bet he used to draw a government paycheck at some point?” Clint asked, leaning back in his chair.
“You ate three boxes of custard tarts, told us you had done your part, pulled three chairs together, and went to sleep,” Steve said, smiling down at his computer.
Clint nodded.  “Okay,” he said.  He smiled at DJ, who smiled back.  “Hey, small Stark.  Who let you get taller?”
Sam pushed through the bushes.  “One would hope,” he said, his voice wry.  He looked at Steve.  “Redwing caught up with us.  We’ve got someone waiting for us at the next inn.”
"Where were we?" he asked DJ.  DJ reached out, tapping the beginning of the page.  "Ah, right.  Thank you."  He took a deep breath and went back to the book, trying to focus on DJ's reaction rather than the man hovering just a few feet away.  Despite what Stark had to say about their choice of entertainment, he didn't move away.  Instead, he took up a post at the table, well within earshot.
"The cabal of people who prefer you not be tarred and feathered every time you set foot outside does in fact include me,” Phil said.  “But I do not act independently of the group.”
“Sorry, I’m late, sorry, was-  I was cutting fruit,” Bruce said, hustling in, his arms wrapped around a large plastic bowl.  “The speaking committee gave me a fruit basket.  For, well, for speaking.”
“The only way to survive a conversation with you is to learn to read between the lines,” Steve said, so cheerful about it that Tony started to laugh.
“I mean, I’m sure that Steve is going to have some serious words for me about not being a complete idiot in public, but that ship has sailed and he knew what I was capable of when we started dating.”
“Not in retrospect.”  Sam gave him a look.  “At the time.  Were you aware that Symkaria had legalized gay marriage?”
Tony grinned after them, and snagged a dishcloth from the stack. “Shift change,” he said, his voice brisk.  “Off my station, Banner.”
“And I didn’t even stab you,” she said with a smile.  She reached for the blender.  “Come on.  You’ve got work to do, and it’s work better done while sober.”
“Yeah, I asked him.”  Rhodey stared at him, pained.  Tony raised one shoulder in a half shrug.  “Seemed like a good idea at the time?”
"It's less of a color and more of a species of mold," Sam said.  “It's-”  He shook his head.  “Objectively, purely objectively?  It's hideous.  I get dizzy every time I knock.”
There was a beat of silence, then Jan yelled from across the room, “COME OVER HERE AND GET YOUR JUST DESSERTS,” and Steve gave up.
“You should not lie, kid, you’re…  You’re not good at it,” Tony said, amused despite himself.  “But yeah,  We have College Tony Stark, Business Tony Stark, and Mechanic Tony Stark.”  Somehow, there was still fruit on his plate.  Tony poked a piece of pineapple with one tine of his fork.  Reluctantly, he stabbed it.  “Now we just need-”
Tony smiled at Steve.  “I stand here, and I wonder.  If we break up, Steve, you'll leave a massive hole in my life, and I'm starting to think it would even scratch the surface of yours.”
Steve shook his head.  “I told him I didn’t want to date you, then I told you I didn’t want to date you, in front of him.  What the hell else am I supposed to do?”
“In my defense, I tried to reschedule, and I'm not catching cold because you can't read a note.”  Stark strode across the tile.  “All right, my little pigeons, I'm off to handle some things.  Don't have too good of a time in my absence.”
“Of course your first, kneejerk response is to protect Franklin.  I mean-”  He shrugged.  “I think that would be your first reaction no matter what the threat is.  It's just harder here, because he is more at risk than the average child.”
He sighed, but he was smiling.  “Of course you are.”  He reached for his keyboard.  “Get your asses back here.  Now.”  And he cut the connection.
“Well.”  Clint pushed away from the counter, his head swinging back towards the stove.  “You gotta understand, Nat’s never been one to go down without a fight.
Tony rolled a silver ball bearing across the workbench in DJ's direction.  It rattled across the battered surface, catching the light every time it bounced.  DJ reached out, his fingers closing around the tiny steel ball.  "We're fine, Jarvis," Tony said, wiggling his fingers against the bench.  DJ took the hint and rolled it back.  "Bring us something-"  He paused.  "Low effort."
Steve nodded. “Thank you,” he said, putting his phone back in his pocket, and straightening his jacket.
Harris looked at her.  “I don’t have a gun,” he pointed out.  A Roomba was trying to collect the remains of his sandwich.  He lifted his arm to give it better access and it beeped at him in an approving manner.
The spike of nausea caught him off guard, so sudden and so complete that it left him reeling.  He reached for his coffee cup, and had to ignore the way his fingers were trembling.  “You’re here,” he said, his voice hard, “because I needed a housekeeper, and your aunt is a damn good one.  You were just part of a package deal, and at the time when I hired her, you were small and quiet and I assumed that she would be putting you in an empty closet or shed of some sort.”
Ellen scowled down at her phone. "She sent me a weird text." With a shrug, she jammed it into her pocket. "I'm ahead in the pool."
Stark smiled.  “Thanks.  For taking care of my kid.”  He shut the door,  and Tony slumped back in his seat, a hand over his eyes.
The kid stole a glance at him, his head coming up and then ducking right back down again.  "I want you to be," he said, the words almost inaudible.  "You're my grandpa's favorite, you know?  He talked about you, even before-"
“And now I know what you look like, wet and in a towel, and Jesus CHRIST,” Tony said. Steve's hands kept slipping down, and then jerking back up. Tony grinned at him. “Steve? We're married, and you just told the entire country you're in love with me. You can touch my ass if you want.”
“But my brother is, of course, fascinated enough that he wants to meet the man who came out of the ice, so once again, against my advice-”
“Because Pepper made it clear that we couldn’t have knife fights behind the dumpster anymore,” Tony said.  He caught Peter by the shoulder and walked the kid in a circle, pointing him towards the back door before he confiscated his broom.  “Box.  Coat.  Go home.  Anyone who is still in this kitchen in five minutes is going to be fired and not the fun kind of fired where I rehire you before the next course because I hadn’t planned ahead about what I was going to do with the asparagus in your absence.”
“Makes your eyes pop,” Sam said.  “Trust me.  Your choice of himbos won’t be able to resist you.  Despite your lack of social skills and that hole in the back of your pants.”
“I think we can make an exception,” Wanda said, and Agatha reached out, rapping her on the knuckles with the handle of her spoon.  Giggling, Wanda held her hands out of reach.  “She wouldn’t be the worst student you’ve taken on.”
“You were the one to bring Rogers into this,” Tony pointed out.  “I neither asked for, nor approved-”
“New tech's sexy, Banner, don't kinkshame me.”  The robot's steps paused, its head turning to focus on Tony.  The instant it locked on, the alarms in the armor went nuts, everything going off at once.  “Jay, kill the Klaxons, I'm aware of the threat.” He swooped in low, and shot up right in front of the robot, well within reach.
Jess stopped.  Set the comb down.  “Really,” she said, and there was a note to that one word that brought Steve’s head up.  Greer twisted in her chair, her eyes going wide.  “Really.  You got a date, did you?”
“I’ve seen it, I’ve eaten it, and I would’ve cheated on you, too,” Bucky said.  “I mean.  C’mon, Steve.  Quinoa?”
“Sorry, you gave them to Jan for the buffet table, and I learned my lesson, never doing that again,” Steve said, grinning at him.  “I nearly had a heart attack when I saw the price tag on that bouquet, and you just…”  He was laughing again, laughing so hard he couldn’t get the words out.  “Gave them to Jan.”
Laughing, Steve stepped back, letting Tony muscle his way into the space in front of the stove.  He didn’t go far, though, just waited until Tony was stirring the sauce before he wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, leaning into his back.  “Do I ever get to taste it?” he asked, his chin on Tony’s shoulder.
“Ah.”  Harris stood, too.  He tried to smile.  “I-  I’m glad.  That I got to see you again.  And that you’re…  Doing well.  I hoped, you know, that you were okay.”
Steve leaned over, his fingers gentle on the line of Tony's jaw.  “On you, it works,” he said, making Tony laugh.  “Here.  Sit up.”
“It is magic,” Tony agreed, reclaiming the sequence of digits from her and setting them back to rights.  “What’s magic?”
Tony smiled at him.  “Glad I could expand your horizons.”  He held out his champagne glass.  “To Jan.  And her ability to spend other people's money.”
"Well, that's worse.  Anyway.  He can eat in the kitchen," Tony said.  "We can't have an uneven number at the table."
“Please, have some respect for the dead,” he said, when the two of them gave every indication of having forgotten he was in the room.
Tony's stomach growled.  "I haven't had anything but toast in two days," he said.  It was a lie, but it was a lie that Bucky would appreciate.
Sam was staring at him, too.  “Wow,” he said, and that was cutting from a man with a wrapped box under his arm and a snowman knit hat on his head.  “Tony, I don’t think-’’
“Captain America can’t save Christmas,” Tony said.  “He thinks he can.  But he’s helpless in the face of the many challenges facing us in this difficult-”
“Not quite,” Tony said, just before the ceiling above them opened up.  “Watch your head, we've got to clear this mess.”
Tony smiled back. “Yes.  You have.”  Furbro jumped onto his desk, scattering his paperwork, and he leaned back in his chair with a sigh as pages floated to the floor.  He looked up at Obie.  “I seem to have lost control of my life.”
"We do not tell him," Hitomi said.  She glanced in Steve's direction, a puckish smile curving her lips.  "Let him think we have only organic juice and fresh vegetables here."  She stood, wiping her hands on a tea towel.  "When we are sick, sometimes the things that are good for us, are not-"  She stopped, her eyes narrowing.  "Not good for us."
Curious.  Unconcerned.  Almost amused.  DJ glanced desperately over his shoulder, but he was alone.  Just him, and the thing that was crawling across the ceiling, across the walls.  The thing that was reaching for him.
Pepper picked up the silver pitcher from the table beside the bed.  “He’s fine,” she said, filling a cup with water.  “He’s-”
“Yes, but brute force isn’t likely to solve this problem.” Tony’s voice was muffled as he leaned forward, the muscles in his arms and shoulders flexing as he reached up with his free hand.  “It requires…” Tony twisted around, and Steve caught a glimpse of his face, his eyes closed, his lips parted.
On the seat next to him, Furbro stretched, his paws digging at the air for a moment before he curled back into a ball.  “Useless,” Tony told him, and one of the cat’s ears twitched, which was, Tony supposed, as much acknowledgement as he could hope for.
There was a scrambling sound next to him, feet kicking hard against the carpet, and Tony's hand snapped out, making a desperate grab for Peter as he lunged towards the balcony.  “Parker, don't, what the hell are you-”
Then Tony was taking the vase from him, long, strong fingers cradling the crystal, drawing it out of Steve’s hands.  “So no one on this team trusted Jess with the flower arrangements.”
“Wait, Rhodey?” Tony asked, and every head in the room swung in his direction.  He scowled at them, which probably was ineffective, because he could feel DJ’s chin on top of his head.  “Rhodey’s not even here, why does he get pastry?”
"No, I think I get what he's saying," Steve said.  "I mean, most of the time, when you live in a small space, everything's semi public except for the bedroom.  If you share space with other people, the bedroom's kind of the last line of defense for privacy.  But that's not something Tony has to deal with.”
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it.  “Fourteen hours a day, he lives on the curb outside my restaurant,” he said, and that sounded more defensive than he'd intended it to.  “Which, you know, seems adequate, so-”
"Misery loves company," Tony agreed.  He took a deep breath. "I know you think this is the right thing to do."
Clint shrugged, and took another bite of lo mein.  “Probably,” he said.  “She'll find it amusing to mess with Jan's plans.”
"They weren't looking for you, Captain Rogers," Cynthia said.  She stepped through the door.  "Now, they will be."
For a long moment, he stared up at the ceiling, fragments of a very hot, very confusing dream clinging to the edges of his consciousness, to his very frustrated brain.  He took a breath, trying to reintroduce some semblance of sanity.  “Okay,” he said, to no one in particular.  “That was fucked up.”  He pressed a hand to his face.  “Where the HELL did that-”
“Ah.”  Harris nodded.  The creature’s head bumped against Agatha’s ear, and her head tipped to the side, as if she was listening.  Harris’ fingers twitched on the tablecloth.  He cleared his throat.  “I don’t suppose the ancient one enjoys scritches?”
“I’ll be up to check on you in a moment,” May said, “and I expect I’ll find you in bed, with the covers tucked up under you chin.” Her eyebrows arched.  “Do I make myself clear?”
At the 'fun table,' Luke gave him a thumbs up.  Steve tried to smile at him.  He was pretty sure he wasn't successful, but he tried.
“Comforting.” Bruce squinted down at his tablet, and Tony reached over, flicking his glasses off of his forehead and down to his nose.  Bruce blinked, and leaned back.  “It’s comforting that you, uh, that you have an actual timeline on that.”
"I know it is, but my bisexual outting came a long time ago, Steve," Tony said.  "I'm old news.  I'm not going to be the one they focus on here."
Steve leaned back. "See, here's the thing," he said. "This country's always had an obsession with forward momentum. With being the greatest, the best, the first. We care, so deeply, about being in the lead, and then, when that first guy's across the line? We lose interest and forget that everyone else is struggling to catch up."
“It's heading North,” Coulson said.  “And we've got an opening up ahead.  There's street work being done to repair a water main, traffic's at a minimum, local access only, and we have minimal sidewalk traffic.  It's the best place to pin this thing down and try to contain it.”
“Spoken like a man who's never slept through the night in a tenement,” Rogers said, his voice coming from so close behind him that Tony's heart rate went right through the roof again.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony's waist, tugging him in close.  “It's not a secret,” he said, and when he said it, Tony was pretty sure he believed it.  “It's just-” His eyes met Tony's.  “Private.”
“That does seem easier,” Tony agreed, his lips twitching. “Fine.  I'll find some ice cream or something.”
“I think the marriage, I think that's the main thing,” Tony said, slumped back against the couch.  He had alcohol.  It helped.  It was a temporary way of coping and not a good way of coping, but he'd take it for the moment.
“I'll loop you in on the text alerts Sue Storm and I have going,” Jan said cheerfully.  “You can help us with the playdates!”
“Of course I didn’t tell her I was dying,” Tony yelled back.  “My first words to her were ‘I’m not dying,’ but-”
Jan waved an airy hand in his direction.  "We've all got work to do,” she said, the words mumbled out around a mouthful of pins.  “And I had to work this in when I could bring in my people.”
“Trouble,” she agreed, giving him a kiss on the forehead.  “Go ahead, Steve, you can get changed in the powder room there on-”
“Mostly because when one of them starts pulling stupid shit, most of us don't know what they're up to until too late,” Luke said.  “The others act as whistleblowers so we at least have time to prepare before the latest 'best idea ever' levels a couple of city blocks or brings someone back from the dead.”
Tony sat up, making sure that his hips ground against Steve's as he did. “Good starting point,” he said, sliding his tie off.
“You pickpocketed him,” the watchmaker pointed out, going back to his work.  “I think he gets to be a little tense.”
“She will text you if she wishes to hear from you again,” Okoye said.  She loomed over him, her eyes going into slits.  “Should she do so?  You will reply.  Immediately.”
“I called Happy,” Tony panted against his throat. “He came and took the suitcase suit from me and he's waiting downstairs. With the limo.” He arched into Steve's body, need sizzling through him. “Limo. Big. Plush. Bench seats.” He grinned at Steve, who was looking like he'd just taken a hard blow to the head. “I've slept back there. You can sprawl out. And it's completely soundproofed.” His eyes met Steve's. “I made sure of that.”
Tony grinned at him, broad and easy, and Steve’s heart still skipped a beat at that.  The way that Tony’s eyes crinkled at the corners when he was really, truly smiling.  The way that he stood, his chef’s whites unbuttoned and open over his rumpled Metallica t-shirt, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, as if he was utterly relaxed at that moment.  The way his face softened when he looked at Steve, like it was okay, like everything was okay, like it would be okay.
“There's a bottle of champagne chilling in the stand,” Happy said. He held up his phone. “Internet's going nuts, you did good, Cap.”
“And he showed up, with Rhodey and Happy in tow, to spring me.”  She patted a tree as they passed, her palm firm on the bark.  “I still remember that.  Sitting there, in that holding cell, too numb to be scared.  Too resigned.  Too jaded.
“No, he’s not,” Pepper said.  Rhodey gave her a mock hurt look, and she just shook her head.  “Good try, but not a chance.”
Her expression went still.  “Ah.”  She stood up, turning to set the plush on her chair.  “I think you’re lost.”
“Darling, I am a one woman Pepper Potts Pep Squad,” Jan said, her eyelashes fluttering.  “You should know that by now.”
But Tony was quick on the uptake, his mouth softening against Steve's, and Steve was pretty sure he was smiling into the kiss, because if that was possible, Tony could do it.  His hands smoothed up Steve's chest, and Steve shivered, pushing closer, crowding him back against the table.  His hand was still cradling Tony's jaw, his cheek, and he didn't know what to do with the other one.  He hadn't felt this awkward and out of place in his own skin since the serum, and kissing Tony wasn't that different than crashing through a plate glass window, anyway.
He looked up.  “Sit there for that long with his head in your lap.”  Sam stared at him.  Tony waved at the bed.  “Like that.”  Sam still looked blank, and Tony frowned.  “Don't you-”
Tony was chatting with Rhodey when he reached their table.  Tony glanced up at him.  “You okay?” he asked.  “I was about to ask Jarvis if you'd fled the building.”
“No.  She is not.”  Tony slipped his hands in his pockets.  “The point is, I’ve know her for a long time, and if something hadn’t gone wrong, she would’ve spent the first two thirds of the party waiting for something to go wrong, and the last third assuming something had gone wrong, and she’d missed it.  She’ll never admit it, but she’s got a tiny superstitious streak.
Tony wrapped his free arm around Steve’s back, pulling him in, coaxing Steve into the shelter of his body.  Steve buried his face in Tony’s shoulder, his breath shuddering in his chest.  Tony’s fingers tightened, digging in, like he was afraid that Steve would somehow slip out of his grip.  “Sorry,” Steve whispered against his neck.
Steve kissed the side of his neck.  “And this.”  He touched the side of Tony’s left shoulder, high up, where it would be hidden by even a short sleeved shirt.  Where he couldn’t see it.  Three perfect pink balls, each wrapped in a dark green, saw-toothed leaf.  “I looked these up, you know.”
“Why do you think that?” Sam asked, and there was no censure there, no judgment.  Just a calm, curious question.  “Steve.  Why do you think that?”
For an instant, Tony’s face went blank, all the sharp hauteur falling away, leaving only confusion.  Steve’s fingers tightened, his grip just firm enough that Tony couldn’t easily pull away, and color rushed back into Tony’s face.  He let out a bark of laughter.  “I don’t take orders from anyone,” he gritted out, “and you’re not in charge here.  You’re not even-”
“It seemed prudent.” Steve lay his book down on his lap, spine up.  “Also, wondering why my boyfriend was ducking my phone calls.”
“I mean, I am,” Clint said, balancing the unicorn on his head as he dug through the shirts.  “But I live with a bunch of people who are in varying stages of a nervous breakdown.”
Bright eyes darted in his direction, and she gave him a winning smile.  “Cool.  I’ll take one of each.”  She braced an arm on the edge of the window, leaning to the side.  “Hey, Tony.”
On the other end of the line, Tony was silent for a long moment.  “Is it at least going well?” he asked at last.
“Let me rip up the divorce papers,” Steve said, the words rushing out of him, and Tony stopped.  Steve took a breath, staring at the doors of the elevator.  “That’s…  Been a reoccurring one for me, the last couple of days.”  He looked down at Tony.  “If things don’t work out, I understand, I won’t blame you, but for right now-”
“Perhaps we are at an age where lying at the floor is more of a detriment than a pleasure, no matter what company we might have.”  Brisk footsteps, and then Jarvis stepped in front of Tony, offering him a hand.  “Up we go, sir.  I’ll run you a bath tonight.”
“He was one of our witnesses, but we're still not quite sure he knows,” Miss Ports said, her eyes dancing.  “He was...”  She glanced at Rhodes.  “Distracted.”
Ellen rolled her eyes, and snatched the chipped cup from the top shelf.  “I withdraw my offer of tea,” she said, stomping back into the living room.
“Less talking, boy, and far more petting,” Agatha said into her tea cup, and Harris reached out, his movements slow and cautious.  .
The blonde stared at her.  “What?”  His eyes went wide.  “Oh.  Oh, God, no.  No.  Not-  Not that kind of a documentation problem, it’s-”  He took a deep breath.  “It’s so, so much worse than that.”
Steve sucked in a breath, and it shuddered through him.  “You do okay when you're flying,” he managed.  His voice was shaky on the edges of the words, unsteady in between them.  But he was breathing.  He could breathe.  His legs felt unsteady, and he lowered himself back down onto the bench while he still had something resembling control.
"We're lucky he didn't strip everything out of the workshop, along with the corporate assets," Pepper said.  She shook her head.  “That would've been a nightmare.”
Confused, Harris looked at DJ, who spun his chair in a circle with a flick of one foot.  “Ah!” he said, the single syllable somehow triumphant.  His head rolled on his neck, tracking Tony as the chair continued to turn.  “You figured it out.”
One of Clint's shoulders rose in a slight shrug.  "There's fresh fruit, apples and pears and plums, and probably some berries in the ice box, oatmeal's in the pot on the stove.  Bread's baked fresh daily, and we've got eggs, bacon, sausage, cheese.  Mrs. Parker makes the pastry, so we've got pie and sweet buns, tarts and biscuits.  Coffee and tea, milk and juice.”  He crossed his arms over his chest.  "So.  What's your pleasure?”
“I’d say, you should ask him, but I’ve known him long enough to know that that’s not as easy as it seems,” Rhodey said.  “Sure.  You want to meet somewhere for breakfast, or-”
“Good thing this isn’t an Iron Man costume then,” Clint said, slapping the bag with one hand.  “It’s a Metal Hero costume.”  Tony gave him a look, and Clint grinned back, immune to both censure and common sense.  “Legally distinct.”
Tony slowed down, just a little, just enough for her to catch up. “Know what would fix that problem?” he gritted out.
“Fixing it,” she said, taking his credit card from Harris and sliding it across the registration desk.  “Give me six of your most expensive passes, five adults and one child, and if he keeps this up, I’m going to make Tony make the child pass.”
“Stop it,” Pepper said, her lips twitching.  Tony gave her an innocent look. “Tony. You’re not a cruel person.”
She gave him a suspicious look, but leaned over to take a quick smell.  Her nose wrinkled.  “More...  Citrusy?”   Pepper straightened up.  “It's raspberry puree?”
“Strangely, yes, it did.”  Jesse's booted foot bobbed up and down.  “So one place didn't have a fancy suite or penthouse, one was too far out, one was available immediately, so clearly no one was using it right now.”
“What, about the panicking PhDs?” she asked, waving him off.  “Not your fault, buster.  They work for SHIELD; they know entirely too much about too many things, and unlike the rest of us, they actually try to make all those things make SENSE.  That’s the mistake right there.”  She looked at Sitwell.  “If you bring up Game of Thrones one more time…”
"Mostly, he gets stuck carting me from one end of the city to the other," Miss Potts said, giving the man a quick, warm smile.  She slid into the car, leaving Steve hovering awkwardly on the sidewalk, unsure what to do.  Miss Potts leaned back out, her eyes canting up in his direction.  "Officer?  We are on a strict schedule here, so shall we?"
The fellow doffed his flat cap, his broad Irish face.  “Sorry 'bout this,” he said, with a lopsided smile.  “I'm Hogan.  Happy Hogan, one of-”  His voice dropped to a bare whisper.  “One of Mr. Stark's men?”
“I do not do PR duty,” Jessica said, tucking her hands in her pockets.  “That's what we keep Cap around for.”
For a long moment, Tony just breathed, and Steve raised their linked hands, his knuckles just brushing against the hard rim of the arc reactor.  “What do you need?” Tony asked at last.
“And that weird seaweed stuff you like.” His dad cleared a space next to him, shoving books out of the way with no respect for loose pages and cracked spines.  “You hungry?”
She flicked one finger, and DJ’s abandoned tea cup floated up, landing neatly on the table.  “Who are you, child?”
The hallway that stretched in front of him was unlike anything he’d ever seen, the walls made of unbroken, polished metal.  At first glance, it seemed utilitarian, almost featureless, but as he ran his fingers along the walls, he could feel flourishes, smooth and flowing, across the surface.  Recessed alcoves glowed above his head, the light as warm as sunlight on his skin.
“A strange sort of freedom, if it means ending up being a servant,” Steve bit out, and Jarvis smiled at him.  Steve stopped, scraping a hand over his face.  “I’m sorry.  That’s…  I didn’t mean it like that.”
“Bad idea,” he managed, but she knew better than he did, that was obvious, and he managed not to trip over his own feet or kick her in the shins.  “Right, that worked better than expected, let’s not risk trying it a second-”
“All right.”  Steve straightened up, holding a hand out to DJ.  “Let’s go.  We can patrol together.  Maybe we’ll be a little more tired when we’re done.”
“Right, I’m getting out,” Steve said, shifting his weight forward, and Tony reached over, catching him by the shoulder.
“Yeah, she’s a peach, and what the fuck did she put on me?” Tony asked, already knowing and dreading the answer.
“Right, I don’t need guilt right now, I’m not feeling guilty, my parents are dead, too,” Harris told him.
Steve rolled his eyes, telling himself that he wasn't as hot as it felt. The suit that Miss Van Dyne had sent over fit him like a glove. Not that he'd expected anyone to notice. Certainly not Tony, who was used to people wearing things that, well, fit properly. "You scared her off," he said. "Can you at least button your shirt properly, Seamus?"
“Welcome to the Avengers Tower holiday party!” Jan, clad in a red velvet dress trimmed with silver metallic snowflakes, spread her arms wide.  She was wearing silver fingerless gloves and a cunning little hat trimmed with silver lace and tiny silk poinsettias.  “We’re so glad you made it!
“He had some help,” Bobbi said.  They crested the edge of the grounds and headed down, towards the wall that circled around the orchard and the lake, down into the darkness, lit only by the moon.  She didn’t seem bothered by that, but he supposed she knew the way even better than he did.  “And a lot of things had to happen to land me there.”
Steve poured two cups, downing half of his as he headed back to the bedroom.  He paused in the doorway.  “I have coffee.”
The burst of laughter echoed up from the great hall, loud and long, undercut by the pounding of feet on the stairs and along the hall at a rapid pace.  "Jarvis, my friend!  How cruel, I come here, and there is no one!  What am I to think, other than you have left the house deserted?"
“No, it’s fine,” Tony said, taking another quick sip.  This time, he was prepared for the burn, and the heat settled low in his stomach, a comforting, familiar warmth.  “Tell me what’s happening at the factory.”
“Let’s go,” Carol said, wrapping an arm around Jess’ waist and picking her up.  She snagged Greer by the wrist and hustled them both towards the kitchen door.  Greer gave Steve a wave, and before he could wave back, they were gone.
Steve braced his hands on the ground, trying to ignore how hard it was to draw a deep breath.  “I oughta lock you in that room of yours,” he said, pushing himself to his feet.
“No offense intended, Officer Rogers, but you’re not,” May said, making him laugh.  She squeezed his hand.  “Head up, please, your feet are right where you left them.”
Harris looked at the broom in his hand.  “No, uh, no, I’m-”  He looked at her.  “I’m-”  His eyes darted to the side, towards the tray of dirty dishes next to the door.  “Is this the VIP lounge?”
Tony’s hands slid down the length of the straps, his knuckles ghosting against Steve’s stomach.  Even through the fabric of his shirt, the contact made Steve’s stomach muscles tighten.  He sucked in a breath, and Tony’s eyes flicked up, catching his even as his hands slipped back up to his chest, using his grip on Steve’s suspenders to tug him forward.  “Yes.”  His head tipped up, the word whispered against Steve’s lips.  “I’ve got you.  No escape, I’m afraid.”
"Yes," Steve said, because he as an idiot, he was absolutely an idiot.  And he might be a lousy liar, but he was a stubborn liar.  He reached for the big, leatherbound menu that the maitre d' had left within reach.  "No idea what I ordered.  It's all in-"  He squinted down at the menu.  "In French."
DJ reached up with both hands, leaning them into Hulk's palm.  "Okay!" he said, and this time he managed a smile.  He glanced over at Steve and Tony, and Tony could see the strain in his face, in the way his words came with such effort.  "Was worried."
Tony glanced at the huge line behind him.  Despite the hour, the queue line was full to overflowing, people perched on top of their luggage and sitting on the floor.  Two men, who looked like locals, were playing cards, the draw deck tucked in the pocket of a jacket thrown on the upraised handle of a suitcase.  A woman with two small children clinging to her skirts and a baby in a sling against her breast was handing out cookies and dried fruit from wrinkled paper bags.  Powdered sugar floated like snow to the floor, coating the toes of the smaller boy.  A group of students was clustered together, speaking in halting, uneven sentences, their head bent over well-worn phrase books.  Florescent sticky flags marked pages that were apparently of particular interest, fluttering like nervous wings every time they turned a page.  An elderly lady in a wheelchair napped, her head hanging forward, her lips parted, her hands folded in her lap.  The airline employee pushing her chair appeared only slightly more awake than she was.
She smiled just above the rim of her cup.  “No, it didn’t,” she said.  “You’re far stronger than you know.”
“Yes?” Steve said, and that should not be a question, really, he knew what he was doing.  “Yes.  Obviously.”
“I have no idea what's going on,” Tony admitted, as Steve smoothed his hair back.  Giving up, Tony leaned into the contact, needing the support more than he liked to admit.  “What's going on?”
Steve stood there, something like a headache developing behind his temples.  "This place is a lunatic asylum," he muttered under his breath.
“Not late enough, apparently,” Tony said.  Someone darted behind him, and it was everything he could do not to flinch.  He couldn't quite focus on anything, no matter how hard he stared at the readout of the cooker, he couldn't make it make sense.  “Let's just get through this.”
A cat leapt up onto the edge of the table, and DJ jumped, nearly knocking over his water glass.  The cat, a lean, angular creature with mottled black and gray fur that lay tight on its bony frame, gave him a look on its way past, golden-orange eyes reflecting the light as it turned its head.
“Thank you,” Steve told him.  “I like you, too.”  He  leaned over, pressing a kiss to the top of Tony's head.  “Let me know when you're ready for dinner.”
Steve nodded.  “Yes.  You do, don't you?”  He smiled at Tony.  “Maybe that's why you were so willing to take in a stray when you found one.”
“Hold back on the perimeter,” Coulson said, his voice calm over the comm line, and Tony banked hard to the right.  “Falcon's keeping an eye on the Hulk, and the mechanism is out of commission.  SHEILD scientific is clearing the scene.”
“No.”  DJ leaned into the kitchen.  He was covered in dirt from the top of his head to his bare feet.  “Gonna.”  He paused.  “Charge.”
“You have far too high of an opinion of me, Jarvis.” Tony rolled over, burying his face in his pillow.  “Since it's morning, you're all fired.  Get out.”
Steve realized he was turning an apple in his hands.  He stilled his fingers with a force of will.  “I’m sorry.”
Steve froze, his lips still pursed around the silly straw.  He gave a slight cough.  “So.” He squeezed his eyes shut.  “I...  Might've taken advantage of the situation.”
“I mean, less good, but still a step up from-” Harris’ eyes jerked down towards Darcy’s sleeping form, then back up.  “A lot of things.”  His fingers were gentle on her hair, separating the strands into soft waves.  “A whole lot of things.”
But halfway up the road, he spotted a sign shaped like a clockface, and his hand went to his coat pocket.  Without really thinking about it, he lead Nomad up to the shop, and looped his reins around a nearby post.
“Let him work,” Natasha said, her eyes never leaving the gun in front of her.  Clint subsided.  “Thank you.”
Steve moved up next to him, and Bruce retreated to a nearby seat.  Tony, seated on a bench across the way, ignored them both.  A handful of pieces of the armor were scattered on the bench next to him, and his head was bent over the tablet in his hands.  His hair was damp, water beading on the dark strands, and his face was pale.  The undersuit still looked wet, and a towel was tossed on the floor nearby. It didn’t look like it had been used much.
Steve sank into the chair.  “I’m not used to-”  He shook his head.  “I didn’t figure anyone would notice.”
“I don't yell, Hawkeye,” Phil said, and that was his 'we'll discuss this later' voice.  Clint hated that voice.  “You ready to get out of there?”
"So you still haven't fixed the memory leak with the OS of the StarkPhone 6?" a woman in the second row asked.
“I had to change out of uniform, and besides, if I’d shown up any earlier, you’d’ve had me scrubbing a station,” Rhodey pointed out.  He reached across the station to Bruce.  “It’s been a long time, Bruce.  You coming out with us tonight?”
“Right.” He took a breath.  His head ached with the dull, vaguely remembered pain of a hangover.  He might not get them anymore, but sometimes, he could swear he felt it, the pain like a phantom limb that he refused to give up.
Harris looked helplessly at Strange, and then at Tony and Fury.  Tony took a step forward.  “You’re going home,” he said, in a voice of such confidence that Harris found himself nodding.  “We got you home last time.  Didn’t we?”  He looked at DJ, his eyebrows arching.  “We got you home.  And we’ve got more help now than we did then.”  He looked at the portal, looked at Strange.  “Together.  We’ll get you home.”
“I’m gonna say better,” Rhodey said.  “In that my mother can’t bring me up on charges and have me dishonorably discharged.”
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis set a small saucer of chopped meat and gravy in front of Furbro, who sniffed delicately at it.
The library was quiet and still, the rows and rows of bookshelves piled high with heavy old volumes and random piles of scrolls and tablets.  Dust motes floated through the air, caught in the golden light of the lamps.  The center of the library was dominated by a massive table, worn smooth by countless years of use, and stained by a variety of things that DJ did his absolute best not to think about.
Steve let out a raw, angry bark of laughter.  “We-”  He sucked in a breath, and another.  “We don't know if that's...  Permanent,” he said.  Tony's fingers stilled against his hair, and Steve's head turned, twisting away.  “We don't know anything.”
"Not in the mood," she said, and Tony switched gears with the speed and precision of a Formula One driver.
He reached for his croissant.  “Especially someone we love.  No body’s getting a new hair cut and going home and hoping for ‘well, that’s something you chose to do and I support you in your body autonomy,’” he said, his voice grim.  Steve hid his smile behind this coffee cup, and Rhodey grinned at him.  “Yeah, i see that.  You think you’re sneaky, but you’re not.”  He pointed the croissant at Steve. “Yeah.  He was drunk.  But it wasn’t a spur of the moment thing, it was a design his artist already had.
“No faith,” Clint said, his voice laconic.  “We've got two moving up towards the office above the main work floor.”
“And if you had not presented a clear threat to it, it would never have done so,” he said.  “It responds to threats, Agent.  You presented a threat.  It responded.”
“No,” Steve said, but Tony was pretty sure there was wiggle room there.  He was grinning as he took a bite of the flatbread stuffed with sausages and a mix of pickled vegetables.  The wax paper wrapping it crackled as he tried to wipe his mouth with the back of his hand without dropping his drink.
“Welcome home, boss,” Happy said, so clearly unconcerned that Tony would’ve kicked the side of the car if it wasn’t his car, and also, if Happy wouldn’t have been perfectly happy buffing it out.
Furbro shot out of DJ’s sleeve, darting around Wanda’s palm and curling his tail between her fingers.  Wanda smiled down at him.  “Hello there.”  Furbro opened his mouth, chittering at her and rubbing his head against her thumb.  Laughing, Wanda gave him a cautious stroke.  “Aren’t you a friendly little one?”
“Jarvis, do you have a needle and thread and some shears?” Miss Van Dyne asked, ignoring him with a great deal of aplomb.
There was a moment of silence, then the rustle of fabric as Tony lifted the sheets.  “Well, this is going to look good when we try to leave,” he said, his voice resigned.
“Right,” Steve gritted out, giving Natasha a measuring glance.  She smiled, just a little, amusement flickering over her face.
Panic didn’t help.  Steve knew that.  He sucked in a breath, trying to focus, trying to keep his head clear.  “When?” Steve asked.
It took a few tries, but he managed to get Tony to sit down on the side of the bed, Steve's hands braced on his shoulders to keep him from getting back up.  “Do you need something to drink?  An aspirin?”
“But you’re going to walk it,” she said.  She slapped her hat against her thigh, and slipped it back into place with a fluid twist of her wrist.  “And I’ll come with you.”
“He took that well,” someone said behind him, right before Harris shut the door with a firm flick of his wrist.  He wandered back towards the bed, doing his best not to trip on the too long legs of his pants.  He heard the door open behind him just as he flung himself face down on the bed.
“I really don’t think you will,” Steve said, even as she took his hands, dragging him forward.  He gave Rhodey a helpless look, and Rhodey shrugged.
“Besides,” Jessica said, dusting her hands off on her thighs, “this is just a daily occurrence for most of us.” She met Steve's eyes, her gaze flat.  “At least during a fight, we can punch our local oversharing assholes.”
“Hey, Jarvis.”  Steve threw the refrigerator door open, bracing it with one foot as he started to unload the groceries.  “You need something?”
Bobbi was waiting at the kitchen door, her shoulders braced against the wall, her arms crossed over her chest.  As the car slowed to a halt, she pushed herself upright, her coat swinging around her legs with the movement.  There was a holster strapped to her hip, the grip catching the light that flowed through the kitchen windows.
She gave him a look, her face flushed, her loose copper curls bouncing around her shoulders with every step.  “I’ve never given up on a lost cause before, officer, I’m not about to start now.”
Sam spread his hands.  “Okay, everyone in this room who has super strength, bench press a piece of furniture with one hand.”
“At the limited speeds that the quinjet is currently capable of reaching, this is an accurate estimate,” Jarvis said.  The phone buzzed again, and he added a pointed, “Ms. Potts is unlikely to give up, sir.”
“Pretty sure it was DJ,” Steve said, bopping him with the pillow again.  “Tell your kid you love him.”
“It’s my house, I can go where I please,” Tony said, trying for dignity despite the giggling child on his back.  He handed the empty glass to Jarvis as he passed.  “We got tired of waiting.”
He was afraid to turn around, because he one hundred percent would’ve fallen on his face.  “How’s the front of house, Pepper?”
The usher nodded.  “Yes, Mr. Stark.”  Seemingly happy to be given a task he could accomplish, the boy darted back out, letting the door shut softly behind him.
“So why not just hire waitstaff?” Greer asked.  Jan looked at her, and Greer rocked in her chair, her green eyes flashing.  “It’s New York.  There have to be temp companies that provide waitstaff, right?”  She sorted through the menus, tossing a few aside.  Steve picked one off the pile, flipping through it.  “Hire people to keep the tables full and to walk around with trays.”
Tony held up a finger, and crossed back to the window with long, brisk steps.  He braced his hand against the frame, frowning down at the lawn, but the three of them were still there, Peter with a ladder now and DJ on Steve’s back, clinging like a monkey as Steve piled apples in the fabric of his untucked shirt.  Tony took a deep breath, and let it out.
“Where are we going?” Steve asked as he pulled up next to her, suspicion pricking the edges of his mind.
“Excuse me, sirs,” Jarvis said, his voice cutting crisply through the argument.  “It is time for DJ’s maths lesson.” Without waiting for a response, he stepped between them, catching DJ’s hand and reversed direction, as quick and efficient as any soldier in full march.  In a matter of moments, he’d walked in, collected DJ and walked him right back out, handing him off to Peter.  Peter, for his part, nearly sprinted back for the kitchen stairs, DJ bouncing right along with him.
“I am nothing but grace and I resent the implication in that question,” Tony said, from between teeth that absolutely were not clenched.  He braced his hands on the workbench.  “Banner.  Seriously.  I put up with Clint snoring on my couch and Natasha ‘fixing’ her weaponry and Thor’s one sided conversation and I’ve removed Coulson’s access codes from the system three times now and he still managed to sneak in and I’m sick of running diagnostics on Jay to figure out how that’s happening, so-”
Tony ignored him.  “Steve's...  Going to sell this.  I just have to remember that it's an act.  That it's not real, that it's not-”  He stopped, and took a deep breath.  “He's moving in.  I'll be spending the next couple of months in the workshop.”
“A compelling argument,” Tony said, amused.  He tucked the piece of bacon into his mouth like a cigar and reached for the silver bowl of fruit salad.  “Want to know a better one?  Pants.”
Understanding dawned, and with it, a sense of almost overwhelming relief.  “You old goat.  You’re pushing me under the bus.”
Steve gave up and shut the door.  “Still have the one that Erskine gave me, actually.”  He considered the bakery bag.  “That for me?”
Laughing, Rhodey extended a hand to Steve, who shook it.  “All seriousness, Steve.  Go to bed.  Things're quiet, and you don't need to lose sleep over it.”
He’d almost forgotten he’d ordered it until it showed up.  Now that it was here, he had no idea what to do with it.  The idea of actually giving it to Tony made his stomach hurt.
Tony nodded.  “Right.  Right.”  He pushed himself to his feet.  “Nat?”  She looked at him, the blender cup in one hand.  He nodded. “I might have to throw up.”
It was enough.  DJ darted past them, still tossing petals, and Steve grinned.  It was more than enough.
“What, what was in the vase?” Steve asked, his head in his hands.  That was met with silence, and he looked up to find Clint watching him, his eyes narrowed.  Steve rocked back in his chair.  “Oh, was I not supposed to figure that one out?”
He stopped, drawing himself up short.  “Jar.”  He looked at DJ, who nodded.  Tony held out a hand to him.  “Let’s start with a jar.”
DJ started humming “Star Spangled Man With a Plan” and Tony choked on a laugh.  DJ’s parents, for their part, went still, and slowly, slowly pulled apart.
Tony ignored the warmth curling in the pit of his stomach as Steve took a step back.  “You're up early,” he said, arching an eyebrow at Steve
He pushed himself to his feet, his face hot, and DJ was there, his hands coming up in a burst of joyous energy, flower petals tumbling from his fingers.  Laughing, Steve tried to dodge them, but DJ wasn't the only one throwing them now, Peter and Natasha and Bobbi were behind him, all of them tossing petals into the air, so many that it was like a storm.
Rogers shook his head.  “You didn't pick this room,” he said, and it was disparaging.  “You didn't-”
“Right,” he gritted out.  “So.  What.  You built that which man should not make, and now it's gotten away from you and you need us to destroy it before it starts damaging people and property?  Great.  Happy to help.  You can send our medals to-”
DJ blinked at him, and Val leaned over her folded legs.  “You seem a little-”  Her head tipped to the side.  “Upset.  Mom wasn't going to let us come today, but you never ask, not like this, and I said to Mom that maybe you were-”  She bit her lip.  “Scared?”
“Your hair is nice and your bots love you best,” DJ said.  He held up a brochure.  “This is dated 1982.”
There was a rather large gauze pad taped firmly into place on the back of his shoulder.  He twisted his head to the side, squinting at the edges.  “Right,” he said, because the pain had quickly faded to just one more throbbing ache.  “Right.  I can’t…”  He scraped a hand over his face.  “Coffee.”
Pepper was silent for another moment.  "Is that a 'good fuck' or a 'bad fuck?'" she asked at last.  "And be aware that Marcy is staring at me as I'm forced to ask that question, Tony."
Her head swiveled in his direction. “Because you’re the only one who’s going to suffer at the world’s largest ball of twine,” she said.  “I’ll do anything for a stupid instagram photo, Harris been to three garlic festivals this year-”
“No, we do not, but they are loud and clumsy, and get in each other’s way, making it impossible for them to do anything without being seen.  For now, that’s enough.” Jarvis set the plates and cups in the rack to be washed.  “Mr. Rhodes, will you be spending the night?”
A soft, almost inaudible sound brought his head up. For a second, he didn't understand. Or maybe he just didn't want to.
“Well, let’s just say you’re a new problem, but an amusing one,” Pepper said.  She gave Rhodey a wide eyed, hopeful look.  “James, darling?  Can you-”
"Shouldn't you be upstairs, sir?" Natasha asked, pouring the coffee with a neat twist of her wrist.  She held the cup out to him.  "In the dining room?"
“We’ll see.  Depends on how it turns out,” Tony said, moving the spoon through the white sauce.  Steve reached out, brushing a fingertip against the inside of Tony’s wrist.  Laughing, Tony twitched his hand away.  “Can I help you?”
“But that’s the armor’s job,” Steve said.  The pride thing, he wasn’t touching.  “To take a beating, so he doesn’t have to.”  A pack of SHIELD agents were sweeping the shore just below them, and Steve shifted his weight, wanting to be moving already.  “We okay here?”
“If you don't come back, I'm going to come find you and carry you back,” Steve called over his shoulder.
“He can’t help us right now,” Tony said, cutting him off.  “It’s not going to hurt anything, but Steve, it’s not going to help, and you-”
She pulled her hat off, cradling it in the palm of her hand.  “It’s too late,” she said, and her hair had been swept back, twisted in on itself, almost flat against her skull.  She set the hat down on the seat, and picked up the folder instead.  “I’m the one who put it together, so it’s a bit late to be worried about me reading it.”
“No.”  It was a single word, soft and light and breathed more than said, but the cup in his hand shattered, the china coming apart like a bomb, like a starburst, tea exploding outwards.
Tony heaved a very deliberate sigh. “I'm sensing there's something here that you're not saying, and I'm tired, I'm very tired, so how about we just get to the point?”
DJ stood in a rush, the unopened bottle toppling to the carpet.  It bounced, and Darcy grabbed it, setting it on the coffee table.  DJ didn’t seem to notice.  “Yes.”
“He's been here, talking to me,” Pepper said cheerfully.  “And I find him to be just delightful, so I think we'll make everything easy on you, and-”
“I keep my finger on the pulse of this great city,” Tony said, his voice arch.  They moved in perfect tandem, their feet coming perilously close to one another with every step.  “All the best places, frequented by all the best people.”
Obie, for his part, didn’t even look up from his plate.  “You’re late,” he said, his voice mild.  He trimmed the meat on his plate with care, wielding his knife and fork with surgical precision.  “Quite late.”
“I haven’t told him that you’re taking lessons from Doctor Strange, that’s dangerous enough for me,” Steve said.  He stood, collecting the empty plate.  “You’ll be home for dinner?”
Tony nodded, heading for the table.  As he was setting the wine bottle down, he noticed a box tucked next to one of the chairs, pushed up against the wall.  He gave it a nudge with his foot, and it didn't budge.  “What's this?” he asked.  “Did you bring your own cooking utensils?”  He gave it another push.  Maybe cast iron?  “I know I don't cook much, but I promise, I've got everything you need, and a wide variety of stupid gadgets that you're going to be disgusted by.”
"Nope." Steve tossed the bags into the dumpster, one after the other.  Clean-up had gone well, for once, and if Sam was with him, he'd look less pathetic if caught hanging around TOBRU's back door like a damn groupie.  “Just give me that bag.”
“As pleasant as that might be, I doubt the paperwork would survive,” Coulson said.  “May we adjourn somewhere a bit less...”  He paused, eyebrows arching.  “Damp?”
“I can ask your aunt if I can get you a dog,” Tony amended instantly, winning himself a pleased nod.  “Better?” he asked her.
