“I told you. I tinkered.”
”Do you really believe in that stuff?”
“The ladies can’t get enough of me. Or the men, actually.”
The blush Steve had felt crawling up his spine was quickly replaced by chills of a different kind of frustration.
“The ...? You ... You’ve actually... ?”
“Yes, please go!”
“Obviously.”
“Ok. It is what you think it is.”
”What you said, earlier. ’Every time someone tries to win a war before it’s begun, innocent people die.’ Do you really believe that? Are you even basing that on anything? Or do you just feel more comfortable with good old man-on-man warfare than with technological solutions you don’t understand and can’t be part of?”
“If you say so.”
“Just half?”
Tony had stepped into the room, crossing his arms over his chest, and Steve instinctively stepped forward to match, as if they were actually going to brawl.
“Hello Nat! Nice to see you!”
Tony left the room. Steve took a deep breath, and walked into the bathroom. It turned out there was no hot water left. That suited Steve fine. He turned his face up into the cold artificial rain and let it rinse away the smells of the past, the memories of naked bodies piling up, of a young enemy soldier's face beaten so badly that you couldn't really see where the bullet had gone in, of Bucky laid out in Hydra's base with god knew what being pumped into his blood, of the man in New York who had been prepared to bite down on cyanide to keep the secrets of Hydra, of a man with a soft German accent asking "so, you want to kill nazis?" He let it rinse away the memory of the folders he'd been handed by Fury when all this began, on Tony, and on Howard. The memory of what he'd seen in the vault underneath SHEILDs old base and what he had read in the files Nat had found on Bucky. He let it rinse away the lingering smell of Tony.
“Don’t listen to him, he’s ...! He’s crazy.”
“I try to make a daily habit of it. Have to make sure our favorite assassin has something interesting to read, after all.”
5 days later
lllll
Tony fell silent. The silence stretched out, and Steve's guts slowly turned to ice as he realized he’d overstepped. Tony had only made the argument personal by hinting that he thought Steve was a better person than his peers (and maybe a little naive). Steve had gone and dragged up something that had clearly been a traumatic experience in Tony’s life and hinted that he should be grateful for that trauma.
He backed off and sat down on the quilted, flowery bedspread, a symbol of a world far removed from their subject. But he could feel the smell in his nostrils now, rising up from the dark. The smell of death.
“Pardon? Did you just call Pepper ... what I think you just called her?”
“They weren’t all
don’t want to hear about my conquests? Because I’ve got this really great story about a girl in .... mmphf.”
“Though really, you should be.”
Tony shook his head, met Steve’s eyes again, and that old familiar intensity was back. ”But I have to believe I can fix this, Steve. Not save all the world's problems in one fell swoop, not sell the world a solution to a fake problem to assuage their anxieties over the real ones. Just
“No. No, they’re a shell. A cocoon.”
How could he explain what his nightmare had been to the people around him who would probably want nothing more than to be able to take the hand of a loved one and leave the battle behind? He could barely explain it to himself.
“I think I’ll be fine without the lesson, thanks.”
“Yes I can, Tony. Watch me, you’ll see how I leave. There’s a taxi outside, Steve, you can put them in the back.”
really pretty.”
“Ok – ow.”
“Thank you.”
Someone cleared their throat.
“Thanks for the information.”
”You think that’s something new? Something we started since you went into the ice? No, Steve-o. Innocent people always get hurt. War destroys homes, jobs, infrastructure. Soldiers rape, torture and kill civilians, whether it’s following orders or breaking them. It always happens. The closest thing you get to a clean war is trench warfare, and how did that work out for your father's generation?”
“Don’t ever call me sweetheart. And even if I believed you ...”
, but other than that ... I only care about what people I respect think about me. Journalists aren’t very high on that list.”
“Watch it, Stark.”
“Hey, don’t forget to breathe.”
“I’d rather you didn’t.”
He dressed, took his things and walked downstairs to meet the others and pick the never-ending fight back up.
“And also I’ve scrapped that system.”
“Hey, tin man, listen up! This is a mistake, ok? We’re not on duty. We were here to take a coffee and talk about non-saving-the-world-related stuff, alright? Heroes need down time too. So if you could just wait outside for a while... Oh. Ok. I’ll take that as a no, shall I? Definitely a no. A big no. Steve? A little bit of rescuing wouldn’t be amiss, here.”
“What did you
“Can we end this discussion now, please?”
“Yeah, I ... I can tell. Why are you... ?”
Steve grabbed Tony’s arm, pulled him into the kitchen area and spun around to block the door behind them.
“I do. Now, do you want one or not?”
“Stripping.”
not that.”
“No suit, remember? I told you, sweetheart, it’s over. Caput. Finito.”
“Tony!”
“Right.”
"See you in a moment."
“No, I mean, you really can’t tell her. I’ve not just been tinkering with the suit. You have to swear not to tell her, she’d go berserk.”
”I didn't mean …”
The robot was halfway through the door.
“Are you going to start crying? Or strangle me? Because sometimes it’s really hard to tell the difference.”
”Or the wrong ones.”
“Do you think I could have stopped her?”
. Just make sure that before I die the amount of people I've managed to save, to protect, is higher than the amount of people I’ve gotten killed. That’s all I want to do here, I need you to know that.”
The next day
Somehow, that had unnerved him completely, and he didn’t think it was just because he knew that the real Peggy was in a hospital bed, mind and body slowly withering away. It still should have been a nice thought, a wonderful dream, one that it was painful to wake up from. Instead he'd been relieved – although he was ashamed to say it – to wake up to the chaos of a battle gone wrong and a shaken Avengers crew.
“I didn’t show you the paper to show you the quote, Tony. I showed you the paper because I thought maybe you’d have something to say about the picture. The one where there’s
“Okay, so that’s what I said, but it was a joke. Come on, I joke with Steve all the time, you know that!”
“Of the Italian guy?”
“I’m sure.”
“Sure, why not.”
Go home with her.
“Shut up.”
make the right decisions.”
“Shut up.”
for the better. ”
can’t detect either ... but that wasn’t what you meant, I know. I’m shutting up now.”
“Then what does it matter that I carried her bags?”
“What, not you type? Come on, you thought she was hot. You started stuttering and everything.”
”Or you'll die trying, huh?”
“Tell you who you could easily take off the street though: that girl in the diner, the one you saved. You could have batted your eyelashes at her and she would have agreed to have your babies.”
lllll
“I do know that, Tony, but the papers don’t. Because apparently, your jokes with Steve are easier for the human eye to detect than your relationship with me.”
“What? He’ll tell you I’m telling the truth. Right, sweetheart?”
“Pardon?”
? Not a chance.”
“A thousand times over, sugarpie.”
”Or they can treat P.O.W.s like living dolls and laugh as they electrocute them.”
“Wow. You’re really handing it to that punching bag. You’re not pretending it’s me, I hope? I mean, I understand if you are, no hard feelings, totally justified. I’ll just, you know, stay out of your way for a while longer, and ...”
”What did you want, Stark?”
A window crashed behind them. Then the door. Then a wall.
“Right. You didn’t keep a single one.”
Steve took a deep breath. He'd felt sorry for Tony when he realized Tony had watched those soldiers die, which was clearly not something he'd ever been prepared for, but to use them as a defense for drone warfare … ”I don’t doubt your intentions, Tony. I know you want to protect people. But … but you’re right, war is ugly, and messy, and people don’t come back the same, if they come back at all. But you’re also wrong. People don’t just stop being people. Soldiers and officers on the ground
“I’m sorry, I’ll just ...”
“I meant of me and my sexual prowess, but if you’re jealous of the Italian guy ...”
“Well, it’s been nice knowing you, Stark. Occasionally, anyway.”
“That woman who just got up from that table, was that what’s-her-face, from The Daily Bugle?”
“Aw, what’s the ...”
“What? You said it.”
“Thanks. Think you can take care of that one?”
”Technological solutions? What do they solve, Tony? I saw the images from Japan, you know. After the bombs. People crawling out of the fire. Men, women and children burnt so badly you could hardly recognize them as living. People trying to save them, not knowing, of course, that the radiation would turn out just as lethal as the fire. The shadows on the walls that was all that was left of some people. That was seen as a technological solution. A quick end to the war. And sure, maybe burning innocent people in your enemy's country indiscriminately by dropping a couple of bombs on them is not quite as low on the moral scale as singling out a specific group to round up and burn in ovens like so much diseased cattle, but it certainly isn't any more just.”
“It’s not a modified version of the extremis that’s somehow connected to the suit which you told me you weren’t building?”
“That suit of yours would really have come in handy about now.”
“Nothing.”
“I don’t want to hear it.”
“Huh. Okay. That’s an interesting way of making me shut up. So I guess you
“You know, honey, that’s not what I said ...”
”War isn't just, Steve. I know that’s what they told your generation, but we've learned better. Innocent people get hurt in war, too.”
“I, ehr, well, Fury wanted to know if you want to make a press statement declining the recent rumours in the press. I ... I guess that’s a ‘no’?”
”Yeah.”
were planning to do. We're finishing
“Good.”
“Hey!”
“I thought you said you were still Iron Man.”
“The suit doesn’t work optimally with too many layers anymore.  Relax Captain Red-face, I’m keeping the skivvies. They’re silk, I like the feeling.”
”No,” Tony immediately interrupted, ”no, you're right. I am a better person for having been dragged by terrorists through enemy territory, had a car battery plugged to my chest, watched the man taking care of me die, and been forced to make this thing –” he tapped his finger against the arc reactor ”- and create the first prototype of the Iron Man suit to fight my way out of there. But none of that, Steve, none of
, I was ... Pepper!
Natasha had said: ”Bad stuff. Old stuff. None of your business stuff,” in response to what she had seen, and that had been that.
”Come on, Cap. You don’t exactly have anything to be embarrassed about.”
2 days later
he embarrassed? He'd changed in front of other men countless times during the war, where there had not been much time or space for privacy. It hadn't bothered him then, even though he'd still felt uncomfortable in his new, large body sometimes.
“She’ll come back. Trying to make her stay by using force would only have made it worse.”
“Your
“In my skivvies? No, wait, here comes my backup.”
“Yeah. Ok.  At this point I feel I should I tell you that there is a suit. But you have to swear on your parents’ graves not to tell Pepper, alright? This is kind of a sensitive issue with her.”
“We were talking about
Tony’s eyes fell to the floor.
“I’m not. I’m not ... I’m really not.”
“What do you mean? He’s going to jail.”
“Thanks, buddy. That knife in my back was just what I needed to make this day better.”
wiring ...”
“Yeah, thanks Doctor Phil.”
“I ... what are you doing?”
“See, Tony? There are men who say that they’ll do something, and follow it up by
“The Black Widow reads gossip columns? Really?”
“I’m trying to educate you, Cap. This girl, body like a playboy model, could glare better than any teacher-fantasy you’ve ever had. She swore she’d never sleep with me. Forty eight hours later ...  mmmphf!”
"Just a joke, just a joke, jeez. Thought I'd lighten the mood so we don't both come downstairs looking like death warmed over." Tony seemed to wince a bit at his own words at the end, but Steve didn't mind anything that would erase the image of Tony in the shower with him. He couldn't look at his friend and be thinking of ...
instead of
He couldn't see Tony's smirk as he pulled the sweater over his head, but he saw it in his head with a disturbing level of detail: the way Tony's eyes crinkled in mirth, the way his mouth quirked up to one side, the intense brown of his eyes … No, Steve didn't need to see it. He heard it clearly enough in Tony's voice as he said:
“Yeah, pretty much. Have you seen the wiring inside these tin cans? That’s a piece of work. I’d guess Taiwanese, but they’ve gotten better than this.”
“What do you ... Tony, what’s wrong? What’s happening to you?”
“Good.”
“Yeah. You did. Hey, are those people filming us?”
“I don’t see any vibranium lying around, do you?”
“I ... I like the sound of that, actually.”
”That’s not what
”Do you mind?” he said as he quickly reached for the sweater on the chair.
are, Steve,” Tony interrupted. ”But, unfortunately for humanity, there are not a lot of people like you. Most of us, if you take us out of our comfort zone and put us in the chaos of war, that’s gonna change us, and not for the better.”
"I … I still don’t really understand whether the rest of them actually didn’t understand what was going on, if they were in such a state of denial that they really believed they might walk away alive if they just followed orders … or if they’d just … just resigned themselves to death. It was like they were hypnotized. When we got there, there were only seven people still alive. I don’t know how many there were in the hole. Forty, fifty, sixty. More than you'd think would fit in that truck. One woman tried to jump down into the hole. Morita tried to stop her, but she was screaming in polish, and Dum-Dum told him to let her go. She crawled over those dead bodies and … She picked up the body of a little girl. Ten, twelve years old maybe. Couldn’t have been more than fifteen. And the woman cradled her in her lap and stroked her hair –” another deep breath ”- and the girl's skull was half crushed with the exit wound, and there was … there was brain matter getting caught in the woman's fingers and she didn’t even seem to notice. She was smiling and singing, as if the girl was alive. She didn’t respond to us. She didn’t respond to the other survivors, either. Most of them were silent, but this older lady talked, in Polish to her and in French to us. We managed to give the old lady instructions on where to bring the others, and get another allied unit to pick them up, but she couldn’t get through to the woman in the pit. She talked to Jones, in French, and Jones turned around and said: ’she says that the child was the woman's niece. She was the last family she had. She says it would be better for her if we shot her.’ So I took out … I was going to do it. But Bucky did it. Of course he did. He was our best shot. Always trying to save me from myself.”
Steve sighed.
“Oh. Okay. I can do that.”
“Should you be drinking that?”
“I think you’ve just outdone yourself, Stark.”
“Don’t listen to him, miss. What was it?”
Tony, of course, had retaliated by asking what Steve had seen. Steve had felt unable to tell him. Everyone else seemed to have witnessed horrors: bad memories, nightmares, apocalyptic scenarios. Steve had seen Peggy. He’d gotten his dance. That was about as far from horror as you could come. Wasn't it? Yes, he thought he'd seen the drunken people around them fight and bleed and fall over, but it had been a party. A peace celebration. Peggy had told him the war was over and he could go home.
“I’ll get another one.”
She raised her eyebrows and turned on an audio clip on her pad.
The last wall broke down and a robot flew head on into Tony’s midsection and knocked him to the floor.
"You asking for company?" Tony said with a smirk that made Steve want to crawl out of his own skin.
“No, don’t take her bags! Pepp, you can’t leave.”
Steve swirled around to see Tony standing in the door, hands in his pockets, shoulder leaning against the doorframe, legs crossed. Elegant and nonchalant as always, wearing that flannel shirt as if it was a thousand dollar suit. Tony's eyes flickered over Steve's form and Steve became suddenly and embarrassingly aware of his half-nakedness.
“I think you should cut that punching bag some slack. Really, Cap. It’s gonna fall down.”
“Right.”
“Is it really so much fun to get under my skin?”
“He could do the most amazing things with his tongue. In the most outrageous places .”
something – and he also noted that Tony had dodged any personal reply by talking about
“Right. So, it doesn’t bother you that because of my humor, the whole world now seems to think that we, you know ...”
”We saw, okay?” Steve looked up at Tony as he decided to tell him, and Tony’s annoyed expression shifted into something unreadable as he took in the expression on Steve’s face.
“I modified the extremis project.”
, means I wouldn't go back and give my life for those kids in that humvee. For the kid that was still alive when they took me, who they shot in the head. For the driver who died on impact. What the hell were they doing there? Why weren't they in America, with their families? Who decided they should fight? What the hell made me the ’innocent person’ in that scenario? Just being a civilian? I was the arrogant old asshole, they were just kids! You think preemptive measure is so morally dubious, but what's the difference between a group of people sitting pretty on this side of the sea deciding to deploy drones, or the same group of people deciding to deploy a bunch of kids who think some army camp will have made them ready for that shit?”
Steve came into the room, taking in the situation quickly and approaching the two men. He pulled out a zip tie and waved it at them. “You get everything you need from her?”
Steve shrugged. “M’okay. I’ll be better once the serum starts working again.” Bucky nodded at that.
Bucky nodded. He twisted on his seat until he was facing the table so he could lean the elbow of his good arm on it and slump down a little. Tony patted him once briskly on his back and returned to the metal arm.
Bucky smiled. “She’s a little too young to have any idea what to put on a list but Santa knows what to bring babies.”
Indy nodded. “Have.” Indy rolled over and crawled on to Tony’s chest and laid down to hug him. Tony squeezed him back and shuffled over to the middle to be next to Steve who brought his arm around Tony’s waist once he was within reach.
“Hi baby,” he said happily to distract her. He kissed her loudly on her belly which was closest to him and she made an ‘ah’ sound and waved her arms so he did it again louder. She giggled and opened her mouth wide as she made unintelligible sounds but Tony laughed along with her.
Steve and Tony sat with their son at their table watching as their friends gathered at theirs, everyone chatting and laughing and generally having a good time.
“We’re all safe together in this room, Peanut. You can hold your llama and me and Bucky are gonna make sure you and Papa and the llama are safe while we nap,” Tony told him.
“Buck,” Steve gasped into the phone.
“Tater Tot, listen up. I have to go get Papa and bring him home, okay? So you’re going to stay here with Bucky.” Tony realized after he’s said it that he didn’t clear that with the man himself but a glance over shows he’s not protesting.
“Grant,” Tony replied immediately. Steve narrowed his eyes at him even as he smiled.
“Perfect, Tony,” Steve smiled and Tony beamed at the praise. Steve took the peppers and put them in the salad bowl he had prepared before. “Drink your tea,” he ordered kindly as he sat next to him. Tony took a small sip but winced at the temperature. Steve chuckled. “Maybe when it cools a bit.” He took his own mug and blew on it carefully. “I made us lasagna,” Steve added. “It’ll be done soon.”
The coordinates were delivered via JARVIS the next day at noon. Steve suited up and met Natasha in the living area so they could go pick up Coulson, Clint and Graves together. Peter walked out of the bedroom with his Spider-man suit on.
They followed the directions they were given, found the door they were supposed to enter, which led them to a room with an open door and a complicated lock box. Clint pushed Graves into the room and the door automatically swung shut and the lock box clicked an alarming amount of times. They definitely weren’t getting him back out of there.
“I’m sorry,” Tony whimpered.
“Yeah,” Indy replied. “Papa and Da marry now.”
“Cake,” Indy repeated. The two men laughed.
“Just a few minutes away. Has anyone talked to you about Tony?”
“What’s wrong,” he mumbled. Tony fidgeted where he stood, not answering. Outside, a a loud crack of thunder and a bolt of lightening lit up the room. Tony yelped and scrambled up the bed. “Oh Bubba, okay, come here.” He helped Tony up and lifted the covers over him so they could snuggle together. “It’s just a storm.”
“God, Tony. Are you okay? Does it hurt? What’s wrong?” Steve asked somewhat frantically. Tony was shaking his head. Steve crouched down in front of him, hands hovering, not sure if he should touch.
“I woke up and I felt,” Steve stuttered to a stop and didn’t continue. So Tony prodded.
“The Winter Soldier in Stark tower. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“That’s right. It was just a bad day. The handshake was nice but maybe I could get a hug, huh?” Clint held his hands out. Tony smiled and fell in to them so Steve let Clint take over. Clint gave him a big hug, rocking them back and forth and making Tony laugh. Steve took advantage and went about making Tony a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, cutting off the crust and dividing it into 4 triangles. He put it on Tony’s favorite plate that looked like the Captain America shield and filled his sippy cup with apple juice. He brought the items over to the counter next to Clint.
“Did you make a good birthday wish when you blew out the candle?” Steve asked.
“Steve,” he whimpered.
He returned a couple minutes later. “I found these and rinsed one.” He handed Tony an aqua colored pacifier that had a light green dinosaur on it and placed the other one still in the package on the coffee table. Tony placed the nipple on her lips and waited for her to open to it. She did so almost immediately and he slid it in to her mouth easily. She began suckling right away but suddenly blinked her eyes open at the new sensation. Steve leaned into Tony so he could rub her back hoping to lull her back to sleep. “Shh, it’s okay,” he kept repeating. She blinked at Steve and then over at Tony, seemingly confused by having something in her mouth. They both laughed.
“I know, baby. I love you, too.” Steve pet his hair and Tony buried his face in Steve’s lap, pulling the blanket up more around his shoulders so all Steve could see was his brown hair sticking out. After a few minutes he felt Tony fully relax and start snoring softly. Steve smiled and turned his attention to the TV to let Tony finish his nap.
“‘Bout the same. Tired,” he said. He looked down at Indy still snuggled against him and tightened his hold. “Can I see her?” He asked, looking back at Bucky and his daughter.  Bucky walked to the other side of Tony’s bed and turned her around in his arms so she could see Tony. “Hi, Poppy seed.”
“Do you think she has a cold?” Bucky asked.
“You take care of the munchkin, I’ll make us some lunch,” Tony said as he stood.
“Goodnight baby,” he whispered, much like Tony did, and then placed a wet kiss on her cheek. Bucky leaned over her and gave Indy a hug.
“He’s alive,” Bucky answered cryptically. “They drugged him and it’s really messing with him but we’re on our way back, should be a couple hours.”
“Ready to try and get some more sleep?”
He left the room briefly to grab some supplies then returned, sitting on the edge of the sofa next to Tony’s knees. Bucky removed the bandage from his side and saw that, while the stitches were still intact, there was some blood around the edges.
“Squish,” Tony replied with a giggle.
“M’sorry,” Tony mumbled.
By the time they reached the elevator Clint had joined up with them.
“Here,” Indy said pointing with one finger to his other wrist and then his ankle.
“Hey, sweetheart, come here for a second.” Indy leaned back and Steve lifted him onto his own lap.
“Read?” He asked. Steve laughed.
“You need to go since I can’t.” Bucky nodded immediately. “You need to bring him back to us,” Tony stressed.
“Ah-ma?” He asked looking with wide eyes to Bucky then Steve. Bucky chuckled.
“You want Poppy to open hers?” Tony asked to which Indy nodded. Tony all but ran to the tree, grabbing a small package and thrusting it in Bucky’s direction. “It’s not from Santa, it’s from me,” he exclaimed with all the excitement of child.
Tony walked in to Indy’s bedroom, where Steve had already started getting him ready for the day, to see his son dressed as a reindeer. It shouldn’t have come as too much of a surprise since Steve had announced to Tony on December 1st that his one and only mission for the month would be to educate Indy in all things Christmas and Santa. This declaration came after Clint off-handedly mentioned Christmas morning present opening one night during dinner and the boy had no clue what he was talking about.
“Too squished or just enough?” Bucky asked with a poke to the boys side.
“Weak,” Indy confirmed, though not understanding. Steve shook his head fondly.
“Oh. Jesus, Steve. You must have been uncomfortable this whole time you should have said something.” Tony grabbed a new wipe and started to clean off his thighs. Steve hissed when Tony continued on to his privates. Tony could see the redness there, looking a bit raw in spots and made a mental note to get him a cream for it. “I know it’s sore, I’m sorry. I think that’ll have to do for now, why don’t you lay on your stomach for a minute and I’ll check the back.”
“I’m okay, kid. Promise. And I brought your Papa with me, he’s sleeping back there but we can see him soon okay?” Bucky continued to talk to Indy and Clint walked over to Tony.
Tony held his hand up as he spoke, "I just can't listen to whatever you have to say right now. I can't. This -you being here," he gestured around him randomly. "It's too much right now...I can't listen to you pretend to feel bad about what you did so what do you want from me?"
“Baby is Liam,” Indy nodded. Decision made.
“It’s amazing,” Tony assured him. “I wouldn’t trade this for the world.” Tony closed the space between them to kiss Steve softly.
He gasped dramatically. “Indy! Were you the reindeer the whole time? Unbelievable. You had me fooled.” Tony picked him and sat him on his hip.  “You want some waffles?” Indy nodded quickly. “Well, we better go then before Bucky eats them all on you.” Indy eyes went wide believing that might happen.
“Oh God, Peter.” Steve rushed over to him, pulling him further into the room but spinning him around so he wouldn’t see the TV before it was explained to him. “I didn’t get a chance to call you yet, I’m sorry. Somethings happened.”
“It’s gonna be okay. Bucky was right, that kid’s got you now so he’s lucky.” Tony turned his head to the side and kisses Steve’s temple.
Steve chuckled. “Why, you wanna go wake him up to say goodnight?”
“How’s that taste?” Steve asked and laughed at Indy’s surprised face. He didn’t answer but he scooped up more and stuck his fingers back in his mouth.
“I just went downstairs to ask Pepper something. That’s all. And now I’m back to cuddle with you if you want that?” Tony nodded and moved closer to Steve and Steve pulled him close once he could wrap his arm around him.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “I don’t know why,” he replied, but aimed at Poppy as he looked down at her, “You had your bottle, huh?” He rubbed her tummy gently and her bouncing stopped as she leaned back into Bucky’s chest. “Oh, is that all it takes?” He chuckled. He leaned back into the sofa, reclined slightly, and adjusted her so she was laying out a little more and he could rub her tummy easier. Tony took his hand back when she let go and she grabbed on to Bucky’s T-shirt near her hip instead.
“Da,” he mumbled.
**********
A few minutes in the baby let out a small whine and grumble, balling her small fists against Bucky’s chest. Bucky shushed her and patted her back gently.
“That’s right,” Tony agreed. “She might want to try out that bed now, I think it’s getting past her bedtime,” he said giving Bucky an excuse to take her from Indy.
“JARVIS can you fill the tub for us?” Steve called out.
“Captain,” JARVIS called out just as Fury and Coulson had arrived at the tower. “There’s a secondary stream coming through, I’m going to show you that as well, beside the other one.” Steve ran back over to the TV and saw the screen spilt down the middle, one side the current live stream and the new one which was a different angle and closer. It was the woman, and Tony was behind her holding Luca.
“I’ll get him, Munchkin. Two seconds,” Tony said before darting out of the room. Steve turned onto his side, facing Indy. He reached out and push some of his wispy blonde hair off his forehead.
“I know he’s in diapers at the moment, but look at all these packs of underwear,” Tony held up 3 for Steve to see. One pack with a Spider-Man theme, one with robots and one with trucks. Tony’s hands hovered over the cart looking for Steve’s permission to buy them.
“Ugh, stop,” Tony told him, but jokingly, pulling his hand away and continuing to scrub.
“Jesus, Tony,” Steve sighed.
“Keep an eye on him please JARVIS,” Tony said, not knowing where he was going.
“You’re leaving?” Tony asked sadly.
Tony shut the phone, not bothering with a response. He slumped heavily onto the nearest stool, elbows on the table, leaning his head into his hands.
Halfway through the battle Steve was pretty sure his heart stopped when his comms crackled with static and then suddenly Tony’s voice rang through loud and clear announcing his location and that he was going to help them finish the fight.
“I don’t know,” Steve exhaled a harsh breath.
“Okay,” Bucky said suddenly as he stood, “ I’m going to let you guys have your mushy Christmas feels while I go get my daughter before she sleeps the day away.” Steve and Tony chuckled but Indy gasped.
“We need to run tests,” Fury was saying. “Figure out what was done to him.” Steve was already shaking his head.
“Indy,” Steve tried to say as sternly as he could while still whispering. “Dad’s sleeping, we don’t want to wake him up.” Indy didn’t reply but he stomped over to the chair in front of the window and plopped himself into it, cuddling his bear to his chest. Bucky looked back at Steve and rolled his eyes.
“No, it’s okay. I don’t mind, we’ve gotta work to get him past this, it’s just gonna take some time. Why don’t you start with some of the decorations while we’re in the other room?”
Once he felt like he could he pulled away and turned Indy next to him then held out the phone. “Smile, buddy.” Indy did and Bucky took the picture, turning it around to see and show the boy.  “Good one.”
“Good job, one more time I think,” Tony told him and leaned forward this time as well and gave a quick puff of breath right when Indy did so the flame went out. Everyone clapped. Pepper, god bless her, was taking pictures so they’d have these moments to look back on.
“I think I freaked Bucky out,” Tony murmured. Steve looked over to where Bucky had disappeared into the cockpit.
"You would have to go through mandatory therapy sessions with a Shield therapist until they deem that you are no longer a threat. While you're doing that you can live here or Brooklyn, wherever you want. Once you're cleared you would be offered a place on the Avengers. If you wanted it. Your choice. There's options. You'd both have options now." He spread his hands as if to say that's all he could offer but Bucky could hardly believe how great it sounded. "Take as much time as you want to think it through and decide. The offer doesn't expire."
Once Bucky was in sight Indy yelled out “Waffles?”
“Something he said made me think,” Bucky paused. “I don’t know, I could be reading more in to this than there is but when we were leaving the park he was saying he wanted the baby and the baby was his friend, he wanted the baby safe,” Bucky trailed off and shrugged. “Like maybe he’s speaking from experience.”
“You have your phone with you? Take a picture?” Steve said. Tony shook his head but did it anyway. “Let’s just go to bed, I don’t wanna wake either of them.”
“‘Kay,” Tony replied softly. He put his head back down onto Steve’s shoulder, facing his neck, and his hands were at Steve’s sides just slightly behind his back holding tightly to his T-shirt in two fists. Steve had one hand on the back of Tony’s neck rubbing his thumb against the short hairs there and the other hand held Tony securely to him. In a ridiculously short amount of time Tony fell asleep and Steve followed soon after with his face buried in Tony’s hair.
He rolled his eyes. “God no. Not yet anyway.” He sighed, glancing down at Poppy who was looking around now that they were at the tables where they’d be eating lunch. “I’m still learning how to be a dad to this one. And a person in general, really. This is more than I ever thought I’d get so I’m pretty damn happy with how it turned out.” Natasha smiled softly at him, hugging his arm and pulling him close to her for a second before continuing to their table.
“I’m sorry,” Tony gasped, but Steve was already shaking his head.
“You’re my family too, Buck. You are worth it. It’s just going to take some time.”
Steve nodded and retreated upstairs.
“Hospital. Tony. He’s hurt,” Steve cried into the phone.
“You okay?” Steve asked concerned, but Tony was already nodding.
“Yeah. Thank’s Bucky. For everything.” Steve stepped forward and hugged him and when they broke apart Bucky started to walk towards Indy’s room. “Don’t forget to hug Tony.” Bucky paused and turned slowly to see Steve’s ear to ear grin.
“I don’t,” Steve stuttered. “I can’t, Bucky.”
On the third day they sent a message that Steve could respond to, where he advised them that the following day there would be an opening to get their man away from Shield and they replied  that they would make contact on the 5th day.
“Buppy, puzzle now.” Indy squirmed so Steve would let him down but Steve held tight.
“Steve, hey,” she returned happily. She came out from behind her desk and gave him a quick hug. “Is everything okay? I didn’t expect to see either of you so soon.”
“We come bearing gifts,” Clint announced.
“Why’re you lying here awake?” Steve mumbled, closing his eyes again.
"Why do you care?"
“Love you, Tony,” Steve murmured quietly.
“Oh, I know, sweetheart,” Bucky whispered. “I’m so mean putting you in your little bed, huh?” He rubbed his hand in slow circles on her stomach to calm her. “You’re gonna be okay, baby girl. Bruce is gonna give me some drops I can put in your ear and it’ll make you all better, but I know you’re feeling yucky now.” She was looking at him, blinking slowly, her movements slowing as she settled. “That’s it, go back to sleep and I’ll be right here if you need anything.” Her eyes closed with his whispers and her breathing evened out. “Good girl,” he sighed. He stood and kissed her cheek then climbed under his own covers and laid on his side facing her bed. He was still worried, he couldn’t help that, but rationally he knew she would be okay with some time and medicine. He watched her for awhile to make sure she was sound asleep and then drifted off himself.
Saturday morning Steve woke up, assuming he was the first awake as usual, and rolled over only to see Tony already wide awake next to him. “Morning,” he said to his boyfriend, voice rough from disuse overnight.
“Thank Buppy,” Indy said and smooshed his face against Bucky’s cheek attempting a kiss. Bucky grimaced but laughed.
“Today?” Bucky asked, surprised.
“‘Teev,” Tony echoed. Bucky smiled.
“Jesus, Tony. I thought you were asleep.” He rolled onto his side, facing Tony’s back and waited for him to turn. When Tony finally did turn Steve could see his eyes were red and teary. “Why aren’t you sleeping, sweetheart?”
“I did bad things, but I’m not bad,” Tony added and Steve could have fallen over in happiness. He wasn’t sure that lesson would have ever stuck. He kissed Tony’s cheek.  Clint nodded along.
“Tell him we hugged, that’ll perk him up, I bet.” Tony let out a small laugh despite the situation.
Steve hugged him. “I know. Just keep us updated with what happens on screen. We’ll be home before you know it.” Peter nodded against his chest. “Thank you,” Steve whispered, grateful that Peter wasn’t going to fight more.
“Gentle,” Tony said automatically, pulling Indy’s hand away. “Let’s sit you down next to Papa first.” Steve reached out immediately pulling Indy from Tony and kissing him then sitting him on the cushion next to him.
“He was brainwashed, Tony,” Steve added, though he was just as shocked.
Tony bit back a sob but had to bury his face in his hands, elbows braced on his knees. Tony said something into his hands that was too muffled for Steve to make out.
Bucky sighed. “Thank you so much, you saved the day today. I was actually wondering if you wanted to bring her here? Tony wants to see her and then you can see him too.”
“Okay, time for everyone to get some rest,” Tony announced. “Especially you,” he said pointedly to Steve. Steve hummed in agreement, eyes already closing, cheek against Tony’s shoulder.
“Thank you,” Tony mumbled against his shoulder. “Thank you for saving him, thank you, thank you,” he kept repeating.
“You don’t mind it, right?” Tony asked. “It’s just a joke, obviously..” he trailed off.
Steve knocked gently when he reached Tony’s office on one of the Stark Industries floors.
"Boss. Barnes would like to know if you want dinner?" FRIDAY asked.
When they entered they saw that Bucky had sat Indy on the edge of the table facing him, his small feet in Bucky’s lap. Bucky was handing him a small brown teddy bear which the little boy took happily.
Steve laughed. “Well, when you’re done you can come out and watch a movie with us if you want?”
“You’re turn,” Rhodey said, clapping him with a hand on his back. “He wants to see you.” Steve nodded.
“Is he okay?”
“Not many specifics. You can be damn sure I’ll be having a talk with Fury though,” Tony said angrily. Steve ignored that.
“No,” he said a second later, shaking his head. “No, Da. No, please.” Tony eyes went wide, he felt bad for mentioning the bath.
Bruce gently took Luca off of Tony to get started on his care. Steve sat close to keep an eye on his son with Tony curled on his lap. He saw Bruce insert an IV into Luca to combat the dehydration and Luca squawked at the pinch. He was crying quietly, more of a soft, sad sound than his usual indignant cries when he wanted them to change or feed him immediately, and Steve ached to hold him.
Steve nodded. “Good. Thank you. Seriously. And call me Steve, bud.”
"I did," she replied but did not elaborate.
“Hey, Pep.” He held his arms out for his son.
“Baby!” He exclaimed.
“Jesus. Are you with him? Put me on video chat.” Bucky seemed hesitant but pressed the button to change to video. The screen still facing him though.
Steve moved slowly along the length of shelf as Indy looked until the little boy tentatively pointed at one stuffed animal in particular.
“Come on,” Steve urged, grabbing Tony’s hand and tugging.
“Got it.” Bucky went back to Indy. “I’m gonna go bring your Papa home so Daddy can stay with you. I’ll see you soon, okay?” Indy reached out, still sniffling, and hugged Bucky.
“Almost 3.”
“I don’t know,” he sighed. “This is crazy, Tony. I don’t even know what to think.” He leaned forward and Tony brought his arms up to pull Steve in right away. Steve rested his head on Tony’s shoulder.
Clint came back walking slowly. “Can we come back now?” Tony nodded.
“That baby is safe because he lives here now, right?” Tony asked. “Was there a real baby before?” Indy shrugged.
“Buppy,” he said, but nodded.
“Sorry I scared you,” Steve whispered.
“Uh, yeah. Yesterday was a rough day. I figured we’d try to start this one off better,” he replied sheepishly. Tony blushed, looking down at his feet.
“I come,” Indy stated. “Poppy go with Happy.”
"Wow," Tony shook his head.
“We can try, sweetheart. We’ll have to find them. Do you know how old the baby was? Like was it very little like your doll?” Steve pointed to the doll now in Bucky’s hands.
“Night, Daddy,” Tony replied, relaxing against Steve’s chest.
“Bubba, lunchtime.” Steve plucked Tony off of Clint’s lap and put him in his own chair He didn’t protest and the rest of the meal and the day for that matter passed without incident for which Steve was immensely grateful.
“The Captain is in the communal kitchen making coffee at the moment,” JARVIS replied. Bucky nodded.
“Want me to do it?” Steve asked and Bucky nodded. He placed the earpiece in her ear and pressed the button. She whined and pulled her head away but Steve brought his other hand up to cup the side of her head and gently held her still. “Almost done, sweetie, hold on,” he told her softly. When it beeped he took it out and read it aloud. “101.8,” Steve announced. “A little elevated but did you just give her a bath?”
Bucky helps the kids get ready for the wedding
“Hey, what’s wrong?” He asked softly, sitting on the cushion next to him. Indy turned and put his arms out. “Okay, come here.” Tony lifted him and sat him on his lap sideways. “You okay?” The sniffles had subsided so Tony wiped the tears off is cheek with the end of his sleeve. Indy nodded. “You just wanted some cuddles, huh? You know if you need anything at all you just have to ask me or Steve or Bucky. I didn’t know you were upset.” He rubbed the boys back.
“Every kid throws stuff, Steve. She’s too young to understand the differences between right and wrong.”
“Oh. I apologize. I lost my head for a second there.” Marcellina lamented, smile wiping away to a stern and emotionless expression. She stepped forward, Ellie still wriggling in her grasp from excitement, while awkwardly snuggling her. “Marcellina Gordon. I’m Elenora’s older sister.” Then it clicked for Tony. He smiled politely. Of course, he’d done his research. He knew all about Marcellina and her spotless past. Not even a dress code violation in all her years of schooling or detention. If you looked up straight arrow, Marcellina Gordon’s picture would be printed right among the words. Steve eyed the expression on Tony’s face and knew that he must’ve done his background research into her, otherwise he’d be putting on his cautious, all business smirk.
“Someone sounds jealous.” he teased, nudging Tony’s side as he handed Ellie over to him.
To apologize for this short ass chapter, I have decided to go ahead and post a one-shot. It will be a two-part one-shot taking place after the snap in the timeline where civil war happens and Ellie stays with Tony.  There will also be a tidbit on tumblr for this chapter! See you over
“Alright Nat, hand over the kid. I have to hear this for myself.” Tony demanded, holding his hands out. Natasha rolled her eyes and gently handed Ellie over. The guys crowded around him, all blinking at her expectantly.
“I’m...thinking about it.” Tony said. Steve stiffened visibly. “That does mean we’d have to consider a lot of things. Having a baby in the tower means a lot more than a toddler or an older kid. It means baby proofing, cribs, diapers...all of that. It’s a daunting task.”
Natasha sarcastically raised her eyebrows and she smirked when Ellie politely reached out to her. “Ellie would like you to share.” She demurred, gently taking the toddler from his arms before he could protest, leaving Tony to pout. Steve busied himself, taking a sandwich from the table, removing the crust, and taking out an apple from the fruit bowl on the counter. He sliced both into tiny pieces and carried the plastic plate over to the table as Natasha smoothed Ellie’s brown hair and affectionately smiled at her. Ellie stared curiously at Steve watching him bustle around the kitchen. “Do you see Steve? He’s fixing you a snack!” Natasha pointed out in a high pitched voice as she bounced her on her knee. “That’s Clint, and this is Bruce.” The toddler’s gray eyes scanned them as Natasha pointed red, well-manicured nails at the two men. Bruce gently reached out to take one of her chubby hands and she babbled at him and giggled.
“Kid, you have to eat before we get you into bed. I know you’re tired.” He set her into the brand new high chair that was positioned at the end of the table and patted her on the head. Ellie continued her whining, kicking her feet in irritation and actually starting to shed tears.
“Woah, hold on Tony.” Steve said, his tone suddenly serious. Tony spun on his heels and turned to face them again, leaning against the door frame. Steve lifted her under the arms and held her above his head. He sniffed her little tush and recoiled. Tony cringed as well and quickly put his finger to his nose.
“Tony...are you sure you want to be a dad?” She asked. Tony looked up, locking eyes with her as sincerity shone in his hazel eyes.
“Hey...we’re here Mr. Stark.” Steve whispered out the common nickname he used to tease Tony when he was in a playful mood. The man in question’s head snapped up to look at him before looking down to Ellie and thinking for a moment.
“Petey!” she whimpered. He followed her eyes and sure enough, she was looking directly at Peter. Steve shifted her in his lap, looking between her and the skinny teenager with wide eyes.
“Can you hand me a light?”
Steve went to pick Ellie up around 8, returning with the over-exuberant toddler who was contently clutching the brown rabbit and burst into the community floor, screeching in excitement. She wasn’t quite sure what she was excited for, but she was excited. Ellie passed by Peter in a blur, heading straight for the other end of the room, only to turn around and speed back to Steve's side.
You can find my tumblr,
“What was that all about?” Tony asked. Steve shrugged, wrapping his arm around his partner and leading him back into the nursery as quietly as he could.
“Well, she said dad, not Papa, before.” Steve looked down at Tony in surprise.
“I swear, she just said it a second ago.” Peter murmured, peeking over Tony’s shoulder.
“Awww, are you all tuckered out?” Steve cooed, reaching forward to gently rub her tummy.  Ellie replied with a yawn, shifting comfortably into his hand and stretching. “Oh, someone’s sleepy.”
“Oh no, where could Ellie be?” He asked aloud. The bundle giggled and went slack underneath the blankets as she laid flat. “Could she be...under the bed?” He questioned, slipping off of the bed and pretending to look around the room. “Hmmm..she isn’t under there. I wonder if she’s in the….closet?” More giggling came from under the blankets as he walked over to the closet door and opened it. “Nope, she’s not there. I wonder…” slowly he snuck back over to the bed and yanked the covers forward, startling Tony and revealing Ellie, who was laughing so hard, her eyes were squeezed tight and she was beaming, chubby cheeks a bright scarlet. “There she is!” he exclaimed, easily scooping her up and tossing her up in the air. “Were you hiding under the blankets? You mischevious little thing you.” Despite being still startled, Tony breathed out a heavy sigh, unable to hold back the grin overtaking his handsome features. He ran a hand down his face as he sighed, lips tugged into a grin.
“Yeah, you have to say hi to Peter, look.” Steve pointed at the couch where the teen was lounging. He quickly sat up, slid off the couch, and leaned his back into it to get down to her size. She quickly waddled up to him, grinning widely. “Say, hi Peter!” Her gray eyes locked with his and she beamed,  awkwardly falling into his arms and wrapping her arms around his neck.
“Same to you
“Language. We’re in the company of” he paused to turn his face back to Ellie and smiled again, “The cutest little angel I’ve ever met in my whole entire life!” Steve tossed her up again for good measure, catching her securely in his hands. Ellie’s laughter slowly died down as Steve rubbed her back, blue eyes shining affectionately. Tony yawned loudly, ruining the moment and Steve couldn’t help but roll his eyes.
Tony gets a wake-up call about babies. Ellie meets some more of her potential Superfamily.
“Of course!”
“Steve, its a baby. All babies do is fall, and get hurt. You saw the bandaid on her leg a week ago, she’s naturally clumsy. They all are.” Tony pointed out as he leaned out of the hug. Steve chuckled.
“Look at you, coming in to save the day.” Steve mumbled with a pleased grin settling over his lips. Tony’s chest puffed, a cocky smile coming on his face. He shrugged, smirking at his partner.
Thank you all for the continued support! It's crazy to me that we now have 3 2 0 0 hits! I can't even imagine that many people liking this fic, it's CRAZY! As usual, if you're interested, you can find me on tumblr,
Steve and Tony meet an unexpected girl who captures their hearts.
“It’s been nothing but smooth sailing. She hasn’t cried even once. She even took a nap without a fuss, we didn’t even do anything but sit her in the car. She’s an angel.” He bragged. Bruce looked at him skeptically taking a bite of his grilled cheese sandwich, still holding her little hand in his.
“Does that mean that you’re considering it too?” He questioned, shifting in the seat next to him.
“Fine, I’ll do it. And I’m going to be a great big brother.”
“Steve really wants to. He’s been totally spaced out, just thinking about it. He even bought the nonexistent kid a toy already.” Tony answered, enjoying the cool spring breeze against his neck from the open window. He took a long sip as he smiled fondly to himself, thinking of Steve sitting on the bed with that rabbit in his hands and the dreamy gleam in his soft blue eyes.
“No, squeeze around her middle like this!” Bruce interjected, suddenly at the couples sides and wiggling his arms between them in an attempt to help. Natasha and Clint shared a look.
“Just like I thought. It’s a leak from one of the heating coils.” He sighed and set the flashlight on the workbench. “Do you think you could replace it without my help?” Tony shot him a playful smirk, making the young boy stiffen, face going serious quickly.
Steve shook his head and leaned down so he was face to face with the toddler. “Okay, I got this. Ellie, deces Papa.” Ellie’s bright gray eyes settled on him for a moment and she broke out into a grin.
Ms. Honey gently placed a hand on her shoulder.
“Thank you, Alexa. You’re doing a great job. Why don’t you go play for a while, tell James to take your place, please.” the older woman patted her head gently as Alexa skipped off excitedly. “Sorry about that. My aid Lindsey had a family emergency and couldn’t man the desk today. Samantha Honey, or as the kids call me, Ms. Honey.” she explained with a sweet smile, offering her hand to shake.
“Ellie is staying the night, and since you want to prove you’d be a good older brother, here’s your chance to play pretend. Of course, Steve and I will be right there when you freak out if she cries.” Tony jested childishly. Peter huffed again, crossing his lanky teenage arms across his chest.
“I would not. I actually like babies.”
“I can think about it.” He whispered, enjoyed the soft touch of his husband. Steve quickly pulled him into a hug, causing Tony to squeak, as he mumbled thank you’s into his hair.
_____________________
“Dada!” Ellie copied, gray eyes sparkling as she looked over at Peter.
“Ellie does talk. Just mostly in Spanish.”
“Steve?” Tony asked, opening the cracked door and slipping into the nursery. His boyfriend looked up from his spot on the floor, leaning against the baseboard with a small paint brush poised between his fingers, painting details on a pale blue unicorn. His blond hair was messy, and he had blotches of paint along his t-shirt. Slowly, he sat up and ran a hand through his hair.
“I’m going to go ahead and change into something comfortable. I should be ready in just a couple minutes and then we should head out. It’s a 30-minute ride and I don’t want us to be late.” The shorter man disappeared into the hallway and returned soon after, wearing jeans, black tennis shoes, and a simple blue t-shirt. “Alright, let’s head out.” Steve nearly shot to his feet to meet Tony, slipping his shoes on at the door and looking over himself one more time. Tony was close behind, sliding a pair of ombre, orange-tinted shades onto his face.
“You know I love you right?” Tony said, his deep hazel eyes staring directly into Steve’s, making the blonde blush heavily. “I love you Steve Rogers.” Tony voiced.
Peter was laying on the blanket, working diligently on some math homework. He looked up when he heard her speak. “Ellie’s awake?” he’d asked, sitting up and peeking over to see. Natasha hummed and shifted the slowly awakening child in her grasp. The doe-eyed teen smiled a bit and whispered as he scooted closer to Natasha’s chair “Hi Ellie, I hope you slept well.” Surely enough, she looked over Natasha’s shoulder when he spoke and shot him a sleepy smile. “Gosh, Ellie is so cute. Mr. Stark is going to be such a great dad for ya.” He sang, petting her soft curls. Her gray eyes watched him for a moment.
“How in the world did you get these so fast?” Steve asked, reopening the beige file and looking it all over again to be sure he wasn’t wrong. Sam shrugged.
“Yes, that’s who we spoke about on the phone.” Steve said, blue eyes looking absently across the room as he answered the question and settled himself into one of the few adult-sized chairs in the room.
“Next we should work on the car seat. Adding a gyroscope would really use the kinetic energy of the car to its full potential and keep kids from being jostled while sleeping or eating in the car.” Tony rambled to himself, already scribbling at a hologram blueprint. He could hear Peter quietly tinkering away behind him, but suddenly he stopped.
Steve felt Ellie suddenly flinch in his lap and looked down at her in confusion. “What’s up little one?” he asked quietly. She sniffled, gray eyes filling with tears. Tony looked at her with wide eyes.
“Well then, you two had some children you’d like to meet with? If you don’t mind, we’ll have to do our meeting in the nursery. I’m going to send my aid from that room to serve lunch to the older children.” she said, as she lead them into a pastel room with a tv playing a bright colored cartoon of some sort. There were six babies of various ages sprawled out across the carpet with various toys. A woman was wiping down a highchair in the corner and smiled in greeting.
“Well, yeah he’s going to be your dad.” Peter quickly corrected, “But I’m not sure what you’re supposed to call them.” Ellie grinned back, wiggling out of Natasha’s hold so she could brace her legs against the woman’s strong though and stand up.
“Okay. Sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you.” Peter apologized and headed back to his work station quietly busying himself with the suit again. Tony saved his previous work and leaned his head on his hands. The things he worried he would have to do, had been things his dad had hated to do when he was a child. That was more than enough to make Tony feel inadequate. Neither he nor Steve had good childhoods. Steve’s had been riddled with poverty and struggle, while his had been nothing but constant trauma and walking on eggshells around his dad and the media. How the hell were the two of them supposed to have a kid and raise it well? Parenting books and classes were one thing. What really mattered was the application of it all. How was he supposed to know he was doing anything right? Ellie was too little to tell him if he was wrong.
“Hydra created this kid in a lab using one persons DNA, no mother, just machines and science.” Tony sighed.
“That’s dirty, stop,” Bucky told him, gently pulling the kids hand away from his face. He wondered how this was his life right now. As gentle as Bucky was, Tony still flinched.
“Hey. How’d it go?” Bucky asked, noticing Indy hiding his face against Steve’s neck.
They all laughed. “You can put your llama in there, sure,” Tony replied. “Why don’t you try it out?” Indy ran to his room to get his stuffed llama then ran back. He carefully placed the llama in the basket then sat on the bike and pushed himself around with his feet, not quite getting the hang of the pedals yet. Bucky stood up to walk with him around the living room and tried to teach him how to pedal and steer.
Rhodey sighed. “I’ll be there in 15. I’m in Jersey but I got the suit with me so I’ll get there quick.” He disconnected. Bucky sat next to Steve. Indy peered over at him through Steve’s arms which were surrounding him. Bucky smiled a little at him. “You okay in there?” He said softly.  Indy nodded and then closed his eyes.
“Thanks,” Bucky replied before getting some for himself and Steve since he noticed the other man hadn’t given himself any. “You need to eat too, punk.”
“You still wanna do this?” Tony asked.
“I do,” Steve replied, barely above a whisper, choking back tears.
"Jesus, Tony," Steve murmured sadly. Tony fixed him with a stare for a moment while sizing up the situation.
“Yeah. Bed all day.” Annie nodded sympathetically.
“I know you’re still decorating his room, so I figured what better to go in there than his Papa and Daddy,” Happy explained. “Right, kiddo?” He ruffled Indy’s hair.
“Get him to shut up or we make it happen,” she said angrily and stalked out of the room.
?!” Steve lost it, yelling at the comms in front of him, before he scowled in disgust and threw it far away.
“Joy!” She leapt to attention.
Thor had rounded up the magical troublesome pink-skin-coloured man-creature that had found its way to Earth and had left to take it away. He had been causing a small but increasing amount of mayhem, and had been sneaking around, causing trouble to people randomly here and there, and he even got into the tower before the avengers had been able to find him. The pink alien creature constantly evaded capture even in the tower, and Tony was, well, minorly panicking, it was minor – he even tried to grab the creature once, and it spat –
“I think you’ll find it’s called serenading.”
“A new core memory is being created!” Sadness said. They all followed where it was going, but Joy stayed at the control table, in bliss, as the kiss went deeper.
“That enough?” Tony enquired.
“Shit, Steve, stop, stop, stop,
Natasha groaned.
Natasha just stayed quiet, sitting down next to him.
He crashed onto the floor and coughed out the sick, some of it getting stuck in this throat, and he started to choke.
Steve looked at him a little disbelievingly.
“Are too.”
“Really?”
like you. You could be my best friend, if you were open to it, though I knew you – well, you resented me,” Steve said sadly, looking down. He knew Tony was looking at him, listening pensively.
INTIMACY ⚠️
“Can you just stop?”
are going to sit in your seat over there. Not in the middle, in your
“Which king?” Natasha asked.
“Oh – er – do-does that mean we can – er, or I can-”
“Do I have something on me?” Tony eyed Steve sceptically, looking for the truth. Then he looked down at his top, wiped at it, and looked at his three-quarter length sleeves, see if there was any dirt anywhere. Maybe he just didn’t look that good, and nobody wanted to mention it.
“I mean…y-you look gorgeous,” Steve said, without really thinking, but he didn’t regret it, because it was true. Tony’s surprised face only highlighted that he was right to say it.
It didn’t take long to settle in. Bruce and Natasha took a room on one side of the villa – which was really not so little – so it made sense for Tony and Steve to take rooms in the opposite wing.
“Maybe we work too much, you and I. Doing all the hard work and labour, I mean… We should do something fun, just the two of us,” Tony suggested. Steve was absently nodding, sifting through. Tony wanted to do something fun. As friends. That sounded great.
Tony shakes his head, his eyes becoming annoyingly blurry.
“Oh, right. Virgin Islands, got a nice little place.”
They both turned to glare at him.
“Something’s…bothering you. Look, I didn’t mean to go behind your back, though I know it might look that way.”
“Maybe.”
God, Steve was bad at this flirting thing. Maybe he could be more direct. Maybe not. Maybe he should just help and be a good person; not do it for any reason other to help and be friendly, which Tony deserved. Yea. That, he could do. Maybe.
Tony’s legs dangled freely as Steve came from the side and latched his arms around Tony’s hips securely.
Tony blushed when he realised Steve had caught on, and hid his wings behind his back, in a defensive way.
Steve was looking desperately around the room to see whose his could be. With limited success.
“Ooh,” Tony cooed, his stomach rumbling.
“Y-yes – I – I can do that,” he said, and leaned over Tony, holding onto his shoulders, and tilting back his head and chin, prompting his mouth open. The time to put his training into practice was now. He breathed in deeply.
But this was the first time he had ever touched Tony’s lips with his own, and he never would have expected it to be like this.
“I don’t know how that’s gonna fit around the tree,” Steve looks over to the gigantic Christmas tree in the high ceilinged room of the tower.
“Maybe.”
She put Fear in the centre chair at the control table.
“Yeah ok,” Steve smiled, “Does that mean yes?”
INTIMACY ⚠️
“As much as I would love to see you drunk, I don’t think the experimental levels of alcohol I could brew up in my lab would be good for anyone’s health.”
“How is it…possible?” Maria asked, scrunching up her face. Maybe it was an uncomfortable question. But she was just so curious. They all were.
Joy moaned, choosing to ignore that remark, muttering about how his smile could
Tony shakes his head. “I don’t know...”
“Oh, of course, yea, I’ll just – wait outside with the others.” He nodded and left.
Steve saw the metal suit on the floor as soon as he could sit up.
Tony hated seeing the look of hurt, betrayal on Steve’s face, but he had to do it. He turned his concentration onto defusing the big bomb, on neutralising its contents, as the other machines around him beeped more quickly.
Non-toxic exhibitionist narcissist
“Tony! Come on, please,” he said worriedly, and put his head to his chest where he kept his thermal under-suit on. He thought he could hear a faint heartbeat. He then put his face close to Tony’s, but he couldn’t feel breath there. He waited. He wasn’t breathing.
“I hate myself,” Disgust said.
her,” Nat said with a stern, but knowing look.
“So, how are your suits and stuff coming along?” He asks, always so eloquently.
“I know, I know. Look, I’m sorry, Stevie,” he said, shoulders heaving a little, stroking Steve’s hair. “Really. I’ve just been tired lately – more than usual. I’ll try and work less and make for time for us. I thought you would be busy as well, and I was in a bad mood, I don’t know…” He leaned his forehead to Steve’s, and shuffled down, getting comfy sitting in Steve’s muscled lap, eyes level.
Tony began to choke around the tube down his throat.
“Tony, I get it, you don't have to explain. You know I’d never hurt you,” Steve said solemnly, gritting his jaw.
Tony also did not know what to do. He had figured out it was Steve, no matter how much he wanted to deny it. And boy, he wanted to. But, there was no point in trying to hide it forever, because you couldn’t. When he developed the courage, he would just tell Steve, and explain how he doesn’t want to be with him, so get over it and move on. Because
Joy offered a small, hidden smile, as she turned back to watch the tender scene.
Steve raised an eyebrow.
Tony gave him a thoughtful look.
Steve doesn’t hear anything for a beat.
“I agree. It’s so sad. We need to protect him from the world. We still need to protect Steve from this world,” Sadness sighed.
“Tony, I can take the blow-”
“The alien did this? That meddlesome son of a bitch-”
“No, really, you are.”
“Good, that’s agreed then!”
“Yes, honey, it’s pretty safe. And definitely our only option.
“No, not really,” Tony answered, looking down. “It did at first. I mean, my whole wing was…it was coming off. Installing a new one just took a bit of getting used to. Once I calibrated it with the same velocity and core power of my other wing, everything became much easier.” Tony now had his natural wing curled around his front, where he was nervously picking at some of his feathers, which Steve noticed he sometimes did as a habit. He was stroking where the red became yellow, and had a fond look of pride in his eyes, and Steve loved it more than anything in the world.
it, most of the time, and it really puts things into perspective, you know?” Tony was saying, getting it out of his system, apparently. Natasha was the chosen victim.
“You know I care about our little girl too, right?”
“Ok. It’s just, it seems more than that, you know, you’re spending a lot of time around me and..”
He had a video call with Pepper yesterday, and it was nice just to see her. Things were still a little off between them, but she expressed her worry at hearing that Tony was injured from a mission and Tony reassured her. They talked a little business, and in general, they’re in a better place now. He was actually surprised, but glad it had gone so well. Made things easier to move on.
“Tony’s…trying to get his boat out, and, well, failing at it, and he could get himself hurt…” But Steve was already getting up, “Wanna help?”
Tony stood up, and Steve grabbed his hand, and stood up to pull him close.
“Ok, it’s a little something to worry about.”
Disgust high-fived Fear.
“Yep…”
Tony nodded, though he didn’t know entirely what he meant.
Unfortunately, fate, or Steve, had other ideas as only the next day they were in the training room going through drills, and Tony ended up pinned on his front on the ground with Steve on top of him, clearly showing his superior fighting skills and Tony just grunted.
“Tony?” He said, panicked. He shook his shoulders again, and bent down, but Tony suddenly flinched in his grasp. Steve manoeuvred to sit behind Tony, holding him in his lap.
“It’s fine.”
He bites his lip and walks around a bit, his sandals scraping across the grass. It’s really warm and Tony decides his heart hurts a little too much. It’s got physical scars, sure – his heart, being intact, is in itself a miracle – but it’s the ones you can’t see that hurt the most, for some reason.
“Now you wanna – what – control me? For my own ‘good’? I don’t get it, is this just a concept of yours-”
“Er…Look, Steve-” Tony said, coming hesitantly towards him.
“You don’t have to apologise, at least, for trying to figure yourself out. Besides, you’re still here.”
“Oh…” Steve was the one embarrassed now, as he looked away and scratched his neck. He could feel his cheeks getting warm. No, he had to remain steadfast in this.
“Sadness!” She looked up in attention, “Do not ruin this for us, ok? You will stay quiet, unless in the rare possibility we need to pull you out.”
“Right. Better get started then.”
“I’m not! I just,” Steve argued lamely, “I just wanna know if…I...” Ok, it sounded stupid.
“Yes,” Steve nods.
The next day, some of the emotions were talking about what they think could be going through Steve’s mind. Obviously, it was a mystery why he seemed to like Tony. Very strange. Joy, unfortunately, was not allowed to participate much in the discussion.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve smiled back, looking at him a strange way, but nice. His blue eyes were all soft and smiley.
Firstly, he broke his fucking bed, and expected Tony to be able to fix it.
“Thank you dear,” Tony said, smiling as Steve stood up and held his hand to get up.
“I only want you to-”
,” Tony said frustratedly.
“Dammit, Rogers!” Tony huffed angrily, pacing and stopping to stand in the middle of the living room while Rogers stood just the other side of the nice white sofa. Safest bet in an argument between them to have something between them.
... He heard some shuffling about behind him and peeked a look behind him to see Steve coming up to him, and he planted his feet down on the chair.
And again.
“Oh, um,” Steve blushed, scratching behind his ear cutely, “I didn’t mean anything by that – I just, you know, er…”
“No problem,” Steve answered easily, as he smiled at Tony. “Anything else you need sorting out or helping with, I’m here. I haven’t really got much to do.”
“Cool, huh?”
“Steve,” Bruce called, trotting in the sand towards them, and they looked up, arms shielding them in the sunlight.
“Shut up,” Tony breathed heavily, and looked up at him, now looking like a crying puppy who’d been bloody shot, “Shit, Steve, you didn’t do anything. Can’t have that on your conscience. No. I’m just going into labour.”
He was feeling mixed emotions to say the least, but had finally met his soulmate! Which must mean they were in this room…full of people. He moved his way through the crowds, questioning a nice woman called Sharon who had different coloured tips, meaning she had a soulmate, but it turns out she had recently got back with her childhood best friend and they were ‘giving it another go’. Steve politely said he was glad for her, and excused himself, and looked around the room. He then bumped into Tony, catching a glimpse of one of his red wings, and realised he was not his soulmate, but he still liked him and cared for him, no matter what – soulmates are not the be-all and end-all – but when he reached him, Tony looked slightly panicked and Steve instantly wanted to erase his anxiety, whatever had caused it, but Tony left politely before he could. Steve couldn’t find his apparent soulmate anywhere, and his wings drooped a little by the end of the night, so he had retired to his room to ponder.
“No, Steve that’s not really necessary…” Bruce said, wincing.
“It may help…to get things off your chest. There are no expectations here, though. I want you to know that. I want to help combat your negative thought patterns, in order for you to gain more control in your life. I know it will take time. But it gets better.”
Steve smiles as if he can’t stop smiling. “That sounds great.”
“Clint, we need the hospital,” Bruce said, Steve looking worried as he held onto Tony.
,” Tony says curtly, as Natasha turns around as well. “Mostly he’s the antagonist. Or just the person really annoying me – like, by poking me with a stick. And then I wake up and realise – oh, it’s not a dream – he’s actually literally poking me with a stick.”
Then he heard Natasha’s voice through the comms.
. For fuck’s sake…
“Oh, God, he’ll think I’m a pig!” Fear cried out.
“He’s just a guy. A friend.”
“Huh,” Tony said, fluttering his eyes up at Steve. The emotions were still. “What?”
“HE IS GOING IN, I REPEAT…”
“Did you just hear that?” Disgust asked, standing up from her seat, “His stomach just groaned, we can’t have Steve’s stomach groaning!”
Tony looks to her as she was on her tablet, then handed it over to Tony.
“Captain Rogers, are you able to perform CPR rescue breathing?” Friday’s cool voice filtered through a fractured bit of Tony’s suit somewhere.
“I think I need whiskey,” Steve said finally.
“What?” Tony said innocently, “It’s the least I can do.”
“Tony…” Steve warned.
“Yes, you
“…So I just, um. I hope y-you get better. Even if it is just to shout at me. To reject me. I don’t care. Just wake up.
“So, you were…you could hear me?”
“-underneath the Chri-i-istmas treee…”
“We’ll keep it on a low dose though, just in case.”
Tony had seen Captain America’s great blue wings turn white at the congregation he was holding. In a room full of people, and his presence just
“Ha-ha.”
“Why are you looking at me like that, Spangles?” Tony asked curtly, scrunching his eyes at him.
,” Tony bit back, “Besides, Happy will probably find a jet ski or something if I’m in any kind of trouble, and I would
good.
“I would say better to be safe than sorry, but…I don’t even care,” Sadness said honestly.
“No,” Tony said right away. “Of course not, I totally got this. If you’re here to mock me, then don’t bother.”
have much to lose at this point. Steve’s dark blonde hair flutters in the wind and his tank top looks ridiculously tight on him. But he’s here. And neither of them is perfect and they were both wrong to make judgements of each other so quick.
The next day, Tony decided to fuck it. He’s in the sun, it’s warm – so why not do some sunbathing? There was a beautiful little cove with palm trees next to his lounger where he was on the beach. Natasha came wordlessly to join him, wearing a tankini with a thin dress over the top. She said she burns easily.
While explaining to the others when they were completely sure about it a few weeks later, Tony found himself quite emotional.
“Tony, it’s ok, it’s gonna be ok,” Steve said solemnly, holding onto him as he went into a coughing fit again, his face scrunched up, in pain, discomfort, fear.
“Do you want to like-” Tony was stuck for words somehow. Gosh, this whole thing was awkward.
I don't pretend to be a perfect writer. I just want it to be real. I'd love to hear what people think of it.
is… changing.”
Steve came closer with his arms stretched out. “Okay, okay, I gotcha.”
“What?”
“Hey, do I get an invite-?” Clint asks.
“Why not?”
“Won’t be long now.”
Steve puts a light hand on his shoulder and rubs it with his thumb. “Yes you did. You did so good,” he says almost breathlessly, proud of him beyond belief to be able to make this decision. To live. His adrenaline dies down as he clasps his hands together, the fear less prominent, but still there, beneath the surface.
“Oh, er, I know. Can we talk for a second?” Steve gestured to a sitting area. Sandy checked her watch while holding her bag and nodded at him. He smiled gratefully and took her over to a quieter area. Not that there were many people around.
Tony was still acting weird several days later.
“I still…find it hard adjusting. Sometimes,” Steve admitted. Tony took a deep breath, and nodded.
“Maybe.”
“Not that I’m complaining but – we haven’t exactly done this in a while and now you just – do you just want to...?” He looked at Tony questioningly.
he had accidentally bent the spoon he was holding. Dammit. Why did he have to torture himself over the image of Tony…with someone else…in that way…not him…
“No,” Bruce whispered, tapping Tony to lie on his back again, “Can’t be,” he breathed, looking at the screen.
“But for now...you have to go back. Next time, you can stay for the wholeeee night and the day after too.” Tony explains, plucking her from the top of the car and placing on her feet. Ellie holds her rabbit tightly, still beaming as Tony gives her a gentle nudge toward the front door. Steve opens the door for them and Ellie excitedly bounces straight up to the front desk.
“No fuckin way.”
“Why's that?”
“Ellie! C’mere kid!” He called Tony and Pepper packed up the chairs, and dumped the water out of the cooler. Her tiny head snapped in his direction at the sound of her name. Peter lifted her up onto her feet and challenged her to a race, taking off in the direction of Steve. Ellie followed, stumbling in the unstable sand a few times, but quickly made it to Steve’s side, panting and flushed, but clearly exuberated. “You should go ahead and get your things together Peter, we’re going to pack it in.”
Chapter 4: Quiet Words
“So...what do parents do while their kids sleep?” Steve asks, heading into the kitchen to clean up. Tony smirks to himself. “I can think of a few things we can get up to…"
Strawberry Fields Adoption Agency was a small, homey building in upper New York. As they stood in front of the pale yellow door, Steve adjusted his blue flannel button up and took some more deep breaths. Outside there were colorful flowers blooming along the foundation, a few kids toys scattered along the front yard, bikes lined up against a fence, and chalk doodles decorating the concrete in various pastel colors, making it very obvious that quite a few kids of various ages shared the home.
“One for Tony and you. Plus, a certification from an adoption panel.” Sam grinned smugly as Steve gaped at him, eyes wide. “All you have to do is find your little match, do some visitation with a social worker and foster for a little while, and then you can legally file to be official parents.”
Slowly, he wandered into the toy section, and he was transfixed by all of the cute little stuffed animals. He could easily imagine a kid running around excitedly with a stuffed bear or fox tucked under their arm.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve opened his mouth and paused, drawing his lips into a thin line before finally speaking.“I was talking to Sam and I realized I’m not getting any younger.” He said. Tony’s mouth twitched up and his eyes looked up at the ceiling before looking back at Steve. Steve resisted the urge to roll his eyes, because he knew Tony was going to make a wise quip about him being old, but decided against it. 3 years of dating made his body language crystal clear to his partner. “We should have a baby.” Tony flinched visibly, eyes going from wide with surprise, to squinted curiously.
Steve couldn’t resist the smile coming onto his face as he looked Ellie over.
“Yeah, she’s kind of grumpy. Probably just hungry and tired.” Ellie babbled at them, bottom lip poked out and the tips of her fingers half in her mouth as tears ran down her cheeks. She leaned back against the plush of the seat sniffling loudly and watching both of them.
“It’s fine Pete. She would’ve fallen eventually. It was only a matter of time.” Peter plopped himself down on the towel and stretched out, slightly relieved to have Ellie back with someone else that could be responsible for her. Tony fed her some orange slices, a handful of pistachios (only because she fussed when he wouldn’t share his snack with her), and a half a ham and cheese sandwich before she climbed up onto Natasha’s chair and tried to take her book from her.
“No, nothing like that. I just thought...can we have a serious conversation about something?” Steve suddenly asked, turning his body in Tony’s direction, as the man hung the towel on the edge of the bed cocked a brow.
“I think it’s good” Peter mumbled, head low as he looked at the tiny screws around the heating coil. Tony looked over, turning the desk chair in his direction.
“Oh. Thanks, honey.” Steve replied, ignoring the teasing nickname, and taking the bag. “You might as well watch and learn.” Steve reached into the bag and dug around for a minute, pulling out a plush ball with bells in it. “Here you go, Ellie. Something to keep you busy.” Steve cooed, smiling as she took the ball from his hands and shook it in her hands, enjoying the melodic tinkling of the bells and squealed. “Tony, you’re watching right?”
Thank you for reading this chapter. Since it's a bit short, I may post another chapter either today or tomorrow. I appreciate any type of comments and can't wait to write more since it seems like you guys are really liking the story. I've also been asked to write a follow-up, with an upcoming character where civil war and Ultron have both happened and having it take place during/post infinity war. What do you guys think? I'll bring this up again once the character is introduced!
“Steve Rogers, right? It’s a pleasure to meet you both.” she said simply, brown eyes hard as diamonds. She shook Steve’s hand with equal amounts of vigor and precise execution that it almost felt robotic.”As much as I would love to stay and chit chat, it is getting close to Nora’s bedtime. I am more than willing to speak with you both once she is down for the night. Right now saying goodbye to mi hermanita is my main mission.” For a moment her eyes softened and a grin melted onto her features, showing off well-placed dimples and a perfect set of teeth beneath. She smoothed Ellie’s hair lovingly and shifted her on her hip. “Bien aqui. Let's get ready for sleep, hm?” Ms. Honey stepped to the side and allowed both Marcellina and Ellie to pass, as the elder whispered something to her in Spanish, sending the toddler into loud laughter.
“We’ve been with her alone for an hour Tony.” Steve chided, tsking as he rolled on his side and looked down at Ellie lovingly. “Just look at her. She’s perfect.” Tony did the same, leaning on his head on his arm and taking it all in. Never in his wildest dreams did he think he and Steve would be laying in the same bed with a toddler sleeping between them. Then again, he never thought that he and Steve would be in a relationship. In a very, un-Tony-like action, he reached over and gently placed his hand on Steve’s face.
“Yeah?”
“Tony Stark.” Tony shook her hand next, surprised when she didn’t gush over him as she shook his hand. Instead, she untied her apron, turned off the stove, and gestured down the hall.
“Being a big brother isn’t so bad!” he exclaimed to her as he used his arms to propel himself through the water. When Ellie got squirmy and bored, they changed activities, and instead started collecting seashells. Ellie excitedly toddled close by, picking up the brightly colored shells and bringing them back to Peter every time she found one. He’d ooh and ahh and tuck it into his pocket for safekeeping.
“The medication they gave her this morning must’ve worn off...I’ll go up and get her some more.” Steve mumbled, shuffling over to the elevator. Tony and Bruce sat back down, both looking a bit sheepish.
“So, do you want me to get the door, or do you need a moment?” Tony said pulling him from his thoughts. Steve pinked slightly, chuckled awkwardly, and reached for the handle himself, opening the door with a squeak. The pair entered, coming up to a desk where an older looking girl, maybe 10, sat quietly in a green t-shirt and pigtails with a crayon in one hand, and a marker missing a cap in the other as she doodled on a piece of paper. She looked up to acknowledge them and flashed a friendly smile.
“I’ll keep my eyes and ears open and relay anything I find out to you as soon as I get it.” Steve nodded back, thanked him, and dug a 10 out of his pocket, sticking it between the salt and pepper shaker to tip the waitress. He stood, taking both envelopes, and after a quick hug, he exited the small diner. Sam headed off on his own way, but Steve stood there for a moment, just listening to the hustle and bustle of the city and thinking about what it would be like to be a dad and have his best friend back. He hoped it would be sooner, rather than later.
Chapter 3: Quiet Thoughts
“Woah, Woah kid, she’s about to cry Steve.” he rushed out, reaching over and opening his arms for her. Steve stood up, also looking panicked as he handed her to him. Tony patted her back as the tears finally spilled over and ran down her cheeks.
“Mr. Stark, are you okay?” Peter asked, now leaning in front of his mentor, big doe eyes blinking at him and filled with concern. “You’re panting and getting all red again. Is it space? Is it the water? Just breathe with me.” The younger male instructed. This was not the first time Peter had seen Tony go into a panic attack and it surely wouldn’t be the last. He had gotten quite skilled at talking his mentor down when he got way too over his head with thoughts.
“I thought you’d never say it.” Steve rasped. Tony looked up and smiled slightly when he noticed Steve actually crying. He sits up and pulls Steve into a tighter hug. They stay like that until the sun comes up.
“Okay, if you’re going to sit up here with me, you have to sit nicely.” The spy was quick to tuck to the girl in a towel (since Ellie was very wet and Natasha was very, not) and sit her against the crook of her arm. “Here, will reading to you calm you down a bit?” Natasha read from the pages of her mystery novel quietly, feeling Ellie occasionally snuggle into her. She was out cold in less than five minutes.
“We were so happy. And damn surprised. My mom was in her 40’s. Sure, Chris was only 37, but never did any of us imagine they’d have a kid. But there she was. 6 pounds of fury. She came out screaming her head off and kicking, almost like she wanted to make up for 8 months of silence. Chris was upset he didn’t get to be there, but he never put her down when he got home. He adored Nora. He and mom both. They agreed to raise her catholic for mom’s sake, and bilingual, also for mom’s sake. She gets that passive, go with the flow mentality from Chris. She was an easy baby. It only took her a month to sleep through the night. She ate well and was always nothing but smiles and so cuddly. She loved to cuddle and watch soaps with mom. “ She smiled fondly and tilted her head to look up at the stars.
“Thanks Pepper. I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”
“Done and done. No need to worry about that.” The brunette smiled.
“Seems I haven’t been the only one busy. What made you wanna paint?” Tony asked. Steve pulled the smaller man into his body with a sigh.
“Are you choking? Oh god, Tony, she’s choking.” Steve nearly screamed. “Turn her upside down!”
Steve stopped by a café to pick up some breakfast. He couldn’t help but glance at the kids menu and eye all of the child friendly options, imagining ordering fruit salad or a donut for a hungry and happy kid, bouncing excitedly as they waited.
Chapter 6: Battle Cry
In all of the 3 years they’d been together, Tony had only said he loved him without prompting, 5 times, this being the fifth. Steve’s eyes watered as Tony just stared at him lovingly, not needing to say another word. Steve had never been this happy in his life.
“Now isn’t the best time for me to go off to the wilderness for an extended period of time...And this was over a month ago, he could have moved again.” Steve said, frowning deeply. Sam nodded in understanding.
“Damn, you even had time to sit down and stare off into space.” He chuckled and took a deep breath before uncapping a bottle of water and taking a long sip. “What’s got you all serious?” Steve leaned back and straightened his legs, flexing his calf’s to relieve the growing, post run tension.
Steve eyed the two files sitting plainly on the wooden table at his favorite diner. He picked at a piece of bacon on his plate, tearing a piece off between his teeth, chewing slowly before letting out a small breath. Across from him, Sam sipped coffee from a red mug and cocked a brow at his best friend, before nudging the envelopes closer to Steve.
“C’mon Ellie. Your dad wants us.” he offered his hand to hers. For a moment, she eyed him, gray eyes looking at his hand curiously before she got a mischievous glint in her eye and took off from him. “Hey, don’t run away, run in the other direction!” he scolded, running after her as she burst into squeals and laughter at the potential for a game of chase. Turning her head to look over her shoulder and beam at him, her foot caught a bit of driftwood and sent her flying face first into the damp sand. Peter was at her side in a matter of seconds, lifting her up so her feet were on the ground again and tsking as he brushed the sand from her face. Her big gray eyes quickly snapped open in confusion. “See, this is why you don’t run when you’re not supposed to.” Peter chided, taking her hand and leading her back to the towel. Tony leaned down and held his arms open for her.
Sorry for the late upload! The last 4 weeks have been crazy, with finals and moving out of my dorm and a bunch of end of the year festivities I had to attend. Thank you to everyone who is still interested in the story! I hope to go back to my regular upload schedule, however, I have been writing some pretty cool stuff on Tumblr, so if you haven't checked that out, please do!
As usual the tidbit will be up on tumblr, as well as a special little gift for you guys since I was a dummy who got sick and couldn't upload on time. Thank you so much for your support! You can find my tumblr
“Well, I don’t want to ruin the surprise. Ah, here they are now.” Just then, Ms. Honey and a tall woman in a black military jacket, white dress pants, perfectly shined black shoes, with her hair perfectly slicked back into a bun and sharp brown eyes rounded the corner. Ellie instantly bolted over, beaming even wider.
Of all of the various fights and wars Steve had been a part of, never in his life was he as nerve-wracked as he was at this very moment. As they drove, Steve changed the radio station 6 times, sucked in deep breaths and held them for way too long 4 times, tapped his fingers on the wheel each time they were stopped by a light, and checked his watch 9 times (and yes, Tony was counting). Steve got out of the car first, nearly vibrating with anxiety. He visibly flinched with Tony shut his door and the shorter man rolled his eyes with a small smile on his face.
“Dada?” She parroted, curiously waiting for him to speak again. Natasha and Peter shared a look.
“You poor thing. Does your mouth still hurt? Maybe we shouldn’t go to the park Tony. She looks too tired.” Steve fussed shifting his hold on her as they reached the car.
“Alright. I’ll be right back.” And with that, she disappeared quickly out of one of the doors. Tony looked at Steve in confusion as he sat down next to him.
This one is a bit short, so if you'd like another chapter, just send me an ask and I'll post chapter 5.
Thank you guys for reading! I hope you enjoyed this longer chapter. The next update will be next Tuesday, back on our normal schedule. I appreciate the support!
“Well, what it is it, kid, spit it out?” Tony insisted.
Suddenly the bench shifted and there was a warm hand resting on her shoulder. She tilted her head back down and came face to face with Steve’s warm blue eyes staring back into hers. She’s looked to quick. The tears began to fall without her consent. “I want you to know that there is nothing wrong with following your dreams. Or sticking to your plans. No matter what we do there will always be things that get in the way of what we want. This was just a hurtle, both for you and Ellie. Both Tony and I want to give Ellie a good life. We want to raise her around friends and family.”
“You might need this old man.” Tony interrupted, offering her pink backpack. Steve blinked at him for a moment and chuckled as his cheeks pinked visibly.
“I second that.” Steve agreed, pulling the blanket up over the three of them. “Goodnight Ellie. Goodnight Tony.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think it’s good that you’re adopting a kid with no mom and dad. I don’t know what I would have done or where I could have ended up if Aunt May hadn’t have taken me in. I think she’ll really appreciate it when she’s older. I would if I was her.” Peter said, unknowingly reassuring Tony a bit with his words. “I’m kinda jealous. I wish Aunt May would adopt a kid.” Tony snorted.
“He’s right ya know. We both just want what's best for her. And spending the rest of her days cooped up here when she could be exploring the world out there is a pretty shitty way to spend it, don’t you think?”
Warning: I was really sick so this has not gone through my normal set of parameters for editing. I apologize for any grammatical, written, spelling, or contextual errors!
“Let’s just let her sleep with us. Just for tonight.”
“What do you know.” Steve all but whispered. Tony laughed quietly, pushing his feet against the concrete to propel the bench backward. The crickets chirped nearby as a cool breeze blew over them.
Find me on tumblr,
An unexpected visitor makes an appearance. Ellie learns her place in Tony and Steve's lives.
“I think that would be a good idea.” Steve spoke up. Tony nodded in agreement and Ms. Honey smiled.
“One of the thing’s I’ve always dreamed about, was having kids and a little family of my own.” Steve said simply. Sam raised his eyebrows curiously.
“There we go.” Tony leans on his arm and watches Ellie doze with a sad smile on his face. “Her sister was saying she had pretty bad nightmares after the accident.” He whispered, watching her shift so she can suck her thumb.
“Well, what are you waiting for, let me hold her.” Natasha said, reaching over to him. Tony playfully stuck out his tongue.
Marcellina heaved a sigh. “I know it is. I hate that I can’t be the one to give it to her, because I’m stubborn. I have to be gone for the next six months, down in Quantico. I know that the foster parent decision will be made long before those 6 months are up, so I do ask that you send me pictures at least.” She handed over a card with her name and number printed in simple black ink on a pale pink background. Quickly, she checked her watch and stood to her feet. “I have to head out if I want to make it to my plane on time. Can I also ask...that you allow Ellie to use her spanish more? Maybe you guys have a friend or something who could help her practice, but my mom wanted her to be bilingual.” Marcellina physically bit her lip in apprehension as she looked between the couple. Steve stammered. He couldn’t think of anyone he knew that spoke a lick of spanish. Russian? Yeah. Italian. Yes. Spanish? Not one. Tony nodded.
“Tony?” Steve whispered, patting him gently on the knee when they stopped at a light. The brown-haired man sat up a bit and looked over, cocking a brow. “I know we talked about an older child..” Steve half mumbled, hand gripping the steering wheel a bit tighter.
It had been a few days since they’d met, but Steve could not keep Ellie off of his mind, to the point where it kept him up at night. It was 12 AM. He couldn’t sleep and Tony was down in the lab tinkering with Bruce on god knows what, and no amount of tossing and turning was putting him in the mood to drift off. Steve climbed out of bed. He slipped his slippers on and headed straight for the nursery.
“I saw you wiped out pretty hard there kid” Tony stated, chuckling as she walked into his waiting arms.
“Thanks. Well...I hope to hear from you soon. Thank you for taking care of my sister and caring for her so much. It means more than you could ever imagine.” She headed toward the gate to the yard instead of the back door. Steve quickly shot up and rushed to her side. Tony watched as the blond hugged her tightly, said something to her that made her laugh and headed back to him.
“Look, what he’s trying to say is, we both are sure we want to be your dads. And to prove this wasn’t some, one day trip thing,” Tony paused, allowing Steve to pull the brown stuffed rabbit from a bag and offer it to her. Instantly, a smile spreads out across her face.
The main floor was oddly populated today. Natasha, Bruce, and Clint were all sitting at the large table in the kitchen, discussing something and eating grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup. Tony carried Ellie into the area and pulled a chair from the table, turned it backward, and plopped himself down with a smirk on his face. Ellie’s big gray eyes scanned over the others at the table curiously. All three heads snapped up at looked at the new arrivals.
“Good morning! Ellie is a little grumpy today. She didn’t get much sleep because her molars are coming in and it’s been agony for her.” The dark-haired child was in fact, rubbing her eyes tiredly with an annoyed look on her face. Steve cocked a brow. He’d never seen her look like that before. He and Tony locked eyes as Olivia shifted a small pink polka dot bag. “Here are some things you might need. She’s got some medication for her gums, a couple frozen teethers, and her favorite blanket. We just gave her some of the pain medication, but it may take a bit for it to take effect.” She listed, handing the bag off to Steve, who took it with a small smile and a thank you. “If you need anything at all, please don’t hesitate to give us a call. We’ll see you guys at 6!” Steve stood up and gently took Ellie into his arms, running a hand down her back slowly and adjusting the little rainbow dress she was wearing.
She was a complete mess.
Ellie slept for about two hours before squirming into Natasha’s shoulder and blearily blinking up at her beneath her long dark eyelashes. The redhead looked down at her and smiled a bit.
“MEESHA MEESHA!” The tall woman smiled back and leaned down to scoop her up. She held her tightly in her arms, hands snaking into the child’s curls as she held her close. Steve looked concerned as he set the clipboard back down.
“Well, should we wake her?” Tony murmured back, absently rubbing his thumb over her closed hand as she snored softly. Steve leaned back and quickly shook his head.
“I’m proud of you, and I’m happy as long as you two are happy. ” She reassured, grabbing her bag. Tony paused for a moment, turning the empty mug over in his hands as he watched her go.
“Papa!” Sam whooped loudly and high fived Clint. Steve clapped Tony on the back as he pulled her into a hug.
Nervous. Terrified. Unsure. Perplexed.
“Yeah, I’m sure she did. Watching your parents drown and nearly drowning yourself would be hard on an adult, let alone an infant.” Tony runs his fingers through her downy curls, freeing dark brown tendrils from the once perfect braids. “It was hard. Losing my parents I mean. And I was in my
They were...potentially going to have a baby.
“That’s not how you do the Heimlich on a baby you have to pat their backs!” Tony argued, patting her back a bit harder, sending Ellie into confused wails as she held her cheek.
“Try not to jump to conclusions next time. That goes for all three of you.” She chastised. “C’mon lets get something cold for those poor gums, bednyaga..” Ellie’s cries shifted down into long whines and loud pants as she continued holding her cheek. Natasha dug through the freezer and found her target, strawberry lemonade popsicles. “Here little lady, let's eat this.” She removed the plastic and sat on a chair, offering the frozen treat to the toddler who immediately took it and shakily shoved it in her mouth, sighing as she rested it on her aching gums.
“I’m more than okay. Just...nervous. We haven’t been with her by ourselves yet. I don’t want her to get hurt or anything.” Tony rubbed his back soothingly but rolled his eyes at his overprotective mother hen habits.
Feel free to send me an ask about anything! I appreciate you all!
out of the bedroom, startling Tony as well. Ellie was standing in her crib, holding onto the bars and her rabbit as she sobbed. Her cheeks were glistening in the dim light of the rabbit-shaped night light on her dresser.
“Yeah, okay babe.”
“Well, what about you?” Pepper inquired, tilting her head a bit. Her well manicured nails rapped against the glass of her cup, making light tinkling sounds, almost like bells as she adjusted the way she was sitting across from him. Tony shrugged a bit as he swallowed.
He bought a single stuffed rabbit with a white ribbon tied around its neck, and downy brown fur.
Thanks for reading! I'd love any sort of feedback! I'll be posting an extra tidbit on my tumblr:
“It’s so good to see you ‘Nora.” she said, barely above a whisper as she rubbed her hand up and down the squealing toddler’s back.
Tony waved him off. “Ellie is the most even-tempered kid I’ve ever seen. I’ve never even seen her cry.” Clint rolled his eyes, already annoyed with him. Steve sets the plate down on the table and held his hands out.
“Whatcha got there Steve?” Tony questioned as he sat on the bed and peered over his shoulder. “Need a teddy bear to sleep now?”
“Yeah right, one shitty diaper and you’d be throwing up and wanting to back out.” Tony teased, deflating his young mentor. Peter huffed and stood up, pouting at Tony.
“I am not jealous. It’s plainly obvious I’m Ellie’s favorite.” Tony stated as he set Ellie on his hip.
(See the end of the chapter for
The team gets some much-needed beach R&R. Ellie experiences the ocean.
On June 12th, Steve started his day like any other. He took a short run to the park and back, had a hot shower, dressed in a red short-sleeved button up and jeans, made the bed, and cooked a small breakfast of bacon, eggs, and toast. After he washed the dishes, Steve checked his watch. It was only 9:30. They weren’t supposed to leave until 10:45. Steve pursed his lips and went to the couch and went through the bag he’d packed. There were diapers, wipes, a few toys, a pacifier, a tiny jacket, a blanket, and the infamous brown stuffed rabbit. Steve plopped himself on the couch and turned on the tv to entertain himself, setting the bag by the edge of the sofa. Tony came into the main door, still dressed in an expensive suit from a meeting he’d had with Pepper. He kicked his shoes off and sauntered into the kitchen area.
“Well, what’re you?” Peter questioned, twirling a screwdriver between his fingers dexterously.
“Woah, woah, slow down Ellie. Come say hi to Peter!” Steve said quietly, leading her over with his hand on her tiny head.
“I don’t disagree.”
“Yeah, you say that now, wait until she’s chucking tools at you or something.” Both Steve and Tony chuckled together and watched their charge for a beat. “Alright, ready for a bath kid? You’ve got pizza sauce all over you.”
“Peter! Can you bring the kid over!” Tony called, waving from underneath the umbrella. He waved back and turned back to the toddler who was still looking for shells.
“I couldn't sleep again. So, I thought I would at least be productive. I’m very sure, even if Ellie isn’t for us…” Tony gave him a look of skepticism, considering they’d both just about made up their minds that she was. “Even if she isn’t, I think I really want a girl. And it’s almost like us having a baby is like finding a unicorn, ya know? It’s magical almost. I thought it would be nice if we did a magic theme. Unicorns, mermaids, and rainbows. That kind of stuff.” Steve whispered, tightening his grip on Tony and giving him a kiss on the forehead. The inventor hummed in agreement.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I did. I gave her a toy. Per…” he paused as he put her shorts aside and thought for a moment. “One of the child-rearing books I read, it helps keep toddlers still because they like to squirm around.” Tony grunted in acknowledgment, as he watched Steve easily removed the soiled diaper and delicately redressed her. The blonde pulled her up and set her on her feet to adjust her dress. “There. All done.” He stated proudly. Ellie leaned forward and planted a sloppy kiss on Steve’s forehead, making him beam. He cooed at her picking her up and rubbing his nose on hers. “You’re so sweet!” he whispered to her as he peppered her face in kisses, making all her giggle wildly and try and wiggle away.
“Ya know, kids movies aren’t so bad.” Tony yawned, standing up to stretch. Steve snorted and nudged him playfully as he stood up. Ellie looked between them, a big piece of ice protruding from her lips.
So last week's thing with a new chapter or one-shot didn't go as planned. I didn't get any votes, so instead of posting one-shots or new chapters, I began posting the story on Tumblr instead. Worry not though, there are only 15 more chapters before I can branch out a bit more with the story. As school winds down to a close, there may be a bit of lag with the posting of new chapters (because of finals and moving back home and all that), so I have to forwarn you guys about that. Thank you all for the continued support! Your feedback means the world to me.
Tony never dreamed he’d want a baby.
“Okay, no park. What should we do instead?” Tony asked, opening the door for Steve who gently put Ellie into a bright pink and black car seat Happy had put into place while the two went in to get her. He clicked the six-point harness together and gave her a pat on the head. She leaned into his hand, with a quiet whimper. Steve frowned; she was abnormally warm.
“I don’t know how I will ever be able to thank you for this one. This is...it’s amazing.” Steve said quietly, still partially in awe. Sam shrugged again and pushed the file on Bucky directly into Steve’s view.
“Look Ellie, there are some cars, and some blocks and a little scootch on toy, since you’re in a very...mobile mood.” The blond pulled her from his back and placed her on the plush patterned carpet. Ellie’s eyes scanned her options, but she went straight for the lion. “How did I know...” Steve mumbled to himself as he watched Ellie climb on and pull her little sock covered feet along the floor, only to not move anywhere. She frowned deeply, making Steve laugh. “It’s your socks love bug, they aren’t giving you any traction.” He removed them for her and she happily scooched herself across the hardwood as quickly as she could.  Steve disappeared for a moment, and returned with Tony in tow, who went straight for Ellie.
“My father was a marine, so of course I chose to follow his footsteps after I got my degree... I blame myself for the fact that Nora has to be in your care. If I had not been so damned stubborn and just waited. Two weeks after I signed my papers my parents died and now Nora is in this situation.” Her view of the stars blurred as the tears from earlier welled up again. This was the right thing to do. She knew that. It was just...hard to let go.
“And at a good time too.” Ms. Honey said as she turned on a CD player and the sounds of soft rain filled the room. Tony looked up and realized, the other children had disappeared from the area around them and were all lying in different cribs around the room.  Steve continued gently rubbing her tummy with the most pleased smile on his face. “Steve.” she whispered. He quickly looked up. “I should go ahead and put her down. Thank you both for playing with her.” Ms. Honey whispered, reaching between the couple and easily lifting Ellie onto her hip. She gently laid her into a crib with a piece of paper taped to the front and her name spelled out in perfect cursive. Steve stood and helped Tony to his feet. Tony held his hand, a small smile on his face as well.
“Tony I’m not an idiot. I know that. I didn’t mean physically have a baby...adoption is a thing.” Steve trailed off quietly, leaning back to join his partner against the plush pillows against the headboard.Steve turned on his side to reach over and gently thread his fingers into Tony’s. “We could be good dads. Just imagine us with a little one.” Steve whispered, blue eyes staring into hazel. Tony sighed shifting the bed slightly. He rested his hand on Steve’s hips, a look of sincerity evident on his handsome features.
Steve nodded grabbing one of the slices from the stack and taking a bite. “Yes please.” He mumbled around his mouth full of pizza Tony tsked, grinning.
Find me on Tumblr,
“Okay, so, we’re going to the park. Maybe we’ll get ice cream, maybe not. We’ll get lunch for sure. And then...well we have time. We can either come back here or take her back. I wanted her to meet the team, but I don’t know if she’ll be tired, and I don’t want her to be overwhelmed by a whole bunch of new faces, so we can hold that part off if need be.” Steve explained simply,  eyes darting up at the ceiling as he thought, and then back to the hazel pools of Tony’s.
“There isn’t much we can do. Maybe we should just head back to the tower for a quiet afternoon and give her lots of cuddles and some ice for her gums.” Steve said sitting down and frowning at Tony. Tony frowned back and climbed into the other side, telling Happy to head back to the tower. Both men looked over Ellie, who chewed restlessly on her hand, cheeks tinged pink. Steve smiled sadly at her and ran his fingers through her short, brown locks. Tony also looked her over, mouth crooked to the side and eyebrows drawn together. “We’ll make a whole thing of it. We can get some ice cream, and watch some movies and get some quality time in.”
“Yeah, that might be a good idea.” The spindly teenager was off before she even finished her sentence, running as quickly as his feet could carry him across the warm afternoon sand. Natasha looked down at the girl in her arms and chuckled, setting her book down and turning her to sit on her lap. “Did you say dada? Are you feeling talkative?” she whispered, smiling down at her. Ellie blubbered into a string of giggles, turning in Natasha’s grasp as the guys ran sprinted over, all of them wide-eyed and flushed from the summer sun.
“Well, I’ve always wanted to be an older brother. I think I’d be pretty good at it.” Peter boasted, chest puffed out and standing tall.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright, that about does it. I bet you’re ready for bed, huh?” He asks, picking up a soft pink towel from the toilet top. He lifts her from the cooling water as it drains, wraps her in the plush towel, and carries her off to the nursery. Steve dresses her in a simple red onesie, per instruction from Marcellina that Ellie ‘runs hot’. By the time Steve has her dressed, her damp curls tamed and braided, and her teeth brushed, Ellie is a dozing mess. Her head bobs uncontrollably, and she whines each time it falls against her chest or shoulder.
Peter spoke up, confused. “But wait!” They stopped their celebration and eyed Peter.
“How about the ball. Do you want to play with the ball, Ellie?” Steve asked softly, picking up the blue ball in his hands, his tone light and sweet. Tony scoffed playfully and reached for the car.
“What’s goin’ on?” He grumbles out. Steve holds the back of his hand against her forehead and hums.
“Should I…?” he asked quietly, almost like an intimidated child, as he leaned toward Natasha. She easily handed her to him, instructing him to sit her on the table so she was sitting straight up. Steve did as he was told and sat Ellie on the table as she continued to happily suckle at her popsicle. “Okay, kiddo. You just have to take your pain medicine so your mouth will feel better again.” he whispered, slipping the tip of the syringe between her popsicle stained lips. Ellie scrunched up her face in confusion but allowed Steve to press the plunger down. Surprisingly, she barely flinched and swallowed the medication along with a bit of popsicle. “You’re such a good girl. I’m sorry we startled you.” He said, patting her head affectionately. “We’ll get better. We’re just a little nervous is all.” Ellie blinked at him and removed the half melted remnants of her frozen treat to offer some to him with a sweet smile. Steve couldn’t resist smiling back.
“I…” Steve looked at Tony and smiled a bit harder, handing her the toy. “We got you this. As proof that we plan to do all the work, it takes to not only be good dads but to be the best dads. So, we’re going to file to officially be your foster parents. It’s going to take some time, but before long, you’ll be able to come home with us for good.” He says, leaning on the frame of the car door. Ellie holds the stuffed rabbit close to her, armed wrapped around its neck tightly as she beams down at him like he’s hung the moon.
. See you next Tuesday!
Sorry for the like 3 month long hiatus. Real life shit hit me a lot harder than I expected to and I kind of died for a little bit. Anyway, here is the end chapter. I’m not going to create a schedule for uploading because I know better than to play myself. My work schedule is all over the place and I don’t want to get anyone’s hopes up and not be able to fulfill my promise. As usual, if you head over to my tumblr
“No way, she totally wants the red shiny car, right Ellie?” He said, offering the plastic car to the toddler, who looked at them both in confusion for a moment. After a second of mental deliberation, she quickly crawled over to Tony and reached for the red car, gray eyes shining excitedly. Tony smirked triumphantly and gave the toy to her. Steve pouted slightly, setting the ball back down on the floor with a huff of air through his nostrils. Ellie excitedly rolled the toy over the carpet before giving it to Steve, beaming expectantly.
“HI!” she squeaked, not particularly at anyone just yet. Steve chuckled.
“Sorry Mr. Stark, I should have been a bit faster” Peter said sheepishly. Tony shook his head and patted him on the shoulder.
“Don’t have bad table manners like your Papa, kid.” Tony teased, heading out of the kitchen briskly. Steve watched her shovel piece after piece of pizza into her mouth quickly, decorating her face and t-shirt with bright red tomato sauce until her plate was empty. “Wow, look, you finished all your food!” Steve complimented, making her grin for a moment before she promptly swiped the plate off onto the floor and watched as it clattered against the dark wood and rolled underneath the table, sending her into peals of loud laughter. Steve gasped. “Ellie, don’t throw your plate.” Tony re-entered the kitchen a second later, eyebrow cocked at the pair.
Tony nodded his head in understanding as the pair took a couple seconds to look over to Ellie’s crib. The toddler was completely tuckered out and lying on her stomach with her face tilted awkwardly to the side. Her red blanket had begun to wrap around her legs, and surely enough, the brown bunny was tucked into the crook of her arm. Steve tiptoed over, unwound her from her blanket confides and re-tucked her in. Both he and Tony left as quietly as they could, but not without placing a goodbye kiss on her forehead.
“Oh no, I hear crying.” Steve remarked, carrying two plates in his hand, stacked with slices of pizza. He set the plates down on the kitchen table and swiped a piece of cheese to take over to the counter.
(See the end of the chapter for
Also, Natasha called Ellie sweetie in Russian.
Steve watched her sleep for a moment, mulling the question over in his head as she rose and fell with his breathing. “I don’t think her sister will let her forget. I don’t want her to forget either. Her parents are a vital part of her identity and who she is.” Tony yawned and nodded, cuddling against Steve’s shoulder.
“Tomorrow? Jesus Tony, isn’t that a bit fast?” She wondered aloud, sitting straight up. Tony shook his head, mentally counting the amount of time he and Steve had been pondering the idea.
She and Peter spent the remainder of the afternoon playing in the waves, building sand castles (more like Peter the building sandcastles and Ellie knocking them over mischievously), collecting more seashells (which Ellie was quick to run over to one of the team and offer them as gifts) and of course, she was covered in sand, small pieces of seaweed and red syrup from where she’d shared a snow cone with Peter. But, it was getting close to time for her to have dinner and get into bed, and he was sure that Peter needed to be home soon.
Ellie copied him and mumbled. “Nariz.” Steve chuckled at her attempt to parrot him, but couldn’t resist the eye roll he felt coming on at Tony.
Wow. I cannot believe 1,000+ people have read this story. I am super stoked to keep it up. I apologize for the late upload, I have been extremely sick all week and I did not have the energy to do much of anything, other than sleep. Today I finally had enough energy to put this together, since I have been wanting to introduce Marcellina for a good minute.
Tony and Steve get a surprise awakening, that leads to Tony opening up about what it means for him to be a dad.
“Tony! We’re ready for you!” Steve calls. The genius is by their side in a moment, still chewing. Steve tucks Ellie into her crib for the first time. He pulls the lavender, mermaid patterned blanket up to her chin and pets her hair.
Marcellina lit a cigarette and took a long drag, blowing the smoke away from the two men seated in next to her. With a small noise to clear her throat, she began.
“See, she even eats well. Went straight for the fruit. What a straight arrow kid.” Tony mentioned, crossing his arms over his chest in triumph. Steve ignored him, reaching for his own sandwich as Bruce, Clint, and Natasha started their conversation back up. Tony continued gushing over Ellie as she ate, though she was very much ignoring him and focusing purely on the food in front of her. Tony eventually reached over and grabbed a sandwich of his own, still beaming with pride at Ellie.
(See the end of the chapter for
So, they waited. Tony and Steve decided to sit out back on a swinging bench, Steve’s head leaned into Tony’s shoulder.
“What really happened to your parents?” Tony prods. Steve huffs out a disapproving breath, mumbles his name with a hiss because it’s inappropriate, and nudges him hard in the ribs. Marcellina waves him off.
“That…would mean she said her first word, to us.” Steve managed to croak out in astonishment. Tony looked at Ellie in disbelief.
“It’s okay Ellie. I’m not going to leave you.” Steve whispered. Tony reached over from the other side of the bed and placed a pink pacifier decorated in pastel flowers between her lips. She calmed almost instantly, and the two men exhaled loudly before locking eyes. Both of them chuckled as they watched the pacifier bobbing in and out of her mouth and her face relax. Steve nudged him playfully.
Steve sat quietly on the bench in the park after a solo run. His deep blue eyes settled on the New York horizon as the sun rose slowly, bathing the city in bright orange rays. He let out a small sigh as he watched a woman run by, pushing a stroller. His eyes lingered a bit longer than he expected and he sighed again. Sam plunked himself onto the bench next to him, huffing heavily as he caught his breath.
“Oh, sweetie that’s so nice of you. It’s okay, you can have the car.” Steve said quickly, suddenly flustered. In a flash, Ellie stood on wobbly legs and quickly waddled over to another pile of toys and returned with a blue plastic car, and handed it to Tony this time. The two of them shared a look.
“I’m rarely every sure about anything Pep. I...can’t know that until I’ve tried. I can for sure say, I do want to try though, for Steve’s sake at least.” Tony looked back down, with a small sigh. Pepper nodded at his words and a bit of silence fell over the two of them for a moment. She stood to her feet, adjusting her skirt and blouse. WIth a quick check of her watch, she reached across to pat his hand.
“Alright, let’s go through the whole plan again.” Tony mentioned half a piece of toast in his hand. Steve reached for the remote and turned the tv off, sitting up to face his partner.
While searching a local department store for a gift for Bruce’s upcoming birthday, his eyes wandered over to the children’s section. He looked over all of the cute little clothing sets. T shirts, dresses, little pairs of shoes.
The car ride was a quiet one. In all honesty, Tony was falling asleep. He’d spent most of the night in the lab, mostly because he needed to keep his mind off of the kid to keep from having an anxiety attack. He was doing a damn good job too since Steve hadn’t picked up on the couple of time Tony’s hand shook while they rode. He closed his eyes and recounted everything he’d done last night to keep his mind busy. Tony spent upwards of 7 hours rewriting code for a new repulsor for another suit, and another 3 hours just working on paperwork Pepper had delivered two weeks ago. Steve noticed his eyes slipping shut every now and again and smiled softly. He pulled Tony into him, causing the engineer to sign and lean his head into his shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hi!” She yelled in his ear. Peter was quick to hug her back, even though he flinched.
“Dada!” She copied again, smiling so hard they could see both of her dimples. Peter flinched and looked to Natasha for help.
Steve headed up to their floor, retrieving a box of plastic blocks, a train track decorated carpet, some toy cars, and a ride on toy shaped like a lion. He could hear the shower running, so at least Tony was up. He headed back up to the communal floor, breathing out a sigh of relief when he found Ellie and Peter in the kitchen as the toddler tried to open the drawers, awkwardly tugging at the handle above her head.
“Alright, love birds. I’m going to get a cavity if I keep looking at all this sappy snuggling. Let’s eat.” Steve rolled his eyes.
“Can you say it again? Say, up Ellie.” Tony commanded. The toddler blinked her big gray eyes at him in confusion. “C’mon kid. Up. Maybe she’ll say it if you do it again.” Tony wondered, shooting Steve a look. Steve complied, tossing her up a few feet and listening to her delighted giggles as she landed in his arms again. The pair waited as her laughter quieted again, and silence fell over them. Ellie stared at Steve, still grinning like she’d won the lottery, as the two men stared at her. She looked between them, looking slightly confused. “Alright, I give up. I’m starving. Let’s get lunch.” Tony says impatiently, eyes looking over to the clock sitting on the dresser, before heading out of the room. Steve adjusts her on his hip and pauses.
“Well, thank you, Ellie. That’s was...very nice of you.” Tony said, reaching out to pat her head. The rest of the play session continued, the three eventually ending up tossing the ball around, playing more peek a boo, and ending with a lot of tickling and laughter. As Ellie lay between the two catching her breath, she rubbed her eyes with a closed fist and suddenly yawned. Her once bright gray eyes were drooping, and quickly.
Wanna connect with me? You can find my tumblr
“Yeah, I’ll take you out on a big boat. How does that sound?” Tony added, patting her back. Ellie continued to frown and leaned her head on Steve’s shoulder and popping her thumb into her mouth. “It’ll be great kid.”
“Not sure. She doesn’t have a fever.” Ellie quiets into whimpers as Steve dries her cheeks. “There you go. You’re okay.” She fists her eyes, whining and snuggling into Steve’s shoulder.
“I think it’ll all be okay in the end. I think...we’ll figure it out as we go and that’ll be that. I just... don’t want to repeat the mistakes my father made.” Tony commented. Steve turned his head to plant a kiss among the soft, dark curls on Tony’s head.
“Mr. Stark?” Peter stammered quietly. Tony hummed, leaning back against his chair, but not turning to face the young teen. “Can I ask you a question?”
“I don’t think she gets that one Steve.” he snickered.
“I just looked into something I thought you might appreciate.” Sam pointed out. Oddly enough, Steve went for the unknown file, out of pure curiosity. Opening it slowly, he skimmed quickly over the first page of information, his azure eyes shooting up quickly to eye his friend before darting back down to the papers in his hands. He had to clear his throat before he spoke.
“You’re such a big girl, using your fork so nicely!” Steve praised.
Steve and Tony get some hands-on experience with Ellie for the first time.
“I...didn’t know Ellie could talk.” Steve said, looking at her with wide eyes. Tony came over slowly, looking at Steve, then Ellie.
“Okay, okay. Papa is going to take you to the water. Just hold on okay? Daddy is not a big fan of large bodies of water.” He soothed as Ellie squirmed and wiggled, trying to get free of his hold, occasionally holding a hand out to Natasha, who would lean over and pet her hair. Steve slathered her down in children’s sunscreen, changed her into a swim diaper and a swimsuit patterned in flamingos and palm trees and alternated between trying to console her, and wondering if she was just tired.
“Alright, let me do the honors mister.” Tony whispers, nudging him aside and leaning down to kiss Ellie’s forehead. “Sweet dreams, short stack.”
“They’re going to scare the shit out of her if they don’t stop.” She grumbled, standing to her feet and sauntering over to easily pluck the toddler from their grasp. Ellie continued wailing, snuggling her damp, beet red face into the safety of Natasha’s neck. “She’s not choking.” She declared, rubbing Ellie’s back in soothing circles and bouncing her gently. “She must’ve bitten down on something hard. She’s holding her cheek for God’s sake.” Three pairs of eyes blinked at her in recognition. She turned so they could get a glimpse and surely enough, her tiny hand was still pressed against her chubby cheek. Steve sighed hard and ran a hand down his face.
“Up!” Ellie squeals excitedly, smiling brightly at Steve and flinging her arms up dramatically. The two men quickly looked at each other.
“Maybe she just wanted you.” Tony says, grinning a bit.
“The beach, what does that have to do with anything?”
“A baby? Like a physical baby? I don’t know if you had sex ed back in your day, but we don’t exactly have the parts required for that job.” Tony said, leaning back against the pillows behind him, with a small smirk tugging at his lips. Steve rolled his eyes and deadpanned him.
Alright, you guys can roast me for being a shit bag and posting this chapter MONDO late. BUT to apologize, again, I want to do something special this week. Since I'm on Spring Break and I have no life and did not go home, I'm going to put up a straw poll every day on Tumblr. You guys will have the chance to decide if I post a chapter of the story OR a one-shot set in the future (even though I said I would not post one-shots, because they could potentially spoil upcoming parts of the story) and it'll be posted at night. That means either a chapter or a one-shot every day! Woo! As a result, there isn't a tidbit for this chapter (you can kill me now lol). Anyway, as usual, thanks for the support! Here is my Tumblr. Tomorrow's straw poll will be up around 11 AM, Eastern Time.
“Ellie has a guest?” Steve asked, purely curious. If there was another couple looking to adopt her, surely the agency would have told them no, right? Steve frowned. The receptionist waved him off, smiling.
That night, Steve sat down on the edge of the bed as Tony exited the shower. His partner dried his short brown hair haphazardly with a towel, a stark phone in his hand and a confused look in his deep brown eyes. Steve sat quietly, stock still as he turned the soft rabbit over and over in his hands, fingering a white satin ribbon that was tied around its neck.
“We could plan something in case of an emergency. Other than shield missions, I don’t do much. I could watch the baby most of the time. And if I get called out Natasha loves kids. And Clint has plenty of experience. We can figure it out, together. Just...can you think about it? Please?” Steve asked, giving him a pleading look as he used his thumb to caress Tony’s rough palm. Tony could not say no to that look. He crumbled under the pressure and huffed.
“The same way I track Bucky sightings. I’ve got people in high places.” Steve took a deep breath as he closed the file a second time and leaned his head on his hand.
“Steve, you do know Tony would do anything for you, right? And I mean anything. The man adores you. He’d find a way to watch the kid if both of you were gone. Plus you’ve got a whole team of people. We rarely all get called out together.” Sam offered, taking another long gulp of water. After a second of silence as the world awoke around them, he set his water bottle down and stretched his legs. “Look Steve. We only get so long in this life to do what we want with those we love. I think...the two of you could be damn good parents, and if that’s your dream, why not go after it? At least think about it man.” Steve leaned back into the bench and sighed.
“You gonna...look at those some time in this millenia?” Sam teased, a playful smile blooming on his face.
“Oh, uh hi Ellie.” Peter mumbled. She squirmed out of his arms and was back to running around the living room before he could even blink. Steve watched, shaking his head to himself. “Well, that was affectionate for a baby.”
“What if that was her first word?” Tony guessed. Steve looked at him eyes growing wider at the possibility.
Marcellina tells Tony and Steve the whole story, from the top this time.
“It’s okay. I did say anything after all.” Marcellina took a deep breath and opened her eyes to peer up at the stars before she spoke “Let’s just start at the beginning, shall we?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You didn’t even do anything yet.” Tony joked, leaning against the wall. Steve shot him an annoyed look and pulled the skirt portion of her dress up and tugged down the little pink shorts she was wearing underneath.
Steve receives news that changes everything.
“Why two?” Steve questioned, furrowing his eyebrows in confusion as he takes another bite of his post run breakfast.
Feel free to send questions, comments or concerns!
“Good. Then I’m sure you won’t mind hanging out with us at the beach in a couple of days.”
“You really need to start sleeping more.” Steve chided, leaning his head into the downy mess of Tony’s hair. He just mumbled something quietly and dozed off. When they arrived, Steve tapped Tony to wake him up. The loving couple headed straight in. The desk clerk handed them a sign-out sheet to fill out, and once it was completed, she paged Olivia, who carried a rather upset looking Ellie out on her hip. The young blonde smiled sadly.
“Steve this is something I’ve never really considered. I’d really have to think about it. I mean I know you would be a good dad, but growing up under Howard makes me question if I can ever be one. Plus with work and being an Avenger and-“ Steve cut him off with a shake of his head.
“What’s gotten into you today?” Steve asked, only to be met with more whining. “Okay, okay.” He mumbled, pulling on pink glitter sneakers and pressing down the velcro. “There ya go.” He set her on her face and she quickly toddled back over to him, beaming widely and holding her arms to be picked up, which he obliged as he packed his towel into his backpack. Steve sat there for a moment, just flabbergasted by her.
“Good to know our minds are in the same place.” Tony said simply. Steve furrowed his eyebrows and then raised them sharply.
Steve’s next. He leans over the bars and kisses both of her cheeks. Tony grumbles that he’s a showoff. “Goodnight Angel. I love you.” The dads leave the room together, hand in hand, and gently shut her door.
“It’s okay Ellie. Come here, baby.” Steve lifts her into his arms and rests her on his hip. He sways her, patting her back and gently shushing her. Tony stumbles in a moment later, blinking tiredly and squinting at the pair.
“Okay. Please be very gentle. The salt in the water may burn her eyes, so try to keep her face dry.” Peter held her like she was made of glass and after a few minutes of wandering around, leaned backward and floated, with Ellie sitting on his chest.
Thanks, guys for the continued support! I decided that for now, we're going to keep it to one chapter per week because school is kicking my ass. I may post another chapter this week because my birthday was Saturday and I had some extra time to get more ahead in my writing. I also just want you guys to know that there are three more works I am in the midst of putting together that are based off this fic that I just can't post yet, including one with a lot of StevexBucky and Peter being a really cute older brother (is that a spoiler?).
“How long do you think it will take them to realize she’s not choking?” Clint asked, leaning his head on his hand while he watched the chaos unfold in front of them. Natasha snorted and mumbled something in Russian under her breath.
“I think that’s an adorable idea, old man. Let’s...let’s go through with it Steve.” Tony felt Steve flinch. Silence fell over the couple as they embraced on the nursery floor, listening to the birds chirp outside.
“Steve Rodgers” Steve spoke quickly, reaching forward and shaking her hand firmly.
“Don’t you worry about that. I think you’ll be an amazing dad.”
“Where are we going, the nursery or our room?” Tony asked quietly. Steve gestured to the side of the hall with their room and Tony lead the way. He pulled the sheets back, and Steve slowly laid her down into the sheets. Ellie whimpered, squirming for a moment as her thumb slipped from her mouth. Steve quickly reached forward, shushing her, and rubbing her tummy.
. I can’t imagine what that would be like as a kid. Do you think she’ll remember them?”
“Uh, should I call Mr. Stark? He might want to hear that.”
“What?”
“Okay, Ellie. It’s about time we get you back.” Steve explained softly as he picked the girl up and settled her on his hip. She frowned at him. The men eyed each other. “It’s okay. We’ll come back next week and we’ll do something fun this time. Maybe the beach! Do you like the ocean? There are fish and seashells…” Steve rambled, carrying her over to the elevators. He pressed the button to head back down to the garage as Tony sent Happy a quick text and slipped into the elevator with him.
“Nope. I’m not sharing.” He huffed, a protective hand settling around her stomach. Ellie looked back at him in confusion.
Steve had more than baby fever, he had a baby wildfire brewing in his heart.
“I wish I could, but I have somewhere to be. Anyway, that summer we went to Hawaii for my birthday, Chris’ treat. When we got back, mom got really sick all of a sudden. And that was the way she stayed for a few months. Always sore, swollen, and tired. One morning in January, she said her back ached so back, she felt like she was being ripped in two. Chris was away for work, so I took her into the hospital, even though my mom hated hospitals. Two hours later, I had a baby sister.” The sounds of a summer night washed over them as Marcellina stopped talking again. She stubbed her cigarette out on the arm of the bench, brushed away the ash and found a small trash can to deposit the butt into before she sat down again.
Anger went to sit on the edge chair and kept an eye on Joy.
tell me what you think :) I know sometimes things may feel a bit rushed, that seems to just more be my style of writing now though. I welcome feedback!
“Love you too.” He kissed him on the side of his head.
“What?”
Steve’s heart was beating hard in his chest, which meant adrenaline, which meant he could grab the gun in time before Tony could use it – but he didn’t want to have to force it. He didn’t want to wrestle him to the ground or anything. But he would.
“Got it?” She said, and Anger looked disgruntled.
DO WE NEED
Oh shit.
“Y-yes I do know it.” Only one of the most popular Christmas songs. Ever.
“Yea, I know what I’m doing,
“And…”
“Yea?”
“I just
Steve only saw out of the corner of his eye, thankful for his expert perception, that Tony swayed when he got up from the sofa, and his knees fell to the floor with a groan.
“You just fucking want me. Got a crush, Rogers?”
activity, affecting Tony’s body.
Well, parts of it anyway.
“Steve…” Tony breathed out, the pain increasing exponentially in his abdomen through to his back.
Anger grumbled a bit more and went over to his corner to flop down in his seat.
,” Tony exclaimed, anguished, and then he fainted on the bed.
“Oh – really?”
Tony knew there was pain. Distantly, he felt the scorching through his lungs and throat, and the bile in his stomach. But then he luckily passed out.
“You think this might be…related to your sickness or something?”
“Oh yea,” Tony said, looking up at him. Steve concentrated as Tony put his hand over his as well, and he felt a slight movement from inside.
“I fail to see how that is your choice to make.
A few days later, after keeping a not-so-subtle eye on Tony, he noticed he wasn’t eating much. Steve made sure he usually ate with them in the evenings, or whoever was around, but if he talked much, then it was only to disguise that he wasn’t eating that much. He looked tired.
“I would recommend an ultrasound scan to get a clearer insight, before an X-ray is necessary, boss.”
to get some more sleep; one night he drifted off nearly as soon as he hit the pillows, throwing Steve’s arm off once or twice because he was too hot. Steve was annoying in bed sometimes. Tony suspected that Steve was conscious of this, but again, his mood
Steve followed him, as they fought with more of the troops guarding the collection of bombs they had illegally been keeping (and making).
“No I’m not!” Steve protested.
and is it too good to be true, he questions the heavens again as Steve helps thrust him up and down on his lap,
There was an array of stories and experiences by people. Scrolling down, he saw she was right. Everyone who experienced trauma of a similar kind have the same kind of feelings, but everyone behaves differently and finds different things that do or don’t help them. There are different outlooks. Several of suicidal anonymous’ which have plenty of supporting messages on the thread, but proper discussions about it as well. About how people don’t understand. The frustration. The bitter anger. The low self-worth. Feeling it’s not worth it.
They got into conversation easily enough. It seemed to flow between them, they didn’t talk over each other too much, but were polite, well, more on Steve’s side, and they could understand each other, funnily enough, and... it was
“Tony,” Steve said seriously, eyeing the gun and looking searchingly in Tony's face, his palms already stretching in a seemingly anxious way, like he was tense and ready to snatch at any time.
“Ughh!” Tony moaned, “I can’t believe you’re making me do work. That, I consider work. You really are like a mean old teacher.”
“Anytime.”
NO, put the damn morphine
“I knew I liked you as soon as we met, before I knew I had met my soulmate. I was really disappointed when I realised it wasn’t going to be you, but then I saw your other wing – I forgot only one of yours is natural…and – y'know, I could paint it for you.”
“Ok, I think we should just…”
Steve struggles to admit the connection at first, but he knows it’s there; like he can’t help feeling tied to Tony, like a wire. He tries not to think about it too much. But reality is, nearly all his thoughts are revolved around Tony, or existential questions about his place in the world.
Tony leaned in and pecked him on the lips. Natasha left, muttering something about being ‘too sappy for Christmas’ but she was smiling secretly.
Steve let that sink in a bit.
“He’s right.”
“What, Steve? What if it’s serious?”
“We’re a team, remember, Anger?” Joy said more softly, “We work together. But we don’t need much from you on this one. You don’t have to be in charge all the time. This isn’t a battle.”
“I’ll be here,” Steve says matter-of-factly, nodding absentmindedly.
It was as if there was something stuck in his throat, but he’d run out of breath. Steve was doubtful, but he had to try anything he could. He pried Tony’s mouth open, couldn’t even stop to appreciate his lips, as he nervously bent down. He sucked in a powerful breath, rested on Tony’s lips and blew into his mouth.
“Of course I like you,” he says, obviously.
Steve thought he might faint when he first heard the high-pitched cry. Their baby was born healthily, and Tony was tired and recovering from the procedure, which would take some time. Right now he was enjoying time with the feel of his baby cuddling up to him, letting out cries every now and then, and had been fed with bottled-formula milk.
Tony took his hand and slowly slid it down Steve’s arm to his hand, and held it closer to his body, biting his lip. “Does anything feel wrong, Rogers?”
Tony looked around, not really wanting to be bothered by Steve at the minute, and then turned to him.
“Even if I want you to?”
,” Steve said mournfully, and then sniffed, and Tony realised he was crying. He was trying to decipher what he was saying. He seemed to be the only person in the room.
“And as far as we know, it is safe, but there’s still a lot to learn yet,” Bruce explained.
“Excuse-you, say what now?”
Tony frowned. “Now that you mention it…”
“Bruce just beat me. Again,” Tony said in a sad tone, pouting slightly, as he looked up to Steve in his sunglasses.
“Your hormones are changing,” Bruce said, typing something into the expert machines of the medical lab, designed mostly by Tony, with Friday decoding all the data for them, “Tony, I have no idea what this is. Your
Steve smiles. “It never fails to amaze me…”
“I – I was just worried about you – and – and – I didn’t say much but-” No, he didn’t have to defend it. He was right. “Well, I’m not sorry, actually-”
Tony grumbled.
information. And of course, had accreditation from his personal doctor, Michaels, who referred her. He liked to call her Sandy, never mind what her real name was.
“We’d appreciate discrepancy,” Steve said.
“Be happy, healthy, safe, the whole nine yards, yea, I get it.”
“We did it,” Tony smiled down at their daughter and back at Steve, who had to sit down next to Tony on the bed due to the sheer shock of relief, and of wanting to be close to them both.
Just then, the door to the elevator opened and Steve came in, Dum-e whizzing ahead of him with a wobbly plate of strawberries and cream.
too many – and you can stay on the line to consult as long as you’re not
.” Steve looked daggers at Clint.
The first time they slept together, their wings touched a
“Yep, I…I think it’s just hypotension. Need to…sit down.”
He went over to Tony but he was still, motionless on the ground, and Steve knelt down next to him.
Steve frowned. “Well, duh, Churchill,” Steve scoffed a bit, smiling at the little joke. Ok, it might have gone out of fashion by now.
“Right. I too, like you, as a person,” Tony clarifies, and nods. God, end it now.
“I think it would be good for you to see what other people do to cope. How other people feel. It might give you perspective. Validity. A bit of a weight off your shoulder. Did you look at any of the online forums?”
Sadness was looking glum and just leaning on the table, as always.
“Tony, wait,” Steve called, jogging up to him. Bruce and Natasha had gone into town. “You sure you wanna go alone?”
Everything happened quickly then for Tony.
“Not everything is because of an ulterior motive.”
They were trying their hardest, but so many thoughts and ideas and possibilities and outcomes went through Tony’s head at any given time took a toll on the emotions. Sometimes the emotions tried to take charge, to get things in order, but it was hard and all the emotions were tired at this point – but dammit, they tried, and sometimes that was enough to get Tony by. Just about.
Maybe it’s because of the slight estrangement lately that makes things more desperate, but not rushed, just sensual, hot, and
“Yea, I’m with him, he set off – he, Nat, Tony, he- he’s not responding,” he said, and he shook him again.
“Hang on, what kind of ‘like’ are we talking about?” Steve asks. His head is going in circles.
Steve shook his head, his heartbeat beating loudly in his ears. Tony guided his hand to his waist, and Steve breathed contentedly as his fingers slipped underneath his top and caressed Tony’s golden soft skin, just lightly, sure to tickle, and moving to the lower of Tony’s back, as Tony leaned in closer, so their bodies were nearly touching.
“Yea, he’s probably gonna find out anyway,” Tony mumbled, “But that doesn’t mean you tell him. He can figure it out on his own. That way we can deny it to his face, and we do that thing where he doesn’t ‘know’ but he ‘knows’.”
“Ok…” Steve shrugs and nods, as it seems they’ve at least reached some sort of level ground? “Well, good. Ethics – that’s interesting, yea, erm…Right.”
“Uh, yea, you know I think I’d prefer to – to skip the talking thing. How about we do that negative thought exercise you were going on about.”
Steve realised his face was contorting into a look of seething and disgust (or, jealousy?), and he was grinding his teeth together,
“There you go.” She huffed and sat down next to him.
Tony nodded.
Tony could feel himself going under, and he looked to Steve.
Tony looked at him for a beat, and he looked vulnerable.
“Tony? Hang on,” Steve said desperately, holding him more firmly in his arms, as Tony made croaky sounds and struggled. “Tony, it’s me, please, calm down,” Steve wrestled to calm Tony, and it seemed to work. Steve took a deep breath and thrust back into his abdomen again. A harrowing cough came from Tony, and he was bent over, spitting things out.
Tony, however, was very much conscious. Just not in the way Steve would know. He wished he could squeeze his hand back, or ask him, rather, why the
Steve nodded, and grimaced goodbye as she left the room and he was left alone, looking out the window on the other side of the room, and shuffling his hands on the bed next to Tony’s limp hands, hoping, waiting, not knowing what to do or what to say.
,’” he mimics, “Pull yourself together, Stark.” He shakes his head. “I think I can cry if I want to. Not hurting anyone, is it?” He turns around, looking for anyone to ‘object’. “No? Good. Because not only am I never
UPDATE 2021 - I am not going to properly continue this fic, so am marking it almost complete (4/5). I am thinking of adding another (probably final) chapter to show headcanons/bullet points of my ideas of what happened next :)
. Lots of little ones too, and who knows how dangerous! Did that escape his
“Look, it’s nothing to worry about.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nice,” Clint comments, nodding his head. Tony purses his lips.
Just then, Tony winced and moved his hand to his hip.
“I know.”
“I don’t care about the presents…” Steve begun to sing. His singing wasn’t too bad, actually. Not that he'd let him know that.
“I think you should take a lie down, Tony, you don’t know if this is a sickness or something.”
“Tony!” Steve cried, as he came rushing to his side, his eyes wide. Tony held onto Steve’s arm for support, and couldn’t speak just yet, as Steve patted him on the back and rubbing his neck, trying to help in any way.
Tony had become a bit antsy of late. When Steve would try and coax him out of his work, or even woo him, Tony just got annoyed or snappy at him and said he wanted to be left alone in peace. He grumpily accepted the food Steve had brought him and nearly always got munching on it right away. Steve was either reading or doing training when he wasn’t at Headquarters, and sometimes Sam came round to the tower to stop for a few days, so they could do that together as well, talking about training new initiates, and what else was new, so he kept busy.
‘Woman suing for getting trampled in Black Friday sales rush.’
(See the end of the chapter for
“Steve.”
“She already messaged me. It’s fine, Cap,” Tony said tiredly, and went to do some drying up.
Tony tried not to cry. But when she yawned. It’s like falling in love, over and over again.
Tony saw Friday trying to read the signature on the bombs, which were in the next room, he could see through his infrared. They were too late for most of them. But the most explosive one, the radioactive one, that was the real catastrophe if it got blown up with the others. Tony had to deactivate it.
Talking hadn’t really been the hard part.
Steve looked confused. “I am pleased, Tony, of course I am, it’s just, you don’t…look too ecstatic about it,” he finished when he saw Tony’s expectant face. Tony sighed.
“Ok. Ok, no, yea, I’ll keep an eye on him. Do things. Fun things.”
“What’s this?” Steve asks.
“Steve, what is this? You gotta give me something here.”
Steve looked up, blushing, but chose to ignore it.
“Oh, sure. ‘
“Ok, then, the usual,” Clint said sarcastically, shaking his head, “You know you two are both really weird, right? You’re even more weird when you’re together.”
“Yea, well, you know me. Specially made ultrasounds just for times like these,” Tony smiled sarcastically, and Bruce pursed his lips.
“Just…?” Tony prompted.
Tony noticed that his therapist was very thorough. Well, he paid for it. Someone who didn’t have other priorities. Could do long appointment sessions. Who knew
doing it.
Not long later, Jarvis popped up on his radar device, announcing that people were approaching from 20 metres away, and he turned round to see Steve arguing with
? But he couldn’t do anything. He was paralysed, like in a dream, like he was dying, even floating in a bottomless pit sometimes, and other times contrastingly rigidly still, and it was
“St-Steve,” Tony tried to speak.
“I think we can work with that,” Steve said. “But all that fun you said we were gonna have…”
“Fear! Uh…” he sighed in resentment. This wasn’t going to go well.
Maybe.
“Yes, you 13-year-old dork,” Tony said. It was in a jokey way though, so Steve decided not to be too offended.
Steve had a semi-steady job. The Avengers HQ is where he normally works or trains when he’s not on a mission, and he usually stays at the tower, which is pretty much now his permanent place of residence, preparing missions, reading or also training. He works and sometimes socialises with other agents or employees, goes out occasionally with Sam but not that often because he doesn’t any longer enjoy those kind of ‘normal’ social outings. But he has those he can trust. He’s getting used to life in this century. Even though it still hurts, all of what he's lost, and the challenges of this new life.
Well, that wasn’t
Steve stood there and stared into space.
“There is no chance! Don’t you get that?” Anger said incredulously. Joy looked around all the emotions.
“Holy
“St-st-” he spluttered.
“Tony? Can you hear me?” He shook his shoulders, but he didn’t respond.
“Di’nt know you…cared that…much,” Tony gasped, hiccupping, and holding onto Steve like a lifeline.
“Ok…” Tony says suspiciously, “…I think that’s a bit too much caring. If I’m honest. You might break.”
Steve had been sipping some wine over by the buffet tables at the event when he looked down to see his wing twitch, a normal thing, but then did a double take at his light blue feathers, his keen eyes for detail noticing that the tips of his wings were now white.
“I don't like to feel I've made you uncomfortable, please tell me if I do. But I want to make sure you’re okay. That you get through this. I
But his grumpy demeanour, or tiredness, was still prevailing, and he couldn’t really explain it. He just felt like snapping at Steve sometimes, and it wasn’t just Steve either, almost anyone he swore was just trying to aggravate him, so he shut them down, and isolated himself more when his teammates got annoyed with
Steve blinked several times.
“Oh, I really can’t stay…” Tony slid into Steve’s arms, “But baby, it’s cold.”
FEELINGS ⚠️
“I don’t think. I’m pretty sure I know. It’s like – like I can’t escape it, now I’ve realised it, you know what I mean?”
“I have to pee, be right back.”
get its hand on this…” Rhodey said.
“Who was that man?” Steve asked Tony.
“Sandy!” Steve finally matched to catch her, Tony’s therapist, as she turned around as she was on her way out of the lobby.
Steve gasped and looked up, seeing that Tony’s lips had moved; it wasn’t his imagination.
“George V, of England. It was so exciting. I don’t know why. I guess it never really happened before.”
Steve stared at Tony’s waist as his top slowly rode up. He was standing on top of a chair, reaching to get something on top of the shelf.
“I can’t do it without you,” Steve admitted, his blue doe-eyes woefully worried. “No one can. We need you. I do. And -” Tony was about to interrupt, but he wouldn’t have it, “It’s not just that we need you, we
Steve looked at him, looked down and grimaced. “No, not much, just…”
“I can’t get my shoes on.”
Steve grinded his teeth.
more pleased to be my soulmate.”
and-”
Joy pouted.
to find out.” Tony got off the medical chair and came over to the screens next to Bruce, “Friday, whaddya got?”
“It is,” Steve said, leaning in. Tony felt his breath quicken. He then stroked Tony’s face.
. So wrapped up in each other, they didn’t notice that the tips of their wings were gravitating towards each other, melding together, as they begun to
“What?” Steve asked. Just then, Rhodey knocked on the window and they turned to look at him. Turns out he’d been listening a bit in on their conversation, with the door being a little open.
“I might not do so good in future,” Tony says.
“Natasha! This old man is embarrassing me!”
“Nothing, just sensual, plush lips, oh god…” She collapsed in her seat, “I’m in heaven.”
Joy rolled her eyes onto the ground.
“OK, what if it was… end of the world serious?” Tony looked up at him.
“Tony?”
Tony gasped, taking in breaths, holding his neck because it felt like something was stuck, stopping him from breathing.
you around, how can you not see that?
“Tony’s too proud, you know what he’s like.”
gonna be a fuck up, but also I
“How come you get to feel optimistic?” Joy complained.
(See the end of the chapter for
TRIGGER warning for things like suicidal thoughts and plans, which are serious issues. This chapter and the next is angsty and the fic (both fics actually) are just angsty in general, deep shit, you know. Some things may be drawn from.experiences.but . i try. and if you like this, or just want to share your thoughts and feelings, please comment. it would help. thanks. :)
“With the other Avengers, some of them…know of his situation anyhow, and we keep things pretty tight-knit, so I only told one other person, who I trust, to keep an eye on Tony, because I’m worried about him. I’m really worried. And – I don’t know what to do.”
“Thor, could you er… leave us now?” Steve tried to say politely.
“Squeeze my hand if you can hear me.”
Natasha grabbed him and led him out of the room, while he was arguing, “What? It’s
“No help,” Steve whispered, holding onto Tony who was looking at him…fondly.
Tony nodded, “Yea, I mean, not bad, considering.”
After a while, Tony wanted to talk to Steve.
Anger raised one eyebrow at her.
“Sure, sure, well I’m sending a suit out anyway.”
Steve had carefully, and lovingly painted the tips of Tony’s mechanical wing the same shade of his other one, a golden yellow, and did it so that it matched up. Tony was looking at him while he was doing it, and insisted it didn’t need to be perfect, but Steve thought that it was important, so.
“Well, we mean that as well,” Anger supplied.
They say the tips of your feathers changing colour and glowing is a process. It doesn’t happen right away, but as soon as you meet your soulmate, the process begins. You may feel a tingle, maybe you won’t feel it at all. You might only notice it’s happening the next day. They might feel different. And how do you know who your soulmate is? Well, everybody said, that’s pretty obvious – it’s whoever you met recently who also has changing colour tips on their wings. And since not everyone has soulmates, it’s not likely to happen to more than one pair of soulmates in the same room, at the same time. But it’s not like that
Steve cleared his throat, trying to hide his insecurities, and moved onto a new topic of conversation.
“That’s the idea,” Tony said, pouring their drinks.
“Great,” Bruce sighed, and Natasha put her arm on his shoulder.
POSSIBILITY OF ATTACHMENT ⚠️
Anger walked along the front of the desk militarily, his arms behind his back.
She frowned. “What about?”
“And I meant sexual tension!” Clint called out, cause he just
“Well, welcome to the 21
He could throw this gun into the sea. Probably wanna walk to wear the sea was deeper against the cliffs, though. Actually, that could harm wildlife. And what if someone found it? Hmm.
Bruce spread the gel over Tony’s stomach while he held his shirt up and started rubbing the transducer over his stomach. Tony held his breath, suddenly more scared than he thought, and he wanted Steve.
– oh my
She sighed, “Guess that’s what nearly every woman since the dawn of time has had to go through. Now you know how they feel,” Natasha says, flicking through her magazine.
“Friday, send Steve up,” Tony ordered, “And I want some of those nice strawberries and cream things…Pretty please?”
“What is it? Are you ok?”
“No one is going to hurt him. He’s mine,” Anger said, rubbing his hands together.
Steve was appearing in the love island. The emotions were in shock. Joy saw this as an opportunity.
And they remained that way for the rest of the night, even when Tony went to bed, alone, and still on a high, fairly unable to rest.
“Cap? Are you with Stark?” Natasha’s busy voice rang through, but he couldn’t see anyone when he looked around, he only saw smoke, debris, and heard distant fighting.
“What?”
“You haven’t done too much this Christmas, right? Because you know I don’t care about getting ‘the best present ever’ as everyone seems to think is most important. The only thing I need is for us to be together.”
“Guys-”
“Absolutely noth-”
And hey, the walls were soundproof.
“Yea, sure,” Steve said easily, as he brushed the sand off his shorts and smiled faintly at him.
“None of your goddammed business," Tony said, cutting Steve off and looking dead at Barton.
“No, Steve, it’s fine… I appreciate the gesture. You really sure there’s nothing wrong?” He asked, smiling slightly slyly.
The man nodded again.
“Yep.”
Tony took in a deep breath, filling up his lungs, only a slight ache in his healing ribs, before slowly letting it out again, tapping his finger against his thigh.
“Yea, why not. Sounds fun.”
Steve said, quietly but so it could clearly be heard in the small hospital room, with light pouring in the window, showing the countryside outside.
Tony smiled to himself, and put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. He didn’t bat it away, but looked at Tony nervously.
“It’s from the Christmas song, do you know it?”
“You know, there are other things we could be doing…” Tony said, looking off into the distance. Steve frowned at him, then his eyes widened, then he frowned again. What? What was that supposed to mean?!
OK, it had been a while since that revelation, but still – how did that happen? It made him more questioning than anything. He couldn’t well kill himself while there was still a mystery such as that playing over in his mind. Honestly.
“Tony, you’re being uncharacteristically quiet.”
“I know, because you’re a very decent person,” Tony said, patting Steve’s arm, “I just – I don’t how to admit that I…Oh God. I kinda…maybe…had a, er, experimental period in my life where I had a crush on you.”
He was worried. Panicked, sometimes. He woke up suddenly several nights from a dream that Tony had done it, he’d killed himself, he was holding him dead, unseeing and bleeding in his arms, and he hadn’t been able to stop it. It filled him so completely with dread, and he was grateful to Jarvis for reassuring him that Tony was alive and safe in the tower. Though he still worried about what Tony was doing, what was going through his mind, whether he really was getting better – or getting worse, without anyone knowing it.
“Not sure…don’t want to administer unnecessary…morphine.” A doctor (presumably) said.
“Oh, you know. Fine,” Tony said flippantly.
, to keep beating and breathing as he stayed with him, and preferably keep clenching his hand back too. Cause it felt warm, and
“Yea, of course,” Tony says, “Go save the world or whatever it is you do in the world of espionage. Have fun.”
to tell anyone, so…”
“Does it ever…hurt?” Steve asked tenderly.
“Can I ask you about feminism?”
“What are you looking at?”
“I’m sorry, Steve, about earlier,” Natasha said quietly, standing a small distance. Steve looked to her. He was tense; coiled up like a wire, and he could so easily snap, but it wasn’t her fault, it wasn’t anyone’s, and that wouldn’t do any help right now. He just needed Tony to be safe, to be
“Yes, I’m aware Tony invited you all to come along,” Sandy said, and thought about what to say next, about what Tony had told the others about their meetings, “And yes, I visit Tony weekly, but I occasionally have other business in the Tower, so that may be why you see me about.”
When Tony shooed his ‘man’ to the elevator and saw him off, only then did Steve notice. Huh. They all knew that one of Tony’s wing was long damaged and he had repaired, or mostly replaced it with one he built himself, with fairly good resemblance to the other beaming red-feathered wing, but always had a shinier glow to it, as it clearly wasn’t the same natural material, as it was mechanically made.
“I mean, don’t get me wrong – even without the actual giving birth, pregnancy is really, like, tricky, and sometimes just uncomfortable, and confusing, I mean you really
“I…want you, Tony. As my soulmate. We’re - we’re meant to be together.”
“Ok. Tony?”
“You really…think you love me.”
Does he overthink? Probably.
“No, Tony…” Steve rubbed his back, supporting most of Tony’s weight, “Don’t…It’s gonna be okay.” Tears were forming in his eyes, and he couldn’t even help it.
Tony gasped, before he caught on with it.
Steve smiled.
Steve sighed and rubbed his eyebrow.
Tony looks at her, nodding.
“Steve would not betray us.”
“Ok, ok cowboy slow down – one at a time, yeah?”
Steve took a step closer, and Tony tensed, his hand tightening around his gun without realising it.
“I have to,” Tony said, activating his beamer in his hand.
“I feel optimistic about today,” Fear said.
Bruce came over to them. “I need to run a few more tests. Everything looks good so far,” he said, pleased. Tony nodded, and Bruce leaned over as Tony carefully handed his new-born over into Bruce’s gentle arms, as he smiled down at her, and cooed at her while taking her away to a temporary cot to do a cheek swab and the like.
Joy decided to put up a picture of Tony’s smile at the front of Steve’s mind to make things easier.
want you.”
“Steve,” his voice was still small, which annoyed him. “Eheh,” he cleared his throat, tapping his chest. “Um, I er, this might be a bit awkward, but…I heard what you said. Well, some things anyway.”
“Ok, that’s enough.” Joy shut up.
Tony let out a fresh bout of crying noises.
Tony nodded, then sighed. He felt a slight contraction every now and then, which was his body preparing, or at least trying to prepare, for the birth.
“Pick me up, then.”
“Ok,” Steve breathed.
“Am not.”
Tony waited, as Steve fidgeted with the drawing in his hand.
“What about Fury?” Maria asks.
Tony nodded emotionally, blinking tears once again. He then got up and rushed to Rhodey to crush him in a hug, knocking him over slightly. Rhodey smiled and patted his back.
Trusting and confiding in others, apart from his therapist who he had on good authority had sworn secrecy, was just something he didn’t
“I know,” Tony smiled,” I – well, of course, I did get some presents-”
Tony smiled, feeling better. “Yea. You’d need me.”
“What about the press?” Clint asked, thinking strategically, “Thinking to play it out as adoption? Or have we not got that far in thinking yet?”
“We seem to have a, uh, downstairs problem,” Anger said. Fear looked back to the control panel in fear.
“It’s going to be fine,” Thor said, rubbing Steve’s shoulders.
Tony felt better since he had Jarvis set up a mini radar on his phone and any other devices he wants, so he would know if anyone was approaching, so he wouldn’t get caught unexpected. He kept flinching, and it was beginning to really annoy him. He’d rather avoid any surprises where he can.
Tony looked at him fondly. “I won’t. Promise.”
Tony held onto his stomach and groaned heavily.
Tony raised his eyebrows.
He was literally screaming.
“You’re pregnant.”
Natasha sighed and sat on the edge of her lounger.
“Never busy for you,” Steve says quietly. Tony strokes his face, and Steve shuts his eyes blissfully, and then he bares his neck as Tony sucked under his jaw, and he squeezes Tony’s butt, biting his lips in want.
, if Tony was hurt, he’d never forget, never forgive himself…
“Oh, please don’t-”
“We did. Well, you did most of it. I’m so proud of you.”
“Uh, yea, wow, you couldn’t
Steve and Tony had agreed to a date. A proper date, just them two, no interruptions, no world that needs saving.
“N-no, that’s fine, uh-” Tony started, dragging him away to talk to him.
“Maybe this one’s special…” Fear speculated.
“You. Liked me. Even without the soulmate thing.”
“You can’t…you can’t die on me,” Steve said with a broken voice. He hadn’t told him. He hadn’t had a chance to…
“No, don’t worry about it,” Tony said, getting back up with Steve’s support, and sitting back down heavily again, “Probably just something I ate, maybe a stomach bug.”
“So…does this mean you’re cooking me dinner?”
“Well, I have to help in some way. So, I will.” He walked off.
The quinjet slowed as it descended just above the lake, the door opening and platform opening up.
. To stay here, eat cookies –
“You can let go now,” Steve implied, as Tony was still holding on with his arms bent high above him, which made his black top rise even further, so Steve was mostly holding onto his skin.
“Wow. I am sensing some serious tension here,” Clint motioned with his hands between the two of them, grinning childishly.
Tony grabbed onto his hand as he came to stand next to his bed, which made him smile.
Sadness came next to Joy as well.
, Rogers?”
I may only do one more chapter, not completely sure yet.
Steve lightly pushed him and laughed happily.
“Capt, we’re coming.” “Guys?” He said through the comms.
“That’s great Thor, more helpful facts like that is just really gonna lift my spirits, I
“Thank you so much,” Tony said to him, squeezing him as much as he could, “I – I love you, Rhodey. Please – oh, be our Godfather! Rhodey!” Tony exclaimed, leaning back to see his face.
Steve nodded as well, swallowing. “I meant what I said.”
Tony walked away, and Steve felt like the hole inside him since he had woken up in the new century was just getting deeper.
“What?” Steve and Tony said at the same time.
“You…care. Yep. I get that. We’re…friends.”
“Yep.”
“Sh-shit, are you ok? I am so sorry…” Steve took care to slowly pull out, feeling horrible, guilty, and got off the bed, suddenly looking towards the window from which he suddenly wished to fling himself from. He felt sick, and tears come to his eyes. Tony was closing his eyes and tensing on the bed.
“Thank you.”
“You like my skin, huh?”
“I thought it would go onto the existing island of relationship bonds,” Disgust said in confusion.
“You alright?”
“I’m made out of Iron, Steve. And, I know how to defuse a bomb.”
He thinks he’s finally getting the hang of it.
“Oh.” Tony nods, looking around the room. Yep, understandable. Right. Ulterior motives.
about you, is that so hard to under
Tony breathed. A little.
me about!”
century,” Tony said dryly.
“But, you know, baby, it’s cold outside…”
“Oh yes,” Joy said, “This is good. This is very, very, very good.” “…Joy, I think a new island is being created!”
“What? I didn’t re-break my arm. Maybe a few painkillers?”
happen. In that case, you would think it might be hard to tell whose your soulmate is. Maybe somebody has already met their soulmate, but is not with them, or they’ve died. But everyone is also sure that they usually feel a certain connection with their soulmate anyway – whether they like it or not – so you would ‘know’ who your soulmate is.
“I - I can’t help it, th-the way I feel, Tony,” Steve tried to explain.
Tony nods, oddly reassured by the promise that was easily made, the realisation that Steve’s not going to leave, nor ask for anything in return. He’s pretty sure of that, for some reason.
“Yes, honey.”
They went out for a nice meal one night, where Tony was noticeably paying him more attention, smiling more, being flirtatious. As soon as they got back to their room, Tony was all over him, Steve picking him up by his ass and flopping down on the bed.
Tony’s emotions were usually in a mess in the control centre. Today was not much different, apart from the fact that there were now multiple warning signs beeping all around them, and thus sparked a new wave of panic.
“Guys, where the
“Yes sir,” Tony replied mockingly, as he let go of the shelf and immediately put his hands around Steve’s head and shoulders for support, his fingers inadvertently blocking Steve’s eyes.
“Oh, yea – that would be great, actually. There’s quite a few things.”
“What?” Steve was flabbergasted.
WARNING: DATE AHEAD ⚠️
a reprieve?!” He asks the goddamn sky now, anyone who’s fucking listening. What the fuck does he do now? If he wanted to repair himself, to make amends for what he’s done – how does he do that? Well, he contemplates, he’s been trying that the last month. He even talked to a therapist. That’s a big whoop. His therapist actually congratulates him for it, and it feels…weird, but good. He told Brucie it’s worth a try. This whole life thing. But truth is, not all things work out. And all his energy is just used up now; there doesn’t seem much point anymore.
– soundproof. Steve couldn’t sleep even the first night, where he went downstairs and out to their small beach in the moonlight for a while. It was beautiful. And when he came back in, and walked to his room, he heard Tony cry out, presumably from a nightmare. Steve hesitated outside his door. He wanted to help, he hated the thought of Tony suffering alone, and his heart ached in empathy. He knocked lightly on the door.
