“I-I can feel I'm paralyzed by it. I was scared, but I also feel sad and right now, all I feel is just tons of regrets. It’s like it reliving my worst trauma and amplified it a thousand times. I’m scared, Dean. I’m scared that, that when I couldn’t bear it anymore I will kill myself.”
“Dean is right, Sam.” Dean sighed at Castiel's words. “This angel. I never knew there is an angel named Haniel and I think he’s not just an angel. I think he is an archangel.”
Without a word Dean pulled Castiel to his arms and held him tight as the familiar feeling flooding through his chest. He felt it every time Castiel is near only happiness and contentment.
When Castiel heard it he turns around and saw another officer talking to another officer. He has a blanket over his shoulder and without second thought Castiel approached the man.
“How is Cass?” He said took a seat across from Dean who had his legs on the table. “He looks good right?” He asked again with a small smile as he watches Dean moved uncomfortably in his chair.
“Dean.” Sam held Dean’s arm as he laying on the ground and blood keep sipping out. Between the panic of the sight of blood and worry, he could feel sadness is the one which dominates his feeling right now and the most bizarre thing is that this sadness is way worse than losing Jess in the fire. He easily forgets that he has blood on his head while Jody is slowly waking up and approached them.
Sam tried to attack her again but she quickly blast him near the fire and he hit his head to a rock which causes him to lose consciousness for a while as Valery walked to Dean and they had a fight. Sam trying hard to regain his consciousness back but it’s too late for him because through his blurry eyes he can see Valery stabbed Dean with her dagger and then she disappeared with the rest of the fire.
The sun is setting as Sam drive to the motel where he’s staying after meeting his client in her house. As he predicted the case will be simple and he can finish within a week probably faster. He parked in the driveway when he saw across the motel there is a classic car that he recognized as Chevy Impala parked at the corner and for an unknown reason, he feels a pull in his chest as he keeps staring at the car but as soon as the feeling came he pushes it aside and went to the room where he and Jess are staying.
Dean looked over his shoulder where Sam is walking behind him and thinking about what he said. He knows there is a truth in there and even if he wanted to deny it so bad he knew Sam was true. He can’t sacrifice the people he cares about and loves just so he can be at peace. It’s not right.
“I said enough, Dean. Why don’t you tell us what’s going on right now.” John interrupted and somehow Castiel felt grateful. He knows why Dean angry, it’s been his defense mechanism for so long and the way he left things is probably what set him off.
Castiel moved uncomfortably in his side and watched Dean while thinking in his own head. He scooted over a little closer and intertwined his fingers in a tight grip.
“Funny, you said that like you can hurt me,” Dean remembers the first time they’ve ever spoken is when he exorcize a demon she just showed right in front of him and ask for a deal. When he refused she doesn’t hesitate to release a spell but it doesn’t work on him while his entire room is turned into dust, that’s when she realized something protecting Dean so she uses another way which is including the name and location of every demon on earth also a demon blade.
“I’ll help,” Castiel said with a lot of questions in his head but he held it back since the time is apparently very critical. He wants to find Sam and Dean but right now helping Jody seems to be the right thing to do.
Dean looks confused as he staring at his hands. “Awesome.” A grin crept to his face before he helped Sam.
Valery was walking to Dean with her knife was ready to cut his throat but then suddenly his hand moved to wipe the blood from the corner of his mouth and create a letter that came to his mind out of nowhere, he drew it without a second thought or thinking and then light instantly shot from his hand as if it was a reflex he aims it to Valery and the demon was burned before disappeared into thin air as the light slowly goes out.
Before anyone could ask again a voice calling Diana making everyone turned their back to see a tall man with a white button-up shirt, black pants, and messy brown hair suddenly appeared holding a silver stave with a pointy end. “I told you I don’t want to hold this. I’m not your bitch boy.” He said walking to Diana furiously. “And don’t leave me like that.”
“Wow, you think just like a human.” Haniel rubbed his lips in annoyance. “Okay, in early days His power is very raw and very unstable to the point where He might spontaneously combust and killed everything he’s been created, me and the archangels. So, He asked me to neutralize his power. At first, I got nothing and then an idea struck me, as an angel of life my existence is full of infinite spark but if I’m not I’ll be able to give him some balance by absorbing some of His power. Death is a powerful vessel so I told him he has to create a being with an expired date. Hence, my brother and you. You human.” Haniel pointed at Sam and Diana. “And so He does, he filled the garden with humans and then He grew loves for them and eventually become His favorite.”
“I’ll explain later,” Sam said to the girls before following Dean walking out of the kitchen to return to his room. Sam was able to stop him midway.
“Because it’s not your burden, Dean. I made peace with my choice and I know, I know you will do everything you can to save me and even if I said no you will never stop, that’s why I never tell you.” Castiel's voice is composed and calm. “I can’t watch you go through that again. Not with everything you have to go through.”
Kelly smiles as she grabbed his hand tightly. “I know, he is going to be amazing. Thank you, Cass. All of this would never happen without you.” She recollecting her memory of the time Castiel made a deal with the empty.
“See?” Dean stretched his arms to Sam who still doesn’t agree with them because deep down he knew that Diana is a good person and she could help him understand everything that’s happened.
“You’re good, Dean?” Patience asked while Kaia was ransacking the drawer and able to find a decent box of cereal and a bottle of milk.
“In case you haven’t noticed, she killed my wife. So, it’s my case too.” Sam said before walked away and Dean couldn’t muster a word and froze in place as this is the first time anyone could render him mute.
“Well, I’m not dead anymore.” Dean gave her a convincing smile before looking at his right hand holding Castiel’s hand tightly. “I’m good.”
Sam averted his eyes from the road to the woman beside him and smile carved on his lips before returning his attention to the road. “You know you don’t have to come with me, Jess.”
“It’s not easy, if I don’t put it back the way they were your soul will be gone,” Castiel said in desperation.
Dean stops his car in front of a preserved woods sign. He looked at Sam who apparently still has a migraine but insisted to tag along. “You sure you’re OK?” Dean asked.
“Oh, I’m sorry I think you’re mistaken. All of my demons are in here and I keep them on a tight leash.” Rowena said with confidence.
“Why you never said anything about the deal, Cass?” Dean's voice is deep and raw filled with anger, sadness, and disappointment.
“I guess I don’t know, I never know what you’ve been through. But for what it’s worth, you’re not alone.” Diana smiled at his saying.
“Sam.” He looks at Dean’s eyes and everything about him is very similar to what he just saw. He knows he never met the guy before but somehow he has a vision of him and not to mention the calm and ease he brought to him is made him questioned everything in his life. “That woman, she’s not a human.” He said.
A truck stopped in front of their house and he can see Bobby driving it. He quickly got out and gave everyone a little hug before asking the same question.
Sam registering they said and struck by an acknowledgment that he was somehow chosen to use this language. It doesn’t bring any peace in his heart only more questions and he knows he has to talk to Jack. What does he want? He looked at Diana and remembered she just put his palm down and suddenly the sigil was created. “So you’re chosen too?” He asked and she laughed at it.
“So, it’s true. You’ve been in the garden since,” Sam couldn’t believe himself. “Since the dawn of creation.”
“No, Cass. Don’t.” Dean said as he keeps staring at those eyes and hearing his every word feels like a dream, part of him is still angry that Castiel doesn’t go for him the moment he went to heaven but he never tried to find him before and he realized that. He realized that it’s probably his fault Castiel thinks he doesn’t have the same feeling but he was wrong.
“I know.” Jess moved from her seat and places a kiss near his lips before turning up the radio and return to her seat. “So, who’s your client?” She asked.
“Okay, what’s the plan, Cass?” Dean said as soon as they entered the room and Sam could notice the changes in Dean’s face that made him feel equally happy.
“I’m not sure yet but Naomi says there is a force that pierces into the fabric of the universe and unfortunately it tears down the gate of heaven, half of the souls in here fell into the earth and all angels are assigned to bring them back and I need your help to find whoever did this,” Castiel explained truthfully and he realized that it’s probably not enough.
Sam finally awake from his daydream and looking at his surroundings with confusion but not because he didn’t recognize the place but because he can’t be in this place. The closest thing he could call home during his life as a hunter. The bunker. He watched his brother in front of him giving a knowing look as he is the one who wakes him up from his daydream.
“I waited so long for this and this time I’m not weak.”  Her voice was deep with rage and hatred as she raises her hand and slams it back down. The spear followed her moved and the pointy end pierces through the floor.
Before she could answer Sam suddenly walk toward them looking angry then he dropped the handcuff at Dean’s shoes. “You promised we’ll do it together.” He yelled at him.
all the time?” Dean shrugged his hand and his anger was painted in his eyes as he looked at Sam. “Why can’t we get peace like everyone else? Why it’s us who stuck in some cosmic crap?”
“You wrote almost everything, this is healing, light, agony, truth, expels, vision, invisible, protect,” She keeps on and on while pointing each sigil that Sam drew and he watched her every move. “Can you help me made a list of it?” He asked later.
“The face I saw,” Castiel sighed in between his words. “I saw what Lucifer’s face was like – his true face – was like and it’s terrible. It draws out fear you don’t realize you have but, but this.”
“Fine, then I’ll go first.” She said before keeping her knives on her sides and threw punches in both of their faces.
The next day after the sun goes down Dean finally has a hit of where the demon will be using Rowena’s spell. He drove few miles just outside the town with Sam sit beside him looking pale. It was started in the morning when Sam suddenly got hit by a serious headache that caused him to faint a few times. Dean was just about to ditch him but then he couldn’t find the courage to do it even when his mind to him so but inside he knows he has to look out after him.
“Yeah, we only met once but you can trust him. He is good.” Jody answered leaving Sam more confused but when he wants to ask another question her phone rings. “Excuse me.” She said before leaving the library.
“I’m an angel. Sam, you know me, we’ve known each other for 12 years.” Castiel answered with concerns.
Castiel smiles and before his word leaves his mouth the ground moves fast and hard underneath his feet. He grabbed Kelly’s arm tighter when she falls onto the ground. The sound of the angels ringing in his ears, their panic and confusion filled his head so fast it feels like someone trying to knock him out with a hammer. His chest suddenly became warmer and slowly it burns him through his vessel as the light pouring from him. He can hear Kelly’s voice calling him in between the voices of the angels but he’s too concentrate on the pain in his chest that spread to all of his body.
“You good?” He asked out of impulse even when he knew Castiel is anything but fine. He stopped a few feet from the door and sighed watching his silence. “What happened?” He crossed his arms.
“I know but I just want to see you working and maybe after this, we can have our honeymoon,” Jess replied with the same smile Sam gave her.
“OK, so maybe we can ask someone else in heaven?” He pushed aside his anger and hate because he wants to be useful for once.
“This is pointless, Sam,” Dean said as he sat on the map table with a beer in his hand. He was in his six bottles since he first figures out that they were stuck in the bunker like a mouse in a maze. Wherever they go to try and get out they will be back to the balcony. “We’re stuck, no way out, the books are useless cause they don’t have any writings on it, and we’ve tried every spells you know and nothing can zap us out of here. At least the beer is real.” He said to Sam who is sitting in the library flipping page of every book with nothing written on it but he still hoping there will be something appeared.
“Donna about what happened,” Sam said thick with regret but Donna stopped him before he could finish. She knows what he was referring to what happened in Hastings with the vanishing hunters and it’ll never be Sam’s fault.
“No, no. Jack said that he and Amara are one in harmony, if she’s somewhat separated from Jack the angels probably will know it.” Sam answer memorizing Jack’s last words before he finally disappeared. Dean suddenly opened the front door after Sam finished and Castiel followed right behind him.
All of a sudden the floor in front of them was set on fire itself for a minute before it has completely gone and revealed writing on top of it. “What’s that?” Sam asked.
“Dean! I said I don’t know!” Dean couldn’t remember the last time Castiel showing that kind of anger and it’s bothering him so much he went to slam the door causing a loud noise echoed to the whole room before he walked closer and sat on the bed right across him.
Dean arrived at the dark alley and after a minute of calming himself down, he grabbed a knife from inside of his jacket. He walked slowly down the hall until he arrives at the empty throne. It surprised him considering the first time he is in the room was full of demons when he strikes a deal with the queen of hell herself about retreating some loose demons and now when the room is empty it spikes his suspicion.
Suddenly they feel the wind was blown right to their face and a man with a trench coat appeared in front of them. While sighed in relief as Sam feels like he knew the guy and actually having a good relationship with him.
“Yeah, I figure.” Dean snorted. “The second we thought we’re in peace something just dragged us back in the game. This is just awesome.”
“Nice place,” Haniel said after a while and Sam forced a smile as he doesn’t know what he was supposed to do.
“Yes, you can. I know you will.” Castiel took both of Dean’s hands and hold them tight. “You have Sam, you have Jack, and you have all of your friends. Do you remember when I said that you have changed me? You’ve changed me for the better because you are the most loving human being I’ve ever know and I love you for that.” He said the words achingly vulnerable and yet steady and strong as he let go of his hands and took a step back. Castiel is happy no matter where he was because knowing he could save Dean, the love of his very existence, and the only reason for his happiness.
“By remember your memories about Sam and Dean, you will summon their memories too, you are their family, you shared a bond with them, it’ll be powerful enough to summon their piece of soul and put it back without damage,” Castiel explained. “You, Claire, Alex, and Patience are their family.”
“He probably has a good reason you know, not telling us about the deal with the empty.” Sam saw a glimpse of anger in his brother’s eyes when he said it but it doesn’t shrink his intention to talk about it. Dean told him by that time on the bridge, what really happened to Castiel and Sam saw how heartbroken he was at that time and then he said it.
“Dude, I’m married,” Dean said watching his finger and recollection the memories he has before. Sam frowned but didn’t say anything as he helps himself to get back to his feet. He knew exactly what happened and he didn’t want to talk about it yet. “And you’re not a hunter.” Dean continued as he threw away the ring before Sam finally helped him to his feet.
“Yeah,” Sam answered as Dean walked to Castiel and Claire who standstill on the ground beside each other. “Hi, Miley.” He said with a grin ignoring the pain from his lips.
“Are we going to start talking about it or I should wait until you tell me?” Castiel said referring to Sam’s ability just before their soul was recovered. He has never seen that kind of magic before and seeing how big the energy that emitted from it made him worried that one day Sam will flip or worse. He felt it the first time he was trying to cure Dean and the in Canton where he can’t find them because of the Enochian sigil he planted on their ribs and the fact that they didn’t bring phones. He, Jody, and Claire went to a club where the demon appeared a few times but she wasn’t in there he was confused until a surge of power blast from a barn he instantly knew they were there. He knew humans couldn’t feel it but he felt it like an echo in his ears.
“Cass, you have to rest.” Sam held Castiel to stay in bed while Dean just watching him with worries.
“OK, do it,” Sam said without hesitation. He wants to know the truth and he will do anything to get it.
All night long Sam can’t find himself to sleep so he just sat in front of his room and all he could think about is killing the demon but then what Dean said is true, even when the demon is dead Jess would never come back to life. However he will not back down, she knew him and it’s just something he can’t just forget. “She said something before she killed Jess.” Sam ignoring what Dean said. “Yeah, what’s that?” Dean said after taking a big bite. “She said ‘Hi, Sammy’.” Hearing Sam suddenly his brain works harder to learn more about the demon because so far he’s got nothing about her, not motive, not name, nada and this makes him think that probably Sam has something to do with all of her attacks. She seems to know him and he has to figure it out soon.
“Don’t get me wrong, I-I’m glad that you’re back, but I’m worried OK. You said it yourself Jack can’t fix you and then out of nowhere your mojo is back, I mean I’m glad that you’re fine now but this kind of thing always has a downside, you know? And we don’t know what it is.” Dean said it trying to keep himself together because it’s Castiel he was talking to.
“No, no. You don’t get to come here and ask for help after all this time being gone.” Dean blurted out with a wave of familiar anger.
“OK, so what makes the bird leave his nest and clinging to a girl?” Dean asked out of nowhere. Castiel shrugged his shoulders having no answer.
In a split of seconds he arrived at the church Naomi meant courtesy of his new wings he can travel everywhere again. Stepping to earth again is a different story for him. Everything just feels like yesterday for him, still fresh in his mind the first time Dean asked him to come around to town, posing as an FBI agent, and how everything seems so strange for him. Revisits those memories again make something in his heart fluttered with contentment.
“I don’t care. As long as I can kick your ass, I’m good with it.” He answered before throwing another punch which she avoids gracefully and kicks Dean in the gut before throwing him to the ground.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Sam answered as he turned to look at Dean but then his vision is blurred then he could see a glimpse of pictures like it was played like an old videotape. He saw Dean was on the floor drowning in his own blood with life slowly fades out of his body, then he saw him again sitting on the ground with his face completely beat up and he can hear himself saying ‘It’s OK, Dean’. Sam trying to pull himself back but somehow it just makes it stronger as it changed to him pointing a knife his Dean’s throat, he encouraged him to kill as his eyes turn black and that’s what has finally snapped him out.
Suddenly a loud thud echoed through the alley and took everyone’s attention. Sam and Dean both look at each other before Sam reaches his gun behind his back and walks first. Dean signing Claire who runs from the kitchen to go back and protect the other before finally followed Sam behind to the library where the source of the sound is. They slowly walked in with Sam pointing his gun and Dean watched his surrounding until his eyes catch the sight of Castiel lay down on the broken table and blood gushing out of his mouth. Dean ran as fast as he could and grab him, his eyes scanning the rest of his body to check for another fatal injury but he didn't see anything else so with Sam’s help he moved Castiel to the one of the bedroom nearby.
Before he could say anything the table move itself and the ground beneath his feet is shaking. Things start falling and without thinking twice John told everyone to get out of the house. The quakes are getting stronger when they were outside the house of their childhood in Lawrence, Kansas. They were in the front yard as the roof starts falling and the walls crack. For a second when Sam looking at the sky hoping that everything going to be over and then the quakes stopped.
The next day was sunny and bright, and Dean just got out of his room with his robe and still half asleep walking to the kitchen looking for coffee. He saw Sam and the girls are already in the kitchen with cups of coffee in their hands but he didn’t see Jody, Donna, or Castiel.  He watched them briefly before walking to the coffee machine and made himself a cup of coffee.
“It’s me, Dean. Castiel.” He said with a real sorrow planted on his face as he stared at Dean’s pale face.
“You’re gonna be OK. Just stay with me.” Sam said as he followed Jody’s instruction to put pressure on his wound.
“I just, I mean this is very strange you know,” Sam said walking out of the library. “If we were still in heaven wouldn’t find us eventually, I’m not sure we’re in hell either. This place is similar but awfully strange you know.”
Jody and Donna are awake from their dreams like they were just about to be drowned. Castiel holds their shoulders to prevent them from falling to the ground, he watched his surrounding,s and that suddenly Dean and Sam are once again disappeared. He watched in confusion as Jody and Donna are calming down.
“I can throw that bitch very far for a starter,” Dean said taking another sip from his glass before he let out a little laugh. “That bitch is playing us. She dragged us out of heaven, trapped us in a weird place, and toying with our memories just for the sake of fun. And I thought we’ve done.” He said sarcastically.
“No, we’re not going to fight you. So, you can brag and kick our ass but you’ll never get what you want.” Dean is mad especially with the thought of someone trying to trap them in a maze again for the sake of entertainment.
“Yeah, you just keep the girl save and cook us some chicken when we're done,” Dean answered hugging Jody. She laughed at his saying and patted his shoulder. “Done.” She replied.
Dean knew that. He remembered that little cabin with the carefully outfitted nursery where Jack had been born, where Kelly had died, and where he’d watched Cas’ body burn on that pyre. He remembered how hurt he’d been, knowing not only that Cas was gone but that he had made the choice to throw away his own life to protect some kid,
But he can make it right now. It’s what he and Cas do, they forgive each other. And Dean doesn’t know how he fooled himself into forgetting he’s always better off when they’re together.
“You are such a freak about that car.” Claire pulls out her phone and starts typing. “Okay, so look, if we stick to the interstates and stop as little as possible, I bet we can do it in twenty hours.
It’s Claire’s idea to stay a night at the Stanley, but Dean’s letting himself get talked into just about anything these days.
“Claire has it. Said she was going to try to find a mall or something. Think she wanted to give us a little bit of space.”
“Yeah, but they’d stay with the same people,” Dean says. “You gotta have your tribe, right? Your family.”
, Cas, okay, I don’t know what the plan was. I just couldn’t let that be the end of it. Not after what you said to me. I can’t — I lose it every time you’re gone, you know? And there’ve been enough times. The whole free will, write your own story shit — I don’t want to do it without you.”
In the end, their breakneck speeds mean they’re navigating off the highway in Kansas the next morning, bright and early. They exit before reaching the city. This is firmly suburbia, it’s obvious as soon as they hit the limit of what is technically its own independent town. Everything is bright and clean, all car dealerships and family restaurants. Dean hates that it’s intimidating as hell.
Cas looked away from him, hands in the pockets of his coat. He was wearing it over a blue, cable-knit sweater that made him look like some kind of fisherman-slash-professor, and his hair was a little ruffled, like it always had been back when they first met, all those years ago. He looked profoundly human.
“I don’t want your money,” he said firmly. “Thank you for the pancakes, Dean, but I don’t want to take anything else from you.”
“Thank you,” Dean says. His voice is strained. “I know it ain’t anywhere close to enough, Cas, but thank you.”
Sam looks at him with his patented disapproving gaze, the one that says Dean is fucking up so badly that Sam can do nothing but feel sorry for him. It’s so condescending that Dean feels almost cowed by it.
“Fine,” the Empty snaps. “Go to sleep.” Castiel feels the touch of the Empty’s hand on his forehead, and then he is dreaming.
“Right.” Dean clears his throat, wishing he had another beer. “People like us, we’re not meant to get out of the life.”
“Hang on,” Dean says. “Why did she just give you the receipt?” If this is some kind of weird attempt at feminism, he’s not sure he gets it. He’s the one who asked for the check, anyway.
He smiles at Cas again, and Cas thinks that it is not like the way Dean usually smiles. He seems sincere. For a moment, Cas just looks at him, really looks.
Dean wants to laugh at that, his baby brother being proud of him, but he’s not gonna step on Sam’s moment. He’s been reading those books about family therapy again, Dean thinks fondly; he’ll make fun of him for it later. “Hey, Sammy,” he says, “you doing alright? Eileen pulling your head out of your books?”
“Gross,” Dean repeats. He wishes Cas would keep talking to him. He wishes he could ask Cas to call him every night and recite the minute details of his day so that Dean knows everything, like he was there.
Melissa squints at him, leaning forward a little to examine him more closely. “Your kid?” she asks, a little suspiciously.
Cas opens his eyes after a moment, and looks toward Dean with a soft smile, and Dean kisses him, though not for anyone but himself.
“Claire,” he says as soon as she throws open the door and flings herself into the passenger seat. “What the hell happened?”
Dean is laughing at him in the streetlights, an arm over Castiel’s shoulder and his hand almost touching the back of his neck. He smiles, and it is so bright that Castiel can’t help smiling back, although he doesn’t follow Dean’s sense of humor. Dean says they’re
, and you didn’t tell me,” he says. “Didn’t even give me the chance to try and help you. And then you drop that on me while you’re, you’re telling me — I didn’t ask for that, you know?”’ He’s starting to suspect his words aren’t coming out the right way, not what he meant to say, if he even knows exactly what he means.
Claire rolls her eyes at him, putting the book back. “Yeah,” she says. “I guess you’d have run into one by now.”
Dean decides not to bring up the fact that he knows Claire drives like she’s evading the police and recently took the side mirror off Alex’s car. “We’ll see about that,” he says instead, and lets the Paul Simon crooning keep playing while they speed down the highway away from Lebanon.
Cas answers only a moment later, so quickly that Dean realizes with a sinking feeling in his stomach that Cas might have been watching him through the blinds. Cas looks at him, face almost blank expect for the slight worried squint of his eyes, and says, “Hello, Dean.”
“It was the Empty.” Dean’s words sounded hollow to himself, hollow and wrong. “Billie was here, she was after me, and Cas — he — the Empty took both of them.”
In the morning, Dean and Claire hit the highway before Sam gets up. It’s better, Dean thinks, to avoid the conversation. Sam would just end up apologizing in that voice that’s actually aimed straight at making Dean feel more guilty.
Dean’s voice is giddy, high on a kind of electric joy that’s flooded his system, some crazy endorphin reaction to having Cas in his arms. He doesn’t feel tired anymore, not remotely. Cas laughs again — not loudly, he always laughs quietly, almost to himself, but Dean loves hearing it.
“I’m not gonna let her self-destruct,” Dean says. And he won’t — that’s why this is a good idea, really. Claire might be old enough to buy a beer, but she’s still a kid in the way that matters, and Dean figures he just about qualifies as adult supervision. “I’ll get her home safe. It might, you know, be good for her.”
Dean has had years with that rebuilt body and, of course, he has not been kind to it. Cas has healed him when possible, tried to set right as much of the damage as he could, but Dean hasn’t always allowed it, and healing has become more difficult in recent years. There are many small injuries that have been remedied, but left a mark behind. Dean has undoubtedly shaved off again many of the years of life that Castiel gave back to him.
When he’d gotten that panicked phone call from Cas after dropping him off for his date, Dean was immediately on high alert, kicking himself for letting this happen, leaving Cas alone with some strange woman who could be another Reaper or any number of other sinister things without doing even a halfway decent security check. It was a relief that it turned out just to be a baby with a fever. Dean had shown him how to check the kid’s temperature and give her a quick bath in cool water to help bring it down. The baby had calmed down then, eyes closing as Dean held her in his arms. It took a long time for her mom to come home, he thought disapprovingly.
Before he can say anything else, Claire throws her arms around him in one of her impulsive, full-body hugs. It catches him off guard, but Dean hugs her back. She holds on for a long moment before letting go, and Dean feels that same sense of pride he did when Jack wrapped his arms around him in the car, tells him that he must after all be doing something right.
“Well, you’re not the first angel I’ve met.” She answered and it spikes a little suspicion on him knowing that she knows about angels.
“Yeah, you can exactly tell the sheriff if a demon set my wife on fire.” Dean shrugs his shoulder knowing Sam is right and despite the weird déjà vu vibe he’s feeling around Sam he enjoyed his company.
“I’m agent Swift. Have your people know what caused this attack?” Castiel asked as he flashes the badge to the officer. His mind suddenly remembers what Dean has to say after he asked him, why he has to lie. Of course, back then he thought Dean was serious but now he knew it was just his humor.
He knew he was rambling. Dean couldn’t believe he just gave the guy his number. He couldn’t remember the last time he wanted to give anyone his number.
“Best friend? Really? ‘Cause the last time I talked about someone like that,” she pauses cautiously, “I was in love.”
They stood completely still while Charlie silently pulled the curtain open just enough to see Dean, who was currently several feet in the air, facing away from them, oblivious to his little audience. He transitioned effortlessly from a sitting position on the pole until his entire body was extended horizontally, only his hands in contact with the pole. The lights above bounced off his body, highlighting the muscles in his back as they engaged to keep him in this position. Much to Castiel’s relief (
“Pretty much our whole lives really,” Dean answered with a lopsided sad grin. “Our mom died when we were kids. Hell, Sammy was still a baby. And Dad didn’t handle it well. To be honest, he didn’t really handle it at all. He started drinking a lot. And he’d disappear for days at a time, and come home a complete mess. So, I kinda had to take care of them both from that point.”
When Dean looked at him, all he could think about was Cas being pulled into the dark nothingness of the Empty, looking as happy as Dean had ever seen him. Cas had made that sacrifice, and then he’d come back, and Dean hadn’t been the one to save him. It almost felt wrong, Jack popping Cas back into life like none of it had ever happened. Maybe, Dean thought, if he had torn the Empty apart himself and dragged Cas back home, maybe that would have gone some way toward making up for it all.
Dean looked at them, at Cas holding tightly to the child he had made that deal for. Cas looked so, so happy in that moment, smiling bright, his arms around Jack and his eyes closed. Cas, who had died for Dean, and Jack, who Dean had almost let die himself.
Is it because of Chuck that he never did anything he wonders, or is it just because he was a coward? And anyway, which is worse?
He looks at his bag on the bed, filled with interchangeable clothes and a few other unremarkable possessions. He looks at the keychain dangling from his keys, with its smiling little alien figures. And he makes up his mind.
Silence falls between them again, Dean peels the little paper wrapper off his miniature muffin and eats it in one bite. Claire slurps the remains of her cereal milk out of her spoon. Then she looks up at him.
He does, at one of the white-painted wooden chairs sitting next to the white-painted wooden table. There’s a weird little ceramic napkin holder with a rabbit on it in the middle of the table, which looks like it came from a catalogue of domesticity frivolities aimed at eighty-year-old women. The only other personal touch here is what looks like a science quiz with a big “100%” written on it in red pin, held up with a magnet advertising the Blue Valley school district.
he say, what could anyone possibly say in response to something like that? “Now I have a human life to spend as I choose. And Jack — that’s what his mother and I wanted for him, you know. Something as close to a normal life as possible.”
“Thank you for letting me see that.” Cas says earnestly, and Dean laughs his self-deprecating laugh. “I mean it. I just didn’t know… Dean, I never thought that you could…”
He stood for a few moments waiting for Jack to realize he should hit pause, but it became clear pretty quickly that he wasn’t going to without being told. “Uh, buddy,” Dean said, and cringed again, maybe outwardly this time, at how false he sounded. “Could you, uh, maybe turn that off for a minute?”
Jack suddenly looking ten years younger was a weirder adjustment. He acted different, too, more like a kid, albeit a weird and precocious and almost disturbingly calm one. Jack had once had the weight of the universe on his shoulders, and now he could sit quietly for hours building Lego cities or filling in the pages of a coloring book.
“Anyway, she told me she didn’t want to see me again, but I ended up being in town a couple years later for a case. She saw some things that changed her mind. And she’s this gorgeous, smart girl who knows about what I do, but Sam and I are on the road, we gotta get on to the next case. So I tell her, you know, I’ll see her again someday.”
“Claire,” he says when he sees her in the lobby. She’s leaning against a wall, duffle bag at her feet, scrolling through her phone. “I’m sorry, but I have to go back to Kansas.”
Cas had watched him as he rocked the baby back and forth with an odd kind of intensity, like he was memorizing it in case he had to do it in the future. “You know you don’t have to do this kind of thing,” Dean said. “She asks you to do this again, you tell her she hired you to stock shelves, okay? This isn’t
Claire’s digging through the glove compartment, finding Dean’s box of cassettes buried under assorted road maps and fake IDs. “Wow,” she says, “you don’t have anything from this century, huh?”
And Cas thinks, yet again, how grateful he is to know Dean Winchester, how lucky. But that, too, is different now.
Sam laughs. “You think it’s easy for me, right?” he says. “You think I’m having a great time with this. Well, I’m not, okay? I tried being a normal person, I wasn’t cut out for it. Every time I thought about what my future would be like, ever since Dad died, I knew it would be hunting. After we beat Chuck, I was gonna — I was gonna get better at magic, I thought maybe you and me would end up training younger hunters or something. I was never going to give it
Dean hesitates. He has half a mind to demand answers and then go back and beat the hell out of whoever gave her that bloody nose. She’s just holding the sleeve of her jacket to it, doesn’t even have any tissues or toilet paper to stop the blood.
“Start of a new one,” Sam says, and Dean does shed a few tears then, wiping them on his sleeve as quickly as they fall. He’s sure Sam knows, anyway.
“Well, I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas says, even and calm. “When I said what I said to you, it was under the impression that we wouldn’t speak again. It was selfish, yes, but I think I deserved that one selfishness. And I can see that it hurts you to be near me now.”
Days later, Dean is in Las Vegas, and he has two problems. The two problems, which are probably pretty closely related, are these: he is drunk, and he wants to talk to Cas.
They were a family. A fragile one that sometimes barely held together, but a family in the true, human sense.
But he thinks about all the people out there who are safe now — Sam and Eileen, Donna, Jody and the girls, Garth and his family, Cas and Jack. People who’ve suffered, who’ve given up a lot, and who don’t have to do it anymore. It’s going to be better, now that they can leave the world they’ve lived in, even if Dean doesn’t know how to live anywhere else.
“They will start wars over this,” he told his commander, the angel who would later fall to Earth and be reborn as Anna Milton. She was a good soldier, back then. They both were. “So many of them will die.”
It doesn’t occur to him until the moment after he’s done it that Dean might not want to be kissed, that he might push him away, but that isn’t what happens. Instead, Dean kisses him back, softly and briefly, and Cas can’t think. It is dizzying, this kind of human contact, and he feels drunk on it, wants more and more, whatever Dean will let him have.
It’s quiet, calm, no other cars on the road, and Cas feels oddly pleased by that, the idea that the two of them are completely alone. He watches Dean out of the corner of his eye. The radio is playing a song about Heaven.
He doesn’t think about Ben and Lisa that often anymore, but he thinks about them now, the image of them all twisted up in his head with Cas and Jack. Ben and Lisa were proof, weren’t they, that he’d tried the whole family thing and it hadn’t exactly worked out.
There’s something mesmerizing about it, the way he speaks. Castiel finds that he believes Dean Winchester, when he says there is something he doesn’t remember. “I can try,” he says, and closes his eyes.
He knocked on Cas’ door at the bunker, regretting it almost immediately not talking to him in a more public place when Cas called out, “Come in.” Tentatively, Dean opened the door.
It’s not all he wanted. But it is all he can give. To Dean, and to Jack, and they will have to keep each other safe now. He hopes they’ll be grateful enough to do that for him.
She smiles at him, and when she starts to push herself to her feet, her offers a hand to help her up.
Cas avoided Dean just as much as Dean avoided him. He hadn’t repeated what he’d said that night. He hardly said two sentences to Dean together, until one night when he came out to the garage while Dean was fiddling with an ancient transmission and said, “I’ve been looking into the best schools for Jack.”
Now, with Claire in the passenger seat of his car, Dean doesn’t have any idea what to say to her about how she should spend the rest of her life. It’s not like he knows what he’s doing with his. He used to think that what happened to people like him and Claire, you could take that and turn it into something good, because that was the kind of thing that made you a hunter. Made you protect other people. But in this new, safer world — maybe there’s no need for people like that.
“It’s weird, right?” Claire says over breakfast the next morning. “Knowing that all this stuff — I mean, stuff like it, anyway — was real, and now nobody’s ever going to know about it. They wouldn’t believe you if we told them.”
Dean shrugs. “Wasn’t God anymore. Anyway, everything’s back the way it should be. Jack took care of that.” He smiles, looking distant. “Hell of a kid. Just like his dad.”
Dean rolled over onto his side so that he was facing Cas, even though it was dark even that he could only see his faint outline. “Yeah, buddy?”
“No,” he says. “I don’t think it’s stupid. But all those people who were stuck spending their afterlife haunting little tourist traps like this, they can move on now. And that’s a good thing.”
They go to the International UFO Museum, where they wander among the exhibits trying to guess at the real cause of the various sightings. “Drunk,” Claire will mutter under her breath, and Dean will shake his head and say, “ghost.” He makes a mental note to ask Sam for the lore on Betty and Barney Hill; he’s pretty sure
“I’m just saying. If you think you have a chance at something good, it’s not going to wait around for you forever. So maybe you should give her a call.”
Cas inclines his head in acknowledgment. “I suppose I will die a ‘virgin’ after all, then,” he says, the word uncomfortable in his mouth.
She might not have been a Reaper, but Dean was still pretty upset with this Nora chick, he told Cas later. What kind of person misled a guy who worked for her into thinking she was interested just so she could dump her baby on him while she went out with some guy? Sure, Cas wasn’t the best at picking up on social cues, but he was probably a hell of a lot better as a romantic option than whatever loser she was getting to second base with at the local bowling alley.
Claire thumps her head back against the headrest dramatically. “Ugh! I got in a fight, okay, it doesn’t
Dean can’t help laughing at that, but Jack looks at him out of the corner of his eye. “He also said you were picking me up today because you wanted to talk to me about something important.”
“Or I could go with you,” he said, barely pausing. “The two of you, I mean, you’re not used to being human yet. It could be good for me to be around, help you out.”
Claire stays longer than Dean’s expecting, sleeping in the guest room for another night before she tells Dean that morning, after Cas has left to take Jack to school, that she’s going to get a bus ticket back to South Dakota.
It’s so good to look at him and just think that. What, exactly, is there to be afraid of? This is Cas, just Cas, his best friend and erstwhile guardian angel, and Dean loves him.
Jesus Christ. Dean could’ve sworn he used to be good at this, talking to kids. When he was with Lisa, for a while at least he was good with —
The tour is a cute little theater performance, that’s all, despite the woman on their tour group who swears she sees a spectre floating over the tour guide’s shoulder. Dean brings along the homemade EMF reader he’s had for twenty years on the tour, just to see if the place has a sophisticated enough scam operation to set it off, but the thing doesn’t beep once.
Dean feels a tremor of something that’s both dread and anticipation run down his spine when he hears Cas’ voice, and he’s not even the one
Dean laughs, because he knows he’ll cry if he doesn’t. “Well, shit,” he says. “End of an era, huh, Sammy?”
In New Mexico they stop off in Roswell, the kind of kitschy tourist destination Dean and Sam never got around to visiting.
In the gift shop of the museum, they’re surrounded by green aliens with big bug eyes. Dean thumbs through the cutesy keychains. They’ve got aliens of every description, and Dean ends up holding onto one of them, an outline of a spaceship with two aliens waving goodbye, one tall and one smaller, like a parent and child.
“What do you think of going to Mesa Verde?” she says. “The national park in Colorado? It’s a little out of our way.”
Dean suspected that he was parroting things Cas told him, but he smiled anyway, feeling very aware of not having anything to do with his hands. “Good. That’s good. I think you’ll like living aboveground,” he said, forcing a chuckle.
He doesn’t want to wait until they’re back in the Impala. He shuffles closer to Dean in the vinyl booth seat they’re sharing and puts his head on Dean’s shoulder.
She tells him — her voice sounds like she’s trying hard to keep it steady, but she might be on the verge of tears. Dean thinks about what he would have been doing in bars at her age and the kind of trouble he was getting into, and he hopes Claire is at least a little smarter than he was.
would mean Cas and Jack and even Claire. But it doesn’t have to be a bad thing, wanting to protect them. It doesn’t have to be a weakness. He makes a promise to himself, that he’ll learn to do it right.
It’s tentative, nothing like a climatic kiss at the end of a movie, which is Cas’ only real frame of reference for how he has wanted this to happen — and he has
Dean always looks his most peaceful when he’s driving, one of his well-worn cassette tapes playing and the destination fixed firmly in his mind. He never allows the intrusion of more modern technology into this space: no auxiliary cord, no phone application for finding the best routes. Dean knows the interstate highways like you might memorize a sacred text, and they always get to where they need to be. Cas would be happy, in any case, to go with him anywhere.
“Oh,” Dean said, helplessly. His hands were still sitting uselessly in his lap. He thought maybe he should reach out, but he didn’t know how.
She laughs, and Dean can’t help laughing with her. “Well, hey,” he says. “Good on you for getting out of there.”
this, since he was conscious of wanting, since he was capable of desire. Cas is hardly an expert in these things, but Dean doesn’t kiss him like an expert, either. He kisses like it is desperately important, like this thing between them is precious. He presses one hand into Cas’ hip and cradles his jaw in the other, and all Cas can think to do is pull him closer, taking two fistfuls of Dean’s shirt and holding on tight. He tastes like motel coffee, and Cas’ newly human senses interpret it as the best thing he’s ever experienced.
Castiel considered this. He had watched the humans; Eve’s hair was growing long, and he watched Adam carefully braid it, so it would stay out of her face. There was nothing like that among angels. There were things God left out, when creating them. Humans, not angels, were made in His image.
He pauses for a moment, not wanting to voice the thought he’s having, but presses on. “I don’t — I loved my dad. But I don’t wanna be that guy.”
“I had help,” Dean says. He takes his eyes off Cas, looks around him as if searching for something else, and then looks up at the blank sky above them. “You listening? I’m not supposed to be here, right? You want me out? Let’s talk.”
Jody sighed. “I can’t believe it,” she said, “it’s really over,” and for a moment Dean thought that she sounded sad.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean says immediately, grabbing his keys. “Stay where you are, okay? What’s the address, I’ll be right there.”
, Castiel thinks. He knows what Dean does next: be stabs Castiel in the heart with his knife, he asks who Castiel is and Castiel answers.
As much as Cas wants to interrupt, to tell him he’s wrong, he stays silent. He stays close, both of them leaning against each other.
There’s so much nervous energy thrumming through Dean’s body that he thinks he might agree to anything. Twenty hours. It’s nothing, he’s driven further in one shot. And if he can’t hold it together for twenty hours, what chance does he have once he actually gets there?
“A lot of things,” Jack says seriously. “We bought furniture for the house and I helped Cas paint the kitchen. We’re painting my bedroom next, and I’m starting school this week. I met my teacher already. I’m really excited to go to school.” He’s speaking quickly, almost like he’s nervous, and he barrels on before Dean can manage to get a word in. “Cas told me you and Claire went on a trip.”
Jack looks at him directly, eyes bright and clear with understanding. “Because you love Cas,” he says.
Dean tried to push himself up from the floor, his knees stiff and his body feeling too heavy. Sam made a move toward him, but Dean waved him off. “He—he’s gone, Jack,” Dean said. He could hear his voice cracking. “I’m sorry.”
to retire! And now you’re acting like you’re pissed off that anything’s changed. You got your free will and you could have exactly what you wanted and you’re just sulking around being angry about it.”
He lets himself gaze at Dean — it’s safe like this, when he can’t be seen. He grants himself the privilege of watching the smallest changes of expression on Dean’s face without having to look away, the movements of his eyelashes, the way his head tips back when he laughs.
“Well, kid,” he started. His hands were shoved deeply into his pockets. “You know, Sam and Eileen need to do their own thing, and I…”
“Probably.” She reaches over and turns up the radio several notches. It’s Paul Simon singing about fifty ways to leave your lover, but Claire stares straight ahead, so Dean doesn’t say anything about it either.
Cas’ few possessions were mostly piled into a suitcase at the foot of his bed. Next to it, Dean could see a set of driving direction in Sam’s handwriting. Cas had a stack of parenting books on his bedside table, and if things had been better between them, Dean could’ve made a joke about Dr. Spock and how Cas had always been a little bit Vulcan, but he didn’t.
“Yes,” Cas says. His hands are folded on the table across from Dean, perfectly still. “He has a presentation today on the Gila monster.”
Dean doesn’t like to think about Purgatory, generally. He doesn’t like thinking about Cas deciding he’d rather stay there as some screwed-up penance than come home, or about Benny deciding to stay instead of coming back to him. Seems like it’s easier for people to die for him than to live, sometimes.
“I mean, you, Cas, you’ve been seeing through the Matrix since the minute we met, right? And I’ve still been stuck in it. And I’m not brave the way you are. I was just scared, because…”
That wasn’t disobedience either. Not in the truest sense. The real kind of disobedience would come much, much later.
Dean immediately regretted that he had stopped messing with the car parts, wishing he had something to do with his hands. “So you’d be, uh, moving out there?”
“You’re sweet on him,” Anna had said the last time they met, and Castiel didn’t understand what she met. She’d smiled at him a little pityingly. “It’s alright, you know,” she’d said before he turned away from her. “I understand. I guess we have the same taste.”
Most people, angels, whatever, Dean thought, they didn’t change all that much except to get worse. They stayed stuck in old patterns, they developed new bad habits to break the old ones. But not Cas, he’d seen Cas at his worst, and Cas made himself get better. Came back in that river washed clean and new and tried to be good and just kept trying, kept coming back to Dean, and there’s no one he knows that’s better, now. That’s the difference between them, that Cas has never wanted to hurt anyone. Cas has never been selfish.
Dean feels unbidden anger rising in his throat, bitter in a way he can’t explain. “So that’s it, then, it’s my responsibility? I don’t get a say in that?”
Claire nods. She puts an Aerosmith tape into the deck. “Okay,” she says quietly, and Dean feels pretty good, all things considered, about his attempt to give decent advice. Jody couldn’t say he didn’t try. He just hopes Claire took it to heart.
Dean remembers, now, the way Cas would look at him, with something wary and strange in his eyes, almost disbelieving. He can’t help but wonder if Cas had loved him then.
“Well, that’s understating it.” Dean wiped the grease off his hands on a scrap of fabric, and watched Cas wince. “I don’t mean — so, what, you want him to go to a different school?”
Chuck was dead. But weirder to think about than that was the other stuff you heard about — vampires returning to families who’d thought they were long dead, angels applying for drivers’ licenses, Amara renting an apartment in Manhattan.
Claire squints at her phone, presumably scrolling through ticket prices. “Ugh,” she says. “These all leave at like, three in the morning.” She flickers a glance between Dean and the phone screen. “Maybe I should wait,” she says, but Dean’s not falling for that.
He looks so holier-than-thou, and Dean is so sick of his shit. “If you’re so concerned about it, what are you doing here? Rummaging through your old lore books all day? Huh? Why aren’t you playing house with Cas and Jack?”
“There’s one thing you could do, right?” Dean says. “I’ve seen you do it before, when you, y’know, reach into someone and poke around in their soul.”
Now, on another sleepless night, Dean thinks that maybe he should have kissed Cas then. Maybe there was still time and he hadn’t done so much wrong that it couldn’t be repaired. They had a chance, he thinks, there was a window, and it passed by without him even knowing it.
“That’s wonderful,” Cas says. “You should sign it. Can you remember how to spell your name?” Sam taught him his letters and numbers, when Cas wasn’t around. He’s a quick learner, but he still writes his Js backwards.
“It was a good deal,” Cas says, and it was. His son’s life, and Dean’s, and killing death into the bargain. You wouldn’t get that from any crossroads demon.
He gave Dean this sad little smile, like it hurt him to think of it but he didn’t want Dean to feel sorry for him. Like he was saying,
But Dean can’t sleep, and it’s not because it’s still light out or because of Claire’s driving — which is, as soon as she hits the highway, like a bat out of hell, but he can tell she knows what she’s doing. She doesn’t glance away from the road, and her confidence is unruffled. It’s certainly not because he can’t sleep in a moving car with his jacket shoved between his neck and the headrest as a pillow. He’s done that a hundred times before.
Her precision is exquisite. There is only ever one target, repeated again and again until the strike of his blade becomes automatic. Castiel is a solider and Dean is not so much a member of an opposing army as a fortress, the walls protecting Castiel’s own weakness. Harboring what would, if he were human, be called his sin.
“Fine,” Dean said. “Just stay with me tonight. I already have the room. There’s two beds. It would be — it would be stupid for you to go back and sleep on the floor, man.”
It’s strange, to settle next to one another like this without any pretext about what they’re doing. Dean sits next to Cas on the bed and moves closer to him until they’re sitting knee to knee, shoulder to shoulder. Cas thinks of those vague dream memories of a diner somewhere on the highway, the front seat of the Impala, and Dean is looking at him with soft eyes, and Cas sees his own hope reflected there.
“He can sleep in the car,” Sam says absently, flipping through his papers. “We’ve still got a long drive to go.”
That night, Dean decides he has to call Sam. It’s after Claire’s left, after a final round of goodbye hugs and promises to call that left even Cas a little misty-eyed. Jack also extracted a pinky promise from Claire that she would come visit.
If he tried to describe it in human language, there wouldn’t be the right words. This is more like prayer, but a prayer which is years long and which has been accompanied, until now, by the desperate wish that it not be heard. It speaks to him about love, and desire, and long-buried longing, and it says his name, the only name Dean has ever called him.
Everything is blurring around him, and he tries to remember that this isn’t real. He feels it slipping, feels himself being drawn further into the illusion.
His dad’s memory sits uneasily in this place, alongside the knowledge that he really has changed. John Winchester wouldn’t recognize the person he’s trying to be. John Winchester didn’t raise his son like that.
“Don’t I?” Dean says. He can hear his voice break, a little. He doesn’t want to cry in front of Cas, doesn’t want to make Cas be the one who has to comfort him. “I made some
“You stupid man,” Cas says, his eyes blazing bright, so blue. Dean used to think it was the light of heaven’s grace that made them look like that, but they haven’t dimmed at all. “How could you ever think…” He trails off, shaking his head.
Today, Dean and Lisa and her son are sitting on her porch together, Ben telling a long story about something that had happened at soccer practice while Dean and Lisa each drink a beer. They are sitting close together, their shoulders bumping together when they laugh. Dean turns to Lisa and smiles at her, tucking a strand of her hair behind her ear.
“I think.” Dean takes a deep breath. “I think I have a hell of a lot of experience doing the wrong thing. And I don’t always know how to stop myself.”
“Yes.” Dean takes a few steps toward him, cautiously. “Cas, this isn’t real.  This is — we’re in the Empty.”
Dean can’t have laughing a little, startled. “Yeah,” he says. It’s not all that hard to say, when it comes down to that. At least not to Jack. “But you too, kid.” Jack’s mouth twitches in surprise, like he doesn’t quite believe it. “I was scared, and I’m sorry.” His voice catches in his throat, just a little. “I’m sorry. You’re family, Jack, and I can’t promise I’m always gonna know what to say, or do the right thing. But I want to be around.”
There are so many things Castiel regrets now. Every time, across all those years of service in Heaven’s armies, that he had stood by and watched a smiting or sacrifice play out and not intervened, every time he had fought on what he was told was the right side in wars that seemed arbitrary. Every time he had ignored that faint itch in the back of his mind that he knew now to call doubt.
She doesn’t respond at first, turning her head again to look out to window at the cars rushing by. “Yeah,” she says eventually. “I know. I’ll call her soon. It’s just… tough, you know, to talk to her. She was gone for a long time. I don’t think she really — I mean, not that
In the morning, he goes down to the first floor for breakfast and finds Claire already eating a bowl of cereal, headphones in, looking as tired as he feels. She waves to him, when he comes in, looking disinterested.
. And she’s been talking to Cas, right? Texting him, at least. Dean feels an adolescent desire to ask if Cas has been saying anything about him.
Jesus. Dean took a long swig of water, half just to buy himself some time. He prayed to Cas too, sometimes. Sometimes he hardly realized he was doing it. It was almost second nature at this point, to call out to Cas in his head when he wasn’t around.
Even looking away from him, Dean could feel Jack’s eyes still watching. “Do you think he hears me?” Jack said. “When I pray?”
Cas said, and maybe it was that love which made Cas come back every time, no matter how badly they’d hurt each other. He doesn’t think he could begin to feel worthy of it.
He hasn’t started the car yet, and he’s looking at Cas from the driver’s seat, waiting on an answer. It’s easy to lean across that small space and kiss him on the mouth, the way humans do when they want someone very badly.
“I’m alright,” he tells Dean, looking at their joined hands. He remembers what Dean said to him, in the Empty. It seems impossible, a wild fantasy, but here it is. Dean’s fingers are callused, but his hand is warm. He doesn’t look much different either — a little healthier, maybe a little younger. “I’m alright.”
. Once they’ve picked a motel for the night, he sends Claire out to get dinner from a Mexican place down the street and calls Jody.
Later, Jack told them about what else he’d done, just with a thought. He’d written Chuck’s Supernatural books out of the timeline, along with the numerous incidents that had landed Sam and Dean’s names and faces on law enforcements’ radar. They now had fully legal documentation and bank accounts, with a decent amount of money in them, too. Jack said he wanted them to be able to do whatever they wanted with the rest of their lives.
He’s in a conference room, then a cabin with a dirt floor, then the interior of flashing neon beer sign, then an outdoor amphitheater. It's Heaven. Heaven is nothing but a trunk of costumes to take on and off.
Sam quickly lights and drops the match. The bloody cloth goes up in white acrid smoke like it always does. For a long and drawn out moment nothing happens. Then slowly, like the beginning of the sunrise at dawn, a thin and golden crack grows in the center of the room.
Dean puts his arm around Jack’s shoulder. Pulls him in with a winning smile crinkling his features. “Well come on God boy, we’re going home.”
The brothers have decided it. In Jack they have found one last person to save. They pull into the bunker just to drop him off. There’s no reason to eat or change, they’ll go to their death in these clothes. At least they both get out of the car to see him off. Dean hugs him. Pats his back. One, two, three, release. Then Sam, a beat longer, the back pats softer.
They sit together in recreated heaven, where together they have lovingly carved a valley cut through by a river, it's peaceful.
Sam pauses, match suspended over the box it was about to be struck on. Watches as Dean moves subtly closer to Jack, possibly without even realizing it.
Cas can feel but not read Dean's thoughts as they drift. Possibly to Sam or the winter. He smells like bread and sleep. Relaxing in a rare moment without a phone or laptop screen in front of him. As the conversation lulls, Cas picks up one of the books from the bed and begins to read.
Cas reads a lot. Novels and biographies and snatches of poems. He likes the poems, likes the swirl of emotions he’s free to feel now. Fear of loss can become the exhilaration of finding. Revulsion turns to lust, despair to joy.
The three fall down like dominos, clutching their abdomens. They cry out as they writhe. Cas rushes out of the Impala. Reaching out for them as Chuck brings his fingers up to snap.
He thinks about just flying home in case Sam wants to spend more time with Eileen. They’re entwined next to the driver’s side door of her little orange car. Instead of staying, Sam gives her a kiss goodbye and walks off toward the truck.
Dean is still a starfished lump under the quilt when he gets there. But his breathing indicates he’s awake.
They both come down the stairs, arms outstretched. Gathering up Alex, and Claire, and Kaia as they go along into a big hug. They break apart and move on to greet other hunters. Jody wraps her arms around Sam’s middle, then grabs Eileen, as Donna makes her way toward Cas and gives him a squeeze.
Dean excuses himself to the bathroom to pee, and splash water on his face. What was he doing? Cas loves him. He loves Cas. Everyone was cool, things were safe. They had literally cuddled at night for a month. He was pretty sure the world wouldn't end if he finally said it out loud. He stared at himself in the mirror.
In the background Kaia is busy bringing out gallons of orange juice for the donors. She’s quiet but seems calm, like her own healing process is ongoing but positive. Claire is like the wind, everywhere at once. Setting out bags of cotton balls and packs of tape one minute, party platters of cookies the next. Giving Kaia’s hand a squeeze when they pass. In her element.
Jack and Sam have to get dressed yet. They peel off in their different directions leaving Dean in the library. He’s fine in his grey flannel shirt. There’s sleep drool on the underside of one cuff, the black tshirt beneath is wrinkled, and he’s way too old to be sleeping in jeans, but it's fine. He pulls himself up. Nudges a bottle with the toe of his boot. Then sends it sailing into a bookshelf with a well placed kick. Looks at the bottles on the table, the laptop, Sam’s empty coffee cup. Swipes his arm over it all. Crashes it to the floor. Stomps on the shards. Tosses an unbroken bottle against the opposite wall, and watches the shattering glass explode over the stupid map table he never wants to see again. There’s beer and a thin line of blood to go with the drool and sweat on his shirt now. But he’s just fine.
Cas should be happy. Should be happy just being around to enjoy this moment. Happy that Dean is happy. That there are less nightmares, the humans in his life are adapting. But he's not. He's no longer content just being. He wants to have.
“What other choice do we have?” Choices, choices. Here they are banging their heads against free will again. “Maybe we
Chuck has shown himself capable of the deepest cruelty. He could have killed any of them a hundred times over and it wouldn’t be as effective as giving the Winchesters nobody to save.
Death reaches up and takes a handful of light from Cas’ halo. They hold it curiously in their hand, then blow on it, sending the light scattering like stars until it fills up the space with warm twinkling light. Cas watches for a moment before cautiously starting.
She sighs. "You used to be fun." She turns to the Shadow, and cups her hands around her mouth. "Stop copying me, you big gooey bitch!"
He has said happiness is just in the being, and he means it. He knows he had been happiest just in that moment of telling Dean he loves him one last time.The Empty has taken him at his happiest moment. Cas has been in love for a very long time. He wonders why he’s awake again.
It makes sense to Cas. Why he runs off to the city. Why he is willing to give up everything. He's in love. As the clerk sings to the hatmaker he stops in front of a fountain. The other people in the park begin to sing too, and then the camera pans to the woman while she sings:
"I don't think you're supposed to say 'but'. Not when you apologize." She grins though her eyes remain wet.
He thinks back on the parenting books and his one psych credit from a lifetime ago at college. They really did not prepare him for being the adoptive parent of a nephil. He keeps his hand on Jack’s shoulder. He goes on anyway.
Everything is set up around the map table. Comfortable chairs are dragged in from their locations in archives and bedrooms. Most of the bedrooms have been set up the same way. With a bed, a desk, and a shelf running along the wall. A handful of larger rooms have queen beds or two twins for hunting partners. If Donna and Jody stayed, it was in one of those. Same with the Banes twins. When they came they preferred a single room with two beds to keep an eye on each other. Or for Alicia to keep Max out of trouble. Otherwise they stay empty, but in a noticeably warmer way than before. Not stuck in time waiting for people who will never return. Just not in use right now.
Cas lays on the couch with a sunflower gold afghan over his legs. He can hear Dean settling into bed upstairs in the loft. Sam is wrapping up some work on his laptop, Cas hears his fingers pause over the keys. Too soon the small indignities of the morning alarm clock would sound but in this space there is rest. Cas doesn’t sleep but he can “dream” if he rests.
Sam is so tired he can feel weariness covering his skin like the clinging smell of smoke. “Yeah, maybe that’s the point.” He swipes a hand over his face. “No one left to help.” Maybe not even the people in this car.
"It feels good to get some stuff off my chest. Maybe not a full apocalypse, but just some stuff." Sam lets out a deep breath.
In the distance Death stands alone. Their hair is short and curled, their lips Persephone’s pomegranate beneath their dark eyes. There is no one for them to reunite with or fight, except Cas. They watch disinterestedly as a tussling demon duo nearly rolls into them. They only look up once the light above Cas’ head rests entirely on their face.
“Thank you, Sam. I know.” Whether he means them being bad at it or them wanting to protect him, he doesn’t say.
The sound is immediately dampened as it leaves his lips. Yet his name rings through his mind like a beautiful, clear bell. He speaks again and the sound carries past his face. He keeps going until he can shout his name the length of a blue whale. He feels a bit accomplished, and that made him feel even lighter.
He always comes home a few hours later with food that they can’t get delivered out in the middle of nowhere. Tamales wrapped like little gifts in their corn husks, the deep jewel-like green of saag paneer, little purses of pork dumplings radiating the scent of scallion and ginger. Tonight a thin and crisp pizza with beets, goat cheese, and arugula that had been cut into twenty or more tiny squares.
“I’m...Cas. I’ve raised you to storm the Empty.” Almost mirroring what he said to Dean the first time they met after his soul was intact.
Dean starts to lose the thread of conversation. He never thought much about flowers and somehow regrets that now. His thoughts drift to what Eileen had said. He didn’t want to hurt Sam, he had made a lot of choices that did anyway, but he hadn’t wanted to. She had also said he didn’t have to give him up, that their thing wasn’t more important. He believed her. But what if he did what he always did and fucked it up anyway?
Cas understands. When he used to see these beautiful aspects of creation he used to see his absent father and now he can look around everywhere and see his son. It's not enough, it will never be enough. As they say, you can’t always get what you want. But you do sometimes get what you need.
Sam takes stock and assembles enough cups, plates, bowls, and utensils to cover a handful of people. Dean scrubs out the refrigerator. Then the cupboards and closets. Then all the wood floors. Cas finds some old floral sheets in the linen closet and tosses them over the curtain rods as makeshift curtains. At the thrift store they find a solid looking entertainment center for the TV from the Deancave, and a big pillowy soft fold out that is covered in royal blue flowers. It weighs so much even Cas complains. They have to take the front door off to get it inside. They finish by selecting two new chairs from La-Z-Boy that have a massage setting.
Sweat began to bead on Cas’ forehead and chest, he wipes it away absently before turning a page. This book was supposed to be about free will so he had made a point to read this one first from the pile of Vonnegut novels Dean has pushed at him. He leisurely flicks through the pages, letting the water lapping at the sides of the tub, warm tea, and the flickering flame of the candle lull him into peaceful contemplation.
Cas grabs two mugs for coffee. Dean’s says ‘bear hug in a mug’ and Cas’ has a big sunflower on it. It says ‘hello sunshine’ in a funky font. The cups nestle together in their dwelling place on the counter. The coffee gives off aromatic steam. Cas uses the slightest holy effort to send the smell upstairs to Dean. He takes his coffee black most days, while Cas likes to experiment with syrups, flavored beans, and other fun additives. He grabs his concoction in one hand and Dean’s cup in the other before ascending the stairs.
He doesn’t say anything else for another three hours. Sam tries to draw a conversation out, ask more about what happened. He can feel Dean slipping from the faking being fine stage to wanting to be alone in his private grief. But they’re stuck in the car together so he’s doing it in his own mind. Sam rolls a water bottle across the bench seat to him. Dean grabs it automatically and drains it. Sam knows his brother well enough to know he won’t crash but he also won’t be joining any conversations for some time.
. The pounding continues on, carrying through, and rolling over the shelves and boxes. Soon the door will break and this unending moment will be over.
“Luckily we had an old shirt somewhere, and a blanket in the back seat in case of blizzards. Jodio put on the shirt and you couldn’t tell if it was covering a pair of shorts or not, and I threw the blanket over me even though it must have been ninety that day.” Donna smiles at Jody and sips the wine.
They go back to talking about the archives. Sam does the dishes while Dean puts away leftovers and tidies up. They watch a little tv in the living room but as the night grows dark they grow restless and start to separate into their own activities. Sam gets up and heads to his room.
Something holds them back from outright attacking. Vaguely familiar faces drift by. Ambriel, Anael, Samandriel. Cas is once again smacked with the fact that he killed half of the people in here. If not directly, then he certainly had a hand in it. Ahead another looms.
"Hmm." Dean lays down on his back and looks up to the ceiling. "Yeah. I could like that." He shuts his laptop and slides the table away. "Goodnight, Cas."
When they leave he follows Dean upstairs and sits next to his bed with a stack of their mingled books in the space between them. Dean always sleeps on one side now, even though he has the whole bed. Cas has seen him sprawled on motel beds of equal size easily, but keeps to half here.
“What? I told you, I read.” He snags two of the little slices and shoves them in his mouth at the same time. Chewing as he talks. “Where you been anyway?”
Cas pushes against the force, taking halting steps forward, standing firm as Chuck tries again and again.
Golden light comes in from a dozen open windows, the smell of turned earth is drifting in. Dean and Sam are smiling and having a non hunting related conversation in the kitchen. He has been in relatively few houses to make the call, but he thinks he likes this one best.
“I think if we work together and concentrate we may be able to break up the Shadow that’s keeping us here. Once that’s gone it should be an easy matter to get everyone into heaven.” Cas attempts a commanding look and hopes it covers how desperate this plan actually is.
“Where?” Sam has pushed himself up from the ground with a groan, even though his injuries have vanished.
“He absorbed all of the power when Chuck was killed.” He feels an odd thrill of satisfaction. “When I killed him. We released everyone from the Empty so Billie could reap him.”
In the mornings they lay together for a while. Neither one wants to be first to break apart and end the moment. But Dean is human and humans have to eat, and shower, and the glass of water that Cas has started carrying up the stairs at bed time has to go somewhere.
Cas comes in next. It is still slightly bizarre, even after several months, to see him standing there in a pink floyd hoodie, jeans, and rainbow socks. The outfit different but the essence of Cas the same.
He wants Dean, and to an extent Sam and everyone else, to be safe. He wants to relax and enjoy his life with minimal heavenly interference. He wants to be loved. He wants to stay.
“A real pizza this time?” Dean signs pizza by miming a piece of pizza coming to his mouth, with thumb facing up. Like Cas showed him.
Dean leans down into the engine compartment of the truck. Sweat causes his white shirt to stick to his broad back. He’s tucked it into his jeans, emulating James Dean. Over the radio, a woman with a flat midwestern accent was reading off a list of topics coming up at the top of the hour farm report. Setting down a wrench, Dean gulps down half a glass of lemonade then lifts the collar of his shirt and uses it to wipe his mouth and then his sweaty brow. It comes slightly untucked, exposing a sliver of soft belly. Cas looks over and smiles.
Sam puts a couple slices on a plate for himself. “I wish you’d find some time to read Emily Post.” He hands Dean a napkin. “And I was at therapy.”
"Did you want-” Dean clears his throat. “Did you want to say anything?" Dean feels his heart sink a bit. He tucks the notebook back under his pillow.
Cas regards him. The breakfast is a deflection but he goes along with it. Dean likes waffles, Cas likes waffles.
"I never was very good at doing what I was supposed to." He shrugs and starts again. "I wanted to say, it's also what gave me a chance at life. Although it ruined yours. I ruined your future."
The Shadow shifts. Looks like Crowley now, then Lucifer, then Azazel, and back to Crowley. “I can be anything.”
Cas is tired of deals and this one isn’t easy to make. If he doesn’t, he’s likely to be yanked out only to have Billie come for them all again. If he succeeds in killing God and they die, at least there is the possibility of seeing them again in Heaven. He agrees.
He's smiling. He's read this poem a lot. At first he doesn't see how someone can be so happy about an orange. Now he thinks about his spot in the meadow under the sun, the baby who smiled at him in the grocery store, Claire hustling him at cards when she and Kaia come to dinner, Jack stopping to visit, Sam and Eileen's loving smiles, and Cas.
Cas nods. "I can relate." He thinks about Jack. "They've all turned out well." He thinks about Claire.
“There’s lots of old trails between the house, the big hill, and the pond up the way.” Loren’s voice drifted through a dutch door that led from the kitchen to what appeared to be a laundry or mud room.
Cas looked somehow frustrated and extremely fond as he watched Dean grab Eileen and sprint to the sign up with her. At least this would keep Dean from asking to go on anymore rides. If he was human, Cas’ arms would be worn out.
The nightmare this time involved flailing limbs and maybe falling. Dean called out to Cas several times until Cas reached out to shake Dean awake. Before he could make contact, Dean reaches out and grabs Cas' hand tight. He startles himself awake with the touch. He almost lets go on impulse but instead holds Cas' gaze for a moment before relaxing and drifting off to sleep. Eventually he lets go on his own when he rolls over onto his stomach. Cas leaves his hand on the bed. Despite the August heat, it feels cold.
“This is my fault.” Sam blames himself since nobody else bothers to call it first. “We could have just given Chuck what he wanted. You know, his grand finale.” He spreads his arms wide, then drops them.
Dean cuts in. “Dude. Is this even still a pizza? I think this thing has been ship of Theseus’d so much that it's just a cracker with some salad on it.”
“Yes. I invited them to dinner some time.” He looks at Sam smiling absently across the bench seat from him. “I saw you with Eileen. You two look good as well.”
Jack explains he had been searching for signs of life while they were gone. He could feel Dean and Sam, and for a few minutes Chuck. Then it was just the brothers again. Their life forces known and safe, coming home. Now there’s something new.
He feels a bump against his shoulder and turns to look. Claire is standing there with one of the gallon jugs of orange juice sweating in her hand.
Cas and Sam give feedback on the grocery list. Things drop back to the regular level of sibling banter, Dean even joking about Sam’s request for hemp hearts. They finish the pizza and toss the box. When they're done eating, Sam goes off to video call Eileen.
Every Tuesday, without fail, he leaves in the truck at four in the afternoon. He drives to the next big town over, sits in a tiny chair in the waiting room, and finally unburdens himself to a soft spoken man that owns a frankly alarming number of frumpy sweaters. Like so many. He makes a note of it every time and makes a graph.
Billie is reinstated as Death officially. They are happy to preside over their fleet of reapers, to tend to their duty, and not be an enemy. They are sure to make it known that they are not making anymore deals. A soul becomes untethered, they bring it here, that’s it. Reincarnation is for another department.
As Sam pulls him in, he thinks that went pretty well. Remembers the reason he came back here in the first place. “Uhh. Dean found a dog.”
It’s working! All around him he can hear rumbling. A wind comes blowing out of the darkness and swirls dust away from the bones. They clatter and bang together, these restless things becoming whole again. Just like the verse, they acquire sinews and flesh. Beautiful skin, fine fingers, inquisitive eyes. They stand there looking at Cas.
“How do you know-” He sighs. “Nevermind.” he crosses to the armchair next to Sam and sits down. Takes a steadying breath. “I’m not sure I know how to do that. I never really got the opportunity, it was never the time.” he puts his head in his hands. Tries a different line of questioning. “How did you know you loved Eileen?”
There seems to be several different things all happening at once. The red head is a matchmaker but maybe not a very good one. She’s trying to marry a very cantankerous man who owns a store. He doesn’t seem to like her and spends most of the movie trying to get her to set him up with someone else. Also the costumes are inaccurate. Cas knows from experience.
Donna sets down her wine glass a little over eagerly. “Except Sheriff lead foot forgot about her own speed trap and got us pulled over.”
Cas had seen Dean's soul in hell and wanted. Maybe not the way he wanted him now, but with a kind of longing to follow that soul and know it. Now he had the time. They had been through so much together. Stopped the apocalypse, more than once. Through heaven, purgatory, and hell. Their adoptive son was the spawn of Satan and literally God now. They lived together, hunted together, were closer than anyone Cas had ever known.
Dean’s sitting there now, gazing off in the middle distance. His leg bounces under the table displaying his anxious mood. Not having the constant threat of dying has made all of his thoughts pile up and threaten to hit him at once.
Dean tries to find work to do at home. The washer needs to be fixed, he sets the tool box next to it and heads back to the kitchen to grab a flashlight from the junk drawer. While there he scrubs the sparse breakfast dishes and wipes down the counters. Fills the sugar bowl in Cas' coffee corner. Decides to combine all the laundry baskets. From the one in his closet: a set of sheets, endless pairs of socks and underwear, a bath towel, a flannel shirt. Really nasty things got tossed into the utility sink in the back room as soon as they got in so dirt and oil could be cleaned off and not stained in. His closet has a small pile of Cas' pajamas, so he scoops those up as well.
He gives Jack a strong shove into Sam and Dean who grab him and pull him away. Cas tries to hold God back so they can escape. They stagger off into the distance. As they scurry out of sight, Cas focuses on Chuck.
The moment is short lived. After the pizza is gone, Sam and Eileen tell them that they have decided to move twenty minutes away to Smith Center. A slightly larger town where there’s a hospital, and green juice store, and local deaf/hoh trivia night at a barcade. Places to go other than Tractor Supply, Gas & Sip, and Walmart.
“I’ll be around. I’ll be in every drop of falling rain, every speck of dust that the wind blows, in the sand, in the rocks, and in the sea.”
He disentangles himself from Dean, rolling the table away and pulling the blankets over Dean’s prone body. He takes his place in the chair but allows himself to lean forward and put his folded arms on the bed. Then his head on top of them. He is technically watching Dean sleep but he’d never know about it.
If Dean's skin flushes, it's only from the heat of the oven. If his smile is over fond, it's not because he missed Cas. If his hand lingers a bit too long on Cas' shoulder as he passes, that's his business.
“Of course, wet jeans are the worst.” Jody is trying to hold in a laugh as she speaks. “And it’s an old neglected boat launch right outside of town. So we decided to just strip down to our skivvies and drive home on back roads.”
He leaves his book and the blanket on the chair as he unceremoniously shuffles into bed. It's large enough that they’re not touching but he can feel heat coming off of Dean’s body. Dean slides the computer table so Cas can see. He has movie possibilities displayed on the screen. Cas finds the amount of streaming services overwhelming for the most part. It was easier after he cataloged some of the things Dean - and to an extent Sam - like, as well as getting a giant pop culture download. But having general knowledge of things is not the same as experiencing them first hand.
They kiss like two people who have years of kissing to make up for. Who don't want to do anything else. They break apart eventually to stare at each other. They hold hands and Cas absently strokes Dean’s hair. Now that they’ve said it they’re never going to stop.
“Cas.” he smiles tiredly. “Dean found a dog, but it was a trick.” He's so human, his hair shining with gold in the light that some far off street lamp gives off. It’s almost unbearable. “Dean’s really upset. We’re on the way back to the bunker.” Now he’s frowning.
They sit silently. There’s three of them left in the whole world. Jack is a nephil. Who knows if he can
“I need to find Death so that we can all get out of here. This is not what the afterlife is supposed to be. The Shadow has distorted everything.” He gestures broadly. “Take a look around. That’s why everything is so dark."
Of course Cas listens to the weather report. He’s got a garden going out back that he tends the way Dean used to take care of his guns. Practiced, comforting, and easy. Of course he needs to know if it will rain. The change of topic gives Dean an out and they continue talking comfortably until Dean's eyes grow heavy and he has slumped down the bed into a sleeping position.
The atmosphere crackles and spits with electricity. High in the air, it lights the scene an unsettling blue. Strike after strike of lightning catching Cas’ body. Illuminating incorporeal wings. He can feel the blood still flowing from his face. He smells the sweet odor of flesh sizzling. His or Gods, he cannot tell.
They need light, and air, and a chance to look at something that isn’t tile and concrete if they want to. They could just walk away and bury the key. They could do anything. They toss it into the glovebox of the Impala and decide to deal with it later. Sam intends to spend plenty of time there eventually. Cataloging, maintaining research, and “moving from monster hunting to monster healing”.
Cas looks at Dean. Dean looks back at him. Cas takes his hand and very deliberately slides it into Dean’s hand. Keeps looking at him as the movie plays into the next scene. Dean pulls himself a little closer, sitting with shoulders and legs touching, their joined hands on top. Cas wants to kiss him, feels like it would be the most appropriate thing in the world.
The lamp throws a golden glow across the room. Cas has selected what he thinks is enough books for the night. He considers the bookshelf in the opposite corner as well with Dean’s books on it, there as a back up if needed.
"Tell me about despair, yours, and I will tell you mine. Meanwhile the world goes on. Meanwhile the sun and the clear pebbles of the rain are moving across the landscapes.”
Being surrounded by earth with no windows no longer feels safe. It feels like being buried. And holy shit, how did they live underground for so long? How did they miss out on sunlight and breezes and the sound of other things, other people living and existing all around them?
"Sam, you could bring Eileen again and we could all practice our hand stuff." He waggles his eyebrows up and down.
"I thought that was your blood.” Sam stares at him for a minute, thinking. Well there’s no way of knowing for sure, but I think it'll work."
"No. You're not." Cas shuts the book. "I can tell your mind is preoccupied. Is this about the dreams?" He puts the book on the coffee table and faces forward.
"Come on, Jodio! We're gonna miss the party!" Donna's strong Minnesota accent precedes her through the door.
“It’s okay. I’m not human. Maybe this is normal for me.” He shrugs. “We’ll figure it out together. But right now we’re kind of needed, back downstairs.”
Sam rolls his eyes. “I’ll go get Jack. And some water for the dog.” He flips the license plate back over the closed gas cap with practiced fluidity and stalks off.
After dinner and maybe a little tv, Cas retreats to the bathroom and draws a warm bath in the clawfoot tub. He has accrued a fair selection of bubble bath, bath bombs, and other fine and delicious smelling potions. Many were little gifts. From Eileen, or Dean, or Claire. Even a bath bar from Sam that he had selected because it had nonplastic glitter that was supposed to be safe for the environment. He selects that one now.
Dean's voice breaks and he lets out a shaky breath. Cas unfolds his legs and presses them gently against Dean's body. His socks have feathers on them.
They wander again as the Israelites had wandered in Egypt. Cas wonders how much time they have left. He wills himself into feeling sure that nothing has been messed up on the other end. That the delay is only caused by differences in spatial reality. As they go, more angels and demons break off to follow. Either out of curiosity or because they’re ready to spar.
"What're you lookin’ at?" Dean turns, the dawning light now setting fire to the ginger in his beard.
He sits in his straight backed chair, a book open on the bed, turning pages with his free hand. Letting the colors and emotions wash over him. He can feel Dean's mind reaching out for him and finding him, reaching out and finding, reaching out and finding. It was soothing for both of them and Cas finds himself drifting as well into his own version of sleep. Dreaming until the colors match.
Cas has moved his clothes upstairs after a couple months of whatever they were doing. He's putting on a pair of joggers when Dean steps out of the bathroom. He looks up at Dean with concern.
Half angels and half demons, so shocked at being alive they haven’t tried to fight each other yet. Not that it would matter since they’re all dead.
He’s brought a candle and he uses some long kitchen matches to light it. He sets it safely on the counter next to his mug of chamomile tea. He tosses a fluffy towel down on the floor in front of the tub. Settles a book, Dean’s copy of Sirens of Titan, on top of it. He stacks some soft sleep clothes on the counter opposite the candle. When everything is in place he finally sinks into the darkly hued water. He lets it ease aching gardening muscles, sticks his toes under the running tap, wiggles his body down under the water and lets out a deep sigh.
Dry, dry bones. Wandering through them Cas thinks of Ezekiel in the valley. Ezekiel speaks and a spirit enters the bones and brings them back to life. They become a great army and are led to the promised land. Certainly an angel can raise some old bones. He hopes he has enough time.
Cas looks as neat and normal as ever, except for the red line of love bites peeking just over the curve of his collar like a necklace.
Sam stares at him but Dean's not paying attention. He takes the cup Cas offers automatically and takes a sip.
Thankfully that’s when Cas wings in and distracts them from continuing this conversation. He lands somewhere in the laundry room and Dean can hear him kicking his shoes off.
They walk off towards the Impala. They’re all healed but they constantly brush their shoulders and hands against one another as they walk. Subtly seeking the reassuring contact of the others as they guide each other over the rock and branch strewn ground.
Cas has set up another folding chair in a section of the garage. Loretta Lynn has just finished singing about taking somebody to fist city as he hands Dean a glass of lemonade. They drank a lot of lemonade now. As well as iced tea and fancy pop from the grocery store. Even, after some convincing on Cas’ part, plain water from the tap.
“No. I can’t.” He folds his legs up underneath his body. “I don't think it would help even if I could.”
He twists himself in Dean’s grip just enough to catch the pull string before returning. Cas can see in the dark. He watches Dean’s eyes move, trying to catch a glimpse of his face. Sees him worry his lower lip. Catches his eyelashes flutter as he falls asleep. In minutes he can feel Dean dreaming. They dream together. Yellow, blue, and green.
He sits next to Dean, sliding a mug across to him, careful not to disturb Dean’s self soothing tracing. Dean gives him a nod of thanks. Cas sighs.
Cas scrolls through some choices. Dean likes cowboys, heists, Steve McQueen, immature comedies, eighties action or horror, and Scooby Doo. That gives him approximately three thousand, one hundred, and seventy two choices across all accessible platforms. Outside of those parameters there are a couple things that might appeal. He selects a movie with a photo showing a red haired woman in nineteen hundreds dress. Dean will usually be okay with what humans call ‘period pieces’.
They spend a wonderful evening with Jody and Donna, filling up on butternut squash soup until they can’t move. Sharing meals is a very important human act. They all talk fiercely over each other, laughing and slapping their hands on the table as Donna tells them about a recent fishing trip. They had overturned their canoe on accident and had to decide if they should ride the whole way home in wet clothes or partially undress.
"You win. We're done. We'll do the prize fight." Dean takes a step closer. "But you gotta bring everyone back. All the people, all the birds, Cas.” he pauses for half a second. “You gotta bring him back."
Dean throws his arm around Cas’ shoulders as he laughs. Eileen sticks her tongue out at him. Sam resigns himself right there to a life of this.
They're sun drunk and full of fair food and tacos. They let Cas drive them home that night. They had driven the little orange car so Sam joined him in the front seat. Dean and Eileen pass out together in the back seat.
Cas walks in the door a moment after Sam. He steps to the sink and washes dirt from his hands. It's half way through July and the heat loving plants are dutifully setting their fruit.
“I don’t know what that deputy thought when he saw us, but she let us go and never said anything about it when I saw her on Monday.”
“Sam, you know I don’t have to eat-” he looks at Eileen teaching the sign “sausage.” to Dean. “But if I did, I would want sausage pizza.”
“I’m sorry. I wish I was there with you.” He feels a tight knot of sorrow deep in his being. “I wish I knew why you keep ending up here.” He risks interacting with the scenery and sits down.
“You constantly thwart my duty, undo my work, and in the end banish me here. Why did you seek me out?” The illumination throws shadows over their face, one moment smoky quartz, the next acorn brown.
He doesn’t. Still too afraid he might scare off the thing he wants. He’s waited millenia for less, he can wait a little longer for this.
“You’re gonna let a dog sit in the Impala?” Sam feels there’s something off about this. Dean is tolerant of dogs at best.
"Sam has been doing important work at the bunker. He has friends and allies. He's built a relationship with Eileen. They’re building a life together, but you'll never stop being in it."
Sam is fresh out of a post run shower. He’s putting his socks on with one hand and texting Eileen with the other. The socks have a cartoon beaver on them with a speech bubble saying ‘Wood you be so kind?’. Cas gave them to him.
The darkness shifts and Cas sits up. In the time it takes to move his body, water slowly drips from the ceiling of a cave somewhere to form a stalagmite as thick as a #2 pencil. The next millenia he stands up. Time is strange here, but time has been strange for him since he spent more of it with humans. Once he could sit and watch the same thing for eons without even thinking of doing something else.
If anyone has a reaction to him calling Cas his, they don’t show it. Dean feels his face heat again but pushes on. “No, really. I like her.”
On a Tuesday afternoon he's there, splayed out on a blanket, his head thrown back, watching a bird jumping up and down the trunk of a distant oak.
There must be a plan. There have been so few times in all the years he has known them that there isn’t some plan to follow, even if it is a terrible one. Even if it means death and destruction.
They live, and die, and come back. They hug it out, and share a look, and shelve the meaning of it for the next time. Not this time though. God is done reviving Cas. Does God get a little thrill being omniscient and watching these two fools circle around each other and never connect? Probably. What an asshole.
Jack does visit. Even if it's only for a few minutes at a time. They catch sight of him and run to him like they aren’t a multidimensional celestial being and two men both nearer forty than twenty. He’s always positive. Tries not to tell them too much about his heavenly duties. He sits on the kitchen counter and drinks rootbeer, or plays scrabble, or participates in any other human activity he wants to.
Dean is already in the kitchen, digging through the cupboards and creating a grocery list. He sees the pizza box when Sam gets in and motions to it with a ‘gimme’ gesture. Sam rolls his eyes.
Sam has loaded a handful of books in the Impala, some half-assed sandwiches, wound care kit, extra clothes. He doesn’t know where they’re going or how long they’ll be gone. Jack is settled in the back seat. He has his fully charged phone in his pocket even though there’s no one to answer if he calls. He focuses on the beacon of a living being’s presence.
It's a very short poem, a few lines. Almost over before it's begun. Cas closes the book and sets it back on the stack. Looks at Dean looking at him.
The competition was not stiff. A couple who might have been on a date, two guys who just wanted some free tacos, a kid and their dad. Eileen and Dean gave it their all anyway. Made sure the corn tortilla is wrapped just so over the ground meat, onions, and cilantro filling. Ate each one in two bites, quick chew and swallow. They come out way ahead, everyone else pulling punches to try and get the kid to win. After their thirty one taco victory they get t-shirts with logos for a local radio station. They did get booed and heckled a little bit but took a bow anyway, just in time to miss Sam handing Cas a wad of bills.
Dean has turned back. Like Lot’s wife and Orpheus, and every beautiful human that has done the same before him. Cas would be overwhelmingly fond if he wasn’t being so reckless. He's running towards Cas but stops short, his body jolting before collapse.
They are often memories of hell or of people he failed to save. Occasionally things that never came to pass but could have. More than once they’re things that did happen, taunting him during the night, and making him jittery and worn out during the day.
Sound drifts in from the rest of the house. Dean washing the dishes, singing to the record player, the creak of him settling into one of the recliners. High and reedy he can just make out the theremin title music of Star Trek. He settles his head against another towel he had folded for just this purpose. He picks up the book from the floor and lets it flop open, the spine long cracked.
When Dean finally exits the car he realizes he has been pushing everything down so hard that he’s suddenly hit with an extreme need to pee. Then he needs to eat something, and if he’s feeling kind to himself, maybe have some water for the headache that’s been following him over the miles. But first to pee.
It's Sam that eventually heads toward the bedrooms. He takes a long shower. Washes, and conditions, and dries his hair even though he really didn’t need to. Finds comfort in going through a list of familiar tasks. Zones in and out brushing his teeth. Doesn’t realize he’s been at it for way longer than two minutes until he tastes blood in his mouth. He’s going through the motions of getting ready for bed. There is no tiredness in him now. His alarm clock tells him it's late but there’s no way to tell in the bunker. They did what they could tonight. Tomorrow he'll hit the books. There has to be something else they can try if the usual self-sacrifice didn't work. He attempts to clear his mind and go to sleep.
"Dean. I am a literal mind reader, but I do still need you to tell me what you’re thinking sometimes."
Cas really looks at him. He’s in a matching pajama set with beige merino wool socks that Sam had bought him on their last trip to the Tractor Supply. The hair on the back of his head is slightly mussed. He looks so warmly and comfortingly himself after the long darkness. The Shadow wants to sleep, would it bother staying awake to torment him?
Cas would wager Dean is praying as well. He’s been known to even if he doesn’t get an answer. Even if Cas is dead. He can guess but has never asked what Dean has prayed for when he’s gone.
“Hey, Cas! You coming?” He’s got one of his long legs in the truck already and is midway through hoisting himself in.
Cas feels a sudden burst of extra affection for Jack, settling down on his bed. The plan hasn’t worked. Cas hesitates at the edge. Would the spell be broken if he reaches out to Jack? Can he touch his hair, his face, try to sit beside him and pull him close?
"Well, if I was going to do anything about it, it probably wouldn't be right here." She turns serious again. "I did hate you for that. I could have let you die in that barn with the Grigori while trying to find my mom. My mom who went nuts and left me to try and find my dad. After my dad felt he was special and important enough to leave his family for God's will."
Dean steps into the garage with his green jacket over the shirts he slept in. The keys jingle in his hand as he starts the car. He says nothing.
In response Cas lets his grace shine through his eyes and displays his wings. As whole as when he was made. “Not quite.”
Cas feels that he will never understand Jack’s powers. He’s supposed to be without them after his last trip here.
He tries buying all of Sam’s favorite snacks and stashing them in the cupboard. Makes him fancy brussels sprouts from an internet recipe. Lets him pick the movies they watch together. Says Eileen can come over whenever she wants. Tries to be the good brother. He knows it won’t convince Sam to stay in the little house but he tries anyway.
He throws the sunflower colored afghan from the couch over Sam after nudging his legs to the floor. The last time one of them fell asleep that way, their back protested all day long. Dean is groggy and clings to him as he pushes him upstairs. Half awake, Dean steps out of his jeans and wiggles down under the blanket. Cas goes through his usual routine of turning on the lamp, checking that their phones are plugged in, and settling down in his spot for the night. Dean relaxes into bed on his stomach with his face smashed into his pillow.
"You need my blood too. Nick used my blood." Jack uses a knife to prick his finger, and blots the blood onto Dean’s jacket. “It hurt.” His finger throbbed when he had cut it, but that’s not what he meant. “When the blood was burned, it hurt.”
Meg is uncharacteristically quiet for a moment. He doesn’t know if she’ll understand all the things that have happened since Crowley stabbed her to death. Cas wishes, as he often does, that there was more time.
"You'll be okay. You can drive to Jody’s. We can leave a message, and when she gets back she'll help you. You can live a normal life, Jack." Says Dean ‘apple pie life is only for people who aren’t me’ Winchester. “We have to do this. We need one win.” A quick turn to look, his eyes flashing in the night.
"They have very well reviewed banana nutella crepes." Cas says, as if it's normal. As if they lay all over each other like this every day.
Cas has found a few bookmarks by now, and slides one between the pages. "Poems. I find them very illuminating. Would you like me to read you one?"
“Castiel." Chuck turns to him and tilts his head. “You keep putting yourself back in the narrative. Just can’t tell when you’re not wanted.” Chuck flicks his wrist and sends him flying back into the deep black body of the car.
"Goodnight, Sam." Cas has curled himself into the corner of the couch opposite Dean, they share a blanket.
Cas works his way up the stairs. At the top is a small bathroom opposite what would be considered a walk in closet if they were all half a foot shorter. He continues his examination of the little house, noting the anachronisms like having a washer and no dryer, the shelves of jars on the cellar shelves.
“Cassie.” Their small grouping gathers closer together, pressed in by the hum of other bodies in the dark.
The ride seems longer as they spend the long miles winding their way southeast toward route 66 in silence. Arriving sixish hours later at a gas station outside Joplin Missouri, Jack lets them know they’ve found the place. Sam fills the Impala, leaning against the sun-warmed body as he gazes out over the empty field. Jack walks off to stretch his legs. He kicks at dust with his white shoes as he meanders around the small building.
Where do you live when your name, your money, and your id is all fake? Somewhere they don’t ask a lot of questions. Somewhere three adult men who kind of look related if you squint aren’t going to be bothered. Thinking of where to settle led to deep discussions of the perks of Hibbing versus Sioux Falls versus Lawrence. Nothing seems to fit. They stay in Lebanon.
“We’re taking you back to the bunker. We’re turning ourselves in.” Dean turns the key in the ignition and speaks without looking at anyone.
“Getting the band back together, are we?” He’s in his deep V-neck shirt, same as the last time Cas saw him. “Well, I always did have a soft spot for you.” He cracks a smile.
"The rest of the day was quite easy. I did all the jobs on my list. And enjoyed them and had some time over." Cas is right there next to him. He can do it. He takes a deep breath and finishes the poem.
It’s strange yet pleasant to see a familiar face here, after all this time. Things around them are starting to get heated. You can’t reanimate mortal enemies without some tension. They carry on laughing, and crying, and fighting in the background.
Always the right feeling, never the right time. Dean should know there was never going to be a right time anyway. At some point he thought they would tie up these last loose ends and be done. He was waiting for a moment when the world wasn’t ending and nobody was dying. That was their whole thing. Maybe, maybe, almost, just missed. Not yet, not yet, too late.
“Okay? I just drop this on you and you say okay.” He stops leaning on the railing and ties his robe around himself. “Unbelievable.”
They're nightmares. Dean knows he's having nightmares.  When he wakes up sweaty, his ears ringing, and his heart pounding, he knows it's not real. They're terrifying anyway.
“Jack, I’m sorry.” He takes Jack’s clasped hands in one of his and gives a squeeze. The gesture to comfort himself as well as Jack.
He settled his knitting in his lap. He was working on some socks, it was amazing how many pairs of socks just two feet could walk through. Sam told him it was because he bought patterned socks from the dollar store. Cas just smiled and patched any holes.
Pressing it to his nose he inhales the smell of mint and some sharp citrus like notes. He unwraps it from the paper bag it came in. The bath bar is deep deep purple and shimmers in the golden glow of the bathroom lights. It's meant to look like the surface of the moon and Cas puts his fingers into one of the crater holes, the bar crumbling a little under the pressure. It releases a plume of byzantium purple dust that smells like eucalyptus. He lets it slide gently beneath the rising water in the tub where it bubble and fizzes.
