but his grip is much softer this time. Cas searches his face with wide, hopeful eyes, and Dean just guides Cas’ hand back to rest on his shoulder. He places it slightly lower, right over the mark Cas had left all those years ago.
He and Cas share a look, but they hurry back down the stairs. “What?” Dean bites. “I’m really not in the mood,” he says, and he shoots a glare at his mother as soon as she’s in his range of vision.
"I brought Dream Root, Sam. I'll go in and wake him up."
He moves so that his forehead is pressed into the tops of his knees. He still isn’t looking at Dean, he still can’t, but he’s closer to it now. He would only have to lift his head to meet Dean’s eyes. He doesn’t, he only nods his head.
“I love him, too. Different from how I love you. We’ve been together since Christmas,” he says.
he says. He doesn’t mean to let it slip out of his mouth, but it does. It’s there. He’s said it. He’s been thinking it for weeks, he’s known pretty much since he laid eyes on the guy in Art History that he’d be helpless to do anything
Until then, Dean’s got a pretty sweet little setup. He’s got a house in rural Indiana, the hottest husband he could ever ask for, and a daughter he never knew he could come to love so much.
Dean relaxes and looks up at Cas through hooded eyelids, giving him silent permission to fuck his mouth. He'd give verbal permission if his mouth wasn't otherwise occupied at the current moment.
—understand in the slightest. “What does that mean? Why me?”
either. No matter how badly he wants to.
There are a hundred questions racing through his mind. Weren't Djinn dreams supposed to contain everything that would make you the happiest? Cas' just looked... well, normal, except for the part where his father made an appearance. Nothing else was out of place, though. It fills Dean with a weird sort of warmth that Cas' perfect world is just the three of them at the bunker, living their lives.
Dean shakes his head, and tears well up in his eyes. “I love you, too, Cas. But I don’t know how the hell to go on without them,” he admits.
"Cas, bedroom. Please," Dean begs, trying to push himself up off the Impala. He feels Cas smile against his lips before he pulls back.
he booms, “And just how the fuck do you propose we do
Dean cradles Castiel to his chest, and Castiel lets himself be held. “Just stay,” Dean breathes. “Stay with me, Cas. Don’t leave.”
Dean does seem to be getting restless, almost like he’s forgetting how to keep his composure. It’s like he knows he’s supposed to be stressed, but he can’t remember what for. Cas thinks that if he didn’t know who he was or what was happening to him, he’d probably be restless too. Especially if there was a man holding him that he didn’t know or couldn’t remember.
He’s right, the fear is totally irrational, and his mom strokes his hair. “Thank you for telling me,” his mother says, and she presses a kiss to his temple. She pulls back just a little to swipe a finger with some grease on it across the tip of his nose. “And happy birthday, Dean.” The smile she’s wearing is one of the brightest ones he’s seen on her in years.
He thinks maybe he blacks out for a moment or two, because when he comes back to himself, he’s whimpering quietly as Dean strokes him through the last of the aftershocks. Dean’s lips are pressed to Castiel’s temple, and he’s whispering. “That’s it. You did so good, Cas. So pretty for me, all mine. You’re mine. I’ve got you,” he’s saying, and Castiel settles back against him a little further.
Dean nods again and kisses his way back down Castiel’s abdomen, sucking a kiss into his hipbone. “So gorgeous like this, Cas. All laid out for me. Just for me,” he whispers reverently, the small bottle of lube still clutched in one hand. Castiel feels the heat of Dean’s breath against his skin, the gentle press of lips to the underside of his cock. Dean laves his tongue back and forth there for a few seconds and Castiel is helpless to do anything but take it, to let Dean worship him in any way he sees fit. He hears Dean pop open the lube bottle, and he feels his heartbeat kick up inside his chest. He’s breathing hard and heavy before he even realizes it, tensing when Dean’s slick finger circles his rim.
“What’s next?” Castiel asks with his head thrown back as Dean travels lower. He presses kisses to Castiel’s jutting hip bones and prominent V-line, promising to give them some extra attention later. “It’s hardly fair that I’m half-naked and you are fully clothed,” Castiel complains as he tugs Dean back up.
Jack leaves before Castiel can decide whether to thank Jack or reprimand him.
“I’ll stay, Jack. Go on ahead.” Truthfully, Castiel doesn’t think he’s ready to see Dean again.
What Castiel doesn’t pick up on is the slight difference in the swishing of his grace, another familiar thrumming of parental origin.
I know I promised smut in the second chapter but the fluff ran much longer than I thought, so I had to split it up.
Castiel takes a long look around before speaking, “you’ve done so well already.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says when Castiel remains crouched on the edge. “We- uh, can we take things kind of slow?” Dean means to continue, to explain himself and all his fears, but Castiel looks up to him with such understanding that he doesn’t need to.
He starts with a flick of his thumb and Castiel bucks up.
As per usual, Sam is the one to bring up Dean’s nightmares in the most off-handed way, saying, “Maybe I should stick around for a few more weeks.” It’s the same suggestion Sam has been making for the last week and a half. Dean has drunk about half of his third black coffee, trying to stir away the desire to grab the whiskey just feet away. Sam’s words are of no help.
He doesn’t get to feel any positive emotion anymore. Not when Castiel is reliving every regret he has for the rest of eternity.
“You always had me,” Castiel says slowly like he’s approaching a snarling dog.
A weird, chick-flicky part of Dean says it’s because they don’t really need the physical closeness to solidify what they have. Their relationship isn’t built on physical touch, it never was. Their relationship was built on Castiel’s grace holding Dean’s soul as he saved him for the first, and certainly not the last, time. Dean’s soul is literally branded by Castiel.
Castiel doesn’t, and should never in Dean’s opinion, know just how much his death affected Dean every time he’s died, and just how quickly Dean had bounced back the instant Castiel was back. Thankfully, Sam and Castiel are easily distractable nerds.
“I suck at this, but uh, what you said before you left, the ‘wanting what you can’t have’ part, uh, Cas you know you can have that, right?” Castiel slowly turns his head back to blink dumbly at the ex-hunter. “Like, I know what you meant, and you’ve got it. You got me.”
Dean has half the mind to stop Castiel from getting him a glass of water and ushering him off to bed. He should stop them. They need to talk. He needs to talk.
“C’mon, with your powered-up mojo I’m sure you could just snap and get it out there,” Dean laughs as he elbows Castiel’s ribs.
He wants to say, “I’m okay now that you’re here.”
Dean wouldn’t say it out loud, but it’s cute how responsive Castiel is.
Dean drops his phone.
“Hurts,” Castiel pouts, moving his hips up to press against Dean. They both groan at the contact. How did they make it this far with so little contact?
A pregnant pause fills the air as Dean struggles to talk. His ever-patient angel only watches with a smile.
Castiel has some followers on Earth for reasons unbeknownst to him, so he gets a few prayers here and there. With his free will and wings back, he answers some of them. An elderly woman, who has prayed to him since she was a girl, prays to him about her grandson whose cancer is worsening. A religious father calls out to him every morning, praying for new opportunities to help his family. Castiel pays close attention to those two. He’s grown fond of them and their selflessness.
The day finally came that Dean Winchester came to heaven.
“Dean Winchester, tell me when exactly you had any time to process, much less heal from, anything that had happened to you since you were four years old?” Castiel questions. Dean doesn’t need to answer and Castiel already knows Dean’s answer. It was a matter of Dean understanding his point. Castiel takes a confident step forward and presses his forehead to Dean’s. “This won’t be easy. Heaven can’t cure PTSD, but we have all the time we need and then much more to get better.”
Dean can probably count on one hand how many times he’s heard Castiel swear. It isn’t like he can’t swear. Swearing is just more of a Dean thing that Castiel doesn’t pick up on, like his unlimited use of movie references and odd pet names.
The talk with Naomi was odd. Seeing her made Castiel’s chest constrict in a way that would have stopped him from breathing. It seems his body may have PTSD, but as an angel, he does not. It's far too complex for anyone to figure out considering Castiel is an anomaly. Anyhow, Naomi chose to stay and she blindly gave her trust to Castiel, although he told her he still cannot trust her. There was an implicit apology in it.
Castiel is in the middle of a meeting with the other angels, talking about how the humans are liking the change and what feedback they’ve received when a prayer comes through.
“I’m just saying, maybe you shouldn’t be on your own right now,” Sam sighs as he closes the fridge with nothing in hand. “You hear your voice, right?”
“What would I do without you?” Dean scoffs, but he’s looking at Castiel with such raw emotion, eyes wet and threatening to spill. They’re in the same boat.
Castiel begins planning on different jobs for each angel, consulting them beforehand on their job in heaven before and how they liked it. Once he presented his idea, the angels proposed only a few changes and it was set into motion.
Dean looks away from the lake to him with an incredulous expression. He assures, “No, man. You’re my best friend. I want you here.”
Jack continues to explain how the new heaven is connected. The rooms are not separated by visible walls, but only walls angels can feel. Human souls don’t register them. They take a walk as Jack shows a few examples of the rooms. Heaven is laid out much like America, and many rooms have been erased as people are put together. With fewer rooms comes more power to keep heaven running despite the lack of angels. There are no cities, but there are some closely laid houses that resemble a suburb.
“Mm, just want to see more of me, huh?” Dean says as he pushes his flannel from his shoulder and discards it to the side.
“You’re exhausted,” Castiel says like he’s saying he won’t leave. “C’mon. Water first, then bed.”
“I’m back,” Castiel says with a small smile.
“Just a nightmare,” Dean grumbles, more so because it’s part of his character than to direct his brother away. He knows better than that. Sam wouldn’t listen to him. The look he earns proves just that, but the sigh that escapes the younger Winchester promises not to make him go into detail. He’s been doing that more and more lately. “M’ good.”
“I don’t think I understand,” Castiel says so quietly neither could really hear.
“I- I deserve something good.”
Dean looks down to see Castiel’s dick flushed red and wanting. He can practically see it pulsing.
They both release a deep sigh once Dean is fully seated.
“Thank Jack,” Dean laughs dryly. The anxiety flooding his chest won’t go away and he’s starting to worry more if he’s making some mistake. He knows he loves Castiel, so why is he so nervous? Why can’t he just have one good thing?
Cas. Why don’t I get it? This shit is so easy for you.”
ooohoho! biggest chapter yet clocking in at a whopping 4.7k! let me know what u think <3
After a moment, Cas takes the bottle from Dean’s grip, and their fingers touch. Dean just sighs and leans into Cas some more, resting his head on his shoulder. He looks down at Jack in Cas’ arms, sucking away at the bottle. “He sucks those things down fast, real hungry kid. Shouldn’t take him long at all, and then I can burp him for ya. Or you can, and I can just talk you through it,” he offers. “Probably wanna make up for lost time, huh?”
He watches Dean get flustered and, oh, that’s
Claire rolls her eyes at both of them. “Why are you letting me skip school? You hate when I skip school.”
” he says firmly. “I wouldn’t leave this place. Not without you.”
“Goodnight, Mary,” Cas says over his shoulder, soft. Kind. God, Dean wants to kiss him.
Cas hums. “I promised you something—” he pauses to press a line of light kisses up to Dean’s ear, “—before you got your memories back,” his lips ghost the shell of Dean’s ear as he speaks, and Cas feels him shiver.
“Bye, Dean.” Click.
Cas smiles and he presses a kiss to Dean’s forehead. “Thank you,” he breathes.
Cas' hands are all over him, and Dean's mind is offline. Bluescreen, white noise. Nothing going on up there but a mantra of,
When all’s said and done, he searches the crowd for Cas first. He can find Cas, then track down Anna and Charlie and Garth, they can all find their parents, and then they can get the hell outta dodge and get
Dean’s clearly stalling, at this point. “Good,” he says. “And uh — I love you, kid.”
Cas must assume he's fully asleep and that he has been for a while, because he doesn't move to stand up when the credits start to roll. He just reaches his hand over to the top of Dean's head, running his fingers through his hair with a sad sigh. Dean allows himself to push a little further then, toeing the line. He knows he shouldn't. He just doesn't care right now, he can't.
The way Sam’s head snaps up and his eyes go wide almost makes Dean jump. The way he stammers for an answer to Dean’s question and the way his eyes are red-rimmed tells Dean everything he needs to know.
Great. That’s just his luck — fucking Lawrence. “Cool,” Dean says. “Thanks. I appreciate it.”
She balls up her fist and pumps it, “Yes! Fuck yeah, Cas!” Charlie says, reaching across the table to pat at Dean’s cheek. “You’ve
Once he’s sunk all the way in, Dean pauses. Cas just lets himself feel it. The slightly uncomfortable, but definitely not painful stretch. There are times when Cas can — not turn it off — but dull his Grace. If he wants, he can allow himself to feel a fuller scope of human sensation. Right now, the dial is as low as he can get it.
"Yes," Cas starts, sitting down at the table, "It's unpleasant, to say the least."
"Wake up, buddy. Come on, wake up."
As Dean’s eyes adjust, he can see Cas drenched in the moonlight pouring through the cracks in the blinds. He’s not fully illuminated, not by a long shot, but there’s a tiny strip of light right over his eyes, and it reflects a little more brightly than Dean thinks maybe it should. Cas’ eyes are just so damn
Dean thinks, but he doesn’t get any further than that before he’s squeezing his eyes shut and shaking his head. He’s stumbling backwards and searching for something —
they had a shot at bringing him back. This time just feels final. Dean stood and watched, in the very clothes still draped over his body, Cas die. He’d watched him get swallowed up, turned to nothingness. Once he was completely covered in black sludge, it didn’t even keep his form. It melted into a puddle and slid back behind the tree. Cas doesn’t even have a body anymore. There’s no way… there’s just no
Cas sighs and deflates even more, if that’s possible. “I think I might, yes. I can’t bend all the way over,” he demonstrates, and sure enough, he can’t even reach his toes. Dean’s gonna have to dress him at least part of the way. He’s always happy to help Cas, but he hates it because he knows that Cas does.
“You don’t have to tell me, Dean, I don’t wish to make you uncomfortable. I was just curious as to when you… popped in, I guess.”
"Am I making you uncomfortable, Dean?" Cas outright asks him. Dean doesn't remember Cas being this straightforward with him before getting taken by The Empty. Before the love confession. He actually
Cas grins and shakes his head again, because Dean is right. Of course Dean is right, he never sleeps with his boxers on. He watches Dean strip them off of him, leaving Cas stark naked beneath him. He doesn't feel embarrassed, or ashamed, or even shy. Everything is perfect. This is how it should be, how it's always been.
The rest of the ride is completely silent, the only sound in their ears is the sound of the car itself.
Castiel finally finds it within himself to relax, and as soon as he does, Dean’s finger is pressing inside of him. It’s almost agonizing, how slow he goes. The intrusion is something that Castiel is going to have to adjust to, but it’s not uncomfortable by any means. To have any part of Dean
Dean just swallows and nods his head. He waits a minute, and he looks like he’s contemplating maybe saying something, or doing something? Cas can’t tell. He knows Dean well, and he used to be able to read him like a book, even without
Their little life is perfect, and Dean doesn’t want anything more or anything less. He has exactly what he wants, and so does Cas.
Cas stares down at him, trails his fingertips down Dean’s chest until he reaches his cock. He thumbs at the head, smears the wetness there over it. Dean hums below Cas and starts sucking at his neck. “Love you, Cas. Love you so much,” he breathes into the skin there. He bites, sucks, licks, and kisses at the same spots over and over until Cas is whining and grinding down in his lap.
"No! No, well," he sighs, shaking his head. "Yes, but no. I don't-" he grumbles, why is it so hard to talk to Cas now? Why does he always get so flustered? Cas isn't acting like anything has changed, why is this so hard for Dean? "I don't... want you to stop. Just not used to it, is all," he grits out, gripping Baby's wheel tighter than necessary.
Dean gulps and essentially sprints out of the room and down the hall, and into his room. He grabs the bottle of lube from his bedside drawer and hurries back to Cas, probably nearly knocking the door off it's hinges as he swings it open.
He’s going to remember this. He has to. He will.
Anna’s in the kitchen cooking something, just like she does every day. She does her best to keep him fed, hydrated, clean. Dean feels like such a fucking baby, but he can’t think about
to his friends. Why would they think it’s a gay thing? Then again, there’s a good chance Charlie’s already clocked him, but she’s just been polite enough to keep her mouth shut. She probably just gets it, she’s probably just waiting for him to say it so she can say she’s known all along and they can all have a big laugh. Though, even just the thought of Charlie
“I love you.” A confirmation.
When Dean finds out that Cas left him, he’s less than pleased. He’s angry — rightfully so. Cas can feel it coming off of him. The longing isn't replaced by the anger, but it hums beneath the surface of it, now. Cas knows that his actions are inexcusable, but he also knows that with them, he kept Dean safe. As safe as a human could be in a place like this.
Shooting straight up in his bed, Dean panics. Nobody’s knocked on his door since he stopped speaking, so he’s not sure how to let Jack know he can come in, before he remembers he can just think
“Just you, here. In this bed. All day,” he says. He knows what he wants, has no idea how to ask for it. It’s been a month of this, and they still haven’t
He’s been so lost in thought that he doesn’t realize he’s been on autopilot, and he’s now sitting at the kitchen table and just… staring at the wall. Dean is staring at him. He blinks once and meets Dean’s eyes, and sees that he’s holding a sandwich.
Shaking his head, Cas folds his hands in his lap. “I think I’d like to just watch some TV. This week is for relaxing, so that’s what I think I’d like to do,” he says.
Dean smiles against his mouth and pulls back to clasp their hands together, leading Castiel into the kitchen.
Cas nods, and he looks like he’s focusing. “It appears that Sam’s first born has just had a child,” he says, and then he looks up to meet Dean’s eyes for the first time. “Your brother is a grandfather.”
Cas. And watch it with the fucking vice grip dude, Jesus,” he says.
Cas just kisses him, all over, lower and lower until he’s kissing along the elastic of Dean’s boxers. “Would you grab the lube out of the drawer, Dean?” he asks. He’s noticed that Dean has a physical reaction every time Cas says his name, so he’s taking advantage. He flicks his gaze toward Dean’s dick where it strains harder against his boxers as his name leaves Cas’ lips.
Cas answers him after a moment. "I believe I would have told you. Eventually."
Dean grins wildly, gums and all. “I can see it. You have really pretty eyes,” he says, and the smile on his face turns into the softest and kindest one that Cas has ever seen from him.
It makes him yelp, but he’s nodding without necessarily meaning to. He leaves his discarded robe draped over Dean’s thighs and moves to the side of the bed that’s unoccupied to lay on his back. His cock aches where it lays heavy between his legs, so he wraps his hand around the base and gasps as Dean’s eyes stay trained firmly on his form while he discards both of their robes somewhere across the room.
Dean wakes up, and for all of sixty seconds, he’s content.
Dean wills himself to stop the tears as he leans against the washing machine, breathing deep and slow. He turns back around to face Cas as he wipes the rest of the wetness off his face. He can't talk to Cas about this, not yet. Cas came back to life, shouldn't he be ecstatic? How is he even supposed to explain any of this to him at all?
As if on cue, there's a knock at the door and the handle is jiggling. "Dean?" he hears, and it snaps him back to reality.
Jack shakes his head, so Dean moves further into his room to sit down on the bed. He lays a hand on Jack’s shoulder to ground him.
“You are.”
When he miraculously finds his voice, “Is he okay?” comes out. He hears his voice crack as he words leave his lips.
Dean sits with that for a while, and then he sighs. “Well, is Dean perfect or something? Has he never made any mistakes?”
with people. He knows what to say to them, how to make them laugh, how to get them to like him. He’s having trouble with Cas, though. Is he just nervous? That has to be it, right? What else could it even be?
Cas happily indulges him and grinds his hips down against Dean’s own as he does so. They both groan, and Dean’s hands slide down to rest on the back of Cas’ thighs. He tilts his head from where he lays beneath Cas and deepens the kiss.
Sam holds up the sign for
Cas kisses him again and again and again, and okay — this has to stop, because Dean’s getting sand in places he
Cas presses uncoordinated kisses to his neck and chest, and Dean can feel the smile that accompanies them. “Yes, Dean. Happy birthday,” he says quietly. “I’m afraid I didn’t get you anything else,” he admits.
Dean watches Cas' adam's apple bob as he nods slowly. He's making
Cas must take this as a sign that he’s ready for more, because Dean feels the stretch of the next finger the next time he grinds down. It makes him gasp, makes his back arch. Cas is much bigger than two fingers, even three, but the stretch from one finger to the next never fails to send a jolt up his spine. “Yes,” he gasps, one hand flying to find Cas’ free one. He laces their fingers together and squeezes, reaching his other hand out to smooth across one of Cas’ wings.
Cas. If it is, he doesn’t want the guy to die from lack of oxygen before he claws his way out of the earth. Whatever put him there might not have been so kind as to provide him with a nice, neat pine box.
like he’s not a day over thirty. It freaks him out a little, but Bobby told him he can change that, if he wants. He can still get older, if that’s something he decides he wants. He could make himself look forty again with nothing but a thought. Maybe he’d snap his fingers for dramatic effect.
Instead, he twirls a longer piece of Cas’ hair around his finger and
, Cas. You know that. Hell, you probably
They climb back into the car, and Dean starts her up, but he doesn’t immediately put her in reverse to leave. He turns to Cas and opens his mouth. Then he closes it. Then opens it again. The words won’t come.
Cas stares up at him, disappointed.
Dean grins at her. “Good thing you’re not going,” he says. “Who wants to go to school on their birthday? Sit down and eat,” he says, and he puts a plate down in front of her.
Dean looks up at him like he isn’t quite sure who he is, but Cas sees no fear. “Sure,” Dean offers, shifting slightly in Cas’ arms. He’s rubbing his legs together and he can’t quite sit still, but Cas just rubs a soothing hand down his back and begins.
This isn’t something Dean ever thought he’d get to have. But he and Cas have been talking about
“I guess so,” Anna says. “I haven’t seen either of them. I was just gonna wake everyone up when breakfast was finished.”
and it seems to calm Jack a little faster, so it’s fine. If anything’s worth using his voice again, it’s comforting Jack. And besides, he’s not actually saying words. He’s just trying to offer comfort. “I’m sorry for what I said to you,” Jack says quietly, into Dean’s tear-soaked shirt. “I didn’t mean any of it. I was just mad.”
Their lips fit together easily, and they fall into a rhythm as if they've already been doing this for years. It's so easy with Cas, it comes so naturally in the moment. Its the times when Dean lets himself actually
“Boy, I’ve seen things you wouldn’t
“I love you,” Cas says. “I know you, Dean. I know your soul. I’ve seen it. I can see it now,” he whispers. “You’re beautiful. I’m going to get you through this, I promise.”
“I do, Cas. I do, which is why I have to
“How?” Cas asks, “Tell me how you want it. I’ll give it to you, just ask,” he breathes. He leans down to suck kisses into Dean’s neck, drawing blood to just beneath the surface so his skin flushes in the shape of Cas’ mouth.
hope u enjoyed! if somehow youre reading this DIRECTLY after ive posted it, im posting the first real chapter as soon as i get it formatted to ao3 and from there updates should be every tuesday for at least the next five weeks, since i have seven chapters written so far. after that i'm starting a new job and have no clue how often i can commit to updating. im not setting a number of chapters, because when i do that i always get derailed. right now its looking like 12, including a prologue and epilogue, but that could change at literally any time. so anyways! i hope you enjoy <3
Cas folds the book in his hands closed, keeping his place with one finger. “Did she tell you?”
until somebody tells me what the
Dean’s hands flatten against Castiel’s chest, and he slides them up over his shoulders and beneath the robe. He reaches around to the back of Castiel’s biceps to slowly rid him of the robe, leaving it pooled beneath Castiel’s hips and atop his own thighs. He brings his hands forward once more, and Castiel can’t meet his eyes, so he watches Dean’s hands instead. They’re back on his chest now, and he’s rolling both of Castiel’s nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. He doesn’t pull or twist or do anything to inflict any amount of pain, he’s just touching. Exploring.
Cas shushes him and grinds the heel of his palm against Dean’s cock. He presses kisses just above his waistline, nipping at his hips every few seconds. “If you want something, you need only ask. I’ll give you anything, Dean,” Cas says reverently. He tugs Dean’s zipper down with his teeth, never breaking eye contact.
Mary smiles down at him. “I promise, Dean. You just stay here with Sammy, mommy won’t be gone long. If you see the sun and I’m not back, call 911.”
“I love you,” Cas says into his mouth. “You’ll see me again. It won’t even be that long. And it’ll take time for us to get to where we are, but — I gave up Heaven for you, Dean. I rebelled for you. For
eat anything anybody puts in front of you
how weird what he just said was. Dean has to give him credit, at least he’s self-aware, because sometimes, Dean thinks Cas has got to be one of the weirdest people he’s ever met.
“KU, huh? That’s in… Lawrence, isn’t it?” Bobby asks, skepticism lacing his voice. Dean knows it’s the town he was born in, but it’s not like he remembers anything about it. It’s not like he’s returning home or some stupid cheesy shit. He’s just headed off to college in another state. And besides, KU is the only school willing to give him a full ride.
They make lunch together, and Cas
Cas shakes his head. “I don’t think we can do anything, Dean. I’m just as human as you.”
Dean hollows cheeks even more, and Cas is groaning and squirming and pushing his dick deeper into Dean's mouth, testing his limits. Dean decides that he can handle it and he relaxes his throat, and
they’ve set their mind to,” she says. “Are you gonna let me finish?”
, thank you very much. Cas is leaning on the armrest of his chair, leaning toward Dean. Their shoulders are pressed together and Dean's heart is racing so fucking hard he's
There’s silence on the other end of the line for a beat. His heart rate picks up. It can’t be. There’s no way. Regardless, he asks the question, “Cas?”
“I missed you,” Cas says, defying Dean’s suggestion to stay quiet pretty much instantly.
He throws the towel somewhere across the room and elects to deal with it later. He wants Dean in his arms.
Soon enough, Cas is dressed again and sitting pressed against Dean on the sofa, their bodies lined up from shoulders to thighs. Dean pops open both of their beers, clinks his bottle to Cas’, and takes a swig. He pops on the TV and flicks through the channels until he lands on something that’ll make decent background noise, but that he won’t have to pay a lot of attention to.
“Then study,” Charlie says, shrugging her shoulders. “We aren’t gonna stop you.”
He can feel Dean’s own cock pressing against the small of his back. He wiggles back against it, reaching a hand behind himself to pull Dean’s head against his neck. Dean
Cas smiles fondly at him as Dean puts his plate down, the syrup next to it so he can decide for himself how much he wants.
Dean nods. “Probably a frozen pizza or two in the fridge. Sammy can eat a whole one by himself.”
Dean nods, closes his laptop. The break doesn’t have to wait until the pizza gets here. He can take his break
Dean just circles his arms around Cas’ waist, his wounds so healed that they don’t hurt him anymore unless pressure is applied. Dean presses kisses into his shoulder and let’s Cas lean back against him until Mary walks back into the room, putting two plates of spaghetti down on the coffee table in front of them.
It takes them a little longer to get home than normal — Baby doesn’t do so hot in the snow, so Dean always takes extra care when it’s nasty outside. They walk up the stairs together, kick their wet and snowy shoes off by the door, and Cas flops down on the couch while Dean grabs beers from the fridge. “I’m gonna change, do you want something else to wear? You’re gonna be here all night, and this is supposed to be relaxing. No offense, but I don’t think I could relax if I tried if I was wearing what you’re wearing.”
Castiel has never seen or heard anything more glorious than Dean Winchester coming apart as he moves inside Castiel’s very body. He tightens his thighs around Dean’s middle to elicit another moan, and he lets a few out himself. He’s whining every time Dean slams home, his back arching off the bed. If he had the brain power to be embarrassed, he probably would be, but he isn’t. Dean only seems spurred on when Castiel allows himself to be vocal, so he allows himself to forget about the shared occupancy of the Bunker for a few short minutes as Dean moves inside of him.
He hears Dean's voice from behind him, but no, that can't be right. Because Dean is right next to him. His head snaps up to check, and sure enough, there's Dean.
necessarily, but there’s no bad blood. He actually breathes out a sigh of relief, he can use this to his advantage.
It doesn’t take Sam and Rowena long to have everything set up, and Rowena walks over to Dean to take him by the arm and lead him over to the table where she’ll perform the spell. Cas sits back down on the bed and folds his hands in his lap. His chest aches a little bit, there’s a tug at his heart. Everything he’s just told Dean will probably be wiped from his head in a matter of seconds. Cas really can’t tell if he’s devastated by it or if he's relieved.
Dean shakes his head again. “Of course I do,” he spits, his tone laced with bitterness. “‘Cause you wanna get home so fuckin’ bad to some bastard that kicked you out of your home without so much as a goddamn place to sleep at night. ‘Cause I’m not good enough, even though I make sure we got a roof over your damn head and food in your stomach at least once a day. You — you wanna go back to starving on the goddamn streets just to get away from me,” he says, and the words are pouring out of him — he couldn’t stop them if he tried. “And you know what the worst part is?” he asks, and then he’s standing up, and — and this is about to become their second fight of the day. “I get it. I fuckin’
“Hello?”
Nothing.
he grumbles.
Dean nods. “Okay,” he says. “Alright. So, have you always known this? Have you just kept the secret your whole life until—until, what? Until the voices got too loud? What are the voices all about, anyways? Is it happening right now?” he asks. He has a habit of rapid-firing questions, apparently.
Dean just presses forward. He has half a mind to crawl into the tub with him, fully clothed. If Cas wasn’t hurt as bad as he is, Dean thinks he probably would. He exercises what little restraint he possesses and stays firmly on his side of the tub’s barrier, but he doesn’t slow down his kisses.
“Be right back,” Dean tells him, and he hustles down the stairs to find Missouri staring at him like he’s crazy. “He forgot his clothes,” Dean says. “I didn’t want him to put the dirty ones back on, and he would’ve.”
and he's disgustingly touch-starved. Dean knows that Sam and Cas have both noticed that he doesn't go out to bars to pick up chicks anymore. They both know he's certainly never brought anyone home. Sure, he misses sex sometimes, but mostly what he misses is
Dean calls Sam first, to help him prepare the body. They’re sending Cas off with a Hunter’s funeral, of course they are. It’s what he wanted. And someday, Sam will do the same to Dean with help from Eileen. It’s just the way things are.
“Dean, go get your brother. Dinner’s ready. Cas, sweetheart, will you help me set the table?” Mary says.
“Dean? What is it?” His mother asks, and she walks up behind him to rub his back. As mad as he is at her, he allows her to comfort him, because now it’s the fucking apocalypse and he could very well lose her at any second.
Cas just nods gratefully and stands up from his seat, heading toward the bathroom.
To be fair, he
“What were you talking to my mom about?” His voice is timid when it comes out, he’s closer to sounding like the 13-year-old that decorated this room as opposed to his nearly 22 year old self. He has an inkling, but he’s not happy about it.
“Sometimes,” Cas answers honestly, “But not always.” He smiles.
Dean is so happy to follow directions, to be told exactly what to do. Cas knows Dean to be a gentle soul, but he had expected Dean to be… feistier, maybe? But he just… isn’t. He’s happy to hand over control and let Cas do as he pleases.
“I think I can take it from here, Dean,” Castiel says, leaning up to take the washcloth from Dean’s grip. He curls his legs back up to his chest to hide his arousal, and the head of it rubs against his own stomach, making him release a noise that he can’t help but be ashamed of.
They sit down at a booth across from each other in one of the corners, and Cas fiddles with his menu for a while. Dean doesn’t need to look at it — he’s been eating Waffle House since he first moved here for school, and he knows exactly what he wants.
“I’m not a baby, Dean, you don’t need to hold my hand. I’m seven,” Sam says, pulling his hand out of Dean’s. Dean huffs, but he guesses Sam has a point. He still keeps his eyes on the kid all the way up to the door.
Dean waves a hand at him. “Whatever, dude. You’re getting a present from me. Probably mom, too. She just likes to give gifts.”
watching Westerns without him. “You’re not gonna visit home?” he asks, and it strikes him for what feels like the hundredth time how little he knows about Cas. He doesn’t even know where
Jack steps closer and rests a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, “Good. I’ve still got a lot of work to do, but here.” Light floods the surrounding area and the thrumming of Castiel’s grace grows in size and strength. His once flayed, damaged wings make sharp cracking noises as the metaphysical bone breaks and resets itself. Even his flight feathers grow back in. There is something new in his grace, and it isn’t long before he knows it’s the power of creation.
Castiel visited Mary next, to which he solemnly apologized to her. Instead of anger, Mary pulled him into a tight hug and thanked him for all he’s done since.
Castiel wept as he flew away, giving Bobby the time to catch Dean up on heaven’s remodeling. He catches Bobby saying, “Well, Cas helped,” but took off before he could see Dean’s reaction to the news.
“Dean, I’m real,” Fake-Castiel pleads gently.
“Here.” Sam holds Dean’s colt out to him as a peace offering. After the second time he’s had to wake Dean that month, Sam has started grabbing the gun and moving it away before waking Dean from the same memory that creeps into his head every night.
“Obviously."
“You let my Patience and James choose to see me, you hear?”
“I’ve been busy. Heaven is under a complete remodel and I'm the only angel able to ‘rewire’ everything,” Castiel explains, his hands coming up to do air quotes. There is a word in Enochian for the way Heaven is thread together, but it doesn’t translate to English.
“You’re human,” Dean states. A delirious chuckle rises out of Castiel before Dean understands how weird that likely was. He’s quickly realizing just how weird everything is. He’s standing in his kitchen kissing his dressed-in-many-layers, male best friend who has been dead for a month and is only alive because Dean cried so much, while he himself is barefoot in his boxers with a black t-shirt and old red flannel on.
“I love you.”
The prayer that comes through is neither the elderly woman nor the religious father, but the gruff voice belonging to a man he’d fallen in love with.
It’s effortless for Castiel, hiking his legs up to his chest. Dean turns red just watching him, but the sight of Castiel’s trusting blue eyes makes him swallow his nerves. He grabs under Castiel’s legs and pulls him closer to the edge of the bed.
“How?” Dean’s voice breaks again.
They’re in one of the bunker's bathrooms with Castiel right in front of the mirror and Dean to his right. On the sink is Dean’s supplies of shaving items: a straight razor, one of those round brushes, pre-shave oil, facial soap, shaving cream, and aftershave. The light above them flickers occasionally like it’s going to go out soon. It's quiet and domestic, something both of their lives have never been.
,” Jack wrote. Pride swells in Castiel’s chest and he’s thankful his newly replenished grace hasn’t taken the human in him. It feels more like an extension. As if Castiel was human first, and then given his grace.
An angel or two stop by to talk to Jack, acknowledging Castiel with polite fear.
So if Dean never reaches out to him, Castiel will stay away. And on the off chance that Dean does want to see him, Castiel will assure him that he expects nothing and hopes things don’t change.
It isn’t until Dean’s lungs burn with the need for oxygen that he pulls away. Those bright, angel blue eyes flutter open and his pink lips are thoroughly kiss-swollen and slightly parted. They exhale at the same time, and it’s the first time Dean really registers that Castiel is breathing.
Either way, thank you so much for reading.
“I should call Sam,” Dean sighs. He does just that, telling his brother that he’s seeing things and Sam immediately switches to video calling him to confirm Dean’s suspicions.
“No, no. I’m not dealing with this. The nightmares I can deal with. I’m not dealing with seeing you while I’m awake too. Fuck off,” Dean growls at the man standing in the kitchen by the coffee pot. Fake-Castiel turns to him with those squinty blue eyes that are so insanely accurate to the real Castiel that Dean has to take a moment to collect himself.
“Mm, just want to see more of me, huh?” Dean says as he pushes his flannel from his shoulder and discards it to the side.
“You once told me fishing was something you did to ‘zone out’ and forget about things. You don’t seem to be doing that with me here,” Castiel explains.
“I remember it now—both times. I remember when you pulled me out of hell, and how I begged to stay. I remember when you brought me to Bobby and how I begged you to stay. Why didn’t you?”
The images that flashed before him were not of Missouri’s mind, though they were her memories. Instead, Castiel saw Dean and felt the ripping pain inside him with the death of Castiel. When Missouri pulled her hands away, Castiel was left confused. She quickly clarified, “Dean Winchester’s grieving for you was not brotherly, Castiel. You tell that boy to get his head out of his ass, or you send him my way and I’ll do it. I’m tearing him a new one either way for not saying anything during that confession of yours.”
In the end, they both end up on the floor with shaving cream absolutely everywhere. Once they settle, Dean gets more shaving cream and gets to work actually shaving Castiel’s face, explaining, “you have to be really careful. Always go with the way the hair grows. If you would pop a balloon doing this, don’t bother. It isn’t worth nicking your face. And you look good with scruff anyway.” Castiel listens closely as he always does, but a large amount of praise is something new, and he feels dizzy from it. Eventually, Dean hands him the razor and instructs him which way to go on different parts.
This was not what Castiel expected, but in hindsight, he might have at least expected the psychic to tell him something he hadn’t known. The hug was nice.
Those boundaries include rules for the both of them. Castiel must let Dean know if he’s going somewhere for an extended period of time (more than a day), and vice versa. And when someone leaves for a day or two, they stay in contact. No radio silence.
Everyone Chuck took away from them had come back days after he was gone. Sam got Eileen back; Charlie got Stevie; those parents got their children. But Dean, poor Dean, didn’t get his love back right away.
“No, I didn’t mean it like it was your fault I didn’t have you. Still bad at this talking thing, y’know. I meant that I’ve let myself have you. Before I couldn’t fathom how you, an angel of the lord, could ever want to stick around humans, much less me. I thought that’s why you always left for heaven.”
It roughly translates to, “
And isn’t that just ironic? The once stoic, robotic angel is now the beautiful instrument that can express every emotion flawlessly, and the human, so flawed with emotion, is robotic and unable to express even the most basic emotions.
“I got you, Cas. I’ll take care of you,” Dean whispers as he lines himself up. The first push in is uncomfortable for both of them and Dean wonders if he did something wrong. He quickly sees he hasn’t done anything wrong when Castiel’s mouth drops open in a little ‘o’ and his eyes widen. Little by little, Dean works his way in with shallow thrusts.
If Dean wasn’t preoccupied with hitting his release much sooner than he has in years, he would have noticed the shiver that ran down Castiel as he cried his full name. He’ll have plenty of time later to notice and use that to his full advantage.
Castiel made sure he personally handled those closest with the Winchesters—starting with Bobby. It seemed Jack was unsure of what should be done with Heaven’s prison. Each cell was designed to suit the person it held: Bobby’s had his rocking chair and beer.
“You sure?” Dean asks, insecurity tightening his chest. Castiel looks like he’s struggling not to roll his eyes before he pulls Dean down to kiss him. They make out like a couple of teenagers until Castiel completely relaxes, and Dean gets over himself. They both want this. They both need this.
“Dean!” Sam calls from the darkness.
“I love you too.”
“For me, I know that now. It’s still hard to believe sometimes, but I think I’m starting to get used to it. You’re it for me, and I don’t want it any other way.
CONTENT WARNING:
Maybe being around Dean makes him just a little more human.
Dean shows him how to set up the pole along with his chair so if the line starts moving, he has time to grab it. Then they just sit and watch the waves travel. It’s peaceful, and Castiel can’t help but feel he’s invading Dean’s space once again. The need to fly away grows with every passing moment to the point that Dean takes notice of Castiel’s restlessness.
They stayed for a week, Dean filling up on mom-made food to put a bear preparing for hibernation to shame and Castiel catching up with Claire, Kaia, Alex, and Jody more than likely necessary. Jody also teaches Castiel everything Dean hasn’t about being human. Mostly the hygiene and self-care stuff. Although, Dean is going to have to teach him to shave.
“Dean, it’s me,” Fake-Castiel says, not stepping closer. The coffee pot whistles, but Dean’s hallucination makes no move to get it.
As soon as the last angel leaves to go back to their work, Castiel is flinging himself in Dean’s direction. He finds him at the same dock Castiel has intruded his psyche to talk to him at before. Dean doesn’t notice him at first, but there is a second lawn chair set up beside him with a green cooler between.
“No.” Pause. “I feel my presence may be bothersome.”
He wants to say, “I love you.”
“Oh, so you probably can’t stay long?” Dean asks as his eyes flicker over to the extra seat. Now that Castiel is looking, he sees the extra pole laying beside the chair meant for him.
“Cas!” Dean stands. His pole is forgotten behind him as he wraps his arms around the angel. Castiel tenses as he returns the hug, not allowing himself to fully accept the affection. Perhaps they will just pretend Castiel had never said anything. He’s not sure he can do that very well. “How have you been, man?”
After they stay a few days at Sam and Eileen’s, they hit the road for Sioux Falls to see Jody and the girls. As much as Claire would deny it, she definitely cried when she saw Cas and Dean. It seemed she cried harder when she saw Dean, for reasons later explained to him by Jody as, “You’re always different without him— quiet like a storm is brewing up there. Claire couldn’t stand seeing you like that. She idolizes you, y’know?” She then handed Dean and beer and he declined it as much as Jody’s kind words made him feel vulnerable.
occurred to him that he could just make the line go out there without tossing it himself. After weeks of using his new powers, one would think it would be second nature to do it that way.
“Good. That’s good,”  Dean coughs.
“Will ignoring you get you to go away?” Dean asks though it’s more of a question to himself.
Jack smirks, a new expression Castiel isn’t sure he’s seen before, but it looks awfully similar to Dean’s, and says, “Simple. The Empty was already weak from when I… exploded, and so I propositioned it: I get you back and put them to sleep, or I wake every angel and demon up so the Empty will never even hope to sleep again.”
It seemed talking to each angel individually was the right thing to do. He could spend the time explaining himself, his actions, and now his intentions. A few were skeptical. He reassured them that he plans on earning their trust back, and not demanding their respect. He told them he was going to do this right.
A long talk was had about Dean using more words of affirmation. That rule made the hunter nervous. Expressing his emotions through words was harder than anything he’s ever done, and they have fought God and won. His nerves melted away when Castiel expressed that even just being told to stay, or that Dean wants him there, was more than enough. There just needed to be something.
“Right. Well, this is the part I need help with. I don’t trust anyone else to run this place as it should. Heaven was so closed off and lonely, but having an open-world would be much too complicated and there are not enough angels to keep the place running. Instead, everything is connected to closely placed rooms.”
“Dean, please. I- I need…” Castiel whimpers with his head buried in his arms. Dean gulps. His self-control is waning with every ripple of muscle along Castiel’s back; every small gasp; every swivel of his hips. Withdrawing his fingers, he prepares himself. Castiel looks back over his shoulder to see what’s taking Dean so long to put more fingers in him. At the sight of Dean rolling a condom on, he rolls onto his back.
Wait.
By the time they get back to the bunker, Castiel’s scruff has grown out a little and Dean decides it’s time to teach Castiel how to shave properly. Dean had Castiel show him how he’d done it before to see what he was working with, and they soon realized how painful reliving Castiel learning to be human was.
“‘Castiel’ makes me remember who I was before you, but it feels different when you say it: like I could never be that guy again,” Castiel explains.
“Not anymore.”
Castiel doesn’t have to answer. His awkward silence has always meant yes.
Castiel’s body is exactly as it had been, same height and weight, even the trench coat. He was completely intact. His grace was still a small thrum in his chest, depleted from a once pounding force that encompassed him completely. That small thrum pulsed pleasantly and it was that that made Castiel recognize where he is.
“Found it,” Dean says with a grin, suppressing the arousal swarming in his stomach. He’s not sure how long he’ll last if Castiel keeps making those soft whines. Castiel rocks backward with his eyes on Dean and Dean momentarily forgets how to breathe.
Not existing in one moment and then suddenly existing is one of the oddest sensations one can feel—though many have never experienced this. It is not the same as coming back from the dead, although that is what had happened too. The fact is, Castiel’s physical body was taken along with him into the Empty, so it should no longer exist.
“Too slow,” Castiel grunts as he pushes Dean to lay down. He straddles him. With one hand reaching behind him, he gives Dean a few strokes before lining himself up and sinking down. “Fuck,” Castiel whispers.
“Oh. Do you
“Then yes.  Now stop talking about unimportant things. What do we do next?” Castiel pushes and steps closer. He slots his body against Dean’s and their pelvises press together. Dean stops himself from throwing his head back and instead, brings his head down to kiss Castiel. He nips at his angel’s bottom lip and Castiel reacts like he had hoped for. With his mouth now slightly parted, Dean takes full advantage. Castiel groans softly into his mouth as Dean flicks his tongue playfully against Castiel’s.
There is a tense pause
“I reunited the two when Jack and I were first merging heavens.”
“No, I won’t be controlling anyone’s choices, but I don’t want to lose you again. The Winchesters will be here soon anyway,” Jack says softly. Castiel smiles proudly. His son truly will be the best God.
Standing there on the dirt road with him is not Chuck, but his son, Jack.
He wants to say, “I’m sorry.”
Dean throws his fist blindly, but his wrist is caught. Instinct takes over and he twists, swiping his hand under his pillow for his gun, but it isn’t there.
“Get inside me,” Castiel says immediately. A laugh rises from both of them.
This is all smut and doesn't contribute to the storyline. I'm also asexual with some experience, so this could be very inaccurate. Constructive criticism is very welcomed, I love to improve. Have a great day!
“Fine,” Sam gives in. He grabs some box of no cholesterol, no sugar, no taste cereal and sits down beside his brother in companionable silence.
And now it did exist; he’s in it. The air around him has been pushed aside forcefully to accommodate the sudden mass intruding. The need to apologize to his surroundings arises and he quickly realizes it’s the first emotion he’s felt coming back: guilt. That should probably be symbolic, but he doesn’t have the energy to look into it.
They laugh as they cry and cling to each other.
Castiel didn’t comment on that, he only placed a hand on Bobby’s shoulder and flew them to Bobby’s new heaven. It was fitting he shared a heaven with Ellen at the roadhouse. The two were happy to see each other, and Ellen gave him a hug. Castiel quickly realized Jo wasn’t there while Ash was in the back and he snapped her there.
“Yes. I’m rather calm. I don’t understand why I’m shaking,” Castiel says as he stares at both his hands. Dean takes the blade away and sets it on the kitchen sink. Standing closer to the freshly human man, Dean places his hands on his waist. The tremble of Castiel’s piano player hands comes to a stop as they breathe together. “I think it might have been the blade,” Castiel whispers. The shame in his voice is apparent and yet another reason for Dean’s guilt: He made Castiel feel like being weak around him was something to be ashamed of.
“Human souls have their own type of body language.” Heat rises to Castiel’s face as he admits he’s not as socially capable as he wants. “You held on to me, though. I knew you recognized me then.”
Dean’s neck cracks from the speed he looks up from the sink with. “I don’t care about how ‘useful’ you can be, man. I never really have. I just, I was a dick. When I made you leave, Cas, you gotta know it wasn’t because you weren’t useful. Sam was-”
“I knew you two idjits would get all that staring sorted out,” Bobby smiled.
The dude was an angel, and now he’s a human. Dating an anomaly was hard. Give him a break.
Dean calms back down and takes a look at his surroundings. A smashed glass on the kitchen floor, no big deal. Spilled honey-colored whiskey contrasting the polished grey concrete, expected. A broken chair, odd for his average panic attack but not impossible. A man in a trench coat standing in the doorway, normal.
Though no one can really blame Castiel for confessing before the empty took him. He’d truly believed he was never coming back, so no awkwardness would arise. He’d do anything to keep Dean from being uncomfortable now that they’re free from Chuck.
Castiel tears his eyes away from Dean, admitting, “I don’t understand.” A laugh comes from Dean, but it isn’t one of malice.
He isn’t sure why he says it, and he starts regretting it as it comes out of his mouth, but he bitterly mumbles, “Daddy’s blunt instrument.”
“Not even close to done with you, sunshine,” Dean promises. Castiel looks at him questioningly before his eyes grow comically wide. Dean holds up the bottle of lube with a raised eyebrow.
Right, small talk. That’s something Castiel can do.
“We can talk when you aren’t hungover and I’m not incredibly disoriented,” Castiel says as if he’s reading Dean’s mind. “I’m not reading your mind, you’re babbling.”
Both of them stop breathing. Castiel doesn’t need to breathe, he does it out of habit nowadays. Dean’s declaration stops Castiel from mimicking the action anyway. There’s a long pause while Castiel comprehends what the other had said while said other internally panics despite knowing his feelings are requited. Dean looks down at his boots, stuffing his hands in his pockets and willing his heart to slow down.
Dean momentarily detaches himself from Castiel as he digs in his nightstand. He comes up with a bottle and condoms and returns to his spot between Castiel’s inviting legs. Tanned hands are quickly on him as he returns and he’s pulled down into a needy kiss. He braces himself with a knee on the bed and a hand just beside Castiel’s head to hold him. His other hand travels slowly down to cup the tent in Castiel’s pants. Nerves come creeping back up Dean’s spine as he applies a little pressure, but the overwhelming need to please Castiel is far stronger.
Dean didn’t feel the need to make a rule about Castiel doing him favors, though. It seemed Castiel was already aware of Dean’s love language and carried that out effortlessly.
“Propositioned.”
“Of course,” Castiel promises.
As soon as Dean is in bed, stomach sloshing with the amount of water he downed despite Castiel’s warning that he’ll waterlog himself, he drifts into a dreamless dream. Castiel doesn’t leave him until he’s completely under.
Castiel’s grace guides him to turn around, strumming to a beat he’s only ever felt in the presence of God—Chuck. There is panic in his chest, a human feeling he’s grown accustomed to,  as he turns to face Chuck. Perhaps they hadn’t won, and there was going to be some punishment for what he’d done. Had being doomed to staying in the empty for eternity for loving Dean Winchester not been enough?
“Stay,” Dean is quick to reply. He doesn’t need to think about what he wants to say when he’s already spent hours and hours pouring over every time he wanted to say more, wanted to do more, should have done more. “Don’t leave.”
Castiel has always understood Dean’s body language in times when Dean can’t speak his mind. Now is no different.
After washing Castiel’s face, Dean moves on to trimming with an electric razor. Castiel only moves when Dean gently moves his face, the side of his finger and the pad of his thumb guiding him up or down; left or right. It’s far too intimate for Dean, and he has to keep clearing his throat and looking away for a moment. Either Castiel doesn’t notice or he recognizes that Dean may not be comfortable but is enjoying himself anyway and doesn’t mention it. Dean has Castiel apply the pre-shave oil as he collects himself.
“Don’t. Don’t say it. I can’t-”
From Castiel’s understanding, friendships are often very awkward when one has romantic feelings for another and the other does not. He’s seen it in many movies, and besides the Winchester’s and the time he spent as a human, Castiel learned many social rules from movies and television. In some movies, friendships were even ruined. It was the main reason Castiel never said a word to Dean before. Although he had told Dean he loved him while he was dying before. Turns out telling everyone he loved them after made Dean misunderstand what he’d meant.
There’s a pause before Castiel tilts his head up and kisses Dean’s jawline.
“Stop, it’s me. It’s Sam. You’re safe, Dean,” the familiar voice of his younger brother cuts through blind panic and adrenaline. A few blinks later and Dean is staring into his brother’s soft brown eyes. God, he hates that look.
“You called me Castiel.”
They spend the first day together, getting reacquainted with how they were and the new parts of their relationship. They spend the first day establishing boundaries, as Castiel would say.
Dean steps in front of Castiel to open the door for him, but his gentlemanly efforts are ignored. Instead, Castiel grabs the front of his shirt and pulls him along.
Then comes a copious amount of shaving cream that Castiel is positive isn’t necessary, but the mischievous grin Dean gives him as he makes a white beard and calls him Santa Claus is worth not pointing it out. Instead, Castiel takes some of the shaving cream from his chin and swipes it on Dean’s cheek in retaliation. The dumbfounded look Dean wears after he realizes what Castiel did is rather cute, and Castiel takes the moment to lean in and kiss it away.
It hits Dean that Castiel is probably loud in bed because he was never a teenage boy living with other people. Dean thanks the world (because thanking the new God, Jack, their son, would be gross right now) that Castiel doesn’t hold anything back. Dean could live off the deep groan Castiel lets out when Dean gently bites down on the muscle between the neck and shoulder.
“You met my dad?”
With the angels to assist, Castiel began the process of making others aware they are in heaven, and that they can now see their families. Many had questions that he answered with, “There has been a change in leadership. We want everyone to make their own choices.” Some seemed content with that, others did not. Either way, Castiel didn’t say much more.
“You aren’t hallucinating, Dean,” the figure moves more into the dim light of the kitchen. A laugh bubbles up his sore throat. Another night of yelling himself hoarse starting to permanently affect his voice.
“So we’re just going to leave the bathroom a mess?” Dean teases as his angel pulls him down the corridor. Castiel shoots him a warning glare and Dean shuts up immediately. Well if that look didn’t awaken something in him, nothing would. He would certainly not be opposed to Castiel using that look on him when he lets Castiel have control someday.
“That’s okay. I got it,” Dean says. He carefully takes the razor and holds Castiel’s face as he had before. The trust in those blue eyes is undeniable, and Dean almost shudders. “If Sammy could see just how chick flicky my life has become,” Dean jokes instead. He can only go so far outside his comfort zone, okay?
Bad idea.
Thank you so much for reading!
“No chick flick moments,” Castiel replies with hardened eyes before those patient blues return and a shy smile makes the corners of his lips curl upward. A painful laugh escapes Dean, but it loosens something in his chest and he can breathe a little easier.
“I should call Sam,” Dean sighs as his vision clouds and darkens. His mind slips from him, but his head doesn’t hit the ground like he’s pretty sure it should.
“You have to go?” Dean guesses.
“I’m sorry if I’ve made things awkward now between us with what I had said. You are still my best friend, and I don’t expect anything more,” Castiel says quietly into his shoulder. Dean wants to yell at Castiel, angered by the fact that Castiel doesn’t understand what he’s feeling. Except he can’t be mad at his best friend for not knowing when Dean can’t swallow his guilt and get those damn words out.
As soon as he has his bearings, he’s sprinting down the hallway with his bare feet slapping loudly on the freezing concrete. He can’t bother to cover his frozen feet when his best friend he could have lost forever could be standing in the kitchen making him breakfast. When his best friend is alive.
. Perhaps this was what Dean looked like happy before even hell. Castiel can’t stop staring. He did that; he made Dean smile like he’d never been to hell, never died, never fought God.
Dean moves his angel backward until his legs hit the back of the bed. With a hand on his waist and neck, Dean lowers him down onto the memory foam mattress. Castiel still exhales sharply. Dean realizes his leg is perfectly slotted between Castiel’s and grins mischievously. He rocks gently, putting pressure on Castiel’s crotch using his thigh as he takes Castiel apart with his mouth.
“Right, right,” Dean laughs as he grabs the razor and continues.
“Hey, hey,” Dean says before he places a gentle hand on Castiel’s cheek. “There’s nothing to worry about, Cas. I’m not exactly experienced with “homosexual intercourse” either.” He adds a quick kiss in reassurance and both their shoulders drop from their ears. At least they both have no idea what they’re doing.
“First things first, this,” Dean said holding up a facial soap. “It makes the hair cleaner and softer, so you don’t get those red bumps.” As Dean explains, he wets his hands and applies the soap.
“I know you did it because of Gadreel, Dean…”
“Hey, Cas,” Bobby stopped him before he made his exit. “You bring Dean here first, got it?”
“Of course. We have plenty of time for everything, and patience just so happens to be a virtue of mine.” There’s a chuckle as Castiel speaks. Dean looks at him in awe.
“No, I didn’t,” Dean insists. “Honestly, it was very cliche. ‘I want what I can’t have’. That’s definitely from some chick-flick I can’t think of right now. Anyway, I know what you meant and now I need you to know what I mean. What you think you can’t have, you can.”
“Woah there, cowboy. Stay still for me,” Dean laughs. Castiel pouts, but could never deny Dean anything. Instead, he clenches and unclenches the bed sheets at his sides. Dean places his other hand on Castiel’s hip. He wasn’t about to choke and die trying to suck Castiel off because the newly human man couldn’t control himself.
Black dress shoes come into Dean’s sight and he finally looks up. Castiel’s stands just a foot away, personal space be damned. Strong hands find his shoulders and hold tightly.
“I trust you,” Castiel says automatically and dives back in. After a few more non-escalatory kisses, Dean stops Castiel again.
Dean takes another slow drink of his beer, prompting Castiel to keep drinking his mostly forgotten beverage. “There’s a lot I’m going to have to get used to now. Being dead and all, seeing everyone again… you,” Dean explains. Castiel tilts his bottle out over the cooler and Dean clinks their drinks together.
It’s a wonder Dean can read the angel like a book when all he’s ever done is treat him like a second option.
The work Castiel has to do is extensive but welcomed. The angels help and soon every soul in heaven is aware and the heavens are now connected. Naomi openly opposed such an open door policy, worried about too much chaos and intermingling of different time periods, but the other angels expressed their joy in it, citing that seeing families reunited was perspective-changing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Doing so well, Cas,” Dean praises with a kiss to his lower back. If it wasn't for Dean’s barely audible encouragement, Castiel is sure he would have lost his erection. Just hearing Dean and seeing Dean’s face as he plays with Castiel’s body is enough to keep Castiel on board. Dean works the two fingers in and out with a curl of his finger and Castiel jolts. A guttural sound escapes him.
Dean screams with the breath he doesn’t have and collapses into himself.
“You’ve barely looked,” Castiel says with a quiet gasp as Dean works his way down the hollow of his throat. He’d meant to sound like he was teasing, but expert lips were currently focused on his weak spots. Those hands perfect for playing the piano come to grasp the soft flannel hanging loosely around Dean’s torso. He tilts his head up to allow for better access as Dean mouths just below his chin.
“Damn it,” Dean groans. “I’m- I’m not good at this word shit, Cas. You know this.”
“We don’t have to if you don’t want to-”
“It’s hardly fair that I’m half-naked and you are fully clothed,” Castiel complains as he tugs Dean back up to him.
“Right, I know. But that’s the thing, Cas. The Empty would have a much easier time getting to Earth than it would Heaven once it’s healed, and I’m not so sure it’s going to let you go. It’s got a weird obsession with you.”
Poor Sam has seen enough in his lifetime, and his poor sense of when to knock is to blame for about fifty percent of that.
Finally, Castiel tosses a successful line out and Dean gives a hearty cheer, digging into the cooler for two beers. There’s a comment thrown into the wind about drinking as an angel. Dean waves a dismissive hand. They drop it.
“No, no it’s just-“
By the time Dean is finished, Castiel is putty in his hands, leaning into every touch like a cuddly cat, and he couldn’t think of anything he’s ever done that was more intimate than this. Castiel cleans his face with warm water and Dean pats him dry with a soft cloth.
A small box is left where Jack had stood. Opening it, Castiel is faced with several vials of swishing blue light. A note clarifies that each vial is for the other angels when Castiel inevitably asks them to help him repair heaven. “
“What was that?” Castiel says as he rocks back again. Dean settles a hand on Castiel’s hip to stop him. The low growl that action earns almost makes Dean back down and let Castiel do whatever he wants. Except Dean can’t back down. Castiel needs to know just how badly Dean wants to take care of him. He needs Castiel to know he’s loved.
Dean pulls just far enough away to speak. “If you don’t like something, or something feels uncomfortable, you gotta let me know, okay?”
Bobby looked up from the newspaper he held, only to put it down and stand as Castiel came into view.  With a snap of his fingers, the cell bars were gone. He didn’t expect to be pulled into a hug by the shorter man. It was nice and Castiel knew this conversation would be easy.
Castiel sets to work immediately. Heaven has a lot of improvements to be made and families to be reunited. First order of business was talking to the other angels. He did as Jack said, giving them the option of leaving if they wished. To Castiel’s surprise, none of them wished to leave Heaven. Every vial of grace was used.
Castiel’s mood shifts as soon as they’re near the bed, and Dean can’t help the overwhelming panic that rises in himself too.
“I haven't heard you say it since I met your mother.” Dean smiles at the memory. Mary had been pointing a gun at Castiel and Castiel had assumed she was the one that took Sam. A good introduction back into the family, he’d say.
“No.”
“You used the same razor that entire time? And just bar soap and water?” Dean gaped. Castiel nodded slowly. He knew he was doing it wrong, but he had thought it was his technique getting sloppier as time went on. Dean’s heart clenched with guilt, but Castiel kissed the frown away.
Dean lets his hand travel from Castiel’s shoulder to his hip under the trench coat, pulling the pliant angel closer to him. Castiel is only a few inches shorter making him fit perfectly into the curves of Dean’s own body. His piano key hands come up to hold Dean’s shoulders. Afraid for a moment that he’ll be pushed away, Dean holds on tighter. Castiel’s lips move reassuringly with Dean’s now, albeit a little clumsily. Their noses bump awkwardly a few times until Dean moves his other hand to Castiel’s jaw to guide them.
“You’re alive,” Dean quips.
“Gonna—Cas, hold up.” Castiel does not hold up. If anything, Dean is pretty sure he speeds up. Dean feels he’s just been willingly led to the edge of a cliff, only to be pushed off as he peeks over the edge—both ways. “Cas, Castiel!”
“I’m sorry,” Dean sighs. Damn, he tries to do something nice and it only shows just how shit of a friend he’d been. “You’re staying. No matter how useful you can be, I want you here. You’re stuck with me now that I got you.”
“You okay, man?” Dean asks as he pushes Castiel's hand down.
“Dean,” Castiel says softly. All Dean wants to do is hit him and he’s only said a word.
“Sorry, just- just a little uncomfortable,” Castiel says with genuine eyes. Dean runs a soothing hand up Castiel’s back until he feels him relax around him. Even then, he waits for Castiel’s go ahead. “Okay. Please continue.”
He means to add, “and Sam, and Jack,” and everyone else in their family, but he can’t seem to get that out. His words seem to make Dean tense up and Castiel regrets coming. He’s been here less than five minutes and he’s already made Dean uncomfortable.
Dean pulls away so he can stand and maneuver Castiel to the very edge of the bed. The trussed up angel sits up enough to lean on his elbows. Dean grabs a pillow and places it where his knees will go. Kneeling right in front of Castiel’s crotch, he takes a deep breath. His hands come up to the string of Castiel’s sweatpants. He pulls the string. Then he pulls the sweatpants and boxers completely down.
“How dare you!” Dean yells at the floor, unable to keep glaring into an abyss of blue he’s dreamed about for years.
“I’m definitely not as straight as we thought I was. So basically, be my partner?”
“I do things out of anger, damn it! Why can’t you see that?” Dean forces his fists to loosen and the wrinkled tan cloth slips from his hands.
Thankfully, Castiel’s new job as the boss is rather time-consuming. A lot of heaven’s “wiring” needs to be fixed to suit the new place. It’s easy for him to push down his anxiety and fill it with work.
“I guess I can’t blame you for disliking him,” Dean laughs. They leave it at that.
He wants to say, “please don’t ever leave again.”
“You were screaming again,” Sam says quietly as he crosses the kitchen to look in the cupboards. Dean sets his coffee down on the table to rest his elbows on either side of the mug. His face finds his hands and he groans. “I’ll stay.”
Unlike what many would expect, Dean and Castiel don’t have sex that day. They don’t have sex for the first time until two weeks later.
“Dean, Dean I—” Castiel cuts off as a whine takes over his vocals. Castiel comes all over Dean’s bare chest, leaving a stark contrast of white and tan skin. His thighs tremble as he comes down and Dean eases him off. He moves quicker than he ever has before, and that’s saying something considering his career, as he ties off the condom and throws it away before wiping himself off with a shirt.
“Um, should we look it up?” Castiel asks and Dean’s face turns a flush of red. God, he hasn’t been a blushing virgin in decades. He forgot just how embarrassing first times can be.
“I must confess I’m clueless as to how homosexual intercourse is conducted,” Castiel says quietly to the ground. Dean isn’t able to suppress the chuckle that rises out of him; he immediately regrets it as Castiel’s eyes become teary.
“Wouldn’t it be boyfriend?”
“I’m not the one with problems using my words,” Castiel teases and pulls Dean into a kiss. “I can taste myself,” Castiel comments after.
But when that single syllable slips from Castiel’s kissed bruised lips, Dean has to tighten his grip on Castiel’s hips as he throws his head back to look at the ceiling. That reaction seems to get Castiel moving. It’s awkward at first, but Castiel eventually finds a quick rhythm of swiveling his hips as he comes down just to come back straight up. It’s driving Dean mad.
“You what?” Panic surges throughout Dean’s whole being. He grits his teeth, refraining himself from pandering Castiel.
Castiel considered hunting. Not vampires and werewolves but instead deer and wildcats. Castiel can't build up the strength to do it though. The animals have done no harm. They eat; they sleep; they survive. Castiel understands where meat comes from, of course he does. Though Castiel is an angel. He has little to no need to feed on animals so to hunt them for game would be cruel.
And like Sam, Dean isn’t far behind in comforting the newly presenting omega. No, the alpha would share his clothing with Castiel because scented objects soothed anxious omegas. A hand on the small of their back calms their riled up temper. Sharing a bed, although Castiel didn’t sleep, seemed to be something he craved. Nearly every night that he spends with Sam and Dean ends in a morning in which one of the boys would awaken next to Castiel curled up in the sheets with them, most often than not Dean.
A few more years have passed since the angel tablet had been discovered. The angels had fallen then they were revived and stored back in Heaven. The Winchesters were unable to slam the gates of hell closed, not at the risk of Sam’s life. Then new threats arose like Abaddon and a mark that turns humans into murderers and demons. They lost beloved friends and struggled to stay on the right side of hunting. Dean struggled. He struggled to stay, struggled not to kill, struggled to keep to himself and remain a vigilant hunter. No one and nothing could save him though.
Castiel shouldn’t crave and yet all the small details began to make sense. The way that his body acts and reacts, the way that he nestles and burrows. How Castiel finds himself attracted to alpha-aligned scents and seeks out new objects that bring him small joys. The same way that Castiel shies away from itchy wool and anxiety inducing crowds full of mangled lusty stenches.
He once thought Dean to be Heaven’s savior as well but there was nothing the humans could do alone to rescue them now. Chuck – God was in control of the story.
The sorrow that Castiel felt did not dissipate as they inched nearer to Nora’s home. It engulfed him and swallowed him whole. It was a lake that Castiel could not swim in; still he had attempted to wade. Castiel only needed to last a little longer until he could be with Nora, the kind woman who seemed to have taken interest in Castiel of all people. Their date should provide a more than suitable distraction at least that is what Dean convinced him of.
Dean’s knot catches, plugs Castiel full with spurting seed and Castiel comes, his back arching off the mattress. Castiel screams, nostrils flaring and Dean… Dean burrows his teeth into Castiel's shoulder, just inches away from the omega’s mating gland.
Dean gasps, pulling away from Castiel’s ass. Looking behind him, Castiel mewls at the sight he sees. Slick coats Dean’s tongue, hangs off of his chin and dribbles onto the mattress. Dean wipes what remnants of Castiel he can before climbing back on top of the omega.
– brushes shoulders with him.
Castiel can feel the rumble of Dean’s growl travel in his innards - Castiel shutters. He struggles to keep himself upright, arms giving in to pillow his head. Castiel swallows air like he can’t get enough, hot puffs warming his cheeks. They aren’t the only cheeks getting attention. Castiel whines, his body curling in on itself. Dean’s hands hold all of Castiel’s ass in place, palms rotating along plush globes. His fingers dig into the omega, spreading him open wide.
“So help me, if you stay any longer in this damn bunker coddling me instead of starting that apple pie life with Eileen, I’ll dress like a clown every damn day. Makeup and all. Red nose, Sammy,” Dean emptily threatens. Sam had opened the fridge to absentmindedly look for anything half-way healthy. The way his back tenses up at the mention of his biggest fear makes Dean smirk into his coffee. The smirk quickly fades as guilt pinches him behind the eyes.
Dean shows Castiel how to bait a hook, explaining the different baits and which type of fish like which type of bait. “This lake has a lot of basses, so either these pink ones or the silver ones. They look more like the crawfish Bass eat.”
It’s been almost a month since they defeated Chuck and Amara. Exactly a month since Castiel was ripped away from him and thrown into the empty alongside Death herself. And he knows exactly what the empty is like from what Castiel and Jack have told him. He knows his Castiel is in a deep sleep remembering every single regret he has over and over. The thought of Castiel alone makes Dean start hyperventilating again.
“They’re nervous. They have no one permanent to lead them,” Jack explains with that voice every parent knows. Jack is gearing up to ask him something, and Castiel already knows his answer.
“I’m sorry, Cas.”
Against any and all judgment, Castiel takes the three steps between them to press the new God to his chest. One would have been weary touching God with such force, Dean certainly would have, but Castiel has always been more driven by his emotions. Jack reciprocates, wrapping his arms around Castiel just as tightly.
The bacon is left untouched.
“I know you trust me, but I might not know if I’m doing something wrong, so you have to tell me, okay? No just bearing with it,” Dean clarifies.
“Actually, I do. ‘Cause you left before I could say my piece and that’s bull.”
“I, uh, I know how to do it. I just haven’t done it before. So no need to look anything up. Just, uh, follow my lead, okay?” Dean assures. Castiel nods as he leans back in to capture the other's lips. There is a minor fight for dominance that Dean ultimately wins. He’s pretty sure Castiel still has a bit of a problem with giving up control, but considering all he’s been through, it’s understandable. Having been unknowingly controlled by heaven for millennia, and then controlled directly by Naomi, control is something Castiel hasn’t had much of.
With a smile, Castiel says, “No. I always have time for you.”
But he doesn’t, he can’t. There is a lump in his throat the size of a golf ball and he’s trying to swallow it but his throat still burns with the power of a thousand suns.
“Cas, you’re still strong and-”
Sam had said something about “words of affirmation” being Castiel’s love language, and as much as Dean pretended he wasn’t eavesdropping, he hung onto every word Sam said about it. Turns out Dean’s love language is acts of service. And apparently physical touch, but he scoffed at that one.
“Cold,” Castiel shrugs. Dean lets out the breath he started holding and rubs his fingers together until the lube is warmed up. He places his finger where it was and Castiel’s reaction is much nicer. He arches his back just a little more and looks back at Dean with those innocent blues. Dean wants to laugh at how innocent Castiel looks, knowing the man is far from. Oh well, takes one to know one.
The golf ball is back and he feels like he’s suffocating. Castiel waits patiently with those soft blue eyes Dean has never seen him give anyone else but him (and maybe Jack). Those eyes so full of love and blind faith.
“Some of us enjoy learning to do things without ‘mojoing’ it,” Castiel snaps. He’s not really that upset, but his grumpiness makes Dean laugh more. It also
His hands tug at the bottom of Castiel’s t-shirt (Actually, Dean’s pretty sure that’s his t-shirt) until Castiel gets the hint and raises his arms. Now with Castiel in only sweatpants, Dean has much more to work with. He grabs a chaste kiss before moving downward, stopping at the hollow of the other man’s throat, remembering the gasp he had elicited earlier. That same gasp is followed by a small whine as Dean continues the gentle rocking of his hips. The lack of friction is easily made up by those cute noises Castiel can’t seem to stop himself from making.
“Uncomfortable,” Castiel comments as he kisses Dean. The kissing helps Dean focus on anything else besides moving, knowing he’d hurt Castiel if he did. Instead, he gently bites Castiel’s bottom lip. With enthusiastic permission granted, Dean slides his tongue in Castiel’s mouth. He has one arm holding him up while the other reaches between them to gently stroke Castiel’s dick. “Move,” Castiel finally says.
“No, I’ll ask when they get here.”
“We’ll go as slow as you need, Dean. We both have a lot of our own stuff to work through. You have forty years, plus the other forty you spent in hell, to work through. I’ve had millennia. Let’s work on ourselves above all else.”
“You look good freshly shaven,” Dean comments as he peppers more kisses to Castiel’s mouth and makes his way down to his jaw.
“You’ll talk me through it?” Castiel asks.
“Dean! Dean, I’m going to-” Dean pulls off immediately, holding the base of Castiel's dick to stop an impending orgasm. A pained groan escapes the man before him, and Dean laughs. “You are a sadist,” Castiel complains as his legs slowly stop trembling.
“I forgave you. Please, start forgiving yourself,” Castiel told him. They left it at that.
So now Dean’s hallucinating? That’s where he’s at in the grieving process? What part of the five stages of grief does hallucinating even belong to?
John Winchester stood just a few feet away, and with a quiet, “Mary,” Castiel was completely forgotten. Castiel thanked their love for one another that John didn’t so much as look at him. As much as he tried to see the good in him, Castiel couldn’t look past the self-hatred John Winchester instilled into Dean, nor the codependency he made Sam and Dean establish. He can let Mary explain everything.
“So I have to stay here,” Castiel settles.
“Take a deep breath and try to relax, okay? The more you tense up, the more uncomfortable it will be. It’s going to feel really weird until you get used to it,” Dean informs, trying to remember everything the internet said. Castiel nods and Dean adds a little pressure to the tight ring of muscle. He slips the first knuckle in easily and gently moves it back and forth.
It seems the world stopped as Dean said it, and they both knew exactly what had just happened. Dean Winchester, the most self-hating, self-loathing being, just broke through the first layer of learning to love himself—saying it.
Dean feels the need to send Sam a thank you note for explaining love languages to both of them. Or to Eileen who had recognized that as their main problem in the first place. “Differing ways to tell each other you care makes a relationship hard,” she told them. Dean had flushed while Castiel seemed to calmly consider the idea before he later asked Sam what he thought Dean’s love language was. If it wasn’t for Dean eavesdropping in on Castiel asking Sam about his love language, he likely wouldn’t have figured out Castiel’s.
Castiel’s head tilts to the side like a confused cat, and Dean pulls him a little closer, bending his elbows to keep him closer than the arms lengths away he’d been keeping him before.
“There’s been a change in leadership,” Castiel began. He told Jack’s story, Dean’s story, Sam’s story, and finally his own.
“To getting used to peace,” Castiel toasts softly, remembering the drink they had shared in the bunker after they made it out of purgatory for the second time. Dean’s smile widens and there’s something in his eyes that Castiel can’t quite put his finger on. It’s so very similar to the joy Dean once held the night he dragged Castiel to a brothel and they’d been kicked out—except it was
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says in hopes not to startle the ex-hunter. It’s a swing and miss—Dean jumps and turns with hunter instincts. His shoulders relax just as quickly when he sees it’s just Castiel.
“Dean, I see him too,” Sam gasps. “Cas?”
Dean fiddles with his pole for a moment before he speaks, “Yeah, Cas. I didn’t mind. Kind of liked it, if you get what I’m saying.”
Dean’s always been a giver, and kissing comes easily to him, so when his brain short circuits from a kiss for the first time in decades, he isn’t sure what to do at first. It’s Castiel that has to move and remind him of what his intention was. With a little bit of pressure, Dean’s brain is back online and he runs like a well-oiled machine, playing Castiel like a fine-tuned fiddle.
Castiel ends the meeting as soon as he can, agreeing to things he hardly listens to. Naomi shoots him an odd look, but the other angels don’t seem to notice his eagerness to get out of there.
“Didn’t mean to leave you. Just didn’t want you to be uncomfortable later,” Dean says as he peppers Castiel’s face with apology kisses. He wipes Castiel off and tosses the cloth to the side.  Castiel faces Dean with his head tucked under Dean’s chin. Dean has an arm lazily slung over him as they settle in bed with the covers drawn up and boxers on.
Eileen brought him a beer and gave him a knowing look, but he elbowed her to drop it. Castiel isn’t going to die another brutal death. He’ll die old and happy alongside Dean. With Jack’s new rules in heaven, Dean and Castiel will share a heaven. The past is the past.
“I’m sorry I can’t be more useful,” Castiel says quietly.
Dean can’t help but press kiss after kiss to Castiel’s lips, feeling his smooth chin contrast with his chapped lips.
“Clowns, Sam. Every. Day.”
“I’m honored to be your ‘something good.’” Castiel used finger air quotes as he spoke. Dean couldn’t help but laugh as he pressed their foreheads together. “As much as I enjoy this moment, the shaving cream is starting to drip.”
It takes a moment for Dean’s brain to catch up with what he’s looking at, having never been so close to another man’s dick. Castiel isn’t small, but he isn’t hung and Dean can’t help but sigh in relief. This is something he can work with for his first time.
It turns out Castiel can’t toss a line, and Dean has a heyday with it. They spend a long time just casting their lines over and over.
It’s a time like this that Dean probably would have laughed and poked fun at his friend, but things are different now. Not only is Castiel more than his best friend, but Dean himself is different. Dean now understands trauma and the weird ways it manifests itself. If the silver gleam of a straight edge shaving razor is what makes his angel shake, Dean will gladly shave the man’s face himself for however long, if not for the rest of their lives.
“Hm, so you’re my husband,” Dean nods understandingly and Castiel feels his head spin a little. This is nowhere close to how Castiel envisioned seeing Dean again. He hadn’t even entertained the thought of Dean reciprocating his feelings, and now Dean is claiming they’re married. Is this what Bobby and Missouri, and apparently Eileen, meant by Dean pulling his head out of his ass?
“Of course.”
It was then Castiel made the decision to wait for Dean to call out to him. The righteous man was loved by many, and so he would let Dean be to catch up with everyone else. And if Dean never calls out to him, he’ll be content with it. Or so he tells himself.
Dean looks up into those ocean blue irises as he continues down, peppering feather-light kisses and blowing a mixture of hot or cold air along Castiel’s warm skin. He pays extra attention to Castiel’s nipples and finds them to be rather sensitive. Castiel’s hands find Dean’s hair and shoulder as he grows impatient. He starts his own rocking, pressing himself harder against Dean’s thigh.
Castiel can’t help but say, “Impale yourself on a rebar.”
Finally, Dean places both hands on Castiel’s hips and wraps his lips around the head. He suckles on it, making Castiel cry out softly. Thankfully, Dean has a good grip on him and he can take Castiel deeper at his own pace. As he takes more and more into his mouth, he smoothes circles into Castiel’s hip. Finally, Dean’s gag reflex triggers with Castiel nearing the back of his throat. With his hand, he gets the rest and finds a rhythm. Bobbing his head, adding a little tongue movement around the head as he comes up and hollowing his cheeks as he goes down, he finds the helpless whines above completely worth it. A few times, he forgets to breathe through his nose and has to pull off for a moment.
In Heaven, they will be for Mary. But down here on Earth, it won’t be any less painful for years.
Dean acts like a perfect gentleman that day. He massages Castiel's aching muscles, allowing the omega to scent him to his heart's content. Dean fluffs Castiel’s pillows, arranging them to his partner's liking - anything to get Castiel to purr, a dopey grin on his face. And before Dean leaves Castiel bonelessly immobile, he ensures they get a quickie in early in the morning. Breathes heavy, bodies moving in synchronization.
“You’re the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless loving human being I will ever know.” Castiel smiles a wet curve of the lips that causes Dean’s heart to sink.
“Castiel… I’ve already told you that I can’t stay on Earth long. Amara, she is up in Heaven waiting for me and…” Jack swallows a breath, never quite understanding how one breathes in tense situations. “I will have to leave soon.”
Castiel continues to speak his confessions, letting slip an "I miss you," no longer trying to deny what they both know is the issue at hand.
Castiel doesn’t stop giving Dean that heartbroken look but he doesn’t argue either. He’ll keep Dean’s dying wish until he no longer could. Castiel will protect Sam, keep him out of trouble. Be there for the brother of the one he’d give his life for.
Blue eyes meet green eyes. The scent of an aroused omega bombard Castiel’s nostrils, the whine of a lustful brunette echoing in his ear. The woman on top of… on top of Dean nuzzles against his chest, pawing at the man’s dress shirt that is torn at the top button. Dean doesn’t say a word as he stares caught like a deer in the headlights. Castiel feels sick.
Then tomorrow came and it was no longer safe.
“Cas, Castiel. Please…” Dean begs and Castiel can’t pull himself together.
So there the angel lay in agonizing pain, lifting his tattered shirt to show the deep black veins sprouting from Castiel’s wound. A wound the angel could not heal.
“Don’t do this, Cas.” He can’t lose him again.
Dean smiled against Castiel's neck, his tongue lapping its way up the omegas neck. "You smell so good."
Castiel craved day in and day out, seeking out comfort of any kind. He yearns to be close to an alpha but unfortunately the one he wants is nowhere near him and Castiel can't bring himself to contact his friend. Not for something so small. However, the woman he works with, Nora… she smells faintly similar to Dean. Smells like pie but, instead of apple, it's cherry. She doesn't smell heavily like leather but she does own a brown faux leather jacket that Castiel has the urge to sniff. At one point, there was the one incident where Castiel had accidentally spilled motor oil over her. The odor she wore brought back memories of sitting in the backseat of the Winchesters’ impala. Flashes and glimpses of what Castiel would call simpler times; days where he didn’t have to worry about the mundane. Demons and monsters, they were familiar, much like the pride that bubbles in his vessel's chest whenever Dean pat him on the shoulder. Nora would pat his shoulder as well when she thought Castiel did well in the store but… she was an omega; not an alpha and it wasn’t the same
“I love you.” Castiel allows the words to slip past his lips in a whispered promise. Showing all of the love that Castiel had learned from Dean himself.
“You’re mine,” Dean growled. “And I’m yours.”
Perhaps Castiel felt the same sentiment that Dean did. That slowly the angel began to feel a familial connection with the two brothers. But, if that were the case, what about the ‘profound bond’ that Castiel once said Dean and him shared? Was that bond deeper than family?
He was pushed away by the man he fell for; by the only man he longed for. Castiel held his tears as he stood outside the bunker. The feeling of sorrow overwhelms him, swallowing him whole in a painfully tight grip. Castiel choked on a sniffle, his fist balled up in a borrowed hoodie and raised to wipe at his eyes. Castiel stood outside the bunker as he cried.
Dean regretted it. He regretted every choice; regretted taunting Billie. They shouldn’t have come back; they shouldn’t have disturbed Deaths’ Library. Dean shouldn’t have brought Castiel. He shouldn’t have.
Black sludge evolves from the wall and Dean turns around, hurt and anguish in his eyes. No. No. They can’t take Castiel away again. Dean returns his gaze to Castiel, “Cas…”
Castiel let out a ragged cough, “I think I’m dying…”
Once Mary has said her goodbyes to her sons, she comes to Castiel as well. Her arms are already stretched out and the words of regret get stuck in his throat as she wraps them around him. Part of Castiel wants to pull away but instead he burrows his forehead in the crook of her neck and chokes on a sob.
It’s about time that Sam gets his happy ending with Eileen. Jody’s backyard is littered with confetti of varying colors, red and white roses with balloons tied to a canopy. Underneath is a makeshift dance floor and Castiel is tempted, as he makes way toward Adam, to ask someone to dance with him. Maybe he’ll ask Claire after she is done prancing around Kaia. Castiel hears as Alex and Patience tease them in lighthearted fun.
Dean shakes his head, connecting the dots.
"Dean! What the hell?!" Sam balks.
Castiel twists his head, panting lightly as Dean begins to run his nose along the curve of Castiel’s neck. The alpha nibbled on his sensitive skin, tongue lapping at Castiel’s mating gland.
“I heard it too,” Castiel speaks. “I’ll go check it out. Please, enjoy yourselves.”
"D-Don't leave!" Drool pooled at the corner of Castiel's mouth, his vision blurring. Castiel inhaled in an attempt to catch his breath but then he tasted wonderful apple pie. Castiel moaned, shifting his legs as his jeans became soaked with slick.
“I wasn’t hiding. You’re in rut.” Castiel growled. “You should be in your own room.”
“But 'is too small,” Castiel slurs. Drool glides down his chin, shoulders shuttering in anticipation. “Want yours.”
“Sam?” She asks.
Dean raises his head, dread filling his lungs. …no.
Without the man here, all Castiel could think is to follow in Dean’s footsteps. He practices Dean's hobbies, remembering how early on in their friendship, Dean had taken to a particular dream of fishing on the lake. Castiel finds his own quiet little spot on a lake, hiking up there every day with a cooler full of the same beer stocked in the bunker. He'll sit for hours with a line in the water, mind elsewhere, and not a bite on the bait.
“…why are you telling me this now?” Dean tries to remain calm, he really does. To piece together all the information he is being provided.
“I could go with you,” Castiel says it earnestly. His lip wobbles as he stares deep into the windows of Dean’s soul as if a part of the angel will die with Dean. Whether he physically stands by Dean’s side as the bomb goes off or if he has to wait in agonizing time. Every look Castiel gives Dean tells him how Castiel longs to stand at Dean’s aid, to give his life for the elder Winchester. It’s a sad face that Castiel wears and Dean knows he can’t wipe that fear away.
When Castiel returns to the bunker, he finds an unfamiliar woman beside Sam. Though his nostrils seem to pick up a faint scent he may have come upon one of the Winchesters before. Begrudgingly, he thinks that perhaps this could have been one of Dean's past flings. Castiel is surprised out of that thought when watching the woman slip her hand into Sam’s and interlock their fingers. A part of Castiel swells at the idea that Sam may have found himself a mate. Sam for the most part sounds content as he introduces Castiel to Eileen - the hunter that should have died long ago. Castiel can't help but to chuckle at Eileen's use of sarcasm as she says "I got better."
Castiel stands silent and still. He won’t look anywhere near Dean, not with eyes full of despair. But Dean can tell the gears are spinning in Castiel’s head as the angel looks down at his bloody palm. “There is… one thing she’s afraid of – there’s one thing strong enough to stop her.”
that Castiel could see past? That held a stronger importance to Castiel?
"Uh, because he lives here." Sam frowns, his gaze turning hard. "Seriously, Dean."
Biting back a whine, Castiel is tempted to climb into the bed beside Sam. It looks comfortable, cozy. Castiel's eyes hood over, a glaze to his pupils. He falls victim to the want, a purr deep in his throat. The temperature of the room begins to warm, Sam’s leather-bound scent protruding through his glands. Castiel whines, pawing at the wrinkled sheets. His knee is just hitched over the threshold when suddenly Sam barks out a command for Castiel to leave.
“You should go back to your room, Cas.”
She was neither Dean nor Sam. She was pretty, beautiful even, but she wasn’t a part of the family Castiel had come to know.
“No. You can’t.” Castiel burrows deeper into his arms.
Castiel is still weak. His limbs tired and his grace faltering from having done its best in an attempt to heal Castiel’s vessel. There is no debate when Dean tosses Baby’s keys to Sam, demanding that he take good care of her as he hauls Castiel off to the truck, dead set on driving him back to the bunker where the angel could rest.
“She’s going to kill you. Then she’s going to kill me.” Dean knew this would be the outcome since the instant that they trapped themselves in the dungeon. No good thing comes from being locked in a dungeon and all that Dean could think to say was: “I’m sorry…”
Castiel mewls, mouth widening to be a victim of Dean’s ministrations. Castiel's fingers thread in Dean’s hair, pulling him in close until they breathe the same air. For the first time in a long time, Castiel believes that humanity is beautiful. That this fleeting moment that Castiel has Dean in his arms is what it means to be human. The whole night in its entirety had been a dream and now… to still be in Dean’s arms. A purr reverberates from Castiel’s chest with a resounding rumble vibrating along his partner’s chest. This single moment feels right and perfect. Castiel doesn’t think anything could ever provide a larger limelight to these precious seconds.
Dean held Castiel’s arms down into the mattress as he bent down to steal another kiss. This one patient, slow building. Their lips hardly glimpse one another, tongue poking out to tease a parted mouth. Dean rolled his hips strategically, swaying them in circular motions, eliciting a mewl from Castiel.
Castiel called him ‘selfless’ and ‘loving’ but that couldn’t be right. Because in the moment, Dean is selfish. He wants. He wants Castiel desperately alive.
Dean’s lips pulled back in a growl, his canine fangs growing in his arousal. Dean leaned down, capturing Castiel’s lips with his own. His hands ventured downward, finger tips leaving shivers along Castiel’s sides. His nails softly scraped along the omegas pale skin, sinking deep into the grip of his hips. Castiel gasped into the kiss, tilting his head to the side, eyelids fluttering shut. Castiel put his trust in Dean, giving him something much more fragile than his life. Castiel wound his arms loosely around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him in closer.
“What are you talking about man?” It’s a simple question with a complicated answer. Dean knows this but he still can’t help but ask. He needs to hear the answer, needs to be sure that whatever was happening wouldn’t result in… Dean’s eyes began to water.
Castiel struggles to come up with anything at all and Dean provides him with the perfect excuse: "You miss Jack?"
The alpha hums, pulling Castiel closer than physically possible.
Dean’s lips knew where to suckle and kiss; his tongue knew how to slither in its movements. Even Dean’s nose pressed at the right crooks and angles, pushing down on Castiel’s scent gland to coax out more of his scent. Dean’s touches were warm, comforting, and protective. Castiel felt safe in his hands - at home in Dean’s grasp.
“You little devil.” The alpha growls, biting into Castiel’s neck like his territory.
Dean shook his head because a feeling caged in his ribs told him that Castiel couldn’t die.
Dean licked his lips, eyes boring down upon Castiel's naked skin. Castiel squirms under Dean’s hungry stare. His nerves flare, realising this is the first time he has ever undressed in front of the man that hovers over him. Never had he ever strode around shirtless in front of others, always wrapped safely in his trenchcoat. Castiel may have not ever changed his outfit before becoming human. Dean chuckles and it becomes clear he thinks this is humorous. Now nearly all of Castiel is revealed to Dean - for Dean.
“Shh,” Mary pets Castiel’s hair. “You of all people should know that things will be okay.”
“I got you, babe.” Dean grabs the sex toy from beside them, tearing open its plastic confinements in an instant. The toy pops free, smacking Castiel in the stomach.
“Shut up.”
Castiel’s heart called out so loud in distress that the Rit Zien had come to take away Castiel’s sorrow. He bargained, he truly did. He told his brother that what he wanted was to live, only to be questioned whether he wanted to live as an angel or a human. It was a simple question and Castiel should have known the answer to it but so many things have changed over the years. Castiel has changed and so have his desires. Was Castiel an angel or a filthy human; which did he want to be?
Her name was April. She was kind and warm hearted and sleeping with her had momentarily mended some of Castiel’s aches and pains. After so many cold nights alone and utterly human, he felt safe held in her arms. Safe enough that he let his guard down and showed vulnerability to someone he only met that night.
“I’m here,” Dean whispers into Castiel’s ear. He nibbles along the curve Castiel’s neck, palms rubbing the omegas sides. “I’m here.”
Dean settles Castiel’s ass on his thighs, a mix of his cum and omega slick soaking his jeans. Dean positions the dildo between Castiel’s ruddy cheeks, slipping it between his cracks. Thrusting it upward and downward, coating the toy in natural lubricant. Castiel grinds against it, moving his hips in hopes that the toy catches and - Castiel gasps. The head of the dildo slides effortlessly inside of Castiel’s warm cavern, rubbing his inner walls. Castiel pushes down on it, trying to get more of the toy. But Dean pulls away, the dildo slipping out once again. Castiel growls, Dean laughs. He continues to tease Castiel, swirling the tip around his puckered hole. Inserting just the tip then removing it.
“What?”
That night, Castiel shares a bed with Dean in the Alpha’s room. His muscles are tensed with knots that won’t loosen without the soothing smell of apple pie and unique leather musk that could only belong to Dean. Castiel’s invisible feathers wouldn’t unfurl without Dean's arms wrapped around Castiel’s waist, pressing the angels back close to his chest. Something in the way Dean grips his hips until the hunters’ knuckles are white brings a certain sense of security to Castiel. He felt protected at that moment, felt wanted in a sense unfamiliar to the angel with failing grace. The way Dean's nose burrowed itself in a deep press against Castiel’s newly formed scent glands caused a purr to get caught in the back of his throat. Castiel gasped at the bump of Dean’s groin against his ass, short little pants had left his lips, shushed only by a nibble to his neck.
Castiel missed Dean already.
Unconsciously, Castiel pulls the blanket tighter around himself, burying his face in it.
Dean is so much more experienced in these types of things and it shows as Dean gropes Castiel’s soft pec, squeezing it tenderly. He messaged the sensitive muscles, rough fingers pads rubbing tantalizing circles around hardening nubs. Castiel’s breath hitched, his back arching into the touch. Castiel was almost tempted to let go of the alpha and retrieve his bearings. To unwind his arms from the broad frame and hide his face but he didn’t. Cheeks flushed, Castiel heaved out every breath. His chest would rise and fall with Dean’s ministrations, pure putty in his hands.
