“I’m not entirely sure what happened at dinner tonight, and it’s fine if you’d rather not discuss it right now, really, but are you okay?” John finally asked, keeping his voice low and comforting.  Sherlock kept his eyes closed, but he shifted his head until his nose nuzzled into John’s hair.
“Oh, how ridiculous of me!” Sherlock proclaimed with a roll of his eyes.  “I ought to have realized it when you came to visit after McGonagall.  What are you, then, official cake tester to wizardkind?”
“John?” muttered Mary, her bed-tussled hair becoming even more unruly as she ran a hand raggedly through it.  “Is that – “
Sherlock sighed and flopped onto the sofa, folding his hands over his chest in his thinking pose with his wand on his stomach.  “I need to think on it.  There must be an answer for it; I just need to find it.”
“Very well, have a seat.  Today we’re working on practicing our summoning charms.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John instantly reached for the thinnest rope, taking it between his two closed fists and giving it a yank. The rope gave a bit in his hold, pulling taut in a visually appealing manner. He took a moment to imagine it pulling against Sherlock’s pale skin, the edges turning a pleasing pink where the rope would rub against it. Mentally shaking himself, he handed it back to Sherlock.
Frowning, John replied with a
John groaned and ran a hand down his face.  “It’s not just that.  We’d have to tell them we’re wizards, Sherlock.  How are they going to take that?”
Thanks as always to
“You just need more confidence, then.”  Sherlock scowled at him and John shook his head, grinning.  “Seems perfectly reasonable to me.  Leave it to you to use science as a means of getting your magic to work.  How are you going to get over this mental block of yours, hmm?”
With the whirlwind surrounding us
“All Death Eaters were given the Dark Mark on their forearm.  Are we certain Mary is actually one of them?  Can the abilities of a metamorphmagus counteract a dark spell to remove the tattoo?”
For a moment, Sherlock merely gaped at her.  Eventually, he turned enormously large eyes on John, the hope in them nearly crushing John’s heart.  He reached out so that he could entwine their fingers with his free hand.  “It’s up to you, love.  I can try to teach you if you want to learn.”
Sherlock pushed off from the table and leaned down towards John’s ear as he strolled past.  “I think it’s sweet,
“Jesus, sorry about that, shouldn’t have brought it up in the first place.  Now I feel like a right tit.”
John returned to his seat, his food ignored where he placed it on the floor.  The man blinked at him, his mouth opening a few times as though he searched for words.  Finally he cleared his throat, his hands clenching painfully tight.  “I…thank you.  That’s quite…well, anyway, thank you.”
“Jesus fucking Christ, Sherlock,” he muttered through his fingers. “You couldn’t have shared that this was some sort of sex thing when you had us come?”
Shaking his head and laughing, John turned his attention to Sherlock.  His cauldron sat simmering in the middle of the table over a Bunsen burner, bubbling slightly and darkening into a purplish blue shade similar to blackcurrants.  In front of him, he had one of their small wooden cutting boards and leaned forward over it cutting up some sort of plant.  The pieces were each a precise tiny square, equal in size and shape to one another.  Once complete, Sherlock snatched up a beaker at his side and tipped them in, joining what John assumed was water at the bottom.  He twirled it by the neck, watching the pieces spin in the liquid before setting it aside to glance into the cauldron.
(See the end of the chapter for
The pillows and a folded blanket at the foot of the bed were a rich black that reminded John of the front door to Baker Street.  As he watched, Sherlock turned to rub his face into one of the pillows, his curls fading into the black of the fabric while emphasizing the paleness of his skin.  He arched his neck, his Adam’s apple showing prominently as he swallowed, and John groaned.
“Apparently that was not the case.  And with it being a rejection letter, we would have been less likely to attempt more than one unless absolutely necessary.”
John barked out a laugh and let Sherlock go.  “You dick, of course you’d know exactly where it was.”  He took up Sherlock’s hand again and Sherlock copied him with Cecelia’s.  “Come on, before Minerva realises we’re not keeping up.”
Sherlock’s fingers danced in John’s grip, a waltz of reassuring touches.  “Why now, of all times?  You’ve had more than your average number of chances to use your magic again – “
John felt the concern etched in the set of McGonagall’s body as she watched the pair of them across the room.  “It is completely expected and more than understandable.  I do not believe Harry doubts your skill here, John, but you must remember what it is you are protecting.  You have gone through the feeling of loss a thousand times over; those who consider you to be a friend would like to help you avoid more.”
“He’s got one of the only other keys to the dressing room,” John realised in horror. “And he knows all the security protocols. Perfect for getting around them.”
Meanwhile, just outside of Bristol, John jolted awake at the buzz of his cell with a groan.
“And let the murderers get away from right in front of us?  Come now, John.”  Sherlock’s voice left little room for argument, but it made John even more uneasy.  His attention returned to the three men just as the second was finishing explaining where they dumped the bodies.
John’s mouth gaped open as though Sherlock personally offended him.  “What d’you mean, you don’t have fancy dress?  What’re you going as for Halloween?”
John usually tried to avoid Charing Cross Road, having no immediate reason to travel down there with its inevitable excess of unwanted memories.  In fact, the last time he’d been on the street, and this pub in particular, was over twenty years ago, back when he still needed to visit Diagon Alley for the proper school supplies.  Sherlock ignored it as he marched down the alley to the pub’s left, his more astute than normal eyes darting across the Leady Cauldron’s magically protected exterior without a second glance.  John attempted to remain unphased, but he couldn’t help the chill at the coincidence as he followed close behind.
Pleased with the reaction, John balanced himself on one elbow and snuck the other arm down to wiggle out of his pants. Finally nude, he shimmied back to rest on Sherlock’s thighs as he pushed himself up to a sitting position. He waited for Sherlock to look up at him, his eyes already completely dilated, and lightly snapped the top band of Sherlock’s pants. Sherlock nearly shook the bed with how eagerly he nodded, resting back on his shoulders to thrust his waist into the air.
“Apparently. Just don’t call me Stevie,” Ross smiled and pressed a deep kiss on his lover’s neck, sucking a small mark.
6 January 1939
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh come on, I can smell a bonded omega any day," Sherlock nodded and rubbed a spot on the ground with his toe before a warm hand found it's way on his shoulder. "Most people aren't familiar with a male omega scent, and I won't say anything if you don't want me to."
a child. Not in his mind, anyway.
"So who is he?" Sherlock looked up and gasped, his feet frozen to the pavement.
Mycroft cleared his throat.
“Sensitive, huh?” Sherlock nodded solemnly, turning to face him, pressing his back against the bench, hands folded in his lap. John smiled gently and traced his cheekbones with whisper softness. Sherlock’s whole body shuddered at the touch. John realized Sherlock’s need to submit, and walked to the center of the sitting room, pointing to the floor with his gaze. “Come here, pet,” Sherlock rushed off the chair and knelt quietly where Master had indicated. John nodded firmly. “Stay.” Sherlock’s spine trembled at his tone, his whole body remaining still as his Master went upstairs and returned. Sherlock did not look up to see what he had retrieved. His breath hitched as the black fabric came in contact with his eyes, master tying it in the back, his curly brown locks draping over the top of the blindfold. Things were already beginning to freeze, his heartbeat beginning to slow. John pulled the hem of his t-shirt up over his head, leaving Sherlock naked from the waist up. John had turned the thermostat up, he realized, as he was not chilled from the sudden exposure. He stuttered as John’s careful hands began to run all over his body, warm and callused and
Sherlock smiled, setting the letter down neatly on the floor before sneaking over to bed. The mattress screeched as he crawled atop it, after 4 straight days of, well, you know, the bed seemed to have broken somehow, and had become rather creaky. John's eyes fluttered open against the pillow, his mouth resting in a puddle of spit. He smiled at the icy eyes and midnight locks that stared down at him and he rolled over onto his back, quite chuffed with himself.
"Please tell me you're not just making this up," Greg said with his brows scrunched together.
"No John. Don't do that. Tell me."
"Off we go, darling,"
"Do you have a boyfriend?" She said excitedly, and Sherlock shook his head, and before he could elaborate she sighed exasperatedly.
"Lestr-Greg, what are you doing here?"
He hushed it. Bluebell was back in the housekeepers arms a few moments later, wriggling and writhing and mewling, nipping at Mrs. H's fingers, much to everyone's surprise. Rabbits were usually quiet. John descended the stairs to the small congregation at the base of the banister, eyes on Sherlock, who looked white as a sheet. John's nose twitched, and he approached the rabbit and took a whiff, standing back and widening his eyes. Shit, that was a heat alright. Not attractive to his nose, and rightly so, but potent enough that there might be dozens more rabbits before long.
She slapped him. Sherlock blinked and stretched his aching jaw before looking up to the older woman incredulously.
"Hullo," Sherlock mumbled awkardly, his lips curled into a smile.
"You," John seethed, his voice at least an octave lower, teeth glimering and nostrils flaring, "will
25 December 1939
“Of course, darling, you’re perfect.” Sherlock’s whole being filled with pride. Just the inkling of John’s praise and he was over the moon. It was like being made full and whole and calm, his mind slowed and his heart raced. They ate the rest of dinner. Sherlock didn’t eat much, but he loved listening to John talk about his work. Two tours in Afghanistan, started his pharmaceutical and medical research company, then started volunteering with DWB.
Soon they were safe, just outside the burning water, and exhausted. The air was echoing with the keens and screams and thick was the smell of burning flesh. Sherlock panted, holding tight to John, his life preserver barely holding the both of them, and he pumped his legs to keep his husband above the surface.
"Yes, fine. Excuse me."
“I’ll make sure of it, kitten, don’t you worry about it.” Sherlock nodded and slumped against daddy’s chest.
"Oh, of course!" She nodded furiously, taking the box from Greg and opening the lid, her eyes flickering with- something, something Sherlock couldn't place as she pulled the belt from it's case. Sherlock looked away, it wasn't humanly possible to be blushing as hard he was right now.
don't google HMHS Paris unless you want spoilers*!
"Merci, Marie," He mumbled, and she pat his head before toddling off. He watched her go, the knob clicking shut behind her. He looked down at the food, depositing it on the floor before he saw the corner of the envelope that stuck out beneath the plate.
"He doesn't know yet?"
Greg sighed, scrubbing his face with his palms and staring into the shiny metal teapot. 29 year-olds didn't have grey hair, and yet he was already starting to sprinkle with salt on the tips by ears. Bloody hell, he looked downright
"For Christ's sake- you're the best man, Harry, it's kind of your job to come to the stag night." John cried exasperatedly.
"I am." He said.
“Oh, I’m sure it’s not that bad, let me get you a drink...that is if you’re old enough” Sherlock had just barely turned 18. The man put one arm on the bar next to Sherlock, caging him in, and Sherlock looked over his shoulder frantically for John, whose back was turned, his colleagues laughing at some remark. He needed his daddy and FAST.
(See the end of the chapter for
10 June 1940
"I sent you something, I thought it would be there by now," Sherlock's eyes widened and he grabbed the base of the phone in one hand, tucking the handle under his chin and yanking the cord attached to the wall, dragging the phone into the corridor and looking by the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
what my wishes were."
“No need for tears, love,” Sherlock whimpered and pressed into daddy’s neck. “Would my little prince like some hot chocolate?” Sherlock nodded, heart still swelled with love and feelings and
"Oh, you only say that to placate me, now sit here and have some tea and tell me all about your holiday,"
1) I do not speak french, but I did change some of the adjectives for Sherlock to their feminine versions so don't be alarmed!
"Well, I accidentally broke the sewing machine. It wasn't my fault, I promise! It runs away from you!" Sherlock shook his head, shaking away the hateful experience, "It's so frustrating, I guess I thought these, house things were
Martha Hudson had never been blessed with children of her own. She'd been close once, and knitted her heart away making baby clothes. It didn't take long before they all went into the missionary barrel. The elderly beta looked down into her tea, a single tear adding a hint of salt to the sweet amber liquid. She sniffled and stiffened her upper lip, placing the cup and saucer to the side for a moment. She leaned over and turned up the dial on the wireless before toddling over to start the dishes.
"Hilfe! bitte, alpha, bitte!" (help! alpha, please!) There was a shrill cry from his right, just into the clearing, and his nose perked up, the smell of an omega nearby, and he sniffed the air intensely, before giving his comrades a confused glare, only to find them gulping down the air as well.
. All would be okay if they had each other, doctor and detective, soldiers together. It would all be okay if Sherlock was John's.
28 August 1939
Sherlock blushed, fluffing his hair a bit and looking himself over. He was no David, not by a mile, but he guessed it wasn't horrible.
“Don’t mind him,” The velvety baritone voice assured, “He’s always like that.”
"I'm supposed to help you with dinner," Sherlock mumbled and Mrs. H clapped her hands together excitedly.
"I've sent Mrs. Hudson to her sisters'," John smiled, pressing a kiss to Sherlock's cheek, a flutter in his heart at the sweet virgin smell of his neck, lapping his tongue at his scent gland. Sherlock shivered, standing straight and still. John squeezed his waist and pulled away, stepping off the kerb and loading the cases into the boot of the car.
"Beautiful then, impossibly more so now," Victor took the bottle of brandy before Sherlock could say anything and poured him another glass.
"You're an omega," Sherlock said softly, eyes scanning over her green jumper and white lab coat and yellow rubber gloves and pearl necklace. She held out a pair of gloves for Sherlock.
"Shh, shh, it's alright, darling, I'm right here," Greg whispered, bouncing her on his hip. Nanny had thursdays off, not that Greg minded. She wasn't nearly as much of a troublemaker as the criminal classes of London. Emelia wailed, her face a deep flush of red, cheeks streaked with tear tracks and snot dribbling down her chin. Greg's head was splitting, skin a dull grey and thick bags under his eyes.
"No, keep that on until we're back. It's chilly and damp, where are those self-preservation instincts?"
"Nurse, can you handle this, I need to move on," John growled, standing and marching to the next cot as a nurse followed him, giving the infected man some water. If he refused treatment, John didn't have time to force him. Better to do no harm and move on to someone he could help. He groaned as the ship rocked, the smell of sick permeating the air as he knelt next to the next Polish solider, who seemed in better shape than the last, his face badly burned, holding some gauze to it. John gave him a smile and took the gauze from his hands, eyeing the scarring and hints of blood.
. All mine,""
A warm gravely voice whispered in his ear, "I love you, Sherlock,"
s as Rudy quickly came to Sherlock's rescue, kneeling in his morning suit and wrapping arms around his hiccuping nephew.
“D-addy, I’m close daddy, yellow! yellow! it's too much, daddy!” He whispered, wrists squirming in his bonds, hair dripping with sweat, tears soaking through his blindfold. John hushed him gently, pressing a firm hand on his glowing milky back.
"Boss! She's alive, sir, call an ambulance!" Greg examined her wounds, which upon further inspections weren't as deep as the others, and were still plushing with scarlet. He ripped off his scarf and wrapped it around her middle to apply pressure, pulling her into his arms, as nothing appeared broken. She let out a solid cry now, coming into consciousness.
"Love, y'alright?" The words fuzzily echoed in his ringing ears and Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but he was frozen, his whole body was frozen, his mind sealed shut. "You can let go love, why don't we get you some tea?"
The younger boy shuffled on his knees and leaned forward, eyes locked with daddy's, lips opening slightly to press a warm kiss on the tip of it, lapping his tongue at the dribble of leaking pre-cum. A deep thunder filled John's chest as he gripped a fistful of curly hair, Sherlock shuddering, licking a bit more along the shaft, so unsure as to how to go about this. He wrapped his plush lips around the knobby end, slowly taking in the whole of it as to not involuntarily gag as it touched the back of his throat.
"Oh, hello," The Alpha leered, and Greg gave him a harsh look, the chubby greasy man only raising his eyebrows, his pheromones reeking in the air.
"Why are you acting like you care about me? Why are you having a laugh with me?"
"didn't, I- I was, I didn't want you to know, because I wanted you to, to see me different, not like, they did," Sherlock whispered as John rocked him back and forth, hushing him softly.
"Well, maybe is better than getting taken prisoner, hold this," Sherlock took off his helmet before quickly stripping of his jacket, now clad only in his button down and tie, removing his tie as well, and looking himself over before ripping his British insignia from the side of his arm. He tousled his hair and leaned in forward, "If I don't come back, leave the car and go on foot, we'll be leaving it behind anyways."
thank you for your support! <3 comments and feedback are awfully appreciated, *kisses*
"Was your wedding like this, Mrs. Watson?" Greg offered, to which she only nodded.
"He's in his study, after he
"I forgive you, Sherlock," John breathed into his ear as he pulled him up from his stool and led him into the sitting room, hand resting on Sherlock's hip as he nuzzled his neck, nose pressing into his curly locks. "I thought we might go to the cinema later, does that sound nice?"
"He's uh- he's ill, I can tell him you called," John shifted on his hips and adjusted the mouthpiece under his chin, pulling the cord and moving to the kitchen to make Sherlock some tea.
*whispers* I know Sherlock has been very resistant to John thus far, but I wanted to emphasize that his resistance and "alpha tendencies" are for show and used a way of maintaining dignity and humanity in a very inhumane and undignified societal role *kisses for all of u*
"Gone off you?" Sherlock whispered, "You
"No, 'course I bloody well do," Greg pressed a chaste kiss to his lips and took his hands in his, rubbing circles over his tense knuckles, "I only meant, you're so rough with Sherlock, he's just a kid you know? I remember being a bit sulky when I was his age,"
"I'm okay, d-daddy, really, I'm fine," Sherlock feigned a hopefully convincing smile and looked up at daddy.
was inside of his skull, the rest was transport.
"Mummy it's been three whole
"I'm not sure," He said honestly, looking up to John, lips quirked into a tiny smile. John smiled quizzically before linking their arms and pulling him away, "You did so good, darling, that was amazing what you did back there," John pressed a kiss to his ear and Sherlock blushed, but his heart still ached in his chest, everything feeling so conflicted.
He wasn't a failure, not completely.
"Thanks," Sherlock said softly, looking up at the gingery blonde woman with velvety skin and a smile that never seemed to fade, even when she didn't think he was looking. Sherlock found her inexplicably easy to trust. She was divorced,
"That part was
"What is it, John?" Sherlock rubbed his eyes, standing and approaching to read it himself, his heart tight and his throat itchy. John shook his head and put the letter on his desk.
"Is terribly loud, John?" Sherlock said in awe, and John only continued to read his newspaper.
"John! You let go of me!" He cried, tucking his nose into John's neck, who chuckled and rubbed circles on his milky smooth back.
He whispered, and they shared a smile.
"There isn't time, Gregory, I have to go, goodbye,"
"Mrs. H put it together before we left. I told her not to, that we weren't trying yet, but she got so excited to have you around," John paused to adress the woman who came around to ask if they wanted tea, then turned and pressed a kiss to his lover's hair. "She's never had pups,"
to the very bored omega.
"Steady, Holmes," Sherlock nodded and drove a bit faster, eyes steady on the road, controlling his racing heart, and soon he could see the train station.
That did it. Sherlock came instantly, his whole body ripping in half, white flashing in his eyes, muscles seizing, his chest and stomach drenched in sticky cream. John continued to pump, Sherlock mewling, horribly oversensitive. John pulled tight on Sherlock’s hair like the reins of a horse as he came himself, pumping Sherlock full of seed, fingers pressing bruises into his right hip. Sherlock was floating, his mind fuzzy as daddy untied him. He barely was aware of daddy cleaning his tummy with a warm flannel, pressing kisses onto his shoulders.
"I'm so sorry, I'm being so childish," Sherlock mumbled as he slackened into John's warmth, strong arms wrapped around his middle, holding them close, kneeling on the floor of the downstairs linen closet.
"Sherlock Holmes,"
"I'm sorry, I understand," Sherlock turned his chin and looked away. John's eyes remained on the letter, his fist against the wood of the desk. He scrubbed his face and sighed.
this shouldn't even count as a chapter- on second thought writing this in June might not have been a good idea...
There was applause, and ringing bells and a beaming crowd of family. Sherlock was completely and utterly lost, eyes locked into John's- their deep blue shimmering like twilight, and as he looked carefully, he was quite sure he could just make out a thousand glowing stars inside of them. The world seemed to rotate around him, a brilliant burning sun at the center of the galaxy- Sherlock a cold and lonely moon before, now awash in the glow of
The phone rang and Emelia only screamed, and Greg sighed, laying her in her crib in a last-ditch effort, to which she jumped up and began to clamber up over. He flapped a blanket over the top of her crib and raced to the hallway just as it reached the third ring.
These chapters are getting shorter and shorter, and I promise, once I hunt down and capture my muse they'll be long again.
John's knee shook with excitement as the car pulled away,
"William Sherlock Scott, will you have this man to be your Alpha, to live together after God’s ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony? To love, honour, and obey him, in sickness and in health; and, forsaking all others, obey his order, as the church follows Christ, so bear his seed and be of his house, and to keep only onto him, as long you shall live?"
John Watson's heart raced, thumping in his chest like a drum, loud and fast and it thrummed through every vein. He swallowed thickly and grasped the rings out of his sporran, holding them out in his hand to examine. The abbey was abuzz, and John tried not to look anyone in the eyes. He smiled at his housekeeper, who gave him a thumbs up from the first row. He could laugh at how pathetically empty his side of the church was. He looked down the aisle, where Greg was rushing as he strode, smiling wide with hands tucked in his pockets. John smiled, and they shook hands.
"Get your nose out of it, Watson, this one's mine,"
to me, of course Mother and Sherlock will meet you, was only a question of when."
"Oh," She said softly, looking down a bit as Sherlock filled his room with smoke.
"Quite right, you need me, don't you?"
Silence.
"Y'know my husband was a solider too,"
"Go to your room," The Alpha growled, and a thrill raced down Sherlock's spine as he obeyed, tugging on the phone and unraveling the cord. How John could have ever anticipated the need for such a long wire, Sherlock was pleased to remain ignorant of. "God, I bet you're blushing aren't you," John whispered, and Sherlock could almost feel his breath on his skin, his bondbite pulsing with want, even through the haze of induced pheromones of the scent blockers. "Posh little pale arse all pink with embarrassment,"
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispered, “Daddy,”
"Got it," He gasped, fingers grazing a bullet, metal still hot against his fingertips. He gently pulled it between his fingers, John making inhuman noises in pain, and wiggled it free, pulling it out and gasping at it in his palm.
"Wait a moment, Mycroft, he is
“Hi,” John grinned, “Sleep good?”
"So do you have a boyfriend?" Agatha leaned in and Sherlock blushed, opening his mouth before Janine jumped in.
"I don't sleep with much regularity so I couldn't make a fair analysis," Sherlock mumbled and John laughed, warm and low and deep and it sent Sherlock's heart into a dizzying race.
John was knackered. Not since that outbreak of malaria back in Calcutta had the good doctor been so off his feet. The clinic was packed, and he was frightfully late for dinner. His shoes clacked against the pavement as he strode up Baker Street, giving the cafe owner a nod before turning his key and stepping in, his hat and coat on the rack. Mrs. Hudson was out, if the shut door and missing hat were anything to be going on, and John climbed the stairs like it was the final hundred yards up Everest. A ribbon of black smoke met his nose and he rushed up the rest, pushing open the door to find the flat quite smoked.
"Alright, Jawn,"
"Problem?"
Sherlock Holmes had lived a comfortable life. Sweet and innocent days of childhood that hazed together into a scrapbook of pirate games and honeyed tea and skinned knees. Boyhood fantasies that wasted away hours and days as he wandered the grounds of the estate, sword in hand, slaying dragons and fencing monstrous sea creatures. Sherlock's tummy had began to hurt that day. Nothing terrible, surely nothing a bubble bath or some stollen chocolate from Nanny couldn't fix. Mycroft was home from school- perhaps they could play pirates later, go out to the little stream and let Sherlock ride on his shoulders...
"Oh, ta, Harry," John snapped, removing his kit and changing back into trousers. "Oh, I'm bringing Greg along tonight, is that a problem?" He added, zipping himself up with a little jump before sitting to lace up his oxfords.
"I can stay out here, Sherlock, but it isn't safe for me to come in, that's why the door is so secure," Mycroft sighed, slouching down against the wall, head tilted back, arms resting on his knees.
"Help! Please! He's been shot, please,"
"Love, you can't do this to yourself," Janine knelt next to him, pulling him into a tight hug. "Now there's roast and Agatha is going to eat all of it if we don't stop her," Sherlock bit back a smile, looking up at his friend and swiping at the tears that drizzled down his cheeks.
"You know I'm going to the shops today if you'd like to come, love?" She smiled, pulling off her gloves and sitting next to him, chin resting on her hand.
Sherlock had presented- he dismissed this archaic biological explanation, pinning it to his subconscious deducing what his conscious mind could not. He turned to Mummy, swallowing and looking at her meaningfully. His little brother was an Omega. Meek, timid creatures which needed protection, guidance, affection. He grimaced, looking down at his feet and shoving hands in his pockets.
“Have you written your list?” Sherlock shook his head. John chuckled. “Well, you better hurry so he knows what to bring you!” Sherlock’s eyes grew wide. Mycroft had once found his letter to Santa and burned it in the fireplace, laughing at him as he sat on his chest. The memory made his chest tighten, his breathing starting to go shallow. John sighed and rubbed circles into the back of Sherlock’s coat before opening his door and setting him down in his seat, buckling his seatbelt and pressing a kiss on his forehead, Sherlock’s icy cold nose rubbing on his neck. “Oi! You’re freezing, princess, here I can help,” daddy pressed warm wet kisses all over Sherlock’s face, his boy squirming and squealing beneath him. John grinned and circled to the driver’s side.
"What's the meaning of this?" Sherlock said finally, eyebrows furrowed into a glare. Greg smirked and shoveled some bacon into his mouth, looking over to Mycroft with a look that said
Suddenly, a horrible, terrible cloud came down on John. Somehow, in the swimming and the drive and the heat they'd forgotten the condom.
"Stop it,
Bullet between his eyes, his beautiful eyes the colour of the sea.
"No!" Moran growled and Sherlock tilted his head in amused agreement, before turning, his lips turned into a small smile.
writers block is real, boyos, and I'm trying my darn best.
Sherlock didn't reply, only barely scratching his teeth along, and John yelped, shoving himself down Sherlock's hot tight throat before coming like a freight train, (fittingly just as Sherlock reached "...happy and glorious,") and whispering Sherlock's name. Sherlock stopped his tune and let John's now limp cock leave his lips with a lurid
warning- mentions of previous drugs use and self-harm :(
John cleared his throat, and Sherlock only looked down, frozen solid under their sharp eyes. He rubbed a spot on the floor with his shoe, it really was quite shiny.
"My told me you were reporting today, I thought I'd come see you off, is that okay?" Greg said quickly, remembering the laundry incident. Sherlock shook his head and turned properly.
"I wouldn't want you dancing alone, besides," The captain paused, tiliting his head to the side and looking at Sherlock with raised eyebrows, "You were getting some, let's say, unrespectable attention," The Captain turned them, guiding Sherlock until he was facing the other corner, where some dodgy looking Alphas were practically drooling into their lager watching him.
How lucky he was, Mycroft had said, to be allowed to learn. Most Alphas would not be so lenient. Holding this glare was painful, his biology
"What are we doing here, ma'am?" Vanecia asked the Commander, who stood with a smug grin and raised her eyebrows.
She cried, jumping from her chair and rushing to meet them. Sherlock barely moved as she grabbed him by the face and pressed a kiss to each cheek. "Le garçon sur les photos! Sherlock!" (
"Perhaps I should speak to someone else, good day Mr. Carmichael,"
Sometimes Sherlock was afraid that John might come back different. Sometimes Sherlock was afraid that John might not come back at all.
"I'm frightfully older than you, that's for sure. But really, Sherlock, I-" John paused, his chest tightening and his left hand trembling horribly. The hand he used to hit Sherlock. The memory sent shivers throughout his body. "Yeah, no, I don't think I'm ready."
“Yes Sherlock, you may,”
"The girls and I are going dancing, to celebrate, be dressed in ten minutes," She swung on her heel and giggled, and Janine turned, clapping excitedly and pulling a stubborn Sherlock off the cot and wiping away his stray tears.
"Good, because you are
patronized but so fucking turned on. Damn you, John. Damn you and your fucking voice. "Clothes off, Sherlock," Sherlock's cheeks flared, his hands shaking but he looked down bashfully and pulled off his apron, tugging open the buttons of his shirt with trembling fingers. John's gaze felt like electricity on his skin, sending shivers down his back as he tugged his shirt off his shoulders, unclipping his braces and dropping his trousers.
"Please, sir, don't do that," Martin soothed and Sherlock whined, crossing his arms in a strop as the feebly old man bent down to retrieve the oversize ring. Sherlock tucked a stray fringe behind his ear, brushing against the flowers in his hair.
case. Sherlock glared over at this flatmate.
"I-um, i'm Sherlock Holmes, I was told to come here," He showed him his papers, nibbling on his lip as he looked them over, the alpha giving him a questioning look.
“I have to post your letter, sweetheart, but I’ll be in soon.” Sherlock nodded and pushed his face into a pillow, dark eyelashes fluttering closed as he yawned.
“Sherlock, sweetheart, time to wake up, we’re home,” Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open as daddy unbuckled his seat belt and pulled him onto his hip. He hadn’t even realized he’d fallen asleep, but he drowsily leaned his head on daddy’s shoulder as they rode the lift. “We need to have a talk, princess, and then we can open your early gift, ‘right love?” Sherlock nodded, stomach churning at the thought of their evening. Daddy had relied on Sherlock to do one thing- to behave and to be respectful, and Sherlock had ruined it. Embarrassed his daddy and spoiled his Christmas. Tears welled in his eyes as they entered the flat and daddy set him gingerly on the kitchen bench, tugging the velvety jacket off Sherlock’s trembling shoulders. Daddy flicked on the kettle and set to making tea, Sherlock sniffling and fidgeting with the cuffs of his silk shirt.
"Sh, John, I'm sleeping," The omega rumbled, face flopped across John's chest.
Sherlock keened as John pushed him down against the bed, pulling his arms above his head, pining his wrists in one hand, using the other to explore under his shirt, pinching lightly on his left nipple. Sherlock’s curls toppled back across the duvet, his eyes shut tightly. His heart was beating like jingle bells as daddy straddled him, planting kisses and bites along his neck, nibbling his ear. “Daddy!” Sherlock whispered urgently, eyes still pressed shut.
"I know."
"Well you've seen me, haven't you?" Sherlock grumbled dangerously low, locking eyes with John, his baby blues shimmering with excitement. John licked his lips, eyes raking over Sherlock's lean and athletic form.
"He shouldn't have said it, Sherlock. I've made the arrangements. It's settled. You
No wonder John liked this so much.
"I'm afraid you can't, love, against regulations. Have to see you to the car." Sherlock nodded softly and followed her.
. Ridiculous-"
"Darling, it doesn't hurt, not if it's done right, even out of heat," He whispered, pressing calming hands to his petal smooth skin. "Sex is rather enjoyable, trust me," John smiled, and Sherlock seemed to relax, even if his scent still reeked of the tranquilizer. Sherlock was barely awake, barely in control, but it was alright. John was holding him, keeping him, he was enveloped in the safe, warm smell of John. He reached with shaking hands and grasped Johns, which were resting around his tummy, the Alpha letting out a pleased grunt and squeezing his fingers.
also- brief mention of eating disorders and drug use
"You did what you're supposed to do,"
could justify hitting Sherlock. He knew that. Fucking hell, he was so angry. He growled, fist clenching at his sides, and he hung his head in a deep low breath.
He was starting to not even make sense to himself anymore. The door to their room creaked open, and his chin whipped around to see who it was. Marie jumped when he saw her, but her shock faded into a sweet smile.
"Not the only one," Greg smiled, "I'm on your side remember."
"Hi Dr Watson," Sherlock said sweetly, his lips turned into a smile, eyes closed delicately.
John cleared his throat and Sherlock shook his head, pulling the gloves up to his elbows.
, he thought,
. Boring old army boy John. Second born, just a bit scrappy John. His eyes flickered a bit around to the paintings and ornate furniture, giving Greg eyebrows, to which he only laughed. They both looked rather silly in a grand feminine room like this. The door burst open to reveal a peeved looking Mycroft, dragging a very obstinate Sherlock by his arm. Sherlock was just as beautiful, if not more so, in the daylight- sharp blue eyes and riotous midnight curls that shone, soft and bright like a glossy advert or film star. His pale, milky skin glowed with a embarrassed, rosy flush- oh, to see the rest of it, to carve sweet kisses and bite all along that expanse of marble flesh, to mark as
Sherlock smiled, a teeny little sad smile, before Greg set his paper down and looked at his watch.
"Hello, Information,"
"What for?"
"hey daddy?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock eyes only flickered in abject fascination as John kissed him, the world in black and white, as if he'd been transported into a film.
"Do you want me to bring up some dinner for you, later, or maybe some tablets to help with the pain? I've got a sister." Sherlock shook his head dramatically, horribly drunk, and collapsed as soon as they were at the top of the stairs. "Oh my, alright," Greg scooped him up and carried him the rest of the way, stopping and biting his lip at the black metal door and deadbolt.
“Breakfast,” John called from the kitchen and Sherlock shuffled over, still drowsy with sleep. “Figured you’d like something sweet,” He winked. A plate of waffles sat waiting for Sherlock at the bench, so he slid on to a stool and dug his fork in, mindlessly taking a bite. His stomach turned and he slowed down.
) He kissed her back and smiled, for once grateful for his hateful lessons in french.
"Where are you going?"
“I’m not feeling well, Master. May I stay home?” John let go slowly, rubbing a firm hand across his shoulders before placing his palm on his pet’s forehead. His face was full of concern.
"Let's go."
"Sherlock," Mycroft stated, obviously, face wrinkled with confusion as he sat back in his enormous chair.
"So this is where you tell me to bugger off right?" John said sadly, a bit sarcastic, looking over to the redheaded alpha who wasn't more than a few years older than himself. Mycroft's eyes raised, pulling a cigarette case from inside his jacket, offering one to John silently, who accepted, offering his light.
"It was a wedding present from your dearest brother." He muttered sarcastically and Sherlock momentarily frowned, even if it was
"Sherlock?" Mycroft knocked on the thick metal door, hearing the faint keens of a small child. "Sherlock it's Mycroft, I brought you some things,"
Mycroft huffed and strode across the drive, umbrella tucked under his arm and a glare on his face. Sherlock's sweet smile as his eyes flickered over the contents of the bonnet almost made him pause. "Stop bothering Mr. Brooks and go inside at
"Sorry I coloured out, Master, I- I wasn't trying to,
"Mostly, yes, but we help where we're needed." She smiled, "You should look into it,"
"I burnt the roast," Sherlock laughed, his lips turned into that silly little smile. John chuckled and led Sherlock by the hand into the sitting room.
"Who, sir?"
"Quite,"
Sherlock stood awkwardly as Mrs. H toodled around the shop, chatting up the woman behind the counter. He inspected the large rolls of cloth, the little spools of thread in dozens of colours, a wall with packets labeled "
"Christ," John whispered as HMHS Paris approached the shore, looking through binoculars to the pale sand streaked with queues of ants. But they weren't ants, they were soldiers. "How many are there?"
"No, I won't. I'm going to marry Sherlock, I don't need a big ceremony, all I need is your signature and a bishop to watch."
"Thank you so much, Greg, really." The detective beamed and raised his glass.
"I am not your plaything Mycroft, to be tossed about as you see fit."
"What?" Janine smiled and tugged his arm, "I need a drink," Sherlock let himself be dragged along to the bar as Janine got some whiskey or something, knocking it back and grinning, turning her attention to the men leaning against the wall to their left.
. He gasped at the sweet relief, although fleeting. The maid tucked him into the bed, looking at him with forlorn sadness, which confused him greatly. He must be dying.
"This is the silliest party I've ever heard of, Martin, why do I have to dress like a- like a faery or something!" Sherlock flapped his loose sleeves around like wings. The family heirloom of the presentation gown was so large on him, never had a Holmes presented
for it, we took them in the army" He said, the words trailing into a dry cough.
nothing
"I love you, Master,"
"Good, take off your clothes," John whispered darkly. The omega blinked. Rapidly. Did he just say..."Go on, be a good lad and take off your clothes," John said with a bit more cheek and Sherlock's face was flaring crimson, his heart beat inside of them, his tongue heavy in his mouth as he sucked in weak breaths.
July 15, 1934
"Who is it, Hugh?" Came a harsh voice from inside and Sherlock's skin prickled.
"I'll keep my eyes shut, I promise, kiss me, and
"Murray sir, Bill Murray," John held out his hand and they shook firmly.
"No, no, he's most welcome. You'll need to be on best behavior, Sherlock- he's in search of a mate." Sherlock scoffed and choked on his tea, coughing a bit, corners of his plush lips turned in a smile.
"Your tan, you've been in the sun, but your tan is only below your wrists and above your neck. You're only 25 or so, and I doubt you enlisted at 18, so you've risen ranks rather quickly. Where can a British army doctor get some sun these days and attain a nice post of Empire? India or Australia." Sherlock bit his lip and looked up nervously, icy blue eyes twinkling with flecks of green.
I shamelessly stole from this actual account of Gladys Newlyn, who was in the ATS, feel free to check it out!:
“I have an idea daddy,”
-.--  ---  ..- (Y O U)
"I said," John whispered, eyes dark as their foreheads touched, his eyebrows furrowing slightly, "Do you trust me?" Sherlock's breath hitched as his eyes flickered over John, they were so close he was a bit cross-eyes trying to look him in the eyes. Sherlock let out a shaky breath, dripping inky curls plastered to his forehead.
"I thought you were all farmers?"
"Bletchley Park, a radio factory,"
"Come in, come in both of you, I can make tea, if I can find some...." Esther mumbled, scatter-brained, still trying to soothe the baby. "I've tried to get her to sleep but she just won't sleep, she needs to sleep"
"but- but- you can bring them with you, they can stay in the nursery! mummy won't mind, and- and then you can stay. Please, stay," Sherlock grasped her hands as she went to grab the pomade. She shook her head, a bit of sadness in her emerald eyes.
“Sorry, you two, but maybe being around while I’m trying to teach isn’t the best idea.  I’ve got a free period after lunch if you’d like to come down then instead.  I’d be able to give you my full attention for whatever it is you’d like to know…”
“I’m sorry, Cecelia, but your da and I don’t think you’re old enough for Hagrid’s class.  A visit with him will have to wait until a time when classes aren’t in session.”
“What?!”  John took the offering and began scanning the page.  At the top was a single paragraph, describing what they already knew about the question mark the quill occasionally added to potential students’ names.  Below it, however, was a short list of names.  John scanned them quickly until he found what was important – Violet Bele (Holmes), 1946, was listed with the others H’s in the group.  “Holy shit.”
Nicolette turned back to face him, both eyebrows now raised in dull surprise. “May I be perfectly honest with you, John?” At his nod, she continued. “I saw the way his eyes followed you last night, and yours him. And I know the expression he held in them – what he feels for you goes far beyond friendship. Whatever your current arrangement may be, he clearly would be open and more than willing for something much more.”  She traded her now empty glass for a new one as a waiter passed, nodding her thanks. “Just something to think about.” With that, she sent him a wave and strolled away.
Sherlock gave a nod of agreement and eyed the wand now resting on the mantle.  “I understand if you’re not allowed, John, but if possible, could I…?”
Sherlock shivered as he rushed back to the castle, only partially from the cold.  His careful ears stayed sharp to listen for any approaching footsteps, but the snow muffled much and only made his anxiety grow worse.  Both for reassurance and his own defense, he slipped his wand from his sleeve and gripped it tightly in his hand.  He couldn’t remember ever encountering a man who alarmed him in the same way Doyle did.  Much like John, he was stronger than his smaller appearance made him look, and Sherlock had to admit that in a physical struggle Doyle would most likely prove the greater.  Normally Sherlock wouldn’t be put off by this knowledge, but with the addition of his advanced skills at magic, he proved to be a much stronger opponent than most others Sherlock faced.  Without his consent, Sherlock found himself more terrified at what Doyle could and would do to him, and even Cecelia, if given the chance.
“Try the next one,” Sherlock called, noticing a flash of robe in greenhouse two.  Cecelia skipped down the row and pulled the door open before Sherlock could reach her.  He hurried his pace and just managed to follow her inside as she rushed up to Neville at the front of the room.
John could only nod, refusing to meet Sherlock’s eyes as he lowered the pair of duffle bags from his shoulders.  “I grabbed some of your things, mostly a bit of clothing and the books I brought that I knew you hadn’t read yet, and collected some of my things that were still at the flat.  Luckily we keep Cecelia’s diaper bag fairly organized – she should be set for a bloody month with the amount of stuff in that thing.”
She took the offered hand and gave it a firm shake.  “I’m glad to see you doing well for yourself finally, John Watson, despite everything.  Please give Mr. Holmes my regards.”  Her eyes lit once again with a tiny spark of mischief.  “Do let him know I’m intrigued to hear what he’s found out about Floo Powder.  I imagine his thoughts are delightfully imaginative.”  With a nod in reply to John’s laugh, she left him and Cecelia alone with a sharp crack as she Apparated away.
“God, Sherlock, I’m so sorry.”  Sherlock realised that John had gone from checking him over for injuries to whispering into his hair without him even noticing.  He cradled Sherlock differently than usual, holding him close as always but with a softer touch that made Sherlock feel as though he was broken.  “I knew I should have done something sooner, I could tell something wasn’t right after Hogsmeade.  This is all my fault; I should have noticed, I should have stopped this long ago – “
Sherlock was just about to reach out and snatch up the vial when the prisoner gave a dramatic sigh and reappeared at the cell window.  “A bloke tries to have a bit of excitement and this is the thanks he gets,” he said before poking a hand out to point at Havens.  “About a quarter ‘til rounds, that one came slinking down the corridor and went in Yaxley’s cell.  He was in and out in less than five minutes all told.  Didn’t make a sound, did he, and I couldn’t hear proper enough to tell what happened, but once they came back to do the official work, it wasn’t particularly hard to figure it out.”
Harry stood in the doorway out to the garden, two mugs in his hands and a grin on his face.  He approached and placed the mugs before them.  “This looks cosy.  Hope I’m not interrupting anything.”
John chuckled and wrapped his arm around his waist. “Thank
Tucking the boxes under his arm, he set off in search once more, mumbling to himself.  Sherlock turned to face John, his arms crossed over his chest in a manner that was both defensive and protective.  “Does it always go like this?  Just trying random wands until one works?  And how do you even tell if it’s the right one?  There’s hardly any rhyme or reason to all of this.”
They followed Molly into the hallway and toward the back of the house, John still clutching Sherlock’s hand.  Outside, a long table that appeared bigger than it should sat laden with numerous dishes.  An older man close to Molly’s age, his red hair thinning and revealing a balding top, had his wand out and was just finishing casting a spell around the area.  As soon as he lowered his arm, the air in the surrounding spot turned a comfortable, controlled temperature.  He meandered around the table and came to Molly’s side, wrapping his arm across her shoulders.
Greg cackled and darted out the door.  “Meet us out at the quad in twenty, yeah?  I’m gonna go grab Molls!”
John studied him and sighed.  “No, it’s fine, really.  You’re right, in a way, I suppose.  It sounds like you might have been speaking from experience.”
John set his tea aside as well and dug around in a drawer for the camera they had bought before they came to Hogwarts.  Sherlock, meanwhile, began unbuttoning his shirt and pulled it and his jacket down his arms to settle at his waist.  When John turned back around, his expression had shifted into the professionally detached look that he used when taking care of patients.  He briskly snapped a few shots, tilting Sherlock’s face and arms as necessary before trading the camera for his wand.
“That may be, but I wager he wouldn’t mind keeping things the same for both.”
When John didn’t continue, Sherlock shifted towards him slightly in a sign of encouragement.  “But…you can’t come back from the dead, at least not literally.  Not even Moriarty was able to, although he did his best to make it seem that he had.  You can’t possibly have that kind of power.”
“On magic, you nutter, what else?”  John stepped out through the kitchen door and shot up the stairs to Cecelia’s room.  Moments later he came back down laden down with blankets, pillows, and toys.  He kicked aside the remaining unpacked bags until they were under the desk and tossed his pile of items in front of the empty grate.  Studying their pair of armchairs, he started to push and pull them together so that Sherlock’s sat directly in front of the fireplace, blocking the grate completely from the room.  He positioned his own chair in front of one of the bookcases, right next to Sherlock’s.  Once satisfied with them, he started to pile the pillows in a medium-sized circle in the area where the chairs normally sat.  The space in the middle remained open, the blankets John brought quickly spread out on the area for cushioning.  He built the sides up enough so Cecelia couldn’t climb over them before they noticed and placed the toys sporadically throughout her makeshift play area.  When finished, he looked up to see Sherlock standing with Cecelia in his arms, watching him with a soft smile.
“It doesn’t matter – we need to get to the meeting spot before they do.”  Without warning, Sherlock darted into the darkness, slipping through the trees with unnatural ease.  John struggled to follow, his progress significantly less graceful, and muttered curses under his breath.  Figuring that whoever they were meeting would hear his elephantine scrambling regardless, he pulled out his phone and chose a torch app Mary had added, bringing an abrupt and enormous brightness into the otherwise eerie blankness.  Even with the light, however, he struggled to keep track of Sherlock, the man’s progress more feline than human in his ability to crawl through the trees almost silently.  John was forced to assume he had been through here before.
“I…”  Sherlock blinked down at the woman, her fascinated gaze slightly disconcerting.  She waited patiently for his answer, her smile growing as he fumbled for words.  He cleared his throat and straightened his shoulders.  “Partially, yes.  Why do you ask?  Did you know him back then?”
Niall burst into giggles while Sherlock rolled his eyes. Despite that, Sherlock shot him a tiny grin before continuing to speak to Niall. “Which of the regulars will be attending tonight?”
“Alex, I’m sure Olivia appreciates your enthusiasm, but remember what we’ve all been discussing recently.”
When it got closer to early afternoon, they headed to a Nero around the corner.  John introduced Cecelia to blueberry muffins, crumbling them into smaller pieces and feeding them to her.  He sipped at his latte and twirled his mobile around, hoping for a text from Sherlock, but it remained silent.  He sighed and prepped a bottle for Cecelia to go with her treat, shoving his mobile out of sight.  As soon as he did, he felt it vibrate in his jacket pocket.  Choosing to ignore it for the time being, he shuffled the pram closer and passed over the bottle.
Sherlock nodded and spun around to face Cecelia.  “Have you got your project ready to bring along?”
John’s brows furrowed and he glanced over at Cecelia, who was watching the other cars drive past them in fascination.  “Ah, no, actually.  Widower.  Just the two of us for now.  Right at this moment, I mean.  It’s complicated.”
“Go on, try it,” John insisted, spooning some of it on his plate and Sherlock’s as well.  “It’s not poisoned and it’ll definitely be better than anything you’ve had from either me or your papa.”
James glanced over at Thor and nodded his head in Sherlock’s direction.  Immediately she trotted over to sit at his feet and looked up at him.  She barely settled before Sherlock knelt down on her level to scratch her neck and accept her kisses.  John, meanwhile, watched them with a smile.  “Right.  Well, Mycroft and I have been in touch with the necessary parties and we think we’ve found out how to settle all of this once and for all, if you’d like.”
“Potential…” he muttered, eyes narrowed at the wand.  He hummed and stood, snatching up his laptop to start investigating.
Sherlock’s slight shaking finally melted into ease at John’s comforting words.  “That was Apparation, then?  You weren’t concerned about splinching?”
“You remember the way back?”  He waited for Sherlock to nod before removing his hand from his thigh.  “I’ll be back soon.  Read to her and wait up for me?”  Sherlock nodded once more before rising to his feet.  As he strolled down between the rows of tables with Cecelia in his arms, he felt an odd, uncomfortable sensation on the back of his neck.  He stole a final glance behind him as he walked from the room and instantly locked eyes with Doyle.  He grinned and winked at Sherlock, who barely withheld a shudder as he hurried away.
Sherlock nodded and John went back to his nipple, biting down lightly on it to see Sherlock’s reaction. He let out a yelp that turned into a long moan and his hands came up to bury in John’s hair. John continued working on his nipple, humming in contentment when Sherlock massaged his scalp with his long fingers. He eventually moved on to the left one, giving it the same treatment. When he finally pushed himself back up to a sitting position, a pleasing flush had spread across Sherlock’s entire chest and he panted heavily, his eyes half closed in pleasure.
“It’s entirely possible that they didn’t.” Sherlock’s attention switched from the brooch to the written note that came with it. “Obviously everyone who has attended the exhibit has seen at least some of your scar and some likely have put together that, between it and your natural military rest, you served at some point. With how specific it is to you, however, I suspect whoever is leaving these notes did some research on you after learning your name.”
“No, it’s fine.”  He made to grab his food and paused to turn back to John.  “Would you…like to join me?  My landlady dropped off a bottle of wine before I left…”
“Your adventure,” Sherlock muttered, snuggling down into his pillow. He felt John’s smile against his skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
John smiled into Sherlock’s collar.  “I know.  Thank you.”
Footsteps tapped up the steps and came to a halt directly behind him.  He turned and hugged Sherlock, the wrap jammed awkwardly between their chests.  Sherlock remained frozen for a moment, but eventually curled his arms around John’s neck and rested his head on John’s.  John breathed a sigh into Sherlock’s shoulder.
John attempted to cover his sudden gasp at the man’s approach, but couldn’t be certain whether or not he was successful.  If nothing else, he managed a deep breath of him because of it, a pleasing mixture of tobacco smoke and winter air combined with something mellow that had to be his natural scent.  The man sat close enough that the arms of their jackets brushed against each other when they moved and John forced himself to continue breathing normally.  By the time his heart finally returned to a pace resembling normal, the man spoke and sent it off at double time again.
“Obviously that has made no difference,” Dumbledore interjected.  Sherlock frowned up at the portrait and Dumbledore continued.  “Although, as far as we know, the quill has never been wrong before, you still have managed to perform more magic than any Muggle has before.  Regardless of the quill’s beliefs, you have proven that it was incorrect simply in being able to gain a wand and perform magic on your own.  Despite expectations, your skill has forced itself to be known.”
“Why is Molly coming over if we’re leaving?” Sherlock asked.  He swept up the remnants of his ingredients into an empty bowl, turning off his Bunsen burner as he did.
Sherlock realized what was happening a second too late. He lunged forward to grab any part of her he could, his eyes wide in shock. The last sight he had of her before she fell backward over the edge was her sad smile.
Overall the rooms were very similar to the ones they had the last time they stayed at Hogwarts.  The sitting room sat along the left, longer and more narrow than theirs back at 221b.  A pair of windows looking out on the grounds flanked a pair of armchairs, comfortable looking and well worn.  The corner of the room held a small fireplace, Billy the skull already sat on its mantle to survey the room.  A third, smaller armchair leaned against the wall between the other two, obviously meant for Cecelia, and a plush black sofa took up most the wall opposite, with a small coffee table before it.  A lush rug covered nearly all of the stone floor, bringing a cosiness and comfort to the room.  Its final touch came from the bison skull and headphones, which sat over the sofa to balance its opposite windows.
John’s eyebrows rose and he stood too, peering in at the potion.  “Seriously?  That’s NEWT level work.  I barely managed it in seventh year Potions.”
“John?  What’s wrong?”
She chuckled a bit at that and continued. "I didn't know what I believed, honestly. I was raised to think that family was of the highest importance and that I existed to bring our name honour. I took the Mark because it was expected of me, not for any particular enthusiasm for the cause."
"Sherlock. Now please." Sherlock wiped his eyes with the back of his sleeves and stepped into it, swallowing thickly and looking at the floor- tracing the ornate fabric with his eyes. Clara clicked the locks in place, buckling the straps and giving his thigh a soft pat, turning the key before stepping away with forlorn eyes. She placed the keys in Greg's palm, and Sherlock snatched his trousers from the back of a chair and slipped them on quickly, glaring daggers at Lestrade
anyone. Your Alpha Patronus has offered me your hand, but I will not accept it if you do not want me, Sherlock. I can offer you my love, protection, from all of it- from the terribly backwards notion that omegas can only keep house and breed pups. If you'll have me, Sherlock, I will love you, respect you, cherish and spoil you the way omegas should be spoiled. Children would be something far down the line, love, for now it's only us that I am interested in. I have 6 months left of my dispensation leave, but if you need more time to decide, I can wait,"
Twap!
is the most ridiculous thing I've ever done, I rescind all previous statements."
“Wait, you mean the one where Sherlock found out I’m a wizard?” John asked, turning with an incredulous expression to gape at Sherlock.  “Mary killed off everyone involved in that case once she realised who I was.  Hell, she even managed to break into bloody Azkaban to take out some of her old colleagues.”
John worked his own wand and sheath off and let them join Sherlock’s.  His eyes darted to Sherlock’s midsection, skittering across the skin but freezing when he spotted the tiny mark in the middle.  His eyebrows furrowed as he straightened, gaze fixed on the scar, and shifted back to sit more fully on Sherlock’s thighs.  He shifted his grip so that he could guide Sherlock into a leaning position on his elbows against the bed.  Once situated the way he wanted, John ran his hands up and down from Sherlock’s chest to his stomach, eventually stopping them at the scar.  He framed it with his thumbs and index fingers, the rest of his fingers splayed out against Sherlock’s skin, and glared down at the mark.
“I was captain my last two years and we won four cups while I was on the team,” John replied with a wide grin.  “I suppose you could say I was pretty decent.”
“Happy Christmas,” Sherlock echoed, his voice gravelly from both sleep and exertion.  He rested a hand on John’s neck, turning to blink down at him where he lay smiling up at him from Sherlock’s chest.  “Was that my present?”
John, this is it.  This has to have more information about the quill and the question marks.”
2. Be conscious of what you are saying in the comments. I have received multiple comments so far that are graphic in detail and made me feel very uncomfortable. Keep in mind that while you as the reader are consenting to what you are reading with the warnings of the tags, I do not have that luxury and go into the comments without knowing what they contain. Because of this issue, I have had to turn on commenting approval. As long as the comment isn't graphic, you will be totally fine, and while I LOVE comments, please just be aware that it is another human being on the other side of this fic and that I might not feel comfortable with what you are saying.
“Not so psychosomatic, is it?” John replied with a slight grin.  “It was from a shot during the Battle at Hogwarts.  I got caught between a few Death Eaters and got hit on the shin from a stray curse.  I only had the time to do a quick Healing of it at the time and it tends to act up when I’m stressed.”
From his reaction as John adjusted the ropes, John had a brief moment of inspiration. Wanting to make sure Sherlock would be up for it, John leaned in to run his lips along Sherlock’s collarbone, brushing over the rope and moving up to suck lightly on his neck. John forced himself to ignore the low groans deep in Sherlock’s throat and continued up to his ear. A sharp bite to the lobe ensured John had Sherlock’s full attention.
The woman standing on 221b’s stoop was elderly, even in comparison to Mrs. Hudson, yet held a muted spryness that became apparent in the strong way she held herself.  Despite the warm mid-July weather, she remained smartly dressed in a long tartan dress and black overcoat.  Her hair, long ago changed to solid grey, sat tightly knotted at the base of her scull in an immaculate bun.  Though she greeted Mrs. Hudson with a smile, it was tight lipped and stern.
The constant, dull bustle of London was a surprise after the relatively peaceful quiet of the Burrow’s countryside.  They huddled close as they emerged from the alley and made their way across the street.  When they unlocked the door and headed up the stairs, they heard voices from the sitting room.  The two of them glanced at each other briefly before running the rest of the way up.
“Unfortunately yes,” Niall replied with a sigh. “We’ve got a rented spot over in Soho and it all seemed to be going well as we set things up. My partner Ian actually found the studio for a decent price and came down before me to get it all going, set up the space and advertise and all that. Once I finished up our Belfast run, I met him down here and helped finish readying it. The first couple of weeks running went really well, but then it just got a bit…odd.”
“Did my letters have any influence on it?” Mycroft asked.  A hint of childhood uncertainly lay under his question, although he attempted to remain unaffected.  McGonagall snapped the book closed and tucked it under her arm.
Neville glanced over Sherlock’s shoulder to read it for himself, shooting him a quizzical look as he glanced over the no more than a dozen words.  “He barely even says anything there, not much more than an invitation to stop by.  Hell, he doesn’t even mention the case!  How could you possibly get from that to where you did on so little?”
Miss Jones sighed, though she tried to hide it.  “Please just put away your things, Sherlock.  We’ve been talking about starting this project today for a few weeks now, remember?  But we’ll have just as much fun working with Miss Hart’s class on this holiday activity as you would have during free time, don’t worry!”
John groaned and chose a spot across from his professor, easing the dull ache in his bad shoulder by shifting Cecelia to the opposite arm.  “I’m so sorry, Professor.  God, if I’d have known you were looking for me, I could have saved you the trouble.  Did he bother you terribly?”
“Probably for the best.  I can’t imagine a potion left unattended in an empty classroom would be a wise example of proper potion care.”
“There. You can be our ringmaster and I’ll be a trainer of some sort. Normally I’d be against anything as crass as the abuse of animals for entertainment, but I suspect the other connotations of a whip will go over well with this group of individuals.”
in the Muggle world, after all.”
Sherlock’s first stop once he had dressed was to the hospital wing to find John and Cecelia.  He strolled into the wing as he buttoned his jacket, his head darting around in search of anyone.  It soon became clear that it was empty and Sherlock frowned to himself as he stalked right back out.  He took a quick peek into John’s office to make sure they weren’t in there before setting off into the castle.
“Oh, you’re a regular bleeding heart, you are,” John replied, prodding Sherlock in the stomach to get him to step away.  Once free from his grasp, John turned back to see to Cecelia and Sherlock reattached himself to John’s back.  “She’s fine, just hungry.  Quit leeching yourself all over me and go make her a bottle, we’ll talk while she’s eating.”
Sherlock whined and pulled back from John’s lips.  Before John could ask, he attacked John’s shirt, yanking fiercely at the jumper until it joined Sherlock’s jacket on the floor.  When he found the t-shirt underneath, he growled.  “Too many clothes,” he mumbled to himself, and within seconds John’s top half was bare.
“It’s enormous!  How big can you make it?  Does it only work on luggage?  Will it stay this way or can you turn it back to normal?  Would it appear like this for a Muggle, say if Mrs. Hudson was to stumble upon it, or would she simply see it as a normal sized bag?”
John brought Cecelia to Regents after stopping off at a nearby Tesco for a loaf of bread.  They spent the rest of the morning with the birds at the lake, John breaking off tiny pieces from the loaf to lure them in.  Cecelia clapped and giggled at the decent sized flock they managed to gather around their bench and pram, occasionally attempting to reach out and snatch at one.  They made friends with a pair of dachshunds who excitedly went up on their hind legs to look into her pram and say hello.  While he was glad Cecelia was enjoying herself, John couldn’t help but constantly think of Sherlock back at the flat, worrying about whether or not he was doing well alone.
The next Saturday after the incident in the park, John was off at the clinic, so he offered to bring Cecelia along to Baker Street while he and Sherlock continued their investigation.  Opting to take a taxi to save uncomfortable time on the Underground with an infant meant he got to the flat quickly, Cecelia dozing on his chest and more books slung into the bag across his back.  Not even Mrs. Hudson was up and about in her flat yet, leaving John to pass over leaving Cecelia for a visit with her adoptive aunt and favourite napping partner.  He headed straight upstairs and unsurprisingly found Sherlock awake and active, pacing a dizzying path from his bedroom, through the kitchen, and into the living room.  John caught him muttering to himself as he passed by, climbing across the couch in his progress.  He didn’t even acknowledge John’s presence until he set the books down in his path, blocking his way.
He made his way down the semi-darkened hallway and into a comfortably bustling kitchen.  Molly stood at the stove, directing her wand to stir whatever sat in the pot before her.  Sherlock openly gaped at the amount of magic being performed with such everyday ease.  A second pot bubbled beside the first, its dial turning to adjust its temperature on its own.  The stove door opened without prompting, a large platter removing itself and floating off to the side to cool.  On the countertop, apples peeled and cut themselves, plopping into a bowl and spinning to mix with sweetened pastry dough.  Sherlock approached the table cautiously, waving a hand over the top of the bowl.  It shifted out of his way with ease, continuing to do its task despite the interruption.  He stared down into it to watch but straightened with a jump at Molly clearing her throat.
“Thank you, little bumblebee.  You’re pretty excellent yourself.”  He rose to his feet as she darted into the kitchen and his smile turned sad when he spotted Sherlock.  They stepped toward each other at the same moment, Sherlock pulling him close.  “I feel like a complete dick.”
Seconds later, the Great Hall’s doors burst open and the second through seventh years herded in, their voices an abrupt and overwhelming cacophony of noise.  They divided themselves into their respective houses, their ties the only suggestion otherwise of where they might belong.  Sherlock scanned the crowd, searching for brunettes and gingers he recognized.  John leaned back in his chair to tap Sherlock’s shoulder and point to the table on the far right.
Unilock.  John, Greg, and Molly enjoy the snow and Sherlock accidentally gets involved.
A blast of cold air announced the entrance of another potential customer.  John continued his perusal, ignoring whoever it was even when they came to stand a bit too close to his side, and soon lifted his eyes to meet the worker’s once more.  Instantly the man came over, wiping his hands on a towel over his shoulder.  He placed his order for spring rolls and a veggie curry, digging around for his wallet and passing over a twenty, and waved the man off when he attempted to give him the change.  Once the worker thanked him and gave him the usual twenty minute wait time, John meandered to the window bench and sat with a grateful groan.
“Yes!” John said, a bit too loudly, and cleared his throat. “Er, yeah, thanks. Pick out some takeaway, okay? I’ll be quick.”
“Did Sherlock call you?” John asked Mycroft, raising an eyebrow at Sherlock.  Sherlock’s only reply was to roll his eyes, twirling his wand in his hand.  Mycroft stood in the centre of the sitting room, shifting back and forth on his feet in the most overtly nervous motion John had ever seen from him.  John pointed a thumb over his shoulder into the kitchen.  “Should I make tea?”  When nobody responded, John nodded and muttered to himself, “Yeah, I’m going to make tea,” and headed into the other room.
Mrs. Hudson paused on the stairs to call back, “Not your housekeeper, dear, not even when you’ve guests!  Besides, I’ve just brought you a fresh pot not five minutes before, if you’d been at all bothered to pay attention.”  They heard the door to her flat shut with a determined snap, finally leaving the pair alone in their dueling observations.  Sherlock pulled out one of his many charming smiles, gesturing a pale hand toward the kitchen.
“John’s parents…”  Sherlock trailed off, eyes settling on the fireplace.  “I knew they were both dead, but beyond that, there’s little he will say or I can deduce.  What could an old schoolteacher of John’s possibly know of his parents’ deaths?”
“Let me know if he gets to be too much and we can change seats.  If you and Cecelia need to skip out early again, I’ll understand.”
“You’re too young to have met her at school,” Sherlock muttered half to himself.  “Not to mention she went to Durmstrang, not Beauxbatons.  Unless…”
“Don’t keep quiet,” he said, kissing his shivering skin when Sherlock looked down at him. “I could tell you’ve been trying to stop your noises all this week. We’re alone now; let me hear you properly.”
Going back to his pans, John added the bacon.  “You can give it a try.  Mary and I had just started to give her bits of random things, usually soft stuff like fruits and veg and cereal every so often, but we hadn’t tried apples yet.  She’s a fan of bananas if you’ve got any of those, as well as pears.”
“I suspected from the start. I knew on Tuesday.” Sherlock swallowed and finally looked up at John. When all he saw was the open expression on John’s face, he continued. “I spoke privately to Ian when we first took the case. While he seemed just as enthusiastic to meet us as Niall, I could tell he was unusually nervous. When I researched both of them over the weekend, I discovered that Ian came from a long line of family members in the military, which didn’t seem particularly relevant at the time. Though he did a decent job of hiding it, I could tell from our conversations that he was resentful of the amount of time Niall devoted to the project and how little recognition he was receiving for his small part in it. He clearly expected it to fail at the start and grew more angry the longer it succeeded. When he left the pin and note, I recognised the handwriting from paperwork in the office and the pin from his family history. I was able to hack into the security system the next day and have a copy sent to me before Ian had the chance to alter it. To be perfectly honest, his editing skills are exceptional and truly were wasted helping Niall.”
John was able to make himself a full English and clean up all of the dishes left in the sink while they were talking.  He scooped Cecelia up and brought her into the sitting room to check on them as soon as he was finished.  Sherlock had moved to stand at one of the windows, staring out of it with his arms crossed.  John glanced at James, concerned that something had happened, but James smiled reassuringly.  He hitched Cecelia higher up on his hip and approached Sherlock to place a hand on his back.  Sherlock jumped and turned, instantly stepping into John’s free side when he realized it was him.  He buried his face into John’s neck and sighed.
“A determined one,” Ollivander tutted, but if nothing else his expression turned thrilled at the prospect of a challenge.  “Not to worry, Mr. Holmes, we’ll find you one yet.  The right wand will call out for you eventually, I’m certain of it.”  He pushed the second wand aside and moved on to the next one.  “Now then, let’s see if this one does it.  Blackthorn, also unicorn tail hair, eleven and a half inches.  Stiff as a board, this one.  Perhaps that’s what you need, a bit of force to act against.”
By the time John returned, some of the colour had returned to Sherlock’s face and the lines around his eyes had smoothed out slightly.  The shivering finally stopped, but Sherlock kept the blanket tucked tightly around himself regardless.  John set their teas down and sat down close at Sherlock’s side, brushing the hair off of his forehead and studying his expression.
Adjusting the visitor’s badge on his collar, John squinted at the plaques next to the classroom doors as he passed them.  The main office told him that Olivia’s classroom was number 221, located out with a few other classrooms in the b section.  He remembered hearing her mention a few times that their windows looked out to the playground, so he set out in that direction to begin his search.
Sighing, he shoved his hands into his pockets and wandered over to glance into the Great Hall.  Finding it as empty as he expected, he pondered a trip down to the kitchens.  While the house elves could be exceptionally energetic when visited by anyone, he knew he’d at least be able to finally find something to eat.  His shoulders slumping in resignation, he marched down towards the kitchens’ corridor and the satisfaction he would find there.
For a breathless moment John simply watched Sherlock, his long body undulating as he worked himself faster on the dildo. In his focus on Sherlock, he forgot about the drinks in his arm and they clattered to the floor. Sherlock’s head shot around and John met his dilated eyes, both of them breathing heavily. Sherlock choked out a ragged, “John!” before he came, streaks of white splattering across his stomach. Stuttering an unintelligible apology, John bolted back down the stairs and out the door before Sherlock could even take a full breath.
When Sherlock simply stared up at her, McGonagall pushed past him with a gentle nudge, continuing down the stairs to pull open the door.  Before she stepped back out into the street, she turned to study the man frozen on the steps.  “It has been a fascinating visit, Mr. Holmes.  Thank you for the tea, and don’t forget to relay my message to John.”  With that, she pulled the door shut behind her.
“Drop it, Sherlock,” Mycroft replied, mirroring Sherlock to stand.  “This isn’t some game for you to learn everything you can before the timer runs out; this is a human being, John Watson to be precise, and his past.  If you truly care for him as I suspect you might, you will allow him to speak on his own terms in this one thing, if nothing else.”
He had fallen sprawled out against the bedspread.  One of his feet dangled over the edge, his opposite leg thrown out sideways to open himself up further.  He had bent one of his knees a bit towards him, but both were spread out to create a wide space between his legs.  He leaned back on his elbows, his head thrown back slightly to reveal his neck.  His curls had become completely unreasonable, falling in every direction in an ideal image of debauchery.  Even though they’d hardly begun, he already looked wrecked, his face a splotchy red, his lips turned deep crimson, and his mouth hanging barely open.  John finally released his breath in a gasp and moved so that he was standing between Sherlock’s sprawled legs, causing Sherlock’s head to fall back farther to look up at him through his lashes.
“Yep, right outside the Leaky and right in front of their bleeding noses.”
Niall wasn’t in the waiting room when they arrived. Ian strolled out at the sound of their arrival and gave them a curt hello before situating himself behind the computer as usual. John caught Sherlock staring at him a moment longer than usual and bristled, guiding him up to their dressing room a bit more gruffly than he normally would. Sherlock didn’t react to the change in demeanor and simply followed silently, setting the bag he brought with him on the dressing table once the door shut behind them.
John and Sherlock remained frozen except for watching each other out of the corners of their eyes.  They held a quick, silent conversation before John returned his attention to Doyle.  “Okay, sure.  Mary was Cecelia’s mother by birth.  What about it?  How do you even know who she is?”
In answer, Sherlock squeezed him tighter.  After a few minutes of simply holding one another, John sighed and pulled away.  Sherlock looked down at him and John nodded up in reply, favouring him with a small smile.  Linking hands with Sherlock, he opened the gate and pulled him along to the front door.
“Are you referring to the bike or to me?” Sherlock asked on a groan.
Sherlock handed over the wand and walked over to pick up a towel to clean up the water on the floor.  “Yes, I suppose so.  I expected it to be more impressive, however.”
John knew Sherlock cared for him, even before this case started. He showed it in his own ways; waiting for John at cabs, making tea when he got home from the clinic, matching his pace as they walked through the city. He made it clear from the start that he wasn’t interested in anything romantically and John respected that. If Sherlock changed his mind, John would leave it up to him to say something about it. The way he acted with John during their scenes, however, made him doubt if Sherlock even knew what he wanted. He felt the care and affection in Sherlock’s touch, and saw the warmth and appreciation in the way he looked and spoke to him. John got caught up in the emotions of sex the night before and went beyond the confines of the case and scene, but in the light of day he wasn’t sure how Sherlock actually felt about it. He had ample opportunity to stop John and hadn’t, but John was frustrated about what exactly that meant. One thing was for sure, though – he owed Sherlock an apology.
He dug it out from the pile of clothes on the floor from the night before and scrolled through his messages.  He nearly choked on his sip of tea when he read one of them and glanced at the time.  Setting aside his cup to promptly be forgotten, John rushed to toss their dirty clothes into the basket and pull proper ones on himself.
“Hold still or I’ll drop you,” John wheezed, knocking momentarily into the hallway wall as he overbalanced.  Sherlock held tight and stiffened, but John could feel him shivering.  He shuffled Sherlock more firmly into his grip and proceeded to almost drop him again when Sherlock’s trapped erection rubbed along his stomach and Sherlock moaned into his neck.  “Jesus, you’re heavy.  This isn’t as easy as it used to be.”
SURPRISE IT'S JAMES SHOLTO.  And OH BOY welcome to my absolute favorite rare pair ship in the Sherlock universe, James Sholto and Mycroft Holmes.  Y'all should def feel free to come holler at me on Tumblr about this ship because I have many strong emotions about shycroft.
“Your concerns, while understandable given your history, have proven to be irrelevant.  Though you may think your trip here took longer than it ought, I very often find myself trying just as many wands with the first years who come to me fresh from receiving their Hogwarts letters.  The ability or strength of the individual magic has nothing to do with the process of discovering one’s wand, Mr. Holmes – if the magic exists, the wand can tap into it.  Oftentimes it’s more a problem of the confidence of the caster that stands in their way.  Once they realize they are capable and worthy, the wand finds them as it should.”
“Look, if this is anything to do with Doyle – “
John chuckled and turned them both around without responding when he heard footsteps coming back up the stairs, Sherlock straightening in his arm.  Mycroft walked behind James, attempting to keep his face blank but looking nervous despite it.  James waited for him at the top and they shared a small smile.
"I suppose you know the way, but I thought a formal tour was in order," John marched up the steps, Sherlock following, eyes memorizing every detail of the victorian wall paper, fingers tracing the banister lightly. "This is the sitting room, there's the kitchen, our room's down the hall, bathroom, two rooms upstairs, and Mrs. Hudson's flat and the cafe below." Sherlock looked around the dark, musty, masculine flat, loving every inch. This wasn't a house, not like Mycroft and Greg's house. This was a home.
"Could you give us a moment, Mrs. H?" She nodded and toodled off, holding her purse like her life depended on it, searching inside of it for her hankercheif. Sherlock looked up dolefully, tears brimming and lip wobbling as he stepped closer. John only gave him a soft smile, carresing his cheekbone with a single callused finger before pressing a kiss to his forehead.
"This is what I get, having a solider for an omega," Sherlock could practically hear his eyes rolling.
Daddy breathed out shakily as he came, hot and unrelentingly pouring down Sherlock's throat, pulling out a bit to squirt onto those red and puffy lips. Sherlock breathlessly licked at the semen, swallowing quickly and satedly sinking down into the floor at daddy's feet, leaning his forehead, exhausted, against his thigh, Daddy ran fingers through his sweat-drenched curls, massaging at his sore scalp.
"I do. I want this more than anything,"
"John is family too, you loon, now kiss me, I've got a speech to make and I need all the luck I can get."
Sherlock was still as he sat on his creaking bed, eyes locked on the empty dusty space between the bunks. His things were packed by his feet but he didn't want to go yet. Just a few minutes more. If he just kept looking she was sure to come in the door and demand he get dressed to pick up dates or read her love letters out loud for him to deduce.
They said nothing as he boarded the train, their eyes locked as he took his seat by the window, and Sherlock stepped forward, as if to reach out and catch him, before the horn blared once more and the wheels began to chug along the tracks. Sherlock's feet moved of their own volition as he stepped along with it, watching John's eyes and smiling, as if this were just a silly game of chase and if just kept going he would catch him. Suddenly a soft velvety hand caught his and pulled him back as he reached the end of the platform, his heart sinking as the golden hair and blue eyes grew smaller and smaller and smaller, and soon he could barely see a face at all.
"From this day forward, for better for worse,"
September 3 1939
comment but shook his head in disbelief. The hell? Magic? Wizard? Why was he even surprised, living in this world. 10 years since the attack on New York and all sorts of weird shit was happening. He bristled at the thought of that day. His common-law husband William had been killed, killed by
"Jawn, help me, I was, I was..." He whimpered, tugging onto his alpha's sleeves, needing his touch like water in a desert.
"Alright, alright, I'm getting on a train now," Greg stood, wrapping his coat around his shoulders and buttoning it up, phone tucked under his chin. "I-I love you, My," He hung up the phone to prevent Mycroft the discomfort of saying it back. The older man wasn't good with emotions, and honestly, Greg found it fascinating someone like that would rather have
"Yes." Sherlock lied.
"You're married?" Alan looked up, looking him over with that look alphas had. The
"Sir?" The dark haired corporal approached him, standing to the side and looking up where his superior's gaze was fixed.
“Good thing we found him, huh daddy?” Sherlock whispered and John smiled, watching Sherlock look lovingly at their coniferous new friend. Sherlock’s cheeks and nose glowed with a pink flush, snowflakes sticking to his eyelashes. His smile glowed as he leant against daddy’s scarf, he was beginning to like christmas quite a lot. “Hey daddy?”
"Miss. Scott, we'll need to have these two buildings done before you report back, we have an exercise at 1800"
"No, I'm not, why would I be?" She nodded and mumbled an 'oh', crossing her legs and swishing her purple skirt about, handbag held between her knees and her shoulders back- and Sherlock gasped.
"My, it's not that I don't want to meet them, it's only-"
wishes. Because you're
"He's going to be just fine, private, you bloody saved his life," Sherlock's lips turned into a smile, wiping his inky cheeks with his elbow and looking down at his husband, covered in petrol and blood and soaked to the bone, but alive.
“Green, daddy,” Daddy smiled and tapped the inside of his thigh. “Good lad, now turn on your tummy, sweetheart” Daddy turned him over gently, his bound arms flat against his back.
"You're being reassigned." The Captain said finally, resting his interlaced hands on the desk and leaning forwards.
"If I tell him no, he'll leave Mycroft! He values
“Americans,” Sherlock said with an eye roll before giving her a hug. He liked them a lot. Sherlock knew about 13 interesting people. And only 2 interesting Americans. Calphurnia was shy, and sweet, and she knew loads about computers. She had been a TA in Sherlock's comp. sci class. Grace was tough and covered in ink, and Sherlock deduced her backstory was a little less prim and proper. Sherlock always liked girls. They made him feel safe.
Sherlock scoffed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You don't have to understand,"
Sherlock bit his lip, drawing his knees to his chest as he watched the sky, the last flickering stars fading in the murky blue, the salty fog of the sea settling on his skin. The world was awakening, the first lights of day beginning to glow through the swaying leaves of trees. The birds had been chirping for a few hours now, and their songs only grew sweeter. His fingers found their way to the mark on his neck, it stung a bit still, but it's colour had faded to a dusty rose.
John sighed, checking his watch as he made his way up the pavement. Stamford hadn't minded him on the sofa, if only sharing some sort of sympathy, as if Sherlock had sent him to the dog house. His watch read 9:45. He approached the door, taking deep breaths, ready as he'd be to deal with a sulking and pouty omega after their fight.
“I’ve known you for eternity too, Evie, I’ve loved you forever.” Stephen bent down slowly, gently placing his hands on the nape of the shorter man's neck, pressing tenderly, his breath shallow. He pressed his mouth against his Chosen’s, sucking softly at Everett’s bottom lip. Everett responded immediately, pushing forward, pressing his tongue into Strange's mouth, tasting something spicy like cinnamon. He pulled back and leant his forehead against Stephens and whispered,
They soon arrived at 221. Sherlock didn't seem to notice, so John scooped him up onto his hip (he was frighteningly underweight, and John made a mental note to put some meat on his bones) and stepped out onto the kerb, telling the driver to wait as he wrestled his keys out of his pocket and opened the big black door. Sherlock clung to him like a Koala bear, but John paused as they approached the threshold, smirking to himself and swinging Sherlock's legs around, holding him, quite literally, bridal style. The steps creaked under them and John carried Sherlock up to their flat, opening the bedroom door. Sherlock wasn't crying anymore, his eyes dark and resigned as john set him down on the soft blankets, pressing a kiss to his forehead.
"Good, because I'm sure you know what day it is," Sherlock bit his lip and nodded.
"Hey, excuse me!" Sherlock gasped as Vanecia shouted, "Get lost, we don't need your help,"
"Woah, easy there, y'alright, sport?"
"Sherlock, are you alright?" Greg asked worriedly, holding a somehow even paler Sherlock by the shoulder. The omega's eyes refocused and he looked up nodding slowly. Greg pat his arm and gave him a smile, pulling a white silk shirt over his shoulders, buttoning it down the front.
"With what?" Sherlock huffed, and Greg flipped his folded newspaper towards him, flicking the pencil in his fingers and offering it. Sherlock looked down at the white and black boxes half filled with penciled letters.
"Who said I was your best man?" Harry growled. John grit his teeth and shook his head.
“D-addy, stop it,” Sherlock whimpered, his wrist
“I’d best be off.” Strange said warmly before opening a glowing circular portal. “I’m not really a party guy, as it happens, I’ve got a sanctum to protect. Goodbye John.” And with that he stepped through it, Wong following him briskly and it closed with a flurry of sparks. Ross stumbled backwards, and hit the back of a sofa, receiving a glare from its occupant.
"He'll be the Captain's problem soon enough," Mycroft mumbled, stepping around Greg and slouching into his ginormous leather chair. "Now please go, I have some important work to see to," The detective glared, mouth agape in shock, before huffing and slipping down off the desk, slamming the door of the study behind him.
"I will," John smiled, holding Sherlock's trembling shoulder firmly, as if to steady him as he knelt before him.
“S-sussex,” John hmmed appreciatively and patted Sherlock’s cheek, planting a chaste kiss on his lips. Sherlock whimpered as a length of rope was placed just below his shoulders, John tying his arms to his sides, forming a pattern up his back, more lines criss-crossing across his chest, all tied into a fulcrum at his wrists, his hands forced together tight. He squirmed, his torso completely immobilized, and he was shocked that it felt so good. To be so not in control, to know that he could not move, that John was watching him intently, admiring his handiwork. Soon John’s muscled hands began to trace along the lines of dark silk rope, checking Sherlock’s circulation and testing the tightness of each knot. Sherlock let out a breathy keen, John gently brushing through his hair.
“Not at all, darling,”
"It's better to rotate them, less chance of a flat later, and with the cold weather..." Sherlock waved his wrench in the air to illustrate and Janine gave him a pitied glance.
15 June 1940
No. He wouldn't think about it, he wouldn't let it hurt him in advance. Ironically, he was due for heat in a few days, and the idea made him want to turn inside out. Married people, they
Sherlock scoffed, hugging his knees, thumbing over the scrapes on the top of them.
"a baby, John," Sherlock finished for him, sitting up and putting a hand on his stomach before realizing he'd done that, his hand snapping back to hold his knees, his throat filling with bile.
"Amen," The congregation replied, and John pulled on the loose end of the rope, pulling Sherlock's wrists from their bonds, and pressed a single kiss to each, eyes glimmering with pride as he pulled Sherlock from his knees, a hand to each side of his face, pulling him in for a gentle kiss. Public displays of affection, in a church no less, were a bit foreign- even if his alpha begged him to mark his claim, they had time to do it privately.
"Let the nice lady help you, darling," Sherlock looked up at John and begrudgingly handed her the cases. She gave him a plastic smile and took them, her shoes clacking fast and hard as she walked to the side of the plane and gave them to a boy who was loading things inside. A few other passengers were arriving, and Sherlock subconsciously stepped closer to John. The flight attendant returned and took their tickets.
“You’re daddy’s little whore, aren’t you princess?”
"MINE," John roared as his swollen knot pressed against Sherlock's rim, and the omega nodded feverishly.
"Sherlock, why don't you wait for John to come home," She mumbled as Sherlock held the bunny down with one hand, popping the cap off the needle and holding it between his teeth. "It's 5:30, love, I'm sure he'll be back soon."
"One of ours, love," Sherlock nodded, his body still wracked with shivers. Christ, snap out of it! The wood of the gangplank groaning as each woman climbed into the small ship, and Sherlock looked up to watch the sailors that looked down at them in some sort of amusement. Like they were mascots.
"What are we doing out here?"
Sherlock's neck was aching as he looked into his microscope, eyes fuzzy and unfocused. His body was in a state of confusion- torn between the need for oestrus and the absence of his mate, and it was painful. If he was lucky, he might be able to skip this one, and then he'd have another few months. Not that John would be home that soon, anyway. He rubbed at his clenching stomach and sighed, forehead resting on the eyepiece of the microscope. His bondbite was throbbing, and his body was screaming at him to find John.
"Oh, yes, i'm alright." Sherlock bit his lip, swallowing nervously. "Sorry I ran off, I- I don't, do this sort of thing."
"Oh dear! Sherlock! What if she dies?"
"No problem," Moran said as if it were nothing, leading a little gracelessly, his hand firm on Sherlock's waist. Sherlock's tongue was heavy, his tastebuds bitter and his head dizzy. It was loud, really loud, his ears were ringing with laughter and music and it was thumping through the floorboards, through his blood, faster and faster and he was dancing with notJohn and notJohn was too close and he smelled really good and his tummy was doing cartwheels.
"No! No I can't lose you, I can't, so just hold on and-"
The valet sighed, pulling soft white silk trousers up around Sherlock's hips. "Just part of the presentation, Sherlock," The tiny boy swallowed nervously.
The guard at the gate had said he was to go to Hut 8. Where in the hell
"You could say that," Sherlock eyed the door where John and Mycroft were no doubt sharing laughs about his nakedness.
The air was sweet, soft and gentle on Sherlock's skin as autumn approached, a slight mist coming up from the damp grass. He smiled and sucked in a breath, stepping down off the back of the lorry and itching the sides of his hair beneath his cap, pulling a tiny bunched curl out to play with between restless fingers.
(See the end of the chapter for
But it was futile. John pulled him up onto his hip as he carried their things up the sand and up the path to the street. A french man was standing at the top leaning against a motorcar and smoking,  his nose twitched instantly as they approached and he put out his cigarette. Sherlock was still unbounded, virgin and fresh and delicious. The man was clearly a beta, and he pulled off his hat, eyes wide as John flashed his teeth in a possessive gesture, arm tightening around Sherlock.
"You believe that rubbish?!" Sherlock couldn't help the smile that crept into the corners of his mouth, his fingers twiddling nervously together.
“Dr. Steven Strange.” They maintained eye-contact and Ross felt butterflies fluttering around in his gut, and he swore he could hear his heart beating. “This is Wong,” Ross nodded his greeting nervously and Wong only rolled his eyes.
Sherlock pulled back slowly, fluttering his eyelashes as he looked up at John, a curl plopping out from beneath his crown, his alpha brushing it to the side, caressing his face softly.
"No, of course not don't be silly. The hairs John! Horsehair on the back of her dress, also, her accent, received pronunciation, quite formal for a stewardess, don't you think? Well she's from Berkshire, but she's not upperclass, and her hair pin has a tip of mud on it, a gift from her husband, clearly, too nice to be just an ordinary present, and the mud is rather fresh. Husband exposed to mud and horsehair in West Country? Could be a jockey, but going by her smell she's married to an Alpha, and I personally have only heard of two Alpha jockeys, you need to be light, so groom's much more likely." Sherlock took in a breath, quite winded, and looked up to John expectantly.
, and you will respect me, Sherlock. I don't like having to keep reminding you,"
"Yes, I don't understand your problem!" Mycroft cried incredulously, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
"for better for worse, for richer for poorer," John smirked and the priest grumbled, Sherlock completely unaware he'd skipped ahead.
"My! Oh it's good to hear your voice, oh dear, alright, one moment," Greg dropped the phone on it's cord and fetched Emmy, pulling her on his hip. Jesus, did she ever get tired? She wailed and clawed at his shoulder as he returned to the phone and pulled it under his chin.
“Christ, I’m old enough to be your father,” John smiled at Sherlock whose eyes were saucers.
"Right, I'll tell the doctor to have a come around, you just keep him calm for now," The nurse gave Sherlock a pat and toodled off, and Sherlock groaned, his face clammy and cold.
John's niece is named Jane because I like the headcanon of Harry's Clara being Clara Oswald from Doctor Who and there's the one ep where she basically said she had a fling with Jane Austen.  Naturally Clara would name her and Harry's child after her first lady love.  Fun fact, all that info about the real Saint Nicolas is true.  I've done presentations on him because his birthday and celebration day are on my birthday, so Nick and I are bros.  Also librarian!Sherlock is the ideal opportunity to get my "I fucking love people in glasses" fix in so you're welcome.
?” he said incredulously, sniffing the spot and letting out a noise of disgust. Sherlock was at his side immediately, snatching up the note again and pressing it close to his face. “I swear to God, if you lick that paper…”
Twitter: ShannCanWrite
“Yes, right, I know,” John replied, pushing back the covers and stretching as he stood, a rough hand absentmindedly scrubbing at his shoulder.  His feet led him through the familiar path to the nursery down the hall, his eyes glancing briefly at the purple initials painted across the door.  He quirked a small smile before silently pushing inside, making his way swiftly over to the crib’s edge.  A tiny, round face stared forlornly up at him, bright blue eyes faintly glittering with the beginnings of tears.
“But…fancy dress…”
“All of them as far as I know,” Niall replied. “I’ve got all of them scheduled through the week except Roger Hope. Apparently he’s got to be out of town starting on Friday for a business meeting.”
Though he hated himself for it, Sherlock avoided leaving the flat without John, Cecelia, or both for several days.  At first he had a decent enough excuse as they prepared for Cecelia’s seventh birthday.  They had arranged for a day off to return to London so they could spend it with Mrs. Hudson and the others, Madam Pomfrey agreeing to return for the day so that John didn’t have to Apparate off every time a student came in with a cough.  Her birthday came and went, however, and still Sherlock was reluctant to venture out into the castle alone.
“Do you remember Neville, Cecelia?” John asked, hoping to jog her memory.  “He gave you that potted flower last summer when we visited Uncle Harry and Aunt Ginny.”
“I’m sorry, you’re Sherlock, right?” the woman interrupted with a grin.  “And yeah, I’m Ginny.  I’ll tell you one thing, Mr. Holmes, John may change things a bit in his retellings, but he certainly has your characterization on point.”
“You…did this today?” When Sherlock nodded, John let out a puff of laughter. “I shouldn’t be surprised. What else do you have tucked away in there?”
“God, you’re beautiful,” John groaned, launching himself forward to hold Sherlock by the hips.  “It’s a good thing you don’t want to wear these things all the time because it just might kill me.”
“No, that’s alright,” Neville replied.  He glanced around and grabbed a pair of shears from the table along the wall.  “Actually, you might be able to help us out.  We’re working on how to properly trim these plants so as to not ruin their magical properties.  Would you be able to help me, Mr. Holmes?”
#notdead.  Yeah, I'm one of those "doesn't update for months for no reason" kind of people. Buuuuuut I just ordered a commission for part of a scene from this story from one of my favorite Sherlock fanartists (just gonna leave it at that for now, but you'll definitely know when it is done), so I convinced myself that I had to finish editing and posting this before that was done. Ergo, chapter eleven. Only one more to go after this. I'll be honest, once this is done, I'm not sure when I'll have time to get to the sequel. I'm moving to London, England next month to start working on my Masters, so time will not be readily available. I vow to you, however, that this story will be completed before I go. You will, my friend, at least have this. As always, thank you for your kind words and kudos, and let me know what you think.
“This is only about the families who attended Hogwarts.  We’d need to find something on Durmstrang students to get more on her.”  John sprang to his feet, Sherlock not far behind, and they began combing the shelves in search of anything related to the school.  Their pile of new possibilities grew slowly and John felt his temporary adrenaline rush at having finally found something of use fading in the realization of just how large a selection they had.  He could hear Sherlock grumbling in the next row, casually tossing books over his shoulder as he passed down the row.
“It suits you – unassuming front holding a titan inside.”  Sherlock craned his head about to study the wand from a different angle, careful to avoid touching it.  “I take it Ollivander is a wandmaker.”
“You’re welcome, Mr. Holmes!” he declared before skipping off to rejoin his friends.  Sherlock waved John in, shutting the door behind him and shuffling John further into the room.  At Alex’s declaration, Olivia had scrambled out from the carpeted reading area and rushed to the front, situating herself perfectly to throw herself into John’s arms.  He caught her with a grunt, hoisting her up to rest against his hip.
“Daddy!”  Rosie jumped out of her chair, racing over to John to throw her arms around his legs.  In one of her hands, she clutched a stuffed animal he didn’t recognize, a matching one sitting on the table next to Sherlock.  He grinned over at John as she grabbed at his hand to pull him over to join them.  “Daddy, Papa and I had the bestest day ever!”
“Thank you, John,” he said seriously, reaching both of his hands across the table to snatch up one of John’s.  “This was lovely.  I’m afraid it wasn’t as ideal a Valentine’s date as you might hope, however.”
Lifting his face just enough to meet John’s eyes, Sherlock said, “A letter never came, not even saying I couldn’t attend.  What happened to it if Mycroft didn’t have any effect on the outcome?”
Sorry for the day delay!  This was basically my excuse to a. get Greg naked and b. make Frozen references.
Sherlock grunted again, somehow managing to shrink his lanky body into the chair even further than it already was.  “Out of town.  Went to visit relatives or something or other.”
John could feel Sherlock’s enthusiasm for the proceedings easily, his cock nearly splitting the seams of his trousers as it strained forward. Running a single finger down the shape of it, John felt it twitch impossibly thicker. Sherlock fumbled in his attempts to open John’s flies, groaning as his head fell forward to knock against John’s. Shifting around so that their foreheads were pressed together, John slowly slid down Sherlock’s zip, accepting Sherlock’s panting breaths into his own open mouth. The tip of Sherlock’s cock poked just barely over the top of his pants, and John trailed his fingertips along the top of the band, waiting for Sherlock to open his eyes before he continued.
His voice was quiet as he answered.  “Sherlock.”
Considering his many options, Sherlock allowed his feet to guide him where they would.  He had no idea if he had slept through lunch as well as breakfast and cursed, not for the first time, the fact that he couldn’t simply check the time on his mobile.  As he passed down a window dotted corridor, he paused before one of them, squinting out at the sun and the horizon.  The combination of the light and snow reflecting off one another nearly blinded him as he stared out at the grounds.  Huffing out a frustrated sigh, he continued on down the corridor, falling in and out of the beams of light as he darted down to the end.
“What’s your real name?” John asked, steady and straight to the point.  Greg toyed with the cuff of his shirt sleeve and stared straight ahead of him, studying the periodic table on the wall sightlessly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Think, John,” Sherlock muttered, his words let out quietly on one of his exhales.  “Why would she kill these men, leave the flowers?  Why them in particular?”
"I still don't know what I believe. I remember times when he'd speak to us of what he thought of Muggles, of the place these lesser creatures deserved in regard to our far more impressive powers. I've lived among Muggles long enough to know they are not to be underestimated, but such ingrained beliefs are hard to break. The lessons of my childhood are ones I can never fully forget."
“I was dealing with a tantrum, you mad git, everything’s fine,” he said, waggling his fingers and letting Cecelia chase them to amuse her.  She giggled once, loud enough to make John wince, and snatched at them with fervour.
“If I’d known you remembered, I bloody well might have!  Jesus, Harry, do you have to be impossible all of the time?  I’m sorry, all right?”
John couldn’t help but wonder if this was what his life would be now as he moved over to grab their toast and prepare it.  Once his breakfast was before him, Sherlock set at it with half of his attention, the rest of his focus on feeding Cecelia.  The mere fact that Sherlock ate without objection was enough of a sign to John of how at ease he already had become in their new situation.  It made him think back on how odd he acted the night before at the prospect of the two of them sharing a bed, but he suspected it had simply been a matter of accidentally startling him.  Hopefully after a day of coming to terms with it would settle his nerves and their second evening would go more smoothly.
And in graceful dance
The grin on John’s face morphed into a smirk, his eyes darkening slightly as he followed Sherlock’s retreating mouth.  “Oh, I’m sure we can figure something out.”
Michael laughed, slightly louder than the situation called for, and looked over his own shoulder at a slender young man who barely seemed to be paying attention to the proceedings. “At least yours does follow orders. Kit here won’t do anything I say, no matter how much I punish him.” The man, apparently Kit, rolled his eyes and sighed.
“Hmm…perhaps…” Ollivander muttered to himself under his breath, darting down a row of different shelves and squinting at them.  He shot Sherlock a look before replacing the first wand and pulling down another.  He started to turn back before freezing in his tracks, snatching up a nearby stepstool and dragging it further down the aisle.  He climbed to the top of it once he’d placed it to his satisfaction and reached up on tiptoes, his fingers tapping from box to box as he searched.  Finally he grabbed a second wand and descended, coming back to place both of them before Sherlock.
Sherlock kept his gaze on Cecelia, who sat propped up in his lap with her back against his chest.  She held her bee in her chubby hands, alternating between mumbling at it, chewing on one of its antenna, and pounding it into her legs and occasionally Sherlock’s thigh.  Finally Sherlock twitched his head to the side and shrugged, toying with the edge of Cecelia’s shirt.  “It’s nothing.  Just something I did upstairs.  In your old room.”
Any lingering tension seeped out of Sherlock and his face broke out into an enormous smile. John couldn’t help but kiss it, falling forward until he was draped across Sherlock’s prone body. When they finally broke apart to gasp in breaths, John shifted them both around so that they were side by side, their bodies touching from feet to chests. Sherlock ran a finger along John’s bare clavicles, his expression thoughtful.
“Not nearly enough.”  Sherlock placed the skull on the arm of his chair and rose to his feet.  “The only reason you would say you’re sorry is if you’d done something you genuinely believed was wrong.  You knew I hadn’t learned anything about Mummy’s question mark yet, so then what did you expect us to learn that would require an apology even before learning it?”
To be brilliant and wise,
John shifted in his seat to hide the sniff he made to fight down his tears, clearing his throat as he moved to sit directly beside Sherlock.  Their linked hands sat in the small space between them beside John’s wand.  “To cut an already long story short, a few years after that there was a battle.  Harry destroyed Voldemort completely and we retook the Ministry of Magic to rebuild it.  After the job was done, I decided to join the Muggle army in order to get the proper training to become a doctor.”
"But-"
"It will be cold on the plane, love," Sherlock's mouth hung open and his lips turned into a smile. This was the most wonderful thing that had ever happened to him. A plane! His shoes clacked on the tarmac, and John handed him the two lightest cases. Sherlock held their tortoise-shell handles excitedly, his knuckles white as he grasped them.
"Where is it? What have you taken?!" Sherlock whimpered and weakly pointed to the bedside table. John kept one hand on Sherlock's nape to keep him steady, and with the other opened the drawer, his heart sinking in his chest. He pulled out the vial and read the label in dismay.
"He's on blockers, he shouldn't be, and he doesn't smell like it," Janine supplied and grasped his hand tight.
"Well, it's different for everyone, and I'm afraid it's against regulation, darling," John's fingers wrapped around his hands, pulling them from his face and pressing kisses along his palms as Sherlock squirmed and smiled. "But I can probably get a nice stubble before I ship out, that is if you don't mind scratchy kisses,"
“Goodnight sweet boy,”
He shared a look with the lanky omega, who seemed to acknowledge the truce that it was. Sherlock dropped his hand and went to the decanter to pour himself something. Mummy tutted disapprovingly but Mycroft gave her a sharp glare. A little alcohol might cool Sherlock off a bit.
The flesh was warm beneath his fingers as he pushed in past John's thick skin, his Alpha keening at the pain, and Sherlock shushed him gently, his fingers digging through warm, plushing crimson flesh, his stomach churning at the coppery smell.
"Till death us do part," John smiled, and Sherlock blinked, eyelashes fluttering as he looked up, grasping Sherlock's hand and slipping on a silver band, with John's initials engraved on the inside, Sherlock watching intently.
Warm sunlight shone through the tall windows of their bedroom, cool whispers of spring sunlight billowing through the curtains and casting the bedroom in a sepia glow. John Watson was already awake. Quite so. Some things stayed the same, even when one was on leave. He took a deep, long breath, the sweet smell of his omega back once again. He smiled and turned his chin to look at the gangly ivory boy that lay atop his chest, floof of midnight curls splayed across John's golden skin, mouth slightly open as he slept. Face sweet and innocent, and John gently traced across his cheekbones, adoring the little flinches beneath his fingers as he slept. John could stay here, right here, forever, with
"New kid," The Alpha, Hugh apparently, said with a cocky grin. "Well don't be all day about it, come in," Sherlock was quickly shepherded inside, the alpha holding his shoulder with a firm grip which made him want to disappear. Hugh gave him a queer look, and Sherlock shyly looked out at the group of Alphas, with a few betas tacking things to a large map wall. All eyes were on him, and their gazes felt like fire on his skin.
. The thought of the image existing forever, it was so, intimate. He settled for turning around, sitting on his ankles and looking over his shoulder. His hips were narrow, but he had a lot of bum for not a lot of flesh anywhere else. He'd always been bony and a bit on the scrawny side, tiny, breakable. Like a deer, caught in the cross hairs and his heart raced as he fingered the shutter.
"Course I do,"
been me," Sherlock breathed, "I should throw myself in the ocean, because I deserved it, not her."
Sherlock giggled and hugged John tight, the Alpha's chest grumbling with pleasure as he pulled him closer still, tight and safe in his arms.
"Molly,"
"Nice to meet you son, now forget everything I said,"
Sherlock smiled lazily to himself, feeling light and floaty and safe. His heat was slowly taking him, and this time he let it, his breaths shallow and his eyes fluttered shut. The bed creaked and John's weight shifted him a bit, and Sherlock blinked, rolling over to look at his husband. John smiled and slowly pet at Sherlock's curls, tucking a stray one behind his ears. He traced the hot shell of it with his index finger before leaning forward and pressing a firm and gentle kiss to his clammy forehead. It was silent, but the unsaid stories told could fill a book. Sherlock's eyes were hazy, but through the fog John saw something cool and clear, fear and understanding and guilt and forgiveness and love and friendship all at once.
"I'll remind you keep your tone respectful, boy," The Alpha female growled, watching him intently. "You know what, Sherlock, no more violin for now. We'll do your positions until teatime, how about that?" She smiled, a fake awful, sadistic smile that made Sherlock shudder. At 11, he had learned to
Sherlock growled, suddenly quite angry with the pale blue floral wall paper, with it's feminine cornflower pattern.
"Yes, sir, where to, sir?"
Slowly, as the tune began to drift, their shuffling feet echoing round the room, Sherlock's cheek found it's way down onto a gentle and strong shoulder, eyes closed, mind fuzzy and warm in the arms of an army captain with eyes the colour of forget-me-nots.
"No, no problem, just this way," He took them into a smaller office, gesturing for John to sit in the swivel chair across from him. "Now what was it you needed my assistance with?"
"Dr. Watson?"
19 May 1940
"I'm Matthew Carmichael," The dark haired man's eyebrows raised when he saw the ring on John's finger, "I'm sorry, you are an alpha, correct?" John fixed him with a harsh glare and dropped his hand, folding them behind his back.
A freak.
"You know damn well what, now get back in the dining room. Now." Perhaps those weren't the right words to use on a randy alpha, and soon Greg had a bloody nose and was down on the ground. He let out a shout and punched Victor in the jaw, rolling over and pining him. There was rustling and soon Mycroft and Violet were there, Louise let out a shocked cry.
"Esther, how did you get those marks?" Sherlock tucked Emilia's head into his neck, pointing to her wrists as she held the kettle under the tap. Her cheeks flushed, and she rolled down her sleeves, setting the kettle on the stove.
"Thank you, for asking me to do this, I don't get out of Scotland much, even with the pups grown a bit," Clara spoke softly, eyes warm and sweet. She was a gentle soul, and Sherlock could see why she was "the favourite" of John's relatives.
Ross had a mental file of things he knew about Stephen. He was constantly filing things, they were eternally bound together- better try and remember his birthday right? He had not yet found out his birthday. But he did know a few personal details. Stephen used to be a neurosurgeon, he refused to get into automobiles, he liked soul music...he didn’t like classical so much but that was okay. He was also a dog person- which was probably the only thing Ross didn’t like about him.
There was a tense silence between them, and John weakly moved his hand to hold Sherlock's, his callused fingers interlacing with Sherlock's pale soft hand, thumb rubbing a circle there, as if to continuously remind himself that indeed, this was his lover, his beautiful boy, right here. His heart suddenly clenched in his chest and he let go slightly, looking to Sherlock with deep, cavernous indigo eyes, and for once he knew exactly what he wanted to say.
"Mm, i know you do sweetheart," John murmured as he trailed kissed and licks across Sherlock's pale expanse of neck and shoulder, tongue swirling across his bond bite, so dark and contrasting against Sherlock's whiteness in the pale moonlights. "You care so much, darling, and I love you for it,"
"Mrs. H left us some sandwiches in case I messed it up," Sherlock mumbled, brows furrowed in frustration. John smiled and pulled Sherlock in around the waist and pressing a kiss to his bondbite, his lover shivering at the contact. "Jawn! what are you doing?" John continued his assault on the delicate, sweet and honeyed skin, suckling darkening marks, fingers fumbling at the buttons of Sherlock's collar.
"G-Greg?" Sherlock whimpered on the other end.
"Refueling, love, we're in Paris,"
"You and Emelia are to go to Sherinford. As soon as you can."
John licked his lips, it was so wrong, he didn't understand why Sherlock was so upset! Sure they'd had a fight, but he was quite sure that wasn't it. This was something new. It made him sick thinking Sherlock was upset with him and he didn't know why.
"Your brother told us all about you," Came a snarky voice from the corner, a man in a tanktop slouched over a workbench, looking up barely to look Sherlock over. His hair was slicked and his eyes were a dark brown that swirled with intensity and his lips crooked up into a fraudulent smile, "We don't need any more help, you may leave,"
"Seasick, Captain?" Came a feminine voice and John's eyes looked to the blonde, sweet looking nurse that stood not so far away in her pressed white uniform and cap, her feet crossed as she smiled.
"Tsk, military secrets, darling," John tutted and Sherlock blushed, wrapping his arms around his bony, pale knees. "Now, be a good lad and fetch that camera,"
"Is he? I've got this terrible feeling that he isn't,"
what's gotten into you?"
"Sherlock? Where is Mycroft?" The young boy groaned and threw his head back once more, some novel or another folded across his chest.
"It has it's upsides, as you assure me often," Sherlock said cooly.
"Right, well, remember- a damaged womb is a damaged future, try and take care of it. I can recommend lots of exercises, start working those muscles the right way, can help with conceiving alphas." Sherlock shut his eyes tight and shook his head.
John Watson's left hand was steady as he buttoned his jacket, pulling his belt around and buckling it tight around his stomach. He smiled at Sherlock, who knelt at his feet and helped him into his boots. He didn't have to do it, he just did. John pressed a kiss to his forehead when he stood, the omega's nose pressed into his neck, reaching up and wrapping his arms around his shoulders and holding tight, as if John might vaporize in any moment.
bad, the
"Till death us do part," Sherlock looked up fearfully, barely choking the words out as he looked to John.
“Get dressed, Sherlock, we’ve got a case.” Sherlock smiled and scampered off to his room. John sat back on his heels, satisfied. Happy to take care of his puppy. After about a minute he sighed and made his way to their room, planting hands on his hips as Sherlock stared down his dresser drawer. “Need some help?” Sherlock’s head spun around and he nodded. John stood behind him and picked out his trousers, turning to the bureau and pulling out his purple button down and a black suit jacket. Sherlock quickly got dressed with the offered kit. He stood in front of John once he was dressed, presenting himself with his arms open slightly, eyes searching John’s for approval. John chuckled and nodded, pointing with his eyes to the door.
Providence was apparently in his favour, and the bedroom door squeaked open, a rather familiar scent of gunpowder, heather and something so indescribably
"You've grown a bit since we met before," Victor smiled, and Sherlock only continued to poke through the glass bottles to find something that would do.
"You hadn't sang me happy birthday yet,"
"Well I don't know you! I don't. You purchased me, and now you own me, but I don't know you at all!" Sherlock cried, crawling backwards. John growled even more.
, right. there. It was the size of a bus! It's metal shell shone brilliantly in the sun, and Sherlock had to shield his eyes from the glare.
"Oh yes, and I assume you're next in line" Mummy looked to Mycroft incredulously, chuckling to herself. Mycroft looked up, eyes full of seriousness.
“That’s good, baby,” John twirled a strand of chocolate hair in his fingers, eyes full of care and concern “you had a bit of a drop last night,”
"Young love, not much to be done I s'pose." Greg smirked, approaching his husband before wrapping his arms round his shoulders, pulling him in for a sloppy and well-practiced kiss.
another person like him.
Sherlock Holmes was shocked, what the hell was wrong with him? He never blushed, or fantasized about anything but solving murders. He never went on dates! What was going on?
"Take a picture, darling," Sherlock gasped, stark back in reality as he grasped the phone, his heartbeat tightening and his eyelashes fluttering.
at all.
warning: John does something bad
I say we keep pressing forward, we're strong enough for a counter-attack at Arras," Mycroft growled, his alpha pulsing through his veins before he stood, rolling his umbrella handle in his fist before leering at the Viscount.
"Oh, yes, poor omega Sherlock, can't take care of himself. I can assure you,
"Sleep, love, aeroplane leaves at 9 tomorrow," Sherlock nodded fuzzily,
"John ne parle pas français, Marie," (John doesn't speak french, Marie) Sherlock said sweetly, and John's eyebrows raised, his mouth open slightly. She hummed and ushered them inside. John was speechless as Sherlock looked around excitedly. John felt a growl in his chest, a deep rumbling that sent his Alpha on fire. He pulled Sherlock by the waist and whispered in his ear.
"But your dad- you said-"
"I don't think we could wrestle Sherlock into a dress without physical injury." Greg smirked, to which Sherlock rolled his eyes in a huff.
thank you for reading! I adore all of your sweet comments and suggestions!!!
The little dot that was John.
"I-" he whispered, "I trust you," John smiled, and Sherlock trembled as his legs unwrapped from around John's waist, John's hands under his arms, eyes warm and soothing. Sherlock blushed, pushing forward and kissing John's wet lips with an appalling squeaky noise. John chuckled and kissed back, one hand resting on Sherlock's cheek, smiling beneath his plush rosy lips.
"Let go! Let go of me!" Sherlock wailed, kicking and thrashing, only seeming to anger Mycroft more.
"Prospective Alphas will not appreciate your lip, young man, 15 strokes." Adler' heels clicked as she strode across the nursery, retrieving the paddle from it's place above the door. Sherlock sniffled. He would not cry. He would not give this monster the satisfaction of crying. Miss Adler smiled as she raised the paddle into the air.
"He loves you My, he really does." Mycroft raised his eyebrows in disagreement, but continued to pet Gregory's knee, his skin warm beneath the fabric of his trousers.
The irony of being in London, sitting in the office of an omega-specialist was not lost of Mycroft. He shuffled in his seat, leaning both hands on his umbrella. The room was pleasantly decorated- with floral wallpaper and a framed portrait of the queen staring down at him. The kind of omega to be proud of- well born, well spoken, well mannered. Mycroft slammed the tip of his umbrella into the wooden floor. This was his doing. Maybe if he'd called Irene sooner, or sent Sherlock to one of those finishing schools, maybe then he wouldn't be here, waiting to find out if his brother wasn't permanently
"Yours! yours, John, please, fill me, John, please I need it, all of it,
or professor at Cambridge.
"Come on ladies, it's time to go," Moran smiled at Sherlock and Janine, and the omega stood, Sherlock pulling up his knee socks as their unit followed him, a silent march along the beach to the pier, which was almost enitrely destroyed, but still manageable. Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed deep the salty air, the wood creaking beneath their feet as they stepped over gaping holes in the wood, blood stains on the white paint just barely visable in the twilight. Sherlock flinched, the hum and unmusical remainder of metal and pipes filling his ears, pressing crescent shaped marks into his fists. Janine looked up and smiled.
Sherlock took in a big breath as he stepped out onto the pavement, the air cool and billowy and sending shivers down his neck. He rubbed his hand on the back of his nape and looked forlornly up at the windows of 221b.
"I think you are fine as you are, Sherlock, why live in shame when you have nothing to be ashamed of,"
When they got to daddy’s flat Sherlock immediately knelt in the center of the sitting room, hoping his submissive gesture would be appreciated. Daddy didn’t seem to notice, pulling his tie off and letting out a deep sigh before fixing himself a drink. Sherlock didn’t look up, just listened to the clinking of the decanter and the huff of daddy’s exhale. Sherlock’s mind was back at the party, the scary man offering him a drink, touching him, calling him princess. He bit back a sob. Nobody was supposed to touch Sherlock but daddy. Sherlock wasn’t allowed to have alcohol. Sherlock wasn’t to talk to other men without daddy’s permission, and he really hadn’t meant to! He really hadn’t! He cursed himself as daddy came to stand in front of him, sipping back his scotch.
"Slow down, my dear boy, nobody's forcing you into this," John said slowly, as unpatronizing as he could manage, patting Sherlock's knee once more. "I'm merely asking- offering, protection, support. Love, Sherlock. I love you."
"That's- that's not how family is supposed to be, Sherlock," John paused and lovingly brushed a curl from his eyes, "not at all. Why didn't you tell me this before, Sherlock?" The smaller boy shrugged and placed his cheek on daddy's shoulder, nose close to his scruffy neck.
"And why would I do such a thing, brother dear?" Mycroft grinned. The seething on the other end of the phone was quite humourous and Mycroft itched his at his eyebrow, lips still turned into a twisted smile.
, not now," One of the medics leered, flashing yellow teeth and Sherlock growled, turning his focus only to the Captain.
“Daddy!” Sherlock keened from their room, presents stashed under the bed, lying on his tummy on the mattress. He glared daggers at his mobile. “Da-aaaddy!” Sherlock could her John stomping to his room, each impact of his fine leather shoes clacking on the hardwood, reverberating through the flat. The door swung open.
"Is it about John? Is he hurting you, Sherlock?" Greg reached out and grabbed Sherlock's wrist as he reached for the basket. Sherlock growled and wrenched his wrist away, hitting Greg on the arm with all his might.
but more seriously, i'm sure you can figure the real-life inspiration for Sherlock's decision. I think a/b/o dynamics can be an interesting way to explore feminism and gender norms, and I didn't want to make Sherlock's abuse in any way idealized or too fantasy- especially for a very conservative pre-war upperclass society.
"I'm afraid that's quite impossible, Dr. Watson,"
party, the least you could do is attend."
I hope this chapter isn't absolute trash. Any comments or feedback would be most appreciated!!
"No, he doesn't he's-"
"Wait, Sherlock, come back, we need to talk,"
"Why do people keep saying that? I don't understand!" Martin watched the tiny omega as he huffed, arms crossed tight across his chest as he sat on his bed. Martin himself was an omega, his Alpha had allowed him to continue working in service. His presentation hadn't been so regal at all- just a private affair at the country registrars office. He smiled forlornly, watching his young charge as he gazed out the window. "I just want to go outside and play with Mycroft. I don't want a stupid party." Martin smiled and pat Sherlock's cheek, the young boy's eyes slightly blustery.
"fifteen," Sherlock mumbled, pressing further into John, squeezing the older man with his legs. John clenched his jaw, his teeth grinding.
, and far too old for you,"
. Perhaps he thought Sherlock was on the run from a vicious bondmate, it wasn't uncommon. Runaway omegas if discovered would be returned to their Alphas, but plenty of people disagreed with the practice. Fuck your sympathy, Sherlock wanted to growl. Turing spoke as if he had any right to try and understand him, when he certainly did
"Oh! How'd you know?" She looked worriedly at him, her hands shaking slightly. Interesting.
"What? Fucking in Buckingham Palace?"
“You like animals, sir,” Sherlock mumbled, “Your family estate has sheep,” John chuckled and smiled. Sherlock looked almost, scared, nervous that he’d said his deductions out loud.
*kisses*
"Oh whatever,"
"Still a bit dizzy," He mumbled, cheeks flaring in shame. His eyes flicked over to the bedside table. John tutted and turned his chin to face him, pulling the boy around and looking at him intently.
"I th-think so- I don't know where to go, and I'm cold."
"Lestrade,
"n-no da-addy, don't be s-sad, s'my fault, daddy, not you," Sherlock shook his head vigorously, "not you at
All comments and critiques are welcomed and appreciated! I'm having loads of fun with this story, thank you for reading!
"They have chemical,
“DADDY!”
“18, sir,” John’s heart raced as he chuckled.
"Feeling warmer, darling?" John grinned and wrapped their arms together, putting his hat on. Sherlock squinted his eyes and scrunched up his face.
“Do you, um,” Sherlock struggled with the words, his heart tugging him into headspace, his mind trying to keep him on the ground. “Do you think- do you think Father Christmas will come to our flat?” He whispered into daddy’s ear. John smiled, cocking his head towards Sherlock, those sweet eyes wide and twinkling.
"Nothing to concern you with, darling,"
Sherlock couldn't sleep. Not that he would want to. Not when he had...he paused and looked up at the clock...6 hours until he had to say goodbye. Sherlock wasn't sure what he was feeling, not that he ever was, but this was so foreign he could barely find the words. His tongue was heavy in his mouth, everything tasted foul, and his heart was racing every time he thought about it. He slowly sat up, the covers bunching at his knees as he pushed himself up and looked down at his Alpha.
cold. Time went by slowly, and Sherlock strained to hear daddy’s movements-shivering something horrible. It felt like hours before the door creaked open.
That bastard.
"John! Oh, you look so tan!" She cried, clasping onto his arm and giving him a shake, "Let me help you with those cases,"
"Sherlock. It's nothing, stop making a fuss."
John reached down, took the empty bottle from Cecelia, and pulled her from Sherlock’s slackened arms into his own.  He moved to kneel in the empty space between his spread thighs as he tucked Cecelia into one of his elbows.  With his free hand, he turned Sherlock’s face to his and kissed him, the move slow and deliberate.  Though it was nothing more than lips against lips, Sherlock slumped against John as though he was being pulled against him by an unknown force.  When John finally pulled back, it was only far enough away to nudge his nose against Sherlock’s.
“I don’t see why not.  I’ll talk to Minerva about it and you can send Harry an owl to see what he thinks of the idea.  If he’s as interested as he was back when he first saw you solve a case, I’d wager he’d be thrilled to hear from you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What was that all about, then?” Lestrade asked from John’s shoulder.  John breathed out a sigh, running his palm roughly down the side of his face.
“Pot, kettle,” John replied, squeezing Sherlock’s middle and setting a soft kiss on his neck before breaking away.  “What do you say to bacon?  We’re gonna need something more than coffee if we’re gonna get through that letter.”
Sherlock lifted his head to glare at him.  “You’re welcome.  Now get out.”
Sherlock shook his head.  “I don’t know.  I…how do I respond to this?  What am I supposed to do?”
“I believe you both went to visit our parents and learn more about our family’s magical past?” Mycroft began, focusing his gaze on Sherlock.  “Despite the fact that I insisted otherwise.”
“Waltzing around the flat in nothing but your dressing gown and pants, did you really expect anything other than this to happen?”  When Sherlock’s grin widened, John smacked at his arm in realisation.  “You did this on purpose, didn’t you, you prick?”
Sherlock did his best to keep his expression neutral, but he could tell from Doyle’s widening smirk that he wasn’t entirely successful.  Sensing his unease intuitively, John redirected the conversation to Doyle himself.
“What reason do I have to trust you?  What is to say you do not wish John harm?  You haven’t even given your name, Professor…”
?” Sherlock muttered, head twisting in every direction in search of an answer.  “Even the healthiest of individuals feel the limitations of the human body eventually, and the position of teacher hardly leaves one in the ripe physical state for
Sherlock and John finally get the opportunity to become intimate and they take advantage.  Thoroughly.
Sherlock shrugged and stopped them in front of one of the many music shops on the road to study the instruments displayed in the window.  “It seems more appropriate.  We wouldn’t have found out about my magic without me learning about yours first.  Of course, if you’d like me to come with you I will, but you would be more suited to actually explaining the situation to her.”
“No, but that was a rather brilliant suggestion on his part.  I was thinking more along the lines of expanding your consulting horizons to include working with Harry and his Aurors, particularly since you’re already in with them on the whole magical tech thing.  He’s suggested it in the past, remember?  But you said you wanted to wait until you had developed more of your magical skill first.  Why not now?”
Molly’s cheeks flushed at the question and she nodded vigorously.  “Great, actually.  He asked me to move in with him a few weeks ago.”
“Nah, mate, it’s fine.  Wasn’t nearly as bad as I expected.  At least you didn’t hex me out the door.”
Surprisingly, Sherlock thought to arrange for a place for them to stay before they left, guiding their rental car through the small village of Glencoe to a spot slightly out of the centre of town and closer to where the river branched out.  John had willingly admitted as they pulled up to the medium sized cabin surrounded by several smaller ones that he chose well.  How he managed to land them one of the personal cottages on such short notice was beyond John, but he found himself hopeful that regardless of what happened, they could manage to make the most of the weekend, even if most of their time would be spent helping with the case.
“She is,” John said proudly, settling a reassuring hand on Cecelia’s head.  “Albus, this is my
“Yeah, well, that’s all it is.
“Baby, I’m so sorry.”  John held Sherlock close, stroking him from his back up to his hair to reassure him that he was safe.  Not long after the group of students left, McGonagall’s hurried footsteps signaled her arrival.  She scanned the scene with a stoic expression, her gaze finally landing on John.
Sherlock hummed and leaned back into John’s touch.  “At least that meant she wasn’t surprised when you told her.  I did say you had nothing to worry about.”
“Letter an owl dropped off this morning,” John replied.  “From Ron.  Remember how he mentioned meeting up for dinner?  We’ve been invited to the Burrow in two weeks to get together with everyone and introduce you to the Weasley lot.”
With Mary gone, John is left to pick himself and, with Sherlock's help, continue on.  Thankfully everyone appears to be on the same page.
Their imaginary campus is based off of my undergrad's.  As I wrote this I proceeded to reminisce and imagine John Watson wearing only a kilt while rooting on the soccer team and Sherlock going to the games only to see what John is wearing.  (One of our guys' dorms has a tradition to dress in ridiculous outfits to yell and scream their support at soccer games.  John would completely participate in this and wear a kilt because our mascot is the highlanders.)
As John contemplated the possibilities, he couldn’t deny the ripple of giddy excitement that settled in his stomach. Anyone who took half a glance of Sherlock could appreciate his looks, and John had long since stopped denying his attraction to him, at least in the privacy of his own mind. The last time he properly dated a man was back in his university days, but he’d been known to appreciate the company of his fellow male soldiers in a time of need. He considered trying his luck with men again after his failed attempts with women when he returned to London, but thinking of Sherlock deflated any inclination not long after he had it. He knew the next man he’d like to romance was Sherlock, but he made it abundantly clear from the start that that would never happen. When Sherlock so casually suggested becoming intimate with a stranger, and in front of a group of eager onlookers to boot, it was as though all of John’s focus narrowed in on stopping it from happening at all costs. Offering to do it with him became a desperate last attempt by his panicked mind to stop Sherlock from forcing himself into the situation alone. He may not enjoy what they’d have to do, John reasoned, but at least John would be able to watch over him properly and take care of him in the way he deserved.
“Sherlock,” Daddy said with a warning tone, leaning on the door frame. “Come out of the car. Now.” Sherlock’s body wouldn’t listen to him! He screamed at his legs to move, get up, do something! But he remained still save the shuddering of his silent tears. John gripped his arm again, and Sherlock whimpered at the pain. He was sure to have hand-shaped bruises there for at least a week. Daddy let go immediately, but Sherlock didn’t look up. “Please, love,” daddy said softly, and Sherlock shakily stood up, daddy pressing a hand at the small of his back, leading him to the lift. Daddy gently rubbed a circle on the back of Sherlock’s suit jacket, and the touch was grounding and calming.
"I want to speak with you, Sherlock," Mycroft's voice was, wrong, all wrong. Soft and weak and almost pleading. Pleading with
"You be careful out there, young man, I mean it," She chided, eyes full of pride. He leaned in and whispered in her ear.
20 March 1929
"You think that'll work?"
"I'm Sherlock," He said softly and looked to the door, "and I think I'm supposed to go there,"
The room was silent, save for some humming from Emilia. Sherlock noticed the quiet and turned to his shocked audience.
"Sherlock, come on, it's Christmas," Janine groaned and Sherlock shook his head, pulling out his wrench and starting work loosening the nuts. "We haven't moved in weeks, why do the tyres need changing right now?"
I'll be done in a minute. She's broken down on us, quite a mystery to solve before your little omega tart gets here," Sherlock smirked in victory, wiping grimy fingers on an oily rag- the indentations of the phone earpiece on Mycroft's cheek indicated a hushed, pressured conversation. Mummy needed an extra seat at dinner. Mycroft spent weeks in London now instead of days. Not entirely hard to conclude he was courting someone. God, they were probably dull and well-mannered and godawful like Mycroft. Mycroft grinned cheekily and gave a nod to Mr. Brooks, who took that as his cue to get the hell out of there. Once the garage was devoid of all others, Mycroft grabbed Sherlock by the ear and wrenched him forward. The young omega thrashed and whined, not liking this display of alpha strength at all. Mycroft smiled and pulled Sherlock up into the air by both ears, forcing him to grab ahold of the older man's wrists by his head to keep himself from falling.
"I should like to say I don't, but then I'd be lying. Right. They'll be ready, I promise you."
"You heard the boy, move along," Mycroft grinned, and Greg chuckled before following him into his study for a proper snog. He hopped up on that big oak desk and opened his legs wide, leaving a perfect spot for the alpha. Mycroft took his invitation and pressed their mouths together, holding Gregory tight by the shoulders and claiming his lips.
"What is your interest in Sherlock Holmes?" Mycroft said, the end of his cigarette glowing bright orange as he inhaled the lovely smoke. John raised his eyebrows and put his right hand in his trouser pocket.
Sherlock looked up at Greg, his blue eyes sparkling with a hopeful sadness. His cheeks flushed a pale pink, his curls unruly and falling around his eyes in frizzy ringlets. He was a strange kind of beautiful.
