-I do not understand. - Castiel said breathlessly. Did the room get hotter or was it his impression?
-Can you suck them? - He showed two fingers, Castiel took his hand and brought them to his mouth, maintaining eye contact.
The brunette took the blonde's cock out of his mouth, making a 'pop' sound that made the hunter shiver. Castiel looked at Winchester, with a neutral expression.
Sam looked at him, that was a low blow, Gabriel spread his huge golden wings, which the first time he saw them, Sam was completely enchanted, the feathers seemed to shine like the sun, they are magnificent, and with the archangel rubbing his cheeks on the member of the hunter, it gets more and more difficult.
Dean walked slowly until he felt something on the floor, it's a bottle of champagne, he was looking around, seeing shards of glass the same color as the drink bottle. He remembered something, looked like Castiel and Lucifer drinking with him. It was a dream? He didn't know for sure. Dean looked down again, seeing his body full of semen. “What the hell happened? I'm going to take a shower". He went back to the bathroom, his vision improving as it was still cloudy.
The hunter's heart missed a few beats. Shit, shit! He is completely in love with the angel. What if Castiel doesn't remember? What if he didn't like it? If he doesn't want anything to do with the hunter? Dean frowned.
-Give me the phone here. - He took it from the hunter. -Hello, yes, two champagnes, no, unfortunately, three glasses. And do you happen to have chocolate? Chocolate syrup? - He looked maliciously at the angel, who was sitting on the bed, having difficulty breathing, and Dean with a red face. -Even better. Is small? So give me two. Okay, see you later. -He turns off.
When they left, Dean ran and closed the door. Relieved, now it's just him and Castiel. Everything he wants, without anyone interrupting him.
You're not remembering anything! He went to the sink to wipe his mouth, found himself in the mirror; the hunter had a cut with clotted blood in the middle of his forehead, a green spot under his left eye where there was also a small cut and ... was that on his neck a hickey? Dean looked down, he is naked and with semen on his body, both dry and fresh.
While the two were fighting verbally, being prevented from physically fighting by Castiel, Lucifer and Dean put one hand between them and the other on the angel, not understanding anything. The stone in the ring shone in an intense pink, taking the whole environment by the color, including in the eyes of the three, returning to the normal tone.
The Winchester took off the mask and could breathe easily, he looked in the rearview mirror, and passed a pink light through his eyes, making his pupils dilate. He saw the address on his cell phone and headed towards it. Once there, he looked at his cell phone at least five times, it must be at the wrong address. He was sure he is at the wrong address, Sam doesn't answer his cell phone, just a message saying that Castiel had not moved, he was still at the same place. The problem is, that place is a five-star motel.
Castiel shivered, but before saying anything, Lucifer passed his hand where the ring was on his brother's face, who closed his eyes. The thoughts going blank. Was he going to say something? Lucifer took his brother's lips with desire, searching every corner, while Dean kissed and licked the back of his neck. The two went down kissing and licking, the hunter caressing the black wings of his angel and the archangel playing with Castiel's nipples, who arched and contracted.
That request made Lucifer use the rest of his grace, moving insanely within Castiel, he had a wide smile, watching his brother moan with pleasure, scream with pleasure, and above all, call him after each thrust. Seeing that he was about to come, he laid the brunette down with him and began to masturbate his brother at the same pace that he's moving.
Gabriel smiled and kissed the hunter again, speeding up the pace, making them climax together, shouting their names, with the archangel breaking the lamps in the main room.
He blinked again, rubbing his eyes, he sees that right? No. It must be his imagination. Yes, it's just your imagination playing tricks on you. But he can swear that Crowley is behind Castiel holding his chin with his hand while kissing and licking his neck. He saw Crowley go up with the kisses to the brunette's chin, going to the face ... Dean ran off seeing where Crowley wanted to go, why doesn't Castiel do anything? He's just letting.
Gabriel starts to smooth the cock of the hunter very slowly, making him shiver, leaving the archangel with a perverted smile on his face, then took a light bite on the extension, caressing the phallus of Sam.
But Dean wants to go out to lunch with his angel, now that he isn't with his grace, he is human, he will want to eat. After lunch, Dean would return the angel's grace, so he would heal and heal him too; but, especially Cas, seeing the friend who went back to lie on his stomach, for obvious reasons.
In Sam's room, his cell phone was ringing desperately, it was almost falling off the table, but the tallest hunter couldn't hear it, he was in the kitchen, drinking a one-liter bottle of water. He breathed heavily and drank more of the water.
He adjusted the blazer that was almost falling on the bed, put the tie back on his friend and his overcoat. He went towards the king of hell, who was standing, dragged him along with his friend, leaving a naked archangel, bleeding and when he woke up, dangerously furious.
What the fuck was that? His brother DEFINITELY isn't well, but at least he knows that Castiel has moved again. He really has no idea what the fuck is going on. Crowley at least stopped coughing, but he seems quiet, too quiet.
-Dean, I'm in doubt about ordering between pancakes and hamburgers. What will you ask for? -Winchester looked at him.
People dragged Crowley out of the room, who had tears on his face, his arm outstretched calling for the angel. Lucifer waved his hand and smirked.
-I'm going, it's going to be a three-hour trip, you stay here and talk to Gabriel, he must know that ring that Cas, was talking about.
While Castiel is in taking a shower, Dean was looking for his cellphone in the middle of his clothes. A little moment of awareness made the hunter call his brother, he didn't remember exactly why, but he had to call Sammy.
-Yes, Cas? - He looked up, seeing his friend, putting on his overcoat and adjusting his blue tie. "That was quick."
-Dean ... -Catiel said something but Dean didn't hear right because the pillows and the bed covered his voice.
-I don't think so, Cas's GPS is changing all the time, if we hit the road we will lose Cas's location, and he is with Lucifer, so I don't think so.
After a while on the road, the hunter spotted a shabby motel on the side of the road, he needed to talk to Sammy, Crowley had to say what he knew and Castiel certainly had to talk to him. His mind is still with that image, of the brunette with his mouth on the devil's member. The devil! What the fuck! He leaned the car against the motel parking lot, looks like that there were people here. He called his friend, but he didn't answer, he didn't look at him. It is not possible that he was angry with him interrupted them. It's Lucifer! Lucifer!
He didn't know how but managed to get redder than already was. Dean Winchester took Castiel's virginity! He took an angel's virginity! "Now, I'm definitely going back to hell"! But something inside him was still worrying him, the request, does Castiel remember Dean's request?
When he observed Lucifer, he figured what was happening, Lucifer hadn't stopped coming, and apparently, there was no more space inside the celestial being, because the white liquid was already coming out, soiling his thighs.
In Sam's room, his cell phone rang again, twenty calls from Dean appearing before hanging up for lack of battery. The only thing could hear was the screams and moans of the hunter and the archangel, which echoed throughout the bunker.
-What's Cas? Do you think you'll be sick again? I can bring the trash can. - "Who has a condom". But if he was ill he would need to bring something.
-Cas, but if people could only see ... that right person, why could I see Crowley, Lucifer, and the other angels and demons? -He said with his mouth full.
He kissed the angel's neck again, slowly taking off the beige overcoat, take off his blazer, and take off his own blouse, throwing them with the rest. Castiel looked at the hunter's naked torso, who felt the brunette's lips on his neck, kissing down his torso, each kiss was a chill that he felt, not that it was bad, on the contrary, it was very good, just the pants that it got tighter and tighter. Dean lowered his head, walking towards Castiel and kissing him, slowly lowering the angel to the bed amid so many pillows in shades of red and wine.
-Okay, but I didn't understand one thing if these gods brought these people to be together why I didn't see anyone?
The television is talking about what is happening today, two in the afternoon, on a Monday, it was not Saturday, the TV showed the day, and today is Monday. If it's Monday, how did he fuck Castiel, without sleeping, without eating, without anything? Just pure sex?
The angels stopped and looked at each other, their eyes shone pink, and went to another motel room, closing the door. Lucifer closed the door behind him, seeming to think, and looked at Castiel, wide open for him. “I sure want to hear his voice. But with some conditions ”. The archangel stood at the side of the bed, pulling the angel by the hip closer to him, lifting him in his lap, and holding his waist.
The archangel started to touch the member of the hunter over his pants, put his hand inside his underwear, removing Sam's cock, already hard.
The hunter went to the bar where he and Castiel were talking on their cell phones until the call hung up. The bar was elegant, spacious, could fit a hundred people, but there was no one there. What the hell happened? The bar is intact, the glasses are whole, none broke, no blood, no sulfur, no EMF, nothing. People just disappeared. While the hunter was looking for any sign of life in that bar, looking for something that could explain what happened, the king went towards the counter.
-Well, now I want that part ...- He ran his fingers over Castiel entrance, which took a shake. -Delicious ... for me.
-I don't understand, it's okay that we spent three days having ... sexual intercourse. -He whispered. -But you look good. I do not believe that you will starve yourself to death.
Sam couldn't explain what happened. In one moment they were checking the books to know what they were fighting for, in another moment, he was putting the archangel on top of the books, kissing him, taking off his clothes and his, making them come on top of the books. And the worse, he couldn't get away from the blonde.
Dean picked up the condom on top of the furniture and put it on himself, got between Castiel's legs, introducing him slowly. That feeling ... can't explain. The more he entered the angel, the more intensified the sensation. Finally, inside, the taller stopped, closing his eyes, took a deep breath. "So tight ... so hot ... so ... good ..." He started his movements slowly, hearing some groans of pain mixed with pleasure, after a while it was just pleasure, making him speed up and masturbating the angel member at the same speed.
He drove again, with that mask on his face is horrible to drive, but they finally arrived. The city is completely deserted, they didn't see anyone, the stores seem open, but without any people, which certainly has something weird, being Friday.
Dean looked around. How he would pay for all that? The room is falling apart, literality, it's chaos! A five-star motel is not cheap, now paying for three days and all that repair?! No way!
Lucifer took his brother and lifted him, standing too, he looked at Dean angrily and made a hand gesture to switch places.
But something still seemed to be wrong. Dean held Castiel so he wouldn't move, the blues went back to the greens again mixing.
Castiel is crazy beneath him, submissive, tightening his hands on his shoulder, his legs around his waist, with those moans and howls, until he hears another scream, this time it was different, a word, it seemed to be ... Enochian? One of the small lights on the bedroom ceiling broke. That only encouraged the hunter, who accelerated the pace insanely. Dean didn't even know how, but he was doing it, and the best part? Castiel accompanied him at the same pace, of course, for him it is easy, not being human. The two already felt spasms, Dean accelerated the pace with his hand, making the angel reach the climax, giving another cry, breaking another lamp, dirtying the abdomen of both, but the Winchester continued the pace, reaching the climax, he also screamed, obviously his scream wouldn't blow up any lamps, but it had certainly been heard in the other rooms of the motel.
Dean woke up from the trance. He asked the angel to date him! What would he do? By God… he gave a light laugh. "Now father-in-law, by the way". But how he would tell Cas? It is not something that is usually said. “Hey Cas, you know these three days that we had sex without stopping, just drinking? So yesterday, which was Sunday, when of course, I was fucking you, I asked to date you and you said yes. Remember? ” There was no way he was going to say anything. He would let him remember little by little, not throw the news like that.
Lucifer said throwing the hunter and the demon across the wall. He was supposed to be weak, how did he manage to throw them on the other side? The Winchester slowly opened his eyes, taking a hand to the head in mild pain. He looked at the bed again, this time the archangel is on top of the angel, taking off the brunette's tie and black blazer. The hunter seeing that couldn't take it, the blood went up, he ran pushing that perverted blonde, shooting him in the chest.  He knew it wasn't going to kill him, but he would have time to escape.
The demon pointed to the three glasses, there was still some drink in the glasses, the hunter held the glass, a green liquid, he tried to remove the mask but was stopped by Crowley who held his mask as if his life depended on it.
Lucifer turned to his brother and saw the Winchester standing, with the pillow still on his private parts.
-Probably it must be in the afternoon since I stayed until Saturday morning ... - He crashed, he spent all night fucking with Castiel! What was he going to say? What would Cas say?
Yes, unfortunately, Lucifer took advantage of the situation, too much. When Dean looked at Castiel, saw the shocked brunette, with tears in his eyes, forcing his eyes shut.
They went away, seeing the other two rooms on that floor, one was with Crowley and some demons that appeared and the other was Lucifer with other demons. The two looked at the situation in the rooms and looked at each other, closing the door and going to the elevator. Yes, the motel has an elevator. “Why do you have an elevator? There are only six floors ”. Dean thought.
-I know! But watch over there on television. –The angel saw the news today, Monday at 3 pm. Dean swallowed, wanted to know what Castiel recalled. -Cas, what do you remember?
Dean looked again at his friend's body. Shit! Castiel's body is very beautiful. Even with the scratches, the purple spots, the hickeys; his body is well defined, how he would know? He wears those baggy clothes ... The clothes! The blonde came out of the bathroom, looking for his clothes and the angel. They were tangled up on the table, he was a little relieved because it was the only place where he had no condom or semen, he put on his clothes. He took the angel's clothes and walked slowly towards the bathroom.
The angel stopped the movement, thinking something was wrong. He looked at the archangel, who smiled, stroking his black hair.
-My memories are very confused at the moment, I remember you took away my grace, but I don't remember why, but before ... -Castiel's eyes widened, Dean saw the angel's legs fail, and hold his arms.
The GPS started to move, it seemed to be crazy, from the bar, it ended up in another bar and then in another bar, remaining there.
Castiel is gaping, what did he mean three days? He is an angel! He would know what had happened and for how long. He remembered, his grace is not with him. At least not now.
Castiel recovered all his memory, from the bar until the moment they passed out on the bed, he opened his eyes wide, feeling weak he fell slowly, making the hunter startle and pull up a chair, which the angel, with some difficulty, sat down slowly.
Dean put Castiel in the front seat, who said nothing, Crowley sat in the back, trying to get as far from that motel. Damn it! He doesn't find the cell phone.
Gabriel made a pair of handcuffs appear in his hand, pulled the hunter by his underwear, bringing him around the main room of the bunker, trapping his arms on one of the legs of the main table. Sam saw the archangel laugh.
Lucifer held Castiel's soft bands well apart, penetrated the head, bite the brunette's collarbone red, and gave him a hickey on his neck, already leaving a huge purple stain. He looked into his brother's eyes, smiled seeing that he was looking directly at himself. Just like he wanted. Then Lucifer wiggles, introducing the rest of his cock hard, making the angel scream, breaking another small lamp in the ceiling.
-O ... o .... OH ... the cell phone ... Cas ... moved ... AGAIN! I-and-I will send you ... the address ...
The older Winchester licked the lips of the lord's angel to make them open, which was well-received; he was absolutely sure, he died and went to paradise, every corner he searched the brunette's mouth and his tongues intertwined, the hunter felt a good shiver go through his spine. But everything good is short-lived, not entirely in paradise, because if he were, he didn't need to breathe, but here he does. He pulled away from the best lips he had ever felt in his life, pulling as much air as he could into his lungs, looked again into those mesmerizing blue eyes, holding his breath. Now that he understood correctly what was happening to the brunette, his eyes denounced, but he hadn't noticed, his eyes are in pure lust, pure ecstasy.
He went towards the reception at the motel; he was wrong, there was no one here either, but the room keys were not there, none. Are all the rooms occupied? He was returning to the car, when he looked into the impala, blinked several times.
What did he see? In addition to the huge room with a big bed, Lucifer sat on the bed, leaning against many pillows, totally naked, with Castiel, still dressed, but sucking on the archangel. That made the hunter's jaw drop because, despite the sound of the door being opened, the angel had not stopped licking the devil.
-Because we don't have souls, other people could also see us, but they were busy. We were affected, obviously, but not as much as humans.
Dean's body is moving alone towards his friend, husky but seductive voice. His body is asking for the angel. His heart beating fast, screaming for Castiel with each beat, he wants Castiel, he needs to touch him. Little did he know that in the same room, the devil and the king of hell were fighting, but not with powers, literally fighting with punches, kicks, and what they managed to hit each other.
-We ...we're going to spawn this son of bitch. -He pointed with his thumb at the man lying on the floor.
-Oh ... Okay. Speaking these three days, when I was at the bar watching Lucifer, three men appeared. One of them placed a golden ring with a pink stone.
They were getting close to town, about an hour away, Crowley looked around, taking a deep breath. The hunter noticed, but before saying anything, his cell phone rang.
-I believe it is Anteros because he manipulates. Himeros made the spell of carnal desire, as I was able to read his lips before I was knocked out. Anteros manipulated everyone around, including other cities and just the three days that we did not notice to spend.
-THANK YOU, SIR! - They got up and dragged the king of hell to one of the other rooms on that floor.
Gabriel took the hard and pulsating cock putting it in his mouth, making Sam squirm with pleasure, however, he needed to stay focused, he still has to know where Castiel is and what they were dealing with. But it's hard with Gabriel sucking him like that.
-Crowley! - He punched the demon that fell on the seat, slipping on the floor of the car. - What the fuck? Cas? Cas!
-The enchantment was like a cupid's arrow, you can only see the intended person, you cannot see anyone else, so as the enchantment together with the manipulation of Anteros, you literally couldn't see anyone else.
The Winchester concentrated by slowly opening the buttons of the angel's impeccably white social blouse, with each piece of skin he saw, deposited a kiss, a bite or a lick, seeing Castiel contracting them all until he no longer had his blouse, Dean returned getting on her knees, taking off her belt and pants, leaving only the black box, he let out a sigh, a relief that the pants were no longer tightening.
-I'm going to order a hamburger. If you want Cas, we can order the pancakes and then order the hamburger. I'm starving, I'll need more than one snack to fill up.
-Will gonna tell me you never had multiple orgasms? - He laughed, knowing the answer of the other. -Look that. It stops. A shame.
-What? Don't hurt him? He took your virginity! - He looked furiously at the hunter, who stood behind the angel, behind the wings. - This was supposed to be MINE!
Dean slowly opened his eyes, sitting up with his hand on his head, which hurt. What did the hell happen? When he looked down, he saw a red blanket. What the fuck? He got up. Shit! A bathroom! He looked around to see the bathroom, ran towards the toilet, vomiting liquid. When he was finished, he got up slowly.
Dean drove as fast as he could, he is very worried, Castiel with Lucifer, that would not work, he thought that the angel had died, but according to the GPS, he is in motion.
When they were in the elevator, Dean could only think of Castiel, the positions that made the brunette stay, his body squirming under him, his skin soft, the feeling of being inside the angel and his face, especially when he reached his climax. Damn it! Now is not the time to be thinking about these things.
-Really, before entering the city, stop in the next and buy a gas mask. I think I know what we're getting into.
When they entered the baby, he saw Castiel sitting slowly in the front seat, he is still feeling bad for his friend. Dean drove to a city where he saw people without being passed out, he pulled over and went to the cafeteria. He's hungry, his stomach growling.
Arriving in the bathtub, it had two fingers of water, with semen in the water and a condom on the end, almost falling into the bathtub. He remembered another image, someone in the bathtub. More and more confused. Shit! Dean took the towel he had, wetting it in the sink, luckily with nothing, and took the soap cleaning his chest and observed some purple spots, cuts, and scratches all over his body, especially on his back. "That's why it's so painful". He thought.
Dean approaches Castiel holding his waist, bringing the angel's body close to his, and kissed him with the same affection when he heard the same response from the previous day. There could be another Apocalypse that he wouldn't mind, the most important thing was at his side.
-Fuck! Cas! Hmm ...- Dean was a little perplexed, Castiel knew what he was doing, and by the way, he was doing very well. - Cas ...- He murmured.
-Castiel, we want you. - Five men said, running their hands over their private parts, over their pants.
Sam got up and brought the archangel on his lap, kissing him, taking him to one of the other rooms, while still kissing him. In the main room, one of the books had fallen, showing a page saying about Aphrodite, the goddess of love, beauty, and sexuality, in the other showing a golden ring with a pink stone, where it indicated to be an extremely powerful item, and could, affect the whole country with pure lust.
They went to the bottom of the right side of the cafeteria where the padded chairs are, sat down and a waitress came to deliver the menu, smiled, and left. Castiel is facing the hunter. “It looks like it's a date. Is it a date? No. Wait... But yesterday I asked Cas out, so ... is it a DATE? ” While Dean is still thinking about whether this is a date or not, Castiel looked at the food wondering what he was going to order.
The hunter swallowed, that request, with that face, he couldn't take it anymore. He took off his coat that was thrown away next to his flannel shirt, bent down again to kiss his protector's lips, went down kissing his chin and neck, stopped taking off the blue tie, throwing it in the same place where his blouses are. Dean got down on his knees, just like Castiel, kissed those juicy lips again, resting his hands on the brunette's waist, while he supported his neck, specifically on the back of his neck, making a delicate affection from the back of his neck to his hair.
He heard a groan, turned his face, seeing the cover, the red cover is white, Dean saw something moving underneath, getting up and sitting down. It's Castiel, the cover slipping, seeing the angel's back covered in hickeys, scratches, and two big cuts that bleed a lot, because it's still a bright red. He stretched, making the cover slip some more, that Dean saw a part of the angelic being's ass.
Dean crawled across the floor, his vision blurred, he is very dizzy, he finally reached the edge of the bed, with difficulty getting up. Until the door swings open again. The Winchester slipped, seeing so many people entering the room. There were about ten people who ran towards the bed.
Dean remembered taking the grace out of Castiel. He had taken it off, because one of the times they were doing it, the lamp broke, hurting them both. He looked around and went to the fridge, there she was, inside a little bottle that contained drink, now with a bright blue light.
He "cleaned" himself as much as he could and left the bathroom. That room is huge and complete chaos. One of the mirrors on the wall is shattered on the floor, there was semen everywhere, a lot of semen, as well as condoms and broken glass in different colors. He looked at the ceiling.
Castiel didn't stop looking at the body of his protégé, he finally put his hands on the blond's chest, strolling with his hands along the length stopping in his underwear. In this, Dean did not expect. The angel took the hunter's black box and pulled it down, the blonde sat on the bed because he almost lost his balance. He saw Castiel take off his underwear and throw it on the pile that was forming on the table, a little far from the bed, full of clothes; the brunette got down on his knees and slowly licked down the hunter's cock, who let out a hoarse groan, felt his protector lick his glans and finally put his member in his mouth.
For a moment Lucifer stopped, looked down, Castiel was not looking at him, he was looking at the human who saved him from hell. Yes, the devil is jealous, jealous of an ape that claims to be evolved.
So what did Dean feel ... was manipulation? No! It can't be true, it's okay that Castiel is an angel, but there was a time that he took away his grace, and yet the feeling hasn't changed. So much so that he asked his friend for dating. Speaking of which, dating! The hunter turned red watching the angel put more syrup on the pancakes eating with a smile on his face. "Why is he so cute"?
Does Cas remember what happened to them? If he doesn't remember, how would he explain the situation of the room, the situation of the angel's body, and mainly, explain everything without wanting to kiss him again? He wouldn't sleep with him again, three days in a row is good enough. He needs a rest! But he looked at Castiel, his heart was beating fast, seeing the naked brunette, and remembering the things he did to him. He doesn't even know what he wants with the angel.
As much as he was enjoying that long and lingering torture, he can't take it anymore. He wanted to go slow, but he needs to relieve himself or he would go crazy. He kissed Castiel on the lips and went down in a straight line, seeing the angel's hard member, but went straight down. "Sorry, Cas, but the situation down here is tense." Looking down, seeing what he needed, that entrance, he gave a slight laugh. "Apparently, with you too."
-Get your underwear, Lucifer. -Dean said, going to the table where all the clothes were. He took his boxer and put it on.
Gabriel removed the underwear that Sam insisted on putting back on, laid him down, and sucked him. He stopped, putting himself on top of the Winchester member.
Dean didn't know how, but there was semen on the ceiling and ... feathers? A feather fell on her face, which he held. The feather is black but has a bluish glow. There was another image, him standing and a person with his legs on his shoulders, the person's arms holding on to the ceiling. He didn't understand anything.
Dean woke up with a lot of headaches, the place looked a little dark, isn't it daytime? He looked around. Damn it! They went back to that five-star motel. Castiel! He looked for the angel, seeing him on the bed, his blue eyes fixed on him, making him shiver. The hunter heard the brunette calling him, however, his voice was low, Dean heard Castiel's voice perfectly, a seductive voice. The blonde didn't see it, but his eyes came back with the pink glow, disappearing, leaving his pupils dilated and his breathing labored.
He looked at the feather again, very beautiful, ran his fingers feeling how soft it was ... He remembered. He remembered! The person was Castiel, he remembered all the positions he took and stayed with the angel, becoming desperate. He crashed when he remembered that he almost shared it with Crowley and, worse, that he had to share it with Lucifer, with Lucifer! And now? He literally stayed from Friday until Saturday, having sex with his friend. Literally! Fuck!
What the fuck? Why the hell is Castiel in a motel? Did he get hurt? Even because he was with Lucifer, but the motel is FIVE stars, he doesn't have the money to stay there. Crowley entered the motel, saying nothing, making the hunter follow slowly.
The dark-skinned man looked Castiel up and down, stopping right where he held the red pillow. The man smirked, pushed the cart inside, and leaned on the edge of the door, with his arm above the angel's head, approaching his face.
Castiel was still in bed, but next to him is the king of hell and the devil, with some injuries, some bleeding, and bruising, pulling the angel looking like a ping-pong ball.
-It's not just my ass. My back is very sore. Did you see what happened? I put on my clothes and didn't look.
With these words said, the angel's body seemed to burn glued to the archangel's skin, he breathed heavier and more breathless than ever, his body was trembling entirely and, what wasn't noticed, Castiel's deep blue eyes are entirely pink.
-In a diner farther away from here! -He started going towards the door when he was stopped by the angel. -What?
-Yo-you-you .. do you want to ... take a beating? My grace may be weak, but I still manage to beat you face to face.
Sam heard a noise, he turned, seeing the archangel holding a can of whipped cream, the product already covered his nipples and his cock, where there was a cherry on the end and another cherry in his mouth. Sam smiled, approaching the smaller one, biting half of the cherry that was in Gabriel's mouth, kissing him.
-Dean-O, don't be like that. I'm sure, Lucifer's grace may be weak, but I can still tell where he is and he's with Cassie. So see this soon.
Dean kissed the middle of the brunette's back and put both hands on the base of Castiel's wings, who let out a loud moan, as Lucifer is also excited about his nipples, nibbling them. The angel took his hands over his mouth, looking rehearsed, the blonds held each one in his hand and kissed it.
-I have no idea, but get this, Gabriel is on my side, and from what he told me, Lucifer is with Cas.
-Cas, he said he was in a bar, and that Lucifer was there drunk, then I only got him talking about Lucifer, some ring and Lucifer talking to him!
-Motel? But the room is huge! -He looked up, seeing the ceiling almost entirely of mirrors. -Yeah, it's a motel. But why I can't remember anything?
The two climbed on the bed where Castiel was sitting, getting on his knees, making the angel also kneel, with Lucifer in front and Dean behind the angel.
-O ... the ... OH ... the cell phone ... Cas ... moved from ... NEW! I-and-I will send you ... the address ...
The panting angel nodded, putting his arms around Lucifer's shoulders and his legs wrapped around his waist. "Now yes". The archangel thought with a malicious smile. This time Castiel didn't look away to look for or know where the human was, he is looking directly at him. The half-open mouth breathing hard, the eyes half-closed, the cheeks pink, and a few strands of hair sticking to the sweaty forehead of the angelic being, that image is the perdition.
The tallest Winchester went to the kitchen to drink water, but when he saw Gabriel with his physical wings wide open, he couldn't control himself and they did it right there in the kitchen. They went to his room, doing at least three times in a row without having to go back to the kitchen to drink more water, he needed to drink, the archangel however perverted, always put some candy on his body or his own body and being without water was difficult.
Lucifer returned to kiss the angel, sitting, bringing Castiel closer, who was on hands and knees, the archangel held his brother's face.
Lucifer comes out from Castiel again. He got up and threw the ten angels out of the room with what little power he had.
The two blondes hadn't noticed, but both were inside the brunette, moving frantically. Castiel is tight and hot, very hot. Dean looked into those eyes that looked like the sea and realized what was happening, his eyes ... they were not of pleasure, they were of pain. He stopped his movements, when his hearing seemed to return, with Lucifer thrusting him hard he heard a cry of pain and groaned in pain, only occasionally a groan of pleasure was heard. Dean withdrew from Castiel, looking deep into his eyes, with tears streaming down the angel's face.
Dean slowly climbed the bed, getting on top of Castiel, resting his hands between the angel's head, while his knees were between the other's waist, the hunter stared at his angel and vice versa, only looking away at the well-designed lips. He slowly lowered his face until he felt Castiel's breath mixed with his own, he looked at the angel again, but when he saw him look at his mouth, he didn't hold on, putting his lips together.
Dean went to try to stop it, but something seemed to have stopped him, his thoughts started to get confused, he couldn't hear Castiel's voice anymore, only his body coming and going in his direction, his red lips parted with a thread of saliva in the corner, tears streaming down his face, rosy cheeks and worse, his body wide open, seemed to call him, which he gladly accepted.
He looked down, turning red, covering his intimate area with the pillow, biting his bottom lips, heading towards the door.
Dean almost had a heart attack. The angel surprised him more and more, sexier and sexier, more attractive. "If possible". Thought. “Castiel for your father, don't make that face! I am going back to hell ... But at least I'm happy ”. He removed his fingers from his angel's lips and with the medium touched his entrance, hearing another roar. When he was slowly introducing his finger into Castiel, he began to lick his member, so as not to think about the pain, he gave light kisses on the angel's phallus, introducing the second finger. He waited for him to get used to the feeling, although he was overflowing with desire, he wouldn't hurt his angel, he knows Cas was still a virgin, and his friend's first time has to be great. It will be great.
-LIKE HELL! I STILL HAVE TO SHARE WITH HIM! -The two spoke together, pointed to the other. -HIM! YOU BELIEVE? ME NEITHER!
Dean opened the door that almost fell, made a signal for the angel, now human, to go ahead. He picked up his things and left the room, taking one last look at the chaos of that five-star motel room, still not believing that he and Castiel had made all that mess.
He looked at the door, where the wood is full of cuts, and looked like it was going to fall at any moment, or at least split in half. The Winchester looked around, realizing it was in a motel.
Castiel reached the climax, blowing up the bottle of champagne and another lamp, this time one of the top five. Lucifer managed to increase the pace more, shouting, and came inside the brunette.
They asked for more food for the return trip and waited to arrive. Got to know. Dean has to ask. The food finally arrived, they picked up the bags and Dean put some bills on the table, heading towards the car, and called his friend.
What was he going to do anyway? He looked across the table, looking at his cell phone. Right, call Dean. Sam held his cell phone, got a fright almost rising from his chair, Gabriel is under the table, unzipping his pants.
The hunter took the lube from the bed and rubbed it on his cock, murmuring a little pleasure. He knelt facing the angel, who was looking at him intently. He held the back of the brunette's knee, lifting his legs well and introducing his member into Castiel's entrance.
The devil turned the angel, leaving him on all fours, it was that sight, that wonderful sight that did not make him hate the old man so much. Lucifer has already taken the lubricant by passing it through his fingers and introducing it into the angel, grunting in pain, already making movements of coming and going with his fingers, moving his wrist, deeper into his younger brother.
Gabriel approached Sam, who was sitting on the floor, with his arms locked, but that didn't stop him from being able to hold, half-crooked, one of the blonde's thighs. Sam took the cherry on top of the archangel member eating it, then the archangel bent down to let the taller lick his nipples willingly, the hunter returned to the archangel cock, licking and sucking all the whipped cream without leaving any pieces, he stopped looking at Gabriel.
Dean's hamburger and Castiel's pancakes with soft drinks were placed on the table, they begin to eat. The hunter eating fast, looked back at the angel, who was enjoying the pancakes.
The three men entered the bar, going straight towards the archangel, two of them passed looking at Castiel, winking at the angel's Lord, making him look down, a tingling sensation all over his body. But it didn't affect him so much, turning to look at Lucifer, he saw the third man, a man with golden hair, putting a ring on the middle finger of the archangel, a golden ring with a pink stone. The men spoke to the bartender, who handed them three glasses of a green drink, saw the three say something, but it was so low that he couldn't hear, tried to read the lips of the man, with almost platinum blond hair, who is at the tip when he noticed one of the words, he got up quickly but fell slowly, holding as he could on the table, but without success.
Lucifer brought the angel's face to himself, kissing him willingly, passionately, with desire, looking from the corner of his eye for the hunter, with the room phone in his ear but looking angry at the archangel, who smiled.
Dean had come to consciousness, shaking his head. What the fuck happened? He opened his eyes slowly, he is on the floor, on a shaggy carpet, looking at a tie on the floor. He held the tie. "What the fuck"? He looked at the bed, getting up quickly.
They were both gaping at the sight of the archangel sitting on the bed, already mischieving what he was going to do with that syrup. Lucifer is sitting on the end of the bed with the pillows, Castiel in the middle, and Dean on the other end. The blonds started kissing the brunette's cheeks, without invading the other side, they went lowering, kissing the neck, biting the lobes, making the wings open fully, making Castiel moan loudly. They kissed and licked his neck again, when they kissed his shoulder, they heard the door slam.
There was no time for Sam to think, the archangel sat quickly on his cock, making the hunter moan loudly. Gabriel with the powers, moved madly, up and down the limb of the hunter, Sam together with Gabriel screaming with pleasure. The taller one pulled the archangel, kissing him, moving his tongues frantically.
“Give him up? What are you talking about? The way I see it I’d just be gaining another brother here. I mean I’d never dreamed I’d like my brother’s spouse as much as I like you already. This is a win-win for me. Maybe together, we can even get Dean to eat some salad every now and then. And I mean, the two of us can still go out together – and Dean can make fun of the both of us for our strange hobbies.” Sam tried for a light tone, but he still sounded tense. Like Castiel’s reaction was very important to him.
Castiel closed his eyes and unbidden images formed in his head: Himself, lying on a bed, with Alastair stroking a knife over his chest, the rotten smell of the other omega enhanced by his eagerness. He saw Dean, tied to a chair, and Lilith, grabbing the alpha’s hair. It was a picture that still found its way to Castiel’s mind every now and then – even nine months after it had happened. He took a deep breath and shoved the memory forcefully to the side.
Before Castiel could wonder about that scene, Charlie had enthusiastically hoisted him up – and Meg, the last one at the table, stood as well. She declared she would join them. For protection, she added with a smirk.
After some more kissing, Dean pulled back. “Just … stay here while I am at Sammy’s?” He cleared his throat. “I mean, of course you can go out, if you want to – but can you call me if you do? I don’t know how I will react if you just leave. But if you won’t be here when I return… my alpha might assume you are trying to run from me or you are in danger. Or both. And I don’t want to scare anyone when I come crushing into a bar, snarling and red-eyed.” Dean tried for a joking tone in the end, but Castiel could see he felt uncomfortable with his request.
A moment later, the priest turned to the next couple and looked at them with open contempt. But the female alpha, standing next to a pretty brunette, seemed unimpressed and simply stared at the beta until he lowered his gaze.
Dean blinked a few times, then a slow smile appeared on his face. He reached for Castiel’s hand, seemingly without realising it.
Lucifer chuckled, and ignored Castiel’s comment. “You know, since his fathers both have such unusual names, I think you could have given him one with a little more gravitas.
“I would like to check out the hotel again. See if there’s a way to sneak in and to Uriel’s room without anyone noticing or being recorded. But it might help to look at the place of he phone box as well…? Maybe there would also be a camera or a monitored shop next door…” Castiel looked hopefully at Sam and Eileen.
Castiel put an abrupt halt to this daydreaming. They were not mates. Dean would never want to mate someone like him – he was gorgeous and successful and ridiculously dominant. He could quite literally have
Luckily, since Dean had detected the attack while Zachariah and Ishim were still well inside the Castle, the rest solved itself quickly. Meg and Benny surrounded themselves with some of the strongest warriors to look for the other Adler wolves who had to be hiding somewhere on Winchester grounds, while Sam and Bobby led the investigation of any culprits inside the Winchester pack. At least the last part turned out to be easier than expected.
broke the sprinkler so they had to call the janitor service. Neither man was surprised that Azazel came personally. He was still acting too slick and compliant, but that was nothing they could hold against him. After he had repaired the sprinkler however, he had looked more than a little bit suspicious – and Dean assumed he might have guessed it had been broken on purpose.
“Yeah. As long as I pay him well enough and his mother hates him working for me as much as she does. She seems to think he wastes his talents. And he just likes to annoy her too much to do anything else. They have a complicated relationship. Also, Crowley might be cunning and you have to check any agreements with him for loopholes – but in the end, he will always honour his contracts. And before he started working for me, I had his contract checked and rechecked for weeks.”
Anna scoffed, but then she turned thoughtful. “You know, I might have misjudged him for all those years. He always seemed like such a braggart, telling stories that always sounded exaggerated to me and somehow made him look like a hero from one of your knight tales.” Castiel tried to look indignant at her remark. “Not to mention his sleek flirting all the time. My impression only slowly changed when he declared he wanted to help you, help us. And now… I can’t believe I never saw how strong he was, how much he cared, despite his nonchalant demeanour. He has been a good friend, a loyal companion, those last few weeks.” She chuckled. “I guess you have some good instincts after all.”
Btw: That little scene when Castiel is excited over his dead squirrel and Dean feels a mixture of “aw” and “come on, man” was the first thing I had in mind for this story. It’s probably the reason I wrote the whole thing.
It had taken Dean less than three days until he told Castiel that he loved him; in some completely mundane situation, after he had handed Castiel his too-hot coffee at breakfast and the omega had felt grumpy from lack of sleep, his hair a complete mess. Until this day, Dean did not say it half as often as Castiel did – but the omega didn’t mind too much. He knew it was true.
He really had to work to look only mildly interested when Sam mentioned how Dean had helped paying his tuition for college by taking on three jobs at a time. How long had they been together? This seemed a romantic case of first-and-lifelong-love. Castiel suddenly felt sick just sitting here with Sam, an obvious danger to the man´s happiness. And Sam didn’t even know it! But Dean would probably just break up with him as soon as he found out about Castiel. That’s what usually happened. (And Castiel’s inner omega might have yipped happily at the thought.) He should not only stay away from the poor beta, he should probably move to a different country altogether.
Castiel twitched and under Eileen’s alert gaze, he tried to look neutral again. And not pay attention to the window behind him. Sam’s voice was loud enough to carry, but Dean’s rumbling answer was almost inaudible. He was probably trying to calm his brother with a low voice – and was standing farther away from the window.
. And a wealthy Angyal alpha referring to any of his subjects in that manner? It confirmed every stereotype.
“Dean,” Castiel whispered, gripping his mug tightly as the story captured him. He was fairly sure this was the moment, Sam would come in.
The next three days were busy with preparations. Dean had apologised for not being able to leave sooner, but he needed to take care of a few things first, like issuing instructions to every unit leader separately. Castiel understood that by the time they would come back, it might be only a couple of days until Michael’s celebration. Things needed to be ready by then. And Castiel himself was in no hurry. The longer he thought about the plan, the more absurd it sounded to him. But Sam and Dean still seemed to think it was worth a shot.
Castiel let his hands wander over Dean’s chest. He enjoyed feeling the smoothness of the cool skin, enjoyed that he finally knew how it felt. But when his hands stroked further down over the sensitive part of Dean’s belly, the alpha grabbed his hands abruptly, stopping his movements. Castiel looked up, trying to find out if he had done something wrong, and Dean pressed his lips against his temple reassuringly.
Castiel had just introduced himself to the newcomer when Naomi cleared her throat, obviously not happy with his shifted attention.
are – it is all the same to me, honestly. I cannot take liberties and expect my mate to behave differently. As long as they did everything on their own free will and enjoyed it, it is not my place to complain.
– was a little discouraging. He wanted to have children, more importantly he wanted to have children
When Dean finally pulled out and moved away from Castiel, the omega missed the other man’s touch already, the cool air on his chest causing goose bumps just as Dean’s touch had. But as he heard Dean tearing the foil wrapper open, he let out a sigh of relief, and a few seconds later – Castiel had closed his eyes to calm his breaths again – he felt soft lips against his own and a tongue teasing at them until Castiel opened his mouth for Dean to take possession of him. Dean’s hands had started to rub circles over his ass again and Castiel noticed that he really, really liked that feeling.
“Good morning, Cas!” Dean shouted, sounding not at all uncomfortable. Like it was not the least bit embarrassing for him to be completely naked with an omega nearby. An omega, Castiel noticed with dread, who was only half dressed himself.
“… there isn’t quite as much eye-fucking involved,” Crowley finished. Jody only shrugged, obviously content with the alpha’s phrasing.
Benny looked sheepishly to the floor. “I wanted to tell him, Cas, really. It’s just… well, Dean is like a brother to me. He’s my best friend. But he had sometimes said things that made me think… I just didn’t know how he would react. So I thought I would wait how the relationship with Victor turned out… maybe there wouldn’t have been anything to talk about in the end.”
“And then you ran away, Edgar and his friend chasing you to Winchester. And since you were intruders, their intention was anything but pleasant.” Castiel nodded. “What happened to your sister and this friend of yours, Cas?”
“No no no! Don’t hide from me.” Dean shifted, so Castiel was lying on his back, the alpha looking down at him with a warm glint in his eyes, tone gentle. “Don’t feel embarrassed. Never ever feel embarrassed about stuff like that.”
“You committed fraud with his clients, Bela! Because of you, SecCo seemed responsible for a line of robberies. It’s not easy to survive that kind of stigma. I really thought you were loyal to your boss.”
Jody looked at him in surprise, and Castiel explained how he had visited Uriel in Peaceful Haven. Only now did he mention the flowers and how he was still not sure who had sent them. “But Uriel denied it was him. And I was at the hotel for just a few minutes.”
When they finally arrived at the inner side of the castle walls, Castiel saw Dean in a seemingly vivid conversation with Cole and Cesar as well as Sam, Jess, Charlie and Meg. Every single one of that group had at least one corn cub in hands. Meg was the first one to notice Castiel, and the alpha winked at him – the omega could not help his giggle at the absurd picture before him.
His almost-smile vanishing from his face, Castiel followed the beta inside. He had to remind himself that he did not want to look like a scared omega, so he squared his shoulders and raised his chin a fraction.
Castiel looked up and directly at his other brother, Michael. His sudden appearance should not have surprised Castiel – his older brother could smell it from afar when people had fun, and he would always readily step in to sober them up with his air of self-importance and severity. He was not a bad man, and he had been a decent pack leader before, but Michael never let loose and even a smile from him was a rare occurrence. He was probably concerned that people would not take him seriously if he showed the least bit of emotion. In a way, he and Gabriel were complete opposites. Usually, Castiel preferred the company of the latter, but at least he could be sure Michael would not make fun of him – and he would certainly not have noticed Castiel’s
Dean scoffed, but before the alpha could say anything, Castiel interrupted: “We understand, Jody. If we notice something, we will inform you and our guys can try to follow them. We need to abide to the law, of course.”
To Castiel’s surprise, Victor only exchanged an almost loving glance with Benny. Dean mumbled “Oh, that Bela”, but his omega ignored him.
Dean let out a rumbling sound that almost made Castiel believe he was proud of him. The alpha made a few steps towards the smaller wolf. He approached slowly, and Castiel felt relief wash over him at the realisation that Dean was trying to be considerate, afraid he might scare him.
“Have you any idea how many hours we spent drinking in bars together? And three years ago, we went on a two-weeks-road trip together. We even mostly slept in the car! And did some naked-swimming in lakes.”
Dean practically purred at Castiel’s words, but he still insisted: “Just for a while, Cas. We both had to take in a lot today. You need to come to terms with the fact that I don’t own you, and I need to think about how you have been lying to me for weeks.”
“Relax, kid, I am not gonna hurt you. And I am way too old to get myself in a claiming fight.” The alpha didn’t move other than to hold his hands up in a gesture of benevolence. “Is Dean around?”
Over two hours later, Castiel finally could roll down on the bed. He shuddered at the thought of how many people he detested might have been in his house tonight. Somehow that unsettled him deeply – and he wanted to cleanse the air itself.  But when Dean joined him in bed, lying down already quite a bit closer than during their first nights, he managed to blur out all unwelcome thoughts and concentrated on the alpha’s calming scent.
He liked Sam. The omega was open and thoughtful. There was a rationality to him that Castiel recognised within himself. Last night, they had talked about Masters’
Castiel flew over the pages and signed the restraining order that obviously had already been rubber-stamped by a judge. The Captain had been busy since last night. He then frowned, suddenly realising what Jody had not mentioned. “And Alastair? Will you reach out to him as well?”
Castiel ducked his head again as he imagined what the comment meant – that was not at all how he had intended to come across. Jody’s tone might have been humorous, but he certainly did not want the Alpha to think he would cause trouble. Dean side-glanced Jody, and then turned back to Castiel, clicking his tongue.
“I apologise, Dean. I fear I have been daft. Or stupid. Depending on which brother you want to quote.”
With those words, the TV as well as Dean’s friends were soon completely forgotten and the two men engaged in a heated make-out-session on the couch. Castiel kissed his way along Dean’s jaw and down his neck, where he nibbled and even slightly bit into the sensitive skin. Alphas were not known to tolerate anyone touching their throats, but Dean just tipped his head further to the side when Castiel started to suck at the crook of Dean’s neck.
Castiel only nodded. He couldn’t help but feel jealous – and he wasn’t exactly looking forward to meeting this omega. At the same time, he couldn’t help but feel sympathy for her:  Being an omega with a child and no mate must be harsh.
As soon as they were alone, Castiel took a few steps away from Dean. They needed to talk. Everyone seemed so sure they would mate – and he was not surprised about that since he had never heard about True Mates who did not take that step – but Castiel was not sure of anything right now.
seen Dean before, right?” Her tone was dangerous – like she was searching for something to make him squirm.
When they arrived at Dean’s apartment, Castiel had no interest in looking around. Any other time, he would be curious of Dean’s living conditions, but for now, he just let Dean lead him to the bathroom. After a quick shower, cautious not to get water on the bandages on his arm and neck, he dressed in some of Dean’s shirts and boxers – and only moments later, both men snuggled together on the bed. Which was much smaller than the one they were used to. Not that Castiel was complaining.
But Gabriel – Castiel noticed he now wore an expensive outfit in clashing colours of turquois and orange – just shrugged and opened the door wider for them to enter. Already seated at the table was Meg, looking bored – until her eyes wandered over Castiel’s hair and she smirked. Honestly, Castiel had known his hair was ruffled, but not that it was quite so bad.
He bared his neck seductively and rubbed his crotch against Dean so that the alpha could feel his interest – if the growing scent of his slick was not indication enough. Castiel wanted Dean to be 100 percent sure about what he was doing.
Sam chuckled. “Oh, you think this would be easily gained? Let me tell you, everyone who has ever tried, failed miserably. There live some things in those forever-lasting forests that no one has ever seen. Or at least, they did not live to tell the tale. And we never tried to invade. If anything, the Winchesters had always seen themselves as protectors of the Wild. We consider it a sacred duty and in accepting this task, we are blessed with good climate, plenty of food and healthy children.”
. He was not completely useless in a fight. He even liked to think that it was partly because of him when, a few minutes later, Michael’s soldiers were defeated by the rebels.
For a moment, Castiel thought the question was rhetorical until he noticed the alpha was looking at him with an almost pleading expression – which unsettled Castiel not only because Dean should better fix his eyes on the street.
In hindsight, it surprised Castiel how strong and quick Alastair had been. The omega had gripped his shirt, before Castiel even made it a foot away, and he raised his knife like he prepared to aimlessly stab it down on Castiel.
Castiel swallowed and then wordlessly tipped his head to the side. He felt Dean lean in, strong fingers still around his arm, and a second later there were soft lips at his neck, followed by a tiny sting, then a gentle lick. Castiel was still dazed when Dean suddenly made at least five steps backwards. He had already turned around and was halfway up the stairs before Castiel even managed to open his eyes again.
“No. Stop it. This is not how we are going to do this,” Castiel said sternly, and both Dean and Charlie looked stunned at his tone. “If we are to mate…
Now, Castiel felt goose-bumps over his arms again. Alastair was behaving more than a little bit strange. Castiel quickly gulped down some of the hot coffee to hide his frown. Next second, he coughed and nearly spit the coffee back into the mug – then he put two spoonsful of sugar in his cup. The beverage was almost unbearably bitter.
Alastair closed the door behind him with a foot, while Castiel seemed to be frozen in place. Shock settled in his whole body and it was hard to concentrate. He felt trapped in his own small hallway and could smell how his scent of heat and fear intensified by the second. Alastair closed his eyes for a moment and his smile turned absent-minded, like he was lost in an enticing daydream.
Castiel woke up almost three hours later – happy, sated, and with the certain knowledge that his heat was finally over. As he stretched, grunting at the small pain, he looked at the watch; it was nearly 4 p.m. Castiel felt guilty for having slept through most of the last hours he could spend with his alpha. He felt even worse when he noticed that this time as he woke up, Dean did not lie beside him, like he had always done before.
Castiel could not comprehend how differently omegas were treated. Particularly in this day and age, since there were so many attempts to improve life conditions for the subgender. But it was still legal for alphas to tie them up and abuse them any which way. Castiel started to shake slightly – more from relief than anything else. Because lucky for him, his mate was more progressive. He could see how relieved the omega across from him looked as his alpha was finally called and the couple could exit the room.
“What’s going on?” Crowley repeated in a mocking tone. “What’s going on is that you have sent a wave of fear through the bond half an hour ago. At least to those of us who were close enough. Our mighty Alpha has called me three times already. I promised him I would look after you, and if something goes wrong, he will have
With that, the scene slowly set into motion again. Most people were cautiously moving away from the group – with one exception: Suddenly Alfie walked right up to Castiel, face white with fury.
He took the elevator to get to Naomi’s office and knocked on the door of the open anteroom before he stepped in.
Even when pack life was mostly back to normal, there were still more whispers and rumours going around than usual. The stories of the battle had been exaggerated over the weeks and somewhat altered, like it often happened when something dramatic took place. But the core of the stories usually was true enough; even though Lucifer’s wolf had not actually been eight feet tall, nor had any of the Winchester wolves suddenly developed new super powers. At least none other than any shifter already possessed.
“And I was in love,” he said, voice thick with self-mockery. “So, I believed her. Nonetheless, from that moment on, I knew there was something wrong. I just knew. But I was still trying to make excuses for her. We spent two days locked in her apartment and during this short time-period, she had already changed. She had degraded me with words, and I just thought it might be my heat. She had liked to get rough before, so her humiliating words might have just been an increase during my heat and she would turn to be more caring again, once I was back to normal.” The omega scoffed again. Obviously, that had never happened.
“I am sorry, I didn’t mean to imply you did anything wrong. I am just concerned. And I very much don’t want you out of my sight when you smell so…
Before he could reply, Castiel pulled Dean’s face down to his and kissed him in a way that conveyed more emotions than words ever could.
As soon as they were back at Dean’s beloved Impala, the alpha remembered that he wanted to withdraw some cash while they were at the bank and he hurried back in. Castiel decided to wait in the car, but in the end, since he felt still restless from his emotional outburst, he just paced up and down in front of the building.
Castiel wanted to punch the detective, but Benny just picked up where Dean left: “You know, Gordon, Mr Garrison told us that he hit the thief in the knee. With his cane. And we also know that he seemed pretty sure he knew who stole his money.”
As the alpha suddenly stopped, Castiel opened his eyes and looked directly into Dean’s smug face. Task accomplished: Little Jack was finally asleep. Two weeks ago, the alpha had confided to Castiel that nothing boosted his ego like making his son stop crying for a few hours. (Which Castiel thought was quite funny since Dean basically saved people from dying from drug overdose or smoke poisoning on a daily basis. But making Jack fall asleep was the thing he was most proud of.) Not that Jack cried all the time. But sometimes it sure felt that way. Especially when the two men wanted nothing more than a few moments alone with each other (or in Castiel´s case: sometimes, just a few moments alone – so he could take a shower, or simply sleep). Just an hour before, when Dean had come back from work, Castiel had been completely exhausted – and Dean had announced cockily he could make Jack fall asleep in just a minute’s time. It had taken at least thirty-six minutes. Not that Castiel was counting.
That seemed even more probable since Dean was currently even leading his Mate towards danger. He was clearly tempting fate – he should have left Castiel in the pack quarter with a guard instead. His wolf growled at him for that thought. He was glad that Castiel was with them. He was strong and smart, and bringing another omega would help everyone.
Castiel loved all three pups of Sam – but this night, it seemed like all three of them had agreed to act up. Petra, the oldest, kept insisting that she wanted to sit on Dean’s lap or at the very least share a chair with him. In the end, the alpha was squeezed in on a small bench between Petra and Eileen who had a toddler on her own lap. The beta had at first – very insistently – suggested that Castiel sat on Dean’s other side instead of her – but the omega needed to look after the food and a chair was easier to get up from. Any time Castiel did manage to sit down, Robert, the second oldest, asked him all kinds of weird questions that usually started with “why”. Alba, sitting on Eileen’s lap was currently teething, and cried half of the time. It also meant that Eileen had to get up every five minutes to try and calm her down by slowly rocking her as she walked around the room.
Omegas were rare, and even more so in Castiel’s bloodline of dominant alphas. He had been the first omega of the Angyal family in generations. Being a male, he was even more of a curiosity – and in some packs, they were considered more exotic than females and thus more desirable; for others they were hardly more than abominations.
The rest of the day, Castiel buried himself in work, so he would have no opportunity to either muse about the idea of a True Mate or about his pending engagement with a very real fiancée. Brooding over what might or might not happen was useless. He had played his cards already.
Someone brought sandwiches at around two in the afternoon, and by that time, Castiel had the impression that Gabriel was in a better mood than he had been in the morning. He seemed genuinely interested in Castiel’s and Dean’s motivation, and showed empathy for the rebels as a group, as much as the friends they had to leave behind at the border.
“Elections. We could start with what we have – the different units elect a spokesperson for them and we form some form of council where everyone will have the same vote – noblemen and common folk.”
“But he did not know that, Bobby!” It was Sam. “I admit, this is all very unfortunate, but there have been mistakes on both sides. Let’s, just for a second, imagine everything Castiel said is true. He escaped from a pack that did not treat omegas well,” there was suddenly a low growl all around; it seemed all alphas at the table were unhappy with that concept, “and then was seemingly
For a second, Dean had marginally relaxed his posture, but now he just hissed like someone had slapped him.
“What happened?” She simply asked after one look at Castiel, Dean and then the bleeding Uriel on the ground.
With a little help from Jack, who still looked scared, Castiel brought Dean up to date. He explained everything he had heard from Jack as well as the little dispute with Ketch moments ago. To his utter relief, Dean seemed to concentrate his anger on Ketch, and seemed somewhat understanding for Jack’s position.
“Well, you know…” Dean cleared his throat and Castiel already knew what the alpha was about to say. “…you could stop working
Needless to say, Dean did not kill them. After a few stern words and half-hearted threats – which were interrupted by his more cordial brother – he led the three brothers straight to Rowena, the pack healer. Afterwards, they were invited to a small cabin they could share, and someone brought them food and warm clothes. They could not have asked for more.
As they slowly walked through the corridors, Charlie explained to Castiel that she would only show him the most important places inside the castle walls today, to not confuse him more than anything. At first, she led them back to Castiel’s room – and the omega was glad at this chance to remember the route again. Then she showed him to the kitchen, the courtyard and the keep. The whole time, the red-head was babbling on about this detail or another, while Meg mostly kept silent, lingering a few steps behind the omegas.
“So, Cassie, and now let’s look for secret passages in Peaceful Haven. You’re lucky I agreed to come with you – I don’t want to see you when you get busted stalking the corridors. Don’t hate me, but you don’t know how to act inconspicuous on a good day, and you always take about half an hour to make up excuses. Not to mention you are a horrible liar.”
He knew roughly where each Claire and the beta mates camped and walked a few feet down in the middle way. Castiel relieved himself, and then turned around and walked back to the camp.
stupid. Dean’s tenseness should probably alarm the omega – appease your alpha and all that – but it strangely calmed him. Since he was about 92 percent sure, that the apprehension was not directed at him. But when the beta kept talking, Castiel could not help but feel a bit timid at his words.
“It has nothing to do with… well, not directly. I mean…” Castiel threw his arms in the air in frustration.
Balthazar gasped loudly at the open statement, and even Anna widened her eyes. But Castiel noticed that neither of them had yet interrupted, obviously trusting Castiel’s judgement. After all, he was the one who had been living in this pack for the last months.
Castiel almost sighed out in relief. He knew Alastair was dangerous, but at least he was alone. He tried to scare him off, knowing that his chances weren’t good: “That’s not exactly true. You should know that Dean will be here any second.”
“Then how about we have a little private dinner tonight?” It seemed like Dean still wanted to do something, anything, to make his almost-mate feel better.
Dean pulled the canvas to the side so Castiel could enter the big tent. He had not noticed before that it was divided into different areas or “rooms” – but maybe it had not been built that way this afternoon.
“I hope I did not… disappoint you too much here. But I think, since you obviously have a crush on him, it’s best to know what’s what. So you can move on, or whatever.”
“Sure. Just like yesterday. And tomorrow, and probably the day after that,” Dean grumbled in the tone of someone who suffered an unspeakable fate.
But he did not get that far. There was another movement to his side, and his wolf recognised who was stepping out of the shadows before he even saw him. He had smelled Jack the moment he came to the lawn, even before he had noticed Ketch.
As soon as Castiel came downstairs and was kissed by his mate, his nerves calmed down noticeably. He knew that Dean just wanted to show him around his place and have him meet only a handful of people. But he couldn’t get completely over the fact that a lot of staff members would
Castiel wanted to slap the smirk off Dean’s face. But he also very much wanted Dean to continue touching him, already feeling the calming effect to his sensitive skin, so he refrained himself from violence.
“What is this merchant’s name?” Dean asked, seemingly more open to Castiel’s story now that Bobby had vouched for him.
But then, the horse suddenly stopped. The bag was pulled off his head and Castiel blinked at the sudden sunlight. He was pushed to the ground and sat up, trying to hide his dagger under his coat at the same time.
I hope you don’t mind some Castiel&Sam-bonding-time – because that is basically all that’s happening in this one. ;-)
“I don’t want to play bodyguard to some royal prince. We are here to fight the nobility, not to protect them! I don’t want to go on a long journey that might turn out to be completely fruitless while I could make myself useful here.”
Castiel chuckled at the mental image of Naomi and Alastair driving around in a red convertible. The mentioning of Naomi suddenly lightened his mood: Like he had promised himself, Castiel had knocked on everyone’s door after the arrest of Lilith and Alastair and tried to explain to every omega that they could start a new life. Meg had accompanied him – they had hoped that it would be more effectual if the omegas saw them as some kind of independent role models: one private detective and a police officer of their kind. To no one’s surprise, Tessa had been overjoyed. But they didn’t really need to work on her anyway since she had already applied to an apprenticeship as a nurse – and she and Billy were just about to move to an apartment in Kensington. Most of the other omegas, Meg and Castiel were not so fortunate with them. Some seemed to be content with their alphas, others were just too intimidated. There was for example Dr Styne’s mate Olivia who seemed to be too scared to even talk to Castiel anymore.
“Ever the gentleman,” Castiel mumbled to himself as he waved to his friends who were already driving past him in two cars.
“I meant what I said earlier. You are good for him, Cas.” The omega blushed deeply, he was overjoyed with the other omega’s obvious approval.
Castiel’s voice had probably sounded too calm and collected, his reply too ready. Jack’s eyes widened. “You knew already! You knew he thinks he’s my dad!”
This time, Castiel had to grab hard to hold Dean back, and Gordon used the opportunity to start the car. He circled the Impala, the right wheels of his Buick driving through the mud, but he managed to leave them behind.
Castiel had always hated those stereotypes and he was set to never let himself be tied to another person. There might have been times when he silently wished for someone at his side, but he valued his independency too much to ever truly consider mating. He liked his job, i.e. he liked to
Castiel could not observe what happened further, as another couple stepped in Dean and Castiel’s way. The alpha offered his hand to Dean and welcomed him to the community. Just like Lucifer, he seemed to try to pose himself as the head alpha, but in a much subtler way. His suit screamed money, and he seemed a bit too slick when he introduced himself to Dean, and to Castiel, as Richard Roman. He had the attitude of a politician, but for some reason, Castiel was more reminded of a mob boss.
Benny, as Castiel had already known, was one of the first employees of WinSec. He and Dean had served in the military together and left roughly at the same time. And as much as Castiel had always been intimidated by alphas, he didn’t mind Benny; if only because he knew how much Dean trusted him. Castiel imagined the two men had been through some form of hell together, which had resulted in their close friendship, a rare thing among alphas.
“Wait? I don’t want to wait any longer. We have been sleeping together in this bed for over a month now, Dean.”
The group stopped in the courtyard, and Balthazar, along with Anna and Gabriel, walked towards the guests to welcome them. One man of the Winchester entourage dismounted from a beautiful black horse and looked around the place with a grim expression before he walked to the carriage. Castiel assumed this man must be in charge of the personal guard of his fiancée. He looked closely at him, noticing the broad shoulders, the tense posture like he expected an attack any second as well as the bowlegged gait. With one last warning glare at no one in particular, the man opened the door to the carriage. Out came Samuel Winchester, husband of Castiel by tomorrow afternoon.
“At first, yes. But honestly, you were the one who kept me sane those last couple of weeks.” Castiel nodded regally – he knew that feeling too well. Meg licked her lips nervously. “But I won’t hide that I was confused as well. Especially last week. Crowley told me what happened with Lucifer and how Dean sent you inside. Then no one saw either of you the whole weekend, not even in church, and a few days later you were all happy. And I did not think you were the type to enjoy a little bit of pain play. Not that you could see inside a person… But Dean seems protective of you rather than possessive – and when you were in company, you always were the picture of a submissive mate, but when you did not notice anyone watching, the two of you laughed and talked in a way you would never see on Naomi or Dick. And not to say your place isn’t tidy – but you don’t seem to be too invested in house-keeping. Not like most of the omegas here are, anyway. Crowley sometimes tried to get a reaction out of your mate, or make him jealous, but Dean’s anger was never directed at you – uncommon for an alpha like him. They usually blame their omega at least partly for anything that happens.”
“No hard feelings. An omega in heat can’t be vigilant enough, I guess.” Castiel was relieved that this alpha, who obviously was very close to Dean, did not resent him. It was odd, how important it was to him to leave a good impression on a friend of Dean’s.
Just a few minutes after Alfie had left him alone – with a “go to him now. Never go to sleep angry” thrown over his shoulder –, Dean had knocked at Castiel’s door and apologised sheepishly for anytime he might have ignored his opinions or acted like he needed to make decisions for him. He looked so forlorn Castiel was feeling guilty again. He had followed the alpha to his room after both had apologised and explained their point of view to each other.
The Alpha made a few steps towards the last room, where the fire seemed to be hotter than anywhere else. He could feel sweat sticking to his own body, and the smoke was slowly becoming too much for his lungs, even with the piece of cloth around his face, and he had to blink rapidly in an attempt to keep his eyes open. It would not take long until the whole floor would crash down.
Castiel escaped another moan at the thought of taking Dean in while he was on top of him and he wondered why they had to wait until tonight.
Dean might have been getting on Rowena’s nerves during the last few days – he constantly wanted to know how Castiel was. And even though Rowena had never really answered his questions, Dean had been convinced that Castiel was in a bad condition. Which had not helped his growling alpha to calm down, at all.
“Dean, I knew we would all be very compatible ever since you first took us camping. When you patiently showed Jack how to make a fire from scrap – even though he is not the most practical person and took several attempts – and when you then listened to him explain the stellar constellations the whole night, or when you didn’t even bat an eye as he vomited in your precious car on the ride back.” They both let out a laugh at that statement – Dean’s a little bit strained. “Jack adores you, and from all I see, you very much seem to feel the same way. You already treat him like your kid, rubbing your scent over him all the time, consciously or not, and how important it seems to you that he gets along with your brother and Charlie and Benny….”
Breathing or having a heartbeat is never a necessity for Castiel. But it had given Castiel a strange sense of comfort, allowing those functions to run their course.
Castiel curls his hand over Dean’s slack one where it rests in the dirt, closes his eyes, presses the gun to the soft skin under his chin.
When Dean dares a quick glance, Castiel’s observing the creamy swirl of the ice cream with something close to suspicion in his blue eyes. Too keyed up for laughter, Dean pointedly gestures it at Castiel —
Finished, Dean sits back, expecting Castiel to open his eyes and start protesting about Dean’s earlier interference again. He doesn’t. Instead, Castiel appears to be asleep, his head nodding to one side; Dean instinctively reaches out with a hand to catch and steady Castiel's head before the momentum has him tumbling from his seat.
Someone’s been killing his plants. It starts with a massive area of total annihilation, decreasing in size, until it gradually becomes only a patch of ailing grains, wilted and sad. Although he is capable of bringing the plants that are still alive back to perfect health with a single touch, Dean is rather curious about the mysterious situation.
Dean swears Castiel’s only doing it because he enjoys seeing the absolute terror on Gordon’s face. What a sadist. But, Dean would be lying if he said it didn’t bring him the slightest bit of satisfaction.
“Cas!” Dean’s instantly at his side, helping him sit up. He cradles Castiel’s face in his hands, tilting it up to check his neck. “You okay, sweetheart?”
Castiel continues staring back at Gordon, indifferent to the blood he can feel dripping down his face.
Magic hums its deadly song as Castiel’s eyes ignite an icy electric blue, Dean’s own glowing a vibrant emerald green as they stretch the wings of their combined power in a threatening display. It feels so
It takes a moment, but Castiel spares him a quick glance, eyes wild when they meet Dean’s before they dart away again.
The nurse leaves easily without protest at Dean’s request. Being liked by all the teachers and staff really does have nice perks. Castiel obediently sits where he’s directed, and Dean bustles around collecting things in a metal bucket.
Dean welcomes Castiel with open arms, watching him brace himself on his forearms over Dean’s head with smiling eyes. Slipping his arms around Castiel’s neck to slide a hand into unruly dark hair, Dean arches up to meet Castiel for a soft kiss.
Dean drags in an audibly deep inhale, curling his fingers into Castiel’s hip. “What’re you… Told you to go to work,” he says, voice thick with sleep.
John scoffs, dismissive. When John strides forward with purpose, Dean’s legs instinctively carry him backward to clear the path; he’s just about stumbling with how quickly his body obeys.
Dean runs his oiled hands down the sides of Castiel's back, his thumbs tracing parallel paths along the curve of Castiel's spine. Sighing softly, Castiel arches up into Dean's touch, tugging absently at the blue tie anchoring his wrists to the headboard.
“Dork,” Dean sighs fondly, leaning down to brush their lips together. “You don’t have to if you don’t want to.”
Slowly, cautiously, Castiel perches next to Dean, hoping the dip of the mattress would alert Dean to his presence without being too distressing. He glances at the bedside cabinet; all of the Tylenol he’d left is gone, the shallow bowl now occupied by three balled up granola bar wrappers. At least Dean had eaten something. Castiel’s replacing the empty water bottles on the bedside cabinet with the colourful electrolyte filled drinks in his arms when Dean stirs, shifting his weight restlessly. Freezing in place, Castiel hardly dares to breathe, but Dean settles quickly without acknowledging Castiel. He must be deeply asleep, then.
Pain sparks through their bond. Dean’s straining his ears to hear the conversation, and distantly, he catches the sound of someone —
with rapidly fading hope. Then something stirs with a low defeated sigh and he hurries over as quickly as he could manage, stumbling every other step, eyes trained on the bodies around him like he expected them to come alive any second and grab for his ankles.
Dean’s scrubbing at his hair in the shower when he realizes the kind man he’d met for the first time today, has to be none other than
He remembers blowing out every single light bulb in the old barn, shards raining down like snow; perhaps it had been a tad excessive. He’d met jewel green eyes, wide with awe, and been proud of how well he’d rebuilt the body housing such a bright soul.
So Dean surrounds Castiel as best as he could — settling his head on Castiel’s shoulder, his arms around Castiel’s waist, his legs hugging Castiel’s hips — and tries to remain calm, carefully regulating his breaths. If Castiel needs Dean to be a rock to hold onto while the storm inside threatens to tear him apart, then a rock Dean shall be.
Dean ends up grabbing one of the dark woven bracelets spelled with a nifty charm encouraging restful sleep at night, along with a handful of dried herbs he could use in cooking. He sets the basket on what he now notices is an elevated hardwood floor in the shop — it must be all soil underneath, that solves the mystery of a massive live plant growing indoors — and plops down to rest his back against the trunk of the tree. There are quite a few customers, not a surprise when this shop is the only one supplying specific items necessary for spellwork, but the noise level is comfortably low.
The faint sunlight peeking out around the edges of the curtains and from the hallway outside is just barely enough to make out the simplest shadowy outlines of the largest things in their bedroom; it’s a good thing Castiel knows where everything is, knows well enough he could likely navigate the space fairly well in total darkness. Dean doesn’t appear to have moved at all, but Castiel could hear some of the strained quality seep out of his breathing. It’s a small victory.
Dean finds Castiel clawing weakly at the wrist of the hand around his neck, his back pressed to the wall. Outside, a suspicious man is loitering, expression bored but alert enough to set off a few alarm bells in Dean’s head.
He finds out he can actually drink enough to pass out when he blinks his eyes open and finds himself sprawled out on the floor, his neck and shoulder painfully stiff from the awkward position. Even his hip protests when he drags himself upright.
Dean frowns. “What,” he says, again, like it’s the only word he knows. Is there an echo in here? No, it’s just Dean being an idiot.
Castiel’s perched on the edge of the mattress when Dean returns. He’s stiff with his uncertainty, nose flushed a soft pink, perking up like a lonely puppy as Dean approaches.
He lays off the alcohol for a while after, only having enough to be sloppily tipsy. Enough to temporarily dull the pain.
standing in a clear area in the center of the shop, its leaves a healthy green. Adorable lamp lights curl up and over the shelves, filling the shop with a warm glow, beautiful and vibrant as sunlight. Large labels decorate the side of the shelves, declaring the aisle’s contents in a legible but distinctly messy scrawl of handwriting. Dean can see plush beanbag chairs and more solid armchairs scattered about at the end of the shelves, with what seemed to be the same idea as the seats in footwear shops. (Only not for trying on shoes, of course. There are no shoes sold here.) Every tiny detail screams hours of thought put in for the comfort of customers, and although this is not a shop Dean would usually frequent, he knows he could spend hours happily wandering the place.
Brain to mouth filter? Dean doesn’t need it. He’ll gladly say all his sappy, embarrassing thoughts if it’ll bring Castiel a bit of happiness.
Well, noon is actually a solid half hour away, but who’s counting, right? He’s already spent too many hours away from Dean.
Castiel blinks, biting gently at his bottom lip as he considers. “...Okay.” He squares his shoulders like a man preparing to go to war, determined. “I do need to meet them, anyway.”
The door opens, its hinge protesting — as usual — against the movement with a low squeak. He would fix it, but it’s been a decent indicator of customers entering the shop, so he’s been leaving the thing be.
He takes a deep breath. It’s okay. Whatever happens, he’ll trust his dragon to catch him when he falls.
Dean wiggles back slightly to make room for Castiel, who gets himself situated between Dean and the bedside cabinet of supplies, fully intent on fetching everything so Dean wouldn’t have to stretch for them. The instant Castiel stops moving, Dean breathes a cut off whine and rolls right up against him, throwing an arm across Castiel’s lap under the comforter. All the tension bleeds out of Dean on his next exhale — even his brow relaxes, as if not having Castiel in close proximity was the only thing keeping Dean from using his body’s entire capacity of resources towards resting and recuperating.
As usual, Dean’s the first to look away. He rubs the back of his neck, grimacing at the sweat he feels there. Christ, it sucks having to wear the full fed monkey suit getup in the peak of summer. “Can get myself one, Cas.”
Castiel hated himself for feeling the way he did. After all, he’s no longer alone — he has Dean. But only now does he understand, that the pain of having and then losing something is much greater than not having it at all. Not that he’s lost Dean. No, Dean still visits every weekend with baked goods and warm smiles, still trots into the shop with four paws and a wagging tail on random weekday nights to curl up under the tree. Castiel knows he has Dean, now more than ever. Yet his mind whispers poisonous doubts, telling him he's lost more than just letters in Dean’s handwriting, that he’s gained less than the affectionate but deliberately measured touches. He knows Dean is busy with running his shop, knows Dean is only seemingly passive because of his exhausting work hours. But long periods of time spent alone with your thoughts breeds deadly creatures, and while Castiel doesn’t doubt Dean’s affections for a second, he now finds his previous solitary lifestyle to be rather… lonely.
entire day solo trips out of the bunker and return exponentially more frustrated each time nothing changes.
Maybe he’s made a small sound. Maybe it’s his scent, easily noticeable because of proximity. But the cat’s ears perk up, nose twitching, and it twists to roll half upright, hind legs still comfortably splayed out on the floor.
Until each bottle is a little mound of broken glass, until there are no more bullets in the gun and his eyes are damp with tears he refuses to shed.
Sam plugged his left ear and held the cell phone closer to his right to hear Dean’s voice over the various voices and noises at the crime scene.
Obviously, Cas did his best to hide his habit from the Winchesters. God only knows what Sam would say if he found out, or what Dean would. They had enough problems on their hands as is. So he would keep his blade clean as to not arouse suspicion and would always wait for the blood to dry before rolling down his sleeves and pants. Whenever one of the Winchesters asked how he was doing, he would reply that he was alright with enough enthusiasm to keep them in the dark. But for all his efforts, it didn’t seem to make a difference.
Dean abruptly cut off, looking down at the bed with wide eyes. Confused, Cas followed his line of sight and found he was staring at- oh no. Blood had covered the sleeve of Cas’s white dress shirt and was slowly seeping onto his trench coat sleeve. Dean leaned down and reached towards Cas’s wrist but Cas instinctively pulled it away, holding it to his chest.
