“Yes, Steve, Yes. So good, you feel so fucking good.” Tony panted as he increased his pace. “God, I'm so close, Steve touch me...touch me make me come I need to come!” He begged. Steve immediately obliged, he wrapped his hand around Tony's neglected dick and began to pump him. “Fuck yes so good!” Tony gasped and grasped Steve's hand tighter around the arc reactor, his body went rigid, tense as his cock spurted white ropes of come across Steve's chest. Tony let the waves of pleasure crash over him with each pulsing throb from his hard length. Steve had expected Tony to back off and maybe finish him off with his hand, not for Tony to go back to riding him hard and fast to draw out Steve's own quickly approaching orgasm.
Steve considered him, his face unreadable.  And then he reached out to take the ornament from his hand.  “I'll wear my best suit,” he said, and Tony heaved a sigh of relief.
Rhodey stared at the holographic schematic.  “They've got someone smart,” he said, his voice quiet.  “I mean.  Amoral.  But smart.”
“You like that huh? Me calling you soldier. I'll remember to use it more.” Tony commented with a playful smile.
“To bond?” Steve finished. Feeling his heart racing. He hadn't imagined they would reach this point so soon.
“Ah!-ohhh!” Steve's surprised yelp turned to a moan. “Do-do that again!” Tony obliged slapping Steve's ass again. “Ngh! More!” Tony did so slapping the round butt-cheek and kneading his fingers into the sore flesh. Soft, but also so firm as he always imagined it would be.
Tony gave in, and closed his eyes as well as he lost himself in the moment. He parted his lips willingly and was rewarded with Steve's soft, pleased whimper. Tony automatically raised his hands up to either side of Steve's face to hold him in place. Steve's warm wet tongue delved into Tony's mouth, exploring him for the first time. Lips slotted over one another, hums of satisfaction thrummed through them, tongues licked and tasted as they remained tightly embraced and kissing for what felt like an eternity, and when they pulled apart for air it hadn't felt long enough.
“Easy...Easy...” He soothed. “I need you to relax Tony...just breathe in slowly and then back out...can you do that?” Tony gave a silent nod and inhaled deeply then let it out nice and slow, the stretch was a bit more than he had anticipated. Steve felt Tony's body slowly relax around him, and he took that opportunity to gently push himself deeper. Slowly he moved, until his shaft was fully seated in Tony's body. Steve gave him a minute to adjust to his length and girth while rubbing his hands over Tony's skin, and pressing light kisses between Tony's shoulders along his back.
Tony woke with a start, jerking awake and sucking in several breaths as his heart hammered in his chest. Steve was stirring beside him, reaching a hand out and placing his palm over the center of Tony's chest.
Steve made such sexy noises of want as he moaned into their kiss. His large hands found their way under Tony's shirt and roamed over Tony's chest to feel every curve and angle, and Tony found his skin on fire from the man's touch. He wanted...no...needed more of it, and Steve was peeling the shirt up and over Tony's head. Steve couldn't suppress the gasp when he felt Tony press himself more firmly against him, slotting their hips together, and he felt the hardness of Tony's cock through his pants. It sent a jolt of arousal though him that pooled inside his belly. Tony broke away from Steve's lips and kissed at his neck then suckled lightly on his left ear.
“Wait...I thought...you only came multiple times because of-of my heat...” Tony replied hazily. His eyes looked distant and lust addled.
Steve blew out a long breath and gave a short, but firm nod. Tony was right, had he known earlier than Steve could have had a solution already. “and how do I handle this until then?”
“Nothing.” Tony reached for Steve's hands and placed them on his hips. “Just hold me like that...there you go.” Tony's voice was gentle. “Just let yourself feel good, you don't have to do anything but lie back and let me take care of you.” Steve was about to protest that he wanted to make this good for Tony too, but Tony gave a single gentle rock of his hips and Steve lost all thought. Tony moved again another slow sinful motion of his hips, again and then again, but keeping the motion steady.
While he took himself in hand Steve tried not to think of anything or anyone in particular. He just needed to get this out of his system and he could relax a little. He was only a man after all, a man with needs. He certainly wasn't going to picture himself going down on Tony's cock, or think about how well Tony had fucked him from behind. There was no way he would picture the curve of Tony's long thick cock, or the heft and weight of it against his tongue as he had licked the solid length.
Tony closed his eyes for just a moment and inhaled deeply, breathing in the scent of Steve, of the fresh air of everything that he now associated as home. He sighed in content and let the post orgasm waves settle over his body, and flow through his limbs in complete satisfied bliss.
Tony felt his own cock throb at hearing Steve talk so dirty. He complied taking Steve's cock into his mouth again, sucking him down to the root, relaxing his throat and swallowing around him again, as he bobbed his head. He slid his mouth back and gave the head some attention, sucking it lightly, running his tongue along the slit. Tony closed his mouth over him again, and sucked him down, moving faster. He reached up wrapping his hand around the base and started to stroke Steve as he sucked him.
"We're fixing it right now..." Tony raked his nails down Steve's back and groped his ass with his hands. "God I've always wanted to do that." he admitted with no shame, not thinking at all how they had broken the charade, they were no longer strangers here.
“I'm Tony.” He replied. “I'm not used to being asked, most either know my name already or don't care to know. Also, it's rare to meet a high born that doesn't insist on us to remind him of the importance of his status.” There was a slight bitter edge to Tony's voice, he seemed to catch himself and added quickly. “My apologies...” He bowed his head. “I shouldn't speak ill of my lords and ladies of Sir Pierce's keep.” Steve saw Tony growing tense in the shoulders, and his hand clenched at the back of chaise as if physically grounding himself in preparation for some sort of retaliation.
“On your knees Tony.” Steve ordered him and Tony did so sitting up on his knees, his cock jutting out from his body obscenely. Steve looked down at it and stifled a groan as he too sank down to the floor his hands grasping onto Tony's thighs and sliding upwards. The bed was low enough to the floor that Steve could easily reach Tony, it made for some fun positions for them. Steve leaned in and pressed several kisses to Tony's hip and thigh, intentionally avoiding the aching member brushing along his cheek. There was a frustrated grunt from Tony and Steve grinned as he moved further in trailing his lips along the heated skin. A wet tongue pressed to the base of Tony's dick and ran up along his length to the leaking tip. Tony shuddered and gasped while his hips stuttered forward, but Steve stilled him with his hands on his hips.
Steve shook his head slightly, his forehead still damp with sweat. “Since when do you monitor my routine?” The answer to that question was obvious, but Steve wanted to hear Tony say it. They had been monitoring him since he had gotten out of quarantine.
Steve returned to the tower and took a nice long shower to wash away the sweat and grime from his early morning run. He let the water run down over his skin, and closed his eyes while using his arm to lean against the shower wall. Almost absentmindedly his right hand trailed down over his chest and down his abdomen and cupped his half-hard erection in his palm. Steve let out a heavy sigh, it had been a little while since he had relieved himself sexually. Given what he had been through with the centipede Steve would have guessed he would have gotten his fill, but that wasn't the case. Still, weeks after he had a lingering need, an itch he had been desperate to scratch but couldn't while under the heavy surveillance of quarantine.
“It was my pleasure...literally.” Tony had a playful grin on his face, and seeing it warmed Steve to his core. He enjoyed this closeness and intimacy with Tony, as if he were seeing a secret side of him that Tony often concealed from the world.
Steve still carried the heavy sorrow of their lost friends, his eyes never quite losing that sadness that had etched itself into them. Tony too was plagued by the nightmares and memories of his own failure, Peter's dusting still shook him to his core and only Steve had been there to help soothe the panic attacks. There were times where they still fought, shouting matches, Tony shoving Steve in anger, but no matter how badly it had gotten they would still find themselves sharing a bed during the lonely nights.
“Tony? Tony hey look at me.” Steve stilled his hand when he saw the amount of discomfort Tony was in. “I can stop...we don't have to-”
Steve rolled his eyes and shook his head. “You know this was supposed to be a shared labor thing...you wanna go feed the girls while I get some hay for the kids?”
“Oh God!” Steve moaned, he felt his cock jerk and pulse with another stream of fluid. “So that-that doesn't bother you?”
Tony pulled Steve up to kiss him as they came down from the high of their orgasms. Steve was gentle as he pulled out wincing slightly when he saw the look of discomfort on Tony's face. Steve rolled over onto his back beside Tony, and the silence settled over them. The game had been long abandoned now here they were again...and Tony frankly had no clue where they stood now. He was still bitter, and hurt...but it didn't burn inside him as it had before. Neither one of them said a word there was nothing to say really.
After several minutes and his own come drying on his chest and abdomen Steve pulled himself from the bed and took a much needed shower. However...no matter how much he scrubbed he still felt dirty for thinking of Tony in such a depraved and pornographic way. After the cleansing Steve fell into his bed for some much needed rest hoping this little problem would go away in time.
Steve kissed Tony's warm cheek and smiled as he closed his eyes for sleep. It may not be right, and there was potentially something very wrong with him for wanting Tony in such a way, but Steve didn't regret any of it. It dawned on him as he snuggled closer to the sleeping body beside him that he may be deeper in this than he first realized...he had always loved Tony but now he knew without a doubt he had slowly transitioned to being in love with the brilliant and eccentric young man.
“Just keep vital areas protected. We cannot let him get that stone!” Tony ordered his A.I. companion. With a groan Tony stood up just in time to attempt a block from Thanos' fist by crossing his forearms. The infinity gauntlet already with four of the stones embedded into it, pushed down upon Tony's arms to break his block. With a shout Tony pushed against Thanos, his left arm was screaming in pain from the healed fractures he had sustained only a year ago. The HUD of the Iron Man suit was scrolling through a number of errors and his video feed even cut out sporadically.
Tony looked up at her quickly. “No-No nothing like that. It was consensual, but it really shouldn't have happened.”
Steve rose up onto his knees and sank back down, he repeated the motion, rolling his hips with it to create fluid natural motion. Tony's cock slid out of him, the friction sweet on Steve's stretched rim.
“Yeah the tiny fainting ones. They're fun.” That had started it all, every time they talked of the future of what could be they kept coming back to the farm. The quiet, the tranquility, a retirement but enough to keep them occupied. Tony could convert a basement into a lab space, and Steve could have an art room with natural light. After they had defeated Thanos and returned the world to it's natural state they had come to realize it hadn't been all talk. Steve of course had expected Tony to go back to Pepper, and he had been speechless when Tony came to him to tell him that he had broken the engagement with her.
They should stop this. Now. “I'm nothing special, and there are plenty of people in the world that would be perfect for you. You just haven't met them yet. ” Steve didn't want to stop the conversation though, even with his better judgment telling him to. There was a thickness in the air, a tension that was nearly malleable.
“You can say nerd. I won't be offended, and I think I would have given you a chance. I mean you probably would have been like Rhodey. Seeing this punk ass little shit scared out of his wits on campus and being the only one to help out instead of scoffing.” Steve wasn't freaking out on him. Telling him this was an inappropriate conversation or that Tony had something wrong with him for liking boys too.
“No.” Steve interrupted. “Maybe this is crazy, but I haven't felt alive in months and tonight you gave that to me. Please...let me do this.” Steve waited again for what felt like ages as Tony considered his offer. Tony turned onto his side to face Steve and he leaned in to press a kiss to his cheek.
Tony looked confused, but shrugged nonchalantly. “Knock yourself out...I'm not entertaining though...Pepper used to fall asleep on that very couch.” He gestured towards the corner where a comfortable sitting area had been set up. Tony felt a tightness in his chest that had nothing to do with the arc reactor. Even saying her name made him feel the loss. He cleared his throat and returned to work. No. He wouldn't go down that road.
“Not exactly.” Steve replied with a soft smile. “I was just wondering if we ever would have done this if we hadn't been doused with that pollen.”
Steve couldn't stand there and watch any more, he had to go and get away from all the pain and death surrounding him. He needed a minute away just so he could breath, the air within the palace felt too stale and stifling, nearly suffocating. He felt smothered, like all the air was being sucked out of him. He walked out of the palace to the outside and just kept moving unaware of where exactly he was going, there was no destination just...away.
Which was how he found himself in this predicament. Steve had been itching to practice on his life drawing of human anatomy, but models were pricey and he couldn't ask that of lord Pierce, even though he knew his host would present him with any model of his choice. Steve couldn't bring himself to ask such a favor, it just felt like too much and he didn't want to feel as if he were taking advantage of anyone's generosity. For the time he had taken to sketching the handmaiden's and servants as he had seen them bustling about the halls and chambers. The moments however, were fleeting and often his chosen subject was long gone before he had time to finish or add any real details. His leather bound sketchbook was filled with scribbled drawings, messy, capturing more movement than actual definition of the subject. Often Steve found himself nearly asking them to stay still just for a few moments, but they were busy and he certainly wouldn't want anyone to be scolded for unfinished chores around the keep.
“I...” Steve began. “I don't want you to feel obligated just because of your profession.” There was a small fleeting look of sadness that crossed Tony's face.
“Take a cold shower and try to get some rest. Read something boring, try not to think about-” Tony waved his hand around for emphasis. “-you know
With a heavy sigh Steve tried to think of something else, it was too soon to expect anything more of Tony after how he had been so thoroughly used. Tony had to be sore this morning with how vigorous the two of them had been with their love making. The shower stopped and Tony walked out with a towel, he glanced briefly towards Steve and the bed he appeared to waver for a moment before going to the walk in closet to change. This wasn't exactly boding well so Steve sat up and rubbed at his face to wake himself up further.
“Identity yourselves. This is general Okoye of the Wakandan army, and you are trespassing onto our borders.” She pulled away and glanced over to the others as they waited for answer. “If you do not answer we will be forced to take hostile action.”
Tony thought this had to be a dream, here they were in a hotel room, he was naked on his back with Steve Rogers above him, thrusting his cock into his ass. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's waist, and held onto Steve's back as he gasped, writhed and moaned with each thrust. It was a bit uncomfortable at first, Steve was big, and it had been some time since Tony had bottomed for a man, but shortly the burn and discomfort was replaced with the most intense pleasure he had ever felt.
“That's it sweetheart, just feel me, making you feel so good.” Tony panted as he picked up his pace, Steve tightened his grip on Tony's hips and unknowingly began to help in lifting him up and pulling him, impaling him back down on his cock. “Oh wow honey, oh sweet thing that is-mmm-that is hot.” Tony chanted as he encouraged Steve to manhandle him some more. Steve was thrusting his hips now, he needed more of that heat, more of Tony's tight wet hole taking him in, stroking, squeezing him so wonderfully.
Tony chuckled lightly in response. “You just want an excuse to have my hands all over you.” Steve shrugged lightly in response.
Tony was losing the battle his mind was growing fuzzy as his rational thought was pushed further, and further back. He tried to hold onto it for Steve's sake, but his resolve was slipping, and the wet warmth of Steve's mouth, the rubbing and tugging of the centipede's legs was becoming increasingly distracting. Tony felt the sweat begin to prickle across his skin as his body temperature steadily increased, and with that an ache so strong, his cock was throbbing as if he were already on the verge of orgasm.
“Tony...” Steve said in exasperation but he couldn't deny that the little grub in the cage did in fact have a rather uniquely phallic appearance. He just didn't want to give Tony the satisfaction of admitting it.
The alarms were blaring in Tony's armor as Thanos' massive frame blocked out the light before him. Tony raised a hand up to fire a repulser blast at the figure, but Tony had been grabbed and hurled across the debris filled field. He rolled, catching himself by digging his armor covered fingers into the dry dirt beneath him and bracing with a knee. He stood, forcing himself upright while FRIDAY was declaring all the major points of damage he was sustaining.
Steve moaned sinfully from the aggressiveness of the thrust. The head of Tony's cock had rammed into his prostate, the suddenness and intensity of the pleasure that jolted through him made his own dick spurt some precome onto the floor. The centipede swayed to the right and shot the stringy webbing around Tony's right wrist, it did the same on the left and reared itself back pulling Tony's hands away from Steve's hips. It curved its body into an S shape with its head reared back, and holding Tony's arms in the strong thread-like webbing. Its lower half was curved up along Tony's ass, its own penis sheathed inside of his body. It moved, in a wave like motion driving its length deep into Tony, the force pushing his own hips forward, and his own cock deep into Steve. It was using Tony to fuck Steve.
“What you went through, what we both went through isn't something that any sane person could simply walk away from without some...” Steve could sense that Tony was attempting to be very tactful with how he phrased everything. It bothered him that Tony felt he needed to be handled so delicately. “Without some sort of lasting mark.” Tony finished. “It's okay to not be okay.”
“Ah-Tony-yes!” Steve panted as he stroked himself faster, his cock sliding into his fist as the hot coil of heat intensified in his groin. He bit his lip letting a small whimper escape as he masturbated to the thought of Tony giving him a blow job. Tony would take him in, deep-throating and moaning around him, the vibration sending pleasant shivers up Steve's spine. “Ah-oh right there-almost yes!” Steve felt his climax quickly approaching. His balls drew up tight as he reached the edge and came with a shout, his cock spurting his hot cum onto his hand on stomach. Steve spent what felt like several minutes riding out the waves of the pleasure as his cock continued to pulse with the intense orgasm. He stroked himself through it, drawing out the last few drops from his spent cock. Steve let out a sigh and sank into his bed feeling loose and satisfied. That was until the guilt crept up on him and Steve felt the heat of a shameful blush rise up to his cheeks.
Perhaps it was better this way. This was his guilt and conscience telling him that what he had been attempting was wrong. Steve shouldn't be getting off to the memories of his experience with the centipede and Tony, if so what kind of person did that make him? A heavy knot formed in the pit of Steve's stomach as he towel dried himself after the shower. He was better than this. Steve Rogers wasn't that sort of perverted deviant was he? For the time Steve chalked it up to being an unforeseen side-affect. Perhaps in a few days he would return to having a normal sexual appetite. One that didn't involved his handsome team-mate and begging to be filled with his impressively sized dick.
Tony whimpered in response, he was so close but he needed that extra little push. He moaned as Steve continued thrusting into him, each glide into him hitting his prostate sending hot jolts of pleasure through him and to his cock.
“No you're fine, it's the fabric. Having trouble with some of these folds with how you have it wrapped.”
“You're sweet, but I cannot let you do that.” He said as he stood up from the bed and walked over to the chaise to pick up his sash and retie it around his waist. Steve didn't understand he was certain Tony would have agreed, he left the bed himself, still naked, but not caring as he followed Tony who was headed for the door.
Tony shifted and crawled over to Steve and laid down beside him, the centipede shifted its body to make room and even pressed its body up close to Tony cushioning them both. Steve turned his head and looked over Tony with hungry eyes. He reached over, curling his fingers into Tony's dark hair and pulled him forward. They kissed, desperate and aggressive, Tony gripped his own cock and began to stroke himself. Steve was panting heavily, his mouth hung open as the suckling mouth continued its assault. He felt something, wet and slippery sliding into him and probing further. It-it had a tongue? Steve's body shuddered and he arched his back up from the floor.
At the edge of the city in the safety of the trees and foliage Steve dropped to his knees and covered his face letting the grief, the sadness, all his despair out. He shouted as the tears trailed down over his face. It was too much, it was all too much. Heaving wracking sobs burned through him as he mourned the loss of his friends, for the people he had failed on Earth...for Tony and his suffering. Tony, who he should have been fighting alongside with. Perhaps the outcome would have been different had they all been there for the battle together.
“Harder!” Tony begged. “Please Steve harder.” Tony was spent already from Steve's thoroughly satisfying blow job, but even though he wouldn't be cumming for a second time that night the experience of being railed was still immensely gratifying. Steve was more than happy to oblige Tony's request. His thrusts grew more shallow and rough, fucking Tony thoroughly. The force of his movement had Tony rocking with his motion and the bed frame creaked noisily beneath them. “Ah-Ah-AH!” Tony choked off moans with each of Steve's thrusts.
Tony held Steve's hips down as he ground his hips up to drive himself deeper, his back arched up from the bed as he reached an intense climax. Tony moaned and it was the most beautiful sound to Steve hearing the man come. He felt the wet splash of Tony's seed spilling inside of his ass and filling him as he had so desperately wanted. Steve reached down and fisted his cock furiously until he too came adding to the already obscene amount of come he had spurted over Tony earlier.
Steve nodded.  “Yeah.  It’s a shame no one ever figure out a way to make dirty clothes clean again.” His head tipped to the side, his eyes narrowed.  “Maybe a machine of some sort.  That could just-” He made an ‘I don’t know’ sort of gesture with his free hand.  “Fix the problem of clothing that had become dirty.”
“Spoilsports, all of you.”  Yawning, Darcy tore into the wrapping paper. She held up the box, which was emblazoned with a cartoon picture of a cat sitting on top of a pile of boxes.  “Aw, yeah!  It’s a subscription to cat hat of the month club!”
Sam nodded.  “It's entirely possible, and speaking of that, Jan stopped by.  She wanted me to make it clear to you that just because you were dumb enough to get yourself injured-”
Nat didn't react.  She just pivoted on one foot, the movement smooth and easy.  “Then come and stretch, please.”
"Yes, ouch.  Rhodey was handsome and kind and warm and open, and Tony had been in a truly horrible boarding school situation since he was seven, surrounded by boys from families as rich, and as messed up as his was, so...”  She shrugged, and there was something sad in her eyes.  Something resigned.  “It's easy to confuse kindness, and friendship, for something more, when your frame of reference is that skewed.”
“I’m an old woman, so perhaps something a bit on the slower side?” May folded her apron and set it on the back of a chair.  She dusted her hands together, firm and   “Officer?”
“Here I am,” Tony agreed, spreading his arms wide.  He gave her a wicked smile.  “Surrounded by temptation.”
There was a beat of stillness, as the man stared at him from behind the smudged lenses of his glasses.  Tony could almost see the instant where the situation sank in, and then the clerk scrambled for the back of the counter.
His feet hit the polished marble of the great hall, and he caught the end of the banister with one hand, using it to swing himself around.  He nearly ran face first into Jarvis, who was just inside the alcove, slumped forward, his face covered with one shaking hand.
“You were here making words and swearing at your computer under your breath, and I was out there.”  Jesse waved an idle hand in the air.  “Investigating.  Reporting.  Investigative reporting.”
He was tired.  So tired.  The act of drawing the noodles up on the tines of the fork was almost more than he could manage.  The first bite took everything he had, just to manage it.  He let his eyes slide shut again, focusing on the act of chewing, of swallowing,
“I think it’s a bizarre form of penance,” Rhodey said.  He struggled into a sitting position.  “Or maybe-”
Steve backed off, one step, then another.  “Yes,” he said, and he bent over to collect the remains of the paper.  “You always do.”  With a grin and a wink, he was jogging across the lobby, strips of paper trailing from his hand like streamers in his wake.
She laughed, and it was watery and weak, but it was a real laugh.  “And if you can’t?” Her eyes tipped up to meet his.  “What then?”
Rogers leaned forward.  “Get to work, Mr. Stark.”  He chuckled, and the warmth of his breath ghosted against the curve of Tony's ear, making him shiver.  “Impress me.”
“We think it's a cat,” Tony told her, his chin braced on one hand.  “For our own mental health, we've decided to agree that it's a cat.”
“I think so.”  Steve’s hand flexed on his reins, and Nomad danced under him, disliking the pressure on his mouth.  Steve made an effort to relax.  “But we need to wait for the others, in any case.”  He looked at Okoye.  “I don’t want us getting separated.”
Benito was already shaking his head.  “We are dead center of the lunch rush,” he said, his knife a blur as he chopped.  “Let’s cut to the chase.”
Eli laughed.  “No, thanks.”  He slid down in the chair, his hands folded over his stomach.  “Following these two losers into the food truck business.”
Steve crept across the room, giving the cat an idle scratch on the head before he pulled DJ's blankets back up.  DJ half rolled over, and the cat stood, stretched, and followed him, lying down against the small of his back.  “Keep him warm, okay?” Steve whispered to Furbro, who reached out with one paw, swatting idly at his fingers.  Laughing under his breath, Steve slipped back out of the room, pulling the door shut behind him.
Pepper shut the door behind him, turning to face Hammer without releasing the doorknob.  She smiled, slow and deliberate.  “Now, Mr. Hammer,” she said, pitching her voice for that soothing, coaxing tone that made stupid men relax, sure that they had the upper hand.  “I'm sure that we can reach some sort of accord.”
"I told you specifying a location would make a mess of it," Tony said.  "You should've just gone with 'surprise marriage.'"
“No,” Bruce yelled back from the other side of the kitchen.  He ducked down, just far enough to meet their eyes under the rows of gleaming copper pans.  “Whatever you’re doing over there, taking my name in vain, the answer, uh, is no.”
“Stay away from the guest list, it is carefully considered to keep us on diplomatic terms with our peers,” Jan said, her hands braced on the table.  “But no.”  She lifted the lid from the box and pulled out what looked like a a cluster of mistletoe leaves with oversized white berries sculpted out of metal.  She held it up and gave it a shake, and the berries rang like bells, a high, bright swirl of notes.
“Sure, but right now, we’ve got men in your position who aren’t paying ransoms on their own children or grandchildren,” Steve said.  “So the idea that someone would go to all that trouble, all that effort, for a child who isn’t even yours by blood, with the assumption that you’d pay?   Or even that they could use him to lure you out?”
For a long moment, Obie just studied Tony, his face unreadable.  Then, slowly, he smiled.  “Never doubt that you are your father’s son,” he said, his head falling forward.   He took a step back from the table, and leaned over.  When he straightened up, there was a rook in his fingers.   He held it out to Tony.  “Some days, you are his spitting image.”
Tony held out a hand to him.  “And we didn't get to choose our dinner menu or our desserts or our appetizers.  Let's go choose our champagne.”
“Yeah, the kitchen’s the best room of the house anyway,” Peter said, and DJ hopped down the stairs ahead of him.  Peter glanced back at Steve, a worried look on his face, and Steve gave him a smile.  Peter smiled back, and Steve waited until they were both through the door at the bottom of the stairs before he continued into the main hall.
“Yeah, so does everyone else in the room, so, I’m going to thank you for your rare show of good sense,” Fury said.  To DJ, he added, “We’re trying to get in touch with our Stephen Strange, but as of yet, no luck.”  He leaned back in his chair, his arms crossed over his chest.  “All the numbers we’ve got come back with the same message, and we’ve gotten an ‘out of office’ reply to our emails and texts.  At this point, we’re looking at sending a team over to the Sanctorum, but as you might guess, that place has a solid ‘no solicitors’ policy, so if he doesn’t want us making it past the fence, we likely won’t.”
Jan gave a little hop.  "I know," she said, grinning so wide that it looked like it might hurt.  "Didn't I do a good job?"  She tipped her head to the side, fluttering her eyelashes at Tony.  "Tell me I did a good job."
Steve looked at the tray.  He reached out, lifting the cloche to peek at the plate underneath and releasing a fragrant cloud of warm air, heavily scented with bacon and warm syrup.  “You’re awful bossy, anyone ever tell you that?”
"Right, you got it," Tony said, and DJ grinned up at him.  He tipped out a drawer, grabbing for the next thing.  Screws.  Nails.  Wood that had been rubbed smooth, metal that had been cut in intricate waves.  DJ considered each one, like a puzzle piece, like a riddle, matching tools to their work, one after another, keeping Tony busy with words and shapes, his pencil darting over every square inch of the paper.
Jesse's hand fell back to the bed.  “That's my source.  From the airport.  The weird American plane just requested clearance to leave.”
"I will have you murdered," Tony said, holding the coffee cup up like a ward between them.  "Don't you-"
The light dipped and swirled in front of him, and his head twisted to follow it.  “Come along now.”  The voice was amused.  “Let’s see what she has to say about you.”
He paused, his hand on the doorknob.  "Well, I know everyone, Miss.  But-"  He grinned again, this one wide and bright.  "Bet you mean DJ."
“Right.  I’m behaving.  I’m totally behaving.  I don’t want a dog,” Peter said, and Tony gave him a disbelieving look.  His mouth worked.  “All right, I do, I do want a dog, but that’s not what this is about.”
“I appreciate it,” Clint said, as Darcy let go of his wrist.  He moved his arm, and the piece of armor stayed in place.  “Good enough.”
“I think I can safely echo something a wise, kind man said to me once,” Tony mused.  “And say, ‘being sorry’s fine, but let’s try to be better.’”
That was a horrifying thought.  Tony pinched the bridge of his nose.  “How much charcoaled marshmallow is on my counters?”
Steve looked up, and found Tony’s eyes.  Tony shrugged, his face set, and Steve exhaled.  “For now.  He’s supposed to have some more information for us tonight.  We’ll…”  He straightened up, and Tony resumed his pacing.  “Things might change, after that.”
“Yes, but we will make popcorn only so we can string popcorn garlands,” Tony said.  “You can’t eat any of the-”
Ty’s lips curled back in a snarl.  “Despite your best efforts, no,” he said, and on the other side of the table, Justin shifted in his seat, his shoulders hunched forward.
The next thing he knew, he was hit from behind, a heavy body bearing him straight down to the carpeted floor.
“We’re not doing a sit down dinner, Jan, we’re not even doing a casual meal.” He shook his head.  “We’re doing a glorified cocktail party.  The food’s going to be a little bit more substantial than that, but most of what we’re looking at here is finger food, it’s appetizers, right?”
“They're fine!”  Steve managed to grab the trailing leg of a pair of pants and used it to drag Jan to a stop.  “Give me my clothes,” he said, trying not to laugh.
Tony glanced back at him, the light catching on the plane of his cheek, on the angle of his jaw.  “It’s fine,” he said, and he was still moving, moving away, and Steve’s anxiety spiked.
“I kept most of my prototypes at home,” Tony pointed out.  “The weapons, sure, that was all in the SI databanks, but not the new stuff.”
The words trailed away as he realized that the workshop was empty.  He paused, his eyes narrowing into slits.  "Something's missing here."   DJ held up a piece of paper, never bothering to remove the cloth from his head.  Tony reached out to take it from him.  "Thank you.  Very helpful.  If you're interested in a position as my secretary, you should reconsider this, because it's a horrible idea."
“Kisses are the best rewards,” Tony agreed.  “Stay here with Steve, then?”  DJ nodded.  “Right.  All my best boys in one place, now, stay out of trouble.”  He leaned over, kissing Steve on top of his head.
Steve moved in, at the exact moment that Tony stood, and suddenly, they were there, chest to chest, face to face.  They both froze, and Tony was there, his eyes wide and dark and Steve’s heart stuttered to a stop.
The room was empty, but still warm from the remains of the fire still smoldering in the hearth.  Steve reached for the lamp on the side table, not sure if Tony had finished the repair work on the light fixture.  DJ peered over the top of the tabletop, his fingers stroking over the green velvet.  Smiling, Steve picked up a ball from the rack, rolling it across the table towards DJ.  DJ caught it, rolling it back and forth between his hands.
DJ held up his bag.  “I have armor,” he said.  “It flies.”  Tony turned around to stare at him, and DJ smiled.  “I fly.”
Jarvis stepped inside the bedroom, a tin box in one hand.  He closed the door behind him with his usual brisk efficiency.  “I came to see if you needed any help with packing.”
Tony’s lips went thin.  “Of course you are.”  He shook his head.  “Not surprising, but still an annoyance.”
“So, that's all I have to do?” Tony asked, his fingers relaxing, his hands going flat against Steve's chest.  “Dare you?  Tell you that you can't do something, and you've got to prove me wrong?”
Probably pretty bad.  He took a deep breath.  "I want it known that I object to this," he said, and he was proud of himself for how steady his voice was.  "This is inefficiency at its worst, and you're the one who-"
Steve'd chosen the bedroom as far from the master suite as he could get.  But every time he went back to the elevator, he found himself staring up that hallway.  And half the time, he got off the elevator and forgot which way he was supposed to go.  After six or so trips today, he still found himself going left instead of right.   When it happened for the third time in as many trips, he stopped, wanting to beat his head against the uncaring door.  At least this time he was alone when he found himself standing directly in front of the door to Tony's bedroom, his arms locked around a box, doing his best not to reach for the doorknob.
DJ shook his head, his fingers still smoothing along the edges of the envelope, as if learning the weight and texture of it.  “Saving it,” he said.
“Right. Fuck.” Tony threw back the cold dregs of his coffee, ignoring the way his stomach had started to churn. "Who-"
“Wonderful, truly feeling the love here,” Tony said, right before Pepper caught his arm, tugging him to a stop.  She brushed a light, gentle kiss against Tony's cheek.  He gave her a look.  “Was that supposed to placate me?  Remove the desire to blow up objects which are technically company property?”
Harris looked at Tony, who met his eyes and shrugged.  Harris sighed, not sure why he expected anything different.  Why would either of them have any idea what to do or say?  He smiled at DJ, who smiled back, faint and strained, but still a smile.  “It’s…  Okay not to be okay,” Harris offered.
“And second of all,” Tony said, slamming the car back into gear.  “I’m going to punch your father in the fucking nose.”
“No, I'm quite certain I'd remember if there were any other failures in my long and distinguished career, it'll just be you in a giant marble building, we'll throw some neo-classical columns up, arches, portcullises, that kind of shit, it'll be very, very impressive, and then it'll just be you sitting on a little marble podium and-”
Tony’s eyes flicked in Steve’s direction, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “I mean, you could try.  He seems very durable.”
But his phone was doing a little sideways shimmy across the edge of the sink, and he reached out to steady it before it ended up on the tile.  And once he was that far out, it seemed stupid to go back in.  Sighing to himself, he turned off the water and reached for a towel.  A few quick swipes of his hands and the plush terrycloth, and he was dry enough to risk the phone again.
Tony had the gauntlets on, one hand up, the repulsor glowing with barely leashed energy.  Behind him, Fury had his sidearm out and ready.  Tony took in the situation with a single glance.  “What’s going on?”
Stark frowned down at the page.  “Miss Potts is out of her mind,” he said.  “I don't need a guard.”  He looked up.  “I don't need a guard.”
Steve was blotting at the coffee that had spilled on the sheets, his face tense.  “Leave it, it’s fine,” Tony said, tossing the flower onto the breakfast tray.   Steve gave him a look, and Tony couldn’t quite manage to hide his smile.
Bucky blinked at him, his mouth stretched wide over the end of an enormous burrito.  He made a noise, a rumble of sound that might've been a word.
“Thanks for that vote of confidence, Buck,” Steve said, scraping the bottom of his bowl with his spoon, and reaching for the pot.
“It is currently five thirty am on December 21st,” Jarvis said.  “The current temperature is 32 degrees F.”
“Yeah, it's...  I'm very confused how this became my life,” Clint said.  “Only thing that saves it for me is that Tony is way more confused.”
The servants’ staircase let out in a narrow hallway that ran in an almost invisible space between the main rooms on the second floor.  It had taken him a long time to memorize all of the twisting back corridors, the hidden spaces that most visitors to the house never saw, but by now he knew it like the back of his hand.
"Oh my God, am I that early?" Maya came dashing past him, around the end of the counter and towards the stockroom, the tails of her coat flapping in her wake.  "I cannot be that early."
"I like a challenge," Jesse said.  "Also, not much to go by.  Usually, famous people, you have horrible paparazzi photos to mock.  Him?  Not so much."
“We both know he isn’t,” Stark agreed.  “So.  Yes.  I did it first, and I did it at  a worse time, when we were all at our breaking point, and I did it knowing that I was going to hurt you..”
“Right,” Tony said.  He grabbed the carafe of orange juice and filled the cup with that, instead.  “Eat something.  There’s eggs and, I don’t know, sausage?”  DJ took the cup from him with a murmured ‘thank you,’ and Tony lifted the lid on the nearest platter.  “Waffles?”
“And yet, you’re resisting because you can’t bear to make a mess that the housekeeping staff would have to clean up, or to waste food,” Tony told him.  DJ, who had been digging through the platters, moved a few closer to him, well out of Harris’ reach.
“Oh, can I be your campaign manager?” Tony asked, sitting up straight on his crate.  “I specialize in pointed barbs and smear tactics.”
Steve knew he was tensing up, and couldn't seem to do anything about it.  “Well, that is definitely a lie.”
Tony knew what that was like.  “Of all my traits to inherit,” he said, settling DJ back on the couch, “you had to choose the insomnia.  C'mon kid, what are you thinking?”  He glanced up at DJ's bed, but trying to move him seemed like a bad idea.  Instead, he started moving the rest of the junk off of the couch.  “This is pretty much the worst thing you could choose.”
Steve took it from him.  It had a solid weight for its size, and he let it fall into his lap.  “Thank you.”
"Not that one, I need-" Stark started, and Jarvis flipped the rod around, balancing it on his gloved palms.  Tony glared at him.  "Not that one."
“Western civilization is surprisingly fragile,” Tony pointed out.  “I've destroyed it at least six times.”
DJ’s fingers plucked at the cap of the water bottle.  His eyes darted towards Harris.  “Can I borrow a shirt?” he asked, his voice soft.
“Excellent, that’s a great soundbite, we can put that in my Smithsonian exhibit,” Steve agreed.  Jarvis opened the elevator for them, and Steve slipped in.  “I love you.”
Tony struggled not to smile as Jarvis knotted the tie, settling the strip of silk in place and adjusting Tony's collar.  “Do you pay extra for the 'I told you so's, Jarvis?”
The boy crouched, his hands spread at his sides, his weight balanced on the balls of his feet.  He was breathing fast, his body jerking with the force of it, but he didn't flinch and he didn't look away.
“But most important,” Stark said, one hand holding his cape in place.  “I want it known that I am, in fact, the king of kites.”
Steve reached for the flute in front of him.  “To us,” he said, tapping his glass to Tony's.  “And expanded horizons.”
Bruce exhaled, a weak little laugh.  "No murder, Tony."  He wiped a shaking hand over his mouth.  "Let's...  Let's not murder anyone."
They walked in companionable silence across the lawn, down to the greenhouse, leaving footsteps in the dew-damp grass.  He finished his scone just as they reached the door.  “Why do I think it’s not going to be locked tonight?” he said, as she reached for the handle.
He turned back to Tony, a gun held easily one hand.  “So now we have a choice.  We can stand up, and you can come with me.  We’re going to go and sign a few papers, just some simple little contracts, moving some assets into my name.  And when that’s over, you’ll be of no further use for me.
May reached up, her fingers stroking against his cheek.  “No, Mr.  Stark.  I don’t think I will.”  She took a step back, wiping her hands on her apron with brisk, efficient movements.  “And I will thank you not to tell me how to raise my nephew.”
Steve shoved the blankets back and climbed out of bed.  At this point, anything was more productive.
“Don’t worry, I won’t tell her,” Tony said, waving him off.  He cradled the vase in the crook of his arm, his chin up, his smile picture perfect.  “Besides, we can crown the Queen of the Holidays with these.”  He turned that smile on Steve.  “Thanks, I’ll make sure Jan puts them in a place of honor.”
“No.  You're not.  Because we're going to do everything possible to make sure you're not,” Pepper said.  She glanced back at Rogers.  “At the very least, maybe he'll make someone think twice about trying again.”
“Yes.  Yes, it is,” Clint said.  He sounded pleased.  He gestured with the box.  “Did they have cat ears?”  She gave him a look, and he nodded.  “Of course they have cat ears.”
“Watch your mouth,” Isaiah said, pointing a spatula at Eli, who just grinned.  Isaiah shook his head.  “Food truck business isn't what it used to be.”  He handed the platter to Steve, and wandered into the living room.  “Used to be for the poor folk, you know.  The ones who couldn't afford to eat at a proper restaurant, or couldn't leave the job site long enough to have sit down meal.”  He leaned on his cane.  “Trucks like mine, we went to the blue collar workers, driving down to the docks or setting up in the alleys down by the factories.  Served simple fare for a fair price, hot and fast.
His hand went towards his back before he could stop it, the movement still as natural as breathing.  But there was nothing there, his fingers closing on empty air.  Tony was just ahead of him, moving down the wide marble stairs of the porch towards the lawn.  “Tony!”
Tony grinned.  “I'm very delicate,” he agreed.  He reached for a circuit board.  “Spit it out, Storm.”
DJ just curled up tighter, his knees tucked against his chest, his fingers tugging hard at the fabric of his pants.
Steve looked down at himself at Tony almost disbelieving that this was happening that he had his cock buried in a man's ass, that Tony a concubine was letting him do this. Tony was gorgeous perched on his lap as he was, his body sculpted perfection in Steve's eyes. “I-I...don't...” Steve stammered. “What...do I do?”
“Make sure you are in full containment gear just in case. I'd hate for there to be another incident.” Steve said while trying to ignore those inappropriate thoughts.
In his solace Tony drank from his father's stash, not a lot but enough to feel that warm bubbly feeling. He was working on some programming for his bot “Dummy” to fix some glitches he was running into. Unfortunately he was a bit limited on his home computer so it was taking hours longer than he had originally planned. Tony's concentration was broken when he heard a knock on the door. A glance at the clock told him it was nearing 8:00pm, it certainly seemed a little late for a house call. Tony got up from the desk and opened the door and was met with a graduation cake shoved into his face.
“Thanks but I'm on the liquid diet.” Tony replied while raising his coffee mug for emphasis. Steve just playfully rolled his eyes.
Steve gave her a firm nod. “Do it.” Steve looked to Thor next, thankful to have a being of such power and strength on their side. “Do you know of any allies, anyone at all that could be out there willing to offer their help to us?”
Tony glanced down at Steve's offered hand and paused. His first instinct was to ignore it, give him a low five like a bro and act as if it were some sort of team camaraderie. Only Tony couldn't because he didn't want that, and he couldn't bear to see the shattered expression that Steve would surely give him. This...unnamed thing...was so much stronger than he had realized.
“Tony? Tony wait!” Steve called to him, but Tony was already hitting the button for the doors to close. Steve jogged up to the elevator, but he was too late. He pressed his palms against the door and rested his forehead against the metal surface. This was what Steve had been afraid of...he had come to this terrifying conclusion on his run. The possibility for Tony's behavior for avoiding him that morning.
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony. “I...I'm happy to have made your first time good.” Steve replied softly. He held Tony close to him and lightly traced his fingers along his sweaty skin.
Tony slipped his hands down further over his flat stomach and let the leather rub over his thighs. He teased himself not going straight for his cock just exploring and touching everywhere around it. Steve would be thorough he liked to have a plan, he never went straight in for the goal. Tony skirted his fingers around his groin and dipped a single digit below his balls and lightly grazed the pad up and over the taught skin. Tony shivered and went more bold, cupping and fondling his balls and the texture of the leather gloves created a brilliant contrast of sensations prickling through his skin.
When Steve finally awoke and found he was in a coherent state he gazed around his immediate surroundings in confusion and alarm. It was dark now, and he was propped up in a medical bed, but when he moved to sit up further he found both his wrists held securely to the bed in restraints. He knew he was within Avengers tower as he recognized their medical center, but this room was different from the others. Only one section had a locking security door. Steve was locked within the quarantine zone.
Steve bobbed his head so Tony's length was sliding in and out of his mouth wetly, he swallowed around the cock, his throat flexing, his mouth sucking down harder on it. Tony was moaning now, his hands tightened into fists in Steve's hair as he rocked his hips involuntarily. With a light cough Steve pulled back and took in a needed breath before he moved back in to tease with his tongue laving it against the head, lapping up more of the precum beading at the slit.
“Oh-Oh my-oh my god!” Steve moaned in surprise when another sudden and nearly painful orgasm rocked through him. His entire body seized up and his mouth hung open as he heaved in and out harsh panting breaths. He made another mess across his stomach and all over the centipede, the fluids coated and dribbled over several of the centipede's legs. It released Steve's overworked cock finally. and slipped its penis out from him, it spread its red legs apart, filmy sticky strands of the filthy evidence of Steve's pleasure coated and strung between the appendages. Steve wasn't in the right mind set to even feel ashamed.
The concubine stayed silent for a moment, his eyes dark orbs in the lower candlelight bore into Steve making the blonde shift slightly in his seat in discomfort. Steve suspected he was being measured up in a sense, maybe they didn't use names? Or was he supposed to know already? He was about to apologize when the concubine spoke up at last.
That made Tony hiss slightly in discomfort, so Steve kissed him again in attempt to distract from the ache. “You're doing so good Tony.” Steve praised. “So-so good.” He whispered as he worked his fingers into Tony, scissoring them apart to stretch him further. Once the initial pain had eased, Tony was rocking his hips back against Steve with small gasps and moans of pleasure. After Steve had managed three fingers inside the brunette was writhing beneath him on the bed with loud groans and jumbled words of ecstasy. Steve took a moment to relish the view before him, Tony panting, naked and covered in a light sheen of sweat, with his legs spread and rocking his hips to chase the pleasure. The arc reactor cast a blue glow between them and Steve felt his breath catch at the gorgeous lines of shadow against the light.
"Oh well that's good then." Tony said, leaning in a bit closer. Steve probably thought he was bluffing that Tony wasn't capable of following through, but he'd show him. Tony set his hand on Steve's knee. "but I think that's you trying to challenge me which in turn makes me believe that I have piqued your interest." He slid his hand up Steve's thigh. "So perhaps you could give me a hint Steve....what's a handsome guy like you looking for? from someone like me?"Any second....he knew Steve would slap his hand away stand up and walk out...any second...
, that Iron Man was always wanted, but Tony Stark? No one wanted Tony Stark. No one wanted his—no one wanted
She placed the last of her folded clothes in the basket very deliberately and very carefully, because she would not show how incredibly infuriated she was at the moment. “You didn’t give me a choice. You banished Clint here, when he was in no mental state to be banished, and then sent Steve here as well. Both of them have not a friend in the world and need someone to be around in order to keep them from… I couldn’t just leave them here. And you knew it.”
That was such an odd statement, and Steve was so shaky, it took him a while to realize that when he had been curled against Tony’s chest he had heard a faint, mechanical hum.
(Saark had become very careful on how to speak to Ste-Virn—Ste-Virn could see him trying, trying his best to reword what he was trying to say before it came out of his mouth. He was trying to bring up his concerns and suggestions in a way that wasn’t combative, and it was why Ste-Virn thought these past two weeks were some of the least aggressive, most positive days he had ever spent in Saark’s presence, and he’d lived with the man for nine months.)
Jealousy made no sense, Steve told himself angrily as he dragged the box down from where it was shoved high up on top of the cabinets. Why did it matter, if he couldn’t interact with Stark? Who cares? Why does it matter?
“Negotiating is how I have these two making the trip to Ryloth. The price is more than fair,” Ste-Virn whispered heatedly as he moved to follow the Rodian into the ship.
“It’s your blanket,” Steve said immediately, because even though they’d been in this house for almost two months now, and Tony was definitely more relaxed with the team, he still refused to sleep in Steve’s bed and so Steve had made sure that Tony had all the blankets he might need in New York winters.
“Yeah, everything wrapped up fine. Fury told me to tell you that he expects us to be able to be wheels up whenever necessary, and use the omega? If we need to. He didn’t really explain.” Sharon stepped outside the security room, and Steve took it upon himself to move into the kitchen and look up something to cook easily for lunch.
Then Steve remembered the surprise he had done for Tony and flushed bright red, thoughts flying from his head. “Ahh…” he began, and paused.
The Jedi temple was not particularly busy at the moment—the younglings had streamed past them because of the change of the classes, which meant as they continued their journey they only saw other masters or the messenger droids in the hallway. Ste-Virn did not particularly mind—Saark would wave, or inquire politely, even to some of the droids, but Ste-Virn always had his small circle of friends and not much wider.
Steve could understand the idea, objectively. But realistically—“There’s no way you can just be okay with Howard Stark’s grandson jumping into the military war machine when he should be set for life. You know there’s something there.”
the incredulity. They didn’t do this, ask about one another’s days or emotional states or, shit, anything of any importance. They joked around and teased and pretended like everything was abso-fucking-lutely a-okay.
“There’s, fuck, there’s a whole universe out there, and we knew that, of course we knew that, but they’re so much more advanced and they are
“How do you know these are not just records of contracted workers? How do you know that this was a slaving operation?”
After a few minutes, Rumlow glowered at the floor and said, a little bitchily but Steve could forgive that, “Yes, alpha.”
“How. The hell. I mean. I’m a literal billionaire and I don’t think I could have a team fix something up like this so quickly. I would swear that there was a fridge here yesterday.”
The words niggled something at the back of his mind, and he turned to look at Kulsi curiously. “Master Kulsi, Anotoni told me that he had asked to be added to my investigation. Then he told me that he had been as surprised as me that the Council paired us together. Which one is it?”
Tony whirled around, and fuck, his vision was so blurry, he must have been hit harder than he thought yesterday, but he could make out the wavering form of Steve Rogers and he ground out—because this was fucking
Tony rumbled in his throat, and then settled down around Steve’s neck like a scarf, tail flicking against Steve’s cheek and legs hanging on either side of Steve’s neck. A steady tremor—a purr—vibrated against Steve’s spine.
a guy, Natasha,” Clint hissed, before smoothing his clothes down and saying primly. “I’m manning the front.”
“You were right. You were right that the fight I had with Tony influenced my decision to do this, you were right that I should have trusted Tony’s scent and behaviors to show me that we were doing just fine and I shouldn’t worry about my ability to be a good alpha,” Steve said immediately, cutting her off. “It’s not, it’s not your fault, at all. If I could live with myself after my actions, they are good actions, and I should just take that.”
A soft huff—almost a laugh—and Steve realized he had said that already. Chuckling self-consciously, Steve rubbed the back of his neck and then reached out to open the door. “Yeah, I suppose I’ve said that already. I don’t know what Fury said, when he assigned you here. He—
“How about we try it, then,” Steve sighed. “I just—I don’t like—people don’t treat me. Right. When they find out what I’ve done, and I try to talk about it, I just—”
“Yeah, I get it,” Steve jumped in. “I’m not going to butt in on Sitwell’s team, or Coulson’s team, or whoever else has a long-standing omega attached to them. But here, in this team? In
Anotoni rolled onto his back, a languid smile on his face. “Ste-Virn,” he mumbled, eyes hazy. “Could feel y’comin’. Ev’ythin’s hazy.”
She blinked once, slow and considering, and then turned back to the oven. Apparently, SHIELD had multiple little places like this all around the world, little safe houses that were businesses to give validity to covers and identities, and Steve hadn’t known what to say when Fury suggested it. He didn’t know what to say for any of it, really. How did he tell a commanding officer ‘life doesn’t feel real anymore, and washing dishes after customers after the life I had and the death I had and the life I had
Anotoni—and the being that had helped him walk to the boat—were propped against the side of the boat, sitting on the deck, and Anotoni giggled again. “C’n you even
Saark squared his shoulders, brown eyes fierce as he hotly replied, “For your information, I asked to join with
to stand out. He didn’t want to stand out. If you stood out, you were remembered, and you couldn’t get a lot of information from beings who noticed you were listening in.
Ste-Virn’s mind could only think of worse-case scenarios, could only imagine what might be happening to Anotoni right now. Could only think about what had happened to Byu-Kyonn, so long ago.
For a long moment, they did not move, and then Ste-Virn pulled back, feeling his neck and cheeks heat up with a flush.
Byu-Kyonn had a point. The last update Ste-Virn had sent to the Council had been almost a week ago, and he was overdue for his regular check-in. He had pulled heavily on the discretionary budget they had been given in order to get this ship, and while he may not be a whiz at mechanics like Anotoni or Byu-Kyonn, he was a fair hand with them. Certainly didn’t crash as near many as Byu-Kyonn claimed.
But—but Tony was opening up about why he was up early, why he baked, what was bothering him. It was only fair if Steve tried as well.
“I, uh. I had them update the kitchen,” Steve said, mouth dry. It was intended as a present, but if Tony didn’t like it—
The datapad could only tell him which city, and more specifically which district, Anotoni was in—it was damaged enough that even with increased proximity, it never stopped blurring around the quadrant.
He was three steps away from the bench when Anotoni said, voice raised, “I knew you’d come. You saved me, when I was unable to save myself.”
people who did not know the Saark heir was a Jedi, just that he was a rich, silent partner in a large conglomerate.
“Well…” Steve felt very uncomfortable with it all, but he also didn’t want to force Tony to sleep on the bed if Tony did not want to sleep on the bed. “Will you at least… take a pillow and a blanket?”
Roughly clearing his throat, Saark reached out, and unthinkingly, Ste-Virn reached as well to clasp forearms with him, to give him that connection.
Natasha couldn’t keep herself from wincing. “I know,” she whispered. “I don’t want to hurt him, but just because we knew and didn’t tell him, he’s going to be hurt. I want to minimize that, but I also didn’t want it to look like I was hiding this from you.”
Not to be deterred, even though he hadn’t known that of Barton (didn’t know Barton at all, beyond his reputation), Steve continued, “—but creating this large of a team to deal with threats like this past… alien menace is premature, especially with how we’re all alphas. Not to mention that these kinds of threats
Pepper regarded her quietly for a long time. “I understand that—that your identities mean a lot. I certainly know I was upset that Tony just—just announced who he was on live television. I know what that means. And I respect your decision. But he is going to be hurt from this.”
Shifting into his lion form wouldn’t help—he’d just get more attention than he was already getting. Instead, he made his way to where the scent was the strongest, even if it wasn’t exactly ‘strong’ enough to indicate Tony was right there. Once he was close enough to the scent, he sat down under the tree. “Natasha, grab Clint and get back to the car. We’ll be heading back soon.”
Still, he didn’t enjoy the idea that omegas were pretty much nothing but a warm body. No matter how well-behaved and respectful the alpha team was, the omega had little to no say when dealing with the alphas’ ruts, and their heats were almost never really taken care of properly. Omegas knew how difficult it was for them in the military, so omegas who joined were almost always the omegas who didn’t have family, or money, or options. Even with all the claims and contracts, abuse still ran high, particularly in all-alpha teams.
It was quick work to pack his stuff—since his stuff consisted of his clothes, already in a duffel bag, his shield, and a picture of the Howling Commandos that Natasha had given him back when he had first been unthawed. When he finished, he looked around the bunk, at the nearby beds that housed other alphas and betas during their off-time or their debriefing time here on the Helicarrier.
Steve was suddenly there, pressing a kiss to Tony’s forehead, and Tony’s mind just—short-circuited. Stopped working.
“That’s right,” Director Fury sighed. “After all, it’s not like the Council can put together more than five alphas in a unit without assigning the unit an omega, now, can they?”
He couldn’t get his uncomfortable feelings out of his mind. It rubbed him raw, to think of essentially being assigned a sleeping companion, someone he’d have to deal with when he inevitably went into a rut (more likely to happen, once he was in close quarters with alphas for an extended period of time). There wasn’t anything he could do about it, either, which really was the core of his frustration. He was used to getting bad orders from the brass, and then working around them—he was used to the officers and General Phillips saying one thing and doing something different during the actual encounter—but this wasn’t something he could get around.
Since Saark was trying to calm down, Ste-Virn tried to help. “I believe that they would have been suspicious of anything you said, because you were new. I know that you would not undo months of work, but I simply worry that they picked up on something that may not even be related to our overall mission. It might be the fact that you are a Saark, it might be because you speak with an upper-class merchant accent. All I heard was the end of your conversation, and all I could see was you, buried in machinery while those two stood over you.”
Almost all of them looked blissed out on spice, some of them practically catatonic. Others flinched as he walked closer, and he put out of his mind why that would happen. Human suffering wasn’t something he would ever become inured to, but he knew that focusing on that would not allow him to accurately and safely assess how to remove all these people from this area. Surely they weren’t carried down that tunnel—that would be exhausting. And at least half of these prisoners were clearly unable to walk under their own power. There had to be another entrance—
Once alone, Saark moved closer to Ste-Virn. “I get the feeling that something’s not right here. There was no bargaining, no discussing a second person—there’s a bad feeling in the Force, here.”
Saark came to a stop, absently ruffling the hair on the top of one youngling’s head as they waved and walked past. “Ste-Virn? Is everything alright? Did something happen?” he asked, looking thankful for the break in the quick pace.
Tony shifted nervously, reaching for his boxers. “Oh. Um. Yeah, that’s what I… thought this meeting was about.”
Tony blinked once, and then lifted one eyebrow skeptically. “You’re just… going to let him shout at you?” he asked, and on the one hand, the voice, the tone, even the way that he kept his eyes averred—all of it showed respect. On the other hand, the question itself was almost insulting.
Tony huffed out a deep sigh. “Yeah, well… I just, I can’t stop seeing that—those aliens. Do you know how
“It’s fine,” Steve sighed. “I’m a new head alpha, and I know my authority is going to need to be proved, it won’t be automatic.”
speak. Steve had heard him do so. Clearing his throat, he cast about desperately for words that would in fact put this omega at ease. In the Howling Commandos, Jim Morita and Jacques Dernier had been omegas, and when the Commandos had formed, they had
The signal stayed put—the ship must have docked on the planet. Zhar, it seemed to be—one of the planets that had raised concerns about the company’s processes and legitimacy.
He must have failed, or at least, Tony Stark was used to it by now, because—though the shades gave nothing away—Stark’s mouth twisted slightly. “Look, I just want some coffee. If I give you my autograph, do you think you could keep it down?”
The fearful look disappeared and an almost dry, patronizing look took its place, one eyebrow lifted at Steve—but the omega did nothing except stare at him.
It wasn’t until he was standing in front of the doors when he realized that just because his sleeping schedule was fucked didn’t mean that everyone else’s was, and he folded his arms tight around his body. There was a bench further down; he’d just sit there.
And it was—the accurate words, the depiction, hell, Steve didn’t know, but he began laughing, which dropped into sobs within moments. Tony slowly eased Steve down to the floor, muttering under his breath, and Steve could hear nothing but Peggy’s voice, breaking in his ear as that darkness rushed to swallow him whole.
But none of that mattered, because the coffee place wasn’t open, and it wasn’t fair of him to cling to Clint when Clint was just doing a job. Oh, sure, he was tentatively certain that Clint did not in fact mind the conversations they had—but Tony was just a paying customer who tipped well. Certainly that other big guy, Steve, didn’t seem to like Tony. Tony was probably annoying everyone—he knew he was hard to handle in large doses, wasn’t that the problem with him and Pepper and him and Rhodey—
Steve walked into the kitchen to look at the huge shelves that took up the place where the fridge had once been—shelves full of industrial, value sized cooking ingredients, like flour and cocoa powder and whatever else shit Steve could research on the internet.
Steve deliberately turned his back. “I know Clint also wanted to talk to you a little. He was trying to pull me into a poker game earlier, and he may want to try his luck on you.”
“Oh? Yeah, there were some other weirdos running around, weren’t there?” Clint said super casually, ignoring the fact that Natasha, who had been in the back making some more brownies, had poked her head out of the kitchen and was frowning severely at him, making jerking motions with her chin.
With some space between them, Barton turned. He was perhaps a few inches shorter than Steve, but it didn’t seem to matter; he seemed like a bulldog, eyes flashing and shoulders squared. A canine shifter, for sure.
Steve opened his mouth to say that the waitstaff wasn’t here for Stark’s amusement or pleasure when Clint stepped out. “Hey, Steve, do you know where the replacement cups are?”
He could probably put the Asgardian envoy here. It wasn’t huge, fit for a prince, but it was definitely bigger than the other ones.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m… fine,” Tony forced out, a fake smile ghosting about his mouth and never reaching his eyes. “How are you? Out and about early, as usual.”
“That might not be what they wanted, but it’s what I want, and this is my team. You make Tony uncomfortable, so I’m going to stick around, you can fucking bet on it. Until I know that Tony isn’t uncomfortable being around you, until I know that he doesn’t jump at shadows, I’m going to keep showing him that
When Tony stopped talking, the three alphas stared at each other a moment before Natasha propped her chin up on her palm, tilting her head in that way that invited conversation, encouraged people to let their guard down around her. “That’s all you know?”
Well. He’d said some very unkind, un-Jedi-like things to Saark, had gotten flayed open in turn by Saark’s harsh tongue, and then they had done their absolute best to never be around one another since. Everyone else who knew Anotoni Saark had gone to clubs with him, had had a party in his dorm room, had gone on some field work where Saark had had some misadventure happen—except Ste-Virn.
“You continuously refuse to use the counseling services here at SHIELD, and I have to be honest—I promised Coulson I’d watch over his two special agents. I’m not about to watch you break yourself because you can’t let go of this. You’re there for as important a reason as Barton and Rogers.”
Once again, the omega was at the foot of the bed, kneeling by the trunk—but this time there was loose sweats covering the omega’s lower half, and a very thin, almost nonexistent tank covering the omega’s top half.
Ste-Virn took careful notes, identifying what was different or similar to his own cases, what methods crossed. He asked intensive questions about the ports, the types of ships, where and what security each child had.
After dealing with the customers, and realizing Tony had, in fact, fallen asleep (or passed out) in the chair, Clint turned to Natasha.
Steve grunted, leaned on the counter, and stared at the door. “To—Stark wasn’t here, this morning. He’s always here.”
A faint click was the only sound, and he looked to his left to see a man—Clint Barton, presumably—on his feet, book on the floor, gun pointed straight at Steve’s head.
The Rodian first mate took them to their quarters—nearby each other, but not exceedingly close—and showed them where they could eat and the refresher unit.
no,” Clint joked, patting Tony on the back. “No, we don’t let Steve do anything except take the pans out of the oven.”
The thing was… the thing was, in these past two weeks, they had actually worked together well. As much as they could, of course—there were quite a few tense moments, and Saark
As Ste-Virn turned to get the glassware out, Saark began outlining his investigation—the family that came to him first, the information he’d found regarding the victim, the symptoms of drug usage on the victim that had both made it impossible to use the child’s word in a court of law and left the family devastated with trying to break an addiction.
Well, if Tony’s old unit had caused those scars, that would make sense. Tony wouldn’t want to sleep anywhere near Steve.
Ste-Virn’s head popped up and he tried to straighten from his slumped over position. With a sigh, Jedi Knight Kulsi sat down next to Ste-Virn on the bench and stared forward.
Master Kulsi’s body language stayed neutral, he stayed facing forward, but he cut into Ste-Virn’s explanation in his deceptively soft, sharp voice, “Security footage can be erased. The evidence you bring before me is circumstantial at best. There are quite a few Senators from the planets around here who have invested and backed Indenaturing Mining and if we cannot give real, solid proof…” He trailed off, and finally turned to look at Ste-Virn with one eyebrow raised.
that there had to be a reason for an omega who was clearly well-bred and well-kept to choose the military. No one chose the military unless they had no other option.
“Did it work? Did your initiative work back there? Is everything fixed now?” Ste-Virn demanded—voice still low, so their pilots would not hear the two Jedi squabbling like Padawans.
Besides, the two of them probably wanted to…reacquaint themselves with one another. He didn’t need to be around for that.
“I can feel you judging me,” Tony growled, and for some reason his voice was wobbling in his throat. “And I’d like to say that
He and Sharon were talking casually in the kitchen when the front door opened, Rumlow and Banner walking through. Banner seemed extremely irritated—not a great state for the good doctor, Steve was sure—and immediately shoved past Rumlow into the kitchen. “Do we have assigned rooms?” Banner asked.
“Hold up, back up,” Steve said faintly, thinking back to the four real battles they had as a super-powered team—and the fact that, three out of the four times, Iron Man had shown up after the battle had started, and left the minute the battle had ended.
Ste-Virn could think back to that day, the day that he had gotten into the first real verbal fight with Saark since they had been assigned to work together, the first time he had made it clear that he didn’t believe Saark had changed from when they were children. When he had called Byu-Kyonn, and been made to really think about how he had behaved as a child instead of only focusing on Saark’s behavior.
catwalks, and Iron Man—Tony Stark—had caught him all times, set him back up in a different area, and veered away.
Natasha laughed, taking her empty beer bottle and the book she had been pretending to read in her hands. “Steve, you should know by now, that’s my literal job.”
At that, Steve looked up, and his eyes were too dark to tell, but there was a tension between them, a humming of energy that Tony didn’t know how to describe. “I didn’t,” Steve admitted easily. “But you don’t need to sit outside. It’s August. It’s going to get muggy. And you look like you don’t need the noises of the street right now.”
from this. She was here for Clint, and tangentially Steve as well. She was here to keep an eye on them.
“Go back to bed, Steve. Just because you heal fast doesn’t mean that you don’t feel the aches—you practically shattered your legs yesterday and they can’t be feeling good.”
,” Steve grunted, turning his head, letting his nostrils flare as he looked for that uniquely corn chip, pizza, dog hair, and gummy worm scent. And, also, he was picking up motor oil and metal, and the faintest hint of blueberries and cotton candy.
"You okay?" Mackenzie asked, handing him back his card.  She braced her hands on the counter, leaning into them, her head tipped to the side.  "You're not your usual bouncy self."
“Good to know.  I don’t like you much,” Steve told him, setting off another wave of laughter from the kids.  Steve glanced at Tony.  “I need to get them to the streetcar before Hammer leaves without them.”
“I might’ve been drop dead drunk, but I pride myself in staying upright through it,” Tony said, tossing the shirt aside. He shifted, reaching for the phone, and stopped halfway there, clutching his head. “Oh, God.”
Pepper put a gentle hand between DJ's shoulders, guiding him towards the door.  “You don't need help, do you?” she asked him, but he was already shaking his head.  “Wonderful, I could tell you were a very self-sufficient young man.”  She opened the door to the hall and ushered him through.  “There you go, you can meet me downstairs, all right?”
Steve stared back at him, caught by the color of his eyes, a warm, honey-golden brown.  His dark brows arched, an amused smile tipping his lips up, and then he set a hand gently on Steve’s elbow.  “One step to the side, please, and I’ll-”
Her lashes dipped.  "Mr. Stark has decided, in a goodwill gesture, to take in an orphaned child for a week."
“The-  Oh.”  Bruce turned it over.  “There’s a button labeled, ‘what time is it?’” he said.  “And-” He pressed it.
Steve's eyes went wide.  "Oh, well, that's less his dating history and more his, you know, sexuality."
“She and Rhodey just left,” Bobbi said, crossing her arms over her chest.  “Something about an appointment with Mr. Hargreaves down at the First National Bank.  Mr. Jarvis has the details.”
"Yes," she said, a slight smile crossing her face.  "He absolutely is." She crossed her arms over her chest, shifting her weight to one foot.  "We-"  She stopped, her mouth going tight.  "Not we, someone who-  Who isn't with the company anymore, used to say that he's teflon.  Nothing sticks."  She studied the monitor, her head tipped to the side.  "But the longer I know him, the more I think that's wrong."
DJ was flopped against his shoulder, his eyes closed, his mouth hanging open.  His breathing was soft and even, his face relaxed, and Tony shook his head.  “He...  He fell asleep.” He looked up.  “Jay.  He fell asleep on me.”
“Yes, I think you should ask Sam out,” Steve said, and words didn’t taste like copper anymore.  “No.  He’s not seeing anyone.  That’s-  That’s not a secret.  His last breakup was sad but mutual, she was a really nice lady who couldn’t handle all-”  He tugged his hand away, and she let him go.  “All of this.”
“We’ve got a hut, and half a dozen guards and a couple of dozen goats,” she said.  “And their job, their duty, was to keep him alive and that was it.  Make sure he doesn’t starve or die of dehydration, make sure that when the ‘traders’ came by, that he would be grateful to go along with them.”
Above them, Natasha appeared in the newly formed hole in the second floor office.  “That...  Wasn't me,” she said.
Instead, Tony picked up a toy from the pile, without even looking.  Something to do with his hands.  “I left you alone for a long time, and I'm sorry about that.”  He paused.  “I've left you waiting a lot, haven't I?”  He glanced up, meeting DJ's eyes.  “How much of your life has been spent waiting for me to remember you exist?”
“You think they’re going to kill you,” Steve said, bringing Nicholas’ attention back to him.  “And you think-” He twisted in his chair to look at T’Challa, who was sitting with his elbows on the table, his hands tented in front of his mouth.  “You all think they’re going to kill me, too.”
“So?” Harris asked, when she trailed away.  Someone was talking in the background, and he was pretty sure he recognized that voice.  “Who did you get a ride from?”
“I ordered a triple batch of Crab Rangoon, how can there be none left ten minutes after the delivery gets here?”
“I’d be in a SHIELD meeting, bored out of my skull, and I should be paying attention, I know I should be paying attention,” Steve said, the words coming faster and faster.  “And instead of processing what Maria’s saying, I’m wondering if Tony’s at the office today.  If he has plans for lunch.  Maybe I could text him.  If he’s in the office, we could meet downtown.  If he’s at the tower, I could bring something back with me.
Tony leaned up against the truck, his arms crossed over his chest.  “I’m hurt, I’m just trying to show my unending support for-”
“It's a slight exaggeration,” Tony said.  “But only about the women.”  He tried to smile.  “Are you-”
Steve jerked back, his hand falling to his side, caught off guard by the unexpected voice.  He'd seen Tony Stark before, waving at the camera in newsreel footage, grinning out from the full color covers of magazines and the stark black and white of newspaper pages.  Handsome and charismatic, he drew press coverage without even trying.  Steve knew what Tony Stark looked like.
Obie went back to his dinner.  “You joke, but things'll come to a head sooner than you might imagine, Tony.”
“Right.  We had tacos yesterday, Deej.”  A taxi came slamming through three lanes of traffic, cutting them off with the blare of a horn.  Steve hit the brakes, his right hand shooting out to brace DJ in his seat.
“And you’re trying to change the subject,” Steve said, shifting away from Tony, just far enough to shrug out of his jacket.  “You’re going to catch your death in weather like this, then where will we be?”
Bucky choked on a laugh.  “Ain't happening, I've got all night deliveries, and I'm not doing it on no food AND no sleep.”  He eyed the couch.  “You're small.”
Tony let out a happy sigh, and rolled over.  “Thanks,” he mumbled, fumbling for a pillow.  “That's-”  He buried his face in the fabric.  “That's good.”
Tony did his best to slow him down, just purely for the pleasure of it, nuzzling his neck and kissing the line of his throat, moving down to his collarbone.  “Bed,” Steve mumbled against Tony’s hair, determined and distracted all at once.
“There is a…  A lady here, Mr. Stark, and she says she’s here to see you and is asking to be announced.”
“I like me.  Then again, I'm the only decent ex you've got,” Pepper said.  “And I'd prefer we keep your current relationship from becoming an 'ex' situation, so can I please-”
“Oh, definitely,” Tony said, his voice bright.  “What would be the point in dying?  Things have just started getting interesting.”
Tony looked at Peter, who was nearly hugging his danish now.  Next to him, Carol had a hand clapped over her mouth, her shoulders shaking with laughter.  Jess was just slowly nodding, her expression kind of pitying.  Tony looked back at Okoye.  “I had a really good idea,” he said.
“Jesus, I'm not going to-” Tony felt his face heat, and Rhodey straightened up in his chair, his eyes narrowing.  Tony ignored him.  “I'm not going to kiss him back.  I've had enough fake publicity dates to know how this works.”
Stark tapped a finger against his lips.  “Might be more than one,” he admitted.  “But if it's more than one, I'll let you destroy something.”
“Right, you do make it seem quite simple,” Tony said.  His eyes rolled in Natasha’s direction. “And the larger of our troublemakers?”
“Sorry,” Steve said.  The door opened, and he looked over, a sheepish smile on his face.  “Yeah, I’m…”  His shoulders rose in a shrug.  “Sorry.”
“You can either resent your status as the pizza heir, or you can embrace it,” Tony said.  He lifted the lid on the steamer.  “Besides, everyone likes pizza.”  Since Steve made no effort to move, he gestured at the broccoli.  “Hand me that, please.”
Tony turned around in time to see Pepper step over a pile of debris that used to be a table.  “Oh.  My.  God.”  Her head swiveled around, her eyes huge.  “What-  Tony, what did you DO?”
Clint collected his phone, tucking it back in his pocket.  “Look, I love you?  I do?  But I also really, really want your mother to like me.”
“You have all the grace of a landbound manatee in the midst of anaphylactic shock,” Jan said, her voice flat, and and Sam's mouth dropped open.
Rogers gave him a wide, bright smile.  "I'm going to go upstairs," he said, and there was a note to his voice that Tony had never heard before.  Low.  Dark.  Almost threatening.  "I'm going to wake Jarvis.  And I'm going to tell  him that you're in danger of lighting yourself on fire or losing a limb down here."  His teeth flashed in a grin that did very interesting things to Tony's blood pressure.  "And make this problem...  His problem."
“It's okay, I explained, he knows you're sick, and I told him you'd talk to him tonight for sure,” Steve said.  He went down the stairs first, hands braced on the wall and the railing.  Tony fell into step behind him, ignoring his wobbly knees.
“I mean, yes, but also we come with more super villains than the average Kardashian party,” she said, her voice wry.  “So there’s good points and bad points, honestly.”  She reached for her three ring binder, flipping through the pages.  She was wearing earrings shaped like strings of Christmas lights.  They glittered every time she moved, catching the light with each turn of her head.  “But if Bunnie doesn't-”
Steve looked up just in time to see Tony throw open the kitchen door, looking back over his shoulder.  “Carol’s kidnapping about a fifth of the team, are we concerned about this?”
“Never,” she agreed.  She crossed her legs, her flowers settled easily in the crook of her elbow with all the grace of a beauty queen.
Tony opened his mouth, but before he could say something that absolutely would've gotten him in trouble, Pepper appeared in the library door.  “Officer Rogers!”  She hurried across the main hall, her day dress fluttering around her knees with each step.  “Thank you for coming.”
“Miss Potts brought me the details of what they were offering, and a card with Mrs. Arbogast’s address.  She encouraged me to speak to her, before I took the job, but I didn’t see the point.  After all.”  She gave Steve a lopsided smile.  “What choice did I have?”
Tony managed a smile.  It felt wrong on his face, foreign.  But he smiled anyway.  “You are stronger than anyone knows.  Don’t ever forget that.”
Tony gave the reporter a serious amount of side-eye.  "Number one, because everyone knows how deeply I treasure my privacy," he said, setting off a round of laughter from the room at large.  Tony's lips kicked up on one side, a wry, lopsided smile.  "And two, as much as we would've wanted to have everyone here come and celebrate our joyous day with us, there were a lot of people who we were not so eager to have join us."  He braced an elbow on the podium.  "Mostly people with tactical nukes and, you know-” He wobbled a hand in mid-air.  “Homicidal robot underlings."
Tony took a deep breath.  “Someone is always coming for you,” he said, trying to make that calm.  Steady.  “I can't promise it'll always be me, Deej.  I know-”  He stopped, his throat closing up on the words.  “I know I can't promise that.  I try hard not to lie to you, because I know that's something you need, that's something I need, too.  To try not to lie to you.  Especially when it's something like this.  When it's important.
Tony took a breath.  “Then it's a very good thing you're married to a guy who can afford the best insurance coverage,” he said.  He rubbed a thumb across the angle of Steve's cheekbone, gentle on the bruised skin.  “I might not be so good at fixing myself, Steve, but I'm stubborn about fixing the things I-”  He stopped short of saying 'love.'  It seemed wrong.  It seemed dangerous.  “The things I care about.”
“Even so.” Steve slumped a little lower in the bath, wincing as the water licked against the rim.  “A book with wet hands?”
He looked up, and Harris looked worried.  DJ tried to smile.  “Loud,” he said.  And that wasn’t enough.  He brought his hands up, covering his ears, and then dropped them back down.  “Everything.  Is loud.  And…”  His fingers fluttered, and he forced them still, flat, on the top of his legs.  “Too much.”
“I’m not, but I’m glad you think so.”  Steve rolled over, pushing the door open.  “Jarvis, I’ll come back down and get our clothes.  Don’t…”  He shook his head.  “Just quarantine this car.”
"Oh, my GOD," Tony said.  "Jarvis, why-"  He waved a hand at the screen.  "Why.  Just..."  His mouth worked soundlessly for a moment.  "WHY?"
The teenager laughed.  "Good practice for me."  The woman nudged him, pointing from Tony to the masks, speaking rapidly.  The boy nodded.  “Free.  We take donations.”  He pointed at the wooden box at the end of the table.  “But free.”  He grabbed a few from the box and held them out.  “Take one!”
She reached for the coffee pot on the stove.  “Figured breakfast time would be coming, soon enough,” she said, pouring a cup.  “And there’s jam to be made before everything goes off.”  She held the cup out to Steve with a slight smile.  “Fresh bread in a half hour or so, and since Hawkeye’s up on the roof keeping an eye on things, the main course will be oatmeal and eggs today, I think.”
“Get your own account, you mooch, or shut up about my queue.”  Ellen shifted in her chair, drawing one leg up to brace her heel against the seat.  She leaned forward and rewound the footage.  “Yes.  I'm watching it.”
Okoye reached for her handbag.  “‘Reclaiming Female Agency: Feminist Art History After Postmodernism.’”
“Sometimes,” Val said.  She put down her pliers.  “But mostly for kids with nowhere else to go, right?”
T’Challa started peeling the pear.  “Do not make me send you home in shame,” he said to Shuri, his voice teasing.  She stuck her tongue out at him, and, laughing, he went back to the fruit.  “I’m sure our mother told you what was expected of you.”
Steve took a deep breath, and another, bracing his feet under him, the toes of his boots almost digging groves in the wood of the wharf.  He squared his shoulders, his shield up and braced in front of him.  “Last chance,” he said through gritted teeth.  “Anyone want to leave now?”
Coulson pinched the bridge of his nose, his eyes squeezing shut.  “I asked one thing of every single one of you.  To.  Stay.  Put.”
“Yes,” Darcy said, her eyes huge.  “Tony.  Give me your sunglasses.  I will be the best Fem-Stark ever.”
Darcy snatched the sharpie out of Clint’s hand, and added “Property of” over the ‘Darcy’ that was already on her nametag, and used that one to cover Harris’ first one.  “Fixed it.”
“They’re more similar than you might think,” Clint said.  He held up his tray with all the aplomb of a waiter in a French cafe.  “Cocoa, Deej?”
“Are you happy?” Sam asked, and Steve fell silent.  Sam smiled, his eyebrows arching.  “Steve.  Are you happy with how things are right now?”
“They coulda shot us, sure,” Clint said.  The jar went back on the shelf.  “But they could’ve done that in the library.”  He gave Steve a look.  “You think the police would’ve done more than nod approvingly if Stark had called them up and told them that he’d heroically shot two thieves that broke into his house and were caught red handed?”
“I’m not asleep,” Bruce mumbled, without raising his head from his microscope.  There were stacks of books and paperwork on one side of him and coffee cups and crumpled up napkins on the other side.  Unopened boxes from various chemical and scientific supply companies made getting more than a foot from the door difficult, so Tony didn’t bother trying.
Her eyes cut in his direction.  “No.  I don't.  I think we still have time to spin this in a direction that both makes you seem sympathetic, even romantic, and minimize the damage this causes in the wider political sphere.
“Absolutely not,” Tony said, going back to his phone.  His phone was his only lifeline at this point.
Steve blinked at him. “What?” Jarvis’s chin dipped, and Steve realized he’d moved without intending to, his body now presenting a physical barrier between Tony and the door.  He exhaled, breath hissing between his teeth. “Sorry.  I-”  He made an effort to relax, ignoring the desperate voice in the back of his head telling him to get out.  To extract himself from this very compromising position, and get out.
Tony leaned over, his mouth hovering just over Steve’s.  “What do you want for it?” he whispered, the words hot against Steve’s lips.
“What?” Steve asked, handing a cup to Rhodey, who took it with a slight smile and a nod.  Steve gave Tony an innocent look.  “You don't want coffee?”
“I-” DJ looked at Steve, who gave him a slight smile and a reassuring nod.  DJ took a breath.  “Can you fix it?” he asked Stephen.
“They're off to fetch the last of the apples,” Mrs. Parker said, dusting her hands off on her apron.  “And Jarvis and I have dinner to get on the table, so perhaps-”
Jarvis was silent for a long moment.  “When one is a guest in a household, and one behaves badly, it is not out of the question to think that one might be frightened as to how this might change one’s position.”
“It’s not the only thing,” Bruce said.  He rocked forward and back on the balls of his feet.  “We’re also, uh, we’re going in circles.”  He glanced around the room.  “So, what are we going to DO about it?”
Tony glanced up to find a young woman hovering in the door to the back room, tall and gangly, wearing a heavy canvas apron over her plain dark shirt and pants.  A white handkerchief pulled her dark curls away from her face, and a pair of wire rimmed glasses, very similar to her father's, were perched on her nose.  Tony held up the ring.  "Yours?"  he asked.  She nodded, a flush spreading across her cheeks.  Tony smiled.  "You've got a real feel for metal work."
“I have expectations,” Tony said.  “Plans are a little harder.”  He smiled.  “I think we can just wing it, can't we?”
Laughing, Steve flipped DJ’s hood over his head.  “On New York streets?  Your father would kill us both.”
Tony's eyes slid shut.  “I'm not,” he whispered, and there was a note in his voice that Steve couldn't quite understand.  But they were dancing now, and he wanted to laugh, he wanted to cry.
“It's just another incredible thing that you created. It is as much a part of you as anything, as your armor as the arc-reactor at one time. I guess I'm still that man out of time...still marveling at the world and the shiny gadgets and technology.” Steve admitted quietly.
It was obvious Steve had no idea how deliciously attractive he looked in the uniform, as he strutted around the tower as if everything were normal. How had Tony never noticed the level of sexy that was Steve Roger's super soldier body? Right back to existential crises. The first time Tony's cock grew hard looking at Steve had been...alarming. In his younger days Tony had dabbled in experimentation with his sexuality, it was the 80's while still considered a bit taboo, the act of doing something so inappropriate had been thrilling.
The first time Tony masturbated to thoughts of Steve Rogers he felt ashamed and disgusted. Tony had always been open about sex, there wasn't a lot he considered to be inappropriate and jerking off was a private guilt free experience for him. It felt good, he felt relaxed and loose afterwards and often had a clearer head for working. Not this time, and for many reasons.
“I'd prefer not...but up to you sweetheart.” Steve couldn't fight the blush that rose to his cheeks when Tony used the endearment.
Tony hadn't realized he closed his eyes at some point. He opened them hazily and his gaze locked back onto the mirror. It was dirty, filthy even and his cock throbbed with need as he watched Steve defile him so wonderfully. The nagging shame was slowly fading, all he could think was “more, deeper, yes, harder.” Tony's skin was now flushed, and a light sheen of sweat covered his body. He looked dazed, his eyes heavy lidded and mouth slack as his breaths came out in sharp pants. Steve's fingers were sliding into his body so easily, in and out, in and out, Tony was beginning to rock his hips with the motion wanting more friction. His legs were tense, and shaking slightly with each of Steve's plunges. Tony watched, mesmerized by the motions of it all and he realized with alarming clarity he wanted to see Steve's cock do the same. He wanted the stretch and burn of Steve's alpha cock, and to feel the insane stretch of his knot to keep him in place. To have the warmth flood his insides as Steve came in him in hot pulses.
In loopy blue letters. There was a little graduation cap with the year 1989 written inside it. Of course Steve would be the one to greet someone with baked goods as a gift still an old fashioned soul at heart. It was as if the modern world had no affect on the man. Tony shuffled some papers aside and set the cake down on an empty space at his desk. Steve walked into his room, closing the door behind him and took a seat on Tony's bed nearby. They had done this a million times. Steve knew Tony's preference to be in his own space. The mansion belonged to Howard and Maria, but his room was his own safe haven.
They returned to Avengers tower with the centipede, Tony and Bruce set to work on studying the thing while Steve wrote up his report to Fury. He let Tony have his fun, but ordered that they keep him updated and notify him of any discoveries. Their tests yielded no new information, and Bruce's research came up with nothing. It appeared to be just plain old centipede there was nothing special about it other than it kept growing and growing.
Pepper reached over and took Tony's hands in hers to help soothe him. “I think the first thing you need to do is clear the air and talk with Rogers.” Tony made a pained expression. “I know not your strongest attribute but you have to tell him something Tony. It could crush him to find out that you don't want to pursue anything more serious...but I believe you should at least try.”
"I have my own ride where are you staying?" Steve asked once they reached the parking lot, he was standing close to Tony. Steve had liked the contact, the feeling of Tony's hand on him, he realized he was probably touched starved and now was craving more.
“That was one of the hottest things I have ever seen.” Tony commented. He traced a finger down Steve's chest and through the pool of come. “I could jerk off to this sight any day.”
He held his right hand out palm up and waited, it was a small gesture and one that Tony could easily brush off. A silent question to him
Steve kissed Tony, long and hard. Sliding his tongue over Tony's, claiming his mouth, licking along his lips. Yes. He wanted nothing more. “Yes-yes of course. I'm yours Tony, only yours and your mine?”
Tony opened his eyes and gazed at Steve with a small playful smile on his lips. Slowly he traced his fingers up his chest, and circled the pads of his fingers over his nipples, already hard and tight from arousal. Gently Tony took the small golden hoop between his fingers and tugged it slightly resulting in a sharp gasp and trailing off into a moan. Steve had never found himself wanting to hear such a sound again so desperately. He pictured taking that hoop into his mouth, biting it between his teeth, laving his tongue against the cool metal and hard nub of Tony's nipple.
“That wasn't a mature way for him to handle it. Sounds to me you're better off without having your first time with a jerk like that. It should be with someone you really care about, it makes it a lot more special.”
“Y-Yes!” Tony gasped. “I want that. Knot me, fuck me, fuck me, make me take it. Make me watch you fuck my omega ass. Alpha! oh god alpha I want it.” The pleasure was like a hot burn all over his skin. Tony was so overwhelmed by it all, he was so close. “Touch me alpha please. I need to come!” Steve didn't hesitate. He grasped Tony's neglected cock and gave several hard tight strokes. Tony's hips moved erratically wanting to thrust into Steve's hand, but wanting more of the hot stretching of Steve's cock in his ass.
“Stop with the bickering and get him to Shuri!” Okoye snapped at the two of them. Steve wasn't even listening to Thor or the others, he had turned to look down the hall, he only could see shadows on the wall as the group moved back towards Shuri's lab.
“I want it Tony, oh, I want it so bad!” Steve moaned, unable to contain the vocalization of his pleasure. A sheen of perspiration coated Steve's fair skin as he grew closer and closer to his climax.
“You close yet?” She had asked, looking over her shoulder. “my back kind of hurts like this.” She was down on her elbows, back arched and knees supporting her weight.
“What?” Steve asked in bewilderment. “I told you before Tony that's not how I see it. You are not the problem.” He sort of was though, because Steve couldn't stop thinking about it. Thinking about him and all the wonderfully sinful things they had done together. This was typical of Tony Stark, Steve thought. Removing himself from the equation when he believed that he was the problem. This wasn't what he wanted for Tony to believe.
“I'm not that out of it. I know what I want and it's this-” Steve ventured further and wrapped his hand around the girth of Tony's cock making the man gasp. “You're big cock inside of me. I want to feel you stretching me, you're long and thick and you filled me up so nice.” Steve slowly moved his fist up and then back down, lazily stroking Tony's shaft. “Then have you spill inside.” He swiped his thumb over Tony's leaking tip. “Your seed leaking out of my abused hole. I'll be all stretched out and gaping, your come will just spill right out of me.”
Tony dropped his arms from the armor and he spun around facing Steve finally. Tony's eyes were searching Steve's in concern and mild confusion. “Used me? Take advantage? You think that's what happened?”
Steve typically didn't like it when people targeted him for personal amusement, however this was different. He could tell that Tony wasn't doing it in malice, it was probably to help loosen the tension in the room and he found that he was actually laughing. “I walked right into that one didn't I?”
“Yeah a few, but nothing long term you know?” Tony's eyes met Steve's briefly. Steve's eyes were so mesmerizing, deep blue with small flecks of green mixed in. It was out of Tony's mouth before he even realized the alcohol inhibiting his better judgment. “I'd date you.” Tony's eyes went wide in horror. “At school!” He added hastily. “Had I met...I mean had we met you know...at-at school.” Oh god no. This was the fuck up of all fuck ups. Years. Tony had spent years hiding his boyhood crush on Steve only to blurt it out in a alcohol infused confession. Stupid.
Tony was in a daze, blood loss, shock, failure it all swirled within him. He faintly heard Peter's voice above him, shouting out his name. The kid used his webbing on his stab wound to keep it closed and prevent him from bleeding out, smart he thought distantly. Tony's vision faded in and out and a blackness crept in from the edges, growing steadily. He heard talk and voices, but couldn't focus in on any of them the pain in his side had subsided to a throb, but his arm felt as if there were sharp stabbing needles into his nerves with every little jostle. Faintly he felt warm gentle hands on either side of his face and for a moment the pain subsided, his regrets lessened and his overall anguish diminished to a dull senseless nothing.
Steve felt Tony's full weight settle on him, resting on his lap his own cock still erect and straining, he bit his lip and tried to remain as still as possible so as not to cause any discomfort. His cock though it was throbbing, aching, he was buried in Tony's body and it was so wet, warm, and tight all around him. Tony took a moment to allow himself to acclimate to Steve's size, he wasn't by any means a small man.
“Serum, and a combination of the pollen. I'm very viable, always been capable of going multiple times since becoming a super soldier, and the pollen just...” Steve shrugged. “...it helps me get over mental barriers I guess. This is all stuff I have wanted to do, but was always too afraid to take it.”
“Steve...” Tony whispered when they parted, his lips kiss bitten and wet from their saliva. Steve pressed his lips to Tony's shoulder and neck as his hands roamed over the front of Tony's abdomen and chest, tracing the edge of his arc reactor. “Hm Steve...I...” Tony gasped lightly when he felt Steve bite gently at his shoulder. “I'm...” Tony pressed on. “I'm ready...I'm ready to be your omega.” Steve paused.
“Exposed...but I guess...in a good way?” Tony wasn't exactly sure what he felt. He didn't have that reactionary disgust he normally associated with his omega nature. He still felt that lingering shame, but it was only a lesser thought at the back of his mind. “You really like this?” Tony asked.
Steve turned his gaze from the vial to Tony's eyes. It made sense now Tony was being cautious in case Steve was still in some way compromised with his judgment. He wasn't about to presume any involvement from himself would be welcome without expressed consent.
Routine was good, it was the best way to return to a state of normalcy and get back to his life. Steve was hopeful that in time he could put it all behind him, the centipede, his awkwardness around Tony, at least a lot of the guilt had begun to subside. Neither he nor Tony had been given the clear to return to active duty just yet, Bruce wanted to wait until the centipede had been removed from the tower. First Bruce and Tony had to find some way to neutralize the pollen's affects for the safety of everyone. It was either that or the creature would be destroyed.
“Weakness? Is that how you see it?” Tony had turned away then and pulled a shirt on grateful to have the barrier between himself and Steve. This was getting too personal, and Tony had to stop it before either of them did something they would regret.
Steve laughed lightly while he wrapped his arms around Tony and held him almost possessively. Together they watched as the quin-jet grew distant as it flew across the sky holding the creature that started the entire mess. Steve bore no ill-will towards the bug anymore. The pollen had opened the world of sexual freedom he had never known before, and he often wondered if it too had only amplified existing feelings he had buried. In the end Steve didn't feel the need to obsess over what the pollen had done to him. He had Tony now,the genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist, Iron Man was his lover. Thanks to an accident with sex pollen and poor timing. Or perhaps...the perfect timing.
“Ah...I'm not sure yet. Depends on how long she keeps me, and she might hold me over out of spite for being late. So there's that. Weren't you taking a shower?”
“So hungry for it.” Tony commented. “You're too keyed up, I need to get you come and then we can really have some fun.”
“Tony...are you sure you want this? I don't want you to consent to this if you feel pressured at all.” Steve asked in a gentle voice, his blue eyes searching Tony's for any sign of hesitance.
“Thanks, I'm good Cap.” Tony finished off his coffee and refilled the mug. “You know where to find me.” He gave a wave to them and headed down to the sanctuary of his workshop. Here Tony was at ease. No gimmicks, no games, no schmoozing here he could be himself and work in peace, he settled into working on Natasha's infamous widow bites.
“Did you hear anything I said before? I could lose everything someone would go digging and they would find out-”
Steve had read the files on Tony Stark, he was more than aware of the technological marvel that was the Iron Man suit, but the most puzzling piece of technology had to be the arc reactor. He hadn't paid it much mind when he saw it for the first time when on the helicarrier. After they had successfully incapacitated Loki and managed to talk Thor out of bludgeoning anyone further with his hammer, as amusing as it had been for Steve to witness Tony throw backwards by the frustrated demi-god. Steve had known about the piece of tech inserted into Tony's chest, it was noted on his file and it was just considered a part of what made Tony Stark into Iron Man.The circular blue glowing disc in the center of his chest shining brightly even through the fabric of his dark t-shirt.
“No, you stop with that.” Steve ordered with his best commanding voice. “You deserve it Tony, you deserve peace you deserve all the happiness in the world.” Steve kissed him then. “You earned it, and you have me here to be damn sure that you get it.”
“Could be about a day, don't give me that look had I known sooner I would have done this a long time ago.”
“Wait at least two hours before you try and leave, Ross and the others are here and they will spot you a mile away. You should be able to slip out by then. Good luck out there Steve.” Tony whispered in his ear then the heat of Tony's body was gone and Steve heard him heading for the door.
Steve looked off for a moment in thought then back down to Tony. He really had grown up so much in the last few years. It was hard to think of him as that little boy he had looked after, the time had passed by so fast. “It's possible. Had we gone to school in my day though I doubt you'd be asking for a date. That wasn't exactly commonplace back then.” Steve ran his fingers though Tony's thick hair again in thought. The recent years had seen a lot of change for the gay community, and while it was still heavily criticized it was no longer a crime. “Tony...” Steve began. “You can tell me, I won't judge you if you are attracted to boys or are curious. Is that what this is about?” He asked gently.
Regret was tight in his chest, how he wished the fallout of the accords had been different. If he hadn't let his rage and need for revenge cloud his judgment. If he had just picked up that phone and called Steve as soon as Strange had pulled him into this mess. Steve. He was thinking of Steve. How Tony had clung onto some unnamed...something...during their whole civil war. He felt an ache within himself that had nothing to do with the blade or splintered bone in his arm.
When Steve had first woken up from the ice all he could think was how much he had wanted to return to his own time. Since he had met Tony though and once they had officially bonded and sealed their relationship Steve found that he no longer desired to return to the time he had come from. He had found a love so unique and so important to him that he couldn't imagine any life without Tony there by his side. As a team mate he could depend on, as a friend as his lover. A mate for life.
The creature released him and backed away watching intently as Steve slipped his own finger into his wet hole, it was still tight, needing to be worked open but the centipede's slick lube like saliva made for an easy glide into himself. Steve cursed quietly as he pushed past the first knuckle and deeper still, but it wasn't enough. The heat building in his body wasn't satisfied it needed more. He pushed two fingers into himself hissing from the burn but it felt so good at the same time, he pumped them in and out and continued to stroke his cock with the other hand.
“Tony I can't believe you let me do this again. Letting me help you through the heat.” Steve panted once he found his voice again. “I thought...you didn't want to do this again. You said you never...”
“I don't know what has gotten between you two.” She said as they went through their weekly sparring match. Natasha was a fair opponent for Steve to go against since she was quick footed and agile it required more fineness on his part to bring her down. “But one of you needs to buck up and fix it and knowing Tony it won't be him.”
“Good? It was more than just good...it was...I don't even know how to describe it.” Steve pressed a light kiss to Tony's forehead. They laid there together quietly for several long minutes just coming down from the endorphin high. “Steve...” Tony asked after the silence had gone on too long.
For days the only interaction that Steve had was with Bruce, and even those were limited through the window of the quarantine cell. At least Steve had been relieved of the restraints and allowed to roam the small confined space. It was standard procedure since he had been exposed to a rather potent substance. It was a miracle that the bug hadn't escaped, but in retrospect Steve's inappropriate behavior had distracted the centipede long enough for help to arrive and force it back into quarantine. The only victims to the pollen being Steve and later Tony. Of course Bruce tried to phrase it delicately so as not to humiliate Steve further, but it didn't help. Steve was wracked with guilt over what he had allowed himself to do.
“I...I want you alpha.” Tony's reply was muffled against Steve's neck which caused Steve to chuckle lightly.
“Damn it Steve wake up! This thing its using you, using us.” Steve dropped to his knees and looked up at Tony with dazed blue eyes, his hands stroked up Tony's thigh, and grasped his belt with deft hands. Steve unfastened it and pulled Tony's slacks, and boxer-briefs down. The centipede moved and adjusted its body for Steve to easily pull Tony's pants down to his ankles. Steve leaned in pressing little soft kisses to Tony's thigh, and hip. “Steve...stop please. You don't want to do this.” Tony said in a strained voice.
Freedom, Steve hadn't imagined he could have missed it so much until it was taken from him. The ability to get out of the tower and go for a run had become one of his many hobbies once he had moved into the tower. Now that Steve was outside he realized how much he had missed the feeling of fresh air in his lungs, and the burn of the exertion in his muscles. The confinement of quarantine only reinforced the many basic pleasures Steve had taken for granted. Never again he thought to himself as he jogged through the park.
“Yes. Steve.” Tony confirmed. They spent the next several hours getting Tony though his heat. Making love at a languid relaxed pace as opposed to the frantic needy fucking they had done previously. They really explored, and took the time to admire and focus on each other as bonded mates often did. Steve knew it was going to be rough on Tony coming out to the others, and he was determined to be there with him every step of the way. To be the alpha he needed to be and protect his omega.
Steve closed his eyes and leaned in, pressing his lips to Tony's in a chaste kiss. Tony felt as if his heart would give out on him at any moment, Steve was...kissing him...they were kissing. The uncomfortable twisting of his insides uncoiled and for the first time in months Tony felt a balance, a peace within himself he was unaware he was even capable of experiencing again. Steve had let Tony's wrists go and reached a hand to cradle Tony's neck and the other wrapped possessively around Tony's waist.
“Gah! Get it off-get it off!” Tony squirmed in the tight constriction trying to free himself, but the centipede held him still. Steve stood up slowly and approached Tony seeing he was in distress he remembered he had been too at first.
A nod Steve had nodded was that an invitation? Tony finished off his glass, and thrummed his fingers on the bar for a moment as the bartender refilled his glass. He didn't want to fight, didn't want to argue even as angry and hurt he felt over the whole situation with Barnes. Tony was tired of arguing as he had been doing nothing but that with Ross since Steve and the others had abandoned him.
Tony gasped and tilted his head as Steve kissed his neck -holy shit- Steve was getting into it, and -wow- Tony could feel him could feel the hardness of Steve's cock in his pants. Tony bit his lip, rutting himself against Steve for more friction.
“He did which is why I volunteered.” The man replied and sat back in the chaise, draping his arm across the back. He slipped off the thin sandals from his feet and tucked his legs up onto the cushion, a small beaded anklet was visible and it caught Steve's eye.
“Tony, oh fuck, Tony!” He groaned. His balls clenched up tight and his cock pulsed flooding Tony's insides as he reached his climax. Steve sagged behind Tony, draping his arms around the man's middle and pressed several kisses between his shoulders. Steve was breathing hard trying to catch his breath, and Tony arched his back beneath him feeling Steve's beard rubbing against his skin. Tony couldn't hold his arms upright anymore, the attachment to the prosthetic and flesh was still a bit sore so Tony collapsed down onto the bed. Strong arms bracketed on either side of him, Steve held himself above Tony so as not to crush him under his weight.
Upstairs the others cleaned up the kitchen, Natasha headed for the gym and Bruce went to his room for some meditation practice leaving Steve alone. Although it had been months since the battle of New York Steve still felt as if he were a stranger to Tony. On the field they seemed to work together okay, but Tony was usually absent from any of the usual team building activities. Steve constantly worried if it had to do with those hurtful words he had said to Tony when they had first met. It didn't help that he was immensely curious about the arc reactor, but they obviously where not at a comfort level for Steve to ask Tony about it. Thrumming his fingers on the table Steve decided to make more of an effort to get to know his eccentric teammate.
“So tense and tight already. Your body is begging to come isn't it?” Tony observed as he petted the pads of his fingers over Steve's sac. He circled his fingers lightly over a particularly sensitive spot of skin that had Steve panting and rocking his hips.
Steve pulled back from Tony's cock taking in a gasping breath, he looked up at him with a lust addled gaze. He enclosed his hand around Tony's length and began to slowly stroke the base.
Steve felt as if he were floating, between a state of conscious and unconsciousness, just in the afterglow and exhaustion of his double orgasm. The centipede's body felt warm, and comforting around him. Steve released his thighs and let his legs relax, his hole felt wet and open, empty he wanted to be filled with something thicker, longer heavier. His cock and balls ached from overuse, but the heat was still present, and a tingle buzzed under his skin. Steve rubbed his hands over his skin, scratches his nails up his thighs as he spread his legs and just palmed over his testicles, taint and ass cheeks. He settled his hand between his legs, and circled his fingers over his hole, playing with the viscous fluid from the centipede. He closed his eyes just settling into the lazy unhurried self play while the centipede remain coiled around him cushioning his head and neck as it provided Steve the momentary break from their activities.
Tony mulled over her words for several seconds. Could he really expect anything positive to come out of this? He had been desperate for relief, and he had never once thought of Steve in
That was how they found themselves here. Steve set the ax down and walked over to the house up to Tony and leaned down to give him a kiss.
“Yes, yes fuck me Captain, fuck me!” Tony chanted out loud as his hand sped up, the leather scraped against his skin. His hips snapped up into his fist as he pumped his cock imagining having filthy and rough sex with Steve Rogers.“God, oh-fuck-oh-fuck-oooh!” Tony practically wailed as he felt the tension in his body go rigid, everything inside himself reaching the peak and then the sweet release as the orgasm washed over him.
“You see now? Why I want you off the suppressants?” Steve said after a long silence. He carded his fingers through Tony's unruly dark hair.
Steve and Tony had hardly any time with each other, but that was to be expected with their line of work. Of course once they had finally gotten some free time Tony was busy in the workshop designing upgrades and fixing everyone's gear. No one had seen Tony for three days and that included Pepper as well, and even she could only get him to partially listen to her phone calls. Steve knew that Tony had a busy schedule, so he occupied his time with his other hobbies. He worked out, he did some drawing, and learned how to play a game called Mario Kart thanks to Clint and Sam. Steve was lounging on the couch and catching up on his book list when Jarvis got his attention.
“I wish I had an answer Cap.” Bruce replied with a small shrug. “We can only speculate. Maybe Hydra planned on releasing this pheromone as some controlling agent, maybe they didn't even know what they had. All we can do is keep the bug under strict isolation conditions in the quarantine.”
Tony sighed heavily and scooted closer, pressing his forehead against Steve's, breathing in and out evenly and just existing in the moment.
“You have my word Cap.” Tony's mouth quirked up in his signature smirk. Civil conversations were rare for them, especially now given the circumstances. Steve did find that he felt better, like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders and he could finally breath again. “Well I should probably get back to lab and working on that antidote.” Tony gestured towards the hall.
“Need me to move?” Tony was already adjusting his position his hips shifted and the red silky fabric rose up along his thighs slightly. Steve had to look away.
Steve didn't need any further encouragement, he pulled his fingers out and sat up on his knees holding the bottle in his hands. He poured a generous amount onto his palm and rubbed it over his cock, coating it thoroughly. It felt so good to finally touch himself, Steve bit back a soft moan. He tossed the bottle aside and then grabbed a hold of Tony, hoisting him over onto his stomach and grabbed a hold of his hips.
“I want to Tony...I want all of that.” Steve scissored his fingers in Tony's channel. “You think you're ready for me?”
Tony couldn't resist the small moan escaping his throat as they kissed. No-No he couldn't let on that he was enjoying it that much, but god it felt so good being pressed against Steve like this, arousal spiking through his groin as he pushed his hips against him.
Steve pulled off from Tony, feeling some of the warmth leaking out from his hole but he didn't care as he rolled onto his back beside Tony and took a much needed breather. The pollen's affects had nearly vanished, but Steve felt languid and satisfied. It was exactly what he needed and he was grateful to Tony for everything.
It was that attitude that caught the interest of the alchemist, Erksine and he put Steve through into the basics of training to see what he was capable of. Schmidt's armies were advancing and the many of the lands were falling to him. They had to act fast to prevent any further casualties to the conqueror and his mystical weapons. They took the risk and Steve was chosen to received the rebirth serum.
“That's it Tony.” Steve encouraged as he worked his fingers in and out of Tony, and slowly scissoring them to stretch him further. “Focus on how good it feels.” He pumped his fingers into the tight hole over and over, each pump getting easier, the glide smoother as Tony opened up for him. Tony turned his head and kissed Steve's lips sloppily between his gasping shudders and moans. If Tony was this responsive to fingesr Steve could only imagine how it would be once Tony had a cock in him. He needed to know.
“I don't expect you to understand. I feel terrible for this Pepper, I never wanted to hurt you like this, but I can't lie to you. It wouldn't be fair, you deserve better, so much better.”
“Yes I meant it. I would like to do this again.” Steve sighed as his better senses and logic began to return to him. “But...” Steve added. “I don't know if we really should Tony. You're so young and I really shouldn't-”
Tony felt wet, raw and sticky in places he'd rather not think about. To his relief he felt Steve's cock soften and the burning stretch lessened considerably. So as not to crush Tony Steve rolled onto his back beside him on the bed. They both remained there in the dark catching their breath in silence for time. Eventually Steve turned onto his side and propped his head up in his hand, elbow resting on the bed.
“I know back in your day psych evaluations were heavily stigmatized, but I think it would really do you some good to sort your feelings out about the encounter. The fact it involved another man it would be understandable if you were experiencing any sort of personal crises.” Bruce added that last part delicately
Steve found he needed to adjust himself, things were feeling tighter and uncomfortable in his pants as the blood rushed down south. “Hm the lighting is still a bit off.” Steve replied in a rough voice.
“Kind of made it easy.” Although he still had the veil on his face Steve could see from the crinkles around Tony's eyes that he was grinning. He wanted to ask him to remove the red silky covering so he could view Tony's face, but he wanted to capture those eyes first. “I will stop stalling and let you get started. Is this a good position?”
Steve sat up, his eyes heavy lidded the heat still present in his body, a constant kindling flame. He watched as the centipede coiled itself around Tony as it had done to Steve in the beginning the many legs clutched and held tightly to Tony.
Steve's hands roamed over Tony's body, feeling over the subtle bumps and blemishes of years fighting in the Iron Man suit. Some he remembered having helped to patch on the field, others were new, Tony's body was a map of hardships. Opposite of Steve's but Steve's scars were internal, just because his skin healed perfectly didn't mean he didn't recall every injury he had sustained with perfect clarity. His memory was a blessing and curse all in one.
Steve nuzzled his face into Tony's leg. “I do...I want it so much. You'll feel it soon too, it will feel so good Tony.” Steve mumbled against him pressing his mouth closer and closer to Tony's groin. Despite his willpower Tony could feel the pollen working in his system, the aphrodisiac was pumping blood down to his cock making him grow hard. His cock rose, jutting out from his body obscenely, aching for touch. Steve's eyes grew hungry as he stared swiping a pink tongue across his wet lips. Tony was big, bigger than Steve had predicted given Tony's shorter stature, but there had always been talk of Tony being hung and it turned out not to be an exaggeration. Steve practically felt his wet hole flutter, his channel clench in excitement. Tony's cock would fill him so well, the centipede had gotten him nice and ready, wet, loose and open.
“My little masochist?” Tony teased between panting breaths, he still rocked his hips forward, fucking Steve good and hard.
Either way Tony would have been happy to do both take or receive it would probably be a wild ride with Steve Rogers. What was sexier? Fucking Steve over a table while still in uniform? His pants pulled down and bunched around his legs while Tony pounded into him all while Steve begged for him to go harder and faster. Tony gasped and moaned as he began to stroke his cock again., his hips began to thrust up into his fist as he really got into it and chased his pleasure.
Steve took a few wobbly steps forward, he felt unsteady on his feet. He felt like he was in a haze, everything around him fuzzy as he followed the delectable scent to the source. Steve pushed the bedroom door open and was met with the most alluring sight. The lights in the room were dimmed low, the bed, still large and luxurious was covered in deep red silky sheets, Tony was stretched out languidly on his stomach like a jungle cat. He was nude, his olive skin already coated in a light sheen of glistening sweat, his hair was a tousled mess, and he looked at Steve with a fiery lust in his eyes. Tony was ever so slowly grinding his hips against the bed, and as Steve trailed his eyes over the form of his omega he spotted the dark spot on the bed between Tony's legs...he was already leaking slick and it was soaking into the silky fabric of the bed sheet.
Steve wasn't saying no, so Tony kept going. He ran his tongue down the length and back to the tip. He took the head into his mouth, slowly sucking it and bobbed his head a few times, taking Steve's cock deep into his mouth. Tony backed off catching his breath, running his tongue along Steve's impressive cock, tasting the bitter precome leaking from the tip as he licked the head a few more times. Tony slowly took Steve's full length into his mouth, deep-throating him like an expert.
Tony's head snapped back his gaze growing sharp as he observed Steve. “What do you mean by that? Personal test? Why wouldn't I want to talk to you? We both were...I don't like the word victims...we both, let's say succumbed to an unknown contaminant.”
Steve stopped fighting the restraints and laid back against the bed, closing his eyes as the tears streamed down his face. He deserved to be locked up like an animal he wasn't fit to be the leader of the Avengers. Steve sucked in a hitching breath and then winced, apparently whatever pain killers or sedatives were given to him were being worked out of his system by the serum. The aches started, dull and throbbing in some of his most intimate areas. The pain only further proved that this entire nightmare was indeed real.
Steve gasped softly, and without hesitation rocked his own hips to rub his erection against Tony. It was pure bliss. “I-I don't want you to stop...” Steve admitted in a near sob. He leaned forward with his arms around Tony, and buried his face against the man's shoulder.
“I admit...sex is way more intense without them. I never realized what exactly I was missing before. I chalked it all up to the heat before.” Tony leaned back slightly his deep brown eyes meeting Steve's brilliant blues. “I'll cut down, but I do have to suppress the heat for the time. Just in case.”
“You're very sensitive Tony.” Steve whispered, his breath hot over Tony's skin. He flicked his tongue over Tony's nipple earning another gasp. Pleasure ripped through Tony unexpectedly. The hot throb of arousal intensified further.
Reading the change in Tony's demeanor the centipede released him from its hold, and uncoiled itself from Tony's body. Once freed Tony attempted to make quick work of removing the rest of his now torn suit, but Steve impatient for Tony to join in the fun, literally ripped the remaining fabric off of him with an animal-like growl. There was a moment they stood looking over one another, briefly, hungry eyes roaming over muscled bodies, angular features, sweat covered skin, hard and heavy cocks, then they clashed, lips slotting together, parting, and opening for one another. The kiss was nearly violent, charged with pent up sexual energy, tongues delving into mouths, tasting, licking, fighting for control.
Steve would say and he would then grab Tony's hips and shove his massive length into him and start thrusting, pounding that super soldier dick into him repeatedly and Tony would love it.
Steve pulled his finger out, it was wet, coated with Tony's slick. He trailed his hand up Tony's side and smeared the fluid across Tony's right nipple. The air suddenly felt much cooler on the sensitive nub, and his skin prickled as it hardened into a tight dusky peak. Steve pinched it and rolled it between his fingers making Tony jolt and gasp. Steve's touch was electric and the pleasure from his nipple was like a jolt from his chest straight to his groin and the tip of his cock. Tony felt the heated wave of need, and then watched helplessly as another gush of slick dribbled from his ass. He could hear Steve's hitch of breath behind him, and his hand holding his balls tensed up slightly.
Steve gripped Tony's right hip harder and he pushed forward the wet tip slipping forcefully into the tight channel. “Yeah that's it.” Tony gasped. “Come on give it to me. Give me that cock Captain.” Tony's voice was rough, a few octaves lower than normal. Steve was more than willing to give Tony exactly what he was asking for. He gave a hard thrust, his hips snapping forward, the front of his thighs slapping hard against the cheeks of Tony's behind as he buried himself balls deep into Tony's hot channel.
“Steve.” Tony whispered, unsure of why exactly the name was escaping past his lips, or why his eyes met the other man's and held the gaze for longer than was appropriate.
Steve whimpered. “I want to be the only one to pleasure you.” and Tony kissed him again in response.
The first time Tony realized he overstepped his boundaries it was too late to take it back. They were returning from a mission a bit scuffed and bruised but overall not terribly injured. Steve's uniform was a bit worse for wear having a building collapse practically on top of him. The stealth suit had seen better days. Steve was sitting in the quinjet with the rest of the team on their way back to the tower. He was fiddling with one of the snaps on his gloves that had come loose.
“Thank you.” Steve sighed in contentment. Tony rolled onto his side to look at Steve and stroke his fingers over Steve's sweaty skin. He was a mess, covered in come and sweat, a picture of perfect debauchery.
“Away from them beast!” He threatened. The centipede appeared to get the hint and uncoiled from around the pair and backed off from them obediently. Tony blinked a few times as his mind slowly filled in the missing pieces. The quarantine he had put up a quarantine for a reason. Tony's head was still so muddled though he couldn't think straight, even with the fading effects of the pollen he was still floating along in the post-orgasmic high. Steve was faring no better, he just stared at Thor as if he were a complete stranger.
Watching Tony in such ecstasy was intoxicating. Steve wanted to see it again, and again, he wanted to see Tony's face as he reached that edge. Steve wrapped a possessive arm around Tony's waist, and subtly adjusted the position of his knees. His cock was still buried in Tony's body.
“You really mean that?” Tony asked after the long drawn out silence. “You want me to be exclusive? I admit the offer is tempting, but I doubt Pierce would allow you to just say I am off limits.”
Steve frowned.“What about after? We could maybe do dinner or something?” Steve attempted again. He understood that Tony was a very busy man, but Steve couldn't help feel as if Tony was avoiding him deliberately.
The sedatives he had been given were still wearing off and his memory sluggishly returned to him as he processed what had led him to wake up here. Jarvis had warned of a security breach in the lab and he found that horrible creature had escaped and then...then...Steve felt his stomach twist in revulsion as his memory returned. Not only he had completely lost his mind and acted on such deviancy he had included Tony in on it as well. No, no he couldn't fathom the things he had allowed himself to do, to ask for and involving Tony. It was unforgivable.
“Neither Captain. He is requesting your presence.” Steve didn't think anything of it and got up from the couch and headed for the elevator. He didn't even have to press button, Jarvis automatically took him up to the penthouse. The doors opened and Steve stepped out into the penthouse and instantly he felt as if his head was swimming. He put a hand out to brace himself against the wall and steadied his stance. It had a hit him so fast and he wasn't expecting it...the scent...the heavy arousal in the air.
“Stop!” Tony said forcefully. “Stop I don't want to hear it! It's over it's done, we made our decisions we can just drop it.”
Steve smiled and loosened his grip. “I want you to feel good Tony. For helping me through this, for not making me feel like I was wrong or sick for enjoying what had happened.” Steve sat up from the bed and touched Tony's cheek lightly with his fingers.
The biggest change and perhaps the most relieving was there was no more pain. He could move, stretch, do anything and there was no more resistance, no more of the stabbing needles from his nerves. It had been a hard price to pay for the relief and he cared not to relive it. Although he was still coming to terms if whether or not losing the arm had been worth it. Tony had admitted to himself that he hadn't exactly been in a stable state of mind when he had ordered Nebula to cut it off and replace it.
More, Steve wanted so much more. He sat up a bit to strip Tony of his shirt and let his eyes roam over him appreciatively. Tony wasn't built like Steve, but there was the muscle definition although slighter in the young man. Steve leaned down to trail his lips down Tony's collar bone, soft gentle kisses over his skin towards a dusky nipple. He laved his tongue over the nub and heard the sharp inhale of a gasp from Tony causing Steve to smile as he enclosed his mouth over the sensitive peaked skin. Tony writhed beneath Steve, his hands roaming up over Steve's bare back as he moaned.
“Steve you with me? I'm gonna get you out of this. I just...I gotta...” The centipede moved closer forcing Tony to take a step back.
Unable to make himself wait anymore Tony finally took his cock in hand he let the leather scrape along his shaft, it pulled and tugged a little painfully, but he didn't pull his hand away just yet. He went slow so as not to cause any unnecessary discomfort. Just letting the fantasy dominate his mind of Steve's hands in those gloves touching him in such despicable ways. Steve in the stealth uniform, hungry and desperate for it he wouldn't even take the time to change, he'd touch, rub, fondle every inch of exposed flesh he could reach, and it would feel exactly like this.
Tony had wanted to see Steve's face during this, but he would be lying if he said he wasn't a little scared. He decided to listen to Steve's advice and he rolled over onto his stomach and looked back at Steve. “Like this?” Steve was sitting up on his knees and looking over Tony...it was so sinful what this young man was doing, what Steve was about to do, but he couldn't tear his eyes away. Tony on his hands and knees with his lubed ass presented for him, Steve could see a trail of the wet slick he had used trailing down from Tony's open hole and down his thigh. What Steve would have given to pump that man full of his seed, and see the fluid leak from his abused hole. He had to get a handle on himself this was getting a little out of control, but Steve hadn't had a sexual partner in years and now with Tony in front of him so needy and willing it was hard to push aside those dark and dirty thoughts that Steve tried to suppress.
“Hey, hey easy, you're with me, you're safe.” Steve said gently. Tony clasped his hand over Steve's as he tried to will his racing heart to slow.
Tony pointed to the drawer near the bed. “In there.” Steve pulled it open and rummaged around inside and sure enough found the box of condoms and a small bottle of lube. Steve made sure Tony was comfortable on his back and laid beside him. He nudged Tony's legs up and apart and lightly stroked his fingers along Tony's throbbing cock.
Tony groaned again and lifted his head a slight pout on his face. “I know...I can't help it. It slips out.” Steve just smiled and sat up a bit and turned himself to face Tony fully an adoring smile on his face as he looked over his precious omega.
There were...voices...distant and muffled, he couldn't make out the words only noise patterns that depicted speech. It was bright too, blinding and annoying. Strong hands were holding him down and there was a sharp prick in his arm, nearly instantly darkness enveloped him, and the muffled voices grew further and further away until they faded into silence. The cycle continued like that for some time, of slowly waking and then the gentle ease back into the realm of pleasant unconsciousness.
Steve's stomach tightened up as he felt the need to retch at the memory of his depravity. Tony had repeatedly told him no and it had been as if he were in a fog. He heard but it was like the words never processed, he never had any self control. God Tony probably hated him. Steve tugged at the restraints as the overwhelming sense of guilt consumed him.
Steve tightened his grip on Tony's wrists and he leaned in closer, crowding Tony against the window pane. Steve's breath was coming out in shaky uneven pants, his blue eyes guilt ridden and sorrowful. “I should have....I-I...” Steve's eyes searched Tony's handsome face, looking for what? Tony had no clue. He felt his own insides twisting in anxiety. “...Tony...” Steve sounded so broken, on the edge of some metaphorical cliff and ready to tumble down into the black abyss.
Steve knew just what angles to thrust at to hit his prostate. Tony arched up against him, rolling his hips back with Steve's thrusts, chasing the pleasure he was providing. "Yes, yes Steve, God yes that feels so good! fuck yes!" Tony moaned, hey he warned him he was vocal. "that's it, fuck me good and hard, I can take it! Yes! that's good, so good!"
“Eeeh I will live. I think.” Tony settled himself beside Steve. It was still unbelievable that this had happened between them. He knew that deep down Steve had his hesitations about the whole thing and Tony understood that, but he was confident that there would never be anyone that could replace Steve in his life.
This way he could have that, a small victory for his depravity, and Steve would never know of his mid life crises sexual infatuation. It could even help ease his problem if he got just that little taste of what it would be like. Not now though, he did have a lot of work to do but later...oh later he could have fun. Tony pocketed the gloves for the moment and set to work on the uniform and other small tasks he had for his team's equipment. That night though he headed to his room in the penthouse, the gloves still hidden away in his pants pocket, and no one would ever know.
Steve gripped Tony's hips tightly as he increased his pace, driving his length harder into Tony and hitting the man's pleasure spot repeatedly. Tony dropped down to rest his weight on his elbows making his back arch in a perfect curve. Steve dropped his weight over Tony, bracing his arms on either side of him and worked his hips to thrust his cock harder into Tony. Steve was in a complete pleasure high, Tony's body was hot, it squeezed around his shaft so well, the velvety walls almost massaging along Steve's sensitive cock. Tony's body took him perfectly, as if he had been made to take Steve like this.
“For now I'll agree to that, but I have some accommodations I would like to add myself. At least once a week you make time to have dinner with me, and I want us to be exclusive. You may not want to announce this to everyone and I get that, but I don't want anyone else to touch you...intimately.” Steve felt his face heat with a light blush as he said it. He had never considered himself a jealous man before, but knowing how Tony was very much desired by women and other men, it only triggered his alpha possessiveness. He had never been close enough to anyone before that made him regress to his basic instincts.
Steve felt Tony's dexterous fingers trailing gently up his stiff cock, it was the lightest brush of a touch, but it left Steve arching up and moaning for more. His member was twitching and already growing wet at the tip, the viscous fluid smeared messily over Steve's taught stomach. Tony held Steve's cock by the base and bent down to lick at the head and taste the leaking precome.
“Oh-Oh-Oh my-Oh God, Oh fuck Tony!” Steve panted as Tony's hot channel engulfed him, it was deep and slick, tight, and so warm Steve was getting lost in all of it, lost in the sounds, the smell, the feel of Tony around him. Steve stared up at the genius on top of him, his back arching, his chest heaving, hair a sweaty mess, his eyes closed in focus and bliss, his expression one of pure ecstasy. Steve reached a hand up and covered Tony's arc reactor feeling the warmth of the device and experiencing such a raw closeness he never thought was possible. Tony clasped his hand over Steve's threading their fingers together in an unspoken promise...you're safe with me.
Tony had a bit of a guilty expression as he looked to the bottle and then to Steve. “I was celebrating?” Was Steve about to give him one of his famous Captain America lectures, he really hoped not. Steve stood up and snagged the bottle reading the label for a moment. He turned it over in his hands unscrewed the cap and then took a swig from it.
Steve had glanced Tony's way and he certainly appeared surprised. The way Steve's eyes widened ever so slightly Tony could read it even from his distance. He gazed down at his drink, swirling it in his glass. So since it appeared that Steve hadn't expected him to be here. Steve would most likely be on high alert now, and would probably leave shortly, or take Tony out back and pummel him to ensure Tony didn't try to follow. Tony sipped his drink again and peered over to Steve to try and gauge his reaction.
Steve pulled back slightly then, lifting his head from Tony's and looking at him with hurt in his eyes. “I don't expect you to believe me, or even forgive, but it's the truth Tony. These last two years all I wanted was to find my way back to you, even if you didn't share my feelings...I just wanted you to know how sorry I am that our disagreements led to what they did.” Steve took a halting breath an then continued. “I was willing to wait as long as it took for you to let me back into your life. When I saw the news reports that you were missing and after everyone...the dusting...all I could think about was you and if you were somewhere safe and if I would ever see you again.”
“Well I must admit I'm already...” Steve paused and rubbed the back of his neck. “Already quite pleased with what I've seen. Aesthetically that is!” He added that last part hastily. A light blush rose into Steve's cheeks and he ducked his head a bit in embarrassment.
“Fuck-oh-fuck!” Tony moaned the combined pleasure of his dick sliding into Steve and the centipede assaulting his prostate had Tony coming like a geyser himself. He couldn't recall the last time he had an orgasm such as that, and such a copious amount of his seed that had spilled. Tony panted heavily as the centipede had finally released his arms from its hold and he let them fall limp to his sides as he caught his breath.
“Not going to happen!” Tony ground out, he dropped to his knee the effort of holding Thanos' fist too taxing on him. He had to make a bold move and fast otherwise this was going to end quickly. The armor wasn't replacing itself anymore, he had probably seconds before Thanos ended him. He couldn't hold the block, his arm was shaking from the strain and the pain was searing up his nerves like fire. Tony had to buy the others time, maybe they could escape with Strange and the stone.
Steve looked up to Tony and back at the broken snap with a small frown. “You have enough to do than fix my wardrobe. I can just put in a request to shield and-”
“This...is pollen collected from our little friend in the lab. Don't worry its been heavily diluted so neither of us will go into the exact same sex-craze as we had before but-” Tony wet his bottom lip with a swipe of his tongue before continuing. “this may give you enough of a sexual urge to bypass the mental block.”
They lost more of their clothing in a hurried frenzy, hands and lips touched and caressed over every inch of exposed skin. Steve kissed Tony deeply again, pulling the smaller man flush against him and rocking his hips into him so Tony could feel all of him, feel the affect he was having on his body. Tony bit back a moan when feeling the hardness of Steve's still covered cock pressed against his thigh, a jolt of arousal hit Tony settling deep in his groin. He needed more than this, he needed Steve naked, he needed the man to fuck him senseless so he could feel something other than the pain he carried and he suspected that Steve felt that way too. Just one night. One night they could forget about Thanos, the Avengers, the dusting, their falling out and just be together. Finally. After years of tip toeing and avoiding the issue they finally gave into their needs.
“Good luck out there Captain Rogers. Wakanda is always here for you.” Okoye called to him as Steve too entered the waiting aircraft. The bay door closed behind him and he stood there looking over his team, what was left of it. Natasha, Rhodes, Bruce, and Tony. Natasha was sitting in the pilot;s chair, Rhodey in the co-pilot's seat as they warmed up the engines.
They made love, and Tony swore he was going to either buy or build them a new bed that didn't squeak as often as this one did. It was comical at times, except when it wasn't, and it was incredibly distracting in the throes of his passion. Steve moved above him, bracketing his arms on either side of Tony and leaned down to kiss him as he thrust his hips rhythmically.
“I uh...” Steve didn't know what to say. He had let some pretty raunchy ideas slip out and now he regretted it deeply. Probably freaked Tony out. “We don't have to...what ever you are comfortable with Tony.”
“There is so much Tony, but right now I want your cock in me. I wanna ride you.” Steve watched as Tony swallowed hard and reveled in the view of Steve's naked form. He stretched suggestively to emphasize his point and reached out to Tony, stroking fingers down his thigh.
“No!” Steve found himself saying too quickly. He cleared his throat and said again in more collected tone. “...no...it's fine. Keep-Keep going...” His voice had dropped, deep with want and his hands had fallen from the paper, he now sat on the stool just admiring how Tony would run his hands over his gorgeous body. Steve's eyes were drawn across Tony's chest, the subtle sculpting of his muscle, dusky nipples now hard in the exposed air, the rise and fall of his breath. “Touch the piercing...” Steve ordered, because he had to see Tony's reaction to playing with that golden hoop.
“I wouldn't say worse, it only exponentially multiplied the effects on you. If it had been anyone else, it only would have taken longer for them to reach the same point that you had.” Bruce explained gently. That really didn't make Steve feel any better. No matter how many times he was told that it could have been anyone else there was that simple fact... it hadn't been someone else. It had been him. The encounter with the bug he could deal with, but what he had done to Tony, his team-mate that was inexcusable. Even in Steve's muddled mind he heard Tony protesting. He told him no, but Steve had persisted and exposed Tony to the bug's pheromones rendering him incapable of controlling his own actions.
“I...” Steve found that he was speechless. Tony had masturbated to thoughts of their experience together? “...I've thought about what we did...” He said in a hushed tone. “I couldn't tell anyone, I believed you would think I was deranged, that I was sick.” Steve felt a warm touch on his cheek and a gentle pressure of fingers coaxing him to turn his head and meet Tony's eyes again.
Steve ran his hand down Tony's chest, stomach, and grabbed his cock at the base. He stroked slowly while watching Tony's reactions. Tony closed his eyes, his hips thrusting up slightly with Steve's strokes. "yeah-yeah that's good, really good." He panted as Steve jerked him off.
“Just relax okay? This may feel odd.” Steve opened the bottle and poured some of the lube into his fingers and reached down between Tony's legs, dipping below his balls and caressed lightly around his hole.
Steve bracketed his arms on wither side of Tony as he snapped his hips forward, going for a harder and faster pace, and Tony appeared to love it rough. "You feel so good. So tight, taking my cock so well." He said as he continued to thrust into him. "Fuck, Tony!" He groaned.
“I must admit your mind has been one of the toughest to break. I admire that, you don't give up easily.” Thanos said as he lifted the gauntlet. His eyes met with Tony's. “When we're done you won't know what is reality and what is fantasy. Your mind will fracture and the reality stone will grant you peace in the world of your own making, but...sadly...none of it is real.” He closed his fist.
“Oh! Shit...sorry.” Tony apologized and got out of the bed with a slight wince. Yep he would be feeling that tomorrow. Tony grabbed a hand towel and ran it under some hot water and walked it back out to Steve. He thanked Tony and proceeded to wipe himself down. “Just toss it wherever I can have it cleaned.” Tony yawned and crawled back into the bed, Steve wrapped an arm around him and pulled him in close.
“...I don't know what I would have done had I lost you too.” Steve held firm, his thumb slid over the smooth surface of the prosthetic, like a gentle caress and the touch receptors fed the signals to Tony. A tender warmth ignited in his core, he couldn't remember the last time anyone had touched him like that.
Steve broke away, resting his forehead against Tony's and running his fingers through dark unruly hair affectionately. “I'm so sorry Tony...” Steve said in a gruff and strained voice.
“No” Pepper replied in her best commanding tone. “Stop lying and tell me the truth Tony. You had someone help you.” She watched as Tony shifted in the chair under her scrutinizing eyes, he winced again and then remained still.
"Is that better?" Steve asked as he straddled Tony, Steve was already hard again and rocked his hips, rubbing his own cock against Tony.
Pepper could see that Tony was fairly distressed about this situation. She stood up walked around the desk to pull the other empty chair forward, and sat in front of him. “Tony...Tony who was it? Why would having a relationship with an alpha lead to anyone knowing you're an...” She lowered her voice. “An omega.”
“You want some extra hands just in case?” Steve asked her, he needed something to do just a small task to occupy himself so his mind wouldn't trail back, back to watching his friends turn to dust before his eyes.
Steve exhaled as the warmth traveled through his body, he felt hot, his blood roaring through his veins as his cock stiffened and filled. Steve reached for Tony, his hand settling for the back of his neck and pressed their foreheads together as he breathed in and out with nearly labored breaths. There was soft pecking at the corner of his mouth and, in his hazy state it took Steve a moment to realize it was Tony pressing soft barely there kisses to his lips.
Steve reached a hand up and idly stroked Tony's arm and Tony leaned over for another kiss. They laid together slowly kissing, neither one wanting to break the spell, and return to what they had been before. To the hurt, the betrayal. Steve hadn't realized he fell asleep until the early morning light was filtering in the window, he cracked an eye open and found himself in an empty bed, but behind him he heard shuffling and closed his eyes again to feign sleep. He suspected that Tony was pulling his old tricks, and leaving before Steve had woken up, it was probably the safest option for them both. Talking would only lead to arguing again.
It wasn't finished with him yet. The centipede released another small puff of its pollen which this time Steve didn't fight. He breathed it in, the smell almost sweet like flowers and welcomed the hazy drunk feeling. The aches and soreness faded rapidly as Steve's system metabolized the pollen all too efficiently. He felt the fire ignite again inside himself, and the aches faded all he knew was he wanted more, he wanted to come again. There was the sound of the lab door sliding open, footsteps and then-
Reluctantly Tony released his cock and moved across the bed to rummage through the drawer for the bottle of lube he kept on hand. He re-positioned himself with his back against the mattress legs open, knees bent. With the bottle in hand he poured a generous amount onto the leather and reached down to spread it over his length. Tony sighed while he leaned his head back, and coated his cock giving himself a few extra pulls, it felt good, but he didn't want to be too hasty. Tony returned to slow delicate touches up his length lightly running up the underside with his fingertips teasing himself.
“It's nothing, no big deal. You've been in the front lines of battle before, this is nothing.” Steve scolded himself while he pulled away from the chaise lounger. Steve had been a war hero back in the day, he had turned the tide in the fight against Schmidt and his attempted invasion of the other kingdoms. The efforts in the war hadn't rested solely on Steve's shoulders, he owed his success to the experimental procedure he had undergone. The alchemist had concocted a strange and brilliant substance that had given Steve the body of a fighter.
After two years it was unusual to be back with the Avengers again, Tony though didn't exactly feel welcome. He had been on his own for two years while the rest of them had been working together, they had all been here on Earth while he was getting his shit rocked by Thanos. It was nice to see Bruce and Thor again, but it wasn't anything like old times. Everyone was plagued by a darkness now, and Tony could read it in their faces. He avoided Steve. He knew it was petty and in the greater scope they had so much more to worry about, but Tony was still clawing his way out of the void of defeat. If it hadn't been for Dr. Strange Tony would be dead.
Tony reached his nipples, the buds hardening under his touch as he circled his palms over them sending electric fissures of pleasure arcing through his nerves. His mouth fell open as he panted out harsher breaths his nipples feeling tight and sensitive with every touch. The leather scraped and rubbed his tender flesh, Tony rolled and pinched his nipples between his fingers making them throb and ache. Tony's cock twitched and pulsed with need as he played with his body, picturing Steve's hands on him, wearing the uniform gloves and all.
“Hmm why don't you give it something good to swallow?” Tony purred. “And put your own mouth to work?” Steve groaned and then took the appendage back into his mouth, he sucked it greedily while feeding the centipede the length of his own cock. Tony never thought the sight of Steve sucking off a giant sex bug would do it for him, but the visual of those lips wrapped around a cock had his balls tightening from the wave of arousal. The bug suddenly appeared to be convulsing, its fleshy body rippling and the legs spasming as the clear fluid spilled from its penile appendage into Steve's mouth.
“You always do that.” Steve commented and reached up stroking his finger over Tony's cheek affectionately.
“Hmm” Tony hummed with a smile and opened his eyes, looking over to Steve. “So...was I a sufficient model for you Steve?”
“Thank you.” Steve murmured, his body felt lax and worn, a little sore in places too. After the intensity of their sexual romp he was feeling tired and in need of a full night's rest to recover.
A fist was aiming for his unprotected head Tony raised his arms again to block, crossing them as he had done before, the hit pushed him back, his feet scraping against the dirt. The bleeding edge was losing more coverage, he was vulnerable.
“God-no-no what did I do?” He whispered. Where was Tony now? Probably taken far-far away so Steve couldn't subject him to any further assault. The burn of tears welled in Steve's eyes. Despite the rocky start between himself and Tony when the Avengers first formed they had worked close together and developed a sort of understanding of one another. It could even tentatively be called a fragile friendship. Tony possessed too much personality for Steve to handle on some days, but he had grown to admire the man's genius. Now that was all over. There was no way Tony could ever look at him the same way again. Steve had forced himself upon him and subjected Tony to the centipede's whims.
Steve inserted a second finger, bobbing his head now as he sucked Tony. He drove his fingers deep into him, stimulating his prostate. The first press had Tony groan a deep and sexy noise, and Steve was driven to force it out of him again. He drove his fingers hard and deep into him and pulled back to focus licking and sucking on the head of Tony's cock. Tony's hips were thrusting shallowly forward into Steve's mouth, he needed more he was so close just a little more.
“Steve...god I feel so...so full.” Tony panted as he acclimated to the intrusion in his body. It wasn't exactly a good feeling, but Tony had to admit it wasn't really bad either. Steve then gave a gentle nudge of his hips, driving himself just a little further in and the head of his cock struck against Tony's prostate. “Oh my-oh fuck!” Tony gasped. Steve took that as a good sign and did it again, slow gentle pushes into Tony. Steve was in no hurry to get off himself just yet as this was all about Tony, and he was determined to make his first time as memorable as possible.
Tony rounded on Steve. “Kill it? We don't even know what they had planned for it! This could be an all new species! We can't just kill it before we know what it even is.”
The corner's of Tony's mouth quirked up. “Uh huh...I suppose we'll table that for another time.” He said and stroked the metal fingers through Steve's now unruly hair.
The pollen's affects were beginning to fade and with that the pain blockers from the endorphins. Steve's body was beginning to feel the first hints of the aches that were to come from such vigorous activities. The serum allowed for him to experience multiple orgasms, but even super soldiers had a limit, and with the pollen from the centipede it had pushed Steve well beyond that limit. The exhaustion began to settle inside himself. Tony wasn't faring any better, without the blessing of the serum granting him extra endurance he was crashing hard.
Steve switched pencils and began to add the real detail, darker bold lines and he saw the piece starting to come to life. From this angle it appeared as if Tony were staring at the viewer with those deep brown eyes of his. Steve used his finger to blend some spots, blew a puff of air to clear away excess dust from the pencil and sat back admiring his work so far. The face was coming together but he needed to add detail to the body. Steve moved his hand over to the chest adding value to the picture, shading and finer details such as the little golden hoop in Tony's nipple.
Tony turned his head gazing at Steve in bewilderment. “Why? Why would you offer me such a thing, you hardly know me. This is just post orgasm pillow-talk I've heard it all before Steve. Not that I don't appreciate the gesture, but you'll come to your senses in the morning.”
like spindly fleshy fingers, its wet protrusion that had been nudging and probing Tony's ass was forced roughly into his body, Tony's hips stuttered, and he thrust particularly hard and deep into Steve, gasping from the sudden invasion.
“Alph-Steve.” Tony corrected in a breathy gasp. Steve was holding back and intentionally driving him mad, every brush and touch of his fingers over him sent shivers up his spine and a spiking of heat in his groin. He needed to be filled. “Please...more.” Tony closed his eyes as Steve resumed sucking on his cock, he didn't stifle the gasp as he felt the finger finally breech him. Tony sucked in a quick breath and moaned. Yes. This was what he had wanted. The obscenely dirty sounds filled the air, the wet squelch as Steve drove his finger into him repeatedly, and the sucking slurp noise of Steve's mouth around his cock.
“Yes.” Tony replied. “Though they have offered me as a gift to visitors. Women of high royalty and such.” Tony plucked at a thread on the cushion he was seated on. “We really are not supposed to speak of who we service. Client confidentiality of sorts.”
“Easy for you to say.” Tony turned his head and met Steve's eyes. “Tough to keep a positive.” Steve didn't want to argue tonight, instead he just pressed a gentle kiss to Tony's lips. Then another, and another, slowly parting his lips for Tony and allowing him to slip his tongue in. They made out for several long minutes while Steve petted his hands along Tony's body. He tried again to coax Tony's penis into hardness, but tonight his body refused to cooperate. Tony grunted and reached his hand down and closed it over Steve's wrist to stop him.
"We'll have to fix that. Won't we." Steve said as he met Tony's gaze for a moment, and moved in for another deep and longing kiss. Tony returned the kiss, wrapping his arms around his neck, holding him as he kissed him with growing urgency.
Momentarily blinded and caught off guard Steve doubled over coughing as the substance worked its way into his lungs. With his hand Steve wiped the powder from his eyes and he gaped at the sight before him. The centipede was massive now, possibly 12 feel long maybe more, it reared up its phallic shaped head level with Steve's, its maw opened two long red pincers twitching and quivering. Its many legs aligned evenly down its fleshy body, and it swayed almost curiously in front of Steve.
“That is not what this is about!” Steve bit back in anger. “I'm well aware of the benefits of talking to mental health professionals, and I am not a homophobic bigot!”
Having come once already Tony felt lose and relaxed so there was little difficulty for Steve to penetrate him with the first finger. Coated in lube it slipped in easily with little resistance and Steve was soon pumping it in and out of Tony's channel with ease. Once he had inserted the second finger though that was when it felt tight and the stretch burned. Steve took his time with the two fingers, slipping them slowly into Tony's ass, who was on his back and holding his thighs wide and open. Tony at first made little noise, a soft grunt, a hiss and a few murmured words of encouragement, but when Steve curled his fingers just so and pressed against Tony's prostate his whole body jolted and he groaned in pleasure.
It still made Steve's stomach churn whenever he saw the thing, and that it kept getting bigger only made him feel more uneasy. He stopped hanging around he lab and avoided having to go down there so he didn't have to look at the grotesque creature. He swore it had been watching him, whenever he was nearby the creature would rear itself up and would sway by the glass, its pincers clicking together. It was the stuff of nightmares, like something straight out of a Lovecraft novel, it made Steve cringe whenever he saw it squirming about.
"Nice to meet you Steve so how about that drink?" Tony was perfectly aware alcohol would do nothing for him, but if they were supposed to be strangers in a bar then he wouldn't know any of that. Actually here at this moment they were two normal people not a super soldier from the 40's, and certainly not the owner of a billion dollar company. "Unless I am bothering you." He tilted his head slightly in question. The ball was in Steve's court now, and Tony was honestly waiting for Steve to call him out on this little charade and just get up and walk out.
Steve’s breath hissed out from lax lips.  “Like a hobo,” he managed, and he felt Tony’s laughter, soft and warm, against his jaw.  He smiled.  “Just because you look good with a beard doesn’t mean that everyone else does.”
Tony smiled.  “I love you, too,” he said, building miracles with numbers and simple gestures.  “Let’s get our kid back.”
