Castiel continued to approach and he gestured to the couch. Dean nodded, granting permission to the unspoken question. Castiel sat down and brought one of his legs up on the couch, but not getting
His new soulmate was a freaking sex god. He was in awe of the prowess this American spy had. His skills definitely superseded all of the ‘professionals’ he had been hiring these years.
“Goodbye, Karen,” Dean farewelled as he followed Bobby inside the office.
The writing in that book was immaculate. It was incredibly unlikely that style of prose came from an amateur novelist. That came from someone who studied literature immensely, who would have needed to practice their writing craft relentlessly over years to perfect. If Castiel was actively a criminal his entire life, he likely would not have had the time for this side hobby.
“It’s good to see everybody,” Anna replied diplomatically.
“She’s fine. She keeps feeding me organic healthy shit. I’d kill for a cheeseburger at the Roadhouse, but she even has Ellen conspiring against me. I’m being held hostage in a conspiracy to live until a very old age,” Bobby complained.
“We’re not going to have an efficient escape if you tempt me to give you road head instead,” Castiel warned, earning a disappointing groan from Dean.
“Yes, we should,” Castiel said. “I hope to see you all soon. Your home is quite beautiful.”
“Have you spent a lot of time in America, previously?” Dean asked. He didn’t think Gabriel would actually answer much. He was the hostage here after all, although there was little Dean would likely be able to do with any information. He just wanted a distraction from his situation.
Dean wondered what Castiel’s recommendations meant to him. Was it just an innate part of his job? Did he choose random ones, or were the choices more? Was Castiel looking to make a connection with his customers, Dean specifically, or is he not expecting any at all?
Anna gave him a confused look. “The….gas station?”
. They were destined by fate to genuinely love each other to unbreakable extents. For better or worse, knowing the deepest insides of each other and choosing to stay. Somehow, Dean was supposed to be okay with everything Castiel had done, and somehow Castiel was supposed to trust his enemy with his life.
He had nothing to keep himself busy, and he felt like this town was suffocating him. He made his way to Bobby’s Auto Shop and let himself in. Some unpaid overtime was the perfect distraction to keep his mind off of things for a few hours.
“I understand,” Charlie said. “Let me pick you up in an hour, I’ll get ready.”
It was time for Dean to head out for the day to get the kids from school. He made up his missing hours at home on a secure VPN. “See you tomorrow, Jo,” he said as he left and made his way to the school.
and now you’re getting two entrees.”
“Heya, Cas,” Dean said as he approached.
like it, it’s nerdy, but when
Castiel quickly rushed over to him, but he was too delirious, and his vision as too affected now to read his face.
Castiel chuckled. “You think I would stay in a room like this?”
“Kids upstairs?” Dean asked.
It took multiple meetings discussing the risks of allowing Castiel to be around him or the children, but eventually Dean had to confide in Bobby that Castiel was technically his soulmate. After a very long and angry verbal assault from his chief, they started to put the pieces in place.
“Well I’m glad, Mr. Supervisor,” Sam said with a complimentary tone.
“Well, it is like I say: If it looks like a rat, walks like a rat, and it’s in your kitchen, it may be better to kill it before it shits in your food anyways. What is worse? Losing 1-3 employees due to careless actions, or losing your empire?” Markoff said.
“Of course!” Castiel replied. Dean smiled. He was relieved the kids were taking a liking to Castiel. He was worried how it would all be once Cas moved in, but Castiel had never given Dean any reason to doubt he was trying to let go of the past now.
“I had a good talk with Bobby,” Dean said. “I can’t be afraid to live my life. I’m going to tell Cas I love him at the festival tonight.”
“I know that look,” the gentleman said. “Whom are you thinking about?”
Dean made a bashful noise as he averted his eyes and looked at his feet. “I don’t think I’d say that.”
“I’m sorry,” she said. “It’s not a positive experience, from experience.”
Sam and his wife Eileen were a successful lawyers, which paved the way for Sam to later become a human rights lobbyist, fighting every day in DC on behalf of his bisexual brother, fellow people with disabilities, and all other racial and socioeconomic minorities. Those two were smart and incredibly impressive to Dean. He had some accomplishments himself, but being an agent was different. He had some smarts, but often he needed to rely on having better aim and evasive maneuvers than his adversaries.
“Thank you for waking up,” the blonde woman said in English, her Russian accent no longer existent.
“Is there a problem back there, Mr. Novak?” the driver asked in a way that definitely made Dean lean towards this was Zachary’s guy. “Mr. Adlich said the hostage may get unruly.”
“Cas-” Dean instinctively protested. Why was he protesting? He should be happy with his. He should have actively been trying to encourage Cas into letting him go this whole time, but he never did, nor was anything his intention. If Cas gave him up, that was the end of this.
“Can I pick you up again?” Cas asked.
“Just now, sir. I thought it best to deliver the message prompt,” he replied.
Dean was given permission to contact Sam, although Jo had already been authorized to inform Sam that contact with Dean was made the other day and he was alive and well.
dress up, he cleaned up pretty nice. He felt like James Bond whenever he looked this immaculate.
Dean scoffed slightly, uncomfortably at their praise. “More like one out of two.”
“Thank you!” She said cheerfully before moving to something more solemn. “I, uh, heard about you and Cas. I’m sorry.”
to hurt Dean, but that is what happened; that was life. Things just don’t work out sometimes. What if he did end up hurting Cas some way or another down the road? That was never something one could plan for or avoid.
He needed to take a deep breath and look away before he thought about the height too much. He turned over to a woman sitting in the aisle seat (thank goodness nobody as in the middle) when he noticed an image of an arrow on her left arm.
“Yeah,” Jack confirmed. “He’s picking me up today, one of my aunt’s needed to borrow my car this morning.”
Cas shook his head, hiding his embarrassed smile. “No, you fiend. We’re going to see the campus’s orchestra band.”
The next few days after Thanksgiving were relaxing and peaceful for Dean. He read his book from Cas, and he thought about Cas’s number in his phone. Should he text him? Invite him somewhere? He still wasn’t sure if he should pursue anything, but he couldn’t shake the man off his mind.
“Yes, I am giving him back to the FBI for my brother,” Castiel replied.
“Nothing yet, I’m hitting dead ends,” she stated, but as she talked, and as out of view as the cameras as she could, she signed with her hands an internal gesture to ask “Are there bugs in this room?” Usually this was either used for agents asking if they pre-bugged a room they needed, or if there was risk of themselves being bugged.
Castiel brought their hands up and stared at them intently. “I think our fingers fit too easily together like this.”
He leaned forward and kissed Castiel tenderly. Castiel immediately melted in to the kiss and reciprocated. He wrapped his arms around Dean’s back and held him tight as Dean kissed him.
“Look who’s here! The runaways!” Gabriel announced from the entrance sitting room where he sat with a beer.
There were no human trafficking ties to Novak, and if there were, this henchman wouldn’t have implied as such so cavalierly, even if he didn’t intend for Dean to live. Although, he couldn’t be too sure.
Castiel let out an amused chuckle. He technically hadn’t returned the fellatio last night, although he did eat Dean out, but it wasn’t the same. Dean was so sleepy right now. If he wasn’t stimulated, he would surely fall right back asleep.
“Bobby may have mentioned it,” Sam replied with a shyer smile.
that was such a seductive, coy growl he had in his voice. Dean wanted desperately to grab Castiel by the tie, pull him back to his side and keep kissing, but he would refrain.
He wanted to think about this logically, but at the same time, thinking was the last thing he wanted to do. He made his way all the way back into town and headed to The Roadhouse.
Sam tucked Jack and Claire into the singular queen sized guest bed at his house.
Cas took a deep breath to settle the laughter, but still looked at Dean with the most delighted expression ever. “You don’t remember?”
“Because I-”
Castiel continued to look and feel guilty and Dean put his arm on Cas’s shoulder. “Stop that. You don’t have to be that guy anymore ever again.”
There were tears in his eyes and strain in his voice. He wasn’t worried about how Dean could manipulate this vulnerability, or maybe he was and chose to be vulnerable anyways. A part of Castiel
“Yeah, well,” Castiel replied bitterly. “He’s not all sunshine and rainbows.”
Dean smiled softly, although he wasn’t in the mood to smile, but he couldn’t help it around Cas. The thought of Cas sitting in his cute loveseat couch, reading a book while holding a glass of wine was really cute. “That’ll be fine.”
Roman dragged the scalpel down, tearing through his flesh, and Dean wanted nothing more than for the pain to kill him and put him out of his misery. He would spill everything he could if the pain could magically stop.
“It’s very tempting,” the man said. “But Castiel wouldn’t be happy with me. I’d be in that chair next.”
Bobby unwrapped two wooden beer mugs that were made out of a baseball bat. The mugs had the Kansas City Royals logo pyrographed into the wood. “Oh wow, you guys! This is pretty cool!”
“Please let us go! We will do anything!” the man instantly began to plead.
They had a nice meal together, their first one, but it was hard to talk about typical date stuff, like their future, so they talked about their pasts. Dean told Cas about his teenage years, helping raise his brother, and he talked about his children.
“-she already agreed to go to go with me to the Biodiversity Institute and Natural History Museum!”
It being nice for Dean was the priority. As nice as it would feel for Castiel to just roughly use Dean how he wanted, he wasn’t going to hurt him. He’d never act selfishly at Dean’s expense, he’d never abuse Dean. There would hopefully be plenty of time for both of them to enjoy rough sex with each other once they got more comfortable with one another and knew each other’s limits, but as Castiel stated, he wanted to make love now.
“That is enough, Anastasia,” Castiel contested playfully. “You are done being ridiculous.” He stood, distancing himself from her, but reached out to her with your hand. “The only man who needs to see his soulmate right now is Balthazar, who is currently waiting for his bride-to-be!”
” Castiel
He set the phone on the edge of the bed behind him and started to remove his own suit and tie so Cas could see their marks in comparison.
He set the photograph down and took up his glass again, bringing it to his lips. He was still restless, not relaxed enough. He took out his phone and scrolled through the contacts before clicking on a name and he brought the phone up to his ear.
“Dick,” he choked out as his hole continued to be played with. Cas began to stroke himself as he continued to probe Dean’s hole. He was so hard, and he wanted to feel Dean around his cock.
He let himself into the suite and saw Dean sitting on the couch. He was watching TV. He turned to Castiel, his expression was one of surprise. “Cas,” he replied with astonishment before he went to pause the TV and turned back to him.
Dean looked at him with a pained expression and reached out to stroke Castiel’s face, which made him wince. “We’re soulmates, Cas. And sure, we have to do a bit of dating and getting to know each other, but I know I’m looking forward to it and I know I’m going to like what I’m going to see.”
His entire family, save Gabriel by a miracle, was wiped out and decimated all because he was off across the continent writing some stupid book instead of helping his family like he should have. His selfishness cost his family
Wednesday was the highlight of Dean’s week so far. Jack had gotten dropped off that morning instead of driving himself, but Dean didn’t see who had dropped him off. Dean finished reading his book on his lunch break. He closed the book and had a satisfied expression on his face, which Jack must’ve noticed.
“Here you go, dearies,” the older woman said.
Dean smiled bashfully, partially embarrassed. “I’m truly sorry, Ellen,” he said as he approached her. “Would you believe me if I said I’m definitely regretting not coming sooner?”
event, but they still cordially said hello. Anna and Jack were the only ones Castiel talked to outside of Sundays for most things. Akobel would occasionally send him a movie suggestion and link to one of his reviews and he’d occasionally talk to Naomi about cool medical findings, but he already had Anna for that.
“You want to show your kidnapper your children?” Jo asked. She had a fair point.
This person was so far removed from the man he once was, the man he longed to be, but could never recover.
Castiel just stared at the man from his seat and took another drink. He had refilled it during his wait, and was now feeling a nice buzz that would make the night feel better. “Strip.”
The kiss and the stare sent electricity through Dean. The kiss was chaste, but he initiated something physical. They weren’t just on innuendos and entendre, Castiel
They made their way to a movie plex that had a large and full parking lot. They pulled in and made their way to the back of the lot where they were less likely to be seen. Castiel found an early 2000’s car that wouldn’t have the GPS tracking.
looked like he was trying to make the impression, and maybe he was.
They all politely obeyed, nobody feeling hurt. Anastasia was the oldest female of the family, and Castiel was the youngest child. With a large family, their parents only did so much, so raising Gabriel and Castiel mostly fell on her shoulders, so there was no surprise by their closeness.
“No baby talk please, you sound my parents,” she playfully whined. “You will get zero pie if you act up!”
“We’re so different, though. Like you said, I’ve been through hell. He’s from that rich Novak family,” Dean argued. “He’s going to see I’m not worth much.”
Meg gave another curious smile. “I think you should give ours a chance when you can. Hope you have a good rest of your day.”
Castiel climbed in to his driver’s side and buckled up. “I know the feeling,” he stated. “I have twelve brothers and sisters. They can be pretty embarrassing.”
“Flattered,” Castiel answered sternly before placing a fast peck on Dean’s lips. “Very.” Peck. “Very.” Peck. “Flattered.” The kiss following that final word was deeper, more passionate to convey the meaning. “I know I’m riled up, but never think for a moment that this connection is so superficial to me, Dean Winchester. I am sincerely sorry for the circumstances that brought us together, but you mean everything to me already.”
“Hating us this much?” Charlie asked.
“I’ll take whiskey, please,” he requested.
He let himself enjoy being held by Dean for a while. He never really let himself enjoy anything. Even the prostitutes he ordered were to fulfil a need. They stimulated him in the places he wanted, and they did what he wanted for his pleasure, but he didn’t
“As lovely as a double date sounds-,” Cas interrupted. “I would prefer some alone time with you.”
He opened up the cabinet that was hiding his liquor glasses and a mini freezer. He removed a whiskey glass and dropped in an ice sphere. He poured the whisky over the ice and generously gave himself a double portion.
“I’m Dean Winchester,” Dean introduced.
“Immediately! We exchanged numbers, arranged a date, and it was a magical evening,” Gleb wept.
. What the hell changed?”
get this
“Call it a hopeful guess,” Castiel said. Dean wasn’t sure what he meant by that.
This was his chance, he could break free and fight him mano-a-mano. He got out of the bed and charged his way around the corner where Castiel was alone and unguarded. With a furious growl, Dean prepared himself to tackle Castiel, ready for a fight.
She headed to the coffee machine to bring over an almost full pot. “This was just made for the guy who left when you walked in, so don’t worry about the age.” She put a coffee cup in front of Dean and filled it up. “So, what would you like for breakfast?”
Just as he asked, he heard footsteps coming down the stairs and his face turned into a groan.
Dean’s heart skipped a beat when he heard the name he wasn’t bringing himself to think of for the past several hours…or even years. He didn’t know if Ellen was starting at him, waiting for his expression, or if he reacted and it grabbed her attention. He couldn’t read the look on her face. Was it smug and all knowing, or actually innocuous and Dean was just overthinking? It was likely the former if Dean was being honest.
He didn’t want that to be
“Goodbye, Dean!” Sam quickly announced, narrowly making the announcement at the speed Dean left. He was excited to be productive again and get a jump start at work.
“I was kidding…..mostly,” Castiel said Dean gave him a suspicious look. “Fine, I was serious, but I can do better…at some point. I get the feeling we’re about to fight our way through shit now, though.”
“I brought you a picture of your kids,” Jo said. “It was the safest way for you to see them again.” She took a photograph out of her pocket and handed it over to Dean. He flipped it over to look at the picture and his smile grew wide. Castiel loved seeing Dean smile like that.
“No, you don’t have to,” Cas said. “I have a…membership pass thing I can redeem, so don’t worry about it, just wait for me over here, ok?”
, I see you and Castiel Novak are looking very romantic. Do you believe me now when I said people fall in love at this festival?”
Dean smiled fondly at Castiel as he went back to reaching for Castiel’s cock to slide it into his hole. Dean made another pornographic face, and Castiel wasn’t sure how long he’d last. “I definitely want to give you as many memories as possible, Cas.”
“I was trying to save up money to get back here on my own, Castiel,” he said sincerely, Cas’s eyes widening at the use of his full name. “But Jo told me you were already gone and she didn’t know where.” His voice faltered, and Cas looked vulnerable and apologetic.
“Good Morning, Mr. and Mrs. Bortnik. I’m sorry to interrupt your weekend, but Mr. Bortnik’s services are needed,” Castiel said. He made his way over to the man and removed the gag from his mouth.
“I’m sorry, you’re
Cas nodded, seeing something in Den’s eyes that made him understand why Dean needed this so badly and what it meant to him. “Of course, Dean. Just, give me a minute, okay? I’ll meet you in the lobby.”
She exhaled in frustration. Would she be next? She couldn’t go home and risk being ambushed. But the mole was inside these walls, and she wasn’t much safer here. She’d never be able to get Dean back without resources, but she didn’t know who to turn to.
Would Cas even be the same person Dean got to know in high school? A decade was an extremely long time. What if they did meet again and he wanted nothing to do with Dean? What if he was a friend of convenience at the time?
“Yeah, how’d you know?”
He made his way towards his chaise as he took a sip of his drink. He wanted to unwind after his long day. Before the torture, he met with a client to arrange a sale. Castiel would supply the guns, and he would supply the funds and
. It definitely sounded like a romance between two knights. Dean just reached towards the book, looking back at Castiel’s blue eyes which were looking at him apprehensively. Dean’s hand briefly brushed up against Castiel’s, which was still on the bookshelf, but the librarian didn’t pull away.
Castiel hesitated momentarily, processing if he wanted to see his mark for the very first time in his life. “I think I do.”
Dean removed the book from its space and held it, pointing the cover to Castiel. “This the one?”
Castiel sighed heavily with a humored smile. “Not this again, this day is about you and
He wasn’t sure if he was insane, stupid, reckless, or what he was; but he became even less sure of himself once he heard the doorbell ring, announcing Castiel’s arrival.
“It’s your money, too,” Castiel said with a sigh. “I just….don’t want you to turn into any of them, any of
Art had always calmed him when he was feeling low. He refused to ever go on a date here. He wouldn’t allow any guy who may beak his heart to ruin this place for him. He loved trying to see as many intricate details as he could in the paintings. It was too easy to miss at a distance when you were taking in the picture as a whole. It helped him to take his time and not under-appreciate the art.
But everything was worth it. Dean got to come home to Castiel every night, and he was great with the children, and they loved him. They were too young to know the truth about their biological family, and Dean wasn’t sure if they ever needed to know that Castiel held him hostage, but they would take things one step at a time.
your ankles on my shoulders on our honeymoon.”
Roman began to talk in Russian, something Dean couldn’t understand, but he seemed to be pleading, desperately. He got more afraid as Castiel approached. Castiel grabbed him by the neck and began to squeeze before pulling Roman towards him to get the momentum to thrust Roman’s head against the wall. Castiel pulled and pushed repeatedly, slamming Roman’s skull against the wall again and again until Dean heard a crack and a squish, followed by a heavy thud.
“Ohhhhh,” she said. “That’s pretty fast. What kind of bird was that supposed to be anyways?”
Castiel’s smile lit up, truly interested in Dean’s words. “That’s wonderful. I’m glad for the both of you.”
Most translations will be at the bottom notes. I apologize if any are missed or aren't entirely correct.
If Jack noticed anything odd about Dean’s behavior, he didn’t comment on it. “Yeah, he is.”
good reason I just launched us from a moving vehicle and shot someone,” Cas said with a n out of breath gasp.
= = = =
He opened his eyes to look at Dean, who was still looking at him with warmth and kindness. He felt unworthy of his praise. Maybe that was why Dean was his soulmate, to bring him back to the Castiel he once was; to prove that Castiel was worth a second chance.
Dean groaned. “I can’t even begin to think about Christmas right now,” Dean stated.
As the prostitute hooked his thumbs into the waistband, Castiel utter a notice of disapproval, and shook his head. Instead, he just motioned with his finger to approach. The man took a step, and Castiel made another disapproving noise. “On your knees.”
“BECAUSE I’M SICK OF ME!” Dean snapped back. He was shaking a little, and he felt tears building up that he wasn’t expecting. Bobby just looked at pity and remorse; Dean’s least favorite things. “I’m a broke thirty-something that wasted his early twenties, invested everything I had into Lisa, and guess what? She finally figured out what I’ve known my whole life. I’m a dumb mechanic with nothing good to offer her or anyone-”
terrible feeling was the soulmate experience. Although, everyone always gave coy descriptors such as ‘Trust me, you’ll know’ or ‘It’s not something you forget or misinterpret’.
Dean’s mouth betrayed him and for the slightest of seconds, broke into a weak smile. It was still weighted down by his heavy emotions, but his muscles attempted a smile upon hearing Cas was good.
relaxed. “What was the nightmare about?”
Dean smiled at the condescending flirtation/threat he was receiving with the detailed list of contingencies that would counter any idea Dean came up with. “What time will you be home from work, darling?”
“Will you let me see your mark?” Dean asked. “I’m fairly positive we’re going to match now and I shouldn’t need the reassurance, but….it’s just something I need.”
Castiel stood up and pushed Gabriel out of his personal space. “No I am not compromised by this!”
I make an honest attempt first to get to know them, when the time comes.”
There’s still the option that Cas has Dean killed. Ironically, that was sounding like the easiest, most hassle-free option. But if Cas really hated being this person, he didn’t think that scenario would need come to fruition.
He turned to Castiel, who was clapping and smiling for the newlywed couple and Dean wanted that moment with Castiel more than anything in the world. He wanted Castiel to look at him with the same magical wonder and awe that Charlie and Jo had displayed.
They met up at the rendezvous point and a few cars arrived with half a dozen FBI Agents. Dean had advised that although he negotiated as nice treatment as he could, he’d still be treated a bit like a criminal, so Castiel was prepared to not receive a warm greeting on his end.
“Yes,” he confirmed. “My family is very religious, we had quite a full house.”
“I missed you too, Cas,” Dean replied. He turned to his family and gave them the peace sign with his fingers. “I’ll catch up with you losers later!”
The pickup coordinates and time were provided to them. They wouldn’t be able to extract them until the next morning, so they had one more night together at least.
“That doesn’t answer why I’m in missing clothing,” Dean replied angrily.
“I’m…in the mood for sweets,” Cas said.
the infamous Winchester that Castiel can’t stop talking about.”
“Yeah,” Dean said softly. “Bobby wanted me to have a half day for…..mental health or something like that.” He was flustered and embarrassed, but he earned a soft smile from Jess.
“That’s what family is for,” Sam replied.
“That is incredibly risky and potentially short-sighted,” Castiel said. “I pride myself of being methodical, meticulous. I must plan everything and prepare for every outcome.”
Dean’s smile grew wide as did Jess’s because she was overly  obsessed with her brother-in-law’s gay relationship. “You don’t…have to…and even if you were open to the idea, it wouldn’t need to be soon at all in any way, but you’re over very frequently already and-”
“Text him, please. Or whatever you kids do these days,” he begged.
“Because you needed to be washed up,” Castiel said towering over him, keeping his hands firmly pressed on Dean’s shoulder to prevent him from getting up again. “I assure you the integrity of your asshole is still the same as prior to you being kidnapped. Now, stop being difficult and let me check the bandage for you.”
“Goodnight, Cas,” Dean replied softly.
“Y-yes,” the man replied with confusion.
“Zdravstvuyte, Castiel,” the man greeted.
“We don’t even know where to find this fucker, and now he’s got the only guy who could find out!” Jo shouted.
They drove through the night until Castiel found a motel for them to crash at. Castiel had numerous untraceable credit cards that shouldn’t be flagged by the FBI. Dean had confirmed they didn’t know anything about his financial accounts.
Dean tensed up slightly, it wasn’t a positive memory. “I left when my dad died,” he said, leaving it at that.
They made sure the car was free of all mobile devices, but who knew what else the car had? They needed a new one
“Can I help you find anything?” the voice asked again, this time, closer behind Dean. He turned around to look at the man, and recognized him as the attractive man he briefly caught a glimpse of back at the diner yesterday.
“Don’t go falling asleep on me,” Roman said as he prepped another syringe with another unknown liquid. “I need you to answer some questions.”
“You get cell service in here?” Dean asked, referencing Gabriel looking at his phone. Gabriel let out a small humored hum.
Castiel paid for two separate rooms. He didn’t need judgement from the clerk or him calling the authorities on them. The clerk gave them the keys and they made their way down the hallway.
Castiel just nodded slowly. “Yup, that’s the one.” He couldn’t look at Dean, which meant Cas couldn’t see Dean’s nervous smile as well. He could take a guess as to why he was recommended this place now. But still, Dean liked to figure things out for himself.
Dean rolled his eyes and sighed heavily. “I’m good at what I do? I’ve slowly been slotted bigger and bigger cases, bigger fish to fry, but your assignment is unlike my previous ones. I maybe had the best availability.”
She raised an eyebrow at him curiously. “Just trying to help an old friend out.” She dipped behind the kitchen to check on Cas’s food. He felt a little bad, but Meg was an instigator and kindness wasn’t her strongest suit.
Castiel smirked. It was the second time Dean called him that nickname. Maybe he was sleepy, but he liked it this time around. “I wanted to see you,” Castiel admitted.
. He wanted to imagine that Dean was not his adversary, that he was Castiel’s partner in crime for a moment. He’s come home from a long day at work, and Dean would be waiting for him. He’d make Castiel a drink from the decanter before giving him a massage as Castiel sat on the couch and Dean stood behind it, ask him about his day, put little kisses on his forehead before he’d move from behind to Castiel to in front. Then, he’d sink on his knees, wrap his beautiful digits around Castiel’s belt buckle to undo it, free his hardening cock, and take it all into his mouth while staring right at Castiel with those shimmering verdant eyes.
“No,” Anna replied curiously. “Jack took his mother’s last name, Kline because his father Lucifer is an asshat. Castiel and I had the last name Novak, but I changed it.”
He made his way to the hidden bunker and navigated the concrete halls until he got to one of the vaulted rooms, similar to where Dean was held.
Sam nodded gently and have him a soft smile. “Well, I’m proud of you, Dean.”
He chuckled softly as he sat down with her and gently cupped her face, safely enough to not ruin her wedding make up. “I worry the family resents me for not following the business.”
Dean just nodded his head. Castiel knew something was amiss. “You spoke to Anna, didn’t you?”
“Dean!” She greeted enthusiastically. She was excited, and out of breath, and perhaps a little unhinged at the moment. “You will
They arrived at the hospital in about twenty minutes. They were fortunate to have such a large hospital conveniently outside of town. They texted Jess that they were at her car; she had waited inside the hospital to keep warm.
“Well, I’m here to give you drinks until you do,” she said as she refilled his glass.
“You’re damn right,” she replied as Dean and Cas approached. It was crowded and sloppy, but it was warm, and the best hug Dean ever had. He looked over at Cas, who had been fully welcomed and integrated into this little family already.
Dean tilted his head in a curious manner. He looked like he wanted more to say. “But that doesn’t help the
Jess still looked so happy for Dean and she trotted her way to the kitchen. “Well, we have some time to kill until the festival, sooo…..” she held up a bottle of champagne from the counter. “Mimosas and Christmas movies?”
Dean just needed to kill time and distract himself from writhing with anxiety all day. He just wanted to shoot his shot, get it over with, and have the cards fall where they may.
“Are we in danger?” Castiel asked.
“He and his wife are doing great. He’s a lawyer, she’s a doctor,” Dean stated. They heard the bus noises slowly approach and they turned to it instinctively. “Were you hoping on?”
Castiel continued to eye Dean and he watched as he gave the elevator eyes up and down. Usually this meant Dean was being objectified, but he felt that wasn’t the case here. “No, I don’t think that you do.” Dean wasn’t sure how to respond to that, but luckily it appeared Castiel was going to fill the empty silence before Dean could fuck it up further. “I am aware my vernacular can be off-putting. I have always been this way, even as a child. The career of a librarian was probably an effect of my language, but not the cause. However, just as you didn’t want to seem offensive, I hope I am not coming across as pretentious.”
“He has no cellphone reception where he’s at. He needs to use this old booth that has a landline in it, and you pay with quarters, and because of the time difference and the cost, he can only reach me for a very short amount of time,” he lied.
Dean chuckled as Cas repositioned himself so they were facing each other, while still in his arms. “I’m more than happy to scare off your wealthy, possibly pretentious and elitist family
He pulled the faucet tab and the water began to cascade onto them. Dean grabbed the washcloth and poured some liquid soap into it before he moved to rub the cloth gently over Castiel’s torso.
People didn’t want to know about their partners flaws, did they? Wasn’t everyone already looking for reasons to run? Did Castiel expect him to just hand those on a silver platter?
Cas nodded. “Maybe that’s what I need after all, a fresh start somewhere else. Maybe your father at least got that right.”
Castiel smirked. “I know many people who equate success with getting out of their small town, and failure with not being able to do so. But I left the state for college, and I’ve had a few holidays in a few different American cities. But you know home when you see it, and Angel City has always been that for me. Lucifer got out the moment they could. Uriel and Amenadiel left too, but the rest of us are still around.”
The three of them had some drinks, laughs, and feel good movie times as a family while they waited for the sun to go down, which would commence the start of the festival.
“I’m sorry to hear about your mother,” Castiel replied. “Loss will definitely do that.”
“Well, after college I got a graphic design job in Kansas City. I got to work from home, and the cost of living here is great, so I figured why not?” Charlie asked. “What about you? I thought I saw you were engaged to a girl back in Denver?”
What the fuck did he just get himself into?
“When we dropped off his dinner, he asked when you were going to see him again, and we advised that you were a busy man. He responded with ‘Well, tell him he’s forgotten about his soulmate and he’d like a word.’,” the guard explained.
happy.”
“Don’t answer those,” Michael insisted. His dinners went his way. He would talk about himself if needed, which would likely happen anyways. Almost everyone at this table was pretentious and dull, with the exception of Gabriel who was arrogant and annoying.
though. Castiel must have caught Dean staring because he turned to the man who was still starstruck, and the expression must have shocked him slightly because he went from smiling jovially to slightly gasping at Dean’s hopeless expression. Castiel must not have cared too much because his warm smile grew back, as if Dean wasn’t drowning in the deep end of those ocean blue eyes right now.
“Are you absolutely sure? You never to feel bad about hurting the other person’s feelings or feel pressured to allow it to continue,” Dean reiterated. Jack responded by initiating a new hug with Dean and Dean smiled, hugging his son back. “Aww, thank you buddy. But remember, you can say no to hugs at anytime!”
“Good evening, Rowena,” Ellen stated as Rowena went on her way.
The man looked at Dean directly and smiled faintly. “Thank you very much,” he said pleasantly before making his way out. Dean couldn’t help but linger and stare. The man didn’t head to the parking lot, he was commuting to his next location by foot. The clothes he wore under the trench coat were fancy and professional, so he assumed a car would fit the personality.
Meg hit buttons on the register. “That’ll be ten bucks even,” she said.
Dean ran out of time in the phone booth and he walked back to Castiel with bittersweet tears and an exhausted expression. Castiel was slightly worried that connecting with his brother and his kids again would reinforce the idea that Castiel was the one that took him away from them.
“Yes they are, they’re doing their homework, or at least they said they would,” Castiel said.
“And why’s that?” Dean asked.
Castiel wasn’t very tired, but he wanted the day to be over with. He popped a melatonin pill, which he only used on nights he was so stimulated from a good book, followed it with a large glass of water, and got into bed naked.
Dean nodded and let Sam escort him to the guest bedroom where he’d be staying. Dean felt so tired he thought he’d fall unconscious as soon as he hit the mattress. Sam flicked on the light, and let Dean in. With their prestigious jobs, they had a nice sized house, and the room was a good size. He was thankful he wasn’t going to be in some cramped room. Their future children were going to be very fortunate.
“You came all the way to the states just for me?” Dean replied flirtatiously. Perhaps he could get information back in return.
Dean made a disgusted face and an ‘oof’ noise. “I’m glad I have a doctor here because hearing that sentence is almost enough to make a man have a stroke.”
“Fair enough,” Meg stated with another sly smile. She heard a bell ring and she slipped away to the back kitchen and came back a few moments later with a Dean’s plates. “Here you go. I’ll let you eat in peace since nobody else is here. Just give me a shout if you’re done.” She refilled his coffee before she left to go into the back and Dean ate in silence.
Dean took a few additional moments to exhaust the water from his eyes before he even had the composure to try to speak. “I don’t care what irrelevant stranger think, yeah. But the people I cared about? Dad? Lisa? One hundred people can build up your confidence like a house of playing cards, but one person just needs to blow to crush it all down.”
“Glad you are awake, love,” Castiel said. “I’m sorry my guard hurt you.” He looked over at the driver, and couldn’t tell if it was Cas’s or Zachary’s.
the best. He really had no idea how Sam nabbed her.
“Help yourself to any food and drinks. We’ll bring the turkey and ham out later,” Ellen said.
“Good Morning, Daddy!” Claire excitedly announced as she ran into the kitchen.
Cas would be arriving to his apartment soon if he didn’t already. Dean shot him a text that said “on the way”, despite it taking him a while to build up the courage to make his way to his car. Once inside, it took him a while to start it too. He just sat there with his eyes closed, wondering what the fuck his life had become and how he kept getting himself into these situations.
He turned the stove off and set the table as the kids ran off. Today was a simple spaghetti and meatball day for them. It was easy to cook, they loved it, and that was good enough for Dean.
“Very well,” Castiel said as he paced a few more steps, eying the shelves. “You ever hear of a banshee?”
“I gotta get back to my kids,” Dean said.
“When can I see you again?” Dean texted after saving the audio file. He played it again for his own enjoyment. “I wouldn’t be able to keep my hands or mouth off of you,” the recording repeated.
Dean nodded subtly, and Cas nodded in response. “Get over here, you insolent little shit!” Castiel began to grab and hit Dean as a rouse, closing their distance.  Once Cas had a good hold on him, Cas opened the door and pulled them both out of the moving car. They hit the ground with a fast force, and Dean wasn’t really in a position to guard himself or his head from the fall as he rolled.
“We’ll be there, Bobby,” Dean stated.
She brought his food out and he thanked her, trying to smooth things over with her. He doesn’t think she had spat in his food, but he would do what he could to prevent her from being tempted to do it in the future.
Dean let out a nervous smile and a small huff of air. “I take it you’re the librarian here?”
Dean sighed, giving into Jo’s pressure. “I found out Castiel is actually Castiel
He went through the door that lead to the garage and he unlocked the latch blocking the metal doors from going up. He bent down, grabbed a hold of the handle, and raised both himself and his arm to hoist the metal door open. As the outdoors came into view, he saw two cars entering the lot; presumably Jack and Garth.
“Are you
“Catch me up, Cas,” Dean said once they were sitting next to each other, both turned to face one another. “Tell me about everything that happened in your life after I moved out. Spare no detail.”
“It wasn’t important,” Sam said as he took a bite out of his food. “You did a good job, Dean.”
When the present got to his hands, he could tell the item was hard, and there was no cushion of any kind. He gave the presents a discrete tap with his thumbs before moving them to the sides. These were picture frames, he thought.
Castiel reciprocated the hug with some loving pats on his back. “It’s very good to see you too, Dean. I’ve missed you.”
She gave a knowing smirk and leaned forward, propping her elbows on the bar. “I haven’t had any complaints. I also kinda own this place, so there’s that.”
Castiel gave him an unreadable look, and turned his attention bac to Dean’s stitch work. “Consider the record broken.” Dean wasn’t sure how to take that, but he had to assume that what Roman did really was just an unauthorized fluke, and he wasn’t in immediate danger
“Steamy novels you say?” Dean asked. “Uh-oh, maybe she knows some tricks that I don’t.”
Castiel sighed and opened the door to what was now their joined room and entered with Dean walking right behind him. There was uncertainty in the air as the door close and Castiel turned to look at Dean.
“Oh, but you didn’t need it, you two are made to last,” Karen complimented.
“Oh, not all forgiven, but I’m willing to let it slide
She gave him a very large hug with intense glee before turning around to her party. “Charlie, come over here!” she ordered, waving with her hand.  “Dean, this is my soulmate, Charlie Bradbury. Charlie, this is one of my best friends from High School, Dean Winchester.”
He wanted to call the man right this instant and sighed, it was eleven-thirty at night on the 23
“Hello, Dean.”
“It’s very beautiful,” Karen stated.
Castiel just nodded, not caring in the slightest. Dean would hate Michael so much. Maybe they could have made fun of Michael behind his back if Dean ever got to meet the family, but that wouldn’t be the case.
bliatz- whore
He saw Cas nod his head lightly, and with a small shimmy and a tug, his shirt was discarded to the ground. Castiel’s entire back was beautiful, and he wanted to ogle it longer, but he worked up the strength to bring his attention to the right shoulder.
“And so it goes. How’s Karen doing?” Dean asked.
She was thoroughly looking into similar Russian mafias the FBI previously looked into when she stumbled across a photo. It was from several years ago of someone walking a bride down a wedding aisle.
Dean looked around at the busy bar. There was one other bartender aside from her and Ellen. “You gotta be pretty busy. I don’t want you to waste time on me.”
“If one of these consequences of whatever you decide gets me back at the FBI, I will do what I can to see what happened to your sister’s kids,” Dean said. “I don’t want that to influence any decision you make, though.”
Dean let out a contemplative hum as he acted as if he was thinking about it. “Not sold completely, Rowena.”
lyubovnik-lover
He picked up Claire in his arms carefully and propped her against his chest. She made a small noise from being disturbed.
Dean was walked through their opening process, and it was fairly standard to his old job. The three of them went straight to work, and Bobby only briefly checked on them twice They got one of the cars completed, and the other was set to be completed early the next morning.
Missouri gave a coy smile to Dean. “Coincidence implies I didn’t know this was going to happen.” She tapped the side of her head lightly, and Dean remembered her comment about allegedly being a psychic. He smiled at her and shrugged it off, opting to turn back to Castiel.
He sloppily raised his arm, having the book connect with one guard’s chest. “Make sure this gets to Dean Winchester,” Castiel ordered.
“Well, you’re in luck!” she said.
Guns were pointed at him, ready to do anything if he acted in a bad manner. A blonde female agent went straight to Dean and hugged him as an agent approached him to cuff him.
Dean continued to smile and chuckle softly at her tale. “Well, whatever god was in charge of these
“It’s -kay,” he mumbled softly. “Maybe I can have a wake up blowjob?”
“I’m sorry you don’t care for your siblings,” Jack said. “But I’m fine, Castiel. They’re not bad to me, and once my gen eds are done, I’m free.”
“Are you excited to be a grandfather, Bobby?” Sam asked.
“I’d prefer to have something before that happens,” Jo stated.
Dean was sitting leaned back with his legs and arms crossed. “Did you tell him I’m fine?”
“The United States FBI is a bit of an exception,” Zachary said. “I insist we take tis conversation elsewhere about how to proceed. Not in front of your guest.”
Castiel gave a confirming nod and gently breached himself into Dean. Dean let out a gasp when Cas slipped through and he paused himself to make sure Dean was okay. Dean nodded for him to keep going and so he did; he sunk himself into Dean further slowly and steadily.
Jessica’s bedroom door slammed open and she angrily stomped down the hall all the way to the living room. “What the fuck is going on!?” she screeched. “It’s like barely nine AM! You know I need to sleep in for my shift.”
“And Jack,” Cas added.
The ‘Dean’ character was so certain and so positive nothing would ever go wrong with the character he associated with Cas, and in real life, he was so certain something would go wrong. Alamander was willing to risk it all for the slimmest chance to be with Ryworth, and Dean was too afraid to risk anything.
His phone chirped with a new alert. “How does Saturday night sound?”
He took a hot shower and put on his suit that he rarely wore. However, he had to admit that when he
“If the FBI wanted to initiate a change, how would they do it?” Castiel asked.
Cas’s eyes widened. Dean wasn’t sure what to attribute it to. “No I didn’t. You didn’t either.”
“It was,” Dean said as he brought her in for a close, tight hug. Dean had had lost his mother when he was young, and Ellen was the closest thing he ever had to an alternative. Not that he would say. He spent more time with Jo and her than he did with his Dad.
Dean entered his own car alone and left Sam to ride back with Jessica. He sighed deeply, thinking about this news. Why didn’t Cas come clean? He had definitely called him Castiel Kline, and Cas hadn’t corrected him.
Cas moved his hand to cup Dean’s face and Dean couldn’t drag this conversation out any longer. He leaned forward immediately and brought their lips together, and kissed Castiel deeply. Castiel returned the kiss enthusiastically, and it was the best kiss Dean had ever experienced in his life. He cupped Castiel’s face in return and for a few moments, it was just the two of them.
“A better what?” Dean asked from the living room.
Once Castiel found his family and put his family’s murderer in the ground, Castiel said he was going to flee. What does Dean do with that information? What position will Dean be in? Is Castiel planning on taking him with? Cas said the FBI would never find him, and Dean remaining a hostage would mean that they had a reason to keep searching; so is Dean back at the FBI in this scenario? Would Dean resume his fruitless chase to find Castiel, or is he supposed to just be content in America without ever seeing Castiel again?
Bobby was reassuring her it wasn’t him, which she believed. Dean had often said Bobby was like a father to him. Bobby got him into the FBI, after all. If anything, he treated Dean with some privileges that she definitely noticed. “We’ll find him together.”
He sat down on the chair next to the kidnapped man, who was now breathing heavily and partially crying, his groans being partially silenced by the duct tape. He dragged the needle of the syringe lightly against the skin of the man’s neck, being delicate enough to not break the needle, even when the muscles of the man’s throat tensed and retracted in fear.
Dean felt like his heart was going to stop. Before he could choke out any words, he heard gunshots outside the door. Had someone come to rescue him? Would it be Jo? Roman looked terrified.  He quickly left Dean and went to dig through desk drawers, presumably for a gun.
“You don’t know that’s going to happen!”
He chugged the water and took an aspirin in advance, hoping to prevent the worst hangover ever tomorrow. He had slacked too much at work as is by calling that half day. He needed to work diligently, save money, and leave this fucking town.
“I think that’s super cute, and I will definitely show up to town hall to vote yes whenever that’s going to be,” Jess said,
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean choked out. “I want your cock in me too.”
“Yeah,” Charlie confirmed. “Actually, the MacLeods still host this big Christmas festival each year. It’s a lot of fun, actually.”
“Wine, champagne, vodka, and cranberry juice,” Sam explained.
He rolled his leg around under the covers and definitely felt something that didn’t belong. He pulled the covers back and noticed he was now branded with an ankle monitor.
“My apologies,” Castiel said. “I’m not myself today.”
“There are a few gems outside of these small towns that beings everybody together. I think there’s something beautiful about that,” Castiel said.
What would Dean have thought about his bed? Would it have soft and sensual to spend hours with mixed limbs, combined bodies, rolling each other over all night? Would he have slept comfortably in it to wake up softly with Castiel in the mornings in each other’s arms, too comfortable to leave?
Dean backed away after a few moments and looked out to the garage. The sound of their only car starting and Garth giving them a thumbs up was a good indicator the work was done.
“No, I’ll be fine. I’ll check out the stupid library or something. I ran into Charlie the other day, so maybe I’ll get to hang with her sometimes,” Dean stated.
to do in high school?” Dean asked.
Castiel smirked. “I don’t fuck the guards. I hire whores. About once a week.”
“Because one of my subordinates thought torturing you would please me,” Castiel said. “They were mistaken. Now I need to make sure you didn’t just get your stitches ripped open, so I’m going to need you to let me check the bandages.”
Dean could. He could describe the medium radius he and Jo pinpointed it to. But the man likely already knew that he knew. The interrogator implied they had multiple safehouses, but their operation would be halted if they had to commute to see Dean.
Dean let out a nervous chuckle. “You’re supposed to be the bad guy, you’re not supposed to be this altruistic or self-sacrificing.”
Dean sighed, slightly worried Cas wouldn’t be as impressed with his life. “Well, we moved to Kansas City after here, and I worked part time at an auto-shop. Once I graduated, I just started working there full time.” He looked over at Castiel, who was looking at him deeply. Dean didn’t have much of a story for the man. All he did every day for a decade was work, drink the occasional beer, and dream about finding his way back to those blue eyes.
This was unfortunately true. There were tricks he could have done if he was captured conscious; ways to position the hands to break out of easier, but he couldn’t. Any tools he had on his person to cut or pick the handcuffs was gone. Plus, with his hands behind his back, he’d only be able to get them in front of him via the ground, but his feet were bound with a sturdy coated chain and padlock. These guys were efficient.
Cas complied and leaned in, closing the distance to bring their mouths together. He brought his hand to Dean’s jaw as they kissed deeply, and Dean relished under his touch.
“Dean?” Jo asked. “Where are you?”
Castiel went to grab Dean’s left hand with his right, and their fingers entwined together as Dean kissed his collar.
“A mole, a saboteur,” Castiel replied.
“What federal agent was in charge of bringing down Anastasia Miltoynov?” Roman asked.
Dean thought about he told Cas he’d see him around; he really hoped that he would. That night, he dreamed of a certain librarian’s eyes and the span of the oceans within them.
Dean woke up in the back of a car, still with duct tape on his mouth and his hands tied behind his back. He looked over to see Castiel looking at him softly.
He wiped away the fog on the glass of the mirror. His bruises from being manhandled and his car getting ran into were all healed now. Cas or one of his on call doctors had been taking care of his scars from that rogue employee. It was healing fairly nicely so far, but that would take a bit longer.
“Happy Thanksgiving, Ellen,” Bobby greeted.
But part of him
“Tell me why you were assigned to me and maybe I’ll keep you for myself,” Castiel insisted.
Castiel bit his lips and forced his smile away. “It was a week or two before you moved away. We were drinking in my bedroom because your dad had just told you on short notice. We were both pretty miserable about the situation. And you said to me, ‘Castiel, I need you to fly us away together. Somewhere far away where it can be just the two of us together.’”
“Thanksgiving is next week! And then it’s Christmas! Dean, Christmas in this ton is so cute. There’s a yearly festival in Towne Square, and it’s so magical,” Jessica said. “I’m so glad you’ll be here for it.”
“She’ll likely answer as a flower shop or bakery. We usually respond with a code word, but if you call her Joanna and introduce yourself, she won’t hang up,” Dean said.
“What do you know about Anastasia Miltoynov?” Castiel asked.
Castiel looked a little disappointed for a brief moment before keeping a neutral expression, and Dean realized he just wanted some extra time with him. Dean raised himself slightly out of the chair and cupped Castiel’s face before bringing their mouths together for a kiss.
He made his way inside and rejoined his family, but after pouring himself some generous amounts of alcohol. They didn’t ask about the call, but he knew Sam or Jess would later. They lifted his spirits with their joy and camaraderie. He still missed Ben and the Thanksgiving they had as a family, but he looked at the family he had with him now, and he was pretty content with that.
“What part?” Castiel asked.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Dean apologized. “Your last name was different than Jack and Cas’s so I assumed wrong.”
Dean Winchester was sitting in the window seat of a plane, patiently waiting for takeoff to commence. He was headed to Omaha, Nebraska for the first time in ten years for a wedding of one of his former friends: Jo Harvelle.
“Oh? And why not?” Her tone was entertained and curious, and Dean gave her a smirk.
“Don’t hurt her!” Gleb yelled.
“I’d like names of anyone you know that may have been close to Anastasia, or anyone that may have used our competitor’s services in addition to ours. Maybe they were not happy with a deal?” Castiel suggested.
“We got you, and you’re every bit as good as Dean is,” Bobby said. “But we won’t find him with your brain burnt out. Get some sleep. That’s an order.”
“Hey Lover Boy!” Gabriel shouted. “Come get back to your man! People are giving my brother lusty eyes because they think he’s available! You know how much of a tasty snack he is!”
Dean made a contesting noise with his teeth. “That’s not what our mutual headache and ear ringing said.”
The man screamed in pain as the mysterious serum spread through his arm. It hadn’t even gotten to the rest of the body, and the man was suffering immensely. “Let’s begin.”
There wasn’t rage or pain in those words. No poison from what Cas could tell, but it was an unpleasant truth to their situation. “The truth. Did you want to see me today at all? Talk to me? Did you have any positive thought about me at all?”
to be better, because for the first time, I was good enough already.”
Dean just stared at Castiel hesitantly, unsure to speak. “Do you really want to know?”
“For good reason, Mr. Novak. As you know, an empire does not topple so easily. Especially one as formidable as the Novak family’s,” the man replied as he poured himself a glass of wine. “I met with your sister about two months prior to that terrible day.”
“This isn’t an ice cream shop,” Castiel said. “I need you to help facilitate the exchange of a hostage.”
There was a customer being checked out at the register when he entered. It was a dark haired man in a beige trench coat. Interesting choice, Dean thought. The late autumn air was brisk, but there was no chance of rain or anything.
“Jo, relax,” Dean said. “I’ll explain later.” He turned back to Cas who nodded, but his hands were still cuffed behind his back. Castiel leaned in and Dean held it over to him.
“We should get going,” Dean awkwardly insisted.
“It’s not too late,” Dean said. “You can take a nap in the corner, I ain’t going anywhere,” Dean replied.
wanted you two to be archers, I guess.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me, you still have it?” Dean asked in awe.
Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester, engaged, Dean thought. It had a nice ring to it.
He let himself be held by Dean’s free hand as his chest was cleaned by the American. It was tender and intimate, and Castiel was enjoying it.
“I’m fine, thank you,” Dean replied.
“Happy Thanksgiving, Rowena,” Ellen greeted. “I’m glad you could make it.”
Castiel began to laugh, fairly strongly, and Dean turned around to look at his lover curiously. “What’s so funny?”
Castiel grinned and headed into the next aisle, which was more fantasy-based than the sci-fi aisle. “Pick your poison,” Castiel stated. “Knights? Wizards? Pirates?”
“You don’t want to abandon your soulmate, do you, sweetheart?” he asked condescendingly.
, and his arm was around
“I’d think less of you if you
“Thank
“How’d you find out we were criminals? We make noise, we get seen. Our jobs catch attention,” the man said.
“Right,” Dean replied as he awkwardly cleared his throat. He provided Castiel with his number and Sam’s address and Castiel handed him the books with a professional smile. “Thank you for all your help, Castiel.”
It was a Saturday, they may not even be open Dean told himself as he walked up to the doors. A few small steps got him closer to the decal on the doors with the hours of operations; they were open.
Dean had a surprised expression, and Cas wasn’t sure how to take it. “Is that a Russia thing or a crime lord thing?”
Dean looked sort of hesitant for a moment, and Castiel was curious. What could Castiel do to improve his life? “Everyone’s missing something, Cas,” Dean explained. “My life is busy, and I only live for my kids. Maybe you’re my reward. Maybe we’ll have a moment where everything will just click and it’ll all make sense. Maybe that’s soon, maybe that’s a year from now, maybe it’s when we’re gray and old. I don’t think we need to solve it right now. I know you overthink and over plan, but let’s just let ourselves have this one thing.”
“Hope you’re not jealous,” Dean teased.
“Yeah, I’m a little surprised to see you too, but it’s a good surprise,” Dean said.
Castiel nodded and lead the way towards the admin desk. “I’ll need to print you a library card. I’ll need your address and phone number.”
He climbed on the bed behind Dean and roamed his hands appreciatively on the ass presented to him. “You’re so beautiful, Dean Winchester. I am so gratefully you’re allowing me to make love to you.”
Bobby made some dismissive groan. “Just one of the perks of owning my own shop,” Bobby said. “Besides, she wasn’t much use to anyone not running.”
“The former,” Dean said roughly.
,” the man stated in a playful tone. Dean didn’t need to speak Russian to get an understanding, but he needed to navigate carefully.
The words shocked Castiel from his wistful daydream about his future with Dean. He looked broken. He didn’t know about them. Dean wasn’t sure how much information he had gathered in advance, but he kept the secret pretty well due to the job.
“I’ll kick his ass at work,” Jack offered.
“Ha ha,” Dean replied unassumingly as he opened the door. “Good Afternoon, Charlie.”
He didn’t think it was possible to miss somebody this much. The small interaction he had with Castiel just made him realize what he had lost. He wouldn’t let Cas slip out of his life again. Even if it could only be just as friends, he needed Cas in his life again, in any capacity.
Dean enjoyed his job; he liked taking down bad guys, and he liked to think of himself as James Bond, although he did significantly more desk work than James Bond likely ever did, and he didn’t get to use any cool gadgets. But it was a much nicer job than he ever expected to get. It got him a large enough house to support the three of them all by himself, and that was more than he could ever hope for.
“Amenadiel and Uriel said they would be home for Christmas. Gadreel is spending it with his wife’s family this year, and last I heard Lucifer was still alive. We can’t win them all,” Michael stated.
Castiel nodded understandingly. Dean was the captive was no rights and a shaky view of his future; of course he didn’t’ view Castiel with the same positivity.
He broke off the kiss and used a thumb to wipe away at least some of the mess from Dean’s gorgeous swollen lips. “Let’s take this to the bed.”
He leaned in and kissed Dean as the man chuckled onto Castiel’s mouth. They smiled at each other fondly with soft smiles. “Say that first part back to me.”
“Sounds more romantic than law school,” Jessica teased, nudging Sam with her elbow.
He escorted the kids upstairs, and got them settled into bed for the night before making his own way to his room. He stripped out of his clothes and collapsed into his empty king sized bed. It was too much space for just himself, he often thought.
“You mean aside from employment?” he asked with a subtle laugh before he took another sip of his drink. He looked down, not keeping eye contact with Dean as he set his drink back down. “I suppose I had time to evaluate that being close to family wasn’t so bad. It was important to me to be somewhere familiar-”. He looked up at Dean and had a peculiar look in his eyes that Dean was trying to decipher. “-just in
“If it was inevitable, I do not hold you in any fault,” Castiel said. “I also had my suspicions, but I do not believe I have uncovered any leads. It would not have been immediate family. Gabriel and I were the only survivors. Gabriel, did you benefit at all from our sister’s murder?”
Dean looked at him and gave him a small smirk. “At least we can agree on the ‘forever’ part.”
Dean couldn’t force a smile, but the thought was appreciated. “Why not just bring one and hope for the best?”
Castiel ignored his family as much as he could for the rest of dinner and tried to drink as much as he could, but was rudely cut off from a third glass by Michael. After losing two hours of his life, Castiel and Anna excused themselves early and bid their goodbyes. Jack volunteered to walk Castiel to his car.
He braced himself to turn to Dean, who was just looking at him empathetically. It was caring and supportive, and something about it made Castiel feel at ease. Castiel nodded as a thanks and started the car again. They could get a few more hours of distance before they needed to stop somewhere for the night, although it was getting dark.
“I’m sorry that wasn’t a more romantic proposal that you deserve,” Castiel apologized.
“This you, Jack?” Dean asked, as innocently as possible.
“Easy as pie,” Dean confirmed.
Dean chuckled. “If you’re absolutely sure.”
“Certainly not,” Dean stated with a smile.
“You never mentioned you were trading with the feds,” Zachary said. He glanced over at Dean. His face was supposed to be neutral, Dean assumed, but it wasn’t. He was tense. Was Zachary not here to rescue him?
After a few minutes of eating, it was time to put the plates away and get the kids to school. They grabbed their backpacks and made their way to Dean’s Impala. It wasn’t the best car for children per se, but he and Sam turned out mostly fine as they grew up riding in the same family car. Some PTA Moms looked at him judgingly, while others looked at him hungrily. He couldn’t win them all.
They drank and caught up for an hour or so before a loud and excited group entered The Roadhouse. Dean turned to see an embarrassed looking blonde and redheaded girl, each in a sash, holding hands. The noisemakers were the group of friends they were surrounded by.
“Give me some pics,” Dean ordered. She used two hands to pass over a very thick folder, Dean’s eyes going wide before reaching up and grabbing it for himself. “Are you sure you’re not going to take half of this?”
for me?” Castiel asked with the sultriest tone he could manifest. Dean chuckled and shook his head. “It’s ok, Dean. I’m sure a man like you can fuck whenever he wants, and this is likely the longest dry spell you’ve had.”
The blonde girl’s eyes landed on Dean and her expression lit up with excitement. “Dean Winchester, you sunuvabitch!” She broke off from her partner, which Dean was a little surprised about, and prepped himself to be tackled by a large hug.
Charlie turned to see Cas and the Novaks standing just a few meters away. Cas was looking their way with a smile.
Dean felt bad for not being able to pay for a date yet, but he couldn’t say no when Castiel gave him that reassuring smile. Dean did find his behavior odd, though; it was his least smooth and suave sentence yet, but perhaps he was overreacting.
, and Dean didn’t know how to feel about that. The man was going to seduce every US secret out of him.
“You’ve always burdened yourself with the weight of making dad happy, and now you’ve gone through a pretty rough life change not by your choosing. I can tell you’re not always happy,” Sam explained.
Dean nodded in response. “Sure thing, Bobby.” He made his way over to the door, opened it up, and took one step out.
“An empire like my family’s doesn’t go down so easily. Someone sold us out, and their betrayal got everyone killed. The only survivors were my sister’s children who were taken into social services. I sold the book I wrote to get some initial funds and resources to build
Dean hesitated. Castiel was definitely the big name. He had deduced Gabriel was a major player, but he wasn’t the boss. Life in prison was definitely more likely. “He’s definitely not in any immediate danger,” Dean reassured. “If they think they can get information on him, he will be left alive. If he stays in their possession, I assume life imprisonment.”
He drove to the venue where the wedding was being held. There were multiple rows of wooden chairs on ach side of the aisle that lead to a wooden arch decorated with ivy and beautiful flowers.
“Yeah, I did. It took me a few days, but it I was really into it,” Dean stated.
Dean brought his eyes to Castiel’s. There was no pity or sadness in his eyes; only understanding; only presence. “Do you want me to like them or hate them?”
Dean woke up the next morning in a great mood. His night with Castiel was amazing. The only thing that would have made it better was if Castiel was waking up in bed with him. He grabbed his phone and saw a text from Castiel that read “Good Morning”. Dean smirked, knowing it was likely sent with Castiel reminiscing on their kiss. He texted a reply and got out of bed to start the day.
“I’m really glad you enjoyed it,” Castiel stated. “I- would love to discuss more, but I should be taking Jack home, and you probably should finish up here.
“Here’s the plan,” Dean said. “I’m going to call my boss, Bobby. There is no way in hell that man was a part of this, and I know his ass is still in DC, so that means away from Zachary’s influence and monitoring.” Castiel listened carefully and noticed Dean was getting uncomfortable. The next part was the hard part. “We have two options as to how we can proceed. The first option is I arrange a pickup for myself, and you flee to wherever you need to be.”
“It can teach you how to control your thoughts, redirect or distract your attention from the negatives,” Sam stated.
Cas smiled back softly with a bashful expression. “Well, high school sucked the last year after you left, but Jo and I got through it. I went to college in Seattle for undergrad to become an English professor, and then did my Masters and PhD in New York. Then I just got back here to Omaha about two years ago to teach at the university here.”
“Are those
Cas chuckled bashfully under the overwhelming intimacy of the situation. “It was,” Cas agreed.
Dean had gotten Castiel’s shirt off and took a moment to take it all in. He had already seen Dean in undress, but Dean hadn’t. His eyes were looking over his tattooed torso. It was more color and design than original flesh, but Dean wasn’t turned off by that. Dean let his fingertips roam the tracing of the designs and feel Castiel in his palms.
The librarian didn’t seem faltered by Dean’s rush. “Wednesday sounds good. It’ll give me something to look forward to.” Now it was Dean’s turn to smile bashfully and blush. “Can I pick you up at seven? I can find us a place if you want, since I know the area well, if that’s okay.”
“Hopefully these have been good stories, or have they been what
“Sure thing, I will be right there,” he stated, giving Eileen a concerned look. This wasn’t like Dean at all, and Sam feared the worst.
“But if this is a rental, we can see who was renting it on that date,” Dean replied. “It’s better than what we have.”
Dean’s face grimaced at his words. “I guess I’m not as strong as you are, Cas. You making that same decision would kill me, and I can’t go through that again.”
insecure. He was the instructor, and he had taken an interest into archery to try to find
Bobby knew the town law office had an opening, arranged an interview for Sam, and he got the spot. His fiancée at the time interviewed for the hospital and landed a position there too, so they stayed.
The man gave Castiel an approving smile before getting down to his hands and knees, slowly making his way to Castiel. His back was arched and his gaze was on Castiel’s eyes the entire time.
“I do not know, Sammy! It was
“I was,” he said flatly. “And then it didn’t work out.”
“No, Bobby don’t,” Dean protested.
Castiel just stared at Dean with awe and shock before letting out a chuckle. “I don’t deserve that, Dean. I have done so many terrible things, I deserve-”
Castiel’s breath hitched as he continued to stare at the photograph. “They have Anastasia’s eyes,” he said. “Did you give them their names?”
“What? Bobby, no. I can’t take a car!” Dean stated,
Dean just smiled so proudly at his boyfriend as he talked about his initiative. He was subjected to two bee documentaries, which weren’t actually so bad as well as a whole week where Cas gave him a running live synopsis of bee facts when he read a new academic manual about beekeeping came out. And even if Dean didn’t always understand, he always loved watching Cas get excited or talk about the subjects he was interested in because his eyes would light up and he’d get a very particular smile that he maintained throughout all his sentences. Castiel was beautiful, inside and out.
“Do you trust he will provide valid information?” Gabriel asked.
Dean gave Cas a smirk and sat up a bit before staring right into his eyes. ““We’re not going to have an efficient escape if you tempt me to give you road head instead,” he mocked in a terrible Russian accent.
He stopped himself after two beers. He wanted to drive safe, and he wanted to rely less on alcohol. He waved goodbye to Ellen and Jo and made his way back home safely.
“BUT-” Jo clarified, reclaiming her sentence from Dean’s interruption. “Castiel Novak from what I can tell is a nice and friendly guy. A little awkward for my tastes, but I’m not exactly his type either.”
They recently got married about two years ago, and it was a beautiful ceremony. It actually inspired Dean to propose to Lisa. Now here he was, back at the start.
“Did you read that book I gave you?” Castiel asked.
Castiel tilted his head, questioning the nickname his hostage had provided him. It intrigued him, partially. “Then I guess I’ll just need to
“Because you’re family, and I’ve already told them everything about’cha,” Bobby countered.
Dean huffed with a slight chuckle. He was scared, Cas was scared, but they couldn’t tiptoe around this any longer. “What’s your soulmate mark, Castiel?”
“Oh my god,” Dean said as he took in the whole sight. “How on earth is this possible?”
“Merry Christmas, Cas.”
“You ready for bed, Jack?” Dean asked.
“Anna, Castiel,” Michael greeted as he entered, offering them each a hug. He was a hard ass, and a hard man to get along with, but at least friendly at dinner events, which is the only time Castiel would tolerate being near Michael. “It’s good to see you both.”
Jo looked embarrassed, and Charlie looked a little bashful. “Well, I definitely hope so. I’ve never had as much fun or as many laughs as I have with Jo.”
“Anastasia Miltoynov,” Castiel replied. “Does the name ring a bell to you?”
“And as the knight uttered those words, he heard the princess’s heart beat loudly and heard angels sing, indicating he had met his one true love, his soul mate. The princess took his breath away, and she had felt the same. She smiled as she realized that this knight was to be her groom,” she read.”
Castiel sighed with annoyance at Dean’s questioning. “Consider it an apology for the inconvenience.”
Gabriel stepped off on his floor and gave Castiel a salute with his fingers before walking away. The elevator began to rise again as it sanded to Dean’s level. This entire floor was actually for his staff; no normal residents allowed.
He finished the remainder of his glass in a second sitting, impressively.
- I’m going to try to have you if I can.”
‘Ryworth’, whom Alamander had dubbed as ‘Rye’, was a privileged noble child with no freedoms who felt both suffocated by his family and neglected of any actual love or connection. He ran away from home and joined the knight army to prove himself and earn a fresh break and win some independence.
“-should be fine for now. Zachary can’t do anything to him,” Dean reassured, cupping Castiel’s face. It wasn’t the best moment, but it was the best moment he had all day. He had spent all day with his hands bounds, unable to touch his…whatever Cas was to him.
With a few more drinks in him, he was not immune to being persuaded to dancing with Jo and Charlie out on the dance floor, and if he sang aloud to “you can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life”, he would forgive himself because it was a very special occasion and he had copious amounts of alcohol.
Dean would have wanted more from Cas, under certain circumstances, but right now, none of that was necessary. Dean slipped off his shoes, and Cas did the same. Dean collapsed on the bed and watched as Castiel took off his trench coat and suit blazer. He’d be lying if he wasn’t feeling partially seduced right now.
“No, they were already called Jack and Claire when I adopted them,” Dean said softly.
The tears were back on Dean’s face and he got up out of his chair to go up and crash a hug into Bobby, rolling him slightly backwards.
Cas continued to smile and he lightly licked his lips, which drew in Dean’s attention. “In that case, Dean; what is it that you’re asking of me?”
“I was wondering if you’d be able to take me on here at the shop, if you can afford another employee,” Dean stated. “I’m likely going to be here a while so I’m looking for work.”
“Good,” he replied as he went back to the skillet to start plating up the food and setting it at the table.
hostage!”
“Don’t waste it,” he said playfully. The sentence didn’t scare Dean in the slightest, because he was confident there wasn’t a chance in hell he was going to let anything happen to them, now that he had a heart of iron and all.
. He was a leader, a role model to you, and he treated you terribly in that moment. You don’t need to hate yourself for that.”
“Something like that,” he said innocently. “How about you? You seem smart and successful, why stay in this town?”
Dean was studying Castiel’s face as well, trying to deduce his reasoning for asking a question like that. “Not enough to help you with anything. I was a freshman agent when that case broke, the new guy.”
“Were you even a scout?” Castiel asked as he climbed into Dean’s bed slowly, only partially hovering over him.
And Missouri, I really don’t know even know if he’ll say yes to me, even with you gorgeous bouquets. God, I really hope he does, but…..I made my mistakes, and I’ll have to live with them, but I can’t have him not knowing how I feel anymore. And I know my explanation seemed one sided, but I think, or at least I’m
What was the case Castiel initially interrogated him about? It was a woman’s name. There was a very big case Zachary nailed that gained him an impressive promotion. As he was doing the math, it would have been right before Cas would have started his climb. It was so familiar, but it was a heavy Russian name. Everyone in the office talked about it for weeks.
“Very much so,” Castiel said. “I even have a playroom where you can be restrained all to my heart’s desire and all these fun little toys that’ll
= = = =
“So,” Castiel started. “Did you like it?” There was hope in his voice, and luckily, Dean didn’t need to lie to be nice.
Jo was on her fourth pot of coffee, and she had been working for nearly twenty-four hours straight. She had only been home for an hour when Bobby called her back to the station and had been advised of Dean’s disappearance.
Dean was never much of a dancer. Aside from last night at the bar with a lot of alcohol in him, he had never slow danced with anybody, nor did he ever think he’d have an interest in it. But right now, he wanted nothing more in the world than to dance with Castiel.
He was, luckily, being angled into a car’s backseat. The guard even put Dean’s seatbelt on for him. There was someone to his right, he could sense, but he didn’t know if it was a guard or Castiel. “Cas, are you with me?”
Dean’s expression faltered and he dropped his head down. Charlie let out an embarrassed groan. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean…I didn’t know-”
“You will, someway,” Dean reassured. “You ready to hit the road again?”
The waitress gestured to the counter and grabbed a menu with her free hand. “Choose a seat, any seat. Do you want today’s paper? Two dollars.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he said softly as Dean passed, which Dean definitely ignored. Jess had an equally regretful expression, and she went to hug her husband comfortingly after Dean got back to his room.
“Alright, Castiel, you’re next,” Karen insisted. “Who’s it from?”
! But I know your bio daddy smacked you around enough to make you this way to begin with.”
“He asked to see you,” the guard replied.
“Killing it on sight would imply I act before evidence,” Castiel said.
She let out an embarrassed smirk, but continued to stay in his company. “Liliya. Will you remember that?”
Cas sighed faintly on the other line. Dean knows he wasn’t making it particularly easy, but he didn’t want Cas to put too much effort into something, and he didn’t want to be trapped mid-meal if he wanted to leave early. “Fine, if that’s what you would like.”
“I don’t think that is something I have to worry about,” Dean replied with a confident arrogance, that was definitely picked up by Rowena.
“I just needed a breather, my emotions are getting to me,” she said out loud while signing “inside job”.
Castiel kissed Dean’s shoulder blades softly, causing Dean to stir and let out a small groan.
Castiel read his face intensely. He would have been trained to lie perfectly, but Castiel was exceptionally good at deducing people. He thinks Dean is telling the truth, which meant his next question might have little to no success.
The day wrapped up, although it’d be several days before they had adequate information on the blind spot they thought Novak could be hiding. They needed architectural records, agricultural records, economic records, and more. It would be a lot to go through once compiled and all they could do was wait.
As the book drew near the end, Alamander survived the war. It was miserable, he did it alone, and there wasn’t anything much better waiting for him on the other side. All of his hard work and doing everything by himself yielded no reward.
They were in the elevator next, and it was moving down. Someone was anxiously tapping their foot on the floor. It was likely Castiel. Whatever was going on, it had him on edge. Dean actually felt more concerned for Castiel than he did about himself right now.
They made their way inside, and it looked almost the same, but Ellen and Jo had every table decorated with covers, centerpieces, and autumnal wreaths.
The Miltoynov case…
“Dean, I really miss you. It really sucks you and mom broke up. It’s not the same without you being around. Please make up with mom, try something. I wish you were here with us this Thanksgiving. Please come back.”
“No dinner,” Dean said. “Just a drink.”
“What is it?” Jess asked excitedly.
Dean removed his mouth to look at Castiel curiously. “And what do you mean by that?” His voice wasn’t fully offended, but he was rather intrigued.
He entered the door and Jessica and Sam were relaxing in the living room. “Hey, Dean,” they greeted.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean chuckled. “I’ll be sure to pull my weight.”
Dumped him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m just playing! I know this is Dean-o! I do have to congratulate you on coming back to your senses, buddy. I’m his favorite brother, Gabriel.” The prankster held out his hand and Dean shook it questioningly, still unsure what to make of the man.
Sam entered the house with brown bags of alcohol. “Why do we always forget to do this the day before?”
“Sorry, Jess,” Dean sincerely apologized. “I was just headed out anyways.”
“Oh, so this isn’t a date with Dean?” she asked, looking around for him, expecting him to be just a few feet away.
“You may not have had a direct role, but you may have had an accidental one. You may have slipped a detail or a schedule to someone asking questions regarding information outside their job description. After all, you were their driver,” Castiel said.
“And you know what won’t cause happiness, Sammy?” He retorted loudly. “Rushing into another goddamn relationship with someone who will never see me good enough, or their equal, and decide to leave me again after I’ve invested my fucking heart and soul into them!”
Dean sighed. He was growing to be an unsociable young boy, but at least Dean had more time for them with Castiel helping out. Plus, one of the benefits of having a former Russian Mob Boss move in with him is that he was no longer allowed to bring work home so he could give the kids his undivided attention…or Castiel later on.
“Don’t be. It is what it is. I need to head back to Sam and Bobby, and I’m sure you’re trying to manage something as well. Just be easy on the kid, Lees,” Dean stated.
She giggled as she shook his hand. “You’re quite the charmer. A you buttering me up for one of my bouquets?”
Dean hummed in amusement and wrapped his arms around Castiel and pulled him closer. “You want to
She chuckled as she continued to hold onto Dean. “I’m familiar. Why?”
“No, no, no please!” the man begged as Castiel inserted the needle into his vein and injected the liquid.
“We could always have more patrons my age,” Jo stated. “The old truckers all hit on me.”
There was no reply, leaving Dean to wonder what Cas’s intention was. He knew he gave Cas his number for the library card, and the librarian didn’t seem like the person to use his work information for personal use, but it appears this must be what he did. Dean didn’t mind at all, this text was exactly what he needed right now. He was thankful to have Charlie in town, Jos offer at friendship, and whatever this was with Castiel. Maybe he wouldn’t be so alone in this town, though.
“Okay,” Cas replied, positively amused by Dean’s confession. His eyes glanced over the books, and Dean watched as Cas’s eyes began to glow at the sight of one. His mouth opened in a positive gasp, and Dean felt his heart jump a little. The man was positively gorgeous with that much happiness and excitement. He knew whatever the book was, it was a perfect choice.
Dean was closing down the garage for the day when Bobby entered. “So, how did you first day go?”
This part was more awkward than usual. It was so
She had been going through stacks of files, photos, and records in secret under the guise of being under protection due to the incident, which was a half truth.
“I’m very excited for you, Charlie. I can’t wait it hear more about her,” Dean said.
“Enjoy the show?” Dean asked.
“ENOUGH of that shit!” Bobby rudely interrupted. “If I could roll over there quicker than five seconds, I’d slap you for saying those rude lies about
“Thank you,” Dean replied as he continued to watch TV.
“Then it feels like I’m skirting around, hiding the truth,” Dean stated. “I’ve done enough of that in my life already.”
“She’s your soulmate, isn’t she? When you spoke to her for the first time, you had the whole dizzy lights, ear ringing obnoxiousness, yes?” Castiel asked.
your fault, we have been working through. The phone call didn’t change anything I didn’t already know when I let you inside of me. We will be fine, Cas.”
“Dean, don’t do anything stupid. Castiel is an amazing guy,” Sam argued.
Eileen walked up to him, equally upset, and leaned up against him, rubbing his back as comfortingly as she could. They stayed for several minutes before breaking free.
“I didn’t want the Impala. I’m very content with my station wagon,” Sam replied.
, as magical as it is between them, was only temporary and it wouldn’t last.
But the though intrigued him. He could have a normal-ish life again, and write a book that he loved and would serve as more as a painful anchor to what he had lost. It could be displayed proudly on a bookcase instead of surrounded by his guns so that every time he went on a mission he could hurt himself into a motivational rage. His writing could be a source of love again instead of hatred.
“You too, I guess,” he said with a mixed expression, which Dean couldn’t fault.
“What do you want, Gabriel?” Castiel asked, moving the gentleman aside and making his way over to his brother.
He hadn’t seen or heard from Ryworth in years until he got an invitation for a wedding; Ryworth’s wedding to a woman. He remembered Rye talking about how he had certain duties to his family, certain obligations that needed to be fulfilled by him. Alamander was his once chance at breaking free from them, because it wasn’t as easy to leave his family than one could expect.
“Like MacLeod General Hospital?” Dean asked.
He met all the qualifications; they exchanged sentences, he heard the shittiest understatement of ‘singing angels’ ever, he got dizzy, he got breathless, and what he heard must have been a loud heartbeat, like from an ultrasound.
“I’m just tired,” Castiel said.
“I tried to warm you up,” Dean playfully countered.
“It would be greatly appreciated,” Castiel said. “Before I let you go, I have one more question, if I may.”
They spent just a few notes with each other, dancing in silence, just enjoying each other’s presence in their arms, and their longing looks at one another before Dean decided to break the silence.
dorogoy- dearest, precious
Dean sighed with defeat at the question. “Speculation, I just found out an hour ago. What do you know about the Novaks and the MacLeods?”
“Tonight was amazing,” Dean replied.
“Mmmmmm,” Dean moaned. “I don’t know if I should feel flattered or degraded,” he replied teasingly. Castiel immediately wrapped his hands under Dean and flipped him around on his back and Castiel quickly climbed over his body.
because he was some rich heir to Angel City’s family dynasty.
“Someone’s alive,” Sam replied as Dean slowly walked through the living room to the kitchen. “Still in the clothes from yesterday.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas winced at his own questions. He wanted his brain to be shut off for the whole night. He turned on his white noise machine by his bedside and practiced his Zen breathing techniques to lull himself into a state of tranquility so that he could slip into slumber and not have to think about his broken heart.
His heart was pounding in his chest, for multiple reasons. The first reason was that he wasn’t keen on flying; he had always preferred the hot asphalt that was the open road. Windows down, classic rock playlist blaring- that was one of his favorite things. The second reason was that the last time he was in Nebraska, he left someone very important behind.
Still, Dean was hurt. He loved having Ben as a son, he was truly disappointed it was only temporary. He would have gone through hell for that kid. He also would have preferred to make it with with Lisa, because he wasn’t a quitting type, but the decision was out of his hands. Maybe this would be better in the long run of things, but right now it fucking sucked.
“Welcome home, Dean,” she said sweetly as she approached him for a hug,
He cleared his plates and shouted for Meg, as instructed. She waltzed back out and saw not a crumb left on the plate. “How was everything?”
Dean removed his lips and stared deep into Castiel’s eyes. Castiel just focused on how the light refracted in the emerald eyes in front of his. “You’re deflecting,” Dean said softly. He had picked up on the change in the air too it seemed.
Castiel continued to stare at the photo with awe. “What is their nationality?”
date!” Dean groaned.
Dean smirked and took a sip of his beer. They spent most of their time watching the game. They caught up a little bit, but withs mall ton life, Bobby didn’t have a lot of news, and all of Dean’s recent news was now irrelevant news. Dean was happy to be reunited, regardless.
Maybe he’d write romance, and he could fantasize about one of many lives he could have shared with Dean in another life. Maybe he’d write about Dean’s children or Anastasia’s children. The options were endless, and he was happy because this was the first time in a long time he even felt like he had options.
The next morning was the same routine, as it always was. Dean got up first, took his shower, got dressed. He woke up the kids and made their breakfast before taking them to their school, briefly checked out the Dilfs and Milfs, and made his way to the HQ.
“I’m glad,” Cas said. “And I understand wholeheartedly. This can be slow and casual as needed. I would prefer not to rush into being a rebound.”
He tried to stay level-headed and optimistic about his odds, but they were increasingly slimmer by the moment. He thought about Claire and Jack. He only had a short amount of time with them. He’d never see them grow up. He knew Sam and Eileen would do an amazing job with them, but it would be so hard on everyone. The kids didn’t remember losing their birth parents, but losing Dean might detriment them for life. Sam too, although not as bad, but Dean was the last family he had, and he’d be cursed with raising Dean’s in his place. They were probably all so terrified right now.
Charlie and Bobby joined him and they laughed and cheered as they watched together. It made Dean feel like this situation wouldn’t be as bad as he thought.
Dean sighed heavily as he entered the house and turned to the couch by the window, where Sam and Jess were sitting. Sam looked humored and Jessica looked guilty, holding tightly to a cup of hot cocoa. Only Jessica was in reach of the curtains.
The army found out who Ryworth was and contacted his noble family, who rushed to retrieved him from the war.
Castiel Novak,” Dean replied cheekily.
Could this even constitute as a dumping? They were never official.
“These are your biological children?” Castiel asked.
He approached behind Dean and the sight was even better than the small glimpses he got when he had to bandage him up and when Dean tried to make his escape in the nude. He had an ample sized ass and it was beautifully toned. His pucker looked pristine and tight. Castiel was thoroughly looking forward to stretching it out.
The comfort food wasn’t cheering him up as much as he had hoped, but it was delicious, and it did distract him a little bit. He wasn’t one to indulge, but if this experience taught him anything, it was that he needed to do things for himself more often.
“Well, there’s more of the town to see. But you may want to invest in a library card. Jess is a TV hog, especially this time of year. It’ll be non-stop Hallmark movies from here on out.”
He panted heavily as his vision came to, and realized that Castiel was hunched, holding his hand to his head as if to relieve a headache, and was equally disoriented.
Dean was surprised by Bobby’s outburst and the amount of pain on his surrogate father’s face right now. “Dean, I am
Later that afternoon, Dean made a phone call to Bobby. Zachary was still loose in the wind, but Jo was safe and so was Gabriel. Bobby confirmed that Castiel and Gabriel could get house arrest sentences provided their full cooperation succeeds in enough valid intel to take down some other high profile FBI targets and the insight into Zachary’s treason is substantial. That was at least a start.
Dean nodded gently. “Yes, Castiel. Let me feel you in me.”
Dean almost wined at the
She gave him a dismissive noise. “We have too many cooks in the kitchen as is,” she assured. “We are running everything perfectly fine. At least one of us should be able to pursue their passions.”
Castiel groaned and tried to loosen up the stress building in his neck. “First I need a massage for my neck and back, and you can figure out what to massage from there.”
“Nonsense,” Dean said as he stepped in front of Castiel. “Tonight was a great experience, and the look on your face as you watched them was…….just so beautiful. I enjoy every moment I get to hang with you and learn about you.” He leaned in, cupped Castiel’s face, and proceeded to kiss him deeply.
“Well, thank you, Karen,” Jessica said. “But it would make for a cute story.” She looked at Dean with a. Hopeful smile and he rolled her eyes. He was happy nobody pushed on the issue more. All in all, it was a more positive Thanksgiving than Dean had anticipated. He looked around at Bobby, Karen, Jess. Jo even joined them after a while. He wondered what Castiel and his family was doing, if he had any family to share it with. He hoped that he did, and he hoped he would see Cas soon.
Dean just stared at Castiel blankly as he processed Castiel’s words before a laugh was choked out. Dean slowed himself when he saw that Castiel’s neutral, albeit slightly mournful expression hasn’t changed. “That’s insane, why would you have this book or have me read it?”
He took a shower, got dressed, and joined Sam for breakfast. Jess was sleeping in since she worked later.
“Nice work, Dean!” Jo replied. “This is a large area, highly populated, and we don’t know enough about the geography yet, but I think this will be good for us.”
Gabriel gave a fake falsely offended visage. “Of course! I am a gentleman! I am Gabriel, but if I’m just eye candy, I’m okay with that.”
Castiel let out a humored hum as he got an idea from Dean. “I hope it was as good for you as it was for me, Dean. How excited you must be that your soulmate is a crime lord. You get to be my sexy little trophy wife for as long as I want you alive. It’ll just me you and me and whatever tiny skimpy outfit I want you in.
The day seemed to drag, partially due to Dean’s excitement, but closing time did eventually come around. Dean locked up the store and Jack sauntered over to him, looking slightly arrogant.
“There were two things,” Bobby explained. “The first was knowing that how miserable we were, and how much we were grieving, we were the only people that made the other feel better. She was all I could think about, and every thought of her made me happy as the day I met her.”
Dean was thankful Cas couldn’t see how largely he was dorkishly grinning. Like a school boy with a pathetic crush, this small interaction made Dean happy beyond comparison.
Sam hummed as he poured his coffee. “How was your date with Castiel?”
“I am so thankful that line didn’t backfire,” Cas replied.
“I just overheard him talk to my aunt, go text him yourself,” Jack replied annoyed.
“Goodnight,” Sam stated as she headed away towards her own car.
That caught Castiel off guard, the remorseful look Dean was giving the floor. He cleared his throat and tried to fix his expression for Castiel. “Enough about that. Back to the
“I would prefer not to sell my business to someone who will just tear it down,” Bobby said. “It may be a humble life, but it’s yours if you want it.”
If that sultry tone and suggestive imagery didn’t already go straight to Dean’s dick, he would have been done for when Castiel put his lips on Dean’s neck to give him a simple kiss before pulling back immediately, staring him down. He walked backwards until he got to where the room opened to the hallway and he gave Dean a wink before vanishing out of sight.
Castiel quickly sat up and wrapped his arms around Dean and gave him a possessive look. “I’m already going to have you all to myself. I don’t care how many men or women have touched you before, nobody’s touching you again,” he growled.
Castiel gave Dean a flirtatious smirk. “We’re going to run away together, Dean.”
caught him checking you out when you left, so I told him he should check out your little library. Did you show him your Dewey Decimal System?”
“So I should hold off on the torture?” Gabriela sked patronizingly, earning another angered glance from Castiel. “I’m kidding! I already know you don’t want me to, nor would I hurt my future brother-in-law! The wedding will be
“He doesn’t know,” Cas said as he kept the phone to himself now, walking away. “I am prepared to exchange him in exchange for a short man with a punchable face and slicked chestnut hair by the name of Gabriel. Angiolstovy’s restaurant, eight o’clock. No, I will not extend in order to give you more time to insource agents, and the next call I better hear Gabriel’s voice alive and well within two hours.”
He opened his GPS on his phone to navigate him to the address Castiel provided him and started the car. He hadn’t been to the side of town Castiel lived in, but it was pretty nice; it wasn’t too different than Sam’s area, although since Sam and Jessica both had prestigious careers, this was likely a prestigious area too.
“So-” Castiel stated awkwardly, breaking the silence. “Are you looking for anything specific?”
“I should get going,” Castiel said. “You need to get to sleep.”
Dean smiled softly. So Castiel was pleased enough to tell one of his sisters, and the word ‘date’ was almost definitely used.
Russia, Dean. How do you feel about an open relationship? I don’t get jealous, so I may need you to service some business men for a favor or two. After all, you love me just as much as I do you, so you won’t mind at all, right sweetie?”
“Well they misjudged my type by a longshot,” Castiel countered, regardless of how much of a lie that was.
Castiel gave him a knowing look and a smirk as he pulled back the adhesive bandage that was protecting his wound. The peeling of the adhesive on the sore skin was discomforting, but nothing would be as painful as whatever he was injected with.
“It wasn’t for trafficking,” Dean stated. “Although we can expand.”
Dean pressed the down button on the remote a few times. “What were you saying?”
“Merry Christmas, Winchesters!” Missouri greeted. “Either you two had a gorgeous baby with one hell of a growth spurt, or this must be your brother.”
He made his way to his room and collapsed in his bed and sighed heavily. He wished he could be more like the man that Bobby, Sam, and Jess saw. He turned his head over to get comfortable when he saw the unopened
Dean looked at Castiel curiously, trying to use his FBI brain to deduce an angle, gauge information. “I was indifferent. It felt like an obligation, something I’d have to do.”
The interrogator, now identified as Gabriel, looked at Novak with offense. “Yeah, just throw out my name.”
Castiel wasn’t even sure if he could follow through with his promise on letting her go, but Mr. Bortnik wouldn’t have a chance. Hope was a funny thing that way. It is the only thing that will keep Gleb going. It is the only thing that had kept Castiel going the past few years. It is likely the only thing keeping Dean strong right now.
“Came back and see me soon” the waitress flirted.
Dean raised an eyebrow at her curiously. “Your customer service skills suck.”
“FBI,” she said proudly. “I’m looking for Dean Winchester.”
“There’s no pressure, and no rush,” Sam assured.
“Poor you,” Dean teased, smiling at Bobby’s antics. Bobby wasn’t biologically related to him, but he was long-time friend of his father’s, the man was practically his uncle. He was certainly family.
There was a specific sigh that was exhaled from the individual that made Dean feel at ease. “Yes.” Dean was expecting maybe a little bit more, but that was on him he supposed.
Dean gave him a cock smirk as he leaned into his intimate space. “Pleasure,” he purred tingling the skin on Castiel’s neck. Castiel bit his lip and pushed Dean away gently.
Dean let out a broken rasp. He didn’t know how much he needed to hear those words from Castiel. “Thank you, Cas,” he said as he placed his own hand on top of Cas’s.
Anna grimaced with disappointment. “Damn it,” she said. “He ran?”
“Sorry,” Dean apologized.
“Ah,” Castiel said. “Do they teach you to listen for that in FBI School?”
“You’re from Lawrence originally, right?” Castiel asked.
going to be unnecessarily cruel to Dean just because he hurt Castiel’s feelings last night.
But with a heavy sigh, his thoughts lead him back to Anastasia…
Dean felt his phone vibrate on his drive home. He was very relieved Jess was working at the hospital tonight and he could dodge her invasive questions for another night. He collapsed in his bed and checked out his cellphone.
“You know how you told us to make sure we gave Mr. Winchester whatever he requested?” the guard asked.
Carlie nodded. “Yeah, both families sort of founded this town and their ancestors apparently were engaged in this battle of grandeur and tried to one-up the other with generosity, but they’ve calmed down now as far as I know. Each wanted to have the city named after them, but due to their generosity to the other towns people, they decided Angel City was more appropriate.”
“The second thing is from me. You dropped out of school so you could work hard to pay the bills so I could finish high school, and I know you loved school and always wanted to go to college. I’ll return the favor. I’ll co-sign and pay whatever is left over if you want,” Sam said.
“Blame Gabriel,” Castiel said as he walked by Dean and kissed the top of his head before resting his own head against Dean’s. “I promise to give you a slightly more romantic kiss before we say goodbye, if that’ something you’ll want.”
She got up and poured him a glass of whiskey and brought it back over to him. “This one will be on the house if you tell me what’s wrong.”
Dean nodded in agreement. “I would too, but we can’t throw in the towel yet. We got to think about the silver linings.”
