Given the amount of people confined to such a small space, the noise level should have been deadly. However, Sam’s kitchen was eerily silent.
Shaking his head, Steve gave a faint shrug. "Not my business what I'm doing in other realities," he said, smiling with mischief. "Though if I'm busy fighting you, then clearly I'm missing out." He cupped the back of Tony's head and nuzzled his cheek. "This is much better."
“Fine, be that way,” Steve snapped as he scrambled off the ground. God his lips felt completely numb. He stalked towards the RV’s front door, and only turned around when he was already half way inside. “But tomorrow, I’m gonna take the tent. And if the others have to hold you down and lock you up, so be it.”
He figured Obi had only wanted to introduce him real quick—the new golden goose that'd make the rich even richer—but Tony had taken one good look at his board, and decided then and there that things wouldn’t play out like that.
There was another chuckle from Barnes, followed by an eye roll. “Good night, love birds.” With that, he was walking into the room, and before Tony could say something, the door was already closing right in their faces.
The larger part of Tony itched to go to Steve and make it all better. He wanted to take him into his arms, and get the fuck out of here, away from all the pain. Right now.
“I don’t understand,” Steve said, because it was the truth. He couldn’t grasp all this. “But you wanted her back, you
He threw his shield the next instant, and Bucky plunged into battle without any preliminaries. The moment Steve was within range, he spun like a dervish and thrust out his knives, nearly slicing through Steve’s throat in the process. But Steve was quicker, and ducked to the side, throwing a punch at Bucky’s side. The blow left Bucky slightly—and very briefly—off balance, and Steve took quick advantage of that fact, throwing an uppercut before he had even straightened up, knocking Bucky off his feet.
It didn’t matter, though. Steve didn’t stop. He walked right out of the room without looking back once. He practically ran up the stairs and into the bright daylight waiting for him outside.
“Yes. Let’s do it,” Tony replied, and took a low breath as he reached for the handle of the machine he was standing next to. He raised his black eyes to the ceiling, going still for just a moment. Steve had never once seen him actually look at something when speaking to JARVIS, but he did now. He looked squarely at the camera and smiled. “See you on the other side, buddy.”
Behind them, the hangar was going up in flames. Spider-Man was quickly ushering everyone out, but Tony couldn’t move. Steve was currently carting his best friend to safety, and all in all, everything had worked out as they had planned. Everyone had made it out. They could stop Zemo from doing whatever it was he wanted to do. They could save the world once more, whether it wanted to be saved or not.
As it was, the taxi driver wasn’t paying them any attention, so Tony didn’t mind Steve leaning into him, their hands entwined, their heads so close he could feel each of Steve’s breaths.
There was an awkward silence. Bucky was still staring at Steve like he was having trouble understanding what was even happening. Only when he realized that Bruce had addressed him directly, he met Natasha’s eyes, shifting uncomfortably. She offered a bemused smile and nodded.
Tony shook his head, sighing. “Not that I don’t like the idea of being your savior, mind you. But baby—”
,” Tony exhaled. “Or people who’re crazy about tacky Roadside Kitsch like pink elephants or something. It’s stupid, and a waste of our time and gas.”
The places where they had slept, eaten, trained—it was all gone. And now, all these hours later, he just stared at those broken remains and all he could come up with was indifference.
“So bossy,” Tony quipped, chuckling. “Have you always been this bossy, or is that new? I think I’m having second-thoughts on this whole marriage thing already.”
“No teasing.” Lifting him up with his palms firmly under his ass, Steve eased Tony back onto him. He was tight and slick and silky… Tony’s muscles clenched around him, and his faint grunting mewls drove Steve wild. Tony rocked back and forth, bumping against Steve’s body, visibly aching for more friction. Steve’s left hand snaked around them, finding Tony’s cock with unerring precision.
“You okay?” Tony asked with a worried frown. His brow pressed to his, his eyes closed reverently. His small grasp teasing him to lengths Steve hadn’t thought possible.
“Should’ve known you’d book one of those greenie hotels,” Tony said, obviously trying to sound bored and nonchalant. “You really couldn’t be more proper than this.”
Steve leaned forward to help Sam to his feet, when he tried standing up. “Hawkeye took a hit,” Sam told him with a serious expression.
, Tony,” Steve replied with a steady voice. And by the look in Tony’s eyes, he’d crossed a line. “If you’d just tell me…”
Tony nodded, then pressed a firm kiss against Steve’s temple. “Come on, let’s get inside. Sam is making breakfast and I need you to eat something before Thor inhales all the food. We’ll figure this out together, I promise.”
It worked, but not much. Tony honestly didn’t know what was worse: the fact that he didn’t regret kissing Steve, or the fact that he really missed him.
There was a slight rustle behind Steve, the barest hint of a sound, then he suddenly felt cool air wafting past his neck. Whirling around without exposing his back to Strucker’s men, Steve fixated the woman—the
“To be determined,” Tony quipped, then looked back up at Steve. “Our son’s the worst cockblock of all times,” he informed him.
Clint’s brows perked with interest as he glanced over his shoulder. “Maybe they needed to rebuild it?”
—, but overbalanced, and fell. Frantically, he shot upwards, the repulsor skittering off of an armored chest. The shots Sam fired at him clang against his armor, the sound of it ringing out like a bell.
“My God…” Steve breathed, and covered the space between them before another beat could pass. He pressed a kiss onto Tony’s cheek, not knowing what to do—
“Just not sure I can hold up with the playboy part of Tony Stark, Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist TM.”
“The ultimatum wouldn’t have mattered,” Tony interrupted wearily. “Not if I’d told him first. I just delayed the inevitable.”
Tony sighed, shoving those thoughts aside. Instead, he glanced at Steve, who, in return, was looking at him with a low and steady smile.
He didn’t fool himself. When it came to the Vision, Tony knew there were a thousand things he would never understand. Everything he and Bruce had done that day had been a purely scientific effort, but the outcome had been far beyond that, and completely out of Tony’s reach.
.” With that, Tony lunged, the shield still raised in his free hand. Steve winced out of reflex, but held his ground. The shield only touched his chest with the barest hint of strength, then Tony lowered it back down. And with it gone, Tony was suddenly very close, the determination leaking from his eyes.
The ride home was… definitely something. Steve was seated right next to Tony, pressing against him so insistently he was halfway sitting in his lap. They weren’t kissing again, and maybe Tony was paranoid about it, but he
It took him five whole minutes and a lot of prodding to get Steve’s address. He knew Steve was living at some apartment complex near the arts faculty, and the taxi driver changed route without so much as batting an eye.
“Blade,” Tony rasped, then groaned, when Bruce pressed a compression bandage further on the wound. “Still stuck.”
Steve knew better than to open that can of worms, so he decided to take another track. Folding his arms across his chest, he sat down on the end of the sofa next to the cradle.
Tony’d hummed. “I like it.” He’d taken a step back, looking Steve up and down once more before meeting his gaze again. “We’re going to have some fun tonight. Right?”
He smiled weakly. That had not been what he’d had in mind for this day. There should’ve been kisses and a real fucking date, for once, and now he was—what—persuading Steve that being with him wasn’t a good idea?
“Alright, here goes nothing…” he said, and reached for that hammer again. If he stood right next to it, chances were high that he’d be catapulted into the exact same timeframe as Steve had.
Tony grimaced, then stared at the ceiling briefly. “Fine,” he said. “It’s gonna be hell to have Ross agree to this, but I’ll manage. Compromise first, sign later.”
“Splendid,” Tony said with a bitter undertone. When he had dressed down to a shirt and his boxers, and lay down on the bed, Steve noticed the dark circles around his eyes, and the paleness of his skin.
Looking down, Steve willed himself to get a little less excited, too. He took three deep breaths and thought about training exercises and his latest read on counter-defensive strategies and the pile of laundry he had to do tomorrow.
Steve threw up his hands. “I don’t know—I don’t know what to make of this. It feels like you don’t trust me at all, and I can’t think straight right now. I just need a breather.”
“Single malt scotch, no ice,” Tony said, pressing his eyes closed. There was no difference, anyway. It was dark, pitch black, almost, and even though he could hear Steve moving, he couldn’t see him.
So to say Tony was nervous was a vast understatement. Though with Steve at his side, clad in a very well fitted suit, ready to go to Washington and put his signature on that paper, it was a lot easier to handle.
His body was still sweating from the antivirus and his hair was sticking to his forehead. His limbs felt thick and his mind thicker, but he pushed through the veil of exhaustion to do what he had to do.
Steve was murmuring words that might have been an agreement. Murmured broken promises into Tony’s neck as his body wound tight and he finally gasped and spilled himself between them. Something in Tony crashed and collided, and he slumped against him, touching every cell of Steve, every nerve, every inch he could reach.
With that, the scene froze, and Steve couldn’t stop staring at the younger Tony’s thoughtful expression.
The Detective’s eyes shone upon him with surprise and something very close to… sadness. But there was no fight. There was no fight in him at all. He let the crowbar sink, then fall to the ground.
"Thanks for having me," he whispered. He knew he had many misgivings, one of which was his lack of tact. He was often headstrong and unyielding, and had spectacular disregard to collateral damage. He was the kind of guy who'd set out to propose at a gay bar. The kind who jumped out of airplanes on a regular basis, implicitly trusting his boyfriend—
Steve was actually here, walking right up to him, and now he was making a scene. A full-out scene, with crossed arms, furrowed brows and heavy breaths. He wasn’t quite yelling, but the sharpness in his tone was painfully obvious. As was his dark expression as he regarded both the girl and Tony.
Even with a whole new world to uncover, Steve’s life managed to fall into a series of habits. On weekdays, he dragged himself from bed, showered, avoided everyone’s intense gaze at the cafeteria table, and went to work. He and Natasha would commiserate over the newest book he’d read and the newest documentary he’d watched on his insanely big television. He stayed in the gym for the most part of the afternoon, and afterwards, they’d train with that tablet-device he’d been given a few days ago.
,” Zemo corrected. “And so will you.” There was a grim sort of satisfaction on Zemo’s face. “An empire toppled by its enemies can rise again. But one which crumples from within…” he looked at Steve, looked at Tony, looked at Bucky, “that’s dead… forever.”
Standing up again, Steve checked the ground around him, and sighed. Tony had warned them about Strucker’s illegal human experimentation.
“Later,” Steve said shortly, tossing Tony another quick glance as he hauled a confused Bucky with him. “I’ll see you later.”
Chuckling despite himself, Steve shook his head and reached his free hand to tentatively take one of Tony's. He could tell, from his posture and the way his voice came softer, that the worst of Tony's anger was over.
“Yeah, yeah. I know,” Tony replied and wrapped both arms around Steve’s middle, stepping closer. “Forgive a sorry old man?”
“It’s not about Indries…” Tony whispered so quiet Steve had trouble hearing him. It was the first time Tony had said her name, and even though it was barely audible, from Tony’s lips, it gained a whole new meaning.
Raising a hand, Tony scrubbed it over his forehead, sighing. “I’m… I just want to… apologize, for what I said about your friend yesterday. Don’t know if you remember—"
Steve huffed, and let his head fall down on the mattress, his eyes tightly shut. Only now Tony realized Steve’s other hand was buried deep into the bed sheets, his knuckles almost white.
At first, Tony thought his mind had just tricked him, but then he saw that everyone around him was already packing their things. The whiteboard was covered in equations and a big scribble of ‘HAPPY ECLIPSE EVERYONE’, and the clock said midday.
He actually felt dizzy as he emptied himself into his husband’s body, slowing down a little at a time, until he was buried all the way in him, pressing hard against his rear, his hand cupped over his leaking cock.
Tony stood up and stepped forward, slamming the contract against the glass front. “Just fucking read this, alright? It might not mean anything to you, but it will help us. Make things easier, while we try to save your sorry undeserving ass.”
And God, why did Steve come here? Why now when it was all too late? To rub salt on the many wounds Tony was sporting? To make it hurt worse?
“This is nice,” Tony said after a moment of quiet, trailing one hand down to Steve’s hip to pull them flush against one another.
Steve sighed, counting to three. Then he curved his arm carefully around Tony and dropped his face into his hair. Tony smelled of metal and a clean, earthy scent that Steve hadn’t really noticed before.
“It just... puts decisions that have been made in the past in a new and not all that great light. And the people who made those decisions, well... they might, potentially, kind of wish they had given it a bit more thought before going through with said decisions.”
After Steve’s little tête-à-tête with Sam’s garage wall, the two of them had been the last to sit down at the dinner table, and after that, everyone remained in silence for several minutes, before it threatened to consume them.
“I never asked her, but I’m pretty sure Natasha’s still in contact with the others. So… you can ask her to forward something to Wanda.” He shrugged. “Just thought I’d let you know.”
They fell silent for long moments. “We will,” Steve agreed eventually, because he really wasn’t gonna force Bucky into this fight if it meant he’d be in danger of losing himself.
That roused a startled laugh from Tony’s lips. “Forgive me,” he whispered. And Steve was dazed by the warm caress of his breath against his skin, by the slight trembling of his bottom lip so close to his own.
“He can’t have been here more than an hour,” Steve told Bucky as they made their way through the Siberian cave.
Tony chuckled. “Well, that’s on me. If we Starks aren’t careful, we have whole head of curls. Sorry, baby.”
"You're right," he said, looking at Tony's face, meeting his eyes. "There must be something wrong with me." Tony opened his mouth at that, looking about ready to yell at him, but Steve held up his hand to stop him. "I've been thinking about the first time I met DUM-E… The way you kissed me. And how I reacted…" He paused, lowering his gaze once more. Clearing his throat, he scratched the side of his head. This had been far easier in theory than in practice. "The thing is, I was angry with myself for leading you on, even though I knew I hadn't actually given you any hints that I was interested…"
When the world came crashing back, their mingled pants were coloring the air and they were curled together in a twist of limbs. Tony realized belatedly that his feet and hands were still digging hard into Steve’s body, his thighs cradling him, holding Steve near as Tony’s eyes slowly cleared and he remembered himself and let loose a little.
It was a battle of wills with them. Always had been. And yet, this was something entirely different. Tony had shoved him to a corner. Trying to do something for him by lying right to his face. And he
There was a short silence and a huff of air. “I’m not gonna complain. Just being allowed this…” He gestured meaningfully at the room. “This, the whole team—It’s more than a sickly boy from Brooklyn could’ve hoped for.”
anyone. I chose the way that meant that—yes, everything would fall apart, and I accepted that—but it was also a way that might, in the long run, not cost me everything. I saw the ghost of a chance and I took it. I was selfish.”
“Well, that was fun,” Clint said as he looked around the debris and rubble, the broken buildings and fallen trees that had once been Sokovia. “We should do this… never again.”
been his last meeting, after all, Tony thought. And this was just some kind of trap, some way to get him out of the picture before he caused any more trouble. It wasn’t how he thought the UN operated, though. Ross was a dick, but a professional one with a pretty straight moral compass.
"I trust you," he said plainly, like that would be answer enough. "What does it matter where it happens, anyway?"
“One of these days…” Tony told Steve, as soon as they were alone. His voice was full of resignation. “…we’re gonna come home and our son will juggle with knifes and small caliber guns.”
Next to them, Hulk slammed a fist on his hairy chest and cast Steve a vicious little grin, as if saying,
"I got a good few lungfuls, don't think it did anything, though." He looked at his hands, pulled up one shoulder, then the other. Nothing felt out of the ordinary. "I think I'm good, but I'll go get the decontaminator going. Don't wanna take any chances." Indicating with his head, Steve then turned to do exactly that.
“It already does,” Tony mumbled, scratching his head. He had left the realm of a common headache long ago, this
“I’m sorry,” Tony said. “I’m so sorry. I don’t… I was so sure you hated me. If you’d said something—”
Tony positioned himself at Steve’s back and fumbled first with the hooks on his uniform top and then with the laces of his gauntlets.
Steve was about to speak his mind about Tony's alleged future conquests, but held his tongue. He smiled instead and finally rolled off of Tony. Much as he liked lying there indefinitely, the condom was starting to get unpleasant against his skin and he wanted it off.
There was a brief pause at that, and Steve smiled up at him through his long lashes. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Me, too.”
Tony shook his head, standing up. “I’m taking the tent,” he announced. “It’s too crowded here either way. Split the beds however you want.”
Steve yawned—it was only noon, but Tony figured they deserved some extra sleep. “What did you plan on doing with those five minutes?”
Steve focused on the nondescript area of the dark tunnel and then gestured for the others to come up beside him. He crept up carefully, trying to get a sense of what he was seeing but couldn’t place it. He turned towards Tony and put a pointed finger next to his eyes, raising an eyebrow in question.
"That's not the only thing he's patting," Steve heard Bucky saying, and he kicked him under the table, making his old friend laugh.
Steve had a mind to say something to that, but in the moment he walked up to where he’d seen Thor go, there was another air blast, effectively tackling Bucky and him to the ground. Steve had about a second to throw one of Klaue’s men through the air, before the boy with the white hair ran right into him again, punching him so hard that he flew to the other side of the room and into a stack of rifle crates.
But Steve wasn't listening to what Bucky was saying. He was busy watching as the lady patted Tony and how his hands rested easily on her back. She was definitely too old for Tony.
The phone was a reminder, an option, a chance, plain and simple. And three months in, Steve’s phone had vibrated in his back pocket. What followed were tensed words, harsh breaths and pointed silence. But eventually, they found a routine. They talked, lightly at first, and it made Steve stare at the ceiling as he took the time to think about the severity of his current situation and bask a little in easy conversation.
The wet suctioning sounds filling the air between their shared pants only fueled the growing inferno in Steve’s belly. God, he could barely keep up with Tony. There were only the steady thrusts of his hips against Steve’s, and the eager slap of his balls against his Steve’s own every time he arched off of him. He heard the squeaking of the mattress beneath their thrusting bodies and shivered at the stream of words Tony likely wasn’t even aware he released into the hot air between them.
“I know it’s hard, Tones, but maybe you can really change what happened,” Rhodey said tentatively. “You know I distrust this whole magic thing just as much as you, but… This might be our last chance. If Thanos gets his hands on the Time Gem, too, we’re done. It’s the last one missing.”
Steve’s mouth hovered over Tony’s, his blue eyes imploring, when he whispered, like a secret, “I’d really like to have you inside me.” His lips found Tony’s throat, and with the way Steve’s voice trembled, Tony would’ve given him anything.
Tony pursed his lips, sighing. “I really am sorry. I didn’t want to make this harder on you. I just… I can’t let them think for so much as a
A sense of despair pushed through him, but it was too late. Electricity burst through his limbs. Pain rained down on his face, filling his eyes, nose and mouth. Choking a bit, he screamed. He
. He ordered the parts on his private account. There was no need for Obi to know about this, he figured. It wouldn’t exactly be something that’d pique his interest.
“Thank god,” Tony breathed. He rushed to his feet and threw his arms around Steve’s neck, burying his face in the crook of his neck.
to say something and not caring if any of the others saw him crumble in the face of this… mess. “Sweetheart,” he prompted with a cautious tone, but Steve held up a hand to stop him.
It was odd to think that Peggy’s death might be just around the corner. “She won’t be alone, you know. When it happens.” Bucky smiled at him. “You said it yourself: Pegs got a whole family, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, lots of people who love her.”
“Your pants are a travesty,” Tony grumbled, fidgeting with the zipper. The look on his face was so adorably frustrated that Steve could not help but laugh. The next thing he knew, however, Tony had stripped his pants away and pushed them down Steve’s thighs.
Steve huffed in amusement, but as usually decided to play along with Tony’s shenanigans and only slightly leaned back in his hold. “Are you actually jealous of Bucky?” he asked, grinning.
He sighed. He had to let go. After all, Steve had been very clear that there was no chance whatsoever. And there were plenty more fish in the sea.
"Then let's do this for a bit," he suggested, pulling slightly out before sinking back in, slow, steady motion, easy to predict and anticipate. "If you need anything, just say the word."
Fumbling out the chip, he pushed it forward and—there was another shot, piercing through Steve’s other arm. He groaned mutely, exhaustion almost blocking the pain, and watched as Bucky came rushing towards him. The second Iron Legion suit blocked his path though, taking up the fight for now.
Eventually, they arrived at the first camping sight, and everyone seemed to realize how tired they truly were. Which led to yet another argument about sleeping arrangements.
But it was too late. Steve had already vanished, his fingers brushing Tony’s one last time, almost gently. And Tony…
Tony snorted and rolled his eyes. “Of course that’s what you'd take from that. I’m basically declaring my feelings for you and
For an excruciatingly long moment, Natasha stared at him without moving, stared at him with uncertainty plain on her face. Then, she slowly licked her lips and smiled at him. She pressed against him once more, curled in his embrace.
Bloodshot eyes found Steve’s—a clash of violent blue—and every molecule froze. Steve felt something hard clench in the pit of his stomach, without being fully able to explain what it was. There was nothing to do but stare for long, endless seconds, stranded in a memory he couldn’t quite place.
Tony had his phone in his hands in a heartbeat, scrolling through some pages, before he typed in a few lines of code to probably get some of the not-yet-official information.
And with every breath Steve took now, Tony dreaded losing it all the more. It was there, an impossible yearning gnawing his insides away.
Tony’s eyes hesitantly drifted upwards, clashing with Steve’s blue ones. They were a deep sea of shock and the world around Tony crumbled. Steve looked real tense, and it wasn’t hard to tell this wasn’t going as he’d hoped it would.
He detected a hint of jealousy in his tone, and Steve smiled. “Willing, maybe,” he conceded. “But most of these people are about as interesting as watching paint dry.”
“So…” Natasha began with a little amused huff and raised both hands to Steve’s head to smooth down his hair. “I hope he made it good.”
That was good, Tony told himself firmly and allowed Ultron to topple him to the ground. He’d prepared himself for this, he’d analyzed it, accepted it, there was no need to fear, no need to second-guess himself.
“I’ll go with you,” Steve said and in some way, it sounded more like a declaration than any of those sappy words waiting on Tony’s tongue.
“Knock yourself out. I’ll just be upstairs. We’re fixing dinner for the birthday party, so join us once you’re done.”
His hand encircled the base of Steve’s erection, holding him in position when his hips did a little jerk forward. A small, confident smile stretched Tony’s lips, his tongue lapping at the silky head of his cock. With his hand, he pumped him steadily, his eyes drawn to Steve’s face ever so often, memorizing every gasp, every moan. He loved the way he whimpered, and the feeling of his hand weaving through his hair, tenderly massaging his scalp.
He leaned down, pressing his forehead against Steve's.  "You won't lose me like you lost Bucky, I promise," Tony said, his lips brushing against Steve's snout.
"Tony?"  There was confusion in Steve's voice, reminding Tony of exactly why he was packing that part of him away.  Steve was a dragon.  It would never work between them, and he ignored the part of him that said he was willing to live without the more sexual side of a relationship for it.   Steve was just so
At first, nothing happened.  It was just a picture of the wall as it had been, unmoving and uninteresting.  But a few seconds later, Doctor Doom blew a hole through the wall, his jet packs powering off as he stepped through it and walked down the hall, cape flowing dramatically behind him.
Tony risked glancing to the floor to see she was right.  It was near the ledge and another quake shook it even closer as he kept a firm grasp on Viper to keep her from escaping.  He pushed her forward, forcing her down where she could reach it.  He didn't think of the pain Steve was in.  He had to concentrate.  "You have five seconds before I drop you over.  I'm sure the hydra would appreciate a nice priestess for breakfast, regardless of authenticity."
It was a few days before Steve really had enough time to play around with the new device. FRIDAY directed him to a new tablet that was apparently designed specifically for drawing, unlike his normal tablet. After watching a few of the tutorials, he was starting to see why that made a difference. It was enough for him to overcome his misgivings to give it a test run.
"No," Tony said, struggling to get out of Steve's grip.  This was wrong.  Steve didn't love him, he was sure of that.  He wouldn't be holding Tony down either.
"I'm glad," Kes said.  She'd hated having to work on Steve Rogers's code like she did.  Even JARVIS and FRIDAY hadn't had their code altered by anyone but themselves for the past hundred years. "I didn't...  I'm sorry.  I never should have-"
"Oh?" Tony asked.  And there the change was again, except this time it was more open.  Relaxed, almost.  "So what causes the Great Captain America to
He heard Stark moving around the table, then quiet.  Steve thankfully didn't have to wait long for judgement.  "You
"Going back to your army?" Steve said, his wings fanning out behind him.  This time, Tony got the impression it was meant to be intimidating.  It was pretty effective too.
"That was a 'You're waiting until he's out of the hospital before you even think about it,' Rogers."
But he did have a decision to make.  Unfortunately, he couldn't muster up the courage to actually ask, which was his main problem.  He'd been lucky with Peggy.  She'd seen right through him.
"What if I mess this up?"  Steve asked.  "Ms. Potts said he'd try to start a fight and I don't have the best temper either.  He's Iron Man's boss.  What if I just make things worse?"
And even if Steve had a higher tolerance for the cold, it certainly held no good memories for him.  Tony continued to rub the length of Steve's neck soothingly, feeling Steve's gratitude in return as his fingers danced over the soft scales.
"It was a cave-in, but I have a suit," Tony admitted, imagining the armor in his mind's eye for Steve's benefit.  "I can use it to try to dig myself out.  It may take me a few days to get through."
Now he was going to have to try it again, if Tony was spending all that money on him. He'd learned the hard way early on just to accept Tony's gifts as long as they weren't too extravagant, so he forced a smile. "Thanks."
He looked down at his phone for a moment then ignored it.  Tony stared, then snorted.  "Don't let me keep you from your messages.  Could be a secret admirer, and you don't want to disappoint them," he said teasingly.
"He is," Steve said, punching Iron Man's shoulder lightly.  "Now, what are you catching me up on today?"
"I suspected," Fury reminded him.  "I told you, it doesn't do SHIELD any good to know this, and it could do a lot of harm if they did with the internal politics."
Fury gave him a moment to compose himself, watching Tony's still form with an unreadable expression.  "So the bastard knew the whole time," Fury said finally.  When Steve shot him a look of disbelief, Fury shrugged.  "Yeah, I know.  Pot, kettle.  Still, I knew his trust issues ran deep, but this is on a different level.  He didn't tell anyone, did he?"
Steve knew it wouldn't be Tony who forced Iron Man to choose.  There were circumstances outside of anyone's control that would change things.  Steve only hoped their friendship would remain intact after it.  He moved closer to Iron Man, placing his hands on the warm metal shoulders.  "It's okay," Steve said.  For now.
"Huh."  It followed that if he said something while thinking of Steve, it should send.  He gave it a short test.  "
keep secrets," Tony said, feeling Steve's fear and surprise at that.  "If you knew all of this was coming, why didn't you say anything?  You could have warned me about Viper, or-"
"It's...  stupid reasons, I suppose.  Men in our society aren't supposed to cry, though Pep would tell me off if she heard me say that."  And besides, Stark men were made of iron.  He wondered how much had been the Zemo formula and how much of his memories of those years had been the true Howard Stark.  He didn't remember much of his father before the Great War, and after...
"But come on, I'd look amazing in this!" Jan said, holding up the design she'd been working on throughout Steve's stirring speech.
Tony nodded, wiping away the sweat from his brow.  Under her wings, it was only as bad as a desert, and he'd been in plenty of deserts before.  There was another dragon sitting on a dais, a deeper red than Peggy and also lacking horns.  Did the horns denote sex?  This dragon was also lacking a crest that he'd seen on the others.
"Sorry," Steve said, biting his lip as he kept the guilt at bay.  Guilt could come after making sure Tony's finger didn't become infected.
Steve briefly wondered how this had become his life.  Seeing Tony hesitantly return Natasha's smile was worth it though.  Except then she grabbed Tony's wrist and tugged hard until Tony practically tumbled on top of her.  Steve immediately stepped forward to make sure Natasha didn't hurt her leg further, but he should have known she'd take that into account.
Tony gasped as the movement jarred his leg and worry became the number one emotion he was getting from Steve.  "I'm fine," Tony gritted out.  He pushed on Steve's flank to get his point across.  "Or will be.  Let them get me to a healer."
Steve's nostrils flared and he seized on the new topic.  "I like art," Steve admitted shyly.  "When I was young, I was very small and sick a lot of the time.  It was something I could do that made my mother happy."
"Go," Tony said, standing as well, his phone in his hand as he scrolled through the alarm data.  "I'll send Iron Man to your location."
Happy and another security guard were leading Mrs. Fairfax away when she shook them off with a huff.  "We'll see if I ever give to the Maria Stark Foundation causes again," she said as she stalked off.
"We can only move forward," Rhodey said.  He reached over and took Tony's hand, eyes growing wet.  Steve bit down his envy.  There was no reason he couldn't have taken Tony's hand earlier, other than his own guilt stopping him.  "We can only hope that things will move forward again for him too."
"It's natural charm," Tony said, finding his footing.  "Everyone wants a piece of me.  Why?  Looking for some advice on how to woo members of the family Papilionoidea?"
It was nothing like carrying home a light weight lush through London, however.  The underbrush was unforgiving and uneven, making him regret the lack of a machete.  It also looked deadly in ways that would probably fascinate Rhodey but put a reverential fear of nature into Tony.  Without Viper's soft, cultured tones in his ear guiding him from danger, Tony wouldn't have set foot in here.  It was Rhodey's idea of paradise, not his.
Tony let Viper down, not happy with the situation.  He looked around the green courtyard, the rust on the side of the walls worrying him.  Surely a temple like this couldn't be a safe place to live.
Tony closed his eyes, leaning his forehead against Steve's flank as the dragon's tail tightened around his ankles.  The worst of it was that what she said was true.  He had failed.  This was all his fault.
Tony still hadn't pulled away, so Steve kept up his half-hearted dancing.  He rubbed Tony's back, relishing in the warmth of Tony's body against his.  Cold didn't physically bother him that much after the serum, but seventy years in ice made him think he was still cold a lot of the time.  It was nice, being this close to someone again.  It was a kind of warmth that Steve had been missing, and it amazed him that Tony was willing to give him this, even if only as a friend.
Tony was about to reply when Sharon poked at Tony's pant leg with one of her claws.  "What are these... clothes?" she asked.  "Why do you have them?"
"I apologize," JARVIS's voice interrupted.  "But it would be best to remain seated and fasten your seat belts."
Tony couldn't have said what it was, either Steve's eyes or the line of his wings, but something made Tony think that the dragon was affronted, and Tony had to stifle a laugh.  "That is not my name," Steve said with a definite pout.
"Whatever you're thinking, Little Bear, I promise you it's not true," Tony said softly.  "You can do this.  Everyone falls sometimes.  You're getting back up again, and we're both proud of you for that."
"Because we're not a team, we're a time bomb," Bruce said, and normally Steve would worry about the green tint in his eyes, but he was too angry at Iron Man for ignoring him.
The dragons were gone?  Tony spared a brief moment to worry about where Steve had gotten to, but that would have to wait for now.  "Don't move.  I'm coming down," he said.
"Mr. Stark is currently down in the workshop," JARVIS said, sounding both apprehensive and relieved.
"You mistake Doom's words for petty condolences.  My family suffered under German rule and I know better than you what horrors Hydra planned," Doom said.  "And I have come to fulfill my side of our bargain, so you would do well to respect my words."
"Tony?" Steve said, his eyes widening.  He didn't let Tony up though, and Tony got a very faint sense of unease coming from the dragon.  "I can't... I can't sense you in there.  Prove you're him."
"Bringing you coffee counts as taking care of you.  Should I just take these back then?" Rhodey asked.
He struck his non-gauntleted hand in his pocket and tried not to shiver.  He had gotten used to the warmth of the dragon lands and he wasn't dressed for what was probably close to freezing.  Hopefully he wouldn't be in here too long.
"But Cap reminds you to gosh, darn it, watch your language," Tony continued in that tone that meant he was annoying Cap.  "Keep shooting, Rhodey."
Dragons, Tony realized with a start, rarely dealt with open wounds for an extended period of time.  The leaf bandages might be more for pain relief than stemming the blood flow.  "If I don't, you'll bleed out.  Those leaves you guys use as bandages, do you see any near by?"
Tony felt a brief brush against his mind, then the anger noticeably lessened, though Tony could still feel it when he concentrated.  "What did you-"
"Leave it, Rhodey.  It's fine."  Stark's voice sounded tired and defeated, like the only option was to accept the judgement that had already been passed.
"Alright.  It's in the past now, I suppose.  We can't help it and it was a mistake made of good intentions, if not in wisdom," Peggy said, poking at Steve with her tail.  Steve ignored her, head still low to the ground, and Tony could feel more guilt rolling off him.  Tony started to try to move towards him, but Sam's claw on his shoulder kept him down.
Tony could sort of remember that.  The last few minutes on the plane were a little fuzzy, which he attributed to the concussion.  "Something happened to JARVIS," he said, trying not to let that panic him.  He couldn't think about JARVIS right now, not when there was nothing to do to help him.  He'd fix JARVIS when they got back, but right now he had to help Steve.
Susan still looked frightfully young and scared, but she nodded, and the armor fell away at her signal.  "I'll... I'll see you upstairs?" she said in the hesitant way of someone who had been abandoned and left on her own for too long.
want to talk.  But he didn't mind Steve's arms around him and the comforting circles he was rubbing in Tony's back.  Though it was surprisingly low for-
He ended up not being able to ask that night as there was a call about some missing Chitauri weapons that the team had to take care of. A simple mission, at least. Only Rhodey was hurt, but his sprained ankle actually came from before the mission when he'd been sparring with Natasha, rather than the mission itself.
He looked at the murals as he went, wondering again who had made them.  The dragons never came out this far and Steve didn't even like sticking his head through the gate to yell at him if he was late for lunch or dinner.  Perhaps they had been made before the dragons sealed themselves underground?  But surely not even 'magical' dragon colors would still be this vivid from that long ago.  Then he pushed that thought to the back of his mind, because if any of the dragons heard it, they would probably tell him it was magic.
Natasha's eyes narrowed at him, and he hoped the phone wouldn't show how his ears were burning.  "Don't tell me you've fallen in love with Stark too."
Tony placed his hands on Steve's cheeks, feeling a small thrill as Steve leaned into the warmth.  He kissed Steve's forehead.  "You're warm now.  No more planes for a while, huh, Winghead?"
"What's in the folder?" he asked as he picked up a sandwich.  He should be starving, especially after going so long without normal human meals, but he didn't really taste the food he forced himself to eat.
The workshop door opened a bit smoother than he'd been expecting since he'd been away for so long, but the workshop itself was a little dustier than he'd left it.  Tony was glad of that.  It meant his thief hadn't been looting down here and the house staff obeyed his orders to keep out.  It'd take a bit of cleaning, but he could do that later.
"Yes," she said, the eye he could see going wider.  If Tony was a betting man, he'd say her eyes were green.  "I've seen you with
The battlefield was a nightmare, but Tony had seen worse before.  He spotted Little Rhodey about to be overwhelmed, so he flew right into the fray, blasting Skrulls with a vengeance.
"Wasn't looking for Viper," Steve said, shivering lightly under Tony's hands.  "Was looking for this."
Finding nothing under it, he looked at the raised podium.  That was suspiciously less dusty, but there were no buttons on it.  Which meant something was moved from it.  Tony didn't particularly like the implications of that.  It usually meant someone had taken the treasure beforehand, and in this case, whatever 'treasure' that might be in here was potentially lethal.
"Because that worked the last five times you tried it," Kestrel snapped.  "You're Skrulls, all of you.  Really, really weird ones, but still Skrulls."
Tony woke feeling rested.  He had a minor headache, but it wasn't too bad.  There was a vague memory of a bad dream and the stars, but it was gone by the time he shook his head.
This time when the irrational jealousy popped up, Steve kept a lid on it.  It still bristled him though, that
"Should have been wearing a head to toe gold-titanium armor?" Iron Man asked wryly.  "You are the most stubborn man I know, Cap.  If anyone could have broken it, it would have been you.  And since you didn't, I'd say it was pretty unbreakable.  No one else was able to fight it.  The armor and this reactor-" Iron Man knocked on the glowing circle in the center of his chest lightly.  It made a sharp metallic clang.  "-counteracted whatever energy it was giving off.  Didn't even work when old Green and Gold tried to turn me into a blue-eyed darling."
The next day, however, he walked out mid-morning to find no dragons.  "Steve?" he called out as he clanked through the gate and took his helmet off.  There was no reply.  "Peggy?  Sam?"
Again, he got a disapproving look, but followed with a sense of amusement.  Good to know his charm worked on other species.  "Definitely a scoundrel.  Now, you are also wounded, so let's get you to the healers."
Bruce's lips tilted up in a rare smile.  "The man's crazy, I'll give him that.  It's nice though.  There aren't many people who have no fear of the Other Guy.  I could get used to that kind of crazy."
The rest of the trip back to the city was quiet.  Tony didn't feel like talking and Peggy didn't push him.  Only the breeze filled Tony's thoughts as he tried to push away all the other things.
"Most people make chicken soup when people are sick.  She's not sick," Steve said, though not unkindly.
He didn't want to waste too many bullets when the hydra was waking up too, but the repulsors were a fraction too slow to charge.  He fired two rounds, hitting the thing right in the chest.  It dropped like a log.  "See?  I handled it."
Tony had never quite spoken against the parties trying to invoke restrictions on the Avengers, but he had never uttered an affirmative word either. Now, it seemed, he’d made up his mind.
Whatever the giant green thing was, it seemed to be growing, its main body was now almost filling out the whole street. Tony hovered above, and the only thing he could really do for now was shoot at a vine here and there and stop it from causing any more harm than it already had.
It was too much. Steve was well past the point of drawing this out. He didn't even consider that it might be best to come as soon as he could, it just wasn't a thought his mind could process. His grasp of Tony's hair tightened—not moving him in any direction, just holding on, and maybe issuing a warning a split second before he finally climaxed, his hips jerking a little forward in aborted little motions. Tony's name fell from his lips once, twice, until he finally slumped back, spent and speechless. He glanced down then, too awed to say anything for a long moment.
He shoved Bucky into the car against Sam, who was just turning the ignition. Raising his shield, Steve took a steadying breath, then threw it into the air. The shield flew a perfect arc and hit four—five—policemen, before dipping a bit lower and slashing a few car tires. After grabbing the shield when it flew back to him, Steve swiftly kicked the door shut. The sudden sound was like a starter pistol and on the next beat, the cat man had jumped onto the hood once more.
It was hard to say how much Barnes knew. Steve had always seemed to be the sort of man who kept his emotions close to the heart, but the two clearly had known each other for a while, so Barnes might as well have read the letter himself.
“There are no words…” he murmured, one fingertip reverently stroking over Steve’s heartbeat. “None.”
Of course Tony wouldn’t be beyond begging. Holding back on what he wanted didn’t seem to be part of his nature, and Steve loved him for it.
“I can’t,” Steve suddenly said. He glanced to Tony once more, looking at him as if he’d never really seen him before… and then, he turned around.
“Maybe not,” Tony conceded, then sighed. “I… uh, I decided to give Banner full access to everything concerning the reactor. Data, prototypes, all of it.”
“The girl tried to warp my mind,” the god answered with a grave voice. “Take special care, I doubt a human could keep her at bay. Fortunately, I… am… mighty…”
"Thanks," he said shortly, shoving back in, and starting up a quick, hard pace. He angled his inwards strokes just right to drive Tony crazy, and leaned over him to accentuate his dressed condition. If Tony was so keen on doing this with Steve still clothed, he might as well feel it.
Endless moments later, Tony’s trembling voice echoed over the comm-line. “Fire,” he said, and the sound was hollow and empty. “Fire, now.”
And Tony still just stood there, saying nothing. There was really no way to tell what went on in his head, if he was maybe already trying to forget about what had happened between them. And in the wake of his stillness, Steve had to admit to himself that… that they hadn’t really resolved much of anything, had they? Ever since they’d all come back together to fight Thanos, he’d only tip-toed around the real issue, too afraid to say something wrong and break the fragile truce between them. And being stranded together in that dimension, being so close, finally seeing Tony for who he really was—it had changed
He knew he should be focusing on Ian. He should be able to hold a conversation with his friends—with Pepper, and Natasha, and Maria, and Rhodey—who were, after all, doing their very best to mend fences, each on their own. Instead, he found his thoughts constantly returning to Steve. Whenever he walked past the framed photo of Tony’s birthday-party, with them sharing a kiss that was more laughter than anything else and cradling a newborn Ian in their arms, something in his chest tightened with yearning.
The guy had bolted out of the room in the blink of an eye. And now Tony was alone in his confusion, and he had decided that hate was the only reasonable way to go, here.
Peter smiled. “But I’m okay now, Mr. Stark. Really. Tell me about the Avengers, what have you been up to recently?”
She cast him a crooked smile. “Help us and I’ll tell you. Help us get to the bottom of this. And I promise you everything will be alright.”
Bucky froze, every inch of his body wrought with tension. “No I don’t!” Hard, shattering gasps rocked through his chest. He turned around swiftly, eyes clashing again with his before exploring the area behind him.
“Familiar situation, different circumstances,” Tony joked with a little hysteric giggle. However, Steve’s closed-up expression didn’t waver once, his movements were fast and effective, as he single-mindedly pressed button after button, baring most of Tony’s body, before he moved aside.
“No, but it’s run by people with agendas and agendas change. If we sign these, we surrender our right to choose. What if this panel sends us somewhere we don’t think we should go. What if it’s somewhere we need to go, and they don’t let us?”
“He wants to steal a biological weapon?” Steve asked, then looked at Tony accusingly. “See—that’s what I mean. You keep doing that, throwing information at me and… How would you possibly know that? And if you say that JARVIS got his hands on some reports, I swear, Tony—”
that. I was there when we worked on his implants, twenty-four seven, remember? Why are you all assuming that I’m mad at him?”
“I don’t know why he brought me here. He doesn’t want me, not like her… I don’t know why he thought that
Tony’s eyes twinkled with amusement, but pressed down more firmly all the same. There was absolutely nothing more perfect than this. “You wanna be able to resist me?”
“Can’t believe you boinked Stark on Clint’s tractor,” Sam said, and on the next beat, he and Bucky started chuckling. “He’ll never stop talking about it.”
“Sorry. Might’ve lost a few brain cells back there,” Steve drawled, deadpan. He refused to feel bashful about this. The moments of intimacy with Tony were far too rare for that.
looked, past the Captain America uniform. Steve held his gaze, unwavering, his eyes full of concern and… and tenderness, and possibly some other things that Tony couldn’t bring himself to think about just yet.
Those words shook him, and he wondered at the sentiment. How Tony could possibly see it that way? Perhaps he shouldn’t have been surprised, but it still felt wrong.
Silence fell in the house, and Steve stayed at the door for a long moment, cursing his own goddamn morality, and his tendency to put his foot in his mouth. He straightened then, rolling back his shoulders. He'd have to find Tony later today at the lab and hash it out, that was all.
Steve had absolutely no idea whatsoever how their conversation could’ve gone south so fast. He just stood there, unable to find words.
Clint huffed, pointing back and forth between Thor and Bruce. “And what am I supposed to do, exactly? Cheering them on?”
There was a pregnant pause. “I meant what I wrote, you know,” Steve added, his voice suddenly very quiet. “I’m sorry for not telling you. I didn’t think it would’ve changed anything. Only would’ve hurt you.”
As expected, Tony’s eyes snapped open, and his hips lifted instinctively. “You can’t be serious,” he muttered, his voice slurred. “S-Steve?”
“I had a… busy schedule today,” he offered quietly, putting the blueprints back down on the table. And it wouldn’t have been of much use to linger, trying to get close to someone who was clearly uncomfortable about it, would it?
Tony knew that no amount of mutual apologizing could ever erase what had happened. The past couldn’t be touched—couldn’t be redone. But it was over now. There was nothing to gain from looking back but appreciation of what they had right now.
“Sure. Mi casa es su casa,” he told Steve and waved a hand around at the workshop, then opened a holograph of the bulb’s scans JARVIS had made a day ago. Zooming in, he cautiously began to peel the artificial layers away. Only when the sliding doors closed half a minute later, he knew Steve had left, and felt himself slumping back into the chair’s back rest a little.
“Steve,” Tony said in a hopefully soothing but firm tone. “Wake up.” He reached for Steve’s hands, and tried to gently pull them towards his chest.
Steve tried to speak, opening his mouth more than once to say something, but no words formed in his head. Being with Tony like this was as easy as breathing, everything else, though, had suddenly become strangely complicated. So instead he released the breath he was holding, shifting himself until Tony was lying beside him.
Tony wet his lips and trailed his eyes down the length of his body. His face looked boyishly peaceful, then, the hint of a happy smile tugging at his lips.
Tony didn’t know how late it was. These days, he worked without realizing an hour had passed. He and Bruce had been in medical for a while, he knew, but the approximation on time was lost to him.
confusing. Steve almost couldn’t get the thought around his head, knowing he was taller than most people now. But Tony only raised his chin high, staring Steve down despite their height difference.
He still felt almost dizzy with shock. His mind feverishly recalled the moment when the building blew up, the agonized screams, the way the explosion had smelled… the closeness of it all.
Steve couldn’t remember ever having felt more hopeless in his entire life. Mister Hammer had just informed him that their time in Monte Carlo was over—and thus was his time with Tony.
” Steve read aloud as he glanced at the flyer over Tony’s shoulder. And sure enough, there was a burning skull on the front pages, and several grave stones underneath.
Suddenly, Natasha stepped up next to them, pointing on the phone in her hands. “Guys, I got a bogey. Short-range ballistic. Thirty seconds, tops.”
Steve raised his head, expression stony. When committing himself to a mission, he needed to disassociate all of these thoughts from his surroundings. “On our way,” he called into the microphone. Or better yet if Clint picked them up with the Quinjet.
“I haven’t seen him in a while,” Steve explained to Tony while he walked over and petted DUM-E’s claw.
A smile appeared on Tony’s face. “It was you, you know? Who made me want to try again. I’d almost given up on the reactor. I thought it was a naïve dream… but then there was you and I just… you made me want to do better.”
Tony’s lips brushed against Steve’s shoulder, bringing him back to the present. “You’re warm,” he murmured. “I’ve been without warmth for so long.”
“Ef, keep an eye on him,” Tony ordered to the room in general, as he entwined his hand with Steve’s once more.
“You really think I don’t… that what happened doesn’t…” Steve shook his head, and now there really was a tear sliding down his cheek, and that was
when Tony suddenly raised himself to his knees by pushing both hands firmly down on Steve’s stomach.
“Good morning, Red October,” a voice said, as a man walked into the room. It was Stark. Howard’s boy.
After a moment’s hesitation, Bucky’s hand wandered to his shoulder, and he moved towards him, pulling Steve into a firm hug. They stood like that for a long, silent moment.
Steve sat slumped on the Quinjet’s floor—he seemed to be doing that a lot lately—staring down on his phone, wishing with a good amount of desperation that he could just call Tony. Make sure he was alright. Ask what was going on. But he couldn’t. Any long-distance communication was off the table for them, and he knew he’d have to wait till they arrived in New York to know for sure if Ultron had told the truth.
Surprisingly, she seemed flustered at that. "Please, call me Pepper, and the pleasure is all mine. I've been dying to give this guy a taste of his own medicine sometime." Happy nudged her shoulder then and gestured that they should be going. "Anyway, are we done here, Mr. Stark?" she asked, looking at Tony.
for his touch. And the fact that he could feel Tony shuddering against him, rock-hard and leaking against his thighs, didn’t exactly help calm him down.
Thank you all for your very lovely comments. Can't even tell you how happy they made me. I deeply appreciate it. <3
Tony shook his head as if to clear it. It took him a moment to sort through her words, and when he did, he almost couldn’t believe this had actually happened. This was the first time that he’d heard Natasha talk about her past. He wondered if she only did it now because he’d likely forget it again in a few hours, or if she’d actually decided to open up to him. When she sat down next to him, he touched her hand, squeezing it gently. “’s there any chance he’ll remember him?”
“As I said, your lips are blue and I can feel you shivering.” Steve shook his head, not understanding why Tony would fight him on this. “We’ve been wet for hours. You could sink into hypothermic shock.” His hands stroked up and down Tony’s sides, and the last of Tony’s protests suffocated under the weight of Steve’s serious gaze.
“I’m sure he’s fine.” Bucky waved at their surroundings with his bloodied compress. “Better off than we are, anyway.” He pointed at Steve’s abdomen, and he had no idea how Bucky knew that Steve felt like someone had rearranged his organs, but apparently, he did.
, fallen into an icy abyss right in front of his eyes. He hadn’t managed to catch him in time and all Steve could do now was stare at the scotch in front of him and curse Abraham Erskine for not telling him that his new body wouldn’t allow him to get drunk.
make it.  It was old - really old.  Just the sort of place Hydra would take over and repurpose , but never build for themselves. Old, magical, and with biddable monsters within.
doesn't explain why Jan is becoming a super-villain," he repeated, clamping down on the frustration.  His teammates were just being a little enthusiastic and forgetting the question, he reminded himself.
He rubbed his eyes, the light getting brighter as he did and he winced.  Right.   The crystal was around his wrist.  Moving his hand away, he forced his eyes open.
"Are you going to come in or just stand there and stare?" Tony asked, not looking up from the machine.  Steve was momentarily distracted by his arms, which were bare and surprisingly well-toned.
"Greetings, Avenger," a deep voice said.  Steve looked over his shield to see a man in some kind of futuristic chair.  He wore odd green and purple garments with some kind of screen that protected his face like a space suit helmet, except that it made his skin look purple as well.
"No, stop Tony.  The date stamp on that message was for tomorrow," Jane said.  "I've got to go help evacuate people.  We'll be fine."
Tony wanted to lie and reassure Steve, but he didn't think it was really an option to bluff this close to the dragon.  "If I'd been thinking? No," Tony said finally.  "I would never... It's a little terrifying how invasive it is.  The fact that it doesn't bother me as much as it should gives me the creeps.  I'm not the sort of person who shares easily, Steve."
Steve listened to the chatter as he stole a piece of cheese to nibble on while working.  He had a half-baked plan forming, and he set aside a portion of the sandwiches from the rest.  When the others were preparing to eat, he put that portion on a tray with some juice and a couple of apples.  "I'll take this down to Mr. Stark," he said, earning him a few raised eyebrows.
"I doubt that," Peggy said, looking towards the city.  "Wanda's prophecies have not been kind.  I fear a great danger will come upon us soon."
"Mm-hm," Steve said, kissing Tony's temple.  "The grey that was right here," he said, moving to Tony's eyebrow.  "The small scar that was right here.  The wrinkles-" Steve kissed the corner of his eye, "-right here."
"Think of male names," Peggy said, her voice in his mind.  It was easy to hear over the wind, if he was really hearing at all.
Steve could feel Tony's shoulders hunching over, but he pulled him in for a tighter hug.  "I am angry," he said, because it still hurt a lot, carving out the empty part of him that missed Peggy and Bucky.  "What you said...  It doesn't matter."
for Steve, but he thought of Steve and slowly the cavern faded away to Steve curled up against one of the lava baths.  He could physically feel the warmth of the lava, though it wasn't too hot for him this time.  The strangest thing though was that Tony still felt a little cold despite it.  He couldn't actually see Steve, and Tony was almost jarred out of the contact when he realized he was seeing out of Steve's eyes.
"Steve, if Iron Man is compromised, he'll want us to find the source," Natasha said.  "You know he wants the one behind those robots as much as Stark does.  It's personal for both of them.  Whatever it is that Doom has on them, the sooner we find it, the better."
"Then it'll be my pleasure, sir," Steve said, having the feeling that Clint was going to kill him for this.  Probably because of the other children's jealousy.  Still, now the fact that Fury wanted to pay him made a lot more sense.
"You usually don't," Steve said, and Tony thought he must be smiling a little.  "And what is the plan, anyway?"
"You can speak to him from here?" Viper asked, sounding surprised.  "That must be how you survived before.  I wonder, how would the ZEMO formula affect a mental link?  If you and your dragon prove resilient again, Hydra might have more use for you.  I don't think it's worth the effort of keeping you alive, however, not when I have my prize."
"Did he tell you that?"  Steve felt inexplicably hurt by the fact Tony would rather not see him, even after all of that.
"I don't," Steve said, rubbing his neck.  "But Natasha pointed out that your upgrades were also safer, and even I can't block every thing  that comes my way.  Though if you're busy..."
He wasn't just asking about the current fight.  The question nearly broke Steve's heart.  "Because I wanted to know what I did, and I didn't know if you'd let me back in later if I left now," Steve said to buy himself more time to grapple with the other question.  "I guess I have a few issues with trust, too.  And you...  You're not the only one getting benefits out of this."
"You should have left with the rest of the civilians," Peggy said as Tony mulled over Wanda's words.  "You said it yourself.  There will be great danger here."
"People keep telling me that," Tony said, watching Peggy perform a flip in mid-air.  "I haven't really done anything though."
"A favor from an old friend," Fury said.  "Phil always said he regretted how the Stark/Iron Man case was handled, and he wanted to fix that mistake, though he could never figure out how on his own.  With him gone, I'm hoping you can fix what SHIELD messed up."
"It wasn't your fault," he said helplessly.  It had been Tony's fault, if it was anyone's.  He'd been trying to brace the support structures to give people time to evacuate.  He hadn't been able to fix the problem fast enough. He should have been able to get it done before the EMP hit and took him out.
"We're fine, Steve.  Really fine.  This is just something we need to do," she said.  "It's nothing to do with super-villains future or otherwise, or SHIELD."
was what it was like to kiss Iron Man.  Hard but warm metal under his fingertips, smooth until he reached a  joint or a dent Tony hadn't had time to take out.  Tony's goatee pricked at his upper lip and chin, and he ran his other hand along it experimentally, pleased by the sensation.  Tony was kissing back, but hesitantly.
"No," Steve sighed.  "Stay in Virginia with Dr. Ross.  We have to believe that Natasha and Clint can take care of themselves for a little while longer.  That's what Fury seems to think, anyway.  Thor and I will figure something out."
"I'll stick to the plan," Tony said, vaguely aware that that didn't make as much sense as it did inside his head.
Christ, and Steve had still managed to drag both of them to a cave?  There were times Steve was practically inhuman when it came to his endurance.  But not inhuman enough to start a fire, at least.  That Tony could do.  "I'll get some wood to start-"
With that, she lifted off and flew to what Tony thought was the east.  She glided with the now bright moss dancing off her wings.
He turned back to the suit, staring at it for a moment.  It was made for war.  It always had been.  But he wondered for the first time, what if it had been made for flight?  For exploring, and not for killing people?  He shook his head and stepped into the suit.  He was sweating by the time it wrapped around him, shielding him from the world, but Tony was just a little glad for it.
Tony winced.  "We tried to get in touch with Reed Richards, but it's been spotty.  He and his family are off the grid right now, and the connection is a hit or miss."
"Be that as it may, you are not authorized to know that information.  My programming will not allow me to tell you."
.  He dodged the claws, wincing in pain at his ribs.  Why was everything always trying to kill him?  He was charming, good in bed, and had more than enough money to make friends with everyone, yet he always managed to find enemies wherever he went.
"That's because you'd buy the whole thing out for a private showing," Steve replied.  Tony looked up to find an easy smile on Steve's face, the kind that he gave to Natasha or Sam.  Even though he and Tony were friends now, Tony still very rarely saw it directed at him.
Oddly enough, Iron Man looked at the picture of Howard again.  "Not in the way you're thinking, but you could say that."
Susan's fingers tightened around her throat as the repulsor in her free hand powered up.  It only made Kor'la'vin laugh breathlessly.  "And what would Captain America think of you killing?  Heroes don't kill," Kor'la'vin continued.
"Yes," Natasha said.  "He tried very hard to keep a public persona on at all times around me.  He never dropped it the whole time I knew him so I don't know what's underneath it, which took a lot of coaching."
to do those things, when they'd been arguing.  He had wanted to take the armor off and lay into the man underneath.  And he would have if...
Steve rubbed his eyes, already hearing the betrayal in Iron Man's voice.  It was made worse by how defeated Tony had looked when Steve had left the workshop earlier.  He nearly grabbed the drawing back, but he held firm.  This needed to be done.
"Kes, you're safe now," she said, putting a gentle hand on Kestrel's arm.  "You and Leo are safe.  I... I got you out."
Steve was loathe to trust the word of a super-villain, but something told him Doom wasn't lying.  Even Rhodey lowered the cane, leaning on it heavily now that he wasn't preparing for a brawl.  "If you're not here to fight, why are you here?"
"There's nothing to say," Tony said, snapping the folder shut as he stood and walked to the rail.  He still had about an hour's worth of daylight left before he would lock himself below deck and refuse to come out no matter how much Rhodey and Pepper tried to tempt him.  He couldn't bear to face the stars right now.
He pushed those thoughts away, but he had the feeling his walls still weren't up to snuff, not when Peggy's tail was tightening comfortingly around him.  He could still feel Steve in the back of his mind, but when he looked up, the blue dragon was no where to be found.  That surprisingly hurt in a way that felt not unlike betrayal, though he couldn't have said why exactly.  Tony sternly reminded himself that the others had good reason to be angry with him.  After what he'd done...
He had to make an account before he could really look through the site, but he only grumbled a little after FRIDAY assured him it was okay. Account made, he typed "Avengers" into the search bar and it came up with all sorts of different things, ranging from drawings, to text posts, to costumes, to pictures from their battles or interviews. Not all of them were good opinions either, but he was used to that. Or he was supposed to be used to that, not nearly breaking his tablet. He reminded himself everyone was entitled to their opinion.
Susan looked at them, uncertainty and fear taking over.  Tony disentangled himself from Steve to stand in front of her.  "Hey there, Little Bear.  What's wrong?"
"No, you're not," Tony said, because Steve was two feet away and not holding him.  He swallowed back bile, then pulled the ring off his finger.
Tony wasn't expecting the light.  He squeezed his eyes against it and the pain it brought.  "Tony?" a mechanized voice asked, elated.  "Rhodey, he's down here!"
Pepper looked surprised.  "I think there was.  Rhodey was looking at it earlier.  Is the quartz important?"
Steve stared after her, pulling Tony against him again as the man started to follow her.  "She needs warmer clothes," he said.  "Winter's going to start soon and it hits pretty hard here."
"It's not... Well, it is," Steve said, running a hand through his hair.  "But he was scared of something.  Things weren't going great, but then he got a phone call that terrified him and he lashed out when I asked."
He was no stranger to death.  He'd seen it plenty before he came to Timely, and he'd bet Stark his weight in whiskey that he'd see it plenty more before he left.  Probably soon, given this evening's events.  He hauled up the four corpses - three of which were marked by his own bullets - and tied off the rope with the meanest knot he knew.  Now they were hanging for the whole town to see the consequences of messing with the laws of the land.  They were dead men, and dead men don't care what happens to them after they're dead.
"Talking works for now since I guess it sends so long as I actually speak it aloud," Tony said, waving it off.  They could figure it out later.  "Viper's not out here, or we would have given ourselves away.  That means she's further in or not here at all."
"I know, sweetheart.  Just warning you."  His knees nearly buckled at the endearment, but Steve held them up.  "If you do that again-"
"What kind of sacrifice?" Tony asked skeptically, thinking back to the Greeks and other ancient religions.  He didn't think the dragons were the sort to sacrifice cows or goats.
It was a very satisfying thump.  Tony only just heard it over the resumed gunfire and yelling, but he amped up the suit's speakers to hear it.  He could also hear Steve calling his name, but metal in his suit was still bent inward and choking him.  He wondered if he would also make a satisfying thump when he hit the ground.  He had about thirty seconds to find out before his legs collapsed or he passed out.
"The song wasn't wrong," Steve said, thinking back to the conversation he'd overheard between Tony and Rhodey.  A plan was forming slowly, but it'd only work if Tony agreed.  "Meeting your friends was great.  You've met a few of mine, and I think they liked you too.  You could come up and hang out with Thor and Jane, and Bruce should be back tomorrow.  Clint and Natasha will like getting to know you too when they get back.  I don't know Jane that well, but she seemed pretty swell."
that feeling.  He hated it all the more for the fact it was Steve making him feel that way.  "Then get to the point," he snapped, regretting the shortness of his tone immediately, but unable to take it back.
"The last 'dragon' you fought was a human who was dressed like a lizard and sensationalized in your stories," she said, then turned to the blue dragon leaving Tony baffled as to how she knew that.  "And you-" That name-feeling from before was repeated again.  "Attacking first when he's already wounded!  What good does killing him do?"
Steve crooked his wing in agreement and let the conversation drop.  Tony was privately grateful.  "I wanted to apologize for attacking you earlier," Steve said, his voice soft in Tony's mind.
"Yup.  You won me over," Tony said, pulling a pair of sunglasses out of his pocket and slipping them on.  "Let's go.  There's gotta be a place to get a hamburger around here somewhere.  And remember, lots of sugar in his coffee.  Don't let him tell you otherwise."
Steve pushed himself up on one knee, assessing his damage.  He hurt like hell, but he could ignore that as long as he could get his feet under him.  He could still fight, and Iron Man was going to need the help.
Still, he managed not to throw up in the potted plant as he walked back to the make-shift office SHIELD had given him before he'd moved most of his things to Stark Tower.  He kept the lights off when he got there and closed the shades, groaning as he lay his head down on his desk.
"Worse than you," Pepper replied.  "Wicked sense of humor too, but only if you paid attention.  For a man with looks like that, he certainly liked to be a wallflower.  Grumpiest man I've ever met in the morning though.  You liked to tease him about that, him being in the army and all."
Steve used the hesitation to reassure him.  "Ms. Potts already called her.  Mrs. Rhodes has been doing better, so as long as you and Ms. Potts look in on her, Ms. Rhodes will be out here soon."
"I'm saying this genius needs at least six hours of sleep before he can keep thinking about particles that are completely outside of his range of study.  And as far as I'm concerned Jane is just as much of a menace, but at least Tony can't prod her awake when she nods off on the other side of the line," Bruce said.
"You should see the fashions in-" Tony cut himself off with a gasp, a brief flash of pain going through his leg.  There was a golden light in Sharon's claw that Tony hadn't been paying attention to.  But it faded as the pain did, and Tony gazed at his leg in shock.  It was no longer swollen and it felt...
"Where in the world did you get ice cream?" she asked, accepting it numbly.  Ice cream was far from something she expected Susan's make-shift base of operations to have.  They were in the middle of no where, and for good reason.
"So now you're talking to me," Tony said, slowly looking around the small space the light afforded him.  The ground shook again, and he had a moment of panic before it subsided.
"No worries, Cap," Tony said, wishing he could see better, to see Steve's face one last time.  "You'll be found easy.  It doesn't stay cold here."
"I'm saying you don't need to fight, if you need time," Cap said, returning to the seat next to him.  "Or if you want to put down the shield forever.  You can just be Leon, and you'd still have a place here."
Tony just stared at him as the microwave worked, blinking at him like an experiment that took a completely unpredictable turn and he couldn't figure out where his hypothesis had gone wrong.  Steve tried not to feel self-conscious, but he still felt small as he reached for the now heated coffee, pushing his shoulders back out of habit even when they wanted to hunch over.
He failed again.  He always failed.  He hadn't even told Steve how much he loved him, even when the dragon shared those emotions readily himself.
"Ask him to reconsider," Steve replied, more to give himself extra time as his hands moved through the familiar motions.  "I'd hate to have to replace the glass."
"You're a soft touch, boy," Jarvis said, though his scowl was twitching into a smile.  "You can't save everyone."
"Tony, what are you doing?" Steve asked, deceptively calm.  Tony could see the anger building behind his eyes, and he couldn't fault the optical data projection.  It was just as good as looking at the real Steve.
Tony felt his shoulders stiffen in response and he looked away, finishing the last of his breakfast.  "Course not," he said casually.  "I run a million dollar company and fly in a metal suit.  Plus I fight for the good guys.  The good guys always win.  Complete opposite of failing."
Chess, Steve found out, was a fantastic way to keep Tony's attention.  Especially with Thor making more sober suggestions to Tony and Bruce sometimes drunkenly moving Steve's piece for him.  He wasn't quite sure who won either of the two games they played, but he didn't think it mattered.
Kang was on his feet.  Without the Iron Man suit, Tony was quickly overpowered.  Kang's suit was still sparking, but the man's face was pure rage as he gripped at Tony's unprotected throat.  The shield dropped to the ground with a clatter.
"Taking lessons from Natalie Rushman, are you?  Or is it Romanov now?  Unless she's already changed it again."
"Tony Stark," he said.  Her head was low enough that he hesitantly returned the bow and touch.  The dragon's scales were softer than he thought they would be, and Peggy gave a pleased chirp.  Then he took her front claw that was still touching his cheek and kissed the back of it, smiling up at her rakishly.  "It's a pleasure to meet you."
The impact alert started to wail at him, but Tony kept going.  He could hear the hydra behind him, scaling the walls and trashing the crumbling stair case.  He tilted his angle slightly, but kept going up.  The hydra was fast and even at top speed he was barely ahead of it.
," Tony said.  Brown eyes spoke of agony and confliction and Steve felt himself growing angry again, but this time at Doom.  "Steve, I can't.  I've
Steve stood up and stretched, offering a hand to Iron Man.  Iron Man laughed and took it, but even the armor's weight was no match for the serum's strength.
She walked off muttering about the top one percent and Steve was about to follow and correct her when he felt a hand on his shoulder.  "Clint," he growled.  "Did you hear what she-"
"Looks like some gossip rag," Steve said, shaking his head.  He hoped it wasn't true.  He had only met Mr. Stark in passing at a few charity events, despite the fact that he generously gave money to the Avengers.  Usually all of their contact came through Iron Man, but Steve hadn't been very pleased with what he read about the man in SHIELD's files.
Tony shivered as he kept trying.  The dragons had to be warned.  He was falling, but they had to get out.  He couldn't fail them like he'd failed his father.  Like he'd failed the people he had seen piled in the pit of bodies when they came too late.  He was falling, but the others had to be warned before he hit rock bottom.  He was falling...
"You'll get home, Cap," Tony said, fighting to keep his eyes from falling shut as he breathed against Steve's neck.
Instead he smiled at Tony, ruffling his hair.  "I'm proud," Steve repeated.  "I know it's a hard choice."
"Status?" Steve asked, lowering his head wearily into Tony's lap.  Tony automatically started to pet him, Steve's eyes closing in pleasure though Tony could tell the dragon was still listening to Sam.
Natasha raised her eyebrow at them as they walked in, and Steve handed Tony the plate with his piece of cake.  Everyone was there, and it was a little unnerving to have them all staring at them.
"Are all humans this jumpy?" the blue dragon... what had Peggy called him?  Steve.  Steve said warily, folding his wings but watching him closely.
"Oh, right," Tony said, kicking himself.  "I won't tell.  Maybe I can ask where they get it though?  Then I can come back and help you get one."
Steve locked the door, looking around at the small space.  Plenty of shelves and cleaning supplies, but as promised, no cameras.  Unless it were bugged with SHIELD-level tech, they should be safe.
A few of his online acquaintances were supportive and convinced him to post his drawings, so he posted to both Tumblr and DeviantArt. He was pleasantly surprised to see he gained a small following, and the small bit of garnered fame was fun. His days with the USO hadn't been all bad, and he was pretty used to having a double identity to begin with.
Kang was on his feet even as Steve turned, but Steve caught a flash of blue out of the corner of his eye.  He reached out and gripped the shield, bringing it in front of him as Kang managed another energy bolt.  It ricocheted off, the force of it pushing Kang back.
Steve regretted telling her about how all the girls always chased after Bucky when she offered to set him up with some of the other SHIELD agents.  "I'll let you know if it ends up as a date then."
Tony couldn't handle Steve being that much of a dork.  He really could not.  So he leaned forward the last inch and claimed Steve's mouth for his own.  It was hesitant and still unsure, but Steve was warm underneath him and solid.  Then Steve deepened the kiss, and hesitance left the building as need washed over him.
"We can see them," Tony promised impulsively.  "You can survive up there for a little bit, can't you?  You don't look all that sickly now.  I'll show them to you.  Jarvis used to tell me the stories about them, so I know most of them."
Tony walked over to the machine, putting his hand against it to steady himself.  "I'm really doing this, aren't I? I... don't know if this video will help, but I'm sorry.  I tried.  I fucking tried so hard.   And I failed.  Every time, I survive even when no one else does, and that's my fault."
"I'm sure I don't have to explain secret identities to you, Captain," Iron Man said.  "I'm not going to-"
The armor wasn't up to his father's standards either.  Hydra had torn his armor apart at Castle Donar.  He'd been using the designs his father had made, but his additions never seemed like enough.  Tony had always been in his father's shadow.  Nothing he made ever did as well as the designs of his father's, and his father never let him forget that either.  Sometimes Tony wondered if that was the reason he chased after ancient artifacts, so as to be good at something his father never done.  It felt more like running away.
Tony remained quiet for a few long moments, and when he raised his voice again, it felt as if he was far, far away. “Sometimes those little bottles contain demons,” he said, “they have a way of sneaking up on you… just as you're trying desperately to forget.”
“It was amazing,” Steve conceded, because it had been. So much, in fact, that Steve was sure he’d never feel something even close to this, should Tony ever leave him.
“Well, g’night,” Tony announced, and at Rhodey’s irritated stare, he added, “What? If Obi’s comin’ over in a week, I need to get the damn bot finished. No bot, no PhD, and I won’t fucking leave this place without it.”
The door opened again as Bucky came in with a box of donuts. He only nodded his greetings as he stepped past him in silence.
kisses. Kisses unlike the cautious, uncertain ones they’d shared so far. Kisses that started fires only to lead them to explosion. His tongue plundered Steve’s mouth, and those kisses ignited things within him that were downright terrifying. He heard himself mewling against Steve’s lips, felt Steve’s own moans rumble against his chest.
“But I have to admit I’ve always liked you best when you were brutally honest with me, no matter how annoying it was,” Tony added, a bit more quiet, but no less sincere.
When they stepped out of the church and glanced down into the open space where the mountains surrounding the city once had been, Tony reached for Steve’s hand and gripped it tight.
And yet, he’d never grasped the real truth behind Tony’s words. The truth that did not only question everything that had ever happened between them, but a truth that literally questioned
With Steve trailing after him, however, demanding over and over again that he’d go in instead of Tony, that plan had well and truly gone down the gutter.
And with that, Steve felt the veils between Natasha and him fall. Standing in silence, the space between them occupied with measured breaths, it seemed he understood her at long last. They’d never been close. There had always been a Million’s secrets between them, a vacuum of unknown space, Steve had just been too blind to realize it.
He loosened the hold on Tony's hands slightly, giving him that opt-out, if he truly wanted it. "And I'll understand if you don't want to take that risk anymore, but I can promise you that as far as I'm concerned, your age won't matter anymore."
It was Natasha, and right behind her, Bucky. The second Steve laid eyes on their faces, he knew it was serious.
conversation that had gone on for hours, not just a few orders flung at each other. They had really talked and even enjoyed themselves.
“Do you think,” Stane continued wistfully, turning back to Steve, “that the dead come back and watch the living? Do you think Indries watches when you’re in bed with Tony?”
Tony pulled himself closer to Steve, then draped the covers over the two of them. “It’s weird. I always thought it was inevitable. You and me breaking each other.”
. The one word echoed within his mind—a now meaningless name. Tony felt his body separate from his will fully, moving toward something in the far reaches of understanding. He didn’t know how he moved them, or to where. He couldn’t see anything but the blur of colors clouding his vision, couldn’t feel anything but the cold presence of Ultron within his mind. He was with him. That was all he knew now, all he recognized, and all he needed.
Tony’s hands rose in the air and twitched in anticipation as he eyed the various knobs and devices in the car. “Ok, start ignition,” he said out loud and put the keys in the ignition and cranked it. He nodded, satisfied, then located the gear shift next to the steering wheel. “P, R, N, D… It’s D.”
“No, not at all,” Steve replied. He hugged Tony tight, kissing his neck with reverence. A stifled breath left his lips, and he felt his eyes closing against his will.
Their stalemate lasted, all in all, for ten minutes. Then, the door to the room flew open and Tony steamed back out again. He opened his mouth to say something likely insulting, but Steve stopped him by blurting, “Do you want to help me fix dinner? I want to make burgers.”
Steve lifted his water glass to take a sip, but before drinking, he shook his head, his brows pinching in thought. "Michelangelo, though?" He drank then, and set the glass down, squeezing Tony's hand lightly. "You're more the genius type than I am, you know."
When Steve remained quiet, mostly just staring into space, Tony put a hand on his knee, lightly brushing his fingers against Steve’s. “Don’t worry, he will probably make a few threats and all, but he won’t actually do anything. It’s… at the end of the day, we both know that he needs me more than the other way around.”
“He never would’ve let me live this down,” Tony said after a beat of silence, huffing in amusement. “You, me, together. His processor would’ve combusted with the need to come up with something more original than ‘I told you so’.”
Bucky’s forehead wrinkled slightly as he struggled to find an answer. “I guess I came to… apologize for hitting you the other day.” There was a false note in his voice. Steve realized that while he might be sorry, that wasn’t the reason he was here.
Steve breathed in, holding it, then unwound his arm from Vision’s hold. This was hitting too close to home. “I gotta go.”
He was turned around, and pressed into the next wall. Steve stared at him with a mixture of wan disbelief and pent-up hurt; but in the end it was the anger behind his eyes that coaxed Tony not to look away again. “You think you don’t matter to me?” Steve whispered, voice shaking. “After everything?”
"No, it’s… fine," Steve answered, getting to his feet and leaving everything behind him as it was. He would get back to it later, he decided, and headed for the elevator.
As soon as he stood right next to Steve, Tony was keenly aware of how clean Steve looked. Perfectly groomed, a white shirt with no creases whatsoever, and grey sweats. And that inevitably reminded him of how he probably looked after a two-day shift in the shop, so…
"I've, uh…" Steve gestured towards the bedside table. "I didn't know when we'd meet, but I wanted to be prepared so…" He'd gotten lube, and even condoms, in case Tony preferred to avoid the mess after all.
He still hadn’t left his room, though, still had panic attacks almost every day, and he barely talked to Steve, which meant Steve was still moody, and still wasn’t sleeping in the penthouse.
“You alright?” Steve asked, staring intently at Tony’s face. He didn’t seem to be hurt, but it took just one glance to notice that he seemed… closed off, somehow.
That brought a scowl to Steve’s face. “You don’t want me to say it because you’re afraid,” he said. “Because, you know it’s the truth.”
“Uh, I’ll just… I’ll have a burger and fries, please,” he decided—couldn’t really go wrong with a burger—and handed her the menu.
Tony closed his eyes and groaned inwardly. Good thing that he hadn’t been too cryptic about the whole thing. Goddammit. He owned about five books about ‘Open communication in a relationship’, every single one a gift from Pepper, of course. He probably should’ve given one of them a read by now.
“It seems so,” Agent Romanoff said softly. “That’s why we’ll have to bring Mister Stark to our headquarters. Go through the night’s events one more time. Maybe it’ll help to identify the body.”
“Okay, first, I’m flattered that you trust me and I will love to do this for you. So. Much.” He cast Steve a warm smile and leaned up on his toes to press two reassuring kiss against his lips. “And secondly, you, Captain Muscle, might be able to fuck me against this wall, but I’m pretty sure I couldn’t even carry you in a life and death situation, and I definitely want to look at you when this happens.”
“Shit,” Tony cursed and stood up. He scrambled over to where the broken phone was lying on the floor and squatted down in front of it. Raising it up into his field of vision, he sighed with relief. Just a few scratches, and the casing had fallen off, taking the battery with it.
Rhodey trailed off. His face was blank for a second, and then his eyebrows shot upwards. He squinted at Tony, as if trying to read his mind. “Hey, is this about your stupid quarrel with Steve?”
As it was, Tony wouldn’t ask about it, and he figured neither of the two would give him some pointers, so he’d just… keep this on a professional level. Show Barnes the schematics, take his measurements, deliver the prosthesis in a few weeks, and that would be it.
God, Tony had completely lost himself in this. Surely. Fast. This togetherness was addictive, it was like drowning a slow, delightful death. He was losing himself and heaven help him to survive the loneliness that would follow.
It still hurt to think about Jarvis. He would probably always mourn him. But Tony thought—that was probably what it meant to love someone. What it meant to grieve someone. It was a little bit like the black hole in the sky.
“I think I blew one of the jocks,” he murmured and wiped at his mouth again. “I told you not to leave me alone today. Where were you, anyway? I thought Carol said she wouldn’t come.”
Sam’s voice sounded doubtful, and Steve knew where he was coming from. They had searched for hours, driving around the city’s outskirts near a former US Army landing ground in Vienna where the unauthorized plane had landed earlier.
"Get a grip, Rogers," he huffed to himself as he stepped onto his floor and headed directly to the bedroom.
Bucky just grunted, clearly not wanting to listen to Steve. He tried to lash out at him, but it was no use. Steve pulled at his arm—and dislocated his shoulder.
Once this was over, he’d shove his pride down on the ground, and put back together what he’d broken.
“Kay,” Tony murmured, curling into the embrace again. He let his head rest on the pillow next to Steve’s, his nose brushing along his shoulder.
“Then let’s start with this,” Steve said. “What am I to you, where you come from? What are we to each other?”
to be him. He had a hat on his bald head, and tinted glasses on his nose. With one of those photostatic nano masks on, he looked too different for others to recognize him as the former SHIELD director, but the voice, and he whole stature was still very much the same.
Steve grabbed Tony's hand as he stood up, well aware it was crossing a line, but Natasha's warning about someone else 'tapping that ass' made it too hard to throttle the impulse.
"Never said you did," Sam said, leaning back in his chair. "But you could use someone to talk to that's not part of the Avengers or baby SHIELD."
"I haven't?" Tony fished out his phone from his pocket.  He hit a button that Steve couldn't see and nothing happened.  "I haven't," Tony said, staring at it blankly.
She did, then kept going.  "And Tony owes me for this.  I deserve chocolate and that expensive wine he hates.  And a suit of my own.  I can see why he keeps them, but I need one, and I want more guns.  More guns than Rhodey's."
Steve felt his hands turn to fists, anger directed inwardly.  "That was a team failure," he said, slipping into his command voice.  "And we've done all we can to make sure that mistake doesn't repeat itself."
Steve opened his mouth to reply or possibly even offer to make Tony some dinner (his food-comfort quirk worked both ways, Steve found, and he could always pick something easier than lasagna to make) when his phone beeped cheerfully to notify him of a text.
"What?  I - oh," Iron Man said, shaking his head.  "No.  It wasn't.  You're still my friend, Steve.  I mean that."
Tony snorted, but didn't come back with a clever retort.  Steve was grateful, because he wasn't sure if he could handle Tony telling him to back off right now.
It really wasn't, other than Steve had been mostly unaware of it, but Steve didn't particularly feel like being reasonable.
"You said this was a bad idea," Tony said as he looked back down.  And it was.  Steve was right.  This whole conversation was only serving as further proof as to why, and Steve hadn't been the only one being too stubborn when they fought.  Steve was just the only one able to admit it, and Tony was all too aware of where that left him.
Steve realized that was a wire he tripped too late.  "Bruce said he liked working with you," Steve said carefully.  "And Thor's a swell guy.  We can stay up here if you'd rather, but I know they'd like to see you as well."
Steve felt a wide smile breaking across his face, the tension that had been about his shoulders relaxing.  Tony said yes.  "I'll pick you up at seven then."
He could only guess that meant she was impatient and she knew the direct approach usually worked best with him.  That didn't mean he was just going to tell her though, especially not after she insulted his chicken chunks.  "How long what?"
Tony missed the times when he could have just been searching for new things or new ways to cure his heart.  When it wasn't just about the War.  When he could be thinking of ways to use that light for energy in homes or hospitals, not to keep the troops safe.  The US had only been in the War for three years, but Tony had been fighting longer than that.  And he was just so
When she left, clearly bewildered, Tony sat down in the booth across from Steve, not pulling off his sunglasses either. For a few beats, they simply stared at each other, before Steve blurted, “What are you
“However much we could’ve dealt with this differently…” Steve went on haltingly. “It wouldn’t have escalated like this if it hadn’t been for Zemo. We’ve made decisions the other couldn’t really agree with before. Killian… Pierce… we had our disagreements, and I’m convinced we would’ve sorted this out, too. I—I spent a long while thinking all of this through, and yes, you should’ve told me as soon as you knew about the Accords, but I should’ve also listened to you more when you tried to reason with me. In my book, we were both at fault.”
He knew how he must look. With the bruises and cuts that the medics had stitched together but that were swollen nevertheless.
It was as if he was constantly reliving a long-lost dream—as if he hadn’t truly found a way to wake up yet.
Well, it looked like they weren't going to get much done now, and Steve was not in the mood to stick around and listen to everyone gossiping about something that might not even be much more than a series of admittedly fantastic sexual encounters.
“We should keep fighting. Ross has his eyes on us,” Tony said and took a swing to get out of Steve’s grip. Then, he toppled Steve to the ground. “Ready?” he asked.
“Very well,” JARVIS said. He sounded the tiniest bit guilty, but Steve knew he always tried to keep on a neutral ground. “Tony and Doctor Banner are indeed busy. Tony assured me that he will be up in the penthouse about half an hour before the festivities start and asked to meet you there.”
He pressed a finger to his phone (two generations older than his current phone) and glanced at the date.
Something about letting someone in like this—opening up to such an extent—had always terrified Tony. Not anymore. This was wanted. It was needed. Amazing how quickly Steve had become his everything.
Bucky waved him off with his human arm, the metal one still hanging limply at his side. “Anyone ever tell you that you have a masochistic streak a mile wide?”
While the morning they’d shared together had been perfect, blissful, happy, it seemed that with each passing mile, Tony’s good mood disappeared a little bit more.
TS 11:41 P.M.>FYI, I’m horny and cranky and Pepper banned me from a meeting 2day. I’m flying to UK now, be back next Monday. Tell me, what does it take to see you again, o Captain my Captain?
Tony, that much was clear. But he couldn’t let Ross throw them into a prison cell and watch how the world sank into chaos either.
“It was worth it, anyway,” Tony continued, his voice very soft as he met Steve’s gaze again. “I never thought I’d find someone like you. I was ready to end it there, in Monte Carlo. But then there was
Without warning, Tony pulled back completely. And to Steve’s surprised embarrassment, the first thing that ran through his mind were words of protest.
He’d never imagined that life could be like this for him. To have someone he could simply touch and kiss whenever he wanted.
“Fine,” Tony conceded after a moment. “We bring Barnes up here, two Avengers at his side minimum, and see what happens. Afterwards we decide if it becomes a regular thing.”
“Be my guest,” Tony said and waved with his tumbler-hand before tossing the last sip down his throat. Then, he pushed the remote control in Barnes’ general direction. “Go ahead while I drink myself to death.”
His more primal senses told Steve to simply throw his shield into Rumlow throat right beneath that black helmet, but he knew he had to spare his life if he had the chance. A court would wait to bring Rumlow to justice.
Why did things like these always happen to him? Waking up in the future, seventy years later, knowing that each and every person he’d known was dead or would be very soon. And now: 2022.
When Steve walked into his motel room that night, his body felt worn and his muscles trembled with how much they’d changed. It wasn’t painful, exactly, it was just a little overwhelming. He was too big, his shoulders too broad, his limbs too long. It was hard to control his movements. Whenever he touched something, it creaked beneath his fingers as if it was a second away from breaking in two.
“Fuck, you’re perfect,” Tony moaned, wrapping his legs around Steve’s hips. The wet smack of their bodies rocking together echoed in Steve’s ears and served only to fuel the growing fire in his belly.
“Yes. I mean—I miss coffee. I can’t tell you how much I miss coffee. And I could do without the storms and the rain, but… there are always so many demands and expectations. People keep pushing and prodding at me. Won’t leave me alone.” He gave him a curious look. “You don’t push. You’re… you want the most from me—from everyone. But you don’t push.”
After everything, Steve still sounded a little surprised at himself as he said it. He touched Tony’s face and kissed him, then leaned over him and began to rock back and forth. His thrusts minutely grew faster, harder, and Tony gripped the bed sheet for purchase and met him in the middle.
As Steve reached for the door, he couldn't help himself and glanced back at Tony one last time. He said nothing, though, only biting his lip against any empty words that might come out, and closed the door.
“Time Variance Authority,” Tony explained, then sighed. He glanced at Bruce. “You really think that’s our only choice? Aren’t we messing things up pretty badly by sending them to Doom before their time?”
“Look, Picasso,” he said and pointed a finger at Steve’s chest—or maybe he was even digging it into his pectoral, Tony couldn’t be sure. ”You might be a prof, but I’m not your student, and I’m certainly
Pietro joined her a moment later, and while his face was pointedly void of any emotions, Tony had a feeling he’d twist Ross balls without anyone even noticing if he so much as raised a word against his sister.
Steve nodded his head jerkily, eyes still a little dazed from his climax. He was so lost in the feel of Tony’s fingers pushing into him, that he could barely form a decent thought. It was only when his hips were instinctively moving downwards to meet Tony’s fingers—little jerky motions to get more pressure—, that he realized how
“JARVIS?” Steve frowned, and somehow he felt both affronted and really stupid for not having realized earlier where Tony was going with this. That he hadn’t put two and two together when Tony had been talking about ‘wanting to try again’. “You want to put JARVIS into this thing?”
“You left a hell of a legacy, Peggy,” Steve murmured to the hovering spirit that he could almost feel in the air. “I hope you realize that.” He traced the smooth rounded edge of the stone with one finger. Such a small thing to mark someone so important. “And I hope, wherever you are, you’ll keep an eye on us. I have a feeling we need it.”
Steve grinned, eyes glittering with mischief. Then he took a deep breath, forcing the question out, because otherwise he’d never do it. “How long was it for you?”
“Thor’s on his way back from London,” Clint said. “I told Bruce to stay on alert for now. Meet us in New Jersey. Figured he wouldn’t be all that keen to go underground.”
leave it to Clint," Steve retorted defensively even as he wrapped his free arm around Tony. "I told him whatever I needed to shut him up. Why do you even listen to him? Half the time he's just wisecracking." He huffed, leaning down to kiss him tentatively.
“California,” Tony told him with a small smile and squeezed his hand again. “That’s where I live. Born and raised in New York.”
Steve glanced over to Bucky. His expression was one of infinite regret, as he, too, stared at the monitor. “Neither of you has.”
Steve frowned thoughtfully, his gaze travelling across the ceiling. “Maybe if Nat asked him… They’ve grown close over the last few weeks. Makes me think he really left his ladies’ man-days behind.”
Tony’s eyes lit up and he ran his tongue over his teeth with casual seduction. “If I remember correctly,” he said, head dipping to nuzzle his throat. “You thanked me plenty just half an hour ago.”
Vision rolled his eyes, the gesture coming almost naturally now. “I did put in some filters. For both of our sakes.”
“He knows what he’s doing,” Natasha said. “If he needs Pierce to believe he’s dead, then this is our best option.”
need you to have those perks. Because what HYDRA did to you will not be something a duty solicitor will be able to explain to a Committee. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Steve’s frowned, too irritated now to let this go any further. Beneath his crass demeanour, Tony had always seemed strangely fragile, as if he was only protecting himself with his flashy attitude, and Steve had always had a hard time taking his words serious. Now, though, he sounded as if his words came directly from his heart. So Steve’s hands settled on Tony’s shoulders and he shoved him back a bit. “What are you
“I’ll show you ‘pencil pusher’ when you’re back home,” Bucky said, and Steve could hear the amusement in his voice. “I seem to remember you wheezing on the gym floor and pleading for mercy.”
They weren’t touching, but he could feel the warmth of Tony’s body close to his and smell his scent and hear the soft sound of his breathing slowing as he fell asleep. For him, it was a kind of refined torture, to be this close with all these memories still haunting him. Tony’s look when he’d found out about his parents. The widened eyes just before Steve had pushed his shield into the arc reactor. The fear—the sudden certainty in his expression that he’d die, right then, at Steve’s hands…
Then, however, something strange happened. Within seconds, the shock leaked from Steve’s eyes and something everyone at LAPD had dubbed “Detective Rogers’ Look of Disappointment” appeared on his face.
"You're so good to me," he said, not even sure where the words were coming from as he set a pace. It wasn't particularly fast. Steve wanted to concentrate on each move, draw it out as much as he could without losing the edge.
Steve released a long breath, but decided it wouldn’t help much to needle Clint. They were a team, if Clint’d find out something that would help all of them, he’d share it soon enough.
Rhodey opened his mouth to say something, then apparently thought better of it. “Good luck,” he said instead, pulling him back to the present. He drew Tony into a firm hug. “I’d say I see you later, but that’s not really the case, is it?”
,” Tony said as they slowly—carefully—walked down the stairway. “I asked him for two fucking months, and he can’t even give me that.”
The pulse at Tony’s wrist was beating in rapid staccato against Steve’s fingertips and he counted to ten, before he spoke up again.
“I never wanted him to be unhappy,” Steve replied brokenly. “I knew it was important to him, I should’ve just let it rest, not plant this
him. He's an assistant to one of my friends on-campus. Been flirting with me from the first second." Bucky laughed at that, making Steve glare at him.
Bruce was informed about how that fight on Upper East Side had gone down, and he’d already sent Tony a short note that he’d taken some samples of the plant, so they could actually get a look at it soon, see what the sudden attack had been about. The plant had just… appeared. From seemingly out of nowhere. And instead of actually doing what their usual villains-of-the-week did, it had just… stayed where it was, and only started to get aggressive when the Avengers had tried to lure it out of the busy streets.
His words were, however, completely ignored when Steve withdrew from underneath Tony and wound his legs around his waist, pinning him to the mattress with a meaningful smile.
Bruce sighed. "Tony Stark, boy genius, soldered his first circuit board at age four? Ever heard that speech?" he tried, but Steve's confused stare was pretty obvious. "He's the son of deceased Howard and Maria Stark. That ring a bell?"
A deep urge to punch him rose deep inside Steve’s gut and if Agent Romanoff hadn’t pulled him out of the room, he’d definitely gone through with it.
He couldn’t help it—the second Tony saw Steve approaching, moving to close his arms around him, he tensed. He felt his controlled composure slip, felt his stoic expression crumble, and put both hands on Steve’s chest, keeping him at a distance.
Steve’s eyes were closed, mouth open in absolute arousal, his torso bowed deliciously. “God, you’re beautiful when you’re taking it,” Tony grunted. “And you’re always taking it so well. So fucking well.”
“You coming?” Tony called, and Bucky blinked when he saw him standing next to a table. Only then, he spotted his bionic arm lying on the surface.
Steve frowned. Whatever battle Tony was referring to, it seemed he’d been part of it. Which sort of explained why none of them were surprised to see him in full battle gear.
All of a sudden, something happened. Something that made the dream vanish. There was a knock, insistent and very loud. It resounded in Steve’s mind over and over again and while he tried to ignore it at first, at some point, he couldn’t.
Steve’s absence left Tony exhausted, mentally, physically and any other ‘ly’ he couldn’t muster up the wherewithal to remember. Life with Bucky Barnes under his roof was like constantly being on the edge of a knife. But he wouldn’t change it for all the sleep in the world. This wasn’t about Tony, and he could suck it up for once and deal with this.
“The world will see a new day without either of your help,” Natasha said. She pushed herself off the wall and walked over to him, a hand on his shoulder. “You’ve done enough.”
"Still here," Tony said, feeling how cold Steve felt.  He could also feel all of Steve's aches, the bullet hole in his wing and the stab wound from the naga's fangs in his shoulder.  The muzzle was gone, which relieved Tony so much that he wondered if it wasn't partially Steve's feeling.  He didn't like the thought of Steve with a muzzle.
Steve didn't say anything, cleaning the knife and the board of Tony's blood before starting on the chicken.
Tony pat her on the head, then left the room, thankfully by walking this time and not disappearing.  She looked at Cap, who just sighed.  "I suppose Tony's gone through the whole 'What woke you?' routine?" he said, rather than answering.
wouldn't survive that fall.  He held off on opening it for longer than he should have, giving him the momentum to drop and roll in the courtyard once he dislodged from the chute.  The edge of his shield came in contact with a robot's chin soon after, and he looked around to get his bearings.
"I..." Steve said, remembering the reason he'd sought Tony out in the first place - an empty room with crumpled papers littering the floor as a testament to his drawing skills.  He had been appalled at the waste, but even more frustrated with his inability to draw even simple things, so Tony wasn't the only one having a bad day.  There was a punching bag one floor down he could abuse, but Sam kept suggesting to try new things, and with Bucky still missing he just...
On the screen, Susan met the mob, her armor firing into the line of Skrull soldiers.  Kes was on her way here, and he sent her an alert, praying she'd check her com unit.
Wanda leaned down and as Tony threw his leg over her neck; he saw Peggy and Sharon embrace each other.  Sharon looked like her normal self, a bit serious but genuinely happy to be around Peggy.  Peggy rubbed her cheek, but he felt the sorrow and pride she had for her little sister.
Steve had always done right by him, Turk had said.  It had been a terrible way to go.  Not that there were many good ones, and his mind readily supplied much more gruesome deaths on top of the blood that was still on his hands.  He'd seen worse in the war.  Too much.  That didn't make what he'd just done any better.  He was the law, but that felt far too close to the line for his comfort.  What little he had of comfort, anyway.
"JARVIS!  Good to hear from you, old friend." Tony was resolutely not ignoring how Steve stayed on the other side of the room.
Slowly, he felt Steve waken, the hurts of every inch of his massive body screaming in agony.  Tony bit his lip against the feeling, knowing it wasn't him.  He wished for anything that it
"He has been trying though," Steve said, not wanting to think too long on some of the things Tony had said while he'd been trying to push Steve away.  Their arrangement had never actually been discussed, but when Tony lashed out, he did his best to stop when Steve told him.  He apologized and tried to do better.  Steve got the impression that usually Tony tried to keep to himself when he was in that mood, and Rhodey had a point about Steve sometimes pushing that too far instead of respecting Tony's boundaries, but...
Red, gold, and gunmetal grey.  Fire of the forge and passion.  Science and wonder of the unexplored.  A lone star burning all alone in the moonless night.
Tony raised an eyebrow but let it slide, humming softly as he pulled out his phone. Steve flushed when he realized Tony was snapping a picture of the drawing.
Tony's hands were on his shoulders pushing him back down.  "Sleep, Steve.  You've got a full day of heroing ahead of you tomorrow."
Shame replaced the disappointment.  "Tony," he said, the name sounding full and rounded.  It took Tony a moment to realize Steve had used both his given name and the dragon name-feeling at the same time.  "I'm sorry."
Steve fidgeted, knowing that he had to put a stop to this immediately or else he was going to start getting uncomfortable.  He swallowed, trying not to think about things in Tony's mouth.  "Don't suck on it," he said, pulling Tony's finger out.  He glanced around for the first aid kid and was happy that Tony and Jan at least had it near by when they were working with pointy objects.  He grabbed the antiseptic.
"I'll survive," Sam said dryly.  "Nothing that won't heal when I don't have to conserve my energy for healing others."
The pairs spread out, Steve and Tony ending up in the middle with three heads to pick off.  Tony rolled out of the way of a set of sharp teeth, sending a repulsor blast into its eye.  It screamed in pain and knocked into one of the other heads.  Steve folded his wings and dropped down, reopening them at the last second as he cut off the second head with his claws.
Steve let it go.  There would be time to chase after that later, when Tony was ready.  He offered his arm to Tony.  "We could go back together?"
Tony didn't respond at first.  Then he nodded, and Steve carefully sat down beside him.  Thinking back to what Tony had said before, he ran his fingers through Tony's hair, massaging gently.
"I'll draw it out somehow," Tony said, looking around.  Drawing out a creature that big would probably destroy the temple, but Tony found he wasn't too displeased by the notion as he might normally be for destroying something that old.  Steve was right.  There was something foreboding about the place.  While he'd like to study how it was made and why, Tony couldn't help but wonder if destroying it wouldn't be the best course of action for everyone.  Somethings men didn't need to know.
"Well enough to hit any Kraut plane," Tony said, deliberately thinking of walls to avoid letting the last screw-up that landed him here from slipping through.  Steve didn't need to know about that one.
"It appears a stor-" JARVIS cut off, his voice replaced by static.  Tony immediately stood up, his tablet falling to the floor.  He ran to the intercom.  "JARVIS?" he asked frantically before switching over to the pilots.  "Herrera, something's wrong with-"
The fight was long and hard, but there were no casualties.  On one hand, it relieved Steve to no end that whoever it was may not care if people got hurt, but at least they weren't aiming for the civilian population.  Hitting the botanical gardens on a day it was closed meant it was easy to evacuate.  Though what robots wanted in a botanical garden was worrying him.  It sounded more and more like the robots were drawing the Avengers out, and Steve didn't like the implications of that.  It could also be a distraction, and Steve liked that even less.
"That was..." Steve said, looking a little stunned.  His fingers went up to his lips like he almost couldn't believe it had happened.  It was surprisingly endearing and Tony allowed himself to feel a little smug.  "Was that a yes?"
"You're good with other people's problems," Steve said with a hint of a smile.  "You've always helped me when I had nightmares."
Iron Man's lack of denial sunk in.  And people thought Tony Stark was an egocentric double-dealer.   Steve was torn between wanting to shake the man or pull him into a tight hug.  "I don't know who you're trying to protect here, me or him," Steve said, forcing his fingers to relax.  "But you can tell him I'm still not giving up.  And remind him he needs to stop pushing me away like that if this friendship going to work.  He needs to put in some effort too."
"Will do," Steve said as he raced down to the garage to get his motorcycle.  He may have screwed the meeting up, but he wasn't going to let Stark be in danger while Iron Man was out for the count.
"He was there," Tony insisted again, his eyes feeling heavy despite himself.  The dragon healing had taken so much out of him on top of the grief that even just being in a bed was pulling him under.  He fought it though, forcing his eyes open again.
Steve felt his fingers twitch.  Tony was back-lit by the setting sun, a look of pure delight on his face.  Tony's smile was almost blinding in it's brilliance, even with the sun competing behind him.  Steve didn't think he'd ever really seen that expression on Tony's face, and he wanted nothing more than to draw it and capture a little bit of that joy for himself.  He hadn't wanted to draw a person this much since he saw Peggy in that red dress when...
"Doesn't have to find out about what you were feeling when it happened," Tony said gently.  "If you don't want to tell him, he doesn't have to know.  And I know he'll agree that you had a good plan."
"Viper shot Steve," Tony said when his head was clear.  "He was there.  Out of all the things to make up, I didn't imagine a giant blue dragon!"
"I don't think Colonel Rhodes will be drinking coffee for a while when he wakes up," the dark-skinned nurse said, though she giggled behind her clip board.
Steve's arms tightened around him, and Tony realized he was straddling Steve's lap as Steve tilted his head up to kiss him.  He wasn't exactly sure
"Is that the only reason?" Steve pressed.  "Because I'm willing to work with that."  It would be hard, living without being able to really touch Iron Man or to have that sort of intimacy for himself, but Steve was stubborn.  Iron Man was worth that, knowing his identity or not.  He knew enough about Iron Man to know he was a good man, and that was enough for Steve.
It was late and the thought of making a shelter made him weary, but Tony nodded.  If it was the only way he could get some sleep, then he'd do it.  "Where can-"
"Like I said, you're not getting any flak from me," Rhodey said.  "I'm just saying.  Even your fans think Tony is your favorite."
He cursed as the ground moved again, thrusters catching him before he fell.  He flew back and gave a small yelp as he tried to stabilize.  His arm hit the edge of the platform, but it righted him, and he could finally see to fire.  Four - no, five heads now.  He'd been standing on one of them when he landed, which was why the ground was moving.  The one he'd been standing on was chewing on-
"You say the right thing when it matters," Steve amended, because tact wasn't always one of Iron Man's strong points, that was definitely true.
He was definitely going to have to grill Peggy about their first meeting.  This was information that was obviously important for Tony to know.  "That doesn't mean you're not more impressionable right now," Tony said.  "Would you keep going if it were me?"
, and Steve related to that far more than he really wanted to admit.  The serum had been his way of changing how people viewed him too.  "So he became Iron Man," he said.
"Steve..."  It was no good.  He couldn't get out of here like this.  But the dragons... Someone had to warn them.  He had to...
and he was living the high life.  Pepper, Rhodey, and Jarvis were still fighting without him, possibly dead already.  He was failing them.  Just like he failed at everything.  He couldn't-
It was a very brief respite.  She heard an energy rifle and only barely made it into the air as it scorched by her.  The targeting system already had a lock on the shooter and two others, and she let loose the small shoulder missiles that they had picked up on their last Skrull base raid.  It felt good, using their own weapons against them, and she still remembered how Tony had beamed at her when she'd managed to combine the two different technologies.  It helped against the sick twist in her stomach as they went down.  If there was one thing she was glad of, it was that she had re-awoken Cap and Tony
Tony looked down at his still gauntleted hand that he couldn't move.  "And if she'd been innocent?" Tony asked.  "Yeah, I fell for it and I should have known better than to have my head turned by a pretty face.  Rhodey would be the first to tell you I'm a terrible judge of character.  But she... she asked me to keep it a secret.  It wasn't my secret to tell."
Running cleared his mind and released the pent-up energy he had from sitting for so long.  He had gathered a crowd by the time he started to feel tired, but aside from occasionally waving when he heard a cheer, he paid them no mind.
"And the magic of this place will make sure of it," Viper said, a smile in her voice if not her face.  "It has decided you are important, and if I am near you, I can catch the same sort of ride you did when Cobra saved me from falling."
It wasn't even ten minutes later when he started at JARVIS's voice. "Captain, you requested to be made aware should any of the Avengers emergency com devices go down.  Agent Romanov and Agent Barton have been disconnected from the network."
Fear went through him as he tugged at the tentacles.  They only pulled his arms tighter.  "Steve, you've got to-"
Steve sighed, resting his head on the punching bag. "It's fine. I'm pretty sure anyone else would have called me on that too," Steve said. Vision was still learning how to deal with humans, and it wasn't his fault Steve was grouchy.
Steve returned the salute and smiled, wondering if his smile looked as fake as Tony's did.  "How is the Colonel doing?"
"I'm... not sure," Bruce said, not quite meeting Steve's eyes.  "You're getting to know Stark, right?"
"Hello?" he called out.  He made sure the boulders he'd been working on were stable before clunking back towards the gate.  He saw no one on the way, and it had definitely come from inside the gate, not out of it.  He went past the gate to the other side, where he'd discovered a pit about eleven feet deep that Tony had classified as a dead end his first day of working.  "Anyone here?" he asked as he neared the pit.
They sat in silence for a while after that as Rhodey grieved and wrestled back control over his emotions.  Steve didn't say anything, though he felt like he should offer some kind of comfort.  He didn't know what to say though, and any words he tried fell unspoken, too much for his thick tongue to navigate.  Iron Man was...
"Yeah, just a sec," Susan said, going over to the armor.  She pressed a few buttons and a small device came off.
"You just want to take me out of it," Tony said, wiggling in what Steve assumed was supposed to be a seductive manner.
in ways that Kes would laugh at him for.  Awkward didn't even begin to cover it, slightly removed ancestor or not.
"Jim Rhodes," Rhodes said after a moment, holding out his hand.  Steve took it, not feeling particularly worthy of it at the moment but not wanting to offend.  "Though I'm told we've already met."
The bed smelled of alcohol and oil with a hint of that peppermint candy Tony professed a fondness for whenever supplies came from out of town.  He rolled over, then tried to sit up.  "Where're you sleepin'?"
Steve raised his eye brows, but Fury only gave him a look that said not to argue and turned to the Avengers' conference room, his trench coat flowing after him..  Steve followed reluctantly, putting the tray down as Fury set up some kind of device on the table.  "To keep out eavesdroppers," Fury said, gesturing for Steve to take a seat.
He’d been thinking about this almost every minute after Ultron’s attack on Extremis. At first he’d been sure that the techno virus was broken for good, but soon after, the buzzing in his mind had started again. He couldn’t really access Extremis yet, but he felt it repairing itself. And he knew it wouldn’t be long until he was back online.
Tony’s gaze was dropping as well, the crease between his brows very evident. He was obviously thinking hard. “It was… it was a really going off the rails moment.”
"Don't keep the board waiting too long, my boy," the voice said, sounding suddenly louder. There was a coercive edge to that voice, and Steve got the sense that by 'board', the man really meant himself.
“Do it,” Peter said, staring at Strange first, then at Thanos. “And make sure he won’t see the light of day ever again.”
There was a long beat of silence. It wasn’t overly dramatic or even uncomfortable, but it was there.
He grinned as he saw Steve’s ass wiggle a little with the movements and raised one naked foot to run it along one perfect cheek.
“As much as I can be,” Thor responded. “There might be unexpected consequences… but I am certain it will be worth it.”
“Mmm,” Tony hummed. That would explain the bad mood he was in. Talking with Pierce would do that to you.
The sentimental part of him had always known that JARVIS was meant for more than being his robot butler.
it was a low blow, but if Steve really thought he could come here, and mess up Tony’s boring-but-very-willing date, then he was very
with it, I tried to—” He offered a dry chuckle, wincing as he moved to sit up a little more. “I had it handled. I would’ve made sure they didn’t kill him. And you wouldn’t
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve could see Bucky take aim with his sniper rifle on top of the bridge, and in the next second, both front tires burst, and the truck veered sideways, without once running the risk of toppling. Instead, the truck came to a skittering halt, and moved no further.
He knew that he had been supposed to be a soulless monster. They had made him a symbol of death and terror, and he had thought he always would be. He’d never even realized how lost he was without her. But he always was. Just some lost soldier who had forgotten he ever had a home.
that would drown out his thoughts. He hadn’t wanted to consider what he would lose if Steve never returned to his side. If he couldn’t take back everything he had said that night in Siberia.
With a smile, Steve dropped a kiss just behind Tony’s ear. Then, he sat a hand over the arc reactor, and Tony put his own hand on Steve’s, caressing his knuckles.
Barnes stepped between Tony’s thighs, giving him an unimpressed look. The left corner of his mouth was twitching, though, or maybe Tony was just hallucinating. “Grab hold of my arm, and squeeze if it stings too bad.”
Steve suddenly stood up and took a few steps away from Tony. He brushed a hand over his head as he stared out of the window. Then, he turned around again. “Really?”
“What? That’s it?” Tony asked. “You ever heard of the term ‘diplomacy’? Comes right before ‘disputability’. Any of those ringing a bell?”
A low ping announced his arrival. Steve drew a deep breath and willed himself closer to the landing pad. The agents surrounding the Quinjet cast him a few odd looks, but otherwise ignored his still-a-little-disheveled look. Tony had probably known what he was doing when he’d pulled at Steve’s hair as hard as he had, but Steve couldn’t find it in him to care.
“So, uhm, Clint and Natasha said they were having brief visions of their past, like… memories, just more vivid. They wrote them down, the farthest they went back in time was eight months so far. That was Nat, and we analyzed that she was slightly nearer to the bulb when it exploded than Clint, and his flashbacks only have a range from a few days ago to four months top. It’s random scenes, apparently, and we don’t know what triggers them. And…” He cringed a little, looking at Steve apologetically. “...we don’t know how to stop it. Thor left for Asgard yesterday, to do some research on that plant.”
He was walking right towards his own rooms, if Steve remembered the Facility’s rooms correctly and he was just turning on the shower when Steve walked into the very large bedroom.
Steve hadn't really had the chance, nor the interest, to look for anything that went beyond distant friendship with people; not since the army at least. He'd always preferred solitude. And this… well, this was out of his social capabilities by at least twenty miles.
