Steve was sporting a similar look, wearing a blue plaid shirt with the first two buttons undone, a grey cap with the Dodgers logo on the front, and just a regular pair of large, black rimmed glasses.
Tony glanced away and just shrugged, because emotions weren’t exactly his strong suit. “Doesn’t really matter anymore. What’s done is done, I can’t change that.”
“Yeah, I’m good. You can go back to whatever you were doing with your pants down.” Bucky teased, nodding to his unbuttoned jeans which made Steve’s face go slightly red.
The amount wasn’t insane, but it was way more than he expected to earn working a porn gig. He could easily afford rent, and even had enough money leftover to spend on a few more things. He used most of that money to pay bills, and even went out to get some decent groceries that didn’t come in a can. Steve wasn’t greedy, there wasn’t really anything substantial he wanted. Maybe when he earned a little mote he might go out and buy the parts he was missing and finally get that motor bike that Bucky and him fished out of the trash working, but that wasn’t really a priority. Right now it was just nice not having to worry about making rent on time.
Now, there was a sacred little space in the corner of his lab with aisles and paints that he affectionately deemed ‘Steve’s corner’.
It's a beautiful specimen and Steve can't help but marvel at it. He's seen a lot of dicks in his life – in person and on screen, but there was something special about this one. Tony's wasn’t quite as big as him, but that's not to say he's small. What Steve has over him in length Tony more then makes up for in girth. Steve can already feel the ache in his jaw as he takes in every inch of Tony's cock and then pulls up again, lips wet and gliding easily up the thick shaft.
At least, he thought, there was one person other than Steve who liked the name of the ship. Most people thought it was too sentimental or too on-the-nose or too
In the end, Tony’s room was closer, so that was where they went. They were lucky no one saw them on the way there. Neither of them had a hope of hiding how hard they were, or how flushed, and Steve couldn’t help but stop Tony just to pin him against a wall and grind their cocks together while he took Tony’s mouth in a slow, filthy, open-mouthed kiss. Right there in the middle of the damn hall.
Antoni’il had a wife and daughter. Nothing would have ever happened between him and Steve. Steve didn’t know what he’d thought he was doing, coming here in the first place to demand attention from a man who was literal royalty and probably had enough on his plate trying to run a whole
“It got me a date, didn’t it?” Tony says, in that sly tone of voice that means Steve is in for some merciless ribbing. “If I hadn’t made it, you probably would’ve gone on thinking I was straight for another ten years.”
The man made a noise that sounded suspiciously similar to a purr, and Steve snorted as he turned away.
Tony didn’t mind; in fact, his eyes lit up in a way that made Steve feel jittery inside whenever he turned and realized Steve was there with him. Tony took him to the observatory and told him all about the constellations that could only be seen from Xandar; he took him to the labyrinthine greenhouses so they could watch the nocturnal plants bloom, their bioluminescent glow turning Tony’s skin radiant; he took him to late night music performances and art exhibits, to street carts selling fantastically strange food and into hole-in-the-wall bars where Tony tried whatever the bartender’s favorite drink was.
? he thought. Of course, the answer to that question presented itself immediately, bobbing to the surface of his mind, impossible to ignore:
Tony slid out of bed, stretched, and began throwing on his clothes. “So here’s the game plan,” he told Steve. “We go out there, we deal with whatever’s wrong as fast as we possibly can, and then we come straight back to bed. Deal?”
“When I let you on this crew,” Steve said, “you swore you’d follow our rules, that you’d act like part of a
His crew knew what had happened. He didn’t keep secrets from them. Natasha, as his second-in-command, took the lead and got them off Stark as soon as she could. Normally, they’d have taken their time, spent the night in a place as nice as this one. The ivory-and-glass spires of the palace in the distance, the sand-colored planet that filled half the sky, the lithe people like walking poetry with skin in just about every color imaginable – it was practically a fantasyland, and far more pleasant than a lot of the other places they’d been. But Steve knew he wouldn’t be able to look in any direction without a hot wave of mingled embarrassment and grief flooding him. He couldn’t bear to stay and have to make a choice about the mourning rites that would be overtaking the city as soon as the fourth (and final) sun set. To join them as an anonymous member of the crowd, or to pretend they weren’t happening and keep his distance – both options felt either painful or disrespectful.
Tony broke away from Rodos and a knot of strategists, pilots, and generals to make his way to Steve’s side.
“I heard—” Steve begins, and stops himself. He should’ve thought of a smoother way to bring this up. But it’s too late. Tony’s looking at him again with those dark blue eyes. There’s a smudge of ink on his nose that makes Steve want to combust.
“It’s nothing,” he said, sitting up, and then the guilt made him add, “Okay, so I have this stupid crush on Tony that I’m sure you’ve noticed. That’s it. Nothing’s
“If he wanted to, we would find a way,” said Peatra. “He couldn’t be king again, but we could invent a new identity for him. But, Captain? I think you should talk to him before you start jumping to conclusions about what he wants.”
“Here we go,” Tony muttered; Bruce shot him a disapproving look and Peter stared at him in horrified awe.
“Oh, that’s what it means?” Steve retorted. “So how come it doesn’t work that way when I’m the one in charge?”
There had been an issue with the air filtration system. Tony and Peter had fixed it, temporarily, but they needed to land and clear everyone out of the ship so they could solve the root problem that had caused the mishap. They’d need to switch out a part, most likely; it seemed all those months keeping the Nomad together with used parts scavenged from junkyards or bartered for favors had finally caught up with them.
He rallied the soldiers and his crew, directing some of them to attack the Hydra’s far right head while he took the other half with him to the left. Across the Hydra’s massive golden body, he watched the Stark troop attempt to saw across the Hydra’s twisting neck with lasers. The Hulk helped: he threw himself at the Hydra’s neck, denting it, and then again, smashing with all his might, weakening the metal.
Numb with fury and fear, he followed Natasha to the bridge. She strapped into one of the seats; Bruce and Peter and Sam were all in place, too, and Janet was in the pilot’s chair, carefully urging the ship up and up into the sky. The Nomad had no weapons systems; they could do nothing but run.
“That settles it for me.” Tony grinned. “I’m so easy for you, Cap. Better not take advantage of that.”
And he wasn’t alone. Someone was holding his hand. Someone whose skin was warm and whose touch was solid and reassuring, but not restrictive. Someone who had laced his fingers intimately with Tony’s, and whose thumb stroked over Tony’s knuckles again and again.
Steve thinks, but he’s too dazed to be as furious with himself as he should be. And it’s hard to be upset about lost time when
“It’s good to see you,” said Yiein, smiling at Tony over his wire-rimmed spectacles, his moss-green skin crinkling around the eyes. Was Tony imagining it, or had he aged in the months since Tony had seen him last? Were there more lines around his mouth? Was his hair grayer?
said a treacherous voice in his head, but Steve remembered the lingering looks Tony had given him as recently as yesterday, remembered cooking together and exploring Xandar, and the way Tony would reach for him when it was early and he hadn’t had his coffee yet and he was too tired for restraint. These early morning touches were small and sweet. Steve would sit down next to Tony with a screen in hand to check the news, and Tony – eyes half-closed – would mumble his name, and he’d brush his fingers over Steve’s wrist or shoulder in greeting, or even, once, run them affectionately through Steve’s hair. And then his hand would drop and his head would droop and he’d return all his attention to his coffee mug, and Steve would be warm wherever Tony had touched him for the next hour.
“I thought everyone knew,” Steve echoes him. “I’ve been carrying a torch since— well, since before I knew you were Iron Man.”
He got unsteadily to his feet. The battlefield was scorched and scarred; groaning, injured bodies lay scattered about. Sam was unconscious from the blast but appeared to be breathing; the Hulk plucked him off the ground and cradled him, roaring indignantly at the Hydra, which grappled with Iron Man. It stretched its head as high into the air as it could reach, but it did not attempt to take flight.
His ass twinged in complaint, and his ribs were starting to feel the effects of last night’s activities, too, but Tony’s mouth watered as his eyes dropped to Steve’s cock again. No amount of soreness would stop him from appreciating a man
, he thinks to himself, even as he gently pulls Tony’s hand from his wrist so that he can wrap it up in both of his.
Bruce, their medic and botanist, who returned his smile with a tired one of his own and offered him a sleep tonic for later. Steve declined.
Well. This answered the question of whether or not humans were still welcome on Xandar after the mess they’d made with the Kree.
It swiftly became clear to Steve that he was no good at hiding his feelings. Natasha wasn’t the only one who’d noticed. But she was the one to confront him about it.
But as the Hydra loomed over him, as its jaws unlocked and stretched wide, as the hum of energy from deep within its bowels filled the air, a figure landed between him and the beast. It was Iron Man, shielding Steve from the coming attack.
“You told us to keep it ready, and we did. What, you think you leave for five minutes and we all turn into buffoons? Is that it?”
“Having fun?” he called. Steve, with his enhanced hearing, could pick out his mechanized voice even from the tumult of battle, and could read the fury in it. “Why don’t you try going a round with
“Steve,” he said, detaching himself from Steve’s mouth. Steve kissed a trail down Tony’s throat, not missing a beat. “Steve. I need to tell you something.”
A shadow fell over him. Behind him, the Hulk shifted threateningly, a growl starting at the back of his throat. But it was only Rodos.
“If he abdicated without a grown heir, it would be chaos; the Council would rip itself and Stark apart fighting over who had the right to rule,” said Peatra. “In the case of a ruler’s death, though, their spouse has the right to rule as regent until the heir is of age. It was the simplest, smoothest way to get him off the throne while keeping me on it.”
Tony shrugged. “JARVIS would’ve deactivated himself and you’d never have been any wiser. He’s harmless, I swear,” Tony said. “Unless I want him not to be.”
One of the three ships seemed to decide Tony wasn’t worth letting Steve and his crew get away. It rose up, astonishingly fast for something that size, its nose pointed at the Nomad.
So when Jan asked, “Where to, Cap?” a month or so after their crew gained an extra member, Steve hardly had to think about his answer. It had been gnawing at the back of his mind for too long.
Later came after Tony’s tearful reunions with Peatra, Jo, Rodos, and Hapi. Later came after Peatra initiated diplomatic contact with Kree leadership but told them, in no uncertain terms, that the identity of Iron Man would not be handed over for any price. Later came after a very strange dinner on the floor of Tony’s old workshop, the only place where they were certain not to be seen; Tony sat there, surrounded by his old family and his new one, and felt just about happier than he’d ever felt in his life. Later came after he’d loaded some of the things he’d had to leave behind when he’d first fled Stark onto the Nomad – his bots, some specialized tools, a few keepsakes, as many photos as he could get his hands on.
Even when the ships must have been empty of all but whoever was needed to pilot them, they did not land. The Kree warriors assembled themselves below the ships and spread out to surround the palace grounds, so that their ranks seemed to go on and on in either direction. The Stark forces watched them warily, waiting to see what this meant. The Kree were notoriously aggressive; they always attacked first. But now, they were waiting. Waiting for something to happen.
Natasha looked at him flatly. “If nothing was wrong, you would have made a move by now. This— pining. It’s not like you.”
Steve nodded into his pillow, which he was certain would end up with permanent dents from his fingers.
That was right. There had been a battle, and Tony had no idea how long he’d been sleeping since then.
Natasha smirked at him. Steve glanced significantly at where her hand brushed Sam’s on the table, and raised his brows.
Steve steadied his lover with a hand on his hip, and used his other to hold the base of his cock. He’d sort of forgotten that he, too, had a hard-on in desperate need of attention, and touching it now sent a wave of heat all up his body. By the time its blunt tip bumped up against Tony’s wet hole, Steve was breathing hard, barely stopping himself from yanking Tony down and seating himself all the way to the hilt. His muscles shook with the strain of holding back as the head of his cock popped past Tony’s rim and was enveloped in his tight, silky heat.
with their anything,” he drawled. “Where’s your mechanic? Go on. Let them give the engine room a once-over. They’ll tell you I just did you a huge favor, free of charge. I’ll even allow you to continue taking advantage of my services for no payment whatsoever besides room and board.”
The look Sam and Natasha exchanged, brief and silent, seemed to encompass an entire conversation. They turned to Steve as one.
He pulled away, gripped Tony’s shoulders with both his hands, and gave him a light shake. A wide grin split his features. “Something’s different. Wait, let me guess. You lost weight?”
But Natasha said, “Who cares if it’s different? No one’s keeping score. You can feel however you feel.”
Steve’s eyes snapped back up to his. His lips were still red from their kisses, vivid against his pale skin.
Tony and Peter were finishing up the last of their repairs when the Kree arrived. Their massive golden ships filled the sky, all swoops and points and sharp edges, like flying fleur de lises. Steve held out hope until the very last moment that they wouldn’t be seen, but then fully armed Kree soldiers spilled from the ships, spread out to surround the Nomad, and swarmed them.
on what’s dangerous when you tried to go up against the Hydra with nothing but a shield that protects
Tony dove to where Steve had directed him, making Steve’s stomach swoop. He was grinning by the time Tony released him, letting Steve leap down to the ground at Sam’s side and pick up the battle where he’d left off.
By night, they explored the city. Tony knew Xandarian so well Steve had assumed he’d been there before, but he hadn’t: every sight had him breathless with awe; every discovery delighted him. Steve spent a lot of time with Tony, that week. Usually the whole crew set out together, but they’d split off into smaller groups as the night went on – Sam and Nat going one way, Janet arm-in-arm with Bruce and Peter. Sometimes, Tony would wander off early without telling anyone, so Steve kept an eye on him in case Tony got distracted and made a detour.
“We’ll have plenty of time later,” he whispered into Tony’s hair. He could feel Tony’s warm breaths puff against his neck. His arm, draped over Tony’s body, rose and fell in time. He tucked his hand under Tony’s shirt and found in the recesses of his mind the name of some long-dead pagan goddess and thought,
That wasn’t quite true, but under the full force of that smile, Steve could only bring himself to grin helplessly in turn.
“Tony.” He shook Tony awake as gently as possible. His eyes traveled down Tony’s body, to his loose pants, which— yes, sported a sizable tent at the crotch.
Centuri-Six was a world not all that different from the Earth of Steve’s time, and the Centurii were a peaceful, democratic people whose culture revolved around the arts. Unfortunately, their planet was rich with resources they did not have the means to defend, and so the Kree conducted regular raids. They hadn’t planted a colony there yet, but it was only a matter of time.
It was silly. But Steve thought Tony would get a kick out of it, even if he solved it in a minute flat. He’d probably give Steve that wide open smile he reserved for moments of genuine delight, the one that made his eyes crinkle at the corners. Steve could sit close to him and tell him what the vendor had said about all the different panels and the story behind them. Tony would lean into him, and Steve would be able to smell him – not just the engine oil on his clothes, but past that, to the natural scent of Tony’s skin, which had haunted Steve in his dreams ever since they fell asleep tangled together on Xandar. Maybe their arms would brush—
Tony tapped at his helmet. “That’s right. He’s in the suit. Helps me pilot, keeps an eye on life support, scans my surroundings for approaching threats. You know. Usual AI stuff.” Steve couldn’t
“I’d never.” Steve shuffled closer and then added, more seriously, “I don’t want to control you. But I don’t want to lose you, either.”
“Cooking’s not so different from chemistry,” Steve told him, as Tony debated between extra cinnamon and extra vanilla before apparently opting for both.
“Jo’s a baby. She won’t… uh, she won’t even remember me,” Toni’il said, wilting, but he rallied. He pulled Peatra close for one last hug, and pressed a kiss into her hair, the pale orange color of the third sunrise on the planet Mannata, which Stark orbited. It was uninhabitable, but Toni’il had been there once or twice, back before his parents had died and he’d still been allowed to go on research excursions. That had been years ago.
(“Are they in mourning? Is that what the bands symbolize?” Tony asked Bruce. Humans were great fans of symbolism.
Abruptly, Steve’s understanding of this whole conversation flips itself upside down. The best-case scenario he’d envisioned had involved a moderately interested Tony agreeing to a date without laughing at him. He hadn’t considered this. He hadn’t considered the possibility that Tony, amazingly, feels just the same way he does.
Tony leaned on his elbow and watched Steve look. Steve drank in the sight of him, wanting to memorize it all. The soft dark hair falling over his eyes, which were heavy-lashed and clever and fixed on Steve with that dizzyingly intense focus Tony had. The curve of his neck and the dip of his collarbone, the dark hair on his chest – around the glow of his artificial heart – and trailing down his stomach. His hard cock, twitching under Steve’s gaze, ready and waiting for Steve to enjoy.
“It’s ten minutes past six in the evening, sir,” comes JARVIS’ reply, and even through his sleep-addled brain, Tony can detect the concern in his voice.
“We’re not mad, you idiot,” she says with an exasperated sigh. At Tony’s baffled look, Natasha rolls her eyes and adds, “We should be, but we’re not, and we can kinda understand why you’d sneak away like not. But we were more
himself appear complicated. God, if he weren’t a genius, he probably would’ve ended up as an actor. Hell, he’d most likely have won a shit ton of awards by now — he’s
Try as he might, Steve can’t help but smile at the sheer impertinence of the man. And sweet Mary, did Tony just call him ‘my dear’ in Italian? Unfortunately, that’s the exact moment he feels his cheeks and neck grow warm. He’s definitely blushing right now, and by the sound of Tony’s gentle laughter it’s clear that the genius saw it too.
“I’m right next to you, Point Break, no need to shout,” Tony winces but there’s a genuine smile on his face as he looks up at Thor. “I’m fine. Peachy keen. What’s up?”
“I know that, but I can operate the suit from here. Well, it’s JARVIS who will, and I’ll call out patterns from the sky. The public doesn’t know I’m out of commission, right?” When Steve shakes his head, Tony continues in that same calm, tight voice. “Then I don’t want to give them a reason to question the lack of Iron Man’s presence. I— it’ll be okay, guys.”
“Thanks for the, uh, drink,” Tony interjects, slightly stumbling over his words. “I should head to bed, now. Kinda feeling the cocoa kick in.”
Steve reaches for the device to look at the notification, wondering who could be texting him at this time. When he sees the name on his lock screen, Steve can’t help the chuckle that leaves past his lips. He taps the screen to open the message:
“Tony,” Steve cuts in, this time inflecting a bit of his Captain America voice. When Tony jerks his head up to meet his solemn eyes in surprise, the super soldier adds, “Is everything okay?”
continuously air the same footages (obviously taken from mobile phones) showing Tony and the Avengers fighting against the Chitauri, the most frequent video being played obviously the one where Tony unleashes the most powerful lighting on the gigantic Leviathan. According to Clint and Nat, even Fury was rendered speechless for several minutes after he saw the footage of Tony wielding Mjölnir. Too bad neither Avenger had their StarkPhone with them because Tony would’ve
“I haven’t heard this in a while,” she says, sounding almost reverent. There’s a distant look in her eyes, and Steve exchanges a significant look with Clint, who’s still filming the whole thing. “This song was a wake-up call, Antoshka.”
Flipping the bread over the pan, Steve looks over his shoulder and almost had a heart attack when he’s greeted with the sight of Tony, the engineer’s back turned to him, swaying his hips to the tune as he finishes setting the table. Eyes immediately zeroing in on Tony’s plump ass — and it’s such a
Bruce snorts while Tony laughs, the latter swatting a hand on Steve’s bicep as he leans against the super soldier in mirth.
Steve grunts upon hearing the AI’s voice, his focus deep on the sketch he’s been doing for the past forty minutes of his old neighborhood in Brooklyn. Though he’s been adjusting really well to the 21st century, the super soldier still has those days when he feels the memories of his past life creep up on him like tendrils of smoke — long enough to see it but fades away almost instantly. A glimpse of him and Bucky getting drunk on cheap liquor at the nearest bar. The Howling Commandos laughing at something incredibly lewd but funny Dugan’s said. Peggy and her ruby red lips brushing against Steve’s in desperation — a reassurance, a promise, a goodbye.
Tony shrugs and gets up from the stool to approach Steve. He looks over his shoulder as Steve cuts up the cheese. Steve gulps and does his best not to lean back into Tony.
“I can’t say for certain,” he finally ends up saying carefully. But before Steve, or the others, can begin to feel disappointed, Tony is quick to add, “But I think that whatever the barrier is that’s preventing me from swearing — even from this sudden lack of interest in my work —
“Yeah, you took quite a hit there, Stark,” Clint quips, trying to alleviate the sudden tension in the room. “For a second there, we thought you were a goner.”
There’s more to Tony than meets the eye, yes. He’s known that since the failed Chitauri invasion. But what he didn’t know until today was how deep Tony’s insecurities lie, how doubtful he is of himself, considering his achievements and accolades. That information alone is enough for the Other Guy to want to break out and avenge his favorite teammate. It also goes to show how protective Bruce has become of his friend. Going over the engineer’s words earlier, it makes the physicist's blood boil with anger at all the people who hurt Tony, who made the man question his own self-worth.
“Aye,” Thor agrees with a solemn nod. The new arrivals join Steve on the couch, Bruce sitting in the middle as the Asgardian prince adds, “We have all made mistakes, thus we are now paying the price for it. But it does not do to dwell on the past for we may lose sight of the gift we have in front of us. That is to say that you do not have to shoulder this burden alone, Steven. You have us to help you carry the weight, and Anthony has us to aid him in his recovery.”
With Steve, he feels like he’s not partaking in a race against time. They’re both perfectly aware of their lifestyle, being superheroes and all, and they know that there’s no guarantee for their future. But in spite of all that, Tony is two hundred percent certain that what he has with the super soldier will last. Hell, they’re still building whatever this is between them, but Tony knows without a shadow of a doubt that he’s in this for the long haul. They both are, and that thought — that absolute
And though it saddens him that after all this time, three months to the day since Clint had spread the news of Tony’s ability to lift Mjölnir, Tony still appears to be uncomfortable whenever the subject is broached and doesn’t hesitate to shy away from it.
Steve blinks, and when he looks around he sees the same astonishment he feels mirrored on the others’ faces.
Without a second thought, Steve ducks down to kiss the corner of Tony’s mouth. He hears Tony's sudden intake of breath, and Steve glances up in time to see Tony's eyes fluttering shut. Endeared, Steve can't help but gently nuzzle his nose against Tony's before he pulls away.
Steve smiles sympathetically at the engineer, his heart thumping against his ribcage when Tony smiles back at him with sleep-soft eyes. More often than not, Steve finds himself aching with the need to
will come, Tony doesn’t bother to give her a response, only to roll his eyes and carry on with their training. Just the mere thought of it is laughable, really.
The next thing he knows, the song is drawing to a close, and Tony’s nimble fingers play effortlessly over the keys as he sings the last words.
“Back-up arrived several minutes ago and clean-up on 36th street is well underway,” JARVIS announces. “As Mr. Odinson reported earlier, there’s only one Leviathan remaining.”
“It feels like a lifetime since that day you first wielded Mjölnir,” Clint remarks with a faraway look. “Man, that was such an epic moment.”
“You haven’t been to your workshop since you woke up,” the redhead remarks conversationally with a raised brow. “Why is that?”
Tony at all. Steve wouldn’t go so far as to remark that it’s like having the engineer’s twin with them, because God knows one Tony Stark existing in this world alone is already too much to handle. No, that’s not it at all. If Steve were to guess, it’d be like having a version of Tony from an alternate dimension. If that even makes some damn sense.
“It didn’t bother me when he said that he didn’t know if he’d be able to help me out,” Bruce utters to the group. “He’s still recovering, after all. But it’s the hesitation in his eyes that bothers me the most. Like, like as if he —”
“And what did you tell her?” The physicist asks, careful not to trigger a negative reaction from his friend.
Steve purses his lips for a moment before he nods. He looks at Tony, dressed in black sweatpants and two layers of sweater. He has finally stood from the couch and is walking towards them, his sock-clad feet not making a noise on the tiles.
“We’re sorry for the inconvenience,” Steve apologizes with a grimace as he, and the others, follow Pepper to stand in front of the wide-screen monitors. “We didn’t expect Tony to do something like this—”
Suddenly, the R&B music that’s been blasting from the speakers changes to a soft pop song, acoustic guitars softly playing before a familiar voice starts singing. Eyebrows raised, Steve shares a look with Tony before they turn their heads in unison to the direction where the music booth is located. Unsurprisingly, Clint is talking animatedly with the DJ, who’s looking exasperated if the long-suffering sigh Steve heard is anything to go by.
Tony opens and closes his mouth. His eyes narrow in thought as he stares aimlessly at somewhere over Steve’s shoulder for a few seconds before he tilts his head to meet Bruce’s concerned eyes.
In this particular case, Tony is her teammate. Hell, he’s become one of her dearest friends after they’ve gone past the clusterfuck that was Tony’s period of self-destructiveness due to the palladium poisoning her spying on him. Yes, the man can be a huge pain in the ass, especially to the people he doesn’t like — cue in the media, Justin Hammer and, on occasion, Fury. But once you’ve gained Tony Stark’s trust and loyalty, you have it for life; and deep down, Natasha counts herself lucky to have Tony’s friendship, even if she chooses not to verbalize her appreciation.
“I won’t do it again,” he promises them. His eyes land on Steve’s for a second longer. “I promise. I just… needed to get away.”
Dumping the empty saucepan in the sink, Steve slides a mug towards Tony, remembering the latter’s aversion to being handed things. That gesture doesn’t go past Tony, who picks up the mug with a small smile of gratitude towards Steve as he mumbles his thanks. Smiling back, Steve picks up his own mug and blows on the surface before taking a small sip. Inhaling the sweet, rich scent of the cocoa, Steve finds himself closing his eyes in bliss before taking a longer sip of his drink.
, by his side. Tony has their friendship and support, and it’s then he realized he’s never felt this assured in his life.
From the corner of his eye, Steve sees Bruce also look up from his journal, the three of them watching Tony fidget slightly as he comes up with an answer.
“Yes, Dr. Banner,” Thor agrees solemnly. “I would rather be aware of Anthony’s status and be prepared to come to his aid than to remain ignorant of our friend’s plight.”
The genius smirks at him then nudges his shoulder with his own as he teases, “Chillax, Stevie-pie, I’m just teasing. After all, you were the one who told me to loosen up. So here I am. Loosening up.”
His eyes are downcast, staring aimlessly at the plush carpeted floor of his penthouse suite, so he doesn’t see the genuine look of shock that crosses over Pepper’s face at that statement.
Fuck. Shit fucking fuck, it’s like 2012 all over again, Tony thinks grimly as he begins to run towards the direction the people are running away from. His one o’clock meeting ended on time just when the genius first heard the ruckus happening outside. Thankfully, the building he came from is only a few blocks away from where the portal has opened.
Tony looks up from the tablet where he’s been answering Stark Industries-related e-mails to meet Natasha’s eyes.
Steve gathers his thoughts before abandoning the worktable to walk to Tony’s side. Once he’s next to him, Steve hesitates for a fraction of a second before thinking,
With a heavy sigh, Tony turns around to look at him, and the expression on his face makes the super soldier’s cheerful mood plummet.
The elevator dings to the floor where their uniforms and gears are located, Tony hangs back inside as the rest of the Avengers step off of the lift to suit up. Steve also hangs back and watches Natasha brush her fingers along Tony’s waist. Clint and Thor clap him on the back on their way out, and even Bruce squeezes his shoulder with a parting smile at the genius.
from her. In the past decade they’ve known each other, Tony’s never shied away from the strong-willed woman. He’s never kept her out of his life, even after he became a part of The Avengers, and especially after they’ve broken up. So Tony knows he’s deeply hurt the woman he once loved by keeping this from her. By distancing himself from her, no matter how unintentional it was.
“The scan was finished yesterday, and I’m still busy studying the schematics of the weapon.” Then the physicist turns to Tony with a tentative smile on his face as he adds, “Tony, if you’re feeling better, would you like to come down to my lab after? I could really use your expertise in this.”
“JARVIS informed me that his temperature’s lower compared to the last scan we did,” Bruce begins as he takes out a few medical supplies from his bag.
Without further ado, piano starts to play before a soulful voice starts to croon across the impressive speakers.
Life goes on for these people, and there’s the familiar ache in Tony’s chest that has made itself known since he got hit by that alien weapon. A longing, a yearning. For something. Something which Tony has always craved for.
“Oh, Tony,” Steve utters quietly as he swipes the towel across Tony’s neck. Tony, as if he heard the super soldier, whimpers pitifully and leans on Steve’s other hand that’s still softly stroking the engineer’s hair. Steve’s chest tightens on the unconscious gesture, and before he can think twice, he leans over Tony’s face to kiss the man’s brow. “It’s okay, Tony. I’m here. We’re all here. You’re going to be okay.”
“JARVIS,” Tony interrupts, this time through gritted teeth to prevent his teeth from chattering. “I don’t care about ventilation right now, buddy. My vitals may be normal, but I beg to differ, if whatever’s happening to me now is any indication. Something’s not right with me, J, and I want to get to the bottom of this. But first, I want to sleep — I
“What are they waiting for?” Tony asks, and in the distance Steve can hear the suit flying around the perimeter, away from the creatures’ line of sight.
The memory of the day he woke up comes to mind, and he recalls what he said. About something missing. It’s not his arc reactor, obviously, since it’s still there. Has always been there.
“Excuse you, but I’m a lethal bitch sitting pretty up high. Oh, and there’s half a dozen Chitauri comin’ in hot around the corner.”
“How are you feeling?” Steve forces himself to say the words, internally sighing with relief that his own voice doesn’t end up wobbling, or worse.
“What exactly are you trying to say?” Steve cocks his head, brows furrowed in confusion even as his mouth stretches into a smile. He wasn’t aware that their teammates gave Tony a similar pep talk, however he’s not surprised that they did. They’ve all seen how self-destructive the genius can be, and Steve supposes they also considered it their responsibility to look after Tony in their own way.
In the end, it takes him a few seconds to process Steve’s words, the latter silently gazing at him with an inexplicable expression.
So when Thor sees Tony at the gym a week later, the genius fighting against a robot he designed to be his opponent in the boxing ring, the Asgardian instantly jumps at the opportunity presented to him.
Glancing up, Tony sees more Chitauri advancing towards him from above. Many have leapt to the ground and are sprinting towards Tony, who doesn’t hesitate to hurl Mjölnir at the nearest alien bastard. The hammer hits it right across the chest, Mjölnir not breaking her momentum as she proceeds to take down a dozen more before she soars back to Tony’s outstretched hand.
Tony more. God, what would his mother say or do now if she sees Steve not minding his manners to Tony? Especially when the man has been nothing but a gracious and incredibly generous host to them after all this time.
, there isn’t much he can do to fight off the army of Chitauri. Still, never let it be said that Tony will go down without a fight, because if there’s one thing the genius is, is that he’s a stubborn fighter ’till the very end. Sooner than he realized, he reaches the corner of 34th street and is greeted with the horrible sight of an enemy they once conquered four years ago.
He straightens up from his slumped position on his bed as he replies, “What is it? Is it Tony? Is he okay? What happened?”
“I hope that, too,” Pepper agrees. After a beat, she adds, “I know it hasn’t been easy, but thank you for looking after him.”
“Point taken, but I think there’s something to be said about being hit with an alien god’s weapon, accident or not,” Tony retorts, though he still looks distraught. Then he kneels next to Natasha who’s only able to get up on her elbows, one gauntleted hand gesturing at the hammer still innocently resting on her broken thighbone. “I’d say wait for Thor, but I’m afraid if we wait any longer it’ll only cause more damage to your leg. SHIELD medic’s on the way now, so. May I?”
“Hey now,” he says comfortingly as he takes a tentative step towards Pepper, who’s now looking at him as if he’s grown an extra four heads. “Don’t look like that, like I — like I kicked your puppy. Pep, c’mon, please.”
“I think Thor could be on to something,” he slowly says, his brain quickly catching up to that tidbit of information he overheard Tony make before. Before Bruce can ask, Steve continues. “Remember when we had that discussion a few weeks ago about Tony’s inability to curse?”
He feels for the handle, and when his fingers graze something solid, he distantly wonders why the coffee pot weighs considerably less than he imagined. Chalking it up to his mind playing tricks, he shrugs and proceeds to poor the hot liquid into the white Stark Industries mug in his grasp.
“Tony?” Steve repeats, this time in a quieter voice as he gently sets his hands on the man’s arms. In the back of his mind, Steve realizes how intimate this must look like to a third party. It’s the middle of the night and here he is, standing in close proximity to another man in the dark-lit common area. But all Steve can think of in that moment is to take Tony into his arms. Tony, whom he realizes is shivering despite being buried in thick layers of clothing. He has hidden it so well that even
“Why,” Bruce starts, and he has to clear his throat twice before he continues. “Why are you telling us this, Pepper?”
Tony tries to ignore the butterflies fluttering in his stomach as he says as nonchalantly as he can, “I still haven’t given you your gift yet, Cap.”
“Sir spent the afternoon at Pier 45,” JARVIS informs them, surprising everyone. “He is currently on his way back to the Tower.”
He’s in the kitchen making himself a cup of tea when his phone lights up and buzzes on the counter top.
He feels Steve wrap his arms tighter around him, and in a distant part of his mind, Tony marvels at how he manages to sound coherent despite his current state, as he replies in a hushed tone. “The void. In me. It never goes away,
To help her case, Bruce interjects with an easy smile. “Seven billion people got to see you wield a war-hammer created solely for a god, and everyone’s shitting their pants because who they once assumed to be a harbinger of death and destruction actually turns out to be the worthiest of them all. Just saying,” the mild-mannered scientist adds with a shrug.
From the corner of his eye, he notes the stiffening of Tony’s shoulders, the other man’s jaw clenching for a moment before he slowly breathes out through his nose.
Steve’s smile stretches into a grin as he walks around the dining table. He slings an arm around Tony’s shoulders and, in a moment of weakness, Steve allows himself to drop a kiss on Tony’s temple before affectionately ruffling that thick mop of hair. Tony squawks in indignation and they hear the others laugh. Clint makes a teasing comment, but it only serves to make Tony’s smile widen.
Pepper raises an eyebrow at him, obviously seeing through Tony’s haughty expression. “What did you do?”
Tony’s broken out of his thoughts as he turns his head to look at the elderly woman, who’s staring at him kindly. They’re such kind eyes, Tony thinks, filled with compassion and wisdom. He finds himself swallowing past the small lump that’s suddenly lodged his throat.
There’s blatant fear in those whiskey-colored eyes, but Tony juts his chin. A small gesture to appear strong in front of them.
when Tony showed him everything, and the extra tight, extra long hug he received from the super soldier was testament enough to how happy he was.
But Tony’s already fast asleep, his body curled up into a ball in the middle of the bed and arms wrapped tight around his torso, an unconscious gesture of shielding his arc reactor. From what, the engineer doesn’t know.
“Nope, no can do. This is the best option we have, J. I’m not gonna risk any more lives being lost, not when we can do something about it.”
Steve lightly nudges him, and he waits until Tony lifts his head to meet his eyes before he says, “You know you can talk to me, right? About anything.”
? For a second, the super soldier didn’t know who to be jealous of more — his teammate or his teammate’s sentient weapon?
Steve looks slightly amused when he says, “Because Bruce crashed into my room instead of his, and I didn’t wanna bring out the Other Guy so I just. Decided to sleep here.”
“Thank you,” Steve utters gratefully, and for the first time since Tony woke up almost two hours ago, he feels the tightening in his chest start to uncoil. The pressing weight is still there, but not as profound compared to earlier, and at least he’s breathing a little better now. Several minutes pass before Steve turns on his side, and he curls into a ball as he softly utters, “Good night, JARVIS.”
“Yeah, well, I haven’t been sleeping much,” Tony grumbles under his breath, but he does as he’s told and slowly makes his way to his bedroom, heedful of his still tender ribs and tired muscles.
Truly, Mjölnir has developed a soft spot for the brilliant man. With the way Mjölnir reacts whenever Tony is in the vicinity is telling enough. It is not evident to the others, of course, for they don’t possess ability to sense these things, but it never fails to bring joy to Thor to observe the minute vibration and tiny sparks of lightning his dear hammer emits every time she senses his friend.
“We’re almost clear here, too,” Steve responds, followed by a grunt and the clang of his vibranium shield hitting its target.
Tony hesitates for a second, but he eventually utters, “I guess. My chest did hurt from the impact, though. But yeah, that’s it.” He adds with another shrug.
Before anyone can say anything, they hear Rhodey’s voice come in from the speakers of Pepper’s StarkPhone.
“Screw professionalism, Steve. You can be all Captain Righteous to Fury and the general public for all we care, but that front won’t work with us.”
One moment, the creature is talking and is raising the weapon. And the next, it’s lying on the ground with a gaping hole on its chest.
“Well, I was a lot worse when I didn’t have the Other Guy,” Bruce admits with a shrug. “Sometimes, I wonder if I didn’t get hit by that radiation I would eventually die due to liver failure. But lo and behold.”
“Sure, no problem-o.” Steve quietly sighs in relief when he feels Tony move away, however he can’t help but instantly miss the close proximity with the other man.
Tony is?” Bruce asks mildly. “He’s asleep. In his bed. The most he can do is sleepwalk, and according to JARVIS he doesn’t do that either.”
He doesn’t have to see the grin on Thor’s face when the Asgardian proclaims, “Not at all, my friend!”
Still at a loss of how he ended up where he’s currently at, and still unable to see what’s ahead of him, Tony decides to continue walking. He does so at a slow pace, sometimes extending his arms out to balance himself when he starts to get dizzy due to the lack of light, feeling like he’s about to topple over and fall on his ass.
“I was wondering,” he starts nervously. “I mean, that is if you’re interested. You can say no, of course, and I’d completely understand if you’re not — I mean. Uh, do you wanna have dinner with— with me? Sometime this week? Or whenever your schedule allows. But, yeah. Dinner? Just us?”
“Tony, oh Tony,” Steve mutters fervently as he buries his nose in Tony’s hair and inhales deeply. “God, you were
“Not a chance in hell,” Clint answers with a shit-eating grin as he scrolls through his Twitter feed using the latest StarkPhone. “Give it a couple more weeks. Or months.”
Steve has found himself part of a dysfunctional team who, despite their differences and shortcomings, somehow complement one another. They fill in each other’s gaps, all six of them. It’s certainly not like how it was with the Howling Commandos, no, but Steve still believes that the bond the Avengers formed following the failed alien invasion is just as special.
Steve thinks what he said wasn’t funny at all, but considering that they’ve been drinking for at least five hours now, and taking into account the fact that a drunk Tony is a happy Tony, it stands to reason that anything anyone could say at this point would be greeted with laughter by the genius.
“This is very unusual,” Bruce begins, brows furrowed in deep thought. Upon seeing Steve’s conflicted expression, he elaborates. “A normal person’s heart rate during sleep is between 40-50bpm. Tony’s heart rate, on the other hand, is at 105bpm.”
“Anyway,” Steve starts after clearing his throat a second time. “I’ll stay here and wait ‘till you’re done with whatever you’re doing. The others have ordered dinner, and since JARVIS informed me —
Tony has a wide array of smiles that Steve’s taken note of over the years. And the smile that Tony’s sporting right now is one that he’s only ever used for Steve, and Steve alone.
Bruce frowns to himself and thinks that there must be more to this. Tony’s a scientist, after all. He wouldn’t just brush the whole thing off for no reason, consequences be damned. So whatever happened the first time he wielded Mjölnir in Clint’s presence, it must’ve been something big to even freak him out of experimenting on the hammer. In the name of science, of course.
When Steve reaches Tony’s side a few minutes later, the engineer grins widely at the still-blushing man as he spreads his arms out wide.
“J said there are no internal injuries except for a femoral shaft fracture,” Tony relays, and Natasha’s gaze must’ve turned murderous because he winces and adds in a guilt-laden voice, “I’m sorry. I should’ve been faster.”
Tony shifts slightly in his seat, ankles crossed and hands curled together in his lap. He can’t believe it’s taken him this long to put a name to that
Everyone does as they’re told with no questions asked, Thor’s booming voice promising destruction upon their foe. Tony’s jogging soon turns into a full sprint after he glimpses at least three Leviathans coming through the portal, the last one entering the largest he’s ever seen and it’s clear from the sheer size of it that it’s the mothership. Tony races past upturned poles and jumps over slabs of concrete and burning vehicles when he feels the heat of the Chitauri’s weapons whizzing past him. Berating himself for throwing down the same weapon in favor of running, Tony curses again and proceeds to run in a zig zag pattern.
Steve hummed contentedly. His tongue traced the rim of Tony’s hole and dipped inside. He tasted mostly like lube, but a bit like Steve, too, which gave him an irrational, possessive thrill. He withdrew with a farewell kiss planted directly to Tony’s opening, and replaced his mouth with his cock. “You tell me if it hurts, alright?”
The ship of his dreams was all black and gold with a big white star on the side and NOMAD painted on in tall white letters. Toni’il knew, instantly, he belonged on that ship. It was practically calling to him.
“Okay, Tony,” he said. He kept his fingers perfectly still inside Tony while Tony took deep breaths and staved off his orgasm. His other hand explored Tony’s ass, because how could he not, when Tony was splayed open for him the way he was? He stroked lightly at the skin around Tony’s hole, touching the place where his fingers disappeared into Tony’s body and then investigating his crack, following the curve of his ass up to the base of his spine. He cupped Tony’s ass cheek and gave it a firm squeeze.
Tony could not have said which of them shifted first to press their lips together. He didn’t care. He didn’t care, either, that they both reeked or that they both probably could’ve used some mouthwash or that every move threatened to send pain shooting through Tony’s chest. He was careful, and so was Steve, and for many moments they traded soft kisses back and forth, Tony’s arms winding more tightly around Steve’s neck, as if daring him to try moving away, Steve’s hands slipping under Tony’s shoulder and the back of his head to hold them together more snugly. Tony was perfectly safe and secure, and he had everything he could ever want or need, and he was never moving again, ever.
“Reckless fool,” he muttered. He crouched down before Steve, across from Tony’s unconscious form. “Do you think you can pick him up in that thing?” he asked Steve, briskly.
“Sorry, I blacked out for a minute there,” Tony says, a little hysterically. “I thought I heard you say you wanted to ask me out.”
They were in the outer reaches of Centuri-Six’s atmosphere; he felt the shift as JARVIS adjusted the ship’s internal gravity to make up for the difference.
Their last night on Xandar, Steve’s crew all had dinner together at a local place, sharing a massive pot of stew full of seafood and vegetables that cooked on the table right in front of them. Well, “seafood” wasn’t quite right. “Tank food” would be the more accurate term, as Xandar had small lakes and fish farms but no oceans or seas, not anymore. Steve tried to shut that thought out and enjoy the meal.
“I didn’t know you were interested in, um, men,” Steve says clumsily. “That’s— I guess they might’ve got it wrong on the news, but—”
After the best night of Steve’s life, which had been followed by the best shower of Steve’s life, Steve changed the sheets and bundled Tony back into bed. They could skip breakfast; Tony did most of the time, and Steve didn’t need to eat yet, not if waiting til lunch gave him a few more hours to be alone with Tony.
Tony shuffled forward. Steve twitched to stop him, but he was out of reach before Steve could decide whether to try moving and risk getting blasted by some trigger-happy recruit.
When they woke, they were sticky and disgusting and the sheets beneath them were drying stiff and crusty from their earlier activities. The time on Tony’s clock told him they’d slept through the evening and into the very early morning. Tony would’ve been happy to strip the sheets off and sleep on the bare mattress until a more reasonable hour, but Steve dragged them both into the bathroom to shower.
Sam groaned in dismay. Natasha was blank-faced, but the stiffness of her hands on the table betrayed her thoughts – to Steve, at least. Bruce folded his arms and hunched into himself.
Steve was a soldier, but half his crew were civilians; they were not a troop and they would not be going to war. There were other things they could do instead. When they weren’t focused on basic survival and keeping the ship intact, they trailed along in the Kree’s wake, helping where they could. Humans were Kree allies. Steve and his crew were not.
The warning throws him off guard, and he doesn’t react quick enough as the knife plunges into him from behind, protruding out the other side of his abdomen.
He could hear Tony panting over the phone, his heavy breathing accompanied by the frantic, wet slapping of flesh on flesh.
Steve knew this would come up eventually. Bucky was on medical leave and he quit bussing tables a few weeks ago, it made sense for him to wonder how they were still in the green, considering they only ever skirted past it before.
Tony takes another swig of coffee before cutting the silence. “You didn’t really come all this way just to suck my dick, right?”
but the reality of it was…. Honestly a little underwhelming. Not underwhelming in the sense that the sex had been bad, oh no. The sex -- or at least what they’d gotten to before he passed out—had been fantastic. His body still tingled in the places Tony had touched him, echoes of last night’s pleasures. Steve wasn’t a stranger to good sex, especially given his current profession, but last night was something else entirely. Tony Stark was an extremely talented and considerate lover, probably the best Steve had ever experienced.
“You’re meeting Shellhead to hang out. On your day off. Just you and him.” He listed, as if going through some mental checklist of the defining points of a date. “It’s 100% a date.”
Steve smiled sleepily, pressing back against the warm body. All this sex the last few months had been great, but it wasn’t exactly customary for actors to cuddle in the afterglow and Steve was an affectionate creature by design, so it was nice to finally some snuggling.
On the not so good days, he would let Steve come down to his workshop while he tinkered. Barely anyone was allowed down here – Pepper, Rhodey, sometimes Bruce -- and never of their own volition, but Tony was tired of seeing Steve look like someone had stolen his puppy on Christmas morning so he’d given him the access codes with a free invitation to come whenever he liked. Steve just needed someone to keep him company, and honestly, he enjoyed having him there more than he allowed himself to realize.
The machine was…strange to say the least. Its metal pole made the silicone feel sort of stiff and foreign inside of him, and the diameter of the was a bit thicker than what he was used to but not too much so where it actually hurt, it was just uncomfortable. The thing felt more like what he imagined getting abducted by aliens would feel like, except somehow less arousing.
Tony switched out his usual colour lenses for a simple pair of thick, black rimmed glasses with clear lenses.
Steve frowned, but stood his ground. When the two heroes clashed, it was the visual representation of an immovable object meeting an unstoppable force.
“I’m fine.” Bucky hissed, body tense and rigid in defense before his shoulders slumped and he left the spoon sticking up in the ravioli to run a hand through his loose, messy hair. “I’m just…still getting used to this, that’s it. I’ll be okay.” He added in a more reassuring tone.
Obviously Stane didn’t appreciate the company’s drastic image change. He’d been trying to convince Tony to sign over the company for years now, but Tony wasn’t budging. Producing porn was a far more honourable career path than making weapons that killed innocent people.
“Fucking aliens. The world was so much easier when we thought we were alone in the universe.” Clint muttered, folding his fingers together and stretched his arms out over his head.
“That relic is the Eternity Forge. Its power can be used to bring life to the dead.” The Empress began, boring down on his with her cold gaze. “You will tell me how to use it.”
Tony scoffed and flew away from the thrashing beast, hovering above ground. “Yeah, that’s boring. I’m going with my plan.” He said, and propelled himself towards one of the park warehouses in search of explosives.
Of course just about everyone here only knew his name through his father, and for the most part they all had wonderful things to say, aside from the occasional man fussing about how Howard Stark would steal all the girls’ attention back in the day with his fancy flyin’ machines. It almost made him wish that he could have known the Howard Stark that so many people respected instead of the lowlife father who didn’t give a shit about his kid.
Tony knows that it’s probably not the brightest idea to stay on a collapsing airship that’s suspended in air with an angry Hulk on the loose. Not if he wants to get out of here with all his bones intact, or alive for that matter, but it’s not like he's got a whole lot of options here.
“Oh yeah?” Bucky cut him off before he could rattle off any excuses. “The same way you were gonna tell me about your little Cam boy business?”
It’s strange how hugging this man felt weirder than having sex with him, though Steve wondered if that may be because he was naked and still had come on his face.
Tony shrugged his shoulders. “It’s not that I thought you were homophobic, just that, you know, people back in the day weren’t really so accepting of people who were different. God knows my dad had his prejudices.” Tony admitted with a scoff.
Tony Stark is a grown ass man and yet here he is, acting like a love-struck teenager because Captain America likes hanging out with him. Geez, what has he become?
Steve ripped the door off of a car when they opened fire, lunging for Tony’s wrist and pulled him behind the sheet of metal as the bullets ricocheted off of the frame. “Are you sure taunting him is the best idea when you’re armor-less and I don’t have my shield?” He said, holding the car door like he would his shield, but it wasn’t made of vibranium alloy, and these weren’t your run of the mill ammunition.
Tony steadily walked down the long, straight corridor, being escorted by these strange creatures that called themselves the Kree. The genius was a bit surprised that they hadn’t bound his hands, but he supposed that they hardly considered him a threat without the suit.
He peeled the bandages from his hands, which were sore and throbbing after pummeling a 100 lbs punching bag, and tossed them into his gym bag. Filming would start again in a couple hours, so he should probably think about getting ready. Steve took his things and moved into the locker room, peeling the soaked athletic gear off of his body before stepping into the shower stall, letting out a content sigh at the fall of hot water cascading over his tired muscles.
He vaguely wonders who the hell would be calling Tony this early when fingers grasp at his chin, pulling his attention back to searing brown eyes.
He pressed his hips into the bed as he felt the slick muscle slide against his hole, licking its way inside of him. He’d never had anyone’s tongue down there before, never thought he wanted that, but Tony knew just how to curl his tongue in a way that made Steve’s brain turn to mush.
“I’m sorry,” Steve mumbled again. He swallowed hard. “You scared me. You wouldn’t get back in the ship, and you were getting shot at and I couldn’t do anything to help you. I— I hated it.”
The room did not, however, contain Tony. So Steve spent his nights squeezed into the little cot next to his soulmate and thanked every deity he’d ever even heard of for granting him the privilege.
It’s that thought that relaxes him, gives him the courage to pull Tony back into his arms as soon as they’re settled in Steve’s living room. This time Tony doesn’t miss a beat. He curls against Steve’s chest and bickers with him about what to watch as if nothing at all has changed.
“No to the three-headed sand eel?” Tony said, swapping their bowls. “Here. I put mostly fish in mine.”
He did not fail to notice the enhancements: the body looked right, but his strength was abnormal, his healing rate was absurd, and his senses were almost overwhelmingly sharp until he got used to it all. They’d turned him into their perfect soldier.
He had a weary smile ready for his crew when he joined them in the kitchen. Surveying their faces, his heart eased a little bit. These were his family:
The warships were joining together in the air, reshaping themselves into something new. The process was incredibly, painfully loud, with metal grinding and creaking, and engines roaring, and pieces slamming into place.
Steve told himself, and wound his arms around the armor’s neck, pressing himself tightly to Tony’s side so he could survey the battle scene without falling off.
He was still very conscious of Tony’s wrapped ribs, the bruises just starting to show on his arms and legs. He pushed lightly at Tony’s shoulder, urging him to lie down, and removed Tony’s shoes and pants himself. He touched the delicate bones of Tony’s ankles as he set each leg back down, and ran his fingers up to his kneecaps, up to his strong thighs, which Steve parted.
“We can’t go without Tony,” Steve said, urgently. Tony spun like a corkscrew in mid-air to avoid a blast that nearly caught him in the chest. Steve’s heart lurched. Tony was going for the one ship that had elected to follow them. He landed on the window, gave the pilot a jaunty wave, and planted one of his little devices right on the glass.
“When the time comes,” he said, “we’ll need our best soldiers. Soldiers from a harder time. Soldiers who know they’re citizens of Earth before they’re citizens of the Intergalactic Federation.”
“Maybe if we ignore them they’ll go away,” Tony whispered. His hand smoothed up Steve’s back and hooked around his shoulder. He nuzzled close to kiss at the corner of Steve’s mouth, teasingly, until Steve turned his face and caught Tony’s lips with his. When he pulled away, the sight that greeted him was breathtaking: Tony’s long lashes fluttering open, the dark pools of his eyes looking up at Steve trustingly, his full lips parted and awaiting more kisses, his still-damp hair starting to curl. Steve traced a finger over his eyebrow, his cheekbone, his bottom lip. His hand found its way into Tony’s hair and he drew him in, already missing his taste. Steve had wasted
Steve put up his shield and tugged Natasha close into his side. Beside him, the Stark soldiers held up their own defenses, and he saw Sam take cover with them.
The merchant shrugged. “There’s no law against ignorance. Besides, Queen Peatra has bigger things on her mind today. We all do.”
a machine, Cap,” he said. “Doesn’t matter what it’s made of as long as it runs.” He turned to Peter. “You have something to write with? I can show you how I did it—”
The Kree leapt out of the ships before they ever touched down, jumping from incredible heights and pouring to the ground, grayish-greenish blue like a stream of contaminated water.
His gloved fingers slipped on the edges of the faceplate. He tore them off so that he could dig his nails into the seam of the helmet and force it open.  His own breathing was so loud he could hardly think over it; blood pounded in his ears, and he had to blink sweat out of his eyes.
He looked over his shoulder. There was Natasha, making a running jump into the ship. Behind her was Sam, Tony gripping him by the hand and helping him swing inside.
Steve had turned on the shower and paused outside it to remove the one article of clothing he’d left on last night: his black armband. Tony was so used to the sight of it he had forgotten it was there.
They leaned against each other as the dome opened again, filling the world with starlight. Every place where Steve’s skin touched Tony’s was buzzing with warmth, was alive with joy. Steve left his sketchbook alone for a while, and rested his head on Tony’s shoulder to watch his hands pick deftly at the innards of his project. His palms were a paler blue than the rest of his skin, the lines as fine as silk thread. The tiny scars he’d accumulated from years of hard work were whiteish and slightly raised. Other than that, the deep-sea blue of his complexion was unbroken: from his carefully maintained nails, up the ridges of his knuckles, under the smattering of dark hair on his forearms, and over the muscles of his upper arms disappearing into his sleeves. Steve reached out absently, when Tony paused for a moment, to stroke a finger over one of those little scars. Tony held his breath. Steve’s finger rubbed at the scar until he thought he had it memorized— until he’d have been able to recognize that precise scar even with his eyes closed just by the way it felt. Then he used his other hand to turn Tony’s over. His fingers continued their exploration, tracing the lines of his palm and the veins on the back and finding all his other scars, mapping out the geography of Tony’s right hand as diligently as any cartographer.
“You just got away from a war,” said Tony. “And the suit is a weapon. I thought it wouldn’t be welcome.”
“I didn’t get to be over seven hundred years old by accident,” Steve reminded him wryly. “I know what I’m doing, and I can take care of myself.”
He did. He crept out under the cover of darkness through the network of underground tunnels that ran from the palace to the city. He kept the hood of his cloak pulled up. He had no kohl around his eyes, or the painted, swirling marks over his cheeks and arms that would have marked him as royalty; his lack of embellishment would be disguise enough, he hoped. Especially since most citizens were used to seeing him on a raised platform or carriage, not up close, walking among them.
“Oh,” Steve mumbled. His thumb rubbed at Tony’s tight hole until the muscle relaxed enough for Steve to slip it inside to the first knuckle. “Your ass is perfect.”
The Stark gave him exactly the sort of arrogant smirk that was guaranteed to make Steve’s blood boil.
“I’ve never been here before,” Steve had said. “Don’t want to cause offense by saying something ignorant.”
and not like the hot-headed, self-absorbed stowaway we found in the engine room. Was I wrong to believe you?”
Steve stared at him. “Why did you really call me in here, sir? You said you wanted me to take a break.”
After their plates were cleared and they’d paid, they split off. Janet and Nat were having one of their “girls’ nights,” the exact nature of which was a mystery to Steve. Sam was dragging Bruce and Peter to a sports game.
The Hydra roared. As though responding to a signal, the Kree army raised their weapons and attacked as one. While the Kree surged up against Stark’s assembled ranks, the Hydra swooped heavenward and was met with an air force composed of individual fighter pods, not so different from those used by the Nova Corps.
What drew Steve to the brink of wakefulness was the lightening of the sky. What finished the job was the feeling of Tony’s artificial heart pressed into his chest, likely leaving a circular indent there. Then came the realization that the rest of Tony was also pressed up against him, and, yes, Steve was awake.
would be lucky to have you. But I need to know. Are there any more secrets? The suit, the… royalty… is there anything else?”
“I’ll leave you to your work, then,” he says. His face feels so hot he’s surprised the skin doesn’t melt off. God. He’ll have to apologize to Tony later. Maybe in a month or so when he can look him in the eye again.
His second body was nearly sixty before he’d been trained to their satisfaction, and once he had earned back all his stripes, they had the third body ready and waiting for him.
(He would add Tony to the cooking roster eventually. It was only fair. But Tony needed more lessons first. Many, many more. From Steve only.)
Tony directed them to orbit Stark until he could tap into a friend’s comm line and find a safe, hidden place for them to land. This “friend,” whom Steve discerned was a high-ranking officer in Stark’s air force, helped Tony conceal the Nomad’s signal so that it could touch down without anyone noticing.
The trolley stopped. Tony pulled out flashlights and pointed his beam at a sign posted at the start of a much narrower trail. It bore an arrow and the words: OBSERVATION POINT 500 KEPS.
Iron Man dodged snapping jaws, dove to avoid the lashing tail, and alighted at last on the Hydra’s head. He planted one of his miniature bombs on its crown and then launched himself away. He was up among the clouds when the device exploded; the Hydra’s head jolted to the side, its long neck swaying, and it made a wobbly spiral to land, hard, on the ground. Its two severed necks dragged in the dirt. But it kept on its feet. It took a step toward the palace. The bomb had weakened it, but had not stopped it.
And now Tony has that slight unhappy furrow in his brow. Steve wants to change the subject, tell him about his mission, say something to make him laugh. Forget all about this.
“You don’t have to, sweetheart,” he said. “I can get myself off. God, just looking at you like this—”
Steve turned. Tony had unearthed the contents of his bag, which included several blankets, an assortment of snacks and water bottles, Steve’s sketchbook and pencils, and a small toolbox alongside one of Tony’s miniature robot projects.
So he said, “Okay,” with a sheepish smile, and relaxed against his pillows. Steve sat back as Yiein examined him, and Tony peppered his old friend with questions about everything that had happened in his absence.
“You weren’t devastated because your husband isn’t dead,” Natasha said, giving voice to the suspicions that had been growing in the recesses of Steve’s mind.
So Steve gave the go-ahead, Sam and JARVIS charted a course to Centuri-Six, Jan followed their instructions, and before long they were landing. Tony and Peter ran into town to pick up what they needed. They returned as fast as promised and set about fixing the ship.
“It’s not. But it’s what you’re getting now,” said Tony. “All you need to know is that I can’t be seen. People can’t know I’m back. That’s why we’re doing all this.”
“If they’re warned, they’ll be prepared to deescalate the situation,” he told Tony, gently. “They’ll explain that you were working alone and that you don’t represent them.”
But they didn’t. Set foot on the ground, that is. Because as soon as Steve and his crew appeared in the threshold, they were greeted by a phalanx of Nova warriors, blasters charged and humming and pointed right in Steve’s face, a host of their golden, cross-shaped sky fighters looming over the Nomad.
“I know.” He secured his arms around Tony’s waist and pressed his cold nose into Tony’s cheek, startling a laugh out of him.
“You’re one of the best men I’ve ever met. Even if you weren’t my soulmate, this crew would be lucky to have you.
Tony flashed the false ID he’d used on Xandar. “We won’t need to ‘find’ anything,” he said. “We have the Links to get any part we need, as fast as we need it. We’ll be off Centuri-Six before dinnertime.”
using you, me, Nat, Jan, and Bruce,” said Sam. “And Peter is this big-shot politician’s kid, and, uh, he’s not happy his son is missing.”
“Children are being born, right now, who will never know a world where aliens only existed in stories,” Fury had said. “One day, there won’t be anyone left alive from a time when humans were the only intelligent lifeform in the known galaxy.”
He kept his fingers occupied, loosening Tony up and learning what he liked. With his free hand, he tended to every part of Tony he planned to kiss later. He reached up as much as he could to stroke his chest, touching the scars around his artificial heart and rubbing soothingly at Tony’s stiff, dark nipples. He was careful around Tony’s bandaged ribs, skimming over them lightly, but he rested a palm flat on Tony’s stomach – which tensed and jumped under his touch – and petted down the line of his hair to the wiry curls at the base of his cock. He traced the thick vein on the underside of Tony’s erection, imagining how it would feel to follow that path with his tongue. But there would be time for that later. For now, he pressed down on the spot between Tony’s balls and his hole, making Tony swear and his hips jerk, thrusting at the air. So he lingered there, rubbing firmly at Tony’s perineum while his fingers did the same from inside him, and Tony rode his fingers beautifully, his hips gyrating desperately atop Steve and his moans filling Steve’s head like music.
“What are the other—?” Tony started, but the words died into a groan as Steve replaced his thumb with his index finger and buried it all the way to the knuckle. Tony’s ass clenched around the intrusion, and Steve’s cock gave a jealous throb. He gave Tony a moment to recover, thrusting his finger shallowly in and out so he could stroke Tony’s inner walls. Then he added a second finger, and a third, watching avidly as Tony’s hole stretched tight around the digits.
Steve pulled away just enough to turn Tony in his arms. “I’m listening,” he said, when they were face to face.
“I’ve got you, Tony,” he said, and Tony was gone, his mouth open in a soundless moan, his cock pulsing in Steve’s hand as he spilled over Steve’s chest.
“Ah.” Steve shuffles his feet a little awkwardly as silence descends upon them. Then, remembering his purpose for going down in the first place, he perks and addresses the engineer once more. “I’m gonna make some hot cocoa. Would you like some?”
Taking out the ingredients from the corresponding cupboards, Steve moves fluidly as he fills the saucepan with low-fat milk and turns the stove on to start heating it. Next, he measures a few tablespoons of cocoa powder and then adds it into the saucepan. Then, he adds a tablespoon of sugar, a dash of salt, and lastly a half teaspoon of vanilla extract before he starts stirring the ingredients together. All the while, Steve is cognizant of Tony’s presence behind him, the engineer leaning against a counter as he silently observes Steve make their drink.
Knowing that Steve’s just humoring him, Tony rolls his eyes before he breaks out into a yawn. He covers his mouth with one hand, and he nearly gags when he accidentally smells his breath.
Suddenly, a memory from a few weeks ago comes to the forefront of Steve’s mind, and he can’t help the sudden intake of breath he takes, calling the attention of his fellow teammates.
This time, Tony looks pensive as he considers his next words. “I think it does. Among other things, I mean.”
They’re quiet again after that, both of them facing the other with a hip leaning against the counter as they continue to sip their drinks. Unsurprisingly, Steve is the first to finish off his, but he waits for Tony to drain his mug before he takes it from the engineer’s hands. When his fingers accidentally brush against Tony’s, Steve jerks in surprise and he almost drops the mug because
Perched comfortably on one of the stools in the kitchen island, Clint’s in the middle of pouring a hefty amount of Lucky Charms into an equally huge bowl when his sensitive ears pick up the familiar footsteps of their resident genius. The archer looks up when Tony comes in, blearily making his way towards the coffee machine.
“Yes. It’s a two-step authentication Tony developed a while back. If JARVIS is disabled and something happens to Tony and he’s unable to get access to do it himself, it’s only Rhodey and I
“It is perfectly fine, Tony, there is no need to apologize,” Jarvis says gently. To prove his point, the Brit lifts a hand to squeeze Tony’s shoulder as if in reassurance, completely missing the way Tony stiffens slightly under his grip. “After all, I’m here to help you reach your destination, and where we are headed will answer all your burgeoning questions.”
“Sir is currently asleep in the living room of his suite,” JARVIS explains as Steve sets his sketchbook aside and gets up from bed to wash his smudged hands. “However, he’s fallen from the couch from tossing and turning. Further scanning indicates that he’s experiencing a nightmare, although his body temperature is also worrisome.”
, he scolds himself. It’s the nerves, alright. He’s practiced and practiced until his fingers cramped and his voice turned hoarse, but in the end Tony’s somewhat satisfied with the progress he’s made in less than forty-eight hours. He’s nervous as fuck, but chances are it’s more to do with the fact that
He’s confused at first as to how he ended up in his bedroom. Shaking off the cobwebs in his head, he distantly remembers soothing hands and soft lips.
Still, it’s great to see the genius take some time off of his busy schedule to attend a party that he wasn’t really obligated to attend, yet he still chose to come because it’s a farewell party for one of Stark Industries’ best R&D Engineers. Tony may be one of the busiest, if not
In fact, the next song the physicist requested JARVIS to play ends up breaking the impromptu lesson when Steve sees Tony’s face light up when a ukulele starts to play across the room.
From Steve’s peripheral vision, Pepper purses her lips, looking amused. Natasha smirks while Thor chuckles, and Clint continues to grin that shit-eating grin.
Natasha, for once, does her best to stay still as JARVIS does his scanning through Iron Man’s sensors. After a few seconds, she hears Tony hum as the AI relays the diagnosis to him via their private channel.
. Still, he doesn’t say anything as he sets the dirty mugs in the sink, aware of Tony’s eyes boring into the back of his head.
“You guys really aren’t mad?” Tony whispers, curious, his hushed tone meant only for the super soldier’s ears.
“Right away, Doctor Banner,” JARVIS answers, and there’s no denying the thrill in the AI’s voice this time.
Tony makes a cutting motion towards the nearest camera and he lets out a sigh of relief when JARVIS disconnects the call. Too exhausted to stand up and make the short walk to his bedroom, Tony makes himself comfortable, head resting on a cushion at the arm of the couch. He adjusts his position a few times, ensuring the woolen blanket is wrapped snugly around his body before he closes his eyes and lets out a deep sigh.
He feels Steve smile against his lips, and Tony doesn’t hesitate to open his mouth for Steve to press his tongue against his.
“Steeeeeve!” Tony whines, and Steve snorts at the childish pout on his face. It should be a crime to look that adorable, damn it. “Alright, fine. I know the owner and I may or may not have been there a couple of times around this time.”
The same creature from when Tony was hit, Steve repeats in his head with dread settling in the pit of his stomach.
Which is why he’s disheartened when he realized that the eccentric mortal completely fails to grasp the importance of this feat. Thus, Thor has taken it upon himself to create opportunities wherein he can leave Mjölnir whenever Tony is not in his workshop or penthouse, giving his friend the chance to better acquaint himself with Mjölnir. Fortunately, he also had the full support of his dear hammer and JARVIS, so the Asgardian was able to carry out his plan to near perfection.
“Hulk smash good!” Hulk roars in agreement before the sound of metal crushing and whining is heard, followed by the resounding collision of the Leviathan landing on the ruined pavement.
Tony forces himself to open one eye, sees that Steve’s eyes are already closed, but there’s a fond smile etched on the blond man’s face. His heart skips a beat, and Tony shuts his eye again as he slowly breathes out.
“How’re you guys holding up? I’m almost clear here,” Tony announces, surprised to find his voice raspy.
Tony Stark is many things, but being worthy of wielding a powerful weapon created for a god is not one of them.
because God knows how much Tony detests those kind of statements. Gives the engineer the hives and all that.
Tony feels his face grow warm, eyes crinkling at how wide he’s smiling now, but he nips Steve’s lower lip and mutters back, “Sure, honey. Looking forward to it.”
“The quinjet is less than three minutes away, sir,” JARVIS answers. “Mark 35 is incoming in thirty seconds.”
A few years later, Steve hears those two songs again in separate occasions, and he finds himself reliving that night both times.
“Tony, are you okay? You’re worrying me a bit here,” Steve asks, trailing his hand from Tony’s elbow to his forearm and squeezing it lightly.
“A portal has opened near the Empire State Building and further scanning from our satellites indicate that one Leviathan has passed through,” JARVIS responds promptly.
At this point, the rest of the team are looking at Tony, concern visible on their faces as they silently, patiently, wait for Tony to speak. From the corner of his eye, he sees Clint lower the volume of the TV until it’s a low, buzzing sound, and for some reason that gesture melts something in the engineer.
It actually looks pretty cool. Who would’ve thought that a team of superheroes can also be competent when it comes to party planning? Definitely not him.
Well, Tony’s thought long and hard (he-he) about it, alright, and he’s gonna stick by his decision. With a deep breath, he steadies himself before repeating the song once more. With less than two days until the party,Tony feels a tendril of panic go through him at the lack of time he has to practice. Thankfully, he can also learn by ear instead of reading notes, but regardless of that tidbit, he wants his performance to be flawless.
He’s disappointed, yeah, but he understands that running a multibillion-dollar porn company takes a lot of time and effort. Despite the jokes that get thrown around the studio, Tony works damn hard, so Steve’s not going to get his feelings hurt over something like this. Even if his dick feels betrayed.
You'd figure someone who made as much money as he did, he could hire a night staff to take care of all this extra paperwork, but alas he couldn’t let every employee forge his signature and Pepper already had her hands tied with marketing so he took in the task.
Steve hesitated for a moment, but Tony sounded fine, and if any one of their team had gotten hurt he’s certain that Coulson would have alerted him immediately. “Yeah, no problem. I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
Tony shrugged his shoulders and grabbed for the menu, screening through its contents. “Honestly, neither am I. But my investment brokers love to be waited on.” He muttered, reading through the lunch options.
“Then why the change of heart? You two got along like baking soda and vinegar, what made you change your mind about him?”
The rest of the night was a conglomeration of eating, drinking and lots of X-rated party games that only a group of people who spent a lot of time naked in each other’s presence would feel comfortable playing. Eventually everyone went their separate ways, but Tony offered to give him a ride home, showing off one of his (apparently of many) designer sports cars.
“One of our housekeepers – Sonia I think? Samantha? Something with an ‘S’. Anyway, this girl was twice my age, but damn, was she smoking hot. Tiny waist, round ass, perky – sorry, right. Details.” He muttered with an impish smirk when Steve cleared his throat. “Anyway, you get my point. I knew she was flirting from the moment she started working. She crept into my room one night, and bam. The beginning of history.”
Almost forgetting about the folder in his hand, Steve startled. “Oh, right.” He said, handing her the files. “STI screen, drug screen, criminal records check…it's all there.”
The screen suddenly stopped to show two men in the crowd. They seemed to notice that they were on the big flashy screen they laughed, and one of them leaned over to pull the other into a kiss and he could hear the crowd cheer and wold whistle.
Steve furiously shook his head and leaned forward just the slightest, feeling sick to his stomach. “She remembered me, but then it’s like…it’s like she reset.” He explained, and caught the guilty look that crossed Tony’s face.
Okay, so maybe moving was not completely effortless, and the contraption wasn’t exactly inconspicuous with its titanium alloy and stainless steel rings and bars, but it was his first prototype and it definitely beat having to walk around with big, wooden crutches under his arms, or have someone carry him everywhere. The splint was definitely enough for Dr. Cho, who actually seemed mildly impressed by his invention.
With a heavy sigh the genius waved his white flag and straddled the bike, wrapping his arms around Steve’s middle, and leaned into his back as they took off towards the tower.
“Tony, Steve isn’t some big shot news reporter or Victoria’s secret model. He’s Captain America.” She explained, as if that bit
“Miss Potts.” He acknowledged, instinctively moving the towel to cover himself. She probably saw more nude men on a daily basis than a doctor, but porn actor or not Steve was still a modest guy.
This time Steve didn’t freeze up, pulling the navy blue wool over his head. He wasn’t quite sure where to set it down so he quickly folded the fabric and gently put it on the floor where it would be out of sight.
“So, is hanging out with me as bad as you thought it would be?” Steve asked, his mouth slightly red from sucking on the popsicle.
Steve felt his cheeks heat up at the subtle admiration. “Oh, well I don’t know about that. Everyone here looks like they bring in an audience. I mean, look at Thor.” He said, pointing his chin over to where the other blond was flexing his biceps for a group of interns, still not bothering to put any clothes on.
Steve rolled out of the line of fire and flung his shield, hitting each of the turrets with focused precision, ending the battle simulation. Once that was over he reached into his pocket, having barely worked up a sweat.
“Maybe I do.” He spits back, encroaching on Steve’s personal space. “What are you gonna do about it if I do? Go cry to daddy like some snot nosed brat?” He hissed, getting in the blond’s face.
He always went on about how you were the greatest thing the earth had ever seen, how you would win the war, and you turned out to be so...” He trailed off, shaking his head and making a waving gesture with his hand.
For once he wasn’t dressed like an outdated grandpa in khakis and a drab pastel shirt, which Tony appreciated because there was no way that he would be seen in public with anyone who dressed like they were still in the 1940s.
Tony tuts, pressing against his prostate once again while his thumb brushes against the sensitive skin right behind Steve’s balls, making him gasp sharply at the blissful shock.
“Less damage than if we followed your plan and kept firing useless attacks at it.” Tony shot back, assuming a defensive position.
Tony was about to reply with some witty response about this being an elaborate ruse to get him to play nice with the team, but he was cut off by the sound of terrorized screaming.
Steve noticed him lounging on top of the sport’s car and decided to join in, hoisting his body up carefully to avoid putting a dent in the billionaire’s expensive ride. The last thing they needed to ruin the moment was Steve accidentally crush Tony’s beautiful car. Even though Tony was practically made of money and could easily purchase another car without so much as a dent to his net worth, Steve doubted he’d be happy about it.
He brushed one hand through his sweaty hair, the other going down to gently nestle atop Tony’s head, small little hums of pleasure slipping through his barely parted lips as he watched Tony’s jaw working him open.
He glanced down at their son, who’s eyes where fixed on his father, wide circles of pure adoration. He smiled, looking back down at the toy in his hand and gave the bear a squeeze, remembering all the lonely days and nights where this little guy was there to keep him company.
“So, Steve.” The CEO begins, not making any attempt to hide his obvious ogling of the younger man’s body. “I’m not going to ask why you want to join our team, I think we both know the answer to that, so instead I’m just going to skip to the juicier questions. What turns you on?”
Tony tried to seem impressive by spewing out any facts about the art that he could remember from Pepper trying to get him to sign off on the art pieces she procured. Come to think of it, he wasn’t actually sure if his retellings were true or total bullshit but it’s not like Steve was going to fact check him.
Tony held his ground as he entered the space next to Steve, looking ready to step between them if he needed to, his stance firm and authoritative. “Yes I am, now get the hell out before I call the po--"
He grabbed his friend by the shoulders and dragged him out of the building. Bucky struggled at first, but then reality seemed to slowly sink back in as he realized he’d just assaulted a man and he let himself be dragged out without a fight.
“You are going to take the rest of your clothes off, and then I’m going to bend you over this desk and fuck you until you can’t even remember your own name.” He growls, voice silky smooth and rough all at once.
“Which one of you is the man of iron.” She demands, her voice loud and heavily accented in a way that kind of reminds Tony of Dothraki, or some other Game of Thronesian dialect.
Tony shrugged. “It goes with the atmosphere. Women have been subjugated to centuries of repression and now they wanna show off their bodies. Just sit back and enjoy the movement like the rest of us, Cap.” He said, winking at another maid as she passed by their table. She just giggled and offered them a tiny wave before tending to the other patrons.
She crooned, pressing her fingers against Steve’s lips. Steve parted his lips with a small moan, inviting Natasha’s fingers into his mouth, tasting his own seed.
Steve wiped his hand on the previously discarded that still desperately clung to the bench so he could hold his phone in his hand again without feeling too gross about it.
Steve couldn’t help but wonder if he’d be old and fragile now if he hadn’t fallen in the ice. Or if he’d even still be alive. “So how was it? After the war.” He asked her.
Natasha said, touching her fingertips to Steve’s abdomen, black fingernails dragging against the vibrant red, leaving pale scratched in their wake.
“I’m not going to answer that.” Tony responded with pursed lips before adding “But the Stark name does have a certain standard to uphold. The viewers want sexy torture, not
Tony considered himself an expert on decoding the subtle intricacies of flirting, but somehow having Steve literally spell it out to him that he wanted to date him was the part he had trouble wrapping his brain around. Steve was righteous, chivalrous, and generally a good guy. Sure, he had a few hang ups. As much as people liked to think Steve Rogers was perfect, he was a bit rash and stubborn when he wanted to be, but on the flawless scale Steve surpassed him by a mile.
“I like to be touched.” He shrugged, feeling encouraged when Mr. Stark hummed in reply. “I’m uh, really sensitive “ He added with a shy laugh.
No one commented when the two walked in, Steve still practically glued to Tony’s side as the brunet hobbled towards the curved bar for a much needed drink.
Hawkeye aimed his arrows at the device, but Doom deflected all of his shots before they even got close.
There was a beat of silence between them, which Tony broke by pointing his chin towards the rundown brownstone and asked with mild disgust “This your place?”
good sex. Maybe Hollywood had overdramatized the trope, or maybe the fact that he worked in the porn industry gave him a free pass to sleep with anyone he worked with, even his boss. Either way, Steve wasn’t complaining.
Steve woke up the next morning warm and pleasantly sore in a big, fluffy bed, completely enveloped in thick, puffy blankets with one of his bare legs bent at the knee and sticking out from the cocoon.
That answer made Tony pause and narrow his eyes, like he was searching the World War II veteran for some sort of ulterior motive. In his experience, people didn’t just want to be his friend without cause. Especially when they’d made it blatantly obvious that they didn’t like him.
Steve glanced at him, head slightly tilted to the side and his grip on the door handle loosening as he settled back in his seat.
Steve nodded his head, slowly tilting his head to look back at Tony. “No, it’s alright. I really appreciate this Tony.”
Steve let out a short laugh. “I think you compensate me enough.” He said, thinking back on his new, lavish income.
Tony offered a smug expression of his own in response. “Who says I need the suit to kick your blue, alien asses.” He said defiantly, putting his fists up by his face and taking up a fighting stance.
So much for the Mark 18, he thought absently. He really needed to come up with some sort of portable energy source for the Iron Man suit, because all of these power malfunctions were really starting to get on his nerves.
“Gimme a minute and I’ll do you.” He slurred tiredly, really starting to feel the beckoning haze of drowsiness from those three glasses of champagne.
Bucky snorted, eyes darting up to look at Steve. “Yeah right. So when did you become Mr. Moneybags?”
He poured the coffee into a red mug with a gold handle, cradling it like a priceless gem with both hands before bringing it to his lips and took a long sip. The hot liquid burned his tongue on the way down but he didn’t care. The self-indulgent super genius tilted his head back, letting out a satisfied groan of pleasure as he felt the much needed caffeine boost.
A few days later, Steve hadn’t really heard much from Tony. Not that that was anything new, he just figured the brunet was busy working on one of his newest projects.
Without thinking he shot up and ran towards reception, Sam instinctively followed at his heels. The front entrance of the building was a large, open space with minimalist decorating, so Steve could easily see the familiar chin-length chestnut hair tied back in a loose ponytail and metal arm peeking through a rolled up sweater from behind the glass panels,
“Yeah, coming.” Or rather not coming, he cursed under his breath, tossing his bedsheets aside in an attempt to locate his pant. “Just uh….give me a second.” He hollered, finally finding the old, worn denim and shoved his legs into them, doing up the zipper but leaving the button open in his haste. He hurried to the door and opened it, seeing his messy haired roommate leaning against the door frame, holding up a mangled can of ravioli in his hand.
“I’m not quite as devout as I used to be, but I try to stay connected to the community.” He said, putting a couple trays of brownies into the oven, switching them for the batch that had just finished baking. “Besides, it’s nice to hang out with people my own age.” He added, turning to Tony with a playful smirk.
Steve pauses mid-zip, contemplating the idea in his head. “You know, I could probably fill in.” He suggests, acting nonchalant.
Steve let out a half hearted moan, trying to act ‘sexy’ while tilting his head back to look up at ceiling with a blank expression. Apparently his efforts came of as bored instead of alluring.
Thankfully, Steve must have been aware of Tony’s unfathomable public image, and seemingly made an effort to dress like someone from this century.
“Relax Pep.” Tony sighed, finishing off his cocktail and pushed his barely eaten lunch to the side. “I’m not gonna put the moves on America's sweetheart, no matter how good his ass looks in spandex.” He smirked as he rose from his chair and threw a couple hundred dollar bills on the table like they were a dirty napkin.
Of course watching two guys kissing was probably a huge shock for him. Steve was from a time where being openly gay (or even privately gay) was incredibly frowned upon, not to mention illegal.
Scoffing, Tony gave Pepper an incredulous look. “Sleep with him? Steve?” He gave a loud, throaty laugh, shaking his head at the absurd accusation. “Pep, I think you’ve had a bit too much to drink.”
Steve's hand keeps stroking himself through his climax until his dick is sore from overstimulation, thighs trembling as he drops his feet back onto the floor. Tony gives him a few moments of grace to steady his breathing. A few moments pass in silence between them. For a second, Steve thought Tony might have hung up on him.
As they parted, Tony noticed the flash of horror that crossed over Steve’s face as he swiftly realized what happened.
Steve let his head fall back against the cushions with a long sigh when he felt Tony get back to work, rubbing the flat of his tongue along his rim and occasionally letting it prod inside. He’s never let someone eat him out before. The idea of someone’s tongue in his ass always sounded a bit too daring for him, but Tony was quickly changing his stance on that as he worked his magic.
Steve returned the smile, holding her small hand to his cheek. She was old and haggard now, but her eyes were still as fierce and strong as the woman he’d fallen in love with. “Even at 93 years old, I still think you’re beautiful.” He murmured.
This chapter is long overdue, I am so sorry. I meant to post last week but I got a really bad headache and I don't really have much time to write during the week but hey, better late then never right? Hopefully the 8000 words of essentially pure smut will make up for the fact that I haven't posted in almost 4 months.
To be fair, it wasn’t a completely false assumption. Pepper knew he had a taste for the finer things, of course he’d thought about getting down and dirty with America's favorite superhero.
“Iron Man wait, cease fire!” He shouted, but either Tony didn’t hear him, or as per usual, chose to just disregard his warning because the blast of energy burst from his chest in a concentrated stream towards their enemy.
People outside the museum were screaming out on the streets of New York, running and cowering from what appeared to be a huge alien space craft hovering above the city's skyline spitting out tall, blue skinned humanoid creatures from its hull.
“Shoot.” He said, setting the coffee mug down on the table before it touched his lips. “I’m supposed to meet Tony at 3 O’clock, I gotta dash.” He rushed, scrambling through his pockets for a ten and set it down on the table.
“Yeah, I remember. This was my teddy from way back when I was a kid. Howard picked it up at an airport when he forgot my birthday.” He snorted, shaking his head as he stroked his thumb over the soft, black nose where threads had long separated and began to split. “I must have been, god, I don’t know. Five or six?”
Steve barely got a breath in before he was back handed, head turning with the force of the blow. His cheek stung from the smack, the skin split where a ring must have cut into the soft flesh. He tasted copper, but he couldn’t really tell at the moment if it was his blood or not. He felt lightheaded, unable to really keep track of the commotion as he focused on getting air in his lungs. Then, a voice broke through the fog.
Tony never thought he’d be so happy to be in the same room as Bruce's less friendly alter ego without the Iron Man armor, but he was more than grateful for it right now.
“Oh, we’d be here all night if I started talking about my glory days. And that’s only if I skip the really juicy details.” He said, playing with the empty flask.
Tony thrashed around helplessly, the screen that was monitoring his vitals flashing wildly in alarm as his heart rate increased drastically, signalling a full on panic attack. Being thrown through the air without any sense of direction definitely boosts the adrenaline in your system.
“I’m the leader of this team. You can’t just go off on your own like that and put everyone in danger.”
Tony, dumbstruck, was trying to get his mouth and brain working long enough to put together a string of words in order to answer Steve because not answering him would be rude and he was pretty sure that being rude to Captain America is probably a national crime punishable by law.
So I actually got this chapter out a lot faster than I initially thought. Don't expect the next one to come out that quickly, but I will hopefully try to get it out in no more than a week. I know there wasn't a lot of meat in this chapter, but things will progress a bit more in the next one so stay tuned!
“Just hurry up and get ready before you’re late. I’m pretty sure I prefer you with balls.” He calls out teasingly, sitting up to look for his clothes. He finds his jeans hanging over various furniture, but his underwear seem to have vanished into thin air.
Stane didn’t protest, getting up and out of Tony’s chair without a fuss, that vindictive smirk still painted on his scraggly face. He obviously expected Tony to cave into his demands.
It had your typical diner food – burgers, fries, shakes, and the whole shebang. Tony wasn’t opposed to the simple menu. Who didn’t like the classic burger and fries combo anyway?
Ignoring the comment, Fury pointed his thumb at Steve. “Your little prodigy here can't put on a show for shit.” He snapped.
Peggy smiled sadly, but her eyes were still soft and bright despite the cataracts that now clouded over them. “As am I.”
“Take cover!” Steve shouted when he saw smoke pluming around the jagged teeth, raising his shield over his head.
The sudden blaring sound of the Avenger’s Tower alarm had the team gearing up and rushing into the hangar, ready to go face the day’s newest threat to the human population.
Steve put on a strong front, but Tony knew that watching the woman he once loved flip flop between memories was wearing down on him.
“I see that.” Tony answered, eyes trailing over Steve’s form, which made the blond’s skin tingle. “You didn’t have any ‘performance’ issue with me though.” He added inquisitively with a tilt of his head which made Steve’s cheeks flush.
“Wish it was your cock inside me.” He whines, completely unabashed by how needy he sounded. He can hear Tony’s breath hitch on the other end of the line, his breathing getting more and more erratic as the seconds tick on.
Tony groaned, setting the screwdriver down with a roll of his eyes. He was pretty sure he’d placed Jarvis on mute, but leave it to his every disobedient AI to disregard a direct order in order to mother him. He really needed to reprogram that poor excuse for a super computer.
Everything suddenly made sense to him. Their constant dancing around each other, the fleeting thoughts, the way they just gravitated towards one another. Like two moths drawn to the same flame.
After sending Pepper to get ice for his face, Tony took his anger out on the elevator, furiously pressing the call button until the doors opened to let him in. He punched the number for his office, tenderly touching his busted lip and hissing at the throb of pain.
“That’s better.” She smiled again, genuine this time, and took a sip of her cocktail. “So word around the tower is that you and Steve are friends now?”
Tony kicked his boots to propel himself faster through the air, flying upwards in a helix around the creature as it flailed its arms, trying to swat at him like a fly. He waited until it opened its mouth to let out another screech and then tossed the box of pyrotechnics into its gaping maw, shooting a repulsor beam down its throat.
Steve wasn’t really one to over indulge in pleasant luxuries, but even he had to admit that it was nice to have one afternoon where they didn’t have to defend the world from Armageddon.
A few months ago Bucky lost his arm in an accident and the poor guy was still trying to figure out how to work his way around every day tasks. Can openers, as they were, did not seem to be amputee friendly.
Tony furrowed his brows and knelt, sitting with his legs crossed and propped Peter up on his knee. He took the toy, his confused expression quickly fading into nostalgia.
The soldier caught a glimpse of the dazzling horizon where the sun was setting, the sky a mess of warm pinks and bright oranges. He sure wished he had his paints on him right now.
Ball caps and sunglasses seemed to be the go-to disguise for blending in with the commoners around these parts.
Tony sighed, his eyes softening as he watched Steve visibly break down in front of him. He doesn’t mean to be cruel, but it’s the only way he can think of to make Steve run away from this place and never come back,
“Fools.” Doom called out over the sounds of screaming and gunfire, laughing at them in the maniacal way that super villains often did. “You really think that you can defeat my army with just you two pathetic things?”
He watched as Steve steadied his balance, preparing himself for the lashing. Even though he saw it coming, the first strike of the whip still made him jolt, grunting through clenched teeth.
“Tony Stark. Genius inventor, world renowned philanthropist, wealthy billionaire? You might have heard of me.” Tony humbly introduced himself. It was rare that someone didn’t recognize his face immediately with how often his name had been in the media, though he wouldn’t be too offended if this woman didn’t recognize him. People over the age of 65 who weren’t too big on new age tech hardly ever knew who he was, unless they’d heard him name somewhere in passing.
Tony scoffed. “Oh, I bet you’ll try. But the answer’s still no lady. You said you’ve heard of me, right? I bet you’ve also heard about the Avengers then. Little group of indie superheroes commanded by a guy who really doesn’t like bullies.”
Tony leaned against an iron fence, licking a few drips of ice cream off of his hand as Steve sucked on his tricoloured frozen treat.
“No, we’re not.” He agreed with a sigh, pausing briefly before speaking again. “But I’d like to be.”
Tony pulled back with a chuckle and glanced up at him through his lashes, swiping his tongue over his lips. “That’s sort of the point.”
Steve hated the smug grin on the man’s face. If this wasn’t a scene he would have clocked the bastard by now.
Steve’s blush came back to his cheeks, and Tony watched as he bit down on his bottom lip, a bashful smile tugging at the corner of the bond’s mouth.
Steve looked at him for a moment through his cowl, expression unreadable until he cracked a smile and gave a genuine laugh. “Then you can walk home.”
“That’s a wrap, everyone take five.” The director calls, giving them a thumbs up to say that the footage was good.
Tony pressed his lips together in a tight line, lifting a hand to push through his hair. “It’s a rehabilitation center, Cap. She’s got Alzheimer’s.” Tony picked up the questioning look Steve shot him and elaborated. “It’s a neurodegenerative disease. Basically she forgets things. Faces, names, entire memories. Her son stopped visiting because she couldn’t remember him.”
Tony gave Steve an accusing look, standing there in his tight fitting, barely concealing black spandex under armor, his arms crossed over his chest in definace. “Nuh uh Cap, no way. I don’t ride bitch.”
Tony returned the smile with one of his own but took the offered hand in a firm grasp. “Tony Stark. Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, and occasional savior of the world.”
She handed him the clipboard before ushering him inside. “You can leave that on the boss’ desk. Good luck, and pleasure meeting you Steve.”
Tony looked around the tiny dining space, obviously trying to hold in any critiques about the place. Steve could imagine that Tony was incredibly underwhelmed by the old-style diner, considering what he was accustomed to, being a billionaire and all.
Steve heard the gasps and screams of the terrified citizens around him, pointing in shock up towards the ship. Steve’s head snapped up at the commotion to follow their gaze just in time to see Tony plummeting out of the airship, his arms and legs flailing as he dropped from the sky.
Steve exited the car and stretched his arms up high over his head, breathing in a large gulp of air. It was nice living in the city, he loved it considering he’d spent all his life in the heart of Brooklyn, but the breath of fresh air was definitely a refresher.
A couple hours later, Steve was just fixing himself up a quick snack – a half dozen eggs stirred into a glass of milk.
His ego is so inflated Steve supposes it would be impossible not to be completely enraptured by it .
“You’re not going to change my mind.” Tony tossed back his drink, almost numb to the harsh burn of aged whiskey as it slid down his throat. They’d had this conversation over a dozen times, and he really wasn’t in the mood to argue right now.
When he was gone Tony took a breath to control himself, then promptly said fuck that and reached for his discarded whiskey glass and shattered it against the wall.
It was the end of an era. They were selling Avengers Tower and moving upstate to a larger facility just outside of the city. What started out as just a farfetched dream of six superhuman individuals was quickly growing into something far bigger than anyone could have predicted. With the team growing faster then they initially thought the current living space was quickly filling up so they decided to set up a bigger compound a few miles outside of New Yorker where there would be enough room for the new recruits and whoever else would come along to join the Avengers.
“It was in one of the boxes.” Steve told him, scooting over to rest his chin on his husband’s shoulder. “Peter’s the one who found it actually.”
The person on the other end of the line speaks up, and Steve recognizes the sharp, frantic shrill of Pepper’s voice on the other end. Tony listens, irritated at first but then his face changes and he sits up abruptly.
Damn, only 60$. That wasn’t enough to push him over what he needed for rent. He could ask for an extension but they were already on bad terms with the landlord for always being late. Steve let out a heavy sigh. Maybe he had time for another stream tonight? He was working the night shift tomorrow so he could stay up a little later, but he wasn’t really in the mood to give it another go.
“Look, I’m not going to force you to do anything you’re uncomfortable with, but if you cant even get naked in front of the camera we're going to have a problem.” He says, not to be unkind, just simply stating facts.
Since then he's been meeting twice a week with the company's head developers, Shuri, and has made incredible progress. Steve could see some of the life slowly coming back to him. The medical bills were expensive, but Bucky got partial funding through the company itself for agreeing to take part in trial studies, and Steve could cover the rest with his job so it was no big deal.
Plain as day he saw Bucky there, his expression furious as he loomed over the desk. Steve could see his friend’s fists clenching and unclenching, a tick he recognized as Bucky consciously trying to
“I’m old fashioned, but waiting until marriage seems a bit extreme. I’ll settle for the standard three date waiting period.”
The brunet jumped into action when he saw the devastated look on his friend’s face, reaching out to steady him. “Hey, you alright? What happened?”
Steve knew that there was truth in Tony’s statement, but he hadn’t expected them to sound so discouraging.
“First day jitters, apple pie?” Tony teased, seeming to take enjoyment in playing up Steve's devoutly American persona.
Steve finished reading the agreement and copied his signature onto the e-document, feeling good about this.
The Avengers sprang into action to stave the scaly beast from bringing his tirade to the city’s center. It took a big, heavy step, structural supports cracking and shattering as the beast lashed out. They were hitting their target dead on, but the lizard’s scaly hide was thick and their attacks were just seeming to piss him off even more.
Those muscles, that face, his charming personality….no one could really reprimand him for wanting to tap that ass, could they?
Natasha smiled back at him, which served as enough of an answer to that rhetorical question. “I know you and Stark have your differences, but you can’t get into a shouting match after every mission.”
With determination in his step, Steve saunters over towards the billionaire, planting his hands on either side of the office chair as he leans in close, caging Tony in between the backrest and his chest.
Dazed, Steve looked around the room and quickly recognized the sweet, acrid smell of disinfectant and the overly white, sterile room.  He was back at the Avengers’ Medical bay.
Everything after that is a blur, hands desperately ripping at close in an attempt to get at the warm, pulsing flesh hidden underneath. There’s a sharp tug, and Steve feels a few buttons fly off but he that’s not really on his list of priorities right now.
“Right. Okay.” Steve nodded, grabbing a generic robe off one of the hooks near the wall. He turned to Sam. “Guess I’ll catch you later?”
“Ready to watch the game?” He asked, dressed casually in a plain white tee with a quarter sleeve red plaid shirt thrown on top, a black ball cap, and a pair of red lensed sun glasses.
Before Steve could utter a reply the line cuff off and there was a distinct clicking noise as the door unlocked and slid open to let him into the studio.
Tony smiled, scooting up to lay next to Steve, dragging the duvet over both of them. “It’s fine, you’re tired.”
“That’s exactly why I think that. I’m the dangerous playboy, you’re the charming hero.” He pointed out with a smirk.
Tony puts him back in his place with a firm hand on his stomach while the other works at fingering him open. It’s rushed and a little sloppy, but Steve doesn’t really care right now. He needs Tony’s cock, and he needs it
Without suit or shield, Steve was more vulnerable than usual, but he still had his combat skills to back him up. He worked on taking out the doombots, smashing into their metal skulls, pummelling them until they were nothing more than broken piles of metal and sparking wires.
Tony stared at Bruce, mouth agape. “Rude.” He called out, but the other scientist just gave him a pointed look and a little wave.
“Not stupid, genius.” Tony shot back moments later as he flew out of the warehouse with a huge box of heavy duty fireworks. “Let’s kill this thing in style.”
Steve had never ridden in, or even seen such an extravagant car in his life. The seats were firm, dark black leather, shiny and smooth and looking brand new. The interior even smelled new.
Tony must have sensed that he was meandering because he twisted in his seat, leather crunching under him as he moved.
Despite his utmost respect for her, Tony didn’t particularly like not being the center of attention, so he cleared his throat.
Tony was frozen in shock for less than a second before he was reciprocating, melting into the embrace almost immediately. It was sweet and tender, yet at the same time the kiss was hot and needy, like a Hoover dam of desire being unleashed all at once. Tony always thought that people who said kissing the right person made them see fireworks were romanticized lunatics that mystified simple human attraction, but in this moment, he could almost swear he felt a spark.
Booze probably wasn’t exactly the best thing to put into his system considering he’d just been given a carefully calculated cocktail of ibuprofen, naproxene and a mild derivative of opium, but nothing really dulled the pain quite like a stiff drink.
One of the aliens steps out among the crowd of panicking civilians, calling the spear to her with a wave of her hand.
Tony gave a mischievous eyebrow waggle. “You know it.” Tony shifted on his elbows and once again turned to Steve. “So you really haven’t had anyone before?”
Steve took in Tony’s response for a moment, like he was savouring the words. There was the briefest flash of disappointment on his features when he mentioned his dad’s thoughts on the matter, and Tony wasn’t really sure how he was supposed to take that.
Face to face meetings had been pretty sparse since their breakup, and most of the time it was to deal with business matters and investors and all that deal.
.” The slightly tipsy billionaire pressed on, leaning back on his elbows. “Captain America can’t be all wholesome and puritan.” He continued, sucking the last few drops of nectar from the flask.
“Don’t worry, it’s not about your performance. I doubt anyone would complain about that.” She smirked, and this time Steve could feel the blush spreading over his cheeks. “He just needs to have a word with you once you’ve cleaned up.”
Why he hired a prick like Nick Fury, Steve would never know, but since Tony was a supposed billionaire and could afford just about any Hollywood director to film his little snuff films he figured there was some reasoning behind it.
Steve shrugs off the fabric that’s desperately clinging to his shoulders, his own hands carefully popping open the buttons of Tony’s Armani. He only manages to get through two buttons before Tony stops him, hands shooting out to grab his wrists. Steve pauses, confused, hoping Tony hasn't suddenly decided boss-employee relations are taboo.
Steve quickly shut his sketchbook so that she wouldn’t catch what he’d been drawing, not really sure why he felt like he’d just been caught doing something far more inappropriate than sketching a teammate. He sketched his teammates all the time, including Tony.
“I gotta go. Later.” He said and ran off, giving his buddy a brief, one handed salute as he briskly walked down the street.
, he’d never been able to come that hard before just from his own hand, but the way Mr. Stark had watched him, spurring him on…he'd kind of liked it.
Steve watches him chug boiling hot coffee, both impressed and mildly perturbed before setting the empty cup down on the marble counter.
So yeah, not one of his proudest moments, but you had to make a living somehow, right? Steve glanced down at the chat, hand still curled around his dick as he went through the comments.
I know I haven't posted in a while, I've been busy this past week. But this chapter is a lot longer so I hope that makes up for it. I also got rid of chapter titles because it's too frustrating to think of titles.
Steve's body collapsed into the couch cushions, limbs feeling deliciously numb after the release of tension.
“They serve drinks here? Or is that too rich for your blood too.” He muttered, folding the menu to look through the list of beverages.
“As much as I’d love to keep talking to you, my flight leaves in thirty minutes and Pepper’s gonna kill me if I make her reschedule it. Again.”
“Tony!” Cap called to him, cutting the engine and hopped off the bike to kneel beside him. “Hey, you okay?” He asked with a hint of what sounded like actual concern.
Mildly irritated seemed to be Steve’s default expression, so Tony didn’t really make anything of it.
“Geez J, whose side are you on? Fine, let him in.” Tony muttered, making a waving gesture towards the ceiling because he knew that neither Steve nor Jarvis would leave him be long enough to get any actual work done.
He tried to pull back to get a breath in, but Rumlow’s grip on his hair just got tighter, keeping him in place. He tried to give a non-verbal gesture with his fingers, but no one seemed to take note of his distress. The edges of his vision were starting to go fuzzy and black, and Steve was starting to panic as he was slowly asphyxiating. He couldn’t breathe. In his desperation, Steve did the only thing he could think of. He bit down, hard.
At the time, Steve might have thought about settling down with her after the war. Maybe have kids, start a family with the beautiful redhead. She would have made a lovely wife. Of course, that was before I crashed the fighter jet into the Arctic Ocean. Now, more than 70 years later, it was far too late for any of that. “I don’t even know if she’s still alive.”
Steve undulates his hips, snaking his hand back between them to grasp Tony’s cock again and start stroking him slowly. Tony lets out a soft sigh, head lolling back against the pillows as he rocks his hips up into Steve’s hand.
The genius mechanic was tinkering with the circuitry on his gauntlet when ‘Welcome to The Jungle’ was suddenly cut off mid chorus and instead replaced by the charming sound of Jarvis’ voice.
Tony caves, huffing dramatically. “Ugh, god damn it. Fine! I’m coming in.” He hung up the phone and flopped back with a heavy sigh, pushing his hand through his hair.
Just when things are getting good, Steve is startled by a sudden loud buzzing and the beginning chords of AC/DC’s  ‘Back in Black’. He glances over to the side table where the sound is coming from, seeing Tony’s phone going off.
Steve’s heart sank into his stomach when he realized that Tony was not wearing the Iron Man suit, and by the looks of it there wasn’t one rushing towards him either.
The beast screamed in agony as the fireworks sizzled inside its belly, the muscles rippling under its thick, scaly hide as the explosives went off. There was a loud booming noise, and then suddenly big, meaty lizard chunks were raining down from the sky, coating everything within the radius of the park in viscous green sludge.
They tumbled out of the elevator, bumping into just about every piece of furniture from the entrance foyer to Tony’s bedroom. Normally Steve was a little more spatially aware of bulk, but it was hard to navigate with Tony’s tongue down his throat and a hand cupping him through his jeans.
He was eager to follow the instruction, tentatively sliding his hand up along his abdomen and around to cup one of his pecs, his other hand still firmly grasping his rock hard dick. A shiver ran up his spine as a rush of burning pleasure shot straight down to his cock the moment his thumb rolled over a pebbled nipple. He’d always been a bit embarrassed by how sensitive his chest was, but the way Tony paid attention to it made him feel privileged.
Bruce’s eyes darted up over his book on advanced quantum physics, looking at his fellow team members. He’d stayed behind on this mission because, quoting Director Fury, one rampaging green rage monster was more than enough to deal with.
“If I remember correctly, the plan was to keep the Godzilla wannabe away from the main city. Which I did.” Tony pointed out in his usual snarky tone, crossing his arms over his chest.
Steve grits through his teeth. Fingers aren't enough for him, he needs more. Bigger. He feels like he’s gonna die if he doesn't get dick in the next few seconds.
“Your hands.” He gasped, his own fingers squeezing around the base of his cock as he spoke. He was imagining a whole lot more than just that, but he figured it was best to keep the sentimental stuff to himself. “I like how rough your hands are, but still gentle. I miss having them on me.” He paused, sucking in a breath. “And in me.”
“Oh, don’t bother dearie. That lump probably survived the war and changed his name. We could never really stand each other.” She said humorously. Tony liked her. “Well don’t just stand here and chat with an old woman like me. Go on! Enjoy yourselves. There’s plenty of food so don’t hold back.” Agnes said, giving Steve a few hard pats across the stomach, making the blond laugh as she coped a feel at his muscles.
Side note, for anyone curious about when Rumlow is coming in since he's mentioned in the character list, next chapter is for you!!
Eventually Tony had to pull away for air because he just didn’t have the same lung capacity that the super soldier did and he really didn’t want to ruin the moment by collapsing due to suffocation. Even as Tony sucked in desperate gulps of oxygen Steve refused to give him space, nudging the side of his jaw with his nose.
Steve rolled his eyes and glanced away, the tips of his ears tinging a bright pink colour, but Tony’s eyes remained on him, insistent. Steve swallowed and pursed his lips, pressing the spout of the metal flask to his lips. “I uh…I don’t have any stories to swap.”
Bucky didn't look totally convinced, but he didn’t press the issue either, so Steve considered his fib a moderate success.
Tony clung to the metal sheet he was hanging off of as the ship gave another violent jerk. “I’m kind of running out of options here.”
After witnessing the legendary arguments between Captain America and Iron Man, the rest of the team was just glad that they finally seemed to cool down around one another. Especially Pepper and Rhodey, who had been on the receiving end of many a rant about Tony’s clear distaste for America’s iconic patriot.
“Hey, just because I said that hanging out with you doesn’t make me want to drown myself in booze, it doesn’t make us friends.” He stated firmly.
“Oh.” Steve’s expression fell a bit, just the briefest flash of disappointment that was barely noticeable, like he’d been counting on Tony being free.
“What, not done reprimanding me for what a disgrace I am to the team? Or did I do something else that Mr. Goody-Two-Shows Captain America disapproves of?” He spat in his usual snarky tone of voice.
Steve’s cheeks were so red that Tony worried for a moment that he might spontaneously combust, but eventually the flush dissipated.
Just as Bruce was making a move to grab his own coat, the automatic doors whooshed open and Steve walked in wearing a light blue checkered shirt and beige slacks. Tony gave him a look over and frowned.
He's done maybe a dozen videos in the couple of months he's worked at the studio, ranging anywhere from solo work, to bondage, to blow jobs to full on sex.
“Better go run off to Directory Fury before you get a time out, soldier.” He sneered before turning around and stomped his way back to his quarters, heels clicking loudly against the polished concrete.
After he finished his snack, Steve somehow convinced Tony to lay down on the couch, and the brunet fell asleep almost the instant his head hit the pillow.
Currently there was a total of 27 people watching him get himself off, only half of which had actually given him any sort of donation. A pretty dry night by his regular standards and not the greatest crowd, but if he played his cards right he might be able to scrounge up enough donations to make his half of the rent that he was already 2 days late on.
Steve wasn’t too sure what he was implying with that, but knowing the genius it couldn’t be anything good so he simply narrowed his eyes and offered him a displeased stare.
Coyly and maybe just a little vindictive, Steve purposely let it ring a couple times before sliding his thumb across the accept call button.
He does falter on his pants though, very aware of Mr. Stark taking him apart with his eyes. The man looks impressed at least, he thinks, catching the way that the businessman’s eyes drift over his pecs and down his solid abs.
Steve scratched the back of his neck, giving an embarrassed laugh. “Well, that’s good to hear, right?”
Steve smiled sheepishly. “Yeah, I guess you could say that.” He took a step closer, closing in on the already short distance between the two of them. “Although I was thinking more in a ‘I’d like to take you out on a proper date’ sort of way.”
Besides, getting out of the city might paint a smaller target on their backs. Steve had never minded danger before, he welcomed it with open arms, but it wasn’t just about him anymore. Tony and him were married now with a kid, he couldn’t afford any dangerous anymore. Peter was almost two now and they needed a safe space for him to run around now that he could walk all by himself, so they were moving into a house just a few miles outside from the new compound.
Steve doesn’t even flinch at the woman's words, holding his ground. “Well I’m afraid he’s not available right now so you should get back in you ship and leave.”
“I can’t believe that’s a work uniform.” He muttered under his breath, taking a sip of the coffee. This place was strange, but at least the coffee was strong.
Steve crane his neck up at the voice, spotting Tony standing across the room dressed semi-casual with a suit jacket thrown over a graphic tee and some jeans. Steve had thought the man looked good in a suit, but something about the more laid-back style made him look even more attractive.
Tony seems to deflate when he hears Steve speak up, his tone immediately softening as he twists to face him. “There’s an issue at the studio I have to go deal with.”
The other thing Tony found out about humans was that some of them – Steve and Natasha, but not the others – wore black bands around their arms, and addressing their existence in any way was taboo. If you asked why they wore them, Steve went pale and muttered an excuse to get away from you, and Natasha kicked your ass twice as hard next time you sparred with her.
Later, after Steve had sucked him to yet another miraculous orgasm, Tony’s mouth was too busy reciprocating to pick up the conversation where they’d left off, and then he had his arms full of wet, sleepy, sated Steve, and—
“Please just trust me,” he said. “You know I’d never keep something from you that would hurt you, or endanger you.
Apparently he was destined to spend the whole day acting like a dramatic teenager, because Steve… blushed.
Waking up was unpleasant. Tony felt the way he imagined being buried alive might: too cold; his chest aching and heavy as if several feet of dirt were pressing down on it; his senses muffled; the gnawing anxiety of being all alone. But as he swam closer and closer to consciousness, most of those terrible sensations faded. Oh, the pain was still there. Yeah. His already-abused ribs had
“So, what— he decides he wants to quit being a royal, and his bright idea is to stow away on a strange ship and get dragged all over the universe?” Sam asked.
“Tony,” said Sam quietly, as they looked around at the glittering halls. “When you told us you were an ‘important person,’ how important did you mean, exactly?”
“Is there another word for what you’re doing?” Natasha asked. “With all the— longing looks, and cuddling on the couch, and flirting at mealtimes, and—”
The Kree didn’t just attack Xandar. They annihilated it. They blew the planet to pieces. It was only the Nova Corps’ quick, unhesitating evacuation measures that saved the Xandarians from total extinction.
Steve nodded slowly. It was that, more than anything, that convinced him Tony meant what he said about sticking with his choice. Even his Mark had known it. It was… he wouldn’t call it fate. Tony wouldn’t like that. But it was enough to reassure Steve.
Steve barely remembered returning to the ship, collapsing onto his bed, and putting his head in his hands. He’d sat like that for far too long, spine curled in an arc of pure misery, before he made himself lie down and take a nap. He’d woken perhaps an hour later, feeling no better, and hadn’t moved.
“C’mon. We both know he doesn’t deserve jail just because he wanted a new life,” said Peter. His light brown hair fell into his eyes, and his shoulders hunched defensively; his fists were clenched. Steve had to sigh. This kid.
“Wow,” Steve breathed, taking in the sight of Xandar’s lights, the golden ant-trails of street lanterns and moving laser-points of trolleys and pods.
him to stop. But when Tony spoke, it was only to beg Steve for more. So Steve gave him more. Soon Tony’s knees gave out, too, and Steve followed him down, fucking him flat into the mattress. Steve came draped atop Tony – holding himself up to avoid putting weight on Tony’s ribs, but letting his skin stick to Tony’s back as his thrusts devolved into frantic grinding. His cock jerked and emptied deep inside of him, filling that perfect ass up with Steve’s seed, while his mouth sucked bruises into the place where Tony’s neck and shoulder met.
Peter produced a handheld screen and Bruce yanked a stylus out of his pocket, and the three of them huddled together while Tony sketched out some diagrams and wrote out a few equations.
Tony stood alone in the bridge and watched the stars through the Nomad’s great forward-facing windows. Jan had gone to bed and the Nomad – with JARVIS’ aid – was on autopilot. They’d left Stark behind earlier that day, with promises to visit when they could, and Tony was finally feeling well enough not to pass out right after dinner. Steve was getting in a workout before bed, and the others were scattered about the ship. But this was his favorite place on the Nomad, here where he could look out into the infinite space and see what he’d sacrificed everything for: freedom.
He flopped onto his back and glared at the ceiling. Natasha waited in silence while Steve worked through his thoughts. At last, he said, “I spent so many years with this person fixed in my mind. I know things don’t always work out with your soulmate, but part of me always believed that it
“Pete’s taking care of the ship. He’ll get it fixed up. But we need more time, and you need help,” Tony said. “That’s why I’m here.”
“Right!” he said. “Which is fascinating when you consider the vastly different environmental conditions under which our two species evolved—”
his crew. And something about his putting a claim on the Nomad and their team— it made something dark and wild flash in Steve’s eyes.
Tony never did. When Steve started to disengage, he wound an arm around his shoulders and pulled him into his conversations. Or he’d take him and Steve someplace else, someplace they could be alone and sit under the shimmering dome and talk for hours. He listened avidly when Steve talked about his past in the military, the wars and going into cryo – but he seemed no less attentive when Steve described his favorite bits of human art history, the movements and painters he’d loved best, and the pieces he wished he could have seen in person. He told Tony about
despite the armor’s bulk was incredible – before hustling nearby civilians off to safety. Tony soaring into the air back to Steve’s side.
Steve bit his lip. Perhaps Steve’s soulmate wasn’t born yet, and he’d have to come back in a few decades. He hoped that wasn’t the case.
Tony grabbed Steve’s hand and pulled it up, and stilled on Steve’s fingers, clenching hard. “T-too much,” he stuttered. “Gonna come.”
