The Cap-tsum chirped loudly and like a blessing, the babies all started to chirp excitedly again, no longer whimpering and crying. Emboldened, Tony carried the Cap-tsum out and stepped out of the green net to find Steve kneeling by a green triangle.
He dismissed the idea almost immediately. Steve didn’t want to be bothered by him. Tony was sure he was probably busy in the gym having fistfight with the punching bag. The team leader really didn’t need to be disturbed because he couldn’t decide which tux to wear. That would be absurd!
Stark industries goes to Pepper, Maria is named Shield’s designated director after him and Bucky and Sam are made to lead the Avengers. It’s all going to plan. All that’s left are his personal affects.
“Oh pet.” Zeke sighed and sat on the bed beside him, brushing Tony’s hair back gently. “You are good, but you must do better.”
Steve stayed still as he watched him drink. Then something clicked and an idea started to form in his mind.
it into the wall, letting the liquid pool on the floor in a mix of glass and drink. The pills get snatched next. They're emptied and dropped into the mess and before Tony can even breathe, Steve crushes the pills under his boots and grinds them hard enough for the floor to dent. When it's done, he turns back to Tony with a shadow over his eyes.
With a serene smile Zeke reached out and wiped his thumb against Tony’s lips. Unbothered, he brought it to his own mouth and sucked.
Tony could already tell he’d pissed Maria off. “You realize it’s not me who wants you here right? It’s not my orders. They come from higher up.”
Tony glances up at Steve and watches him carefully and to his surprise, Steve looks down at him with a frown and Tony can see a hint of genuine fear in his eyes.
Steve’s eyes are red. He looks miserable and utterly defeated. No, he looks worse. Like he's about to break.
Steve was watching him with a gentle gaze and there was something close to pride in his eyes. Like Tony was something to be proud off.
As he listens to the doctors and Steve discussing the baby and him, he closes his eyes and breathes, and thinks of one thing.
The next morning brought several unpleasant surprises. Within his corner of solitude (as he’d dubbed it), he’d figured he wouldn’t be too disturbed since all the other agents in the team were on the other side of the room. But it had been the complete opposite.
“You will be on the same schedule as the rest of your men. Your little group of traitors. I don’t expect to see you step even an inch out of line.”
“Sir, incoming call from Agent Hill.” JARVIS interrupted and Tony glanced at the small square image of Maria on his HUD.
He was eating more, laughing more and speaking to others more. Even his therapist was seeing improvement.
His body hasn’t been shaking for a while now and he’s knows it’s a bad sign. His head feels stuffed with cotton and his heart beats slow and weak in his chest. His nose is dripping and his eyes feel sore and like there are bruises under them.
“So are you Stark.” A new voice said behind him and Tony instantly turned and let out a sigh of relief.
“Yeah, m’fine.” He mumbled but managed to plaster a smile to his face at the pale look she was giving him. Behind her, Steve was now looking at him with a grim expression. He looked like he’d been punched and Tony briefly imagined calling Sharon over to make him feel better. They were gonna go out after all.
.” Steve said coldly, and put down his pen, leaning forward. “I’m your commander and you’ll do as I say Stark. If we are attacked, I may need all hands on deck. Which means that while you’re here, you might need to-“
To his delight, Pepper opened the door and he was immensely grateful to see his only friend come to say goodbye. Rhodey wasn’t around but he’d left a message for him telling him what was going on. He didn’t expect Rhodey but was so thankful for Pepper.
In front of him, Fury was quiet. But then he reached out and eased the glass out of Tony’s hand. Tony side-eyed him but didn’t stop dabbing.
Suddenly a large screech reached his ears. Though distant, he thought it was coming from in front of him.
Sharon was talking to Steve. And they were both smiling and laughing. Tony could see her eyes lit up like diamonds.
He's quickly benched. They all sit him down and tell him he needs some time off, that Steve would want him to have this even though he knows damn well that Steve doesn't give a shit. He can't anymore.
"You're not real. I'm just as pathetic as I was before. Sorry." Tony sighs and gestures towards the items on his desk. "Probably just a last ditch-effort from Extremis. Probably to stop me from killing myself."
“I’ve loved you for years. With everything that’s happened, that hasn’t changed. We’ve been through so much together and even though you irritate the hell out of me sometimes-“ Steve’s lips twitched when Tony snickered. “I still think of you. Everyday.”
“Get Agent Hill online and get an update from them. They should be able to give us visuals on what’s going on down there while we get the coms back online.” He ordered, pushing himself up from the chair.
Carol and the others begin to come up behind the armor. There’s a growing mumble but it’s distant. Steve’s ears are roaring and his head is spinning.
“You know, I think we have more in common than we both thought.” Steve said with a growing smile like he knew what Tony was thinking and before Tony even realized, he was doing the exact same. Like they were reading each other’s mind.
A knock on the door jolted them both and suddenly they were reminded that there was more to life than just this room.
“Anything looking familiar, Shellhead?” Steve said warmly, and Grant jerked his head up in surprise.
“Sure.” Tony laughed bitterly, letting his anger seep into his words slightly. “I just fancied a lie in. You know me, always thinking for myself.”
With that, Steve let go and stood up, stepping away to open the blinds. Tony watched as he looked up and looked outside.
But that would change. He’d been part of the family for eight years. Whitney was starting to get impatient.
“Oh but it is.” A new voice pipes up from the hospital room door and both Tony and the obstetrician look up.
“Why would I tell him?” Tony sighed, rubbing tiredly at his eyes. He didn’t really know where this was going.
He’d gotten his chance to feel complete. He’d had that experience with Steve. He couldn’t ask for more.
“Please stop.” Tony begged and began to charge up his repulser and take aim. “Before I show you something real special. And I’m not talking about Captain America’s-“
Tony paused and flicked his eyes at the benches where some of the agents were organising sheets of metal. “I thought Ben ran the place.”
At the soft click of the door shutting, Tony turned to say this was a bad idea when all of a sudden-
“Tony, look at you. You can’t go on like this. You’re going to have a complete breakdown.” Pepper says but Tony can see the hatred in her eyes. Happy is gone of course and Tony should’ve known better than to think Pepper would accept him so soon after. Happy’s death was his fault. So was Steve’s. And now he hates himself as much as Pepper probably does-maybe even more so.
“Cap, are you coming?” Stark hiccuped lightly and stepped forward, having changed into a white wife-beater and joggers. He was looking a little glazed, perhaps from too much drink, but that was okay.
Stretching his limbs out, Tony yawned and walked towards the metal stairs in the dark corner of the alley. He heaved himself up and climbed all the way to the top, bending his knees a little and pushing off the metal with his hands up. Thanks to the added blood, his limbs were stronger, and he jumped a good two meters higher, landing smoothly on the roof in a crouch. Sometimes he impressed himself with how skilled he was.
“Yeah. Thanks.” Tony said numbly, turning away to dodge Steve’s gaze before it could get any worse. This was borderline torture.
Tonight he pulls it out and settles it by the frame. Then he takes the painkillers and pills he’s had in the draw for months and places them next to the bottle. The bottles are full and waiting. In the morning he’ll take them.
It took Steve a day to realize that Tony was spending more time in the kitchen cooking and cleaning up after everyone than he was in the labs.
“No, I didn’t know.” His voice came out muted and he wanted to curse himself for being so obvious but heaven help him, he couldn’t shake this all encompassing feeling of sadness. He just felt so...so
The laughing paused. Slowly Iron man turned his head and looked at Steve. He could tell he was being stared at.
“Sorry darling. That was a good night but I gotta dash.” Tony said sharply, yanking his plain black clothes and tugging them on.
“It’s spread right across. I didn’t know.” Steve’s voice was hushed, almost as if he’d learned a precious secret.
"Steve." He waited for Steve to look at him and he licked his lips nervously. "Is it true that you only wanted me here because you missed me?"
Steve didn’t seem surprised. He only smiled and let them drop back around his neck. His eyes were glued to Tony’s though.
“I can understand you.” Grant said, only it came out as more of a question. His eyes lingered on the star on Steve’s chest. It looked so...so...
”It means we’re under attack! Heavy fire!” Ben yelled, suddenly looking terrified as he seemed to search the room for something. Around them, agents left their stations and ran for the doors, including Trish and Sam. Ben however, seemed to be scanning the room sharply, even in the chaos. Then he looked at Tony again and his eyes sharpened.
“I don’t care!” Tony screamed and the anger completely disappeared off Steve’s face at the reaction. “You’re hurt and it’s all my-“
pain in his body as the armor wavered from the hit. The pain started to build up until it was red-hot and washed over him in spades until he could barely breathe.
“104 degrees. I’ll prescribe something, provided you promise not to take it alone. And you need to rest so I’m going to have you take some time off. No work for at least three weeks. I’m sure your doctor has already mentioned-“
Tony wondered what Howard would think of all this. Or what anyone would think really. Here he was, wearing a suit chosen by Captain America himself, wearing cuff links that were an obvious show of-
Finally, after spending enough time staring at the reflections on the empty wine glasses, he shook his head and scrubbed at his eyes to stave off the burning. It felt like he’d poured his heart out without even saying a word.
“Thought so too.” Steve said, patting the bed softly. Then he stopped and lifted his eyes up, and he bit his lips nervously.
“I’m not worried.” Tony mumbles and feels his cheeks flush when Rogers starts to scent of joy. God, he’s like a puppy.
Chuckling softly, Tony turned and went on his way, smiling every so often when remembered the ring of Steve’s laugh.
Steve felt like an absolute heel. He had no idea why but somehow he felt everything going on around him was because of him. It was like everyone around him was miserable.
Pierce pulled him to the side of the bar and nodded slightly. Clearly glad for the space, he let go and turned to face Tony fully. Something loosened from his shoulders and his smile dropped into something smaller.
“I do care.” Steve insisted, suddenly desperate as he sunk to his knees again and rubbed at his forearms gently. “I tried to call you. So many times, didn’t you get them?”
“Welcome, Stark. This is our research and development team. These are the brightest and wisest young men and women I have ever had the pleasure of working with. And they are going to be your new team.”
“And here we have the main labs. Of course, we come up with only the best designs here, really you should consider yourself lucky you are going to be-“
“That’s Sharon you’re talking about!” Tony insisted and felt for all the world like he was screaming into a void. Did no one see? It was so obvious, how had
“You and I don’t get on. That’s what I know about us.” Tony says and suddenly the room goes heavy with a sick scent and Roger’s eyes are wide. “You told me I needed to stop pretending to be a hero. That you knew men who were worth ten of me.”
“Thank you. I don’t know what I would’ve done without you two.” Steve said quietly and gripped the bag tightly in his fist.
“Keep going, I’m just checking.” Steve said, sounding focused as he then brought his hands to Tony’s face and scanned his eyes.
“Take your time. I’ll wait.” Steve said casually and settled on the couch, both legs spread and arms sliding along the top of the pillows. His eyes traced Tony’s form and went half-lidded.
They lay together in silence for a while, staring at the plain ceiling as they sifted through their thoughts. Frankly Tony was almost convinced that he was hallucinating. This was everything he could’ve ever hoped for.
“Good...I think. It’s extremis.” Tony said with a growing frown and then looked up at Steve in complete awe. “You gave me extremis.”
“Steve...” Tony’s mouth fell open, eyes growing wider as he shifted the bag and realized what he was holding. His head whipped up and he gaped at Steve.
Fishing through his wardrobe, he pulled out a couple of suits and laid them out, making a mental note to ask Fury which one would be best.
“Yeah. Natasha was starting to lose it. She even threatened to call Clint back to shoot his ass. ” Peter laughed but then he stopped and leaned forward.
“What?” Tony jerked his head towards Steve, just in case he’d grown another head. Had he heard that right?
"How about the rest of you? Anything to say?" Steve demanded and even Tony felt concerned. Steve sounded deadly.
“No, Mr. Stark.” She says as she straightens her glasses, though it’s clear she’s upset. “You told me you’ve been trying for months. And when you found out, you were incredibly happy.”
But Steve wasn’t convinced. “You are bonded. There’s something else isn’t there?” His eyes had taken a hard edge, looking like liquid gold in the dark.
After a few minutes of silent reading where Steve had gone back to his own sheets, Tony stumbled upon something he
He doesn’t want to admit it but Rogers hadn’t been wrong about the holding down thing either. But it was something he’d never told anyone about before. Not even Ty because he knew Ty loved it.
Something about the wording caught Tony off guard slightly, but he was too tired to question it. He knew what they all thought of him. What was one more insult? One more personal attack?
“What is Cap?” He finally spoke, ever so softly with eyes that were unseeing. The blood was starting to roar in his ears.
Tony kept his eyes firmly on the window after that. Steve didn’t say a word, but through the reflection, Tony thought he saw Steve frowning at him.
So, taking a deep breath, Tony stood and stretched, holding his arms above his head and loosening the cricks. Then, he waited as always for a perfect victim.
The next time he opened his eyes, Tony felt shakes wrack his body. His head ached with each shiver and his muscles felt sore like he was fighting off a fever.
Tony didn’t know much about the SHRA, other than what he’d read. But he did know who’s fault it was that the team split. And that Norman had taken over and managed to gain one of the armours. That the Skrull had managed to invade. And that Steve had been-
“An opportunity for you to get hurt. I don’t want you going through the motions of trying to get close to Steve, only to be told there’s no hope.”
“I’M TIRED! I’M SO TIRED! NONE OF YOU GIVE A SHIT ABOUT ME AND NOT ONE OF YOU CARES WHETHER I LIVE OR DIE! SO JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!” He screamed feeling his head spin and his heart pound. Tears leaked down his face as the emotions finally fell. He was starting to feel detached from his body and the pain was starting to feel like a distant memory.
“You’re okay, Tony. Take deep breaths.” He heard Steve say and carefully did as he was told, trying not to throw up as the others stared at him with growing concern.
If Pierce was affected, he didn’t show it. I’m fact, he simply threw his head back and laughed like Tony had told him Fury really was a pirate.
“I still love you Tony.” Steve said quietly and met his eyes, hoping to show it through his gaze. “You’re still the most important thing in my life. Even now.”
Several police cars were parked on the streets, the area rapidly being taped off with yellow hazard tape. In the center of the danger zone were several ghouls individually trapped in webbing and screeching as a dozen or so police officers told them they had the right to remain silent. A small crowd of humans, demons and mummies were starting to gather, several holding cameras and taking pictures of the scene. Interesting was an understatement.
“You know I could have you arrested? Right here. All I’d have to do is make one call and that would be it.” Tony said darkly and reached into his pocket to hold up his phone. “One call.”
“Just do what I do.” Tony grumbled quietly, rolling his eyes and waving at the folks on the other side. They kept walking arm-in-arm, until finally they reached the entrance where several guards were standing. Tony noticed Steve drop his hand and so, he did the same.
He shakes his head and turns away. He’s not ready yet. He will be soon, but not yet. When the time comes, he’d rather not be awake. He hopes he’ll be lucky enough to be asleep. And when they find his body, maybe they’ll at least put him to rest.
“So if he’s not interested in you, who is he interested in then, according to you?” Pierce asked curiously.
“Mr. Stark.” Robinson said, twisting from the chair to rest his arm over the back and look him over. “It’s great to see you. Nice uniform.”
As Tony looked around, he waited for a reply, but before Steve said anything, they heard a small noise.
Undeterred, Zeke simply laughed and faced the two children. Tony had to hold back when they flinched under the gaze.
Steve’s words sank into him and took hold like a warm blanket. He thought he could feel Steve’s pulse racing through his body but that was crazy. Steve wasn’t worried about him. They were well passed that.
Tony looked like he wanted to say something there but he didn’t. Instead he sighed and turned to look out the window. For a moment he said nothing and Steve continued to stare at him. Until finally he spoke.
“You used to like red. But then-“ Rogers sighs and looks away. “You said you preferred blue after your first heat with me. You said it made you feel safe.”
“What brings me here is the fact that its six in the morning and you guys are watching a film while some of us are trying to get some sleep. I had a long day yesterday so I’d really appreciate it if you could-“
“They could break you any day now couldn’t they?” Steve hummed thoughtfully, not caring about the way Tony felt like he was being scraped hollow. “I figured, the money isn’t the only problem, it’s probably the jobs too. How many does the company hire? You once told me-“
The ground is rough and jagged under his feet. His body sits in the shadow of an unassuming chain-store and blends against the background as men and women pass by. He doesn’t know what time it is, but he does know it’s around midday, just a few days before Christmas.
Dugan tilted his head and smiled a little. “He talks about you a lot. Says you’re a big deal in the hero business.”
“I...” Tony thought those hands were shaking a little on his shoulders and instantly Tony wanted to turn and check because if Steve was worried-
“Is there something wrong?” He raised a brow and tried to see her face, but the dark haired, slim woman didn’t even bother to turn back round and face him which just irritated him even more.
“He doesn’t.” Steve said bluntly, before Tony could even respond to that. “He doesn’t need to. He’s Iron man. That’s good enough.”
Steve spun back round then and looked Tony in the eye, all humor gone from the scene. “A new face appears. And suddenly the death rate disappears. Locals don’t seem as worried, and the police have no concerns anymore.”
“Tony!” Steve gasped and then steeled his gaze and ripped through the robot like tissue paper. Within minutes, the whole robot started to seize and fall.
“Not much. Well actually maybe you can clarify some things.” Nodding to himself, he pulled out the letter from his pocket and held it up for Steve to see. “Are you really taking me to this thing?”
He could die for all they cared. Right here, right now, in front of all of them. None of them would give a damn.
The soft clip of footsteps caught his ear and when he turned, he recognized who it was. Maria Hill stood before him, giving him a strange look. She was surrounded by four Shield agents of her own and not one of them gave away any expressions. Only Maria’s gaze was scathing.
“Now that that mutt is gone, I don’t need to pretend. You’re my omega Tony and you’ll behave like it.”
They were Avengers. Trained superheroes with a reputation of taking down the bad guys. And not just any bad guys-even aliens.
“So I guess I should thank you.” He heard Steve say as he settled beside him. “This really is something.”
Tony didn’t know what to think. He knew Steve was planning something, just by the way he was talking. He looked totally energised and Tony just couldn’t understand why. Hadn’t Steve agreed they were done?
He was in front of the office. The commanders office. He could get access. He’d already gained access when he’d fiddled with the tablet downstairs.
Steve doesn’t have a name on his skin. He’s wanted one desperately since he was five years old. To have someone chosen for him by the universe, someone that is solely his to stand by his side. Maybe the serum wiped it out or maybe the time difference in the ice messed with his biology or perhaps the universe just decided to screw with him-it sounds like something Tony would agree with, that's for sure
“It’s a crying shame.” Steve explained with a serious expression. “How am I supposed to howl without a full moon?”
“Heya cappuccino. How’s it going?” Tony smiled as he placed all the coils on his workbench. There were plenty.
Tony stared at the man in front of him. The man who’d ruined his life the minute he’d found him in one of those alleyways he now stalked like some sewer rat. The man who’d pulled him back, stripped his body and laid bites all over his neck, forcing blood into Tony's mouth without a chance to escape.
Tony wondered if every couple in a divorce had to sit in a room like this. Wasn’t the point to not see the other person?
“Tony’s going to be fine Captain. He lost slightly more blood during the procedure than we expected but with rest he will be absolutely fine. As we discussed, he’s okay now. His alpha gave him the push he needed.”
“So, mister Stark, your test results have come back. Your blood sugar levels are far too low and your blood shows low mean volume. You need to be careful and make sure you eat carefully from this point on. Otherwise you could become seriously malnourished.”
The agent got out of the seat and gestured for him to sit. Once he was sat down, he picked up the headphones and slipped them over his ears, bringing the mic into position in front of his lips. Then he closed his eyes and spoke into it.
“Barnes.” Tony murmurs and stands from his desk. Carefully, he slides open a draw and takes hold of the letter-the one Steve’s lawyer gave him.
He nodded eagerly, feeling Zeke’s harsh stare on him. “Of course. I wouldn’t even consider an alternative.”
She shook her head and sighed. “I’ve worked with Steve for a while now. I think we’re getting close. We even went on a semi-date a few weeks ago. But he’s just been really busy all of a sudden and I just wondered if you think it’s worth me even ask-forget it. Forget I said anything-“
Feeling something in his chest loosen, Tony bit his fangs into his lip to keep from smiling. Butterflies. He had butterflies in his stomach.
“You’re safe. That’s the most important thing to me. Do you understand?” Steve’s voice suddenly dropped to a hoarse whisper and he swept his thumb under Tony’s eye softly.
“Run by you and patented by you. Yes we all know.” Robinson leaned forward and steepled his fingers under his chin. “You’re the brains behind the machine. The centerpiece. The only piece that really matters.”
Tony wants to scream. Tony wants to deny it. He wants to say no. But he is weak and his body and mind are being assaulted by his hormones that threaten to bring him to tears.
Behind the soft triangle was a medium sized Iron-tsum. Only this was resting on a small blue plush circle and was watching everything ever so quietly. It’s body was rounder than Cap-tsum’s and when Tony looked closer, he saw a baby Iron and Cap-tsum peering from behind. And then it clicked.
Almost knowingly, Steve smiled. “I’m fine Tony. I’ll be alright.” He shifted and tried to hide his grimace when one of the medics tugged at one of the lines. But then he looked back at Tony with a gentle expression.
Eyes wide with the the dawning realization that he’d been right, Steve pulled back and looked at the brown haired, blue eyed genius billionaire who was twisting around slightly and eyeing him warily, and wondered how he’d never seriously considered that the creator of Iron man was very likely to
“You’re lucky Steve.” Tony finally settled on, watching the frown appear on Steve’s face. “Not everyone is meant to have a mate. I know I...”
Tony thought bleakly. She wasn’t mistaken, the minute she bit into his skin, and they were intimate, he would never be able to disobey her again. Once a made vampire such as him was fully claimed, there was no going back. Every word, every order and every demand she made would be carried out, whether he wanted it or not. He’d never be able to say no, the control over his body would be hers forever.
“Everything’s fine. Have a seat. I’ll go round the other side.” Steve ordered and Tony scoffed a little. Steve made it sound like they were about to go to a meeting or something.
It was at times like this that he missed Extremis. The power he’d had just by thinking it. For a small while he’d been strong.
Throughout it all, Steve had listened with laser-sharp focus, his concern growing with every second. He’d wanted to speak and hold Tony every time he mentioned Whitney’s threats but thankfully Steve had managed to keep still and listen at Tony’s request. After hours of listening, he had simply gotten up with a calm look on his face and left, explaining that he needed to talk to his friends. Tony hadn’t ever heard him sound like that. He sounded like a general, or an army officer. A commander.
Tony watched it fall while his vision swam. The world kept blurring and he was starting to see double.
“I do actually.” Steve said, inspecting his wrist carefully, pulling it close to his nose. He glanced at Tony and then pressed a kiss over his pulse point.
“Of course...” Steve turned and looked at the ceiling feeling something stir in his stomach. “Wouldn’t want Captain America escaping on your watch huh?”
“You know what, I’ll call you back. My lunch date is here.” Tony said and cancelled the call before they could be disturbed anymore.
Ty shrugs and instantly takes his blazer and tie off. During the morning when Tony had been with Steve, Ty had apparently nipped out to take care of his own work. When he’d come back, Steve and him had swapped even though Steve had only gone to the gym about a floor away.
“Sorry I didn’t call first.” Tony smiled widely, hoping to get a smile out of her but it didn’t work. If anything she just looked more tired.
When he blinked his eyes open and stood up straight again, he felt red in the face. Pierce just looked at him like the reaction was typical. Hell, maybe in his world, it was.
Tony bristled at that. “The company is more than just my name. It’s the effort of hundreds of employees and countless innovations-“
“It’s not that!” He snapped and instantly shrank back in his seat while the driver pulled them into the tower back entrance. He was in the middle with Steve on his left and Nat on his right. The others were in the car behind them. Lucky for him since it was already awkward enough.
Still. It was nice of her to ask. He hadn't expected anyone to actually take to him. Although she just seemed like a decent person so maybe it had nothing to do with him.
“Was I that bad?” Tony asked, feeling his eyes widen. He’d passed out from all the doctory things and the bullets had been minor bleeds. In the grand scheme of things, they’d had far worse but for Steve to be this upset...
Staying out this late would be a mistake. When he returned, Zeke would flip and Whitney would laugh. He’d get punished but then again, when was that any different to what he always dealt with? The bonding would be the worst punishment imaginable.
“I thought it would suit you.” Steve continued and Tony listened to him as he pulled the heavy watch from the velvet interior. “It should fit okay. I talked to Happy.”
“I don’t know where you got the notion that I don’t want to deal with you.” Fury said with a huff. “And Rogers is an idiot. He doesn’t know what to say to you because he’s nervous.”
Taking a deep breath, he scanned the streets of Manhattan and didn’t let the few camera shots and fan glances deter him. This evening would be fine, at least on the social front. He could handle the politicians fine, and at least Fury would be there if things went south. Taking a deep breath, Tony reached for the door handle and made to pull.
“You’re half right. I get stronger the closer we get to a full moon. That’s when I’m at my peak so.” Steve squeezed his hand lightly and pulled him along gently.
“It’s just an article. Nothing to worry about.” Steve assured him calmly. There was no way in hell Tony needed to hear what it was about. The last thing Steve wanted to do was allow Tony to even
“I’ve felt that before.” Steve said softly, giving Tony his utmost attention. Tony turned to him and smiled gently, watching Steve’s worried eyes dance from the reflection of the light. For a moment, it was just the two of them.
What he’d seen so far wasn’t bad. It was just...different. There was almost no privacy but there was also a strange sense of...togetherness. On one table in the cafeteria, he’d spotted a group of agents-two men and two women laughing over the splodge of food that looked like chicken. Another table had two women playing footsie while giggling at some other agents’ haircut. Outside the showers there were rows of towels next to some lockers.
“Anthony? You’re back early.” Zeke said with surprise, opening the door to let Tony in. This time, Tony didn’t bother to say anything and simply chose to remain silent.
The second he looked up, he saw Robinson looking at him with a pleased expression. “I see you’re impressed. You should be.”
“I know you’ve been draining this area for about a year now. And I know that one of you-“ Steve pointed between Zeke and Ty. “-has built up a group of black haired and blue eyes vampires. And have been doing so for years.”
“Boy?” Gabe said quietly with a knowing look, and the furrow of his brow started to loosen. “Are you alright?”
The chair is creaking under Steve’s fingers. It takes him a second to realize he’s about to break the arms.
“Could you hear us!?” Steve said, feeling his face go red. It was mortifying, that was private and what he and Tony discussed was-
There’s nothing more you can say. You don’t own it anymore.” Tony whispered harshly and was about to pull away, only he felt Steve’s hands cup his waist from behind. Then he felt Steve’s lips brush his ear as the all encompassing heat stretched across his back.
After showering, shaving and brushing his teeth, he secured his gear and sauntered through the sleeping area and straight into the living quarters.
“Steve I...I need to ask you something. And I’m only gonna ask once.” Tony swallowed and clenched his fists. “Who do you think your mate is?”
“And no matter what this joker says, you’re my omega Tony. And I can tell you everything. Ask me.” Rogers lifts his chin, suddenly confident. “Ask me anything about us. About you.”
“Mr. Stark. Good to see you again. The Senator sends his regards.” Pierce said, taking a glass from one of the waiters and raising it in Tony’s direction. Tony wasn’t buying it-the guy was a complete snake.
When they finally parked up outside the tower Tony hedged his bets and glanced at Steve from the corner of his eye before scowling and kicking the door open.
“So what’s on the menu tonight? Star Wars? I vote Star Wars.” Tony butt in, cutting off that conversation with a flashy smile. It did the job because Steve immediately stopped and Nat just stared at him.
“I don’t want anyone else to have me.” He said, feeling giddy as he spoke, especially when Steve’s head shot up in shock. “I don’t see what the problem is.”
They’re seven months in and Tony finds his days to be spread out over Ty and Steve and between all three of them, things are getting ridiculous. Tony feels both alphas getting more agitated as the due date draws near and he also know he pumping out more pheromones than any omega out there. The father of his pup is between these two and getting ready to protect his new family and it’s starting to affect the way all three of them function. Steve and Ty argue more and so does Tony. So it’s no surprise when things come to a head.
Tony didn’t know what to think of that. Somehow, this man had managed to hit the nail on the head. He was bang on, and Tony didn’t even know him until today.
After his memories had come back and he’d confronted Tony, he’d considered having the picture destroyed. He just couldn't bring himself to do it.
“Zachariah. Elijah. Enough!” His voice echoed in the cavernous walls of their home and that was enough to get the children to freeze in their steps. Before Elijah could cause any damage, Tony gripped them by the arms and forced them apart. Effectively cowed, they whined and pouted, their small canines resting on their lower lips.
“Still a while to go. There’s gonna be a bit of dance and then the president’s gonna do his thank you speech. Then dinner and more dancing.” Fury said, and watched him fiddle with the glass. “Why? Not enjoying yourself?”
“Well you don’t need to worry.” Ben sneered and swept his hand out in front of them. “You’re in the back bunk right there at the far end where no one will disturb you.”
“I wish I could tell you what’s right. Like I said, you kept it all very hidden so whatever relationship you had was very well kept. But Tony, is it really so hard to believe he fell in love with you?” She says gently, like she’s knows exactly how hard it is.
Then it hit him. Steve wanted forgiveness. He'd also been suffering. Maybe he'd also been drowning in the guilt that Tony had been in. Maybe they should've talked earlier.
"If there's anything you don't want, you tell me okay? We go as far as you want this to go. And if that means stopping here-"
Steve couldn’t believe what he was seeing. It wasn’t possible, not in any universe. But clearly it was because this wasn’t the first time he was seeing it.
“I kn’w.” Tony sobs softly to himself and looks up at Steve, perhaps for the last time. “I l’ve you.”
The man’s nose wrinkled in disgust. Something guarded fell over his eyes and he stuck his chin up, his hair falling over his eyes at the movement.
Him and Tony hadn’t spoke since he’d come back. Not a word. This past week had been suffocating because of that. He’d felt like he was back in the ice.
Closing his eyes, he took his last breath, feeling the pain start to fade. The sensations were starting to disappear, one by one. His fingers felt cold, then his arms and legs, and now his chest. His vision was slowly turning grey and the ringing in his ears was all he could hear.
Tyler tutted and shook his head. “It’s not to say that you won’t be given anything to fabricate. It’s just that we currently have the best minds working on these designs and you have talents that can be put elsewhere.”
"You should stay here. I'm serious Tony." He insisted, ignoring Tony's wide eyes. "It's better. You get to relax in your own space and I get to keep an eye on you and make sure you're okay."
“You think I brought you here for that? To mock you?” Fury said and scowled at the glasses in his hand. Then he looked up and shook his head.
The look on Steve's face was closed off. There was just a small furrow in his brow. "After you left did you regret what you said?"
“No, no, it’s fine, I get it.” Stark said quickly and all happy appearances had faded. Stark’s eyes had gone tight and his lips looked pinched like he’d been caught doing something he shouldn’t have. “I’ll just go-“
"What do you want from me Steve?" Tony sighed tiredly and felt his eyes close under the helmet. "I put on the suit. Just like you asked."
Steve tried to ignore how badly his own voice cracked. It was hard but he swallowed when Tony clutched at his shirt, his fists shaking so much as he cried his eyes out. Steve could see the strain and when Tony shifted, he saw how tight his brow was and how much he was clenching his teeth.
"I don't want to hurt you." Steve sounded strangled as he rubbed his hand gently over Tony's chest. His eyes kept lingering over the bandages.
“Yeah. How could I ever forget you?” Tony sighs and laughs a little when Steve sniffs quietly and blinks back tears.
With a sigh Tony pushed off the wall and sauntered over to the pair, a short stretch from his cobbled perch to the center of the empty cavern. The siblings were fighting again over an almost empty bag of blood and Zeke wasn’t there to make it right. So naturally he needed to step in.
“It’s been a while hasn’t it? You’re doing well Director, you must be doing something right to be keeping your distance from me.” Pierce said, tipping his glass his way. Fury turned to Pierce, but not before giving Tony a look. It told Tony their conversation wasn’t over, much to his disappointment.
“Done. Consider it done.” Steve says warmly and gives Tony a hopeful smile. He’s hopeful and maybe...
“I kept it you know.” Steve whispered quietly, reaching into his back pocket and Tony frowned at the words.
Steve had not let go since. Even when other agents had noticed, when they'd entered the cafeteria later for dinner. It was clear Steve didn't care.
“Tony, I’m the one who pushed you. If anything, I took advantage of you.” Steve said incredulously but then his jaw went slack. “Did I take advantage of you?”
“I don’t want to humiliate myself in front of all of you here. This is embarrassing enough.” Tony grumbled and hated how everyone’s faces fell at the words. Steve however just shook his head stepped closer to him.
It was two am and the world was surprisingly loud for being so far into the night. Tony crouched between the shadows, moving swiftly from roof to roof, scouting the several blocks he’d been charged with.
“He’s issued the order. You better come in or else.” Maria said harshly, sounding firm as a marshal, but Tony’s mind was in array.
“You should take it. You never know what could happen.” She put her hands on her hips and looked at him but Tony waved her concern away. It wasn’t needed.
“No.” Steve didn’t sound like he agreed though, and his jaw was doing that thing where it looked like he was grinding marbles. “But don’t get any ideas.” He said and nodded in Tony’s direction.
“You’re probably right. I mean-“ Steve glanced at him briefly before turning back to his window, brow furrowed unhappily. “-I’ve been treated like a Captain for the last few years. Since working with Shield I’ve had to balance out a dominating persona with not being seen as unfair. I guess it’s habit that I kind of take charge.”
Opening his eyes, he sat up straighter and glanced at his empty office. His eyes fell on the last decoration in the room. “But the company will be fine. We’ll have a fix for this mess. It’s an opportunity.”
“Still, I know now is an odd time and maybe you’d rather have more time to get to know Ty, but I have one last request. Won’t you humor me once more my pet?” Zeke smiled warmly, as if Tony was blessed to be doing him a favor, or that he lived to make Zeke happy.
Sometimes he wondered if he’d seen this coming. Maybe somewhere down the line, he had and he’d just kept it to himself. Or maybe Pepper or Happy or Thor or Carol, or even Steve-
Peter back legs rose and waved. He seemed happy. “Great! I think Cap’s real excited too. So’s Thor but he’s always excited. He can be a little tough to talk to and so can Natasha but if you have any questions I’m happy to help. We don't bite. Well, maybe you do. And Cap. Okay we all do.”
“Thank you big brother.” The boys said quietly in unison and like they always did, they helped Tony stand and waited patiently as the fog of blood loss slowly vanished. It was a faster recovery than last time. He was getting used to this.
“You choose. It’s my treat.” Steve’s speaker-augmented voice said and Tony knew something had changed. It was almost as if the dark cloud over Steve’s head had lifted. He sounded lighter and happier, like he hadn’t even been on a mission.
Steve didn’t say a word but nodded. Tony just blinked tiredly and tried to bring himself to care. The doctor continued.
What the hell was wrong with these people? Why were they so reluctant to even speak to him? Was he that bad according to these people?
“A paternity test, doctor. Nice and simple.” Ty interrupts before he can say anything and instantly beams and claps his hands. “Once we have the paternity test results we’ll know for sure-“
“I’m okay. I think. Nothing the serum won’t solve.” Steve said quietly and then glanced at himself on the bed. He was covered in a thick duvet to keep him warm. That had been Tony’s suggestion since Steve hated the cold.
Scoffing, Whitney shoved him back harshly and turned away. His back collided with the bookshelf but he didn’t make a sound. He simply waited for her next words.
It was empty save for one person. Mr. Stark was sat on the table, making notes on some tablet of his.
“He wants to speak to Stark. We should let him. After all, Stark got a chance to with him.” Reed spits out, jerking a finger at Steve like he’s poison. “After the Registration Act. It’s only fair.”
“I just worry. If our lord loses blood resources, how will we all survive? I want the faction to thrive.”
Tony stared at him with wide eyes. His eyes seemed to be glued onto Steve’s hands which were clutching at his calves.
Then, before Steve could correct him on the title, Tony pressed the exit button and left before he had to hear another word.
“I can’t-I can’t believe-fuck...” Steve panted and finally, let go of the piece of bent plastic in his hands. It fell to the floor with a heavy clatter but was instantly forgotten when Steve turned on his heel and jabbed a finger in Tony’s direction.
Something softened in his gaze and if Tony hadn’t felt so drained, he might’ve balked at the concern. “When was the last time you ate?”
“Well it’s definitely not the usual issue. At least you’re popular.” Pepper says and Tony can’t help but roll his eyes.
“You’ll get your fill once the father allows it. Ezekiel is fair. You will both be fed soon but you need to behave.”
"Not like this. If we're doing this, it has to be slow. This is our first time." Steve said and warmth bloomed in Tony's chest.
“No. And thank god because I don’t think any of us are ready for kids. Definitely you and me at least.”
Steve was holding him now. An arm around his waist and a hand pulling his head down to rest against Steve’s shoulder. The dizziness eased a bit.
“Oh, and you also beat me. In case you forgot. But I forgive you.” Tony says, and it almost sounds cheery. They could be talking about the weather for all Tony cares.
“Uhh Tony? That guy keeps staring at you.” Jeremy suddenly pointed out and Tony frowned and looked behind him.
Steve looked ill. His face had turned grey and sometime during Tony’s shouting, Steve had shrunk in on himself as if to shield himself against bullets.
He smiled just thinking about it. The good old days where the team would be there, but most importantly Steve would be leading them front and centre, not even hesitating to help whoever needed it. It was a core part of Steve that Tony had loved even then.
Really unsure about what to think, Tony nodded, searching the wall behind Steve. Why was it so important that he dress the way Steve said? What kind of event was this?
Oh, and his body. Jeremy had a slimmer frame with far less muscles and more cushioning. That was nicer to relax on, not like when he’d lie on Steve’s stomach. Steve was built like a tank-all stone, no cushion. Tony still remembered being able to feel each ab underneath his cheeks.
Gasping, Tony stared down at his body, carefully concealed under a mountain of khaki pants and plain shirts, and at least three blankets. Carefully, with shaky hands, he lifted up the duvet and observed his body.
“You can’t mean it. You don’t need to pretend.” Tony shook his head desperately. “Please don’t pretend.”
The library isn't really a library. It's more of a small room with a small seat and a cupboard with books. They feel dusty and forgotten and Tony feels something ache at the thought. It quickly fades however when he takes a seat and fishes out a book.
“C’mon Stark, lets just get this over with. The commander’s waiting inside for you.” She said, turning on her heel quickly. Tony opened and closed his mouth sharply. It was better not to ask-
Curiosity. If he had to point out one flaw in himself, it was his curiosity. It was why he wanted to escape the cavern, why he wanted Zeke to be pleased and why he was now walking in the direction of trouble when he knew he was never meant to. Even Octopoids knew better than to leave their waters.
“How much did it cost?” He asked, voice low and looking at Bucky and Nat with steeled nerves. He was afraid to even ask.
“I’m so lucky to have you Tony. I can’t believe you gave me this.” Steve sniffs and leans over to press a kiss on Tony’s forehead gently. “I can’t even begin to thank you.”
“...I’m tired Steve.” His quiet voice said and more tears leaked out of Tony’s eyes. “Really...hurts...”
“That’s right, see? You’re so perfect Tony. Look at him, he already loves you. You’re amazing, as always. Knew you would be.” Steve whispers between them, and leans forward to press his lips to Tony’s forehead. Then he pauses and smiles down at the pup before doing the same to him. The baby squirms a little under the kiss but doesn’t fuss otherwise. He’s so perfect.
Hearing several agents give updates on his and Steve’s location, he began to approach the warehouse slowly, taking note of the strange heptagonal symbol on the huge steel double doors at the front.
“No. No, I don’t think you should do this.” Tony smiled and finally looked at Steve with lips that trembled. “I just want you to be happy. Be with the people you care about. People who can help you and give you what you need and know what to say. People who would make things right-“
“See you on the other side.” Steve whispered and then winked at him before he was wheeled away, leaving Tony to try and control how much he was shaking. In the background he could hear the medics talking and the people in the background clapping and cheering. Some people were shouting
“Oh?” Tony finally lifted his head up. There was a definite aim behind Steve’s next words. Tony braced himself.
At one point, Tony noticed Fury watching them from across the table. When he looked up, Fury raised his brows and leaned back with folded arms. Tony couldn’t help but smile at the knowing look on Fury’s face. He was in on this too.
After spending a whole day with Steve, Tony began to see a light at the end of the tunnel. A future where they could be together.
There were so many agents wandering through the halls. He dodged passed all of them, not bothering to apologise as he bumped them since they had all been making faces at him anyway. But just when he was a few feet away from the lifts, he bumped into someone,
“Me too. Please.” Tony whispered, looking for all the world like he was the happiest man alive. The dazed expression on his face said it all.
“That’s not all. He mustn’t engage with anyone. You hear me Anthony? Not a single person is to speak to you.”
Before heading back to the cavern, he always made sure to immerse his scent in the cities’ natural flair. He’d scrape his armor against the alley walls, do some jumps in puddles, and smear a bit of blood on his calves to add more authenticity to his imaginary double life.
Would the party go well? Would he look okay? Did Steve have a plan for him after all and it all stemmed from this set?
Steve said the words clearly and it was everything they’d agreed on but Tony couldn’t help but feel like something was off. Like he was missing something.
Tony's eyes gleamed like granite and his expression went cold. He stared at Steve. “And they failed.”
“I wish you’d stand up for yourself more Shellhead. He can’t keep sending you off without giving you a break.”
Feeling the blood leave his body, he felt his mind begin to grow sluggish, his fingers tingling with a numbness he only got when he hadn’t had much. Ezekiel had been less giving at the previous session and Tony had needed to remain in his room the next day to prevent exhaustion.
He was costing Tony time. His emotions were stopping him from thinking straight. Next time, he wouldn’t-
“Well, not exactly.” Tony said, feeling his hands start to twitch. He slid his hand out of Steve’s and clasped it behind his back.
Steve took a deep breathe and closed his eyes, focusing on the feeling of the wind in the face and the cool metal of the armor on his side. Something else registered too, as it usually did when he was this close. The soft bittersweet scent of coffee and the slight tang of metal. Underlying an overall scent of some very clean smelling aftershave.
“Back off Steve. You’re not my mother.” Tony grunted, rubbing at his eyes tiredly. Then he turned at looked at the man he loved.
Tony didn’t seem impressed by his question, in fact, he looked pretty upset. “Of course I’d save you. You were about to play paint on the tarmac! I wasn’t gonna let you fall.”
“It’s not like that. He didn’t ask for anything unreasonable. He even wanted to...” Stark shook his head and bit his lip, eyeing the whiskey carefully. “I’m just such a screw up and he knows it.”
Tony couldn’t help it. The situation, the complete weirdness of Steve, it drew something out in him and his lips twitched.
No, it couldn't be true, he was obviously being irrational, he was sure. What kind of person would choose to hire someone they weren't sure of? Why would Fury, after everything Tony had tried to do, think he was a such bad fit? Fury knew exactly how hard he tried, and Fury-
Steve grinned a little at that. The issues between them were a mile long but Tony was still Tony. He still loved him.
Slowly Tony eases out his card and holds it out. The stranger hasn’t moved and for the first time, he’s still there. Tony is yet to blink. His eyes are burning.
“Thanks.” Tony clinked his drink against Pierce’s and took a long sip. On reflection, maybe he’d been too harsh about the man. Stern was a complete asshole but Pierce just seemed like a typical politician.
Sometimes he wondered how he’d been as director. He didn’t think it would’ve been something he’d enjoyed but Steve and Maria had been clear about how tough the job was, and had showed him past reports.
The children muttered a lackluster goodnight and skulked towards their empty corridor, throwing occasional glances in Tony’s direction. Letting his lips go loose, he smirked and waved in response until they were out of sight.
Whitney and Norman were in the center poised opposite each other, both purebloods in a crouched stance with their knees apart and arms out. While Normans’ fangs were retracted, Whitney’s were bared and her eyes were a deeper red than his.
“Mr, Stark, I want you to take a deep breath for me and start naming five things you can see. Do you understand?”
Steve stared up at him in shock. Tony’s beard was looking slightly blurred around the edges. His dark blue suit was seemed to be brand new but when Steve squinted, he could see the faint creases in the material. Tony’s hands shook where they were now hovering around his knees, and his shoulders seemed to fall out of relief on seeing Steve wake up. And Steve could understand why.
“Hey. Having a good time?” He said quietly, trying for a smile. Something sad flickered across Maria’s face but it quickly vanished.
"Is that it? Tell me that's it!" Tony pleaded and couldn't stop himself from leering. The skin under Steve's fingers was starting to go pink. "Was it the thought of what was underneath? Because I promise you, you won't be disappointed."
Startled, Tony shook his head and blinked. He must’ve phased out a little. Sometimes he did that now. Rhodey said it had something to do with a lack of seeing people.
“Take it off.” He repeats. “I want to see the look in your eyes. I want you to look me in the eye and tell me exactly what you were thinking."
“And things have been going so well.” Ty adds with a hint of sharpness. “After all, it’s brilliant news! Tony’s pregnant-“
Tony blinked harshly, suddenly feeling his mind slam to a halt. How was it fair? He cared about Steve so much but Steve promised he didn’t feel the same, yet the moment someone tried to take him away, Steve would just step in and stop it. It just didn’t make any sense. What on earth was that?
“Gotcha!” Steve beamed and pulled back his hands, keeping them cupped carefully and Tony just gawked at his hands like there was a bomb inside.
Tony laughs at that and without thought, cups Steve’s cheeks in his hands while he looks up. When their eyes meet, he smiles.
Still, for the sake of his principles he ran the risk of freezing to death. Not a great way to go. Here lies Tony Stark who lived a great life as head of Stark Industries but unfortunately didn’t make it back in time. The cold got him first.
Tony nodded and stood. His back ached. His heart beat in a slow and tired rhythm. A pointless effort.
“Fire away. Your wish is my command.” Tony spat out, resisting the urge to mock Steve with a bow. It probably wouldn’t help but that didn’t mean he didn’t feel like doing it. Some things never changed.
So he put down the tablet, ignored the usual mumbling of the other agents as he walked past, and headed for the door.
“Ha. Definitely. It’s not like they even put effort. I mean look at this table.” Tony huffed, gesturing to the hideous steel table that looked like it’d been taken straight for a high school canteen. At least Peter’s school was better.
Steve didn’t say anything to that. Instead he just stared at Tony like he was staring at a complete stranger.
Tony lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. He feels close to bursting, he's so excited. “Steve.”
“Alright, alright.” Tony mumbled, feeling his cheeks start to flush with embarrassment. Behind Steve, he thought he saw a few of the agents whispering.
“So why did you choose to wait till now?” Tony coughed and waved his hand towards the crowd. “I would’ve thought you’d have approached them sooner. Have you approached them? Actually, who is your soulmate?”
At that, Peter just snickered. “Yeah he always prefers Steve at home too. I just like it here too for some reason. Suits him.”
“They’re almost finished. Do you have his birth certificate? That’s the last thing we need according to Pepper.” Bucky said, glancing around the corridor to make sure there was no one else.
There was silence. The loud sort of silence that pressed in on you. The kind that spoke volumes and made it clear that there was more going on than a simple question.
Some time past as they began to twist and turn. Steve guided him backwards and forwards and Tony let him do it all, more because he was just so surprised to see Steve  so confident in something so different to his work. It was definitely something new.
Wordlessly, Grant reached for his neck and plucked at the chain there. With shaky fingers, he reached the tags and pulled them out in offering, unsure as to why he felt so comfortable doing it. Something about this Steve made him relax, almost instinctively.
“Steve, calm down, you’re too wound up.” Thankfully Maria intervened and Tony could take a deep breath. She’d stepped forward in front of him, and was seemingly staring at Steve. Tony couldn’t see her expression, but it was enough to make Steve frown. He paused and didn’t come any closer.
Finally they reached a slightly roomier space by the small wooden bar on the far side of the room. The shelves were stacked with vintage brands, and a regular cycle of people were coming to get their fix for the night. It was ideal since it was tucked away, but of course, alcohol was the politician’s muse.
Tony smiled slightly. “Vampires feast on human blood. I’m sure spiders aren’t any worse. Who am I to judge?”
He charged up his boots and soared through the wave of bullets, hearing and feeling the many knocks of each one. None got through thankfully but his heart raced as bullets flew in front of him. The shield got closer though until finally, he reached out and grabbed it. Then he pushed up and banked over to Steve.
He hadn’t been intimate with anyone since he lost his last mark. He’d paid off a few people here and there, but not once had he actually shown his body to anyone. Swimming and shared showers and even wearing his tanks around the team was not something he wanted to entertain. They’d work it out if he did.
He could feel Maria’s judgement through the line. “You didn’t even hesitate to jump in, did you? The second you thought he was in trouble, you jumped into the suit and threw yourself out there as soon as you could. Because let’s face it, you’re more stubborn than Steve.”
“I’m sorry.” Tony whispered and bit his lip hard enough to split it. The harsh taste of copper and iron was enough to keep him awake. “I’m sorry I left you. I’m sorry I hurt you-“
Once Tony sat down in the plush interior, Steve closed the door gently behind him and began to walk round. But Steve didn’t sit down instantly; instead he started to talk to someone just outside the limo.
They reached a stalemate. They continued to stare at each other, Steve’s eyes flicking over Tony, quick and calculating using this new information. Slowly he began to frown, particularly when Tony's beam only grew.
“No way.” Steve said after a moment and shook his head, and even Maria scoffed. “You’re not coming.”
“They’re waiting for the police but that’s them there.” Steve pointed, leaning closer to Tony to guide his sight. “You see that kid there?”
“Any reason why you waited till now to show?” Steve snarls, and Tony doesn’t move. He doesn’t even respond.
They ate in silence with Tony glancing at him every so often. They’d make eye contact and Steve would always be sure to keep his expressions calm. He did the same with his scent and was pleased that Tony’s wasn’t spiking anymore. It wasn’t nearly as intense, on all levels.
Tony had given everyone their own floor and had given them a group floor for all of them to spend time together. And by them, he meant the others. That didn’t include him.
“My soulmate. It’s you.” Steve repeated confidently like he wasn’t threatening Tony’s body with a heart attack. He couldn’t be serious...
"I do." Steve's eyes crinkled with joy. Something bloomed in his heart at the thought. Tony Stark. A mystery but also a man capable of weathering any storm. He had something special that Steve could already feel himself admiring.
Tony didn’t though. He swallowed and latched onto the chain like a lifeline. Rhodey and everyone else who cared about him would tell him to wait and not give this over yet. He had to look out for himself, that’s what they always told him.
"Yes. But only because I want you to be happy." Tony sighed and looked down, breaking his gaze. "I just want you to be happy Steve. I never want to hurt you again."
“I am sorry to hear of the Avengers situation. They have been plaguing my family too Ezekiel. It’s no surprise things ended up this way.”
“You disgust me. Your kind live to feed off others and none of you give damn about human life. You know some of us were actually human once!”
Maybe he was a bystander that got attacked by the ghouls? But no, that didn’t make sense considering he was unharmed and looked big enough to take down a team of starving zombies. So that wasn’t it.
Slowly he began to walk along the edge of the roof, observing the bystanders smart enough to avoid the abandoned alleys. There were some cars driving by and some small gangs of mummies who preferred the night but nothing extravagant. Nothing he could really use as a distraction.
Pushing himself off the bed, he sighed and made to leave his room. He had to see Zeke anyway, might as well get it out of the way.
“Great.” Steve beamed and Tony almost gaped at the sheer one-eighty. It was even worse when he saw the shit-eating grins on his new team-mates faces when he cast them a horrified glance.
“Just-ah. Delivery from the research labs. Just doing a round trip.” Tony said quietly, and didn’t really respond when Steve gaped a little at him, then clamped his mouth shut and stared. Tony chose not to say a word, and simply placed the pile on the desk carefully with a soft grunt. When he stood tall, his heart suddenly raced and he grabbed at the strap just across his chest desperately. He grimaced when he started to feel sweat. A wave of cold and hot washed over him, leaving him shaky.
So it wasn’t surprising when one evening, on movie night of all nights did Clint bring up the topic of soul marks.
Robinson for his part, looked absolutely overjoyed. “Oh but you see, this meeting was incredibly important. I know you’re looking to take full shares back and I am willing to give it to you. My price is extremely reasonable.” He said with eyes that gleamed in the light. The man looked like he was about to burst.
“I thought you were there. In that building. I’d gotten a lead and I was gonna talk to you. See if we could talk things over one more time. Then there was an attack and I thought you would get hit.” Steve said lowly, meeting Tony’s watery eyes when they looked at him. “I thought you would get hurt.”
“You don’t remember anything past the battle in New York right? Well when I first met you on the Helicarrier, I thought you were the most incredible omega I’d ever seen. Sure we butt heads and sure we fight but Tony, that’s why I love you. You’re one of the strongest people I know and god, when I saw you in your suit, and then later when I moved in and saw you in your lab, I couldn’t-“
“I just...” Sharon sighed and leaned back in her chair, folding her arms as she glanced at the crowd. “You know Steve.”
To say Captain America is pissed is an understatement. Rogers growls at Ty like an alpha about to strike.
“My company Steve. It’s kind of my main issue at the moment. I need to have something in place to deal with that first. And as it stands, I’m having no luck, instead of one offer-“
With wide eyes, he reached into the dust and picked up the small piece of metal. It was tiny and shaped like a triangle, and only the size of his palm, but sharp and broken on one edge.
“Ah, see Stark, we have the designs in place, so we just need you to do some fine tuning for us. Simple and easy.”
This is more than an explanation, Tony thought, but couldn't bring himself to say anything, too mesmerized by the ghost feeling of Steve's lips on his.
“Steve...” But Steve just shook his head and carried on. Another button loosened and somehow Steve was on the last one before Tony could even catch his breath. The shirt opened and Tony’s abs were fully exposed under the blue glow of the reactor.
“Well I do.” Rogers puffs out his chest and folds his arms. “I’m not letting you near him on your own.”
“Right.” Tony murmured, feeling uncharacteristically small. He’d really misjudged that one. Obviously Steve would be like that. Hell, the man had taken a nose-dive into the ocean to get to this level of authority. It was only fair people listen to him.
"With enhanced combat capabilities. You're trained." Steve specified and spoke like he was rattling off facts. No ode to the fact that he had been the one to train Tony.
“No. I just saw you on the roof that day and got attached. That’s all.” Steve said, and his eyes softened marginally.
He was in the med bay. A familiar sight for once, since he’d been here plenty of times as an Avenger. No one had needed to show him this once.
“Perhaps you should send another to those marked areas? I can’t imagine how irritating it would be to lose those parts of the city to another faction.”
Steve made to say something but Tony held a hand up. “I know you’re different. But I know that now. What were the chances Steve, that I wouldn’t end up bonded to the strongest alpha? After the accords I think everyone was expecting you’d bond me just to keep me in line.”
“You’re mine now. That’s it. Our scents are one. It doesn’t matter what your views are on werewolves Tony because now-“ His voice cracked and his lips tightened. “Now you’re mine. And everyone will know.”
“I just don’t want to disappoint you.” Tony said quietly and instantly looked at the floor, feeling like a complete idiot for giving himself away. How could he admit that in front of Steve without even thinking about how stupid he’d look-
“Why does he think that?” Steve asked carefully and somehow they’d reached the car and Steve was opening the door and guiding him into the passenger seat. Once he was settled, Steve came around to the driver seat and sat down, slamming the door shut and cranking the heating right up. Heat started to flood the car like a sauna.
Resolute, the doctor glanced at him again and straightened up. Pale-faced, Steve watched with look full of dread, as the doctor leaned over a little and stared at him.
“Clint.” Nat interrupted, jerking her head at Steve with a frown. Beside her, the Hulk and Thor’s eyes dropped down in resignation. Sam’s expression was carefully blank.
“It’s yours. I bought it for you. It’s a gift.” Steve interrupted him, but without any heat. The shine in his eyes...it was hopeful but hesitant. “You don’t need to return it. In fact, I’d rather you keep it. Maybe you could wear it for our other events?”
Besides, isn’t it more believable that anything Steve had said? It’s definitely the kind of thing he deserves.
Sometimes he had surreal moments. Ideas of what to do and an uncanny ability to do it. Like the wound stitching and the bunker repairs and the little work he could do to repair his only item of clothing. This strange plated armor and mesh suit of red and gold that seemed to both support and tire him.
As they begin to fly, Reed’s words continue to swirl in his mind. It plays back like a tape running constantly.
Pierce was still watching him so Tony made sure not to blink too hard. It was better to distract than linger. The sooner he was able to find some space, the better.
Realization dawns in the woman’s eyes, and slowly she starts to lean back in the chair. Then she crosses her arms and legs and purses her lips.
“We must rejoice! I believe a celebration is in order!” Thor explained and stepped closer until his broad arms wrapped around Tony and pulled him into a warm hug.
“No. I’ll take over from here.” He ordered, and Tony didn’t know what to make of that. He still hadn’t even been looked at by Steve. This greeting was starting to become ridiculously familiar. Perhaps he needed to get used to this new routine. Apparently ex-Avengers didn’t get respect.
Steve glanced at him like he knew what he was thinking and sighed. Then, before Tony could say anything, he carefully stood up. The Cap-tsum stared up at him and when Steve began to move towards the exit with the Iron-tsum, the Cap-tsum began to chirp loudly and swim after him.
“Fine. Just need to eat.” Tony sighed and dropped his hand only to stare at the huge plate of food in front of him. Where had that come from?
Carol swallows but looks equally determined. “We’ve already called and they’re on route. He’s still alive. But barely. He might not make it-“
“You sound very happy. It’s been a good day?” Steve didn’t sound like he’d had a good day. On the contrary, Tony felt he was listening to someone who’d just been in a fight. Steve sounded pretty fed up.
“They might want to see you.” Steve says beside him and Tony turns to face Steve completely. Steve is right beside him, has been the whole time.
“So I mentioned that I’ve booked a room for us at a hotel nearby. I was thinking that when we get there, we can relax for a bit, maybe talk for a while?”
Tony nodded, licking his lips a little. “That's it.” He had so many thoughts right now, he couldn’t even begin to parse them out. But he did have some ideas.
“We can talk. That’s how you knew.” He said loudly into the coms but really didn’t need to. He could hear his voice clearly.
“You...you too Tony.” Steve sighed. Then, without taking his eyes away from the road, he reached out and covered Tony’s icy hands with his own.
Tony was unconscious and Steve figured that was from pulling Tony out of the Beyonder’s control so quickly, his body couldn’t cope with the stress. But then again...
Whitney attempted to protest but Zeke held his hand out, a guarded look on his face. Still, he allowed Norman to pull Tony out of the crowd with a hand and inspect him from the front.
“Okay, so-“ Tony holds out his hands as they follow him into his penthouse. “I only sleep with one of you. I can’t sleep with both of you, otherwise this wouldn’t be the problem we're having.”
“Anthony.” Norman repeated, holding a hand out to beckon him closer. Tony’s ears roared. “Come here.”
“You forced him? You made him fight you during his heat? That’s-“ Rogers exhales loudly and his hands shake. “That’s cruel. What you did was cruel.”
Heart aching, Tony looked at Pierce with dim eyes. “Yeah. Well I’m glad you did. Get involved that is. Thanks for taking a chance on me.”
“Not currently.” Steve said grimly and Tony almost asked why, but decided to leave that to later. This was far more important and it wasn’t his place.
Then when he spoke, the feeling in the air changed. “I checked out the number of deaths in this area. Wanted to get an idea of what I was dealing with. You know what I found?”
Brushing his plain grey tee and dark blue sweatpants under his pillow, he tossed the steadily growing idea back and forth in his head. If the quarters were empty, it was a good time to explore.
“Tony.” Tony heard from his left and turned to meet Steve’s pleading eyes. The eyes of a soldier searching desperately for a home. Or a sneaky super soldier looking for a free ride. He’d never pictured Steve to be an exploiter of all things.
Despite the pain and anguish and rage in Steve’s eyes, they glimmered with hope as they looked at Tony.
Steve reacted. He wrapped his arms around Tony securely, pressing one hand against Tony’s lower back and one hand over his neck. He hoped Tony realized the protective gesture for what it was.
They kissed again at that. The world narrowed to that single point where Steve's mouth met his, and all he could focus on was the sweet taste of Steve's mouth on his, and the slow warm heat that was coiling in his belly.
really. Normally he was the one standing in Steve’s shoes, not the other way round. After all, he was the billionaire, as so many people loved to remind him.
He was breathing heavily and he could see Nat and Bruce and Thor eyeing him from behind Clint, a few feet away. The crowd of people recording were now muttering to each other and there was no doubt everyone had heard every single word. Every little piece of himself he vowed to never share.
And while Tony struggled to open and close his mouth, Steve stood up and fixed him with a look that could kill.
“I obey our father Whitney. Maybe you should too, lest he ask to see what’s under that mask.” He fired back, knowing he'd pushed his limits.
"Unless this is real." Steve urges, stepping closer and Tony hears the faint crunch of glass. "Because you don't know how I feel. How I felt when I died."
, Steve thought, holding Tony even tighter, and kissing him again when he saw Tony look at him curiously.
“Steve. Come in, Steve.” Tony bit out, struggling to think beyond the pain. But he had to, he needed to find Steve.
“Ready.” Tony said softly, suddenly worrying that maybe he’d make Steve look bad. He quickly looked down and checked his suit but then Steve cleared his throat and oh,
“You know us. Then you know why we’re here.” He said sending a meaningful look Tony’s way. It wasn’t surprising he’d work out that Tony told Steve everything about them.
“What’s gotten into you pet?” Whitney smiled one morning and instantly Tony froze at the entrance to the main cavern. It was empty barring her and she was leaning against the wall patiently, like a vulture preparing to hover over a corpse.
Expression grim, Steve nodded and hummed to himself. “So they target you when you’re most vulnerable, hold you accountable when you were dying and try to go for the thing you put your heart and soul into.” Steve scoffed and shook his head bitterly. “I hate the government.”
Tony finished his banana and chucked the peel in the bin across the room. He missed completely but Steve picked it up and dropped it in for him without hesitation, now convinced Tony was doing his own calculations and coming to a solid conclusion.
When he had been...when he had gone, Pepper had told him he had been distraught. Apparently he had been so bad that-
Any spare time he had was spent in his corner in the sleeping quarters. If he wasn’t just lying on his bed, just waiting for the room to clear, he was sitting up and staring at the sky through the window. Occasionally, he’d feel a twinge in his heart when his mind drifted to thoughts of the suit.
“Would you be okay here? I just need to do some rounds and say hello to a few of the brass and I’ll be back. That sound okay?” Steve asked quietly but that glimmer of joy was staying. It was like Tony had taken down one of Steve’s walls and now-
“The Captain believes he has found his soulmate. He believes they have already begun their matching.”
“Why do you...?” Reed frowns at the image mounted on the wall. It was by Steve’s request and had been there for months since he became the head of Shield. It had served as a reminder of why he did his job.
As soon as he reached his room, he bolted the door shut and began to pace, feeling his heart race. The memory plagued him.
With slow steps, Steve placed the bag on the floor and sat on the bed. His hands twitched but he kept still, simply taking in the sight of Tony finally resting without tossing or turning.
“At least one death every five days. Alleys one to twelve. Round the clock and always human. Then something changed exactly three weeks ago.”
Thankfully Iron man had gotten back up, albeit shakily, but in the end, he’d seemed fine and had insisted on taking Steve back to the mansion as usual.
“No human wants to be a creature.” Tony agreed quietly, and that was all the confirmation Steve needed.
Steve was just watching him and smiling. Not like before or any of those other times where there was a smirk or a laugh. He was really smiling, and it was soft around the edges and full of warmth, while his eyes were dancing with delight and there was a genuine happiness about him. He looked so happy, Tony couldn’t believe his eyes.
“I hope they know what they’re doing.” He breathed and pondered what exactly he’d wear. He had some very nice suits and-
There’s a pause. Reed almost looks shocked. Then an ugly frown mars his face and he steps forward with his fists clenched.
It occurred to him that Steve was standing behind him now and was clearing his throat. “I made it. Your stomach was rumbling earlier, did you notice? I worked it out. You should’ve eaten something sooner. Last nights’ dinner probably.”
“Come Anthony. You need it.” Guiding Tony’s trembling body inside, he set him on the bed and unlocked the collar of his armor. It opened up at the front, down to the collarbones.
“Tony..do you want this?” Steve asked quietly. From the corner of his eye, he could see Steve swallowing. “Is this something you want?”
Tony hadn’t known how but somehow he’d made his way down the corridors, against the sea of agents that continued to run past and found himself standing in front of the lift.
“Oh, I’m so sorry.” Ben backed off, pausing to fiddle with his glasses but Tony didn’t buy it for a second, especially when he saw how much Ben was smiling. “Didn’t mean to offend.”
The roar of helicopters emerged. Tony felt voices echo and hands pull Steve away. His eyes drifted shut and silently he prayed.
“Tired but can’t sleep.” Tony sighed, not even bothering to point out Steve’s obvious slip up of his name. If only Steve would make up his mind. “What are you doing here?”
“Commander. Your notes.” Tony said quietly and placed the small pile of paper on the desk beside Steve with a soft thump. It seemed to do the trick as the flames disappeared in Steve’s eyes.
A small huff escaped his lips. This was nothing. He should’ve expected it. Who would want him? He was trouble, full stop. He was extra work. Someone that came with extra problems. A
“I ha-have something.” Tony says softly through chattered teeth. The man turns back to him and stares at him with a narrow look and though his eyes trace over Tony’s face, he doesn’t let that bother him. He doesn’t know why but it’s important he do this. It’s important he lets them know.
“Sorry.” He whispered, wanting desperately to be alone. To sit in his room and just pretend he wasn’t about to be given away as nothing more than property. To pretend he would have a future with someone like Steve.
He was bonded to Steve. He was free from the family. And even had the chance to get a new one. There was so much he could finally do...
“So you didn’t want this!?” Tony gasped out in horror and felt like something was choking him. And suddenly Steve snapped out of his haze too. And he was livid.
Unfortunately, they reached the research quarters quickly after that, and Tony was greeted by the familiar sight of the cold steel door that no doubt held the people who despised him.
“Hey wait! Where are you going? It’s this roof here.” Steve said, sounding thrilled and when Tony spun back, he ignored Steve’s smug look to spring into the air and land on the roof.
“Why did you invite me? Don’t get me wrong, I really appreciate it but we all know I’m the worst choice.” Tony held up his hands in surrender. It was all true, everyone knew it.
“Seeing as these are changing times for you, I thought I could offer you a job instead. As my head of research and development.”
Tony’s heart begins to race. He’s just agreed to sleep in the same bedroom as Captain America. He doesn’t even know if he’s his alpha.
He spun on his heels and walked back the way he came, biting his lip to keep from saying something he’d regret. But then-
“He’s alright Captain. We weren’t going to let anything happen to him, we knew it was a possibility with his heart, so we’d planned for it.” The obstetrician smiles and makes a few notes on the chart. “Though honestly I’m glad you're better and I’m happy to say the baby is very healthy too. I’m so pleased you remember which alpha is yours Mr. Stark.”
"How about you stop being an asshole and stop making my life hell, and instead go back to whichever little shithole you came out of, hmm? How does that sound?" Tony said manically and felt his eyes fall to the picture again. It was fitting.
“He says I talk about you too much. Or something. I don’t know.” Tony shrugged and with a sigh, tilted his head back and closed his eyes. The world felt distant and he was happy to stay here and pretend just for five minutes that Steve was still his. That this was just a romantic night out that had ended in them being caught in the rain. Instead, he was debating whether it was better to use his situation to escape from Ty and run away or use it to seal the nail in the wall and say goodbye to the man he actually loved.
“Yes please.” Tony mumbled, picking up Fury’s pen and fiddling with it. Fury let him without saying a word.
Well there went his bid at freedom. If Zeke or anyone found out, he’d never be allowed outside again. Not to mention the sheer amount of punishment he’d get for even daring to wander into such a populated zone. How stupid could he get?
Time was slow. He spent his days correcting the work he’d done just hours before, spent more time trying to avoid his residents, and spent even more time trying to dodge people altogether.
The warmth and comfort was mesmerizing. He couldn’t remember what it felt like to be held by anyone anymore and yet this felt so familiar and so new all at once-
“Whitney, you need to listen to me.” Norman urged, letting his eyes search the growing crowd of vampires. The young vampires, a gathering of twenty or so, black haired and pale-skinned beings were all watching, crowding against the far wall to observe the impending fight. Nervous whispering filled the room, slowly growing in volume, the longer this played out. Even the twins were watching, chattering quietly between themselves at the sight.
“Which home?” Tony murmured quietly, cracking his eyes open as he sighed. He looked out of the window, watching the neon light of the gas station sweep by. Ty was probably gonna scream at him once he got back. Maybe dump him somewhere else.
He’d lost his memory. Three years from when he’d first woken up after taking a missile to space to be exact.
His shuffling gains some attention and when he looks back, the team are staring at him in silence. They’re not saying a word.
Steve was leaning casually against the door frame, tapping one foot impatiently while keeping his arms folded. His eyes raked over Tony’s naked form.
It was dark outside. There didn’t seem to be lights anywhere, which made sense since he was miles from the nearest town.
Zipping the suit up to his chest, he reached for the white belt and clipped it around, feeling a snug fit. Then he grabbed the white boots and gloves and slipped those on too. Once he’d zipped it up fully, he turned.
“I don’t really know.” Tony admitted, startling himself with the honesty and trying not to shift at the way those golden eyes softened a little. “ I don’t really try that often. Other vampires do it better, I’m sure.”
“Oh, you’ll find that I can, Stark.” Fury smirked and suddenly pulled out a folder from under the table. He slid it across and waited with a knowing smile as Tony frowned and picked it up and opened it. When Tony read it, he paused.
“Sure. I don’t forget these things.” He said, showing Steve an easy smile. See? He was fine. He wasn’t pathetic and he didn’t need to worry because-
Tony thought, feeling his body relax as Steve opened the door and got out. He hoped so anyway. For the next few hours, Steve was the only person he was really going to know. But maybe that would be fine.
“Good.” Tony said in an icy tone that forced the Shield agents to step back. “Because I’m backup. Now
That was another thing. Sometimes his mind drifted to happier thoughts. Like the days when he was part of the team and no one even knew. When Tony Stark had been little more than a landlord and Ironman had been a growing beacon of hope.
“Well that’s a little harsh don’t you think?” Tony said lightly but frowned a little, feeling stumped. “And I seem to recall that I was the one who actually sided with heroes having accountability.”
“Okay, okay! I hear you, wow! Maybe let me breathe a little.” Tony wheezed, batting away the god-knew how many tonnes of wolf on his chest. Steve grunted and thankfully jumped off. Only, as soon as he did, he yanked Tony’s bed covers back and began to squeeze in himself.
Steve looks devastated. His hair is ruffled and greasy, and his clothes look wrinkled like they haven’t been changed for days. Worse than that, there a traces of dampness on his cheeks that reflect off the light when Steve pulls away.
"Tony, what's wrong?" Steve asked quickly, and began to panic when tears started to leak out of Tony's eyes. "Oh god, did I hurt you? Tell me I didn't-"
It had taken far too long to gain an audience with the right crowd and essentially it had come down desperate measures. Steve had planned his negotiations with T’Challa and Everett Ross thoroughly but of course, the resistance had blown their first attempt in a matter of hours. And by that time, Tony had already gone into pre-heat.
“You tell me whether we’re going to improve from this. I think we need to talk it out. I want to forgive you and- “Steve swallowed and pulled his hand away. “I want you to forgive me too.”
“It won’t be for too long. I’ll be quick, I promise.” Tony winked, picking up his phone and waving it. “I’m only a call away.”
“I couldn’t complete the claims this time. I thought I heard someone.” Tony sighed, turning his tired eyes to Zeke with reluctance. Admitting that, didn’t make his night any better. He’d hardly done any favors tonight and hearing that-
With a sharp cry, he came hard, feeling his body shatter, unlike anything he'd ever felt before. He felt dizzy and empty and yet strangely complete, like he'd reached the highest point he could ever reach. Steve had taken him there, and guided him to it, and had given it to him. Their first experience. And Steve had dedicated it to him.
Stunned Tony stared into Steve’s golden eyes. Then he squinted. They were dancing in the light, like the warm embers of a campfire.
“Thanks.” Stark whispered hoarsely and took a long sip, leaving Steve to look him over. The man looked exhausted.
"Come." Steve murmured, looking away as he led Tony to the dance floor. They received many stares as they approached but Steve stared right back with his chin held high and somehow that did the trick. No one stared too hard after that.
Zeke’s smile grew but the skin around his deep red eyes grew tight. “So why did you give it to them? Do you wish to lose favor-“
Pulling his gaze away from the endless sky, he turned and glanced around. Someone had left a couple of magazines on some of the tables. Not porn (though Tony would’ve laughed at the poor hiding spot), but just some generic gossip magazine on the latest celebrities and crushes. He was pretty sure he would have at least one mention in it. He always did.
One; this man was the same man Tony had seen earlier. The same golden eyed, big blond with gravitas.
“Hello to you too.” Tony grunted, wiping his hand against his mouth quickly. The taste of iron still lingered.
Steve went quiet. Tony got the impression he was having a silent discussion with his team. But then-
“You’re doing so well. So well.” Steve murmured. Tony groaned again and choked back a sob. “So well, Tony.”
“Tony.” He heard in his ear and couldn’t help but let out the breath he’d been holding. “I hear you load and clear.”
Suddenly it was like there was a stone in his throat and he could barely swallow. His eyes stung as he realized that he was right.
“Oh yeah? So how does me working here help them? I should be out there trying to look for my shares.”
I have read each and every comment from the previous and I am extremely grateful! It’s late where I am now and I need to sleep because of work but I will reply to each and every comment tomorrow because you guys are SO WONDERFUL AND IT JUST MAKES ME HAPPY!!
He didn't want to let go of this. He was so terrified of the prospect of things going back to how it had been before that he almost didn't let go of Steve's hand when they reached the elevator. Luckily, he did and he pressed the button for the lift to go up. It was just like how they first started.
Another week passes. Strange doesn’t say a word to him, clearly having decided to join T’Challa in shared silence. The Avengers continue to build while Blackbolt and Beast accompany Reed in the monitored labs.
“No. I said I wanted you. And I had you. It was a good night and I’ve gotten what I wanted. I’m a vampire Steve. And vampires need more than just a werewolf.”
Before Tony could ask what was so hilarious, he felt a warm body press close against his back, and felt a hot breath brush his ear.
“I’ve got you.” He said and without wasting a second, he pressed his lips to Tony’s, feeling something slot into place when their lips met.
“Whoah. I forgot how insanely strong you are. Could give a guy a complex.” Tony said faintly, not registering Steve’s hand slip around his neck.
For some reason, he remembered the guards at the front door. The snickers of the politicians and the stain on his shirt.
"You weren't wrong. I did keep Iron man away. It hurt to be so close and not be able to tell you." Tony explained and ducked his head, taking a shuddery breath. "I'm sorry."
“Wow...” Tony whispered and reached up to touch the center of the mark just on the center of Steve’s chest. It was so big and-
Tony would dream about their lips meeting. Steve’s bright blue eyes growing wide with delight before slipping closed as their lips touched. Steve would wrap him in his arms and pull him close, and they would share a moment just for themselves before the world stole them again. But they’d always have it there, waiting in their minds and hearts.
A sharp twinge of guilt follows. He stares at it and bites his lip to keep from screaming because all he can think of is how despicable he’s become. Of how wretched and lost he is. Of everything he’s lost.
“You’re in no condition. We’ve just gotten you verbal. You need to relax.” The medic sighed and looked at the ambulance a few feet away. “Your mates’ gonna be fine. I’m getting reports that they’ve stabilized him.”
Fury pulled him back and before Tony could even react, he was pushed into the seat Gabe had swiftly pulled out and was tucked in before he could even blink. Behind him, Fury clapped his hands on his shoulders and spoke up.
The force of Steve’s stare made him agree. He had to, otherwise Steve would not let this go. “Fine, I promise.”
“I missed you too. I’m sorry I’ve been out so much. Though I gotta say...” Steve slipped under the covers and curled his arms around Tony comfortably. “The idea of you being in my bed while I’m out is distracting.”
Steve’s eyes softened. “It was a good night wasn’t it?” He said and Tony caught him looking at him with bright shining eyes.
The lawyers guided them to a nearby room with a small round table and a few plastic white chairs and waited for them to get seated before turning and closing the door behind them. Then it was just them and the clock on the wall ticking. Nothing else made a sound, not even them.
Tony started to panic. What was happening to him? His body didn’t feel real anymore and it was like he was being possessed by something. Or like he had the same disease Whitney had on her fangs. It was eating him alive from the inside.
“Steve, looks like you’ve made a friend.” Tony chuckled and pointed at the little Cap tsum who was staring at Steve like he’d taken his favourite toy.
“They don’t know yet.” Steve was quick to say, like he was trying to hush Tony or keep things down. “I haven’t told them, but yes, it’s someone we know.”
Thank you so much to everyone for your support and patience! I can’t thank you enough for you continued interest in this-it’s been an extremely busy couple of months for me recently with the way COVID has affected us and my work but I am continuing to write when I can! I hope you still enjoy this, even with the break we’ve had! We’re nearly there!
“Okay. Good.” Steve said, looking around quickly as if searching for something. Then he bit his lip and settled on an empty glass.
Tony could vaguely remember a time where it hadn’t been like this. When Thor and Jan and Rhodey and so many others had stood beside him as he donned his suit and saved the world. He’d been Iron man and even Steve had-
“I-I know you don’t trust me-or you’ve-you’ve never been a fan-“ Coughs wrack his body and he faces to one side to avoid afflicting Steve. He’s always been difficult and infected so why should he put that on Steve?
Tony whined and took a deep breath, huffing when the man shifted and sat them up even more. The man chuckled at that and Tony felt lips press firmly against his hair.
“Wait here. Sit down and rest.” Steve said and patted the chair again, feeling elated when Tony gave a little roll of his eyes and did as he was told. Steve wanted to hold onto that eye-roll with both hands and hope that it was a good sign. He really hoped it was.
Steve didn’t take his eyes off the omega in front of him. He didn’t dare stray even for a minute. This image would be seared into his mind until the end of time, something that would haunt him forever. But he simply needed to remember it for when he pushed back against the government.
Silently, Steve unscrewed the cap, careful to avoid bursting the bottle and slid a hand under Tony’s shoulder, lifting him to guide the drink to his mouth.
Something flashed in Steve’s eyes, and he glanced at Tony. But as quickly as it appeared, it vanished, leaving Tony feeling off-center.
Well figures. The man did seem happy to ask him for things these days. And to think he used to resent the days when Steve was quiet enough to blend into the wall.
Thor looked worried too. His expression was dark with rage but it was clouding over with something that looked a lot like fear. Tony wasn't used to seeing that on him. The last time they'd spoken, Thor had turned his back on him.
“You have a therapist too?” Steve asked gently and to Tony’s surprise he didn’t comment on the PTSD.  Small wonders he guessed.
“I did.” Tony said softly, looking up. “And well...you know what this law is. You know what it’s meant to do. How many omegas would have been in the same position? How many alphas do you think actually disagreed with it?”
If Tony had a drink he would’ve choked on it. It was so not what he was expecting from the man who didn’t give anything away.
“His vitals are stable. But his blood pressure is low and he’s badly starved and dehydrated. And I don’t think he’s slept in a week.” Strange said, pulling Steve right out of his thoughts. No wonder Tony had just passed out. Right now, he was still lying on the ground but at least he was safe.
freeze in his hold. “I didn’t even consider until now. But-” He took another deep breath. “That makes perfect sense.”
Still, he hopes Steve and the others are warm and safe. He hopes they’re together and celebrating Christmas with all the little things families do. He wonders if they're gathering around a table with warm food and plenty of smiles and maybe there’s even eggnog and-
The man clicked the device off and placed it back in his belt holder. Then they all stood and waited awkwardly for someone to break the silence.
Tony scrunched his eyes and turned his head the other way, frowning as he did when his cheek fell into Steve’s now empty palm. The injector slipped out of his hand and fell forgotten on the ground.
Suddenly it hit Tony. They could have this. He could have Steve like this and if he was lucky, he could keep living like this and be happy.
“I meant the Avengers Tony.” Steve said tiredly and met his gaze with a pleading look. Tony just stared back at him with a mix of shock and irritation.
“Why do you care?” Tony snapped and folded his arms as he faced him. “It’s not like you actually want to deal with me. And It’s not like Steve actually enjoys talking to me. Everyone time we speak, we just don’t click. And every time I think I’m helping, he snaps. What’s the point?” He sighed and threw up his hands helplessly, spilling the water from his glass all over his arm.
He didn’t say a word. He simply turned around and left, trying not to let the sounds of laughter make him do something rash like pick up the suit he’d promised to give up.
Tony lowered himself until he was just above the robot and let Steve go, dropping him directly on the robots head. Then he swooped low and circled round trying to get a good entry point. He was struggling to find one with those claws waving around.
He nods. Something lightens in him when the look of Steve’s face vanishes and is replaced with a look of complete awe.
The room was well lit from the translucent wall of glass that was posing as a great backdrop for Steve and the room overall. Other than that, there was just a long black desk with several slim computers and tablets and multiple stacks of paper. Tony was sure he spotted at least three phones on the desk.
“Seriously Pep, how is this my life?” Tony groans on the phone and sighs. “I didn’t even want an alpha. How come I have two?”
“L’t go? You m’n...” Tony looks down and sniffs. He’s cold and his heart aches. “You m’n I should g’ve up?”
Suddenly he spotted something. Over in the distance, far in the midst. A ship, just beginning to appear over the horizon.
“Tony.” Steve blinked, looking like a deer in the headlights. Then his eyes narrowed and his voice went cool. “Stark. Why are you awake?”
“You did more than that.” Tony spat out and yanked his arm back, spinning around to point at Steve. “You did so much more, you know that? We’re meant to be a family, Steve-“
“You were.” Captain Roger’s expression grows pinched. “Me and the others demanded Fury change that. And then you agreed to join the team.”
"You're good at this." Tony pointed out, minutes later, when he realised Steve wasn't letting him go. They'd reached a comfortable pace, with their feet moving in perfect harmony.
The waiter came to them and nodded at Steve, leading them to a table tucked away at the back of the restaurant. It wasn’t too busy thankfully but that was likely because they’d missed the lunchtime rush. There was still enough people to attract attention though so Tony was grateful for the seating.
He wants to tell Steve he doesn’t think he’s worth the effort. He wants to remind him that he was so close to ending it all but Steve already knows. And despite all that, Steve still hasn’t given up on him.
Tony honestly felt blessed to have a front row seat. He resisted the urge to howl with laughter when Whitney lowered her hands.
Tony was the same. In his anguish, he was beautiful. But his eyes were filled with tears and full of pain and fear. He was so scared and yet so desperate, it was no wonder he’d been afraid.
And just like that they scurried away, like mice set free from a death-trap, leaving Tony to stare at Steve in awe.
Once the door slides open, Ty walks in and takes his blazer off. Same as he always does, he strips off the first parts of this three piece suit and-
Suppressing a shudder, Tony pulled back his lips into a smile, letting his fangs show. “I don’t know what you mean. I am loyal to our lord, Whitney. I would never go against his wishes.”
“Aww, what’s the matter Stark? Afraid the beds will be too small for your gigantic ego?” Ben reminded him like the pain in the ass he was. Tony seriously considered which one was worse; Doom or this jerk.
Looking back, Tony should’ve known then how things would pan out. But at that moment, all he felt was shame.
“Because you asked me and Pepper to help you delete your brain. And you forgot all that when we still live with that every single day.”
“Anyway I just wanted to see how you were doing. I’m pretty much done with the introductions so...” Steve eyes met his and his lips twitched up. “I’m all yours for the night.”
In the early days of his time as an Avenger, Tony had spent a lot of time with Steve. They’d been through so much together, a never ending tale that spanned through time. Looking back, Tony probably romanticized it a lot more than it had actually been. Steve hadn’t loved him after all. He would’ve said something if he had.
The familiar taste of iron was there but there was so much more. Those scents, pine, vanilla, sweat, warmth and more-
“So we haven’t exactly gotten off on the right foot. How about we start over?” Tony tried, and gave a tentative smile when the woman who’d invited him to sit, looked up hesitantly. Just as she began to smile back though, Trish scowled and stabbed a fork in Tony’s direction.
"You haven't done anything? You haven't taken anything?" The scarily accurate Steve says and before Tony can even open his mouth and say anything, Steve is following his eyesight and turning to look at the things on his desk. Then he lets go and heads for his desk.
“Hey mister!” He calls out, waiting for the man’s head to turn towards him. “Can you do me a favor?”
Reed looks at him. His eyes dart over Steve and finally, he breaks eye contact. But not before Steve sees the way his eyes glisten with pain.
He had to be careful. If he wasn’t then who knew what would happen. They’d deliver his remains to Pepper and that would be the end.
“Oh don’t look so worried, I’m fine.” Tony waved, gesturing at the firm clench of Steve’s jaw. “You’ll break some teeth doing that.”
The metal frame felt cool in his fingers and somehow that made him pull it close. He’d been happy once. He could be happy again.
Half the energy drink was finished by the time Tony pulled away. Putting it aside Steve let Tony push himself back against the headboard and collect himself for a moment.
He was in Steve's bed and they'd spent the day together. Then later, Steve had invited him in and they'd talked and-
“You will eat, sleep and work with them everyday until the work is completed. Do you understand Stark?”
“You told me no one cared if you lived or died. The other day, outside, that’s what you told me. Because somewhere along the lines you forgot just how far we were willing to go for you. No matter what’s happened, that hasn’t changed.”
“Jeremy.” Tony smiled and pat his back happily before pulling back and holding him by the shoulders. “It’s so good to see you.”
Enraged, Sharon, spun on her seat and gave him a look that was scorching. “You don’t think it’s a little insane!? Not to mention,
“If you say Stark, I will walk out of this door and never speak to you again, Rogers.” Reed hisses with revived rage and almost jumps forward to attack him. Strange stops him again but this time, he gives Steve a disappointed look.
being forced down.” Rogers says with such an awful expression. He looks like he’s gonna puke. “It scares him.”
Tony thought Zeke looked distracted. But he didn’t dare comment. “It was good. I laid the claim and didn’t speak to anyone. It was fine.”
The thought of water filled his mind. He almost reached for his bag and took one of the tins out, only he couldn’t. What if someone on the blue ship needed it more?
Steve opened his mouth to say something but then he snapped it shut and stared. Then his eyes flicked between him and Maria.
It wasn’t long before they were in the air and he could truly stop and relax. Soon enough, he drifted off to sleep, the travel finally getting to him.
“Ah Anthony! Perfect timing, I’d like you to meet someone. Come, come!” Zeke burst into his room, eyes wide with delight and expression fully smug. He didn’t waste time, clapping his hands for Tony to follow him into the main hall.
The cavern was quiet at four in the morning. Slowly he made his way through, making no noise as he did. When he reached Zeke’s room, he knocked on the door lightly.
“I’ll take you to my place. You can warm up there and recover while I sort things out. You said your boyfriend just left you here?”
“I know why you did it. I get why since I’d do the same. But can you please, for once in your life stop giving me a heart attack?”
“There was no recovering from what I did. What we went through.” Tony dodged but Steve was watching him like a hawk. “I’d heard rumors that you were just keeping me here to keep an eye on me. Because I was...”
His voice barely carried amongst the chatter. No one turned and no one answered, something he tried not to feel stung by since usually he stood out in a crowd and was usually heard.
“God, I’m going to kill him.” Rogers whispers and brushes Tony’s hair out of his face. “You’re not alone. Trust me.”
Shaken from his thoughts, Tony turned and met the man of the hour. Steve was wearing a very attractive light blue shirt and some very well cut jeans that did wonders for his ass. He’d gotten a haircut, Tony noted and he had to admit, it really suited him.
His face is pale and covered in scabs, no doubt as a result of the infection eating away at his skin. His lips are parted ever so slightly, like he's mid sentence and if Steve thinks about it, he can picture Tony talking happily about his latest and greatest at SI, with full lips that curve into a bright smile. This man who has so much to say but right now...
It was only on the drive home that Tony realized he’d completely forgotten to ask Fury about the dress code. Huffing to himself, he waited for Happy to finish pulling up outside the tower and charged straight towards the elevator. Jarvis had him moving within seconds.
“You shouldn't have come here Strange.” Steve says through grit teeth. Thankfully, Strange bows his head compliantly.
Tony’s arms don’t hug him back. They don’t pat him on the shoulder as he smiles. They fall to the floor, cold and forgotten.
“You can’t just say you’re leaving and not say why.” Tony explained, resisting the urge to grab Steve and shake him. How did he need to stand here and explain why Steve shouldn’t leave?
“And the chairs. Why white?” Steve shook his head sadly, squeezing his fingers around the arm and watching the plastic bend under.
The mistake cost him. Hands yanked him by the collar and shoved him to the floor. Then he was dragged harshly into a dim alley way he’d never seen before.
Nodding sharply, Steve reached out with ridged hands and grabbed the jug. After pouring out a glass, he placed it next to Tony’s plate and nodded.
“Tony?” Steve heard himself say before he could stop himself and Tony jerked once before jolting up.
. I can afford my own clothes and probably yours too.” Tony repeated for what felt like the hundredth time. Still, Steve didn’t budge. He only shrugged and grabbed Tony’s hand firmly, forcing the piece of paper into his palm before letting go.
He looked kind of...tired actually. A bit dulled and a little thinner than he remembered but nothing too concerning. Just something to watch he thought.
“Anyway, I think I should leave you to it. Wouldn’t be fair of me if I kept him all to myself. Enjoy, I’ll speak to you all later.” Pierce said and with a final pat, his hand slid off Tony’s back and he walked away.
For a minute, Tony watched several emotions flicker in Steve’s eyes. Fear, joy, anger, pride, affection and-
“Yeah. No problem.” Tony said quietly, feeling something twist in his stomach. Steve didn’t want him looking at him like that. People often didn’t like him looking their way anymore, especially after he shut down the weapons after Afghanistan. And stopped offering to sleep with anyone.
“He’s probably busy. You know, important person and all that.” He shrugged and did his best not to let his lips fall. “Don’t bother him, I just came to let you know.”
Not really registering, Tony felt his lips move and then felt the Doctor grip his shoulders and lie him down on the plastic covers gently. Once Tony was completely flat, the man slipped a strange device with a plastic tip into his ear and held. The device beeped loudly in Tony’s ear and if he hadn’t been so detached, it would have startled him.
“Fine, except for the fact that you just sent me a contract stating that you might need to live on the Helicarrier for six months!? Who does he think he is!?”
Jeremy’s face too. It was less chiseled and angular, and just seemed a little less like the models you’d see in Dolce and Gabbana and more like the comfortable, no-upstaging boyfriend material. Unlike Steve who had jawlines so sharp, Tony genuinely wondered if they were real.
. It was incredible to hear Steve say such things when the most they’d ever spoken was in mission reports and meetings. This really was a first and Tony was almost in awe of how much Steve was on to him.
I can’t just sell you to someone else.” Steve said quietly but his tone was firm. He stared Tony down and didn’t look away.
From the corner of his eye, Gabe looked down. He must’ve noticed too, but kindly opted not to mention it. Instead, he turned to face the dance floor.
Tony watches in growing horror as Steve claps a hand to his mouth and starts to sob. Tears begin to build up in his eyes and it tears at Tony’s very soul that Steve looks so broken. He looks like he’s been torn apart and Tony knows it’s his fault.
Silently Tony shook his head against Steve's chest and exhaled. Then shakily, he pulled back and looked up.
When morning came, Tony came to slowly and registered several things. He was in a huge bed, fully naked with arms curled tight around him. And along his back was a firm chest and a familiar body.
“Actually.” Tiberius, his future owner, interrupted. “I’d prefer the bonding to be sooner. How about next week?”
“A born vampire. They don’t need blood to survive but they use it to gain strength. And that strength helps them rule. They also have the ability to bond vampires to them.”
That answered his question. It wasn’t his hope talking anymore. This really was Steve. And he really did care.
“No, nothing. Just...fine.” Tony blew out a breath and looked around. The ballroom was pretty much full and it looked like things were about to start. The president's speech would be up soon. “I’ll stay.”
“I...well-“ Stark took a deep breath and swallowed, looking a little lost, and really Steve didn't blame him. “My best friend...he asked me to do something I couldn’t do. Because he wouldn’t be my best friend if I did it.”
Something in Natasha’s eyes dawned when he looked at her. Her mouth parted and she frowned before closing it.
“Marks don’t just come and go.” Tony scowled and folded his arms to hide how much they were shaking. “They just go. Simple as.”
Still, Stark seemed to stop crying. He just gave Steve a tired look, like he knew what he was thinking.
Slipping a hand under Tony’s chin, he guided Tony’s head upwards to expose his throat. Holding the position, he angled the injector at the base of his carotid and prayed.
"N-nothing." Tony coughed out and groaned, feeling his legs shaking. He was starting to sway. "Mission success commander."
It was like being kicked in the stomach. Tony almost wished he hadn’t come, just so he could have avoided hearing that.
“It doesn’t matter. I love you, I don’t care if anyone knows. Right?” He said softly, looking so hopeful, it nearly broke Steve’s heart.
” He’d replied, giggling lightly when his mom had traced her gentle fingers over the smooth lines running in the creases of his wrist on his left arm.
Stern looked shocked for a moment. Even his little pack did too. But then they started to mumble to each other.
Before the SHRA, Steve had cared about him a lot and had always been there, always. As in, he’d always make sure he was okay after attacks, would always bring him food and ask him for meals every day, and hell when they had been living together in the mansion, Steve would always train him. Lots and lots of physical training.
Tony frowned at the tone. If it hadn’t been for the headphones, he would’ve thought the guy didn’t like him. But of course, it was so loud up in the air, he couldn’t be sure.
“Sorry.” He murmured, looking away and stamping on the burning feeling of his cheeks. It couldn’t really get worse, he figured. He was disgraceful that he kept thinking this way when Steve was just trying to get the job done. And Tony knew he was a handful.
"Very careful. Has always been. He never wanted to take risks." Pierce sighed, shaking his head a little. "I'm just so glad he listened on this one. Thank god it worked out okay, otherwise Shield would've probably hunted both of us. Hardliners, I'm serious."
“Tony.” He whispered, feeling his body go cold. His senses felt washed out, like he was about to give out. Only he heard a sound-
“Mr. Stark. How are you feeling?” The doctor also asked and walked to the other side of Tony’s bed, picking up a pen light from his pocket to wave in Tony’s eyes. Tony jerked back when the doctor gripped his chin and held him still.
“Well.” Steve said and folded his arms too. “I hated seeing you like that too. If I wanted a submissive omega Tony, I wouldn’t pursue you.”
“That’s the one. She’s not the one he’s after. Don’t be fooled, he’ll say no to her, mark my words.”
“My...” God, did he really want to discuss his new boyfriend with his old one? Hadn’t that caused him to be stuck in this situation in the first place?
Because that was what they were talking about. Their feelings for each other could be destructive-could drive them to do unspeakable things. But it also acted as a magnet that pulled them together. It joined them and held them still and never let go.
When he’d become what the world quickly identified as a superhero, he’d never pictured a moment like this. Where something as simple as Steve cupping his face would make so many people so...
He's everything people don't want him to be. A disappointment, a distraction, an empty space that was never filled. He is a ghost of himself and people know.
Carefully he pushed the frame under the bed and continued to unpack, loading various bits and pieces into the lockers. At least he had a bit more space since none of the other agents would be sharing. That was fine, better even.
This was it’s mate. The soft sleepy Iron-tsum was pregnant and was having lots of babies. This was their home. And the young medium sized Cap-tsum was the father. He was trying to protect them.
“Fine.” Steve said calmly and took out his water bottle before slamming the fridge door a little too hard. Without saying a word, he snagged a banana from the fruit bowl and then paused. Then he took a few more and an apple for good measure.
“I’m not a kid...” Tony frowned but didn’t seem too upset. He took a sip and pulled back with wide eyes.
Rhodey arrives at the tower as War machine within twenty minutes, during which time Tony is busy trying to calm his racing heart and aching body. Ty is with him but isn't much help, too busy demanding the ambulance hurry up.
.” Steve breathed and Tony tried desperately not to push Steve’s hand away as he slid his whole hands onto his shoulders. Carefully he began to slide his hands down along Tony’s back until finally they curled around and settled onto his waist comfortably.
-“ Steve then groaned and almost fell forward, only Tony instantly reached up to catch him by his shoulders, feeling his senses sharpen. Steve’s eyes were starting to flutter closed, making Tony’s heart rate skyrocket.
Casting his gaze back to the children, he assessed their state. At ten years old, these twins had been chosen to join the brotherhood, hand selected by Ezekiel for their features. They both had jet black hair, large bright eyes and a well defined nose. The shape of their lips was supple and in their previous life, must’ve been a healthy pink. Even their eyes would’ve been a deep blue, Tony was sure.
"I know what it says!" Tony growled and snatched the tablet out of Ben's hands before he could start digging through any more of his notifications. He knew Steve was calling him back to the office. He also knew Ben was likely to make a big deal out of it. Something along the lines of-
His fingers touch something wet and instantly he swipes his face and holds his hand up. There’s no blood thankfully, or none that’s fresh but there are tears
At that, Tony smiled broadly and reached across the table to take Jeremy’s hand, enjoying the way Jeremy went bright red.
That night, when Steve finally returned, Tony was just starting to doze, his body finally feeling relaxed enough to laze. Thanks to Peter, Tony knew every tid-bit of information on The Daily Bugle and the extensive ways in which Peter’s boss, a demon with a severe case of arachnophobia, managed to slay the legendary group of Avengers on an almost daily basis. Tony couldn’t help but wonder if the kid was a secret fan.
“M’ in a hospital...” Tony croaks and suddenly breaks into coughs. His throat and nose feels sore and his head is pounding under the cold tube lights hanging above. His vision hazes for a moment until he can clearly make out Steve’s expression completely.
Tony couldn't stop the slow, gleeful smile spreading across his face. "You mean when you saw me in that tiny red thong? Is that when?"
He’d just cried in front of Steve-in front of everyone. He’d just screamed at him publicly too. Steve probably thought he was insane.
“Did you hear? Those menaces aren’t slowing down at all! I swear it’s because of people like them that we can’t grow anymore!” Zeke cried, waving a newspaper over the table in his living area. They were seated on several artisan couches around a wooden table that looked about a hundred years old. Tony wondered how some of the furniture was even standing half the time.
“The armor would keep running for as long is the power held, not opening for any command except one. Perhaps Tony created the time-limit, we’re unsure. But we know he chose it’s purpose for one reason.”
Maybe Tony should’ve been scared. Maybe he should’ve screamed or yelled or cried with despair. Maybe he should have gotten up, hit Steve for taking that choice away and ruining his life. Steve certainly looked like he expected it. Instead-
“What about resources? Stark industries offers a huge research and development team which everyone knows is-“
There was a moment of silence again. Only this time, when Tony eyed Steve, he noticed a frown appear on his face. The blue eyes dashed in thought.
“Hmm Janice right? She’s a sweet old gal isn’t she?” Steve suddenly stopped and turned to Tony and smiled.
“TO HELL WITH YOU ALL!” Strange roars and the whole room flinches. “You told us-YOU TOLD US, WE WERE MONSTERS! YOU CONDEMNED US FOR EVEN DARING TO PLAN IT! AND YET TODAY YOU STAND THERE AND-“
Something in Tony warmed at the words. Earlier he’d been a bit stumped by Steve paying for his suit but now that he’d thought about it, he knew it was just a one off. It had been a nice gesture, even if it had caught him off guard.
Tony touched his mark briefly, wondering just how much he had yet to learn. Still, he had time now. “I’m guessing Steve wasn’t expecting a mate this soon. I must’ve come out of nowhere.”
Reed is working diligently on one of the other tables when he hears Steve’s voice. He glances over his shoulder and shrugs.
“Hmmm.” Tony tilted his head and returned to his position of leaning over the balcony edge. Steve didn’t copy him this time but instead leaned with his elbow and kept his body facing Tony’s, and really that was just unfair since Steve looked far too good in the shirt and jeans that it was making Tony feel a little bit uncomfortable around his own pants-
“I’m not done here. I want you to stay with me and we’re gonna sort this whole mess out. How you two managed to screw it up is beyond me but we’ll sort it.”
He wonders if this is what it feels like to die. If all the near death experiences he faced in his previous life were a lie.
It was the woman who'd asked him to sit at the table all those weeks ago. One of the few people who hadn't sworn at him, or mocked him for his recent failures.
Tony figured he liked this kid. Peter was a really friendly neighborhood spider and Tony liked that he seemed so open and honest. A complete contrast from Norman and Whitney, plus Peter had save his life.
"Hey team." Tony grinned, and turned around to face Ben and a small group of his friends. Trish and Sam had joined him too. "Long time no see."
