. She doesn't respond, but sometimes he dreams of her kissing his forehead and telling him it's alright. He wants to reach for her, but his arms are too heavy, and the vision slips away; smears away like a hand wiping oil paints across a canvas.
“I really, really would like you to fuck me-”   Tony says seriously.  Steve sucks in a sharp breath, the words going straight to his cock. “but, we need stuff, and I need to get ready for you.” Tony's bites his lip worriedly, just a hint of insecurity coloring his words.  “If that's...if I'm...If you want that. Me. Like that.”  He finishes, glancing up at him through his lashes.
“Mmm, see, this is why I call you sugar, you just taste so sweet.”  Tony says without even a hint of shame. Steve feels himself go bright pink.  He can feel his entire face and chest heat. “Ah, that is truly, truly fantastic, I love it when you go pink all the way down to your nipples darling.”
That night he slept with the hot water bottle wrapped in towels again.  It was a fitful night, sleep  not coming easily, and the majority of the night spent tossing and turning, with Steve waking from half formed dreams and nightmares.
“That we do, sometimes by ourselves, like you are right now, champ, but a lot of times as a team.”  He rocked back on his heels, stuck his hands a little deeper into his pockets.  “I can show you all the features later but, I came down to ask if um.  You were hungry?  I realized we didn’t feed you, and then there was the whole thing with that Namor guy.  Sorry, I’m probably interrupting, you probably wanted to be alone...” He trailed off with a wince, probably because Steve was staring at him.
Tony's room is unchanged from the last time Steve was in it, but that's not what his attention is on when he's pushed into sitting on the edge of the bed, and Tony is sliding atop his lap to press devouring kisses to his lips. Steve gasps, hands curling around Tony's hips, then further down to knead the firm muscles of his ass; holding him in place even as he squirms and sucks on Steve's tongue.
Tony jolts when Steve lays him flat, sucking in a rasping breath and curling up on his side as he had the night before. His hand flails out for the jar on the nightstand. Steve passes it over wordlessly, turning his back quickly when Tony pulls his shirt up to rub the stuff all over his chest. Nothing but the vaguest impressions of something dark and shiny wrapped around the upper half of Tony's torso remains. Steve swallows jerkily when Tony makes a soft sound of relief behind him. The comforter rustles, and the soft thump of the jar hitting the floor suggests Tony has covered up, but Steve refuses to see what he has not been invited to.  Steve isn't shy about nudity, he was in the army after all, but this is different, this is
“Got so many nicknames for us it's hard to keep track.” Steve shoots back, grinning when Tony grabs his ears and gives him a playful shake.
“Hi Mister Stark, welcome home.” He greets Tony warmly, walking up behind him.  Tony comes to an abrupt halt, turning towards him. Steve scrubs a towel through his hair, embarrassed at being caught before his shower. His workout had been pretty intense today-never let it be said that Carol Danvers takes it easy during a sparring session. Steve thinks he might actually be sore for more than a few minutes
Why had he thought that? Steve had never let himself even contemplate knotting one of his partners, never thought he would be in a position where the possibility was even remotely possible. God, knotting was the most intimate thing possible, aside from bonding.  Their thoughts would be open to each other, their emotions and feelings. Tony would never want that with him, would he? Steve gasped, rocking into the bed, the cotton of the covers almost too rough against his cock, but he didn’t care. It was too late, his thoughts were already there with no way to tear them away from that unrealizable fantasy. He had no frame of reference for how it would feel, but God how it would look afterwards. The way it was lovingly rendered in the eight pagers. Sated omegas with their legs spread, loose and dripping, with an alpha curled around them, protecting them at their most vulnerable. Steve came so hard he saw stars.
“Um. Would you believe I lost track? I was in another hemisphere earlier, and then there was the thing with the gyroscope in Philly-” He trails off as Steve bends to pull a fresh fitted sheet over the bed.
“Those are disgusting, and they're not food.” Steve says with feeling, as if the smoothie is a personal offense to his person.
Steve lets the shield fly, slapping the hand away with a sickening crunch of chitinous tissue. It hisses at him, coiling around Tony, serpentine and constricting, and Steve can't lose him to some monster. He springs off of a tree, landing on a black scaly shoulder and slamming the shield down into the joint.
There's the muffled sound of a movie playing in the sitting room closest to Tony's when he gets back from a day that just seems like endless meetings and glad handing. Tony's exhausted. He knows the smart thing to do would be to bypass everyone and pass out in his giant luxurious bed, but then Steve's laughter carries over to where he's leaning against the wall, and all thoughts of doing the smart thing go out the window.
“Sugar,” Steve deadpans, caught off guard. Tony smiles wide, blue eyes twinkling with affection and mirth. Steve sucks in a deep breath. Tony has brought him here, to this place he doesn't share with anyone. It's an intimate gesture, sharing this, wanting Steve in such a private space. Steve feels tension unknot between his shoulder blades with his answer. “Yeah. It's good for me. I'd like that.”
“C’mon Iron Man, it’s showtime, whaddya say we put on a halftime show of our own.”  He said, after pulling his Seahawks shirt off, and pulling on the cowl.  He hoped his headwings weren’t squished.
“It was the right thing to do.  No one else was helping her and I,”  Steve swallowed, looking over at the beta woman, she smiled back encouragingly, “I had to do something, anyone would have.”
“JARVIS I am feeling a Thing.” There's silence in the lab for a moment.  Very likely the sound of JARVIS reevaluating his entire existence.
“I feel warm,” Is what he manages, it comes out soft, earnest, “so warm, I feel, good. I feel so good Tony.” He takes Tony's hand, pressing his face into that warm callused palm, mouthing kisses there. Tony sighs quietly, almost inaudibly, leaning down to nudge Steve's face with his nose so he can draw attention from his hand to his lips.
” The dark smoky look Tony sends his way makes his gut clench, not unpleasantly. He licks his suddenly dry lips, slipping his hand away from Tony's cheek and sitting down heavily on the piano bench before his knees wobble out from under him.
“I would, something slow, I’m not much of a dancer, two left feet.”  Steve answers, following Tony after he rolls up to stand, and leads them over to the living room.  There’s quite a bit of empty space, but Tony situates them atop a plush rug that feels incredibly nice on his bare feet.
He thinks, smiling despite himself when Tony trots over to give him a kiss on the cheek before leaving the room to welcome Colonel Rhodes down in the underground garage. Steve watches him go silently, before picking up his sweater and hat, and heading to his own room to change.
“No Pep, not done yet, gotta, gotta-” What follows is an equation so complex it leaves Steve wondering if it's even real, or just something Tony's half asleep brain cooked up.
that makes no sense. It makes so little sense that Tony wants to grab a sharpie and write 'Hi please call me Captain I Make No Sense' across Steve's perfectly symmetrical forehead. The black would probably just set off his eyes though.
There's nothing pressing to do, no mission, no terrible empty night stretching out before him-and he knows he shouldn't complain, he's got it better than a lot of folks out there.  This though-this is better than anything he could have dreamed up even at his most maudlin, his most wanting and stupidly sentimental. Just the two of them here, in this warm space Tony has carved out for them, holding his fella and being held in return.  He hardly feels like he deserves it, but Tony has made it clear he wants Steve here, with actions, and words, and gestures of affection almost unreal for how much Steve wants them. They are real though, as real as the man dozing atop him. Steve kisses the top of Tony's head once more, breathes him in, and pulls him in a little closer, resolving to stop thinking so hard.  After that it's easy to relax. He syncs his breaths with Tony's, focuses on the warmth of his body, and lets himself drift off to sleep.
“Shut it Tweety, you're just jealous you don't get to run your grubby little talons all over Stark's proprietary tech before anyone else does.” Iron Man says, examining his armored fingers with a sniff of mock derision. Hawkeye's face pops into view above a building just to the left of them. He extends one finger in a rude gesture and blows a raspberry at the team below him.
His mind supplies. Jan must have made it, she is talking to a gobsmacked looking socialite in a long black and gold number of her own design while looking at him with supreme satisfaction. Thor wanders around in armor all the time, Tony supposes wearing glittery stuff is par for the course on Asgard, still-he's really pulling those sequins off.
“So, where are we going?” Tony asks, turning towards Steve while they both buckle their seat-belts. The car slides seamlessly into reverse, and they're out on the street in no time.
As the night goes on it gets chillier, until Steve pulls Tony up onto his lap, wrapping them both up in a blanket in front of the crackling fire. Tony settles against him easily, letting Steve rub his hands to warm them up, blushing just slightly when Steve kisses over his knuckles.  Steve watches his face, catching and holding eye contact as he kisses each of Tony's fingers.  They twitch in his grasp, but Tony doesn't pull away, even as he shifts closer and runs his free hand over the planes of Steve's chest.  It's clear he doesn't really realize what he's doing though, so Steve releases his hand to pick up his hanger, fishing the final marshmallow from their bag and setting about roasting the little ball of gooey napalm.
“Oh, alright well, I’ll try to get us there in one piece.”  He said, putting his hand on the driver’s side door.  A handle slid out of the door and it unlocked.
“That suit does not offer enough shielding, Steve, big guy, I can make you something much better, God!”  He said, and then went marching off towards his lab, only to appear a few days later looking mussed and bright eyed, and definitely over caffeinated, holding an incredible scale mailed tactical suit. It was comfortingly heavy, but still light and easy to move in, with enough pouches for all his gear, and, as Tony explained somewhat hesitantly, after a fight he could activate the heating system running throughout the entire suit.  There were no words for that kind of kindness, so Steve gathered Tony close in a hug, careful not to squeeze too tightly.  Tony was stiff at first, but then relaxed and returned the hug with enthusiasm, pressing gloved palms to Steve’s back and not letting go until Steve stepped back.
“Hi.” Steve repeats, holding Tony up with one hand and cupping Tony's cheek with the other. “I missed you, welcome back. See anything keen at the symposium?”
“So what sort of hat am I wearing for this party next week?” Steve asks, becoming only slightly worried by the glint in Tony's eyes.
“Mister Nanners, reporting for duty. He'll keep you safe when Shellhead's off being a hero.” Up close and without the faceplate on, the stuffed banana is somehow even more ridiculous. It's also a lot softer than Tony would have thought, and pleasantly squishy when Tony hugs it close and laughs helplessly at the smitten look on Steve's face. Tony pets over the fuzzy velveteen material, contemplating how much sillier it would look if he made it a special Captain America cowl and shield.
Tony wonders if he's famous. All of this subterfuge seems to hint at that heavily, even if Steve says he loves subsistence farming. Bucky nearly laughed his ass off hearing that, so Tony figures it's a lie. The guy does look like he could lift a tractor though; having him around a farmhouse should be an experience.
“Yeah,”  Steve said faintly, as they climbed a massive marble double staircase trimmed in gold.  They walked down a long hallway with rooms radiating from it like spokes in a wheel.  The doors were numbered, and labeled.  There was a vase on a marble topped table Steve had once seen in a museum.
“Please don't get a divorce Iron Man, my mommies say you an' Cap are in love.” She looks so distressed by the dissolution of their fake marriage that Steve feels a little guilty.
“That's a lot better actually, thank you Shellhead, you're a real lifesaver.” Iron Man slumps, resting his head on Steve's shoulder in response. Steve wants so badly to hug him. Even though the armor is hard and unyielding, he's a warm presence at Steve's side; solid and grounding, and undeniably there with him in the here and now. Distantly he can hear the other Avengers over the comm line but that seems far away.
“Fuck, I'm so boned.” He groans, raking a hand over his face and flopping backwards atop his soft mattress.
“Who's that?” Steve asks, head cocked curiously, almost hopefully, but maybe that's just wishful thinking on Tony's part.
“Yes, absolutely, Jay, add cookie dough to the grocery list and block off some time.” JARVIS' affirmative is almost lost beneath Clint's whoop of glee. Natasha hits him with a snowball, and within a few moments the party deck has erupted into a massive and only slightly terrifying snowball fight. Tony doesn't join in though, choosing instead to remain bundled against Steve. He does offer commentary however, and his laughter is infectious when Hulk hits Clint with a snowball big enough to flatten him to the floor.
There were a pair of doors, which opened at their approach, and then swung shut behind them.  Steve could hear locks sliding into place behind them.  It occurred to him yet again, as it had been occurring to him since he stepped into Dr. Erskine’s Packard, that he really had no idea what he had signed up for.  He was alone behind a pair of doors that sounded like they’d need an industrial strength battering ram to get through with a man he barely knew.  A man who now regarded him with careful but gentle eyes.
make a lot of sense after all.  That thought rapidly fled his mind as he noticed something was very wrong.  The private lining up to shoot at Cadet Waters had loaded a live clip into his magazine.  Steve thought he might have been mistaken, but the gold gleam of real bullets was no illusion.
“I just want you to know I am so, so on-board with that.” He calls back, practically skipping up to his room to make himself presentable for the world at large.
The exact components of rocket fuel. How to assemble a truly stunning variety of bombs. How to take a gun apart and put it back together and how to give Chopin a run for his money on the piano. The atomic weight of each element on the Periodic Table. How to speak at least ten languages, though he can't remember learning them. He knows that down in some part of this tower there are robots he built, but not why he built them.
Later when they have reunited, Tony lets Steve back into their rebuilt room and strips the SHIELD uniform from him with shaking hands. Their first kiss that night is like coming back to life, and Steve vows to never let their lines of communication falter again.
He waited until the next evening, not trusting himself to be around the team, no matter how much he wanted to be. He was still a terrible liar after all, and he had a sneaking suspicion Natasha would somehow know he was planning something. She was canny like that, and she had a way of asking questions that made a fella want to answer.
That more than anything, seems to do the trick. Tony arches, nails digging into Steve's back, tension and pleasure ratcheting higher until he's clenching around Steve's cock, slick, hot, and delicious right on the edge of orgasm. Steve groans, pushing his thigh higher, angling for that spot that made Tony react so intensely before and grinding there, laying his hand over Tony's belly to hold him down into the short hard thrusts. Tony's hands fall from his shoulders, one dropping to wrap around his flushed cock, the other clawing at the sheets.
compare him to his dad whatever you do. Just don't do it.” Wasp says with such finality that Steve adds several red underlines to the observation on his mental checklist.
“I’m sorry son, there’s nothing we can do about that, no matter how much we might like to.”  the recruitment officer grimaced.  She was an alpha too, she felt that desire to protect too, Steve felt himself deflate in the face of her regret.
Tony wakes up in a soft bed. A slender hand is wrapped around one of his, and someone else is combing their fingers through his hair. His chest hurts, and he has an itch somewhere deep in his sternum. Moving seems like more trouble than it's worth though, so he keeps his eyes closed, listening to the murmur of conversation going on around him. The fingers in his hair feel so nice, Tony hopes whoever is doing that keeps it up.
meets his words, and Steve feels an intense rush of fondness go through him. He reaches out, brushing the backs of his fingers over Tony's hand, then up to comb through dark tangled hair. One golden brown eye cracks open to regard him tiredly, and Steve tries to make his smile as encouraging and welcoming as possible.
Steve shakes his head, turning to face Iron Man more fully.  “No. No one else. It's-you're doing fine, more than I could have expected from a futuristic fella like yourself. I bet you've got me all figured out.” He says almost wistfully, smiling slightly when that startles a staticky laugh out if the man. For a few moments there is only quiet between them. It's surprisingly comfortable despite how alien everything else is.
“Well, honey, not exactly.  They have to touch a person first, and even then, they can’t tell exactly what you’re thinking about.  Just feelings, that kind of thing.”  Sarah said, while she shrugged out of her coat and then layed it over Steve’s shoulders.  Steve blinked, tugging it closer around himself, but still remained focused on the questions he had been dying to ask all day.
“Missed you all. Dropped the cup, sorry Bucko” He gasps out. The mug rolls away, and Tony has a brief moment of relief when it doesn't shatter, but then he's just in agony
“Okay,” Rhodey says, drawing out the word slowly, “that's not surprising at all, what's your crisis here? Because all I'm seeing is the natural progression of you two making goo goo eyes at each other all the time.” Tony resists the urge to remind Rhodey about his own so called goo goo eyes at Carol, that seems uncalled for, especially given he does
is almost lost beneath Tony's muttering about betrayals and everyone having it out for him. He's not serious, and Steve just laughs, pressing a muffin into his hand when he flails in his direction.
“It’s a little complicated, he’s well.  He’s a real well to do fella, rich, gorgeous, probably an alpha.”  Steve shrugged helplessly, he didn’t even know where to start.  He never had the money before joining the army, and after that it had been too fraught, too dangerous to really think about love and bonding.
“I know you don’t need one but,”  Steve felt his own face reddening, that pit in the base of his stomach he knew all too well.  He wanted to be a good alpha, for those betas to have looked at him and seen a protector, and not a laughing stock.
“Of course, what are bodyguards for but to keep their charges safe from all manner of harm?” Oh the sarcasm.
“I just...I don't-How is he not getting it? Is he not interested, am I overstepping does he not want-” Steve swallows thickly. “Me. Does he not want me?”
“I'm fine, I'm fine, think you just wanted a hug.” Tony mumbles, but leans his head against Steve's shoulder nonetheless.
"I'll give you as long as you need, just relax sweetheart.” Steve says, solicitous even as his dick leaves trails of precome over Tony's ass. Tony shifts, twisting his torso, and Steve helps, bracing one arm on the mattress, and curling his free hand over Tony's jaw, angling them together for a slow searching kiss. Steve's mouth is so hot, lips swollen and flushed with blood from eating Tony out. The thought makes another kick of arousal course through his frazzled nerve endings, and he can't help the shiver that works down his spine-can't help rocking his hips back to feel Steve sliding against him, filthy and wet at the head.
“Hey.” Tony says, poking Steve in the chest. “Even if you didn't know how to uh 'smooch', that's okay too, nothing wrong with inexperience.” He's just about to go off on a rant about toxic hypermasculinity and the notion that men have to be ready and raring to go; when Steve starts walking them backwards.
“You are not eating that, don't be gross.” Jan says disgustedly.  Clint pouts but doesn't press the matter, letting Jan toss the offending sausage in the trash. Peripherally Steve is aware of Tony moving around behind them, the sound of him pouring another cup of coffee and the squeak of a chair being pulled out.
He made it another month before finding out about weighted blankets.  He bought two of the heaviest, highest quality ones he could find, but it was no substitution for a real living person.  His nights alternated between pacing his room, working out until he was forced to close his eyes, or reading about everything he’d missed in the library.  Tony often came to sit with him, offering no judgment, and relaxing conversation.  He was incredibly patient with all of Steve’s questions, and seemed perfectly content to sit there, and pull up articles, or explain things in great detail.  Sometimes he even pressed close beside Steve, which was lovely, but he always looked worried, and as if he had something to say.
Tony stirs his coffee silently, as if he's thinking of what to say. The line of his shoulders has gone suddenly tense under his sweatshirt, but soon relaxes.  It looks like a concerted effort.  “He's going to be with me. Why? Got a crush, need to air it out?” Tony says, turning his head to throw Steve a smile over his shoulder. He's sipping his coffee delicately now that he's more awake, and as Steve watches, he dumps at least four teaspoons of sugar into the mug. Steve gets up, standing behind Tony and tapping his shoulder to encourage him to turn around. When he does, Steve takes his hand and squeezes it.
Steve smiled a little bit, knocking their foreheads together gently. "I'm not mad buddy. Just get some sleep."
Tony laughed, pressing a quick kiss to the top of the kids head. "They dont open for another hour kiddo. Have you eaten lunch yet?"
Harley woke up in a pissy mood of today of all days of course. Steve has picked up on his Moods usually being tied to his anxiety picking up - his mom's funeral, the flight, the first day of school, certainly he’d have more examples if he knew the kid existed before a year ago.
"You hungry bud? I figured we could go out to breakfast before I gotta get back to my own kiddo." Tony suggested.
Suddenly the door opened, bouncing back off the rubber stopped on the wall hard enough to make Tony jump.
Steve sat across from his newly un-estranged son, scrambled eggs and pancakes infront of both men at 7:00 pm.
Peter rolled his eyes, "love you too. Sleep tight." He hung up before Tony had a chance to respond. He felt his eyes stinging for like the thousandth time that day. He rolled over to face his pet once again, "He doesnt even need me anymore does he?" Peter spoke into the silence of his room. Happy had gone home probably ten minutes ago and the loneliness was suffocating him. Maybe he should stay up tonight out of spite…
Steve’s phone dinged close to two am, startling him out of his almost-sleep trance. He looked over, not the least bit surprised that Tony was still up at this time of night.
"I'm really considering getting Harley therapy but hes completely against the idea. I don't want to pay $40 an hour just for him to glare at the wall the whole time."
Harley smiled a bit at that, leaning his head into his dad’s chest as he sucked in a shuddery breath to compose himself, “Okay. If I'm right though i'm never going back. Deal?”
"Bullcrap your pupils are like the size of mars right now dude," Flash shorted, finding himself up in Harleys face before he realized what he was doing.
Harley looked at the pill, flipping it over in his fingers before sighing and dry swallowing it, grimacing and shuddering at the taste. He looked back to Flash who shoved him playfully and the blond laughed in return, shaking his head. What was he so worried about anyway? He had no reason not to trust Flash.
"I don't know, hes staying at his boyfriend's tonight I guess." Peter continued, "Its like I never even see him anymore, hes always busy with somthing."
"Well if I'm honest, going by the smell of the bathroom this morning I think the kid is being punished enough."
The man was silent for a moment, "You miss your dad?" He braced himself for Peter to possibly blow up at him. It wasnt a common thing usually but as of late the boy had been weirdly irritable. Tony said it was just puberty, Happy figured something more.
He slipped into the seat, taking in the posters on the walls and the bored and tired faces of kids who have had the luxury of sleeping until noon for the past 3 months. 'So this is highschool. Doesnt seem any different from the school back home," he thought to himself.
Harley blushed, surprised at his father's directness, “I’m not being mean I’m just saying. You asked.”
Steve awoke at roughly 4 am. He looked over to the man sleeping next to him and picked up his phone- suddenly blinded by the light. As Steve was about to roll back over he heard the choking and spluttering coming from down the hall - assuming that must've been what woke him up the man sighed, rubbing his hands aggressively down his face in a useless attempt to wake himself up. He was debating just going back to bed and dealing with it in the morning when Tony started to stir next to him, propping himself up and looking around the dark room.
Harley smiled, pulling the blanket tighter around himself, "Yeah. I'm starving. I dunno if I could keep anything down though."
Peter felt his eyes start to water and he groaned, knowing he was caught. "I just dont see why he had go choose today of all days to stay at Steve's house. It's a tradition by now that on the first day of school me and dad always go to that gelato place - ever since pre school. Its fu-fricking stupid that Steve's kid gets both of them while im- I'm stuck by myself." Peter's voice was cracking and wobbling, trying to hold back tears. God he felt so stupid for crying over this.
Steve dumped the garbage can down the toilet and rinsed it out before returning it to his kids room and closing the door, going out to meet his boyfriend of three years in the living room. He laid across the couch, his head in the shorter mans lap and his arms loosely hanging off of Tony's neck.
The younger boy deflated a bit at that. Heck he just started talking to him a few minutes ago, "Yeah. Okay, goodnight, dad."
"Logically yes, I know this." Peter responded curtly, "but part of me knows everything will be different and I hate it. I'm supposed to meet the kid on Saturday and I bet you anything I'll hate him."
Peter yawned, feeling his eyes drift shut moments before his dads AI shut off the overhead light to the boys room, throwing the boy into further darkness.
"Dont mix substances. Dont walk more than 4 miles below freezing. Dont overdo it with the alcohol." Harley muttered, stirring the eggs around distractedly.
"No. For the last time you're not going out tonight. We ordered dinner already, Tony is staying over. You can go next time." Steve responded, his own tone making it clear hed probably repeated the statement a hundred times now.
"And then we have dinner with his boyfriend, yes I know." Peter huffed, slinging his bag over his shoulder. He sighed, rubbing his hands roughly over his face, "I'm sorry, I'm just- I'm just tense."
Harley felt himself smile, "Yeah, that sounds fun- ah shit I cant" his gaze dropped, "I forgot I'm meeting my dads uh-... Girlfriend on Saturday."
He knew it was stupid, his dad knew it was stupid, hell his friends back home would call him stupid had they known.
"God as tempting as that sounds I already told the kid no. I dont want him to think he can get his way by throwing a temper tantrum." Steve sighed, planting a kiss on the shorter man's forehead.
Of course he felt bad about lying to this stranger as much as he wouldn't admit so. Hes only known his dad for like two years now, it's not his fault hes not exactly comfortable telling strangers that his dad is gay. It's understandable right? Just until he can plant his roots.
"Whatever. Fuck, I'll be in my room." The boy rolled his eyes, storming off down the short hallway. His father began to trail behind him when he felt a tug on the back of his shirt causing him to jump.
"Jesus christ, kid." Happy stormed down the hallway, "it's your first day I highly doubt you'll have any free time to listen to music. Besides your dad has said at least a hundred times now that he doesnt like you sticking shit in your ears." Happy opened the 12 year olds door, scanning the strategic mess that was Tony Stark's son's bedroom.
Harley jolted back in return. He felt the boys breath on his cheek and felt his body reacting in response, his smile dropping immidiently as did Flash's.
The world quickly came crashing back into focus when Harley felt a hand down the front of his trunks, roughly shoving the other boy back upon realization. He sobered quickly, getting up out of the water before anyone in it could see how his face was bright red and he was holding his breath to stave off the panicked crying his body felt was not-so appropriate at the moment.
‘I’ll talk to Harley in the morning before we leave. Try to get some sleep love, we have a long day tomorrow.’
"Yeah well," Happy pulled forward into a slot, whipping out his phone to put in a mobile order, "not everyone is Tony Starks only child. Maybe he'll lax up a bit once Harley and Steve move in."
"Yeah. Some party, I guess. I dont trust it. Plus I wanted us to have one last family night before he meets Peter. I want to solidify for him that hes not getting replaced."
Happy grimaced, "I know kid. I'm sorry, it's not fair." He shook his head, looking back to the road, "I know I'm not your dad, but for what it's worth I'm willing to swing by Sonic? Slushies?"
"Karen, do you think he'll call to say goodnight? Or did he forget." He addressed her, watching as she paused, almost as if processing the question, before stretching her fangs out, "You always know just what to say." He muttered sarcastically, turning his head to look up at the plastic stars and planets that littered his ceiling.
"Yes I swear straight there." Flash nodded, "let me go grab the keys- I'll be right back. Dont move."
Harley hunched his shoulders. He loved his mom he really did but he was completely unused to talking it out after getting in trouble, he knew he would especially not come out of a situation like hed gotten himself into this time unscathed if he was still living with his mom. Somehow admitting his childish thought process seemed worse. "I dont know…"
After about ten minutes Flash spoke up, still staring at the dark road infront of them, "Listen, I really am sorry. I just-"
Harleys head was throbbing in the best way possible. He was cross faded on like three or four substances by now, he honestly stopped paying attention after Nick packed a third bowl to pass around the circle in the corner of Flash's livingroom.
‘God I hope he wasn’t talking abt peter, kid said he was scared that harley already didn’t like him’
"Well you know your grandpa wasn't the best to your dad. I wouldnt be surprised if he was scared to put you in harm's way at all." Happy pulled into the underground parking garage, turning back around to face the younger boy and shaking his finger at him, "Remember, no telling Tony. I dont need him threatening to make me a valet like he did last time you snitched on me."
"Yeah I suppose you're right. Maybe I should get him in counseling after all." Steve rested his head on the cold faux-granite counter top.
"What if there is no next time huh? You want me to risk being a loser because you want to pretend we're some big happy family? Pretend everything is okay?" Harley cried, his eyes starting to sting.
Peter grinned, "Cherry and nerds, please. It's a stupid rule anyway. I'm in highschool now, I don't see why I'm not allowed processed stuff still. Its embarrassing to take lunch to school. No one else does."
The base pounded in his eardrums but he couldn't really hear it, he swore he could feel his blood pumping throughout every inch of his body.
The father was careful not to show a reaction, still pretending to scan over the penciled in answers, "Pete, everyone loves you. Maybe he was just wondering why a toddler was in his classroom." Tony quirked a smile, registering his pre teen openly gawking at him in his peripheral.
Peter grimaced, "I dunno if I feel up to it," he shrugged not-commidally. Happy just sighed in response.
"You're the one who told me to!" Tony shot back.  Steve looked away.  "He wants the same thing we do, Steve.  That was part of the deal Iron Man made with him for us to do his dirty work and track down the source of the robots while keeping his name out of the public eye."
"You had to jinx it," she muttered darkly, cutting the shield and diving towards the gun controls.  She put up the shields again, ignoring Tony calling out 75%.  She held, the suit locating the angle of her attacker as she waited for the next blast.  When she heard the gun recharge, she counted to three and dropped the shields.  Her boots burst to life, throwing her into the nearby wall.  It hurt like a bitch, but she twisted to shoot her attacker as the blast took out the controls of the heavy artillery that had been behind her.
"If you're not sure, we can track the train and try again.  We don't even know if this is them, kiddo.  There'll be another chance, especially if we can track where they're going.  Kes sounds like the sort of girl who will
He brought up his claw for Tony to see.  "That's..."  Tony reached out, taking the small crystal in his hands.  There was a smokey section at the base where Tony had broken it off from the ceiling. This was the crystal he'd lost in the caves.  "Steve-"
Natasha  would have had the answer to why the change was important by now, but she wasn't here and it still eluded him.  "I
"Natasha showed the style to me. I thought it was cute," Steve said, relieved that it worked. Tony seemed to be humoring him now.
"Yeah," Tony said, gripping the crystal tightly.  After all the disbelief, it had been real.  "It was."
, because the happy memories just let him drift.  His father.  Putting in the heart pump.  The War.  The long War...
"You're awfully possessive of another man's fiancée, Dr. Banner, but I'll tell Mr. Stark she's off limits," Iron Man replied, obvious pouting in his synthesized voice.  On any other day that could have made Steve smile.  Now it just made him want to hunch over his shield more because Iron Man didn't even sound upset over their fight.  It was like he'd put it from his mind entirely.
"Is this a bad time?" Rhodey said, her voice hesitant over the speakers.  "Because if it is, can you at least make it so I can't hear?  Computer sex is not something my young mind wants to contemplate."
Tony was silent for so long that Steve feared the worst even as his hands mechanically went through the motions of fixing the eggs. Then Tony's eyes widened.  "He's awake?"
Fury noted his use of Tony's given name with a faint look of surprise.  Steve refused to back down from that, looking back at Fury and keeping his chin up despite his embarrassment for the slip. He didn't know why he was keeping up 'Mr. Stark' with Fury and the others, but he suspected it might have to do with some denial of his own and he wasn't going to think about that right now.
"You must survive."  There was an air of gravity to the words that weighed Tony down.  "The upper world needs you to live, or millions more will die.  This place was never meant to survive, but you must."
"You're one to talk," Steve replied.  He knew how much transforming back from the Hulk took out of Bruce.
"I'm human, just like you.  Well, was human, I mean," Steve continued.  "And I didn't always make the right choices, no matter what your history books say.  Sometimes I had to compromise, doing things I knew wasn't right, but that would protect people in the long run.  Other times...  I wasn't very good at compromising when I should have.  A lot of times, there was no right answer, just lots of wrong ones."
"He had an affair with her," Tony said, leaning against Steve as he looked up at the stars.  It was a good night and the big dipper was clear in the sky.  The perfect night to finally show Steve the stars.  It wasn't even too cold despite it being spring.
By the time he stabilized, two more heads were already in its place.  "God damn it," he said, dodging a head that tried to snap off his leg.
"I went to him," Steve said, seeing Rhodey's point.  "He deserved better than we were treating him, even if he hasn't been easy to deal with.  It wasn't like he didn't overhear us discussing the gossip rags often enough and we never showed him we were worth taking the chance on."
He stared into the darkness quietly, Stark's shoulder pressed against his as they sat on the hard floor.  He should be heading back to the jail to check on Red Wolf.  He should be doing any number of things.  He didn't move though, and Stark's steady breaths beside him were comforting.
When Tony didn't pull away or make a sound, Steve looked up.  Tony was blushing, the color chasing across his cheeks faster than Steve thought possible.  He was pretty sure Tony Stark didn't Blush before this.  Tony's eyes were wide and flustered, but Steve saw the emotion in them before it could be hidden away.  This was
Steve let his shield fly, ducking behind a car as the robots continued to shoot.  "Save the innuendos for later," he said.  She had a point though.  It wasn't a particularly good time for Doom to attack, either for the Avengers or for Doom.  Latveria had just come off of an uprising, and most of the superhero community assumed it would be a month or two at least before Doom got his feet back under him.
He didn't like the glare he found himself receiving.  "I thought we were friends, Steve!  A month I could have been setting you up, pushing you into him, and sending you some of his racier photoshoots, and you didn't tell me until I broke my leg.  How am I supposed to be your wingman if you keep this sort of thing to yourself?"
Lying on his back now, Tony spared a brief thought for home as his head swam and he failed to catch his breath.  It was almost a dream now, a mythical place spoken of reverently in hushed whispers along with soft prayers of 'when the War is over.'  Tony had never been that attached to New York, spending much of his time traveling, but the War was long in ways no adventure could ever be.  What he wouldn't give for the smell of fresh coffee and the chair down in his workshop, surrounded by the smell of gunmetal.  The only thing he'd have to worry about would be his next invention...
He slid behind her on his bed and started to knead her shoulders, and she sighed, relaxing into his grip.  Steve had learned a lot about massage from a few of the USO girls when one of them pulled a muscle, and he didn't regret the knowledge.  Natasha groaned.  "I'm supposed to be helping you with your date," she said, shivering when his fingers dug into her back.
Susan took a deep breath and nodded.  He couldn't see her, but he was monitoring the suit.  She could deal with this.  She had to.  "I thought I'd feel good once she..."
There was an altar in the back of the temple that Tony walked towards, ignoring Steve's fretting over stealth.  The suit was never made for hiding, and he'd like to see a massive blue dragon be any better at it.
Tony felt his throat constrict.  Steve would have had better chances without having to worry about him.  And the idiot just did all of that like it was
The image flickered out of existence and Steve stared at where it had been, feeling numb to the world.  He didn't cry. He felt like he should, but he packed it away, pushing down his grief because he couldn't handle it.
Steve stared at him in shock.  It had only been four days since they got back and most of it Tony had either been working with Bruce or holed up in his workshop.  Had Tony been working on it before, or had he been forgoing sleep to get it done?  Steve wasn't a betting man, but he knew where to place his money, sadly.  "That's very kind of him."
"Captain, your blood sugar levels are dropping dramatically.  Perhaps a candy bar would be to your liking?" JARVIS entreated.
As Tony wavered, there was shouting on the other side of the door and it burst open.  He barely had time to look up before Natasha gracefully moved away and he was not so gracefully nearly pulled off the bed by a man in armor.  "What the hell did I tell you about disappearing without me?" Rhodey demanded, none of the worry that was evident in Rhodey's face in his voice.  It wasn't comfortable with the armor and the smell of gunmetal nearly overwhelmed by Rhodey's aftershave.  But he'd dreamed countless times of getting hugs from Rhodey when the man was deployed, enough to know that it never measured up to the real thing.  There was no way this wasn't the real deal, armor and all.
Plus side: Tony wasn't buried under tons of rocks.  Especially good considering he didn't think anyone could find him down here.  He wasn't getting anything from the infrared, so that was still on the fritz, but the small crystal gave off a low light that let Tony see a little ways.  He was glad it wasn't broken from the fall.
"But Tony... Oh, God, Tony.  They called me half-way here to say he was hurt.  What happened?  Is he okay?"
"And you're miserable," the first voice said.  The man had a light tenor which sounded extremely vexed.  "I don't think that's what 'working so far' means, Tony."
"You caused my anger," Steve replied.  He tugged at Tony until the adventurer was against his chest.  "But I can understand why you did it and have forgiven you, even if I'm still angry.  My insecurities about the bond aren't caused by you, and neither are your fears of sharing emotion."
Kes was lying on her side, her hair fanned out on the table.  Some of it barely hid the bruise on her cheek.  Her face was tilted to the side, baring the horrific bruises on her neck.  She was still beautiful, even in the grungy blue clothes that had to have been from the Skrulls.
"Sorry, princess, but this suit's purely automated.  No room for a human in the casing.  Didn't have time to fix one up for you."  It was a shock hearing his voice in the suit after so long, but some part of him felt
Tony stood, and the suit opened up as he stepped out of it.  "This isn't a good time.  You should go to bed," Tony said, his voice flat as he ignored Steve, going over to the table.  Blue holograms sprang to life, and he started to manipulate a project.  Steve was pretty sure he was just moving things around rather than actually doing anything.
"Oh, yeah?" Steve asked, amused at how Tony was obviously still half asleep but still managing to hold a conversation.  Never could keep the man quiet for long, though how much Tony would remember later was up to debate.  Steve wasn't the type to talk much to begin with, so he was okay with Tony filling the silences.
He continued down the cave's path, watching carefully for any other guards.  He heard angry voices before he came across them.  Familiar.  Not English, but not...  They looked like the Ten Rings, but none of the words sounded like the myriad of languages he'd heard before.  He paused at the mouth of the cave, peeking in to catch a glimpse.
Thankfully, Tony didn't start yelling.  Unfortunately, he also didn't react, other than his lips pressing together to form a grim line.
But Iron Man was pulling back, a stiffness in his joints that worried Steve.  "Great," Iron Man said.  "Sorry for waking you, but I guess that means I don't have to carry you to bed, so there's that."
"Or that I value privacy," Tony said, but he was honestly a little relieved.  At least they couldn't comb through his life.
Dropping the wrapper, Steve made a note to pick it up later as he rushed after the sound of Iron Man's clunky gait.  He caught a glimpse of red and gold going to the balcony.  "Iron Man, wait up!" he called out.
"What happened?" Tony asked, because apart from Steve jumping them out of an airplane and getting them to a cave with a broken leg, Tony really had no idea what had gone down.  "Steve-"
The shot bounced off the chair's shields, which surprised Steve.  Iron Man was tapping furiously at the pad on the chair, but otherwise seemed to be in control.
.  If I wanted something a step above edible in college, I had to make it to the kitchen before Tony," Rhodey said with a grin as Steve started to eat in earnest.  Putting his own plate down as he sat next to Steve, Rhodey started to pour a surprising amount of syrup on his waffles.  "Speaking of Tony..."
"Why are you making so much of a fuss over this?" Steve asked, crossing his arms over his chest defensively.  "I didn't want to feel like that anymore, so we made a few changes."
"Steve!" Tony called out, unable to move or help with his heart stuck in his throat.  He focused on Steve's name-feeling as much as he could, but it kept slipping through his mind.  "Steve!"
Natasha took his hand and squeezed it, and Steve looked down.  "But we'll only be walking into the trap if we don't do anything.  If we go to Latveria, we might be able to find out."
Steve shivered and Tony moved closer, taking Steve's hands in his to warm him up.  "The ship I was on went down in the arctic.  I was frozen for a while, but they found me and were pretty surprised I was still alive.  I don't remember much of it, but I remember the cold."
' Attached was a picture of a cat in a Captain America uniform and a mouse in the Iron Man suit with the helmet off, giving the cat a very chaste kiss. He labeled them Iron Mouse and Captain Americat. He signed off, satisfied that he had at least tried to fulfill the request. It was actually easier than he thought, as long as it wasn't really his teammates.
It took Tony a moment to realize that the grumpiness that accompanied the thought of letting him go was not his.  It was a little terrifying, because it was a level of intimacy that Tony had never experienced before.
"I required knowledge of the Avengers abilities before attacking directly," the man said, confirming Steve's suspicion that they were being drawn out for a reason before.  "Then I learned how to drive all of you apart."
"No, but there is one you report to.  Will you tell them about this place, or is that one of your secrets?" Steve asked.
"Your dragon is being dealt with," Viper said.  "I gave Cobra your gun.  He may not be a marksman, but a big, blue target is hard to miss."
Of course, now they could all see the machine Tony had been making, looking just as new and shiny among the rubble as he had seen it the day Kang attacked.  It was like it hadn't gotten the memo to be run-down like everything else.  Tony coughed, but continued talking.  "And this is the machine that will do it.  You'll find the blueprints of it in the text being sent with this message.  We worked it out the first time ourselves using the late Dr. Foster's notes.  It took years for Tony One to gather the materials.  The second time around was easier.  We figured out a way for the machine to survive the time shift, along with some stolen tech from Kang's chair to keep Tony Stark from disappearing from the time line when we go in.  It'll still kill us, but the time line won't be altered so that we don't exist.  Won't keep us
Tony went still and for one horrible second, Steve was almost sure he was frozen again.  But then he hugged Jane back, closing his eyes and drawing a sharp breath.
"I think I got a bit more than that," Steve said, his eyes dark and serious in a way that Tony knew he wasn't talking about their relationship, but more about planes and ice and all those things that kept Steve up at night.
to push Rhodey and the others away for their own safety, but he had the feeling they weren't going to let him that easily.  "I... I miss him."
Cap seemed to know anyway.  "What makes you Captain America isn't the shield or whatever flashy Stark-approved uniform you wear.  It's helping the little guys who can't fight back themselves."
"But you did protect me," Susan said.  "You kept the Skrulls from finding me, and you helped Cap realize everything was wrong, and you did all that while they were hurting you and Leo and-"
Steve didn't mind the dirt and grime so much.  A month on the front lines would cure anyone of that, and he could never afford good neighborhoods growing up so he was no stranger to grime.  He just hadn't expected a fancy businessman like Tony Stark to be quite so at ease with it either, especially not with today's attitudes towards cleanliness.  It was a surprisingly good look on the man, he'd admit.
Tony kicked at Kang, breaking his hold in a move that Steve had taught Iron Man.  He fell to the ground, rolling away.  But Kang reached out to the chair, pulling out the glowing ax.  He was going to hit Tony.
"I hurt you," Steve said, and suddenly Tony was sure he wasn't just talking about hugging, but it was easier to pretend.  "Don't just pass that off."
"The Kona coffee blend with milk, but no sugar," JARVIS replied.  "Mr. Stark prefers the coffee made in the Avengers' common kitchen, though there is no discernible difference between the coffee maker in here and his workshop."
"Would you?" Steve snapped, unable to control his temper any more.  "Would you actually help?  Because the way things have been going, I don't know if I can trust you."
"No," Steve said miserably.  "Only since I remembered being a dragon after coming out of the ice.  It's fine when I'm not thinking about it, but how do you even balance without a tail?"
Thankfully it wasn't that deep.  The bleeding had already stopped and it was only the fact that Tony had been cutting chicken that was worrisome.  Steve made a note to check on Tony in a few hours to make sure the finger wasn't swelling, since he doubted Tony would volunteer the information.
"While you were off in dream land, the rest of us weren't getting much sleep," Rhodey said dryly.  "She's got board meetings early tomorrow, but she dropped by for a little while you were out of it again.  Since you're not
At least the door seemed fairly straightforward.  No locks or hidden traps that he could see.  Just the door waiting to be opened and whatever lay on the other side.
"He what?"  Steve felt like he couldn't breathe.  That was not what he was expecting.  Out of all the things she could have said...  Horror swept over him.  "How do you know that?" he demanded.
"And War Machine and Iron Man, they're always best friends.  That's what you told me," Susan continued.  "So you have to be - Kes?"
"Nope. We beat the statistics.  Or Thor did, in finding us, but I'm pretty sure he was using some Asgardian trick to find us."
He could feel how different it was for Steve too.  With Bucky, they had nearly always been talking to each other, even when they weren't actively paying attention.  That Tony wanted this damned privacy hurt in ways Steve hadn't expected.
"Time!" Leo snarled.  Susan took a step back.  She'd never seen Leo genuinely angry before, but this...  This wasn't like him at all.  "All I've had is time.  Time to be useless because Kes is the one they want, not me.  Time when I'm hurt to keep Kes in line.  Time when I could do
Tony stopped short.  The game was long forgotten as Tony clutched at the tablet in his hands.  He'd lost, and wasn't that the metaphor of the year?
"They've already made an Avengers movie without me, and movies about "Stephan", "Antonio", Thor, who they can actually use the name since they claim it's truer to the mythological roots, and the "Rage".  Not one single female hero movie," Jan said, crossing her arms over her chest.  "I'm not even in the new cartoon!"
"You'd make Natasha proud with that mouth," Tony said, giving her the impression he approved.  Her mother wouldn't have, but she wasn't here right now.  She wasn't here because of Kor'la'vin.
Sam met them on the ledge of the building.  "Steve?" Tony asked, because making sure Steve was alright was now a priority.  If Steve wasn't here to meet him, then where-
He typed in the second site next, finding a more art-geared site. He didn't do a search this time, instead looking through some of the recommended pictures. Lots of people were commenting and saying how much they liked the art, which seemed nice. He went back to Tumblr and saw the notes on a few of the drawings. There were a lot more likes and reblogs, but some comments as well. Both sites looked like good networking and ways to showcase art, if in slightly different ways.
"It was more rhetorical than anything," Steve explained.  He didn't understand it, but he did know some of the reasons people would steal the drawings.  Attention, mistaken sense of doing the artist a
Iron Man let out a small scream as he shot into the sky before Steve could grab his wrist.  Steve watched for a moment before rushing back into the Tower.
Steve took a step back in surprise, and Tony tried to rein in his temper.  None of this was Steve's fault.  "Are you alright?" Steve asked.
"It won't heal completely."  Steve's voice sounded weaker, but he still continued.  "But it'll work longer.  Combined with the orichalcum it should work just like a normal heart."
"You always complain when I'm 'sulking'.  Now you don't have to worry about that anymore.  The world never needed a moping Captain America."
"Do you wish you hadn't connected?" Steve asked uncertainly.  He stilled underneath Tony, carefully not focusing on the hurt.
Tony opened his mouth to ask, but Steve plowed on.  "She's British, you know?  Peggy's an agent with the SSR and I think she's got Fury scared of her."
fall for his puppy dog eyes.  There's been nine versions of us trying to get this right, and every one of me that told him ended up with a dead Steve."
Steve's relief hit him like one of his cars hitting a brick wall at the highest speed.  Not one, but two tails wrapped around him to pull him out.  "I can walk," Tony said, but he allowed the dragons to fuss over him.  He could feel Sharon, but it was distant.  Steve, on the other hand, took no time to wrap himself around Tony mentally and physically.
Wanda's voice snapped him back to the cavern.  Tony opened his eyes then shut them against the light, rubbing his temples.  "You're hurt," she said sharply, and he could feel Steve's worry on top of hers.
"-Shh, Tony.  It's okay.  It's okay.  I need you to stop moving.  You're safe. Stand down, Avenger.  You're safe.  Shh..."
Tony woke up a second time with intense pain in his chest, but at least this time he could breathe.  Electrocuting himself was terrific fun up till the screaming started.  "Jarvis won't be happy about that," Tony muttered hoarsely, grateful that this time he had a light to wake up to.  He couldn't have been out that long if the battery still worked, but he didn't want to think about what he'd do when that one ran out considering he'd just killed the extra.  Thankfully the orichalcum only needed a very small charge.  The lingering pain was probably more from over-charging than from the burns.
Steve spread his wings as the ground shook again.  "Alright," he said, his tail wrapping around himself.  "Be on guard.  Tony, you're with me."
"It's just better down there," Tony muttered.  His cheeks had a faint blush that made Steve analyze what he'd just said.  He really wasn't opposed to seeing Tony blush, and he wanted to know what he'd done to bring it about.
Steve didn't speak, and Tony almost thought that the conversation had ended with Steve's polite nature trumping his stubborn insistence.  Which was why Steve's soft reply startled him.  "Okay."
"Does everyone know about that?" Steve asked, a blush working its way down to his neck. He'd thought the internet was more anonymous.
"You take them from Pepper," Steve said, a hint of a smile in his voice.  "And sometimes from Rhodey."
"It tried," Iron Man said.  "I could feel it tugging, and I don't have the best temper to begin with.  But the rest of you guys?  Not so much.  Even Banner's fuse isn't that short.  It was enough to shake the pull, knowing something was wrong."
"Thought it'd be the best place to find you," Steve said.  "I, uh, got pretty good at breaking and entering during the War.  Also, Fury has your codes."
Iron Man's shoulders slumped and he apparently found Steve's feet much more interesting than his eyes.  "It's...  more complicated than that."
"He promised you not to do that anymore," Rhodey said, looking torn between Kestrel, Leon, and Steve.  She had been privy to that very loud fight.
"Any time," Steve said, pushing the memory of Iron Man's hand in his out of his mind.  Iron Man didn't have to know his heart was still broken.  "Come on.  Let's get back to work."
Steve did not expect to find the mansion a disaster zone when he returned from his run.  He automatically tensed, fingers itching for his shield as he looked around the mess that used to be the living room.
Oh, yeah.  Staying with Steve for as long as possible.  "Still here," he said, though he thought he sounded far away.  A fire would be nice.  He couldn't quite muster up the will to go get firewood though, but Steve would take care of it.
Not needed, Leon inched towards the edge of the group.  He wasn't being useful or much of a leader right now.  As the others started to make plans, he slipped out of the room.  It was painful with his leg, but he could still leave the room unnoticed at least.
"Jane, you should tell him what you have discovered," Steve heard Thor say.  It was muffled enough that he assumed it wasn't on speaker phone.
It was a white contraption of three long sticks moving in a circle gracefully.  It didn't have any sort of mechanism to move it that Steve could see.  He touched one of the sticks and it stopped moving.  When he pulled his hand away, it started again.
"He's got a wound in his stomach, possibly blood in his lungs.  I think the claw hit high enough to puncture one of them," Steve said, his mental voice close.  Tony had meant to say something to Steve before he died.  His thoughts were swimming too badly to remember what it was.
He didn't know, so he struggled to stay conscious even as the cold tried to seep in through the cape wrapped tightly around him.  He managed about as far as the quinjet before passing out in Thor's arms.
Natasha snorted, eating her soup and some how managing to let her disdain for Steve show while doing it.  Steve resolutely did not pout.
Tony nodded, not saying anything more.  Steve didn't know how long the hospital staff would let them stay, but he wasn't going to leave Tony alone if he could help it.  He looked like a ghost, and he wasn't the one lying in a hospital bed.
Iron Man hadn't been around for the past few days, off with Stark at a conference on the other side of the country.  The others had taken to avoiding Steve entirely; Steve could admit that maybe he wasn't being the best company right now.  It made him feel isolated and cold, but whenever he tried to interact with the others he only made things worse.
It was painful to roll the suit over, but thankfully his arms weren't hurt.  The suit was damned heavy though, and Tony made a slightly hysterical note to do more weight-lifting when he got home.  When the War was over.
"Tony, did you take my sculpture again?" Ms. Potts said sharply, turning to Stark with her arms crossed over her chest.
"Yeah, yeah," Tony said, attempting to hide a blush behind the coffee.  Susan watched as he started to pull away, a cross look flickering across his features when Cap held on.
Then everything stopped.  The quake, the noise, everything.  Tony caught his breath, pulling himself back on the ledge.  Was it over?
Tony didn't say anything as the video continued to play, his face ducked against Steve, and Steve rubbed small circles into Tony's lower back as he watched the video fizzle out and Rhodes's scream cut off.  '
"You really do not, sir," Steve said, stubbornly raising his chin.  Pepper said that SHIELD knew about the reactor and thought that Tony's weak heart kept him from strenuous things.  If only they knew.
"It was a shoddy AI interface Tony threw together since Iron Man was needed to protect Colonel Rhodes," Steve recited.  "It didn't work very well and Tony was caught by the electricity of the portal after I pushed Kang in."
Steve's tail came up hesitantly, lightly resting against Tony's hips.  Tony petted it, which was apparently all the permission Steve needed for a tighter grip.
"We got most of the civilians out.  There were a few left that insisted on going back for... meaningless things, but we couldn't move fast enough to stop them."  Steve's hand briefly tightened around Tony's.  Loss of life never sat well on Steve's shoulders, especially not when it was over something easily prevented.  Tony floundered, wanting to comfort Steve and not knowing how any more.
"Yeah," Tony said, holding Steve tighter.  He'd protect Steve this time.  He'd fix things.  "When the War ends..."
"If you want to get out of here alive, we do it on my terms," Tony said.  Then softer, to Steve.  "You're thinking awfully loudly..."
"Hopefully only her," Tony said.  She was just as trapped down here as he was, unless she had another way out.  In which case, he was in a lot of trouble if she managed to call for Hydra reinforcements.
"Because you warned me off and I should have listened and given you space.  And no matter what you said to me, I shouldn't have said that to you.  I made the decision to brave your mood despite how you asked for space, and I should have kept my temper."
Tony cursed quietly.  "I don't care what Pepper says, I'm installing JARVIS here to keep her out.  And probably a restraining order.  I take it Happy took care of her?"  Steve nodded at Tony's question, but before he could say more, Tony was straightening out and moving past Steve.  "I should go take care of-"
Tony ran the start-up programs for his secret project.  He couldn't remote control it fully enough to fight with the processing power here, but if he could call it here, it could pick up his data crystal.  Then he could have a direct connection to it and make sure any viruses didn't corrupt Steve.  He stayed well away from his husband, setting a timer that he hoped would be unnecessary, but he knew that hope was futile.
Tony Stark was in the kitchen.  Which was not an unusual thing, considering the Avengers took most of their meals there instead of in the fancy, overbearing dining room reserved for special occasions.  What was unusual was that Tony was
"Friends."  Steve flushed, smiling shyly in spite of the topic.  The fact that Rhodey considered him a friend meant a lot, and Steve hoped he could be worthy of that friendship, even if being a matchmaker probably wasn't one of Rhodey's strongest abilities.
She swallowed once more and took off.  She still had to get the prisoners off the train and she couldn't afford to think about the Skrull who murdered her parents.  She could think about the gaping hollow in her chest later.
Steve felt relieved, then a little guilty.  At least it wasn't Iron Man, even if he hoped Colonel Rhodes would pull through.  "This is the suit you gave the Air Force?" he asked, recalling the limited data he'd seen in Stark's file.  SHIELD had never seen it necessary to give him files on the other suit or its pilot, since he would have no ties to the Avengers for most of the time.
The exit was also blocked by a massive tree, but he didn't have to push that one.  Steve and Sharon were pulling it down.
.  Especially not Steve.  He is a pushy bastard who will try underhanded ways to whittle it out of you, but
Steve understood, even if Tony didn't say anything more.  The grip on his shoulders was released, and Tony was pulled into a proper hug.  "I hate the cold," Steve replied, his voice almost lost in the howling of the wind.  "And planes.  Especially crashing ones."
Iron Man would be jealous of Steve and Tony becoming friends with the other people.  But that was the only explanation that Steve could think of.  It just didn't fit at all with what he knew of Iron Man.  So he was missing some piece of the puzzle, but he wasn't going to figure it out just staring at Iron Man.  "You alright, Shellhead?  You're acting a bit funny."
it.  And I think you know that already.  He's still too caught up in Pepper to realize it, but he's pretty far gone on you too.  And I'd like two of my friends to be happy."
Steve wisely didn't say that Tony's work appeared to be consisting of smashing apart the Iron Man suit at the moment.  "You could join me?" Steve said instead.  "I think the others have probably finished by now, and it's lonely eating alone."
"The human, huh?" Sam said, and strangely enough Tony got the impression Steve was embarrassed as he helped Sam up.
"Easy," Clint said again, worry in his voice.  Clint stood, carefully sliding Bruce's glasses off and setting them on the table.   "It's just the detox.  The cocktail they gave you was pretty nasty."
And seeing her put herself back together allowed him to do the same.  "I think there's a saying about kettles, Ms. Potts," he said weakly, gesturing to the armor she hadn't gotten out of yet.
"So that's it?  Don't kill the messenger but it's all doom and gloom?" Tony asked incredulously.  "No offense, Ma'am, but I'll make my own destiny if those are your predictions."
"Things are okay then?" Susan asked hesitantly.  She had Leon's arm around her waist, and fuck, he'd missed them getting together and-
"I'm terribly sorry, Captain, but Iron Man is also currently unavailable," JARVIS said apologetically.
"He's done a lot for the Avengers," Steve said carefully, sensing his response would be important.  "Not just by letting us have Iron Man for the team, but by letting us stay in the Tower and upgrading our equipment.  From what I understand, he also pays for a lot of the damages in our fights.  I'd like to thank him for his support and get to know the man funding our team."
He'd heard of nagas in his studies of various mythologies, but he'd never thought he'd actually meet one, even with all of his adventures and strange things he had seen.  "Sounds dangerous, living in that temple by yourself," Tony said.
"Because if there's a chance I could lose you, I'd rather spend what time I have with you than without you."
"It wasn't that kind of clingy, Tony," Steve said, because Tony's insecurities popped up at the oddest times, and Tony didn't need to be retrospectively jealous.  He took Tony's face in his hands, kissing his forehead.  "It really wasn't.  But I... that was the second time I lost time, sweetheart.  I can't do that again."
Okay, maybe he hadn't been humming as tunelessly as he thought.  He hadn't even really connected the song to the melody in his head, since he'd slowed it down.  "Thor suggested it," Steve said, flustered but glad to hear Tony laugh in a way that wasn't laced with bitterness or anger.  "When Iron Man... when
Natasha and Clint left for Latveria three days before Tony came back.  Steve sparred with Thor and played chess with Bruce to pass time, looking over the endless streams of data about Tachyon particles in between.  He wasn't an expert on them yet, but he could give the average SHIELD agent a run for their money on making sense of the data, and Bruce explained a few of the more incomprehensible theories.
think I could fly."  The latter was for Steve who he knew was still listening even if he didn't know how.
"I love you," Steve told the camera, the Tony in the past.  "Not Iron Man, but Tony Stark.  Even if you don't return those feelings, that won't change.  So you'll have to put up with my stubbornness a while longer.  And I know that's not easy sometimes, and I still can't really agree with your methods, but Tony...  thank you."
For a moment, Steve wasn't sure if Tony would try to pull away.  Tony seemed geared for a fight, but Steve could hold his own.  Probably.  Damn, he should have known better than to accept that drink.
Tony didn't relax immediately, but he stopped struggling.  He felt someone large moving in behind him, warm and comforting.  Not threatening, but giving off heat like a furnace in a way that started to relax Tony's tense shoulders as the stream of calming words continued.
He didn't think when he saw the message was from Natasha.  He just flicked it open before he remembered her words from earlier.  Steve immediately put the phone down, feeling a blush rush across his neck to the tips of his ears. His second mistake was to meet Tony's eyes, and then to accidentally let his eyes drop to Tony's lips, and he was
"I can do it, I think." Crimson, white, onyx.  Soaring phoenix in the sky.  Flexible as branches swaying in the wind, but sturdy as the roots buried deep in the ground.  "-said first aid was important, so I've been practicing," Sharon said, looking at Tony.  Her head bobbed slightly as she took him in from head to toe.
He'd been trying to avoid that word, thanks.  He felt a subdued amusement and brief wave of comfort through the bond that Tony wasn't entirely comfortable with.  Everything in this room stank of magic and he really missed hard science.
"You're changing the topic," Steve said, forcing himself not to yell at this infuriating man, but it was a near thing.  "Why are you doing this?  Why don't you stop and defend yourself instead of making it worse?"
Tony took a deep breath, listening to the sounds around him.  They were at the Tower, so it should be pretty quiet.  But there was a light tapping sound he couldn't account for, along with a keyboard clacking, now that he was listening for it.
"Alright, Miss Priestess," Tony said.  He walked back towards the gate, but didn't go through.  Instead, he looked over the tree.  The roots were too thick, but the branches were low enough with a bit of climbing, and they looked pretty sturdy.  Using the roots as hand holds, he climbed to the top of the gate where he could just reach the branch he had in mind.
inside the Tower. As he entered, Thor was standing with his hammer ready with a very short woman at his side.
This time the blast hit her in the side and she hit the ground before she could correct her course, rolling uncontrollably.  At last she slowed, using her arm to push herself up as the armor groaned in ways that didn't sound healthy.  Her side hurt, but she pushed that aside to fire again, even if it missed.
A sob broke through before Steve managed to pack it away.  Tony was babbling, the constant sound anchoring Steve more than the individual words did.  It covered the sound of the train and the howling of the wind.  The sound of Bucky's scream.
"Not now, Cap," he said, diving through the Skrulls with a speed no human pilot could have survived.
"I'm here because of a fantastically bad idea on Rhodey's part.  You should be proud of her," Tony said, humming at the readings on a device.  He set down the kit and picked out a second device that Steve didn't recognize, but a quick access to the server told him was the modern equivalent of a needle.  "You've got Captain America behind you.  You should remember his program.  Say hi, Cap."
He could always blame the cocktail of hallucinogens that had been running through his system for his behavior.  Actually, that sounded like a fantastic idea.  The other Avengers probably wouldn't mention it again either.
"Yes, ma'am," he said, wondering why she would come to SHIELD to ask that when she could have called.  "Whenever is convenient," he added.  "I know he's probably very busy."
"Not to those fancy places," Steve said, but then he shook his head.  "Sorry, that was...  I saw in the dream that you..."
"Because of the exposure," Jan said, as if it was the most natural thing.  "Everyone we've talked to says I'm not 'popular enough' and getting the media to give me more exposure is like pulling nails.  Every time we save the day it's only you, Thor, and Tony in the pictures."
"Shh..."  Steve's breath hitched and Tony's arms tightened around him.  He buried his face in Tony's neck, feeling awful.  He shouldn't be making Tony uncomfortable like this.
Tony hesitantly stepped forward, linking their arms.  "Don't say I didn't warn you," Tony said, but he leaned against Steve's shoulder.
“Hey Thor, hope I didn't disturb you.” Steve whispers, mindful of the sleepy genius dreaming away in his arms. Thor just shakes his head.
Everything is going well-until it's not. One of the Doombots has found a bus. It tears it in half as easily as wet cardboard. The scent of smoke and gasoline so strong it almost eclipses the scream of metal tearing apart. Even that however is not so loud in Steve's ears as the screams of civilians trapped inside. There is no time to react when the bus is flung toward him with a velocity Steve doubts he will survive unscathed. He makes a split second decision, to jump out of the way means certain death for the people inside. Staying gives him the chance to use the shield to slow the spinning pieces of bus down.
“I...have to-” Then he's up, staggering through the garden and banging through the outer doors to stumble into a bathroom. Dimly he's aware of Steve having followed him into the room, but that seems unimportant compared to making it to his destination. He has a moment to think
Steve’s ears were ringing, his heartbeat loud in his own ears.  Zemo was still speaking, but it didn’t matter, there was nothing he could have said that Steve wanted to hear.  Zemo had clearly been practicing, but he was not as adept as he thought he was.  An arrogant murderer of innocents with a god complex, that was all Zemo had ever been.  He still remembered the test subjects, helpless victims of tyranny.  Zemo never had been able to stand up to someone that could fight back.  He was going on about how he could never lose, how Steve was soft and could never beat him.  What a load of garbage, Steve didn’t pull his punches.  He felt each impact with a grim satisfaction, alternating between using the shield and his fists.  He spoke to Zemo about liberty, and the measure of a man, even if he knew it fell on deaf ears, but it didn’t matter, in the end he stood over him panting, while Zemo struggled to stand like the worm he was.
Music begins filtering into the room, something slow and jazzy.  Tony gets an arm around his neck, and they dance. The first few motions are a little jerky, but Tony guides them into smoother steps, and soon they’re pressed together moving along to the music easily.  Tony hums along to the song, sighing as Steve leans his head on his shoulder and lets him lead.
“I love you.” Tony says, just loud enough for Steve to hear. Above them a projector casts a net of stars across the ceiling. Tiny pinpricks of white light reflected in Tony's dark eyes, like that night many months ago when they shared a tent and Steve thought this future an impossible dream. Steve tilts his head to brush his lips in a whisper of a kiss over Tony's cheekbone, then another for Tony's ring finger when he brings their linked hands up to his lips.
“Well-” Tony starts, drawing the eyes of everyone in the room. “I already know who my spotter is then.”
“Tony? Is this...I can sit further away if-” Steve whispers, sounding so nervous that Tony just wants to kiss him all over his stupidly beautiful face.
“Ah my friends you are forgetting one very important thing.” The booming voice is startling, and Steve jumps, having forgotten the comm in his ear. Thor is very loud. Steve takes the little speaker off, holding it in his hand.  “Anthony is quite lovely, were it not for the love I bear my fair Jane, I would surely seek his company. If he would have me of course.” Thor obviously has no qualms about speaking his mind.  Steve stares at his communicator as if it's grown a few heads and started rampaging around Brooklyn. Then he stares around the quinjet. None of the Avengers look disturbed, they don't even look
“Doesn’t hurt, Andy deserved it anyway, he was picking on the first graders, and I dunno, I couldn’t just let him do that y’know.”  Steve felt strange.  There was a rushing sound in his ears, a coil of energy still coursing through his veins.  Sarah pressed the compress a little more tightly to his face.
“Um, yes wow, so very on-board with your hands on my ass. God your hands are really big, I could just let you fondle me all day.” Tony might be babbling a little bit, but how could he not? Tony groans, combing his fingers through Steve's hair.
“I'm nothing special, I'm just a kid from Brooklyn. Some days when I feel like I could go back in the ice-I think about that kid from Brooklyn. I think about having met you then, what I would have thought if I'd have seen you then. Even with the danger I still would want you.” Steve turns his hand, taking Tony's in his and stroking his thumb over Tony's wrist. Tony is well known for never running out of things to say, but he finds he can't speak, afraid to break this moment between them.
He carefully draws Tony's hand out from beneath his shirt.  It's warm, well manicured but callused. Steve brings that hand up and drops a kiss over Tony's knuckles; freezing when he realizes what he's done.  Maybe it's too much, too sappy and foolishly needy, but then Tony lets out the softest of sighs and presses closer against his back.
After he finished eating, he bid Tony goodnight, and trekked back to his room.  Tony had looked like he might have wanted to say something, he told Steve he would be out of the country for a week or two, but that he would be back soon as he could.  He’d left a card with his number, and a tiny little glass square he called a phone, along with an instruction manual.  Unable to sleep after tossing and turning in his bed, he sat up and pored through the manual.  This little device could call people, he could watch movies on it?  Steve stared a little harder at the words in the booklet.
“Sir, Captain Rogers approaches, he states he has a gift for you.” As if on cue, there are five precise knocks on his door. Tony swallows, going to look at himself in a floor length mirror, before allowing JARVIS to let Steve in the room.
“Sleep, I'm tired, just stay close, go to sleep, Tony.”  Steve can't help a smile of his own when he feels Tony press close and his lips curve upward against his neck.
“Alright, maybe a little,"  He allows, with a smile, "but I love you as you are.” Sure his cheeks are burning hot enough to start a bonfire, and sure he just said that in front of all their friends, but it's not as if it's a secret. Tony flushes so deeply it looks to go all the way down to his toes. He takes a long sip of his drink, then sets it down, refusing to meet Steve's gaze as he does.
Atop him Tony shifts, leaning up to meet his eyes.  “Yes darling, you make me very happy, happier than I’ve ever been.”  The look on his face is too warm, too much, but Steve can’t look away.
in the shower then?” He can't say what he really means yet, it seems vulgar to talk about that kind of thing with Tony even now, with Tony having seen what seems like every inch of him.
For all he joked about Tony’s love of high tech planes, he was pleased to see the quinjet sitting in the aircraft hangar when he snuck down there with his go bag and his tach suit hidden beneath a long trench coat, just in case he got his timing wrong and met another Avenger in the halls while on his way down. He remembered all his access codes of course, though he still half expected to get a call or two when he opened the plane up and stepped inside.
“Yeah I bet, but he shouldn't sleep here, he's gonna wake up with one heck of a crick in his neck. Why's he sleeping on the floor and not the couch anyway?” Steve says nothing of the labored breathing, he hadn't liked it when people had pointed it out to him back before the serum-he doubts Mister Stark would appreciate the reminder, even if he's talking to JARVIS right now and not the man himself. He gets the feeling the AI talks to his creator a lot.
The Invaders felt the same about him, when they at last made it over to Europe-although Namor would very likely never admit it.  Old Imperius Rex had some kind of mental block when it came to paying anything other than the most backhanded of compliments.  Steve didn’t take it personally, Namor was like that to everyone, and his tiny little briefs made up for a lot of his personality.
“Great, fantastic, filthy, wonderful sex.” Tony corrects him smugly, but the expression on his face is cautious.
Tony is right behind her, cup of coffee clenched between his teeth as he does up cuff-links that look to be tiny gold enameled Iron Man heads. A man in military dress is at Mister Stark's side, prodding him and causing him to nearly lose his coffee cup. Behind him Happy Hogan and Iron Man bring up the back. Steve carefully transfers some eggs, a pancake, and a slice of bacon onto a plate.
By the end of the party everyone is more than a little tipsy, including Steve. That Asgardian stuff packs a punch, and Steve finds himself leading their party over to the room full of beanbags. Rhodes is surprisingly the first to jump into the beanbag pit, followed by Pepper. After that, everyone piles in; Steve picking Tony up and rolling the pair of them onto a particularly soft looking red cushion. It's made out of some sort of microfiber material, softer than rabbit fur, and warming to their body heat rapidly. Tony stares up at him, blinking slowly as Steve touches over his face.
“We need an MRI.” The scrubbed woman at the front of the gurney says almost to herself, and all three of his companions are suddenly up in arms.
“That is the idea I'm after, gorgeous. Here you are, the most beautiful engine in the world, must put my fingers everywhere. Would you like that? Would you like my fingers-” Tony reaches over, grabbing one of the toys Steve noticed on the bed earlier. It's fairly small, only about the width of two fingers, curved to hit his prostate, with a bump on the base that nestles perfectly against his perineum. The last time Tony used it on him, he had come so hard he saw stars. “or maybe this, you came so pretty on it last time. It felt good, didn't it, big guy?” Tony is speaking so warmly, his voice full of praise.
“Hey baby, come here often?” Tony says, giggling slightly when Steve snorts and traps him against his chest.
“If you say so Cap.” Iron Man still doesn't sound convinced, but the quinjet comes into view before Steve can get another speech going. They come to a careful landing just as the bay doors open. Steve steps off gleaming boots, just in time to steady Iron Man as he staggers.
“Don't worry Tony, we'll get to the bottom of this if it's the last thing we do.” Says blond and punches bears for fun from where he's sitting by the headboard of the bed. His face looks awfully grim despite Tony's desire to break out into an obnoxious rendition of Yankee Doodle when looking at him.
Deep down Steve knows that loving Tony with everything he has might not be the best idea. If Tony is who he thinks he is; who he
Steve holds him tighter, bunching his hands in the soft fabric of his expensive suit jacket. “You don't know that. You don't know what he is or isn't willing to do. You're asking me to be alright with the idea of losing you, with the idea of you getting hurt when I could prevent it.”
He went shopping for this meal and had to have come here to set this table up beforehand; all of that without knowing if Steve would even say yes.  Steve swallows thickly, setting down their salad, and sitting down heavily in one of the chairs.
.” He's interrupted from the beginnings of what would be a truly impressive rant by JARVIS making the sort of throat clearing sound he reserves for special occasions.
Tony affects a casual stance to try and hide the fact that a wave of panic just rolled up and tried to strangle him. It's unsurprisingly
“Yeah sometimes, it's more uh. At night it-” Tony chews on his bottom lip, trying to think of a way to word this that won't put Steve into worrying overdrive. “Sometimes I'm more conscious of it than other times if that makes any sense. I know it's
“I'm relaxed, so relaxed, I'm...oh-” Tony throws an arm over his face, groaning as Steve presses into him slowly. His cock is undisputeably hard, twitching slightly when Steve finds the right angle to make him gasp out obscenities and declarations of love as Steve sets about driving him to the edge with the same sort of methodical focus he applies to battle. Tony's body is easy to read, the flush down his chest, the way he pushes back against Steve, and the fluttering of his internal muscles when he does something that feels particularly good all serve to tell Steve he's doing a good job.  “Kiss me, Steve, kiss me, fuck, who taught you this shit, oh my god.” Tony sounds near delirious, moaning into Steve's mouth when he leans down to give him what he's asked for. He feels so good, so perfect like this, that Steve can't help but whisper that praise into his ear, lips pressed against sweaty curling strands to tell Tony exactly what he feels like wrapped around Steve's cock.
“Anything you want.”  Steve says, a sudden thrill going through him just with the thought of whatever Tony might have in mind.  He wants to do what Tony likes, if Tony would like it. He wants to please him. It's still so novel that anything he brings to the table could be something Tony could want.  “I trust you, you would know better than me anyway.” Steve mumbles, sighing and leaning into Tony when dexterous fingers curl in his short blond hair and pet there slowly.
“You know what Hawkeye, why not? After SHIELD comes and picks up our friend here-don't want him waking up and causing another ruckus.” Steve says. His concession to Clint's carnie ways is met with a loud round of cheering from several of the other Avengers. Well, that settles it, looks like he's going to be in the armor for another few hours at least. Tony really hopes they don't expect him to ride anything in gold titanium alloy. A quick scan of the dinky little roller coaster tracks makes Tony want to weep into his helmet-or maybe show up with a wrecking crew to rebuild those death traps into something so much better.
“We’ll talk later, yeah, I’ll be back at the mansion tomorrow.”  Tony said, his arm firmly wrapped around Steve.  Warm, the armor was so warm.  Steve leaned against him a little more, and Tony hummed contentedly.  They watched Jan field questions for a few minutes, before Tony shepherded them over to speak with the reporters.  He was dazzling and charismatic as ever, and he kept his arm around Steve the entire time.
“Oh sure, okay.” Tony nods absently, brushing debris, crumbs, and possibly plaster dust from his ceiling from the black material of his shirt.
“Huh. I doubt our fair dragon monster had any use for a fancy paperclip.” He murmurs, fighting the urge to rub at his chest with the memory of that thing trying to rip the arc out. “I'm betting you've already run the serial number.”
“Probably?”  She sounded a little surprised, but not as much as he would have expected.  Maybe giving alphas courting gifts wasn’t that strange anymore.
“Estimated time of arrival is forty minutes with current conditions.” A voice said from the car’s speakers.
“You need not ask us.” Thor says, walking over to clasp a hand on first Tony's, then Steve's shoulder. “We are Avengers, and you are just as much an Avenger as one of us. You protect many of us with your science, and we fight battles for those who are unable to do so, be they a shieldbrother or not. You are courageous Anthony, but I will gladly swing my hammer in your defense, and I do not believe myself to be alone in that sentiment.”
“Cap, you are not going to hold my hand the whole time.” Tony says, eyes widening when Steve just regards him steadily.
“No, not at all, although that would depend on your definition of trouble.”  Dr. Erskine still sounded slightly amused, enough that Steve figured he wasn’t about to be clapped in irons.  “I have an opportunity for you to serve your country but,”
“It could happen, you could grow tall and strong, but you have to eat your vegetables, you hear?”  She poked his uninjured cheek and Steve laughed, but the smile soon dropped off his face.  “Ma’, what if I don’t,”  He swallowed, running a hand over his injured knuckles,  “What if I don’t grow, or get strong, how can I be a good alpha?”  Steve remembered sitting in a hospital bed, listening to Sarah talking to a doctor and crying.  He knew his heart was bad, that his body hurt nine days out of ten.  Even in the flush of optimism of his first Alpha rush, he knew the future might not be so rosy.
"How about your missiles, did you tell them about that?  Or the fact you killed your big daddy-o because you wanted a bigger piece of the pie.  All that pie, all that sugar, and you wouldn't share with little ol' me,"  Hammer continues on with all the plaintiveness of Oliver Twist asking for more soup.  It's ridiculous and disgusting, but Tony still feels torn, usually he would just bat it off with some innuendos of his own, but Steve is right there, hearing about all the worst parts of his past. Steve had said he loved him, but Hammer is detailing some of his more sordid history now.  His sexual past he's not ashamed of, not at all really.  That ship has long sailed, nothing to be ashamed of there.  It's the other things.  His history making weapons, who he'd been once-and how can Steve ever look at him the same way again. This is it, the bullshit straw that breaks the camel's back. Steve deserves better, deserves someone that doesn't have a list of very public bad decisions trailing him, Steve is-
“Greetings Captain Rogers, if you should ever need my assistance I can be found in all the common living areas as well as Mister Stark's workshop and the garage. Simply speak to me and I will offer what I can.” Steve thinks his eyes might just pop right out of his head.
“Alright, I have quite a bit of experience helping out with that type of thing.”  She stood, her arms were stacked high with velvet trays full of a king’s ransom worth of jewels.  “If you’re not sure, it’s probably best to avoid bracelets, collars, rings can even be tricky, depending on how married to looking like an alpha your fair friend is.”  She separated a few of the trays away, the ones containing slender diamond encrusted chokers, and a few more substantial looking ones.  Steve flushed, a necklace was a
“Always like your hands on me Cap.” The cheeky little grin makes Steve feel like he might be going mad.
“Oh yeah, every last inch of me.” It's maybe not the least lewd thing he could say, but it's pretty tame all things considered.
“Captain Rogers woke when you arrived, perhaps you are not as quiet as you think yourself to be.” JARVIS snarks. It's impossible, Steve's hearing is amazing, but it's not
“Steve, I’m sorry, did I do something, or,”  Aw hell, Tony sounded worried now, that was the last thing he wanted.
“You’re so impatient, so efficient, an excellent plan if I do say so myself.”  Tony says, tapping his fingers against Steve’s shoulder absently. He settles atop him within moments, and Steve watches him in silence, taking in the dark sweep of his lashes, and the almost too deep hollows of his cheeks.  He wonders how often Tony actually takes time for himself, how often he just lets himself breath. Maybe that’s a little hypocritical given his own nature, but it’s still something he wishes they could both do more.
His mood is lifted slightly by the sight of the other Avengers all decked out in formal wear. Thor is in a sequined tuxedo. Tony blinks at it.
about him. Rhodey's never going to stop saying I told you so. Tony may as well write it on his headstone, because it's never going to end for as long as he lives.
“Well, wouldn't want to break a promise.” He says, setting about peeling his pants downwards. Tony wheezes a little at the sight of hot rod red lace peeking out from the waistband of his pants.
“Of course it is Hap, why wouldn't it be?” If the twist of his smile is slightly bitter, Happy doesn't comment on it.
“What do you say, how does Gal sound?” A loud chirping meow meets the question, Tony takes that as an affirmative.
“I’m fine Tony, just didn’t sleep well last night.”  Or the nights before that, but he wasn’t about to burden Tony with that knowledge, there wasn’t really anything he could do about that as it was.  Tony was still frowning though, he raised a gauntleted hand to stroke his thumb over the hollows beneath Steve’s eyes.  Steve tried not to shiver.  It felt so good, Tony touching him so gently, even if it was the armor, it was so warm.
He does however contemplate eschewing brushing his teeth in favor of tackling Steve back onto the couch, but that can only lead to him sitting up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat agonizing about kissing Captain America with bad breath.
He doesn't think Tony knows he speaks Italian, but he can't help the way the words make his heart beat a little faster, even as he hastily brushes his teeth in the bathroom, and takes a speedy shower.  “C'mon soldier, get out there and do your best.” He tells himself in the mirror, combing some pomade into his hair and parting it the way he knows Tony likes. He leaves his shirt off, only stepping back into the pajama pants out of habit.  Maybe he should go back into the room naked? No, Tony does always say he likes unwrapping his presents. Steve blinks at his reflection, trying to will that hot red flush away, but not quite managing it. Right. He's made Tony wait long enough as it is.
“Oh but I am crude baby, crude and lewd, but you love me anyway.” Tony snickers, kissing all over his face and poking his red cheeks with quick clever fingers.
“Bucky!  Where is he, do you have him?  What have you done with him?”  His senses reeled, his entire body prickled and went hot as the rush hit him.  His vision cleared enough to see a giant man just in front of him.  It was strange, but Steve had seen stranger.  He didn’t know where his shield was, but that didn’t matter, he went after the giant anyway.
“Or if I had not been precisely where I was there is a very high possibility that you would be far more grievously injured than the few surface injuries I received. Or worse, dead. Do not be so quick to throw away your life.” Iron Man's voice is even, but Steve feels something hot burn in his chest.
“Okay, go save the world, I'll just be here, be careful, come back in one piece.”  Tony says, enough command in his voice to make Rhodes proud.  Steve doubts very much that Tony will be sitting right here, but he still drops a kiss on Tony's cheek before going to get his gear on and boarding the quinjet. His pants are exceptionally difficult to wiggle into today. Steve is going to absolutely obliterate whatever villain is behind this alert.
During the second quarter Steve nearly dropped his chips while yelling at the ref about a bad call.  Tony was laughing beside him, yelling cheers and encouragement down to the Seahawks and waving around a big foam finger enthusiastically.  The game was going well for them, a feat Tony said was impressive, given the Patriots’ record.  He was just about to ask Tony where the nacho stand was when a raucous cheer went up around the stadium.
“You um, kind of rolled out of the chair and then backed up into this corner. A self protective gesture probably, it was very speedy, you're very quick on your feet and I apparently weigh less than a bag of grapes to you so-” Tony smiles, gracing him with another little kiss. “here we are.”
“That's because it has. Clint was my spotter, and I was his.” She says bluntly, and Tony coughs into his cup.
“He'll be expecting that.” Tony murmurs, pulling a hand away from Steve's grip to rake it through his hair. “Ty isn't stupid, I would be sending all of you into a trap instead of leading
“Not a lot of people like Stark, Cap. You don't have to force this just because he makes fun toys.” If it's possible Steve's expression becomes even more stubborn, but now he looks offended too.
“Yeah. I do love you.” Steve sighs in mock defeat. Tony's smile is both sharp and soft, all contradictions, just like the man himself, but it softens further-melts into something sweet and mellow. Sticky sweet like toffee when they kiss again, gentle this time. Steve cups Tony's face between his palms, chasing the fresh taste of mint until Tony pulls back to rest against him. The heat of his hand radiates where it rests over Steve's heart. Tony curls his fingers in the soft fabric of his shirt, lashes dipping when Steve holds him tightly, one palm splayed over the small of his back.
That right there, it's just such a novel concept.  The food won't run out, and Steve gets the feeling Tony isn't talking just about food and sleep.  Abundance; he's never really had it, not until Tony. Whether that is time to rest, meals, or...the love of someone he loves in return.  It's taken a while to understand some of Tony's double talk, but he feels like he might be getting little better at it. Part of him wants to say this is all too much, he doesn't need all of this to survive, but it feels so good to just sit here and eat Tony's frankly delicious food.  To have Tony near and happily eating a small plate of eggs himself, stealing kisses in between bites. It's everything he ever wanted, more than just a mission, or existing, being with Tony is like being shocked into the world all over again, and he wants to be here, now, stuffing his face with perfectly prepared food with his sweetheart at his side.
“Don't. Don't say that.” He whispers, stopping in his tracks abruptly. “You can't-” Tony shakes his head, fists balling up tightly. He bites his lip, looking away; eyes glassy and lashes wet. Steve feels the bottom drop out of his stomach, and not in a pleasant way.
“You should keep them.”  He managed, barreling on before he could lose steam.  He felt like he was on some precipice, the edge of some thrilling and terrible danger.  “They looked good with your suit, and uh, the colors.  They just, they looked really good on you.”  He finished lamely.
"Yessir."  He says, dutifully letting Tony move his hands around on the piano, letting him position his fingers to his liking along the white keys. Steve watches his face. Hazy moonlight makes his features look soft, catching on the bright gleam of his eyes as he slips his hands beneath Steve's so that he can mirror everything Tony does.
“We got ourselves a bluenose!”  One of the betas crowed, and Steve felt his stomach sink.  “You’re all wet if you think you’re some big cheese honey, we’ll be just fine without an alpha watching our backs.”  The group laughed, weaving as one a little further down the sidewalk in a slow drunken shuffle.
“Can we have it for breakfast too?”  Steve goes for another piece of fruit to illustrate just how much he’s enjoying his idea.  Tony kisses him afterwards, slow and lingering.
was really what I felt from you.” Tony said, a deep frown turning the corners of his lips downwards. He sighed, taking a deep breath. “Look, I know me touching you wasn’t really something you necessarily wanted, but you can’t keep going like this.” He said, scooting back from Steve, putting distance between them. Steve opened his mouth to speak, to tell Tony to come back, but Tony kept talking. “I can hook you up with the VA, there are omegas you can go see there, or I can find you a nice omega therapist...”
“Do you like peas?” Tony says suddenly, head snapping up where he's standing next to Steve by the stove.
a lover.  It doesn’t matter at all though, Tony will love them no matter what.  That resolve burns in him, drives him on.  What kind of man would his soulmate love?  Tony doesn’t know, but he sets out to become that person with a single minded focus.  He builds wonders, blows past records others have set before him, uses everything in him to build a future for the one calling to his soul.  He immerses himself in it, ignores the bitter taste of sadness when Howard kicks him out for refusing to build, refusing to contribute to a world his soulmate would not like.  Maria is proud but sad, as she always is. She insures he is not cut off completely, she sends packages with his favorite sweets, letters asking him to come back home.  Promises that Howard misses him, promises that he’s changed. Obie comes to visit him later, sweet words and cigar smoke ringing around his head in clouds of lies.  Tony ignores him.
“You have a Nine O'clock with Senator Williams, followed by a demonstration of prototypes at the airfield at ten thirty, late lunch with the LabCorp reps to discuss your new testing supplies for heavy metal poisoning in the water supply. That is scheduled tentatively for one, but we can move that later if the demonstration takes too long.” She pauses, looking back at the airmen-Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes-his mind supplies. Tony Stark's longtime friend and military liaison.
When asked about recent accusations of corporate espionage against Tiberius Stone, Mr. Stark only had kind words about his former partner, explaining they were not compatible and split amicably, over difficulties not related to the accusations of espionage. When pressed, Mr. Stark merely stated ‘I don’t kiss and tell.’ Sources close to the Stark scion... (Story continues p.50)
“Did you call me down here to tease me?” He asks, voice gravelly with arousal. Tony hums something about friction coefficients under his breath in response. Steve's eyes narrow.
“Christ, Steve, that's...you're-” Tony swallows, rolling his shoulders to sit up slightly and look down between their bodies. “Oh my god, you're hard again, how is that possible?”
“No, no Steve, working, I'm working.” Dummy droops. “Later. Later okay, I promise.” That seems to cheer him up, and he's off to go organize Tony's pens. Tony sighs. Even his bot has a crush on Steve. Steve with his too kind words and his honest face. Steve who is hiding enough grief to sink a ship. He thinks again of Yinsen, of a man who lost everything-who lost it all and chose sacrifice. And for what? The equations floating around the ceiling mock him. So close to being workable, but still not enough, and for every hour he doesn't find the solution Hammer is right. He always was better at destroying than creating. Sometimes he thinks Yinsen was wrong.
“Yeah, I think you'd get struck by lightening if you tried to wear white.” Rhodey deadpans like the asshole he is.
As nice as that had been, the way he’d curled around Steve afterward had been almost as nice.  The warmth of another person, the steadiness of his breathing, Steve’s body had synced to it, and he’d slept well that night for once.  He’d even made breakfast for them in the morning, what a guy.
“Come with me.” Tony licks his lips, blue eyes lifting to meet Steve's. “We've both had a long week, I thought you might like to relax.” Tony's gaze darts from side to side.  Steve has noticed since they started this that Tony only ever truly looks nervous when he's talking to him. “The car is around the front, what do you say, weekend getaway?” Tony smiles, stroking a hand down his back with a featherlight touch. Steve just barely represses a shiver, eyeing Tony for a moment. With other people he's always a little shuttered. Here though, with Steve, his expression is unguarded, eyes bright with hope. He looks a little strained though, as if the week has taken its toll on him as well.
Steve loves her instantly, she's a kindred spirit. She has fought and persevered for everything and has come out victorious against all odds. Steve is starstruck but he's always been shit at talking to people he's sweet on. He's just a kid from Brooklyn after all, and Peggy, well she's the real deal. Still, her pulse does pick up a little when Steve enters a room, although that might be from aggravation. Steve still smiles to hear it though.
“Just think you ought to eat more.  If my ma’ saw you she’d bust my chops for not feeding you up right.  Maybe some potato stew, a nice thick steak.” Potato stew sounds great with how cold it is outside.  It reminds him of home, of his mom standing waving a spoon at him and teaching him Gaelic swear words on a Saturday morning.
“Candy?” Clint asks, and Tony nods, producing a basket of individually wrapped foil sweets. Clint hops down from the speaker.
Steve's gaze is hot, his eyes dark as he pops the button of his slacks open and slips his hand inside. Tony can't help the gasp he lets out when Steve finally,
He sleeps well that night, wrapped around Tony under the sky, the arc pulsing under his hands like the heart of a trapped star.
"What,”  he gasped, “that all, that all you got?”  Steve breathed in deep lungfuls of air.  He was not about to have an asthma attack, he was absolutely not.  Still it was strange, extremely strange.  There was no reason for the two alphas to have run off.  Steve was not delusional enough to believe that he truly could have won that fight, they’d barely roughed him up at all.  Steve had been expecting to end up with at least one black eye, but here he was, mostly uninjured, other than the spots on his back he could already feel were going to purple up.
“Yeah, Cap I'm sure. If he was with someone I would know. Ask Pepper or Rhodey if you don't believe me.” Tony shrugs. Once upon a time Tony Stark had been a playboy. Jumping from bed to bed had just seemed like the thing to do.  Tony craves touch like a drowning man, but Stark men don't ask to be
“I miss you already.” He whispers to the air, he knows with the channel Sam has set up that Tony will hear him. Surely enough, Tony's voice filters in through the speakers set into his ceiling.
“Don't go ask Stephen Strange to strip me naked with magic.” Steve tries to make himself sound as commanding as possible. Tony's glance darts to the side, and he bites his bottom lip.
The villain was some jacked up wannabe dictator named Kang the Conqueror.  Just that name alone made Steve hate him extra.  He claimed he was from the future, and jabbered on about being superior and on and on.  All things Steve and the others had heard countless times before.  Maybe the time traveling business was a little out of left field, but he still didn’t like getting smacked by Thor’s hammer, so Steve could work with it.
Natasha and Pepper are still around too, although he gets the idea both of them are extremely busy. They still make time to sit with him however. He paints their nails while they press him between them; their expensive looking business suits getting all wrinkled while they make idle small talk Tony
“Someone needs to tell Thor to come down and stop doing the Macarena on the deck, he's making the crew nervous.” Another voice, deeper, playful, he reminds Steve of Bucky when he was feeling particularly like taking the piss. There's the sound of metallic whirring, heavy footsteps. Steve feels the vibrations even where he's laying. Whatever or whoever is walking must be
“No, no kinda like the thought of someone looking out for me. Can you um. Can you” he thinks back on some of the lingo Mister Stark has used around him. “Can you uh...upload yourself in here, in my room that is?
There's not much talking after that. Another hour is lost, but they do eventually stagger off for a shower. Steve gets distracted all over again when Tony steps into the bedroom in one of his obscenely well tailored suits. Around the tower it's rare to see their resident billionaire in anything other than his comfortable workshop clothes or the flightsuit. It's almost easy to forget that Tony has more jobs than any of them. Now watching him smooth the lines of his waistcoat, and chatter away to JARVIS concerning stocks-he feels a little bad for monopolizing so much of Tony's scant free time.
“Steve, listen to me okay,” Tony squeezed his shoulders, leaned in close, “I want you to come to me, if you need it, even if you don’t need it, if you’re just kind of having a crap day. Come to me before it gets so bad you look like you’re dead on your feet. Please.”
“Yeah.” Tony mumbles, momentarily exceedingly turned on by the thought of Steve in a red white and blue Iron Man suit. “You most of all, would be-that would be so hot.” That's to say nothing of how much better Steve would be shielded if he had something like the armor encasing his body. His very warm and well muscled body. Steve's hand is tucked between them, fingers around the tag resting between Tony's clavicles, just the brush of his fingers there makes Tony shiver, even tired as he is.“Mmm, you gave me your tag-I should-I should make you armor.” Tony says, perking up where he's been lying in a wilted heap curled up in Steve's lap.
“I like your physique. I like it a lot.” Steve says, dropping into the loveseat at the end of Tony's bed and drawing him close.
That same undulation of his hips, sparking up against sensitive nerves, Tony can feel him everywhere. “Haah...fuck-” Is all he can manage on a creaking moan. Steve takes that as encouragement, drawing back in a long toe curling slide before rocking back into him. It's not fast, but it's perfect, deep and intense, and Tony can't think, can't do anything but roll his hips back against Steve and beg for anything, everything. Steve is moaning against his ear, sweating and swearing blasphemies the way he only does when they're like this. He lets go of Tony's hand, getting a hand under them, between Tony and the pillow he's been desperately rubbing against.
“Tell me other things you like, I want to know how to make you happy.” Steve says, pressing kisses to his lips, making him dizzy with want and heat totally out of place to sitting on an innocuous bench in a park.
“Oh-oh, sweetheart, oh, Tony,” He feels like he's floating, and part of him wants to sink his fingers into Tony's hair-it's so dark, damp and glossy, brushing against the insides of Steve's thighs-but Tony told him not to touch, and he wants to be good for him, he wants to be so good for him. Tony hums around him then, and there's just a slight increase in pressure against the toy, and that's it. Steve sucks in a breath, and then he's coming, the world going bright and light and dizzying. Tony just sucks him through it, swallows around him. He knows he fuzzes out a little bit but he can't bring himself to care. Everything feels wonderful, and Tony likes it, Tony will take care of him.
“Very well, but you must listen closely. I am placing a great deal of trust in you Captain Rogers.” JARVIS begins crisply, but there is an unspoken warning there too.  Steve feels like he's getting a very high tech shovel talk, but he nods all the same.  “Call to him first before even attempting to touch. Speak with him as you move him. No sudden movements. When you place him in his room, the lights will stay on. If he becomes agitated set him down and do not stand over him.” The words are clear, concise, but Steve's not stupid. JARVIS is worried.
“Same goes for you, Cap, no getting hurt.” God, if he gets any more awkward he's going to start slapping Steve's back companionably and talking about the weather. Miraculously though, Steve seems to take this in stride.
His other belongings arrived just a few hours later, boxes of letters, art supplies not seen since he packed them away in the forties, and most importantly, a few pictures of his dad encased in the same museum grade glass Sarah’s portrait was in. He sat down on the bed for hours, reading letters and holding back his tears. There were countless letters calling him a hero, many of them dated long past when he’d gone into the ice. There were even a few from Russell, apologizing for all the mess when they were kids, telling him he would be a fine protector for a lucky omega or beta someday. There were letters from the De Rossi’s too, praising him and telling him how much they missed him, along with little cards full of recipes for him to make one day when he found himself a nice partner or partners to settle down with. They knew he couldn’t cook his way out of a wet paper bag, but rut always made him want to provide food regardless of his skill level. Nonna had even sent him a stovetop espresso maker, with a long note in Italian telling him American coffee was nonsense. Steve wiped his eyes with the back of his hand and smiled the best he could with how much his lips were trembling. God if they could see him now in this big fancy mansion.
“Hey boss, where are we goin?” Happy pipes up from where he's leaning against one of Tony's more understated cars. A sleek black Jag with an extended wheelbase that Steve has ogled on more than one occasion.
“Is there anything else you need, anything else I can get you?”  Iron man asked, he was close, almost close enough to touch.  Steve desperately wished they had been close enough to where it wouldn’t have seemed too strange for them to huddle together.  He had done it so many times after a rush, during the war.  And wasn’t that something, the war was over, had been over for decades.  Steve sank down to sit on the bed.  The trembling was only getting worse.  It was warm outside, but Steve only felt the ice.
He wanted to walk out into the living room, he knew Jan and the others were slated to watch a movie that night.  He wanted to join them, but he wasn’t in any fit kind of shape to be good company that night.  He was far too exhausted, far too raw to make conversation or even pay attention to the movie picture.  The plush was warm against his side, he clutched it closer, shut his eyes and tried to do the breathing exercises he learned during the war.  His heart was still pounding, but at last he drifted off into a fitful, uneasy sleep.
“Yesss..” Tony hisses out on an exhale, spreading his thighs wider on the mattress, offering himself up. Steve holds him there, one hand set on the small of his back, tipping his hips up and pushing his fingers in deep. So deep that it presses him down into the mattress, makes him gasp and hide his face in the pillows, makes his hands claw on the sheets when those fingers twist inside him just so to rub against his prostate. Tony bucks as best as he can with Steve holding him there, his toes curl, legs kicking when Steve taps at his prostate, then rubs there in slow circles-perfect pressure that makes his eyes roll back and the breath stutter in his chest. There's more lube drizzling over him, being fucked into him, wet, and slick, and sloppy, but Tony doesn't care. It feels so good. Letting Steve have what he wants always feels good, and Steve is always so careful. Even when he's rougher than usual, he never hurts Tony, not in a way he doesn't love at any rate.
Tony laughs making his way across the room, passing out candy-Clint demands first dibs-, chaste little kisses, and singing obscene carols when Natasha pinches his reindeer patched behind.
“Oh you are fantastic, Steve, truly full of surprises.”  The way he said it made Steve feel warm down to his toes.  As did the look he gave Steve later that night when they walked to his room together and Tony bid him goodnight.  Steve watched him until he disappeared into his own room.
“Go brush your teeth, Tony,” says Steve, standing to turn Tony towards the doorway, giving him a little swat to propel him into the hall.
Natasha shook her head, meticulously peeling the wrapper from her muffin as she spoke.  “Not really, but Clint and I were thinking of running some training drills, would you like to join us?”  That sure sounded nice, and maybe it would tire him out enough to sleep well that evening.
Blue holo-screens dance around the room, casting the whole space in an almost underwater light. In the center of it all, Tony stands with his back to the door. What is he
“Where are we going?” He asks, following behind Tony without resistance anyway. Tony shoots him a glance over his shoulder, stopping by the elevator and waving his hand in front of the command panel to summon it down to the underground meeting and training areas.
want this?” Steve asks, dizzy with the possibility, the very high possibility that he's just been reading too much into their shared looks, into everything. He feels small again, holding out a bag of sweets for someone he knows will only slap him down.
“Love peas, one of my favorite vegetables.” Steve answers, peering into Tony's pot and noting the diced carrots and peas already in the mix.
Still, he takes the time to arrange his new plush carefully atop the chest of drawers opposite his bed; fiddling with it until it can stand on its own leaned up against the wall. Behind him Steve has gotten up. He slips up behind Tony, tapping his shoulder to collect on his goodbye kiss. Tony really doesn't want to leave, but he has an appointment to make.
” Tony admits somewhat grudgingly. Steve can't help the wide smile that stretches across his face-even if Tony scowls in anticipation of his next words.
The thought of Tony throwing himself around the field with no consideration for his own safety was suddenly more urgent and terrifying. His heart, Steve had to keep him safe, he had to- Steve cut his own thoughts off before he could go any further with that. Tony was his own man, strong, Invincible Iron Man the press called him, his partner on the field, his heart being artificial, all of that, it only made him stronger, more of a hero. He thought of how he would’ve felt, if someone would have told him he couldn’t fight, that he was too sick. Well, he already knew how that went. Most fellas would have called it quits after losing their ticker, but Tony fought on, and Steve would honor it, the way he wanted people to honor it when he’d been a skinny asthmatic with a heart condition of his own who’d joined the army. God what a guy, Steve stared down at the article feeling even more stupidly smitten than he ever thought possible.
He slept three hours before an Avengers alert thrust him into wakefulness again.  He counted it as a win.
Steve is going to learn how to use this tablet, and then hopefully he is going to rock Tony's world. Tony Stark is a stubborn guy, but Steve Rogers out stubborned a glacier, he thinks that has to count for something.
“College project, dad wasn't too impressed.” Tony shrugs, as if it doesn't matter, but Steve knows it definitely mattered to a young Tony Stark. “But then he never really was, but that's okay, Dummy knows he's my special boy.” Dummy squeaks, rushing off and returning with one of Tony's horrendous green shakes. There's a lightbulb in it. “Emphasis on the uh...special. Yes thank you, you made it a light shake. Yes yes, you're very punny. Go put it on the counter.” Tony says with all the patience of a grade school teacher.  Steve feels a deep sense of satisfaction that Tony won't be drinking that smoothie. He thinks Dummy might be onto something. He also kind of wants to go back in time and punch Howard Stark right in the teeth.  “I need to fit you by the way. I mean, I
“Good morning Steve.” Tony says, a brilliant smile on his face that's still a little shy despite what he knows the man is capable of. Steve smiles back, rolling on top of Tony to give him a real kiss. It's tradition after all.
“No MRI, absolutely no magnetic imaging.” They're talking more, but their voices fuzz out as he finds a way to roll his strange clothing down to get a good look at the device situated over his sternum. No, not over-
It's still a close thing however when Steve leans down, trails kisses over his neck, and whispers dirty praise in his ear. “You feel so good, so tight, god the way you're squeezing me, c'mon wanna feel you come-show me what I'm doing to you, let me feel how much you love it-” Usually it takes Tony longer to come than Steve, but today that is not going to happen.
“My hero, providing my caffeinated lifesblood.” He looked up at Steve, bit his bottom lip, “Hey Steve-”  Tony’s phone rang in his pocket, and he sighed.  “Raincheck, duty calls, I’ll see you tonight.”  He was already backing towards the door, cup of yogurt clutched in one hand, reaching up to tap the little blue light in his ear.  “Yes Bambi, I’ll be there soon, don’t take any lip from the shareholders.”  He mouthed a
“Hello there, I do believe I’ve been looking for someone just like you for a very long time.”  He said, in smooth accented English.  Steve took another step back.
One of the Moloids shot something at Iron Man, and he caught it in the chest, it looked like on purpose.  He used the momentum to spin backwards, coming to a halt before he hit the stands, and then rocketing back to come to a skidding stop in front of Mole man.
“Boss, it's gonna be okay.” Happy says, worry evident in his tone.  Tony's eyes snap up, hands reflexively going into his pockets to hide the minute tremors that always give him away.
“Shut up Hammer, I'm not here for your entertainment. This was found in a cave in the Smokies. Know anything about that?” He's proud of the cutting quality of the words, the steadiness of his own hands when he produces the tie clip. The clear diamond inset into the platinum reflects light around the room in tiny rainbows. Hammer doesn't seem happy to see it at all.
“Oh my gosh I think he's waking up!” A woman's voice comes from directly above him, as if she's hovering around his face; a heartbeat like a hummingbird's is just barely audible to Steve's ears. Steve frowns in confusion. Opening his eyes has never been this difficult. Curiosity and the need to take stock of his situation wins out over laying in an unknown bed like a lump.
“You did no such thing. You were quite cuddly in fact.” JARVIS sounds so pleased that his world is ending.  Tony is going to scream.
tiramisu. He makes sure to tell this to Steve, and receives a brilliant smile and a frankly adorable giggle in return.  “Dinner first, tiramisu later.” Steve drives a hard bargain, but Tony sits and lets Steve ply him with delicious pasta nonetheless.
“You're not going back to SHIELD then?” Tony's voice sounds thready, almost choked with repressed emotion, but Steve knows his lover by now.
“Tony, I, I want to be good, for you, always for you-only for you” He says it so clumsily, tripping over his words, barely able to think with the way Tony is moving against his fingers. Tony cries out, his eyes going wide, and then he's sitting up, grabbing the back of Steve's neck to drag him into a gasping desperate kiss, pulling Steve on top of him, clutching at his hair and kissing him so messily and perfectly that Steve sags against him. His fingers have stilled, but Tony doesn't seem to care, pulling back from Steve's lips with a cut off whine and pressing his forehead against Steve's; their noses just bumping.
“I like the ones with my name across your behind more, but these are nice too.” Steve says, grinning at the mock scandalized gasp this earns from Tony.
“Hey, hey big guy, you with me?” Iron Man asks, walking over to stand in front of him.  Steve takes a shuddering breath, looking up into glowing blue eye slits.  “You look a little queasy there, feeling motion sick? I have some Dramamine in one of these compartments. Hold on a sec-” Steve watches as several flaps open up on the armor, Iron Man rifles through them, producing various first aid items and a little aluminum pouch. That he passes to Steve who takes it without comment.  “Dried fruit, you haven't eaten in a while right? I know your metabolism.” Iron man points at the little bag, and Steve blinks down at the food in his hands, then up at Iron Man.
After everything was cleared, Iron Man informed them he had to get back to the manufacturing facility he had been at for the last two weeks, explaining he was overseeing the installation of new safety devices.  He was apologetic about it, but Steve just clapped him on the shoulder and asked him to come back soon.
tall, blond, and handsome.” Tony says, shooting him a wink.  Steve's smile is brilliant, and even prettier when he gets right in Tony's space to finally collect on that good morning kiss. Maybe he gets a little carried away, clinging tightly to Steve and rubbing up against all that prime American real estate, but can anyone really fault him for that? Tony thinks not.
The knowledge of that ratchets his own arousal up higher, makes him harder if possible. He's moaning against Tony's mouth, feeling so hot and overwhelmed and as if he's burning up with it, burning up and floating away, and letting Tony push and pull him just where it feels best. He knows he must be getting Tony even messier inside, maybe Tony will let him look, later, maybe, it would be such an honor, it
“Do not seek what you do not wish to find.” Is the last thing he hears before sinking back into unconsciousness. This time he welcomes it.
“You have a bit of that look, yes, but I’m sure we can find something nice for your intended.” She seemed real sure about that.  Steve wished he had her certainty.
“Why me though? I mean-” Tony puts his hand up, staving off whatever Steve was going to say for the time being. “I didn't even know you were uh, okay with the thought of sleeping with another guy. But um, why not Natasha, or-”
“Tony, what do you take me for? Of course I have.” Natasha smiles, sitting forward in her seat to produce a thin slip of paper. It's a receipt from a high end store with a long obnoxiously flourishing signature scrawled across the purchase record.
He laid there trembling for another twenty minutes, before swinging his legs over to rest on the floorboards.  He could reach them now when sitting on the bed, he had grown tall, but not strong, as his foolish, childish self had once dreamed.  He knew now, that the possibility was no longer there, that he would be frail and sickly for the rest of his life, however long that might be.
“Still on for that date tomorrow?” He asks, pressing the heel of his palm into the arch of Tony's foot with one hand, and holding his ankle with the other.
“Well that's comforting.” Iron Man murmurs under his breath, Steve hears the fine tremor in the words even quiet as they are. The reactor sparks then, a thin spiderwebbing of cracks spreading across the glass. Iron Man hisses, clapping a hand over the glowing light. Steve lets go of Iron Man for a moment to hook the shield to the holder on his back, stepping in close once more to wrap his uninjured arm around Warm smooth metal.
“Hi, Steve,” he said, a broad smile making his face even more handsome, “you were asleep twenty hours, how are you feeling?” Twenty hours? That was an astonishingly long time for anyone to sleep, much less with the serum in his veins. Steve hoped he hadn’t missed any Avengers alerts. Thor was the chairman that month, hopefully he wouldn’t get suspended.
“There's no angle Tony, Jesus, I'm just worried-and I care about you. Thought I made that clear.” Steve says, he sounds angry, but he takes a deep breath, blows it out. Tony takes another sip of his drink to keep from saying something maudlin and needy. “If our positions were swapped I think you would...you would help me too.” Steve says, letting out a blustering sigh that Tony can't put a name to. “You had a really rough night and working all night might make it even worse.” Steve finally says after raking his hands through his hair and tousling it up into a fluffy mass of gold.
“This tent looks kind of...small.” Tony says, standing in front of the zipped entrance and eyeing it critically. “Sure you don't want a cabin? There's still time.” Tony sighs at Steve's decisive head-shake, unzipping the tent and clambering inside. Steve sees the moment he realizes there's only one sleeping bag through the mesh covering the top of the tent.
He started with Devil’s Island, off the coast of Suriname. He remembered an entire penal colony once took up the island, it was a long shot, and Steve was not surprised to see it still looked abandoned on the images. He kept looking, his focus narrowing in until he lost track of time entirely. Lacking a physical enemy to fight, his senses honed to his task, until the grumbling of his stomach finally tore his attention away from the screens. Looking at the time informed him no less than six hours had elapsed. Steve stood, stretched, and worked his way through three bags of snacks, and then sat down to keep searching. He would eat a real meal later, but he was too keyed in, too focused to leave the room until he had some kind of lead.
“Forget about it-” Steve laughs, his accent doing a good impersonation of a guy from Goodfellas. Tony is charmed beyond belief. “Go back to sleep Tony.”
?” Rhodey's glaring again, Tony contemplates just hanging up. Rhodey has been with him through thick and thin. He's seen Tony at his worst, at his lowest-and Tony has seen
“Of course, tell me all about them.” He murmurs, listening intently as Tony begins detailing the invention of a new material. Steve nods along, rubbing Tony's hands again, then slipping his hand beneath his shirt to stroke over his stomach once Tony has relaxed and gone soft and sleepy as the night goes on. Tony's jaw cracks on a yawn, lids drooping tiredly when Steve turns his head to rub his cheek against Tony's.
for commissioning the artwork in this chapter.  She surprised the hell out of me with it and I've been a mess since seeing it.
“I hear you crunching back there, you’re not as sneaky as you think you are,” Tony says, wiping his eyes and shooting him an amused glance.  Steve stills with a fork halfway to his mouth. Caught red handed.
“You-really Steve?” Tony's voice cracks with disbelief. He sits up on the desk, and Steve reaches up to tug him down by the back of his neck.
Steve comes down into the garage at a light jog, eyes practically lighting up when he spots Tony over by the Jag. Tony blinks, then blinks again. Steve is poured into a pair of dark wash jeans and a long sleeved blue shirt so tight it looks like a good flex would make it fly right off.
“Could hold you up, hold you up forever if you wanted,” It's hyperbole really, and probably a tellingly romantic notion but here in this place where everything is good and Tony is looking up at him with his mouth soft and open as Steve slowly pushes into him-it all seems possible, and wonderful, yes, he could do this forever, for as long as Tony needed it of him.
“Steve-” He pants wetly against the warm skin his face is hidden against “Steve let me, let me return the favor.” His voice slurs, the words blending together as if he's a few shots of whiskey into a bender. Steve has gone hot, and when Tony manages to sit up properly and get a good look at him, he looks more than a little sheepish.
When Natasha returns with Tony's medication, he's passed out across Steve's chest. He rouses briefly to take the pills, swallowing them down with the aid of Steve's leftover tea, pulling a face at the taste of the medicine's coating.
two of Steve's fingers into that wet warmth. Steve groans despite himself, pushing his fingers deeper and watching Tony's jaw work to accommodate them. It's worth it to hear a harsh moan tear from his throat, and to feel Tony's body arch against his before going utterly lax.  So lax in fact that Steve loses his hold, but that seems to have been Tony's goal. Glittering brown eyes flick up to his and then Tony is on his knees on the floor, pressing his cheek against the front of Steve's tactical pants. It's a sight that will stay with him for years, and it's enough to make him moan helplessly.
She laughed, seemingly despite herself, shifting around so her body blocked the drafty air blowing in from cracks in the window.  “Yes, like Andy, the dastardly villain, picking on babies.”  She said, sounding bemused.
“Leaving so soon?” Tony asks, looking down at his plate to cut up his chicken, but also to hide the disappointment on his face.
“Not too bad, thank you Dr. Shellhead. Feels much better than it did before.” That's not even a lie, with the bone aligned and immobilized the pain has simmered down to a deep bruised feeling instead of the teeth grinding agony of before. Iron Man definitely knows what he's doing-which is both comforting and very much not. The thought of Tony down in his lab after missions nursing his injuries alone-bleeding and aching alone makes something dark and terrified burn bright behind his eyes.
difficult to try to be casual in a full suit of armor, but Tony thinks he's pulling it off.  “Yeah, what was that?” He says, hoping he sounds less guilty than he feels, he doesn't think he's entirely successful.
“A letter of intent, how old fashioned,”  She smiled, “and sweet, but alright then, strikeout the glove idea.  Let’s see, hmm, maybe.”  She tapped her chin thoughtfully, walking down to another set of cases, bending to open those up and rifle through them.  “Aha!  Here we are.”  She returned to stand triumphantly before Steve, another stack of boxes in her arms, which she set down and began dividing up.  Steve hoped he wasn’t taking up too much of her time with all his indecision, but she didn’t look annoyed at least, she kind of looked delighted in fact.
“Oh, just an understated little Christmas tree.” Tony says, pulling out his phone to show Steve a picture. It's of a hat, or maybe it's more of a headdress. It looks about two feet tall, green and decorated with tinsel. Steve groans.  “Had a sweater made too.” Tony continues, shrieking when Steve starts poking him in the sides.
“Oh well, you should get on that then, shouldn't you.” Tony's smile is downright devious, as is the saucy wink he shoots in his direction.
“We done here?” Tony asks, ignoring how wrecked his own voice sounds, Steve waits until Jan has skipped off to adjust himself surreptitiously. Tony would very much like to offer a blowjob or ten, but that's crossing a line with Fury even he doesn't want to tread over. That and, Steve would definitely say no. The thought is nice though, Tony adds that to his increasingly Steve centered spank bank.
“Not yet, just a little longer.” Steve says, voice a gravelly purr. Tony can't even bring himself to say anything to that, so he just lays there, flushed and panting as Steve tosses the dental dam away and then trails a path of kisses up his spine.
“Tomorrow, um.” Tony licks his lips, hands spasming slightly in Steve's grip. “Tomorrow, after I get some work in at S.I....do you want to see what I'm working on? It's pretty neat?” Tony winces clearly about to backtrack, so Steve cuts him off before he can walk it back.
Hawkeye is on the dance floor, shoving food in his mouth and talking with Natasha. Tony is surprised the arms on his tux are still intact. As if sensing his gaze, Natasha's head turns. She looks stunning as always, in a floor length green dress that sets off the red in her hair. She's probably armed to the teeth, she always is. He wouldn't be surprised if she slept cradling a bazooka.
“I like Natasha, but Natasha isn't you.” Steve says softly, cutting him off before he can list anymore potential partners.
Missions went bad sometimes, he knew that just as well as anyone, but it was different now somehow.  This team, they were fast becoming his family, he couldn’t bear the thought of anything happening to any of them.  He was already cut off from his own time, trying to find his way in a world that saw him more as an icon than a man.  There were statues of him around the country,
“True,” Tony laughs, blessedly, terribly, taking his hands away from those bright hot spots of pleasure. He only has a moment to miss the sensation and then an entirely new one is making him gasp. Tony sits back, getting a hand around his dick and then raising up, pressing Steve against him right
“Not gonna order out?” Steve says, somewhat skeptical of his own abilities to put something together that Tony will like. He hopes Tony has potatoes.
“Please, yes, show me,  I want that, to make you feel good,”  He wants that more than anything right in this moment.  Tony is so beautiful, so generous. He feels a surge of love and contentment, warm and bubbling up within him as Tony rolls away onto his back and crooks a finger at him with an affectionate wink. Steve clambers across the bed after him, all knees and elbows it seems; so much clumsier than he has ever been on the field.  Tony is watching him expectantly though, and Steve doesn't want to make him wait any longer.
“I’m going to bed.”  He announced to the room, like a bozo.  Tony looked up from his tablet, clearly startled.
Tony shoots off a text to Happy after a moment of fiddling with his phone. JARVIS helpfully throws little fireworks animations all over his screen. Tony squints.
''Tony! You're back.” Steve says before he even has a chance to open his mouth and ask what they're watching. He blinks as Steve stands to make his way over, rate of blinking increasing as Steve gives him a once over. Tony clears his throat, and Steve gets a sort of abashed look on his face, but that doesn't stop him from coming right up into his personal space.
“Right,” Tony shoves away from the counter, grabbing a bag of freshly shelled peas from within his refrigerator.  “I'll just add some more then, just for you, one stew coming up, extra peas.” He peers into the bag, seemingly eyeballing the measurement, before wandering back over.
“Well Anthony Edward Stark, you'd have to marry me first.” Steve shoots back.  Tony looks duly unimpressed by Steve's shit eating grin, but glances back down at the little girl when she tugs on his jacket to stare up at him with big hazel eyes.
