And Bucky saw it. Like a switch had been flipped, Tony’s face changed, and his eyes cleared as he unleashed that dazzling smile. “I’m so excited to spoil you both tonight that I’m mixing up my pronouns. It going to be great. Just wait until you see some of the things they’ll have there. Howard Stark’s supposed to give this big presentation, but I will bet you another ten dollars, Bucky, that it will crash and burn. Hell, it would be worth paying ten just to see it,” he smirked.
The one named Anthony Stark was laying over a table, but analysis showed he was breathing. Steve was correct. Not dead, only sleeping.
“Steve, the day you just lay there and do nothing while having sex is the day I join the priesthood. Though I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised at how
“Yeah, I found him in a tunnel. He’d been shot several times. He saved my life, told me not to waste it.” He scrubbed his eyes. “God, my face keeps leaking! He, he saved me and…”
Tony just sighed. “Right. OK,” he looked up at Steve, “I’m going to go see if I can help with any of the wounded. I’m not a doctor, but I know enough to help the medics, and I have a few supplies that they might need.”
“Thank you, baby,” was all he said as he pushed up off the bed and went to get what they would need from the dresser. He sometimes hated that they had to use condoms. He wanted to feel his lovers, but the use of the Vaseline kind of added to its necessity. They might have been monogamous with each other and didn’t need to worry so much about STDs, but the nature of their lube meant that it was too quickly absorbed into the skin. So they used condoms.
if I have the right tools and parts. So I built a weapon, a new weapon.” This was the most honest he’d ever been with them, and, subject matter aside, it felt good.
Well, they finally kissed! And then some. For any of you who feel that Bucky's submissive side wouldn't let him take the leap and kiss Tony, remember that he also did it for Steve, and this wasn't actually about sex. For Bucky, loving Tony was just another secret he'd have to keep in his life, and that thought made him desperate. He even said his biggest fear was having Tony then losing him. If Tony outright rejected him, it would hurt, but I think Bucky could have moved on easier from that. His fear at the end of the chapter showed this when he believed Tony would push him away.
As he turned around, he took in the wall of muscle that had him cornered in the small space. He was outnumbered, yes, but he would bet his entire savings that they were out-classed when it came to fighting. He’d trained with every member of the team for months and learned many different styles.
“No, I mean something’s wrong,” Tony told him desperately. “I can feel it, Steve. He’s hurt somewhere, and…”
Tony shrugged. “I pissed off the wrong interdimensional deity and was sent here over two years ago. I’m trapped. I’ve already asked the people at magic central, most likely the same people you met, and it can’t be undone. I went from the one of the richest and most powerful people on the planet to a friendly neighborhood repairman stranded decades in his past.”
Bucky smiled shyly and said, “Yes, daddy.” Before he leaned forward and slid the tip of his cock into Tony’s waiting mouth, groaning softly at finally getting some contact.
He could see Steve struggle over the impact of his words, knowing the blonde would probably like to say a lot more than he could at the moment. Then, Tony caught that twinkle in Steve’s eye just before he smirked. “Ya know, I don’t ever remember askin’ you to feed us when we met. You’re the one that chose to adopt us like a couple of strays.”
Tony’s mouth closed, and he slowly got to his feet with Bucky’s help. Steve had already left for the bedroom. They entered just as Steve began to push one bed across the floor to the other, the double bed once again large enough for all three of them.
“Let’s go,” Tony said as they ran for the stairs that would take them to the ground floor of the factory.
In his mind he saw those scars that Tony had hidden from them for three months. His heart ached for his friend. The damage was extensive, apparently both physically and mentally. How could it not be? That’s what had been hardest.  Seeing the shame and disgust on Tony’s face as he refused to meet their eyes.
Then, suddenly a memory popped into his head, and before he could think on it, Bucky spoke. “Clint, you were in the circus. Right?”
“It’s better than only eating what you’d want,” she told him coolly. “I’m not eating pizza and chips at every meal.”
Breaking the silence in a voice just above a whisper, Bucky said, “I wonder where he is right now. Or I guess
“Looks like you’re finally outta here, shrimp.” Hodge called from across the way. “It’s about time, too. Don’t know how a runt like you made it this far.”
“Is that an order, Captain?” Tony teased as he slowed his movements even more, coming to a stop. Steve just groaned in frustration before Tony continued, “No, it couldn’t be. My Steve likes to use his hands when he gives me orders. So creative the way he uses his hands.”
Steve’s arms briefly hugged him tighter. His voice was tight as he eventually answered, “I know what your worth to me. I know what your worth to Tony. Everything.”
This time as he twisted in, he curled his fingers up in search of the spot that would make Bucky see stars. He soon found it. The pads of his fingers brushed that sensitive bundle of nerves inside him, and Bucky muffled a cry as his hips jumped. Tony pulled back before moving forward to press it again.
“Hell yeah, man,” Sam said across from them. Clint, whose mouth was still too stuffed with pasta to say anything, just nodded his head emphatically while giving a big thumbs up.
about him now, he had just refused to think about it. He couldn’t, not if he wanted to keep whatever sanity he still possessed.
Tony nodded in understanding. Steve envied him for that because he certainly didn’t feel like he understood himself right now.
“What’s antipasto?” Steve asked. His forehead was scrunched in that adorable expression Tony loved so much.
Tony shrugged again, trying to act nonchalant. “It was pretty bad,” he conceded, “but not beyond repair.”
And that was it. In one hour Congress would vote yes with an unprecedented margin. Only one representative in all of them would vote no, a woman who refused to send men into battle when she couldn’t go herself. It had not gone well for her after that. Her fellow Congressmen had booed and hissed at her.
narcissistic,” Steve mused, “when you’re so much smarter than everyone around you. It’s gotta be tiring sometimes, feeling like you have to wait for everyone to catch up.”
“That sounds great, thank you,” he answered as he slid his arms into the slightly less wrinkled  dress shirt to cover the undershirt he’d slept in.
Tony wasn’t having that. Almost all of Steve’s money went to medicine and doctor’s bills. He deserved to keep something for himself.
“Tony knows about a lot of things, doll, and he is from California. People are different there. I didn’t think they were
James nodded, “Still, we owe you one. Where you staying? Steve said you’re new to the neighborhood. We could take you out for drinks this weekend and show you the local spots.”
Steve spoke. “We just got to these memories, but I don’t remember filming this. Do you remember this, Bucky?”
Tony opened his mouth, then closed it. Huh. “That could…that could work.” He turned to look at Steve who was wearing an identical smile to Bucky.
He’d done well today. Made a good sum of money and strengthened his growing ties within the community. He was far from the influential businessman he used to be, but he was forging connections nonetheless.
For some reason Bucky didn’t quite understand, he kind of wanted to mess with the guy. He remembered that he used to like making jokes and decided that must be why. “We could do other things we used to get up to,” he drawled for the added effect, “but Steve said that it’s not polite to do that in the common areas of the tower.”
That’s when a fist connected with the side of his face. It was a sloppy hit but was still backed by enough muscle to leave him dazed. Not wanting to be a stationary target for another blow, he dropped to one knee. As he drew his fist back, he let his pointer and middle finger knuckles protrude like Nat had taught him and struck out at a nerve that ran along the upper thigh.
Bucky’s breathing was getting heavier, finally breaking into a gasp when Tony bit down on the fleshly lobe and gently tugged. He then started unbuttoning the pants, moving his mouth down to Bucky’s neck as his hands began to push the trousers from his hips to his thighs.
Both of them moaned at that. It wasn’t very often when both of them would bottom, but Tony already knew exactly how he wanted to take them.
Steve’s face was pale as a sheet, and he looked like he hadn’t slept in days. When he noticed that Tony was awake and watching him, his tired face turned angry, and he glared at Tony with tear-filled eyes. “You fuckin’ jerk, Tony.” Steve choked, “You scared me to death.”
His fingers gave a twist and pressed against Steve’s prostate, making Steve’s body jerk at the sudden pleasure. “I can,” Steve answered in a groan, only half aware that this was one of those roleplay scenes Tony had told them about. He’d never really understood the appeal before, but now he couldn’t deny that this was definitely doing something for him. Trust Tony to give him what he didn’t know he needed. “I can take anything you give me.” He promised breathlessly.
I hope this will help with any confusion. Exposition is hard to write into dialogue while being true to characters. If you still have questions, you know where to find me :)
With that last thought, Tony’s attention was drawn to the door of his room being opened, and he hoped that for their sake it was someone coming to take off all of this fucking plaster. His skin really itched.
He broke the kiss, gasping for air as he rested his forehead against Steve’s. “You gonna let me take care of you too, beautiful? Let me show you how I much I need you, appreciate you?” He asked quietly.
He was soon back to fingering him open, twisting and spreading the digits in Bucky’s relaxed hole. Tony finally decided that he was ready and gently withdrew his fingers, watching Bucky’s opening flutter.
That had been six months ago. Barton had shown up not long after. Tony suspected Romanoff had something to do with it.
Third, even if they were gayer than a glitter covered dance team at a pride parade, neither would ever be interested in Tony. The two soldiers were heroes, even off the battlefield. They had old fashioned moral compasses and possessed the courage of their convictions. They were loyal and honest and spent time volunteering at shelters, assisted living facilities and the local VA.
Apparently, he’d been dividing them since he arrived here, making them hide in their own home, all while he was falling in love with them. Tony very briefly wished he hadn’t stopped that knife last night.
Tony’s mind shorted out as Bucky closed the distance between them and pressed a kiss against his lips. His hand still on Tony’s jaw keeping them together. It was gentle and chaste and lasted for all of three seconds, but it left Tony dizzy.
Steve nodded his head. “We both admitted it to each other right after you got hurt. We love you. You make us so happy.”
Tony activated the gauntlet in his watch while feeling like he should summon the whole suit. Before he could do that, however, a voice broke the silence. A woman’s voice. “Anthony Stark.”
He lifted his head to meet Joe’s eyes as he got back to his feet. “Just you and me now, Joey. When you wake up in this alley tomorrow morning, remember it was an old queer that kicked your asses.”
God, the things he’d heard. It was like a fantasy he’d never allowed himself to have. Steve being so possessive and dominant. Bucky getting off on being used by Steve. It seemed he had a submissive side to him, something Tony wouldn’t have guessed at. It interested him though, and as he thought about it, the more sense it made.
He could feel Steve’s body shaking with laughter as he watched the blonde smile wider. “You’re not old, Tony.” His gaze turned speculative as he studied Tony’s face. “Really, it’s like you don’t even age. I’ve drawn you so many times over the past two years, and it’s like you haven’t changed at all.”
They were in a cage, a giant cage. Through the bars he could see other cages filled with more men. He saw the uniforms of other countries. British, Canadian, and Australian soldiers were also there among the Americans. A lot of them looked as if they’d been there for a while, far longer than Bucky who was just waking. His men…
Bucky nodded, “This mornin’ you said we needed to have a discussion, and Steve and me did some talking.”
“Would it help if I told you that I know your name isn’t Anthony Stark?” The man asked, and Tony’s shock couldn’t be kept from his face because what the fuck? The colonel looked unimpressed. “Do you honestly think that I didn’t run a check on you when Erskine suggested you for the project?”
Bucky began to plate the food as Steve moved to get something from the oven. It was bread, sliced and lightly toasted. Steve had probably baked it today. Steve filled the basket in the middle of the table and put the pan in the sink before returning to his seat.
Tony made his hips stop their movement and finally broke his silence. “Shit, you’re so good, sweetheart. This has to be one of the sexiest things I’ve ever seen. Both of you are incredible.”
He didn’t look at Howard’s face as he turned his head back around. He couldn’t look at him, or Tony was sure he would burst out laughing.
Previous assessment of Anthony Stark lasting one minute, thirty-four seconds was talkative and erratic. Steve, Authority Level: friend, had ordered newly named Bucky to follow him to this door where the Stark was kept. Analysis of door showed it was heavily fortified. Difficulty level of breaking it down: medium to high--not impossible. The newly named Bucky didn’t want to meet the Stark. It wanted quiet.
'Yeah,' Pete agrees as he looks for the red one with gold wheels and red flames on the side. 'This one is my favourite,' he gives it to Thor, 'it's the fastest because it's on fire.'
Jarvis gives Tony a written notification when Steve returns to the tower. He glances to his son, who's now playing a picture matching game on his tablet, and doesn't mention it.
‘Well, for a billionaire, your choices are pretty limited,’ Clint gestures at the ten discs that had managed to scrap together between them.
'You know Jarvis monitors everything, right?' Tony looks at him in amusement. 'And I perfected my coloured 3D holograms?'
‘Sir,’ Jarvis’ voice sounds from the phone, ‘Captain Rogers has a point. You were poisoned and reaching landfall in Malibu is no longer sufficient; you must reach New York. If you insist I can have the jet meet you on the helicarrier or in Hawaii.’
'I'm not going to sleep with him,' Tony tells him again. 'I know all the reasons it would be a terrible idea.'
He had been forbidden to go anywhere near where Howard worked and, if he ever dared to, he soon regretted it when he was sent away to Maria.
'Why do I have the ominous feeling that my entire life is going to be defined by a series of badly thought out decisions prompted by Starks?' mentioning Howard even vaguely is something of a risk.
'In the foyer, sir, ready to be put in the lift at my signal. I shall have an ultrasound style image placed in an envelope and attached to the basket.'
'No, sweetheart,' Tony's voice is low and firm. 'You haven't. You haven't lost anything. What we... That wasn't... No. You're still as wholesome as ever. It wasn't sex. I'm certain there are rules about being able to at least see each other for it to count as sex.'
'Last night you were quiet certain you would sleep better in this room,' Jarvis informs him. 'You cited proximity to Pete, the flow of zen and bed bugs as your reasons.'
'Nine in the morning here,' Tony dismisses. 'It's an important scientific measure; StarkTime, the time zone that I am in and therefore the time zone with the most inventive genius.'
'Tony,' Steve interrupts with a smile, 'we'll be fine. I'll make lunch and make sure he has a nap. If we need anything I'll ask Jarvis to alert you.'
'I learnt that even someone as amazing, brilliant and patient as Pepper can't handle being with a jerk like me.'
'An enchantment is placed upon the blade,' Thor adds with a knowing smile. 'It cannot be drawn if the intention of the wielder is to play.'
'I don't want to fight over our son,' Steve tells her quietly. 'I'd rather be on good terms with Tony, and be on the edge of Jim's life, than be a more prominent fixture but have Jim know that his parents are fighting.'
'There's speculation about his mother,' Pepper glances over to where Pete is digging out all his cars and ignoring them. 'And some photos have appeared which seem to show you near a hospital recently?'
Pete's still sleeping so he puts him down on the sofa as he gets back to work. Jarvis settles the armour in sentry mode and stands beside his brother.
When Pepper arrives she’s as white as a sheet. Steve told her over the phone that Tony is fine now and is just sedated so her reaction is strange.
'You're going to fully integrate Jarvis into the Mansion in the three and a half days before the Gala?' Pepper doesn't sound convinced.
'Alright,' Pepper has been tapping away the entire time. 'Anything else, Mr Stark?' she smiles at him.
'You should have just told him you were Captain America,' Tony tells him without looking up from what he's doing.
'Good afternoon, sir,' Jarvis has long given up speaking to Tony before there's proof of the genius' consciousness. 'You passed out on your desk a little over seven hours ago.'
‘This isn’t medicine. This is technology and I’m already up to speed working on it; I’m not going to stop now to explain it to anyone.’
'Nah, nothing that advanced,' Tony dismisses. 'Except maybe it is but different. I didn't expect them to remain in my body after I'd been healed and maybe they won't but honestly right now I'd like them to and maybe that'll have a bearing on this...'
'Right...' Tony replies distractedly and there's the smallest of pauses before his head snaps up, 'Right! Yes, ok.'
Dear God. One day; please just let me have one day where I do not say something stupid to Tony Stark. Amen.
'He didn't think I'd reject Jim, he thought I'd reject ...' Steve falters as the lift doors open to his floor and he sees a large item covered with a shimmering sheet waiting for him. 'You're kidding me.'
Tony seems to realise that Steve has actually walked in on him basically snuggling with three large robot arms. He rolls with it though,
'What would you do, Steve? I think you'd tip your head back; you'd expose your neck to my attentions. I bite harder and you whimper and push yourself into my hand.
'I shall prepare the workshop for your arrival, sir,' Jarvis replies as Tony gets up to wake his son.
'Not great,' he pours himself a smoothie. He offers one to Rhodey, just to see the face he pulls. Rhodey just pours himself some water. 'He left. Don't think he's talking to me right now.'
'I'm going to make you come just from this,' he tells the blonde in a low tone and adds another finger.
'Hey, I've just realised my two best fellas are serum enhanced,' Tony grins. 'Anyone less awesome than me would be jealous.'
'That's a lot of muffins,' he turns to find Steve looking baffled. 'We only just had lunch; what did you want muffins for?'
The faceplate of the suit slams down and there’s silence for a few minutes as they all stare, the it slides back up and Tony’s scowling,
'Yeah. You can't see it now, it's healed, but she broke his arm early last year and that matches pretty perfectly with when Maria broke mine.'
'I blame you for this,' Steve informs him and sits cross legged on his couch and out of the reach of Pete's car.
Pepper, Steve quickly finds, is the most organised, and least flappable, person in existence. With her in the tower he and Bruce are both somehow eating dinner with her at the table and all their laundry is done.
'I'm a ninety year old virgin,' Steve doesn't know he's repeating his words from yesterday. 'And you're... everything I could want.'
Tony has bought everything from the paints and brushes to a plastic sheet to protect the table. Steve smiles as the first thing Pete does is pull the top off of all the different colours and dip a different finger in each one. He presses each finger to the paper.
'Stark has it,' Fury repeats. 'And when do you suppose he'll hand it over?' he looks straight at Steve.
Ok. Captain America is holding his hips and breathing over his cock while perched on the edge of the sofa in his workshop.
'I'm an arsehole,' Tony informs him, 'but if all I manage is to be a better parent to him than mine were to me then he'll turn out alright. There are people in the penthouse now converting my second guest room.'
'Any chance Rhodey would let me off telling Steve about Jim on the basis I just raked open my childhood?'
‘Steve,’ Bruce interrupts, ‘I know you’re worried, but I really don’t think there’s anything SHIELD can do to help in this situation. It was Loki’s magic, after all.’
'I know you do,' Steve's heart can't take this. 'By the time you wake up your Dada should be back, ok?'
‘I was just looking around the place,’ he gestures around the living room that is the first of the four rooms in his suite; the other three being a bedroom and bathroom to the right and a study to the left.
'My mother beat me on a semi regular basis from as early as I can remember until I was sent to boarding school,' Tony reports mechanically.
Cheers for all the reviews so far! I love hearing your opinions of the story. It's all very inspiring :-)
'Thank you, Jarvis,' Pepper is flicking things around on her tablet. 'Tony, did you read the schedule for the meetings?'
‘What…?’ Steve starts to ask just as Clint shouts ‘Nooooo!’ a little melodramatically as Tony retracts the suit from his bad arm then holds onto it with his left gauntlet. There’s a truly horrible crunching sound which Steve hopes wasn’t loud enough to broadcast over the comm. as sometimes Fury likes them to listen back over this in debriefings.
'It's a fundraising event for the Maria Stark Foundation and their ongoing efforts to support children's charities in New York. I supply the venue, catering and entertainment and all the people have to do is bid high enough to get an invite.
'You do!' Tony puts down his empty glass and leans forwards to put his face in his hands. 'You thought I should tell Steve all along but didn't say so? Why?'
'We all know this is about trying to win the war. We can't do that without bullets and bandages, tanks and tents. That's where you come in,' he summons up a winning smile to emphasise his speech. 'Every bond you buy will help protect someone...'
Finally he seems to want someone with him. He demands Jarvis’ presence, and his desire for additional companionship isn’t that high, but he isn’t indifferent when Steve has to go to debriefing. Pepper arrives just in time to save Steve from having to decide to skip it.
'Not that you aren't just swell,' he offers Tony an embarrassed grin and hopes their friendship has progressed far enough for this.
They arrive at a store front with the familiar Stark logo over the door. There's a closed sign on the door and all the glass is tinted white like Tony's workshop when he doesn't want to be disturbed. Clint knocks twice and a young man opens the door and ushers them in.
'Of course, sir,' Jarvis has probably already drafted a press release. 'Will the press room on the tenth floor in half an hour be adequate?'
'Sir would be delighted to see you,' Jarvis is clearly partially quoting, 'in whatever state of dress you may find yourself.'
Steve's world is slipping out of his carefully constructed grip; he doesn't doubt his own worth, but Tony seems almost indifferent to his presence.
'Of course!' Steve may have been a little eager with that response. 'I could take him to the assault course a few floors down? It's basically a jungle gym...'
The light jolts as its owner stumbles, it sways in place for a moment before lurching back into motion.
He licks the head of Steve's cock gently, just to see him squirm, and then moves up his body to press them chest to chest.
Mostly this doesn’t bother Steve; Tony is a consultant, as he’s only too happy to remind them whenever people try to give him orders, so he can do as he pleases when the missions are over. But when Tony’s injured, especially if it’s bad, Steve really wishes he would stay at least long enough to be seen by medical.
They walk through a room containing only portraits and through another set of large double doors into what can only be a ballroom.
'Good boy,' he kisses his forehead and stands to face his fellow Avengers, 'he had better be in one piece when I get back,' he waits for their nods. 'Alright, I love you, Pete, I'll see you later.'
It’s heartbreaking to think that Tony lived through this, and that he lived it much longer than Pete had to.
'Pepper! I fucked up,' Tony barges into Pepper's suite, collapses beside her on the couch and pushes his head into her lap.
'Of course,' Thor agrees. 'My Lady would not wish to steal from you. She is what you call an astrophysicist, so maybe she could play with this one with the stars?'
‘Hey, Capsicle, miss me?’ he asks as Steve briefly presses his face between Tony’s shoulder blades and hugs him tightly.
'No,' Pete scoffs, 'I'm Captain Stark. That's better because I can be like you and Cap at the same time!'
'So it's gone midnight... I did promise Pepper that I would spend today licking Steve,' Tony gazes over at the exit.
'Then would you like me to make your dinner choices for you?' Pepper smiles with a fake looking sweetness.
‘Besides, you can type coding,’ he learnt this term the other week and hopes he’s using it correctly, ‘on your tablet downstairs.’
'Are you ok from here?' Steve sounds conflicted from where he's trailed Tony to the doorway of his bedroom.
'You want him to love you,' Rhodey snaps quietly. 'Tony, the boy is a clone but he isn't you. You don't need to repair his childhood anymore than you already are. Pete loves you; you're his Dada. He doesn't need to have another parent to be happy.'
Steve makes more of an effort to spend time with Clint and Natasha, whether that means sparring or watching their questionable choices of television entertainment. Bruce joins them occasionally and Steve tries to make sure he always knows he’s welcome when he does.
'I kiss you properly as I shift my hand to press against your head. You're grasping at me. One hand on my head now we're kissing and one on the arm I'm touching you with. I think you're leaking now. You're that close.'
'Language,' Steve appears from the dining area and sounds like he may have said that word quite a few times today.
He changes into his workout gear and stretches as he walks over to where there's a heavy bag waiting for him. His first swing is a little wild and sets the bag trying to spin on its chain. He steadies it before resetting his stance and starting again.
'Here,' Steve sits down beside him holding two plates. 'I made you a sandwich; I know the bots aren't the best at making you meals.'
The drive back to the tower is silent and Steve decides to return to his own floor rather than follow Tony around when he's clearly unnecessary.
'I just don't understand why you didn't trust me!' Steve suddenly snaps. 'Why don't you trust me? What do I have to
Steve gives him a lazy kiss and then tips his head back into the shower spray, Tony manages to gather the energy to untangle himself from the kneeling soldier and stands up.
'I speed up my hand again,' Steve copies the instructions. 'I know what I'm doing. My hand feels perfect against you.
'Great,' Tony grins. 'Remember to feed him lunch and then put him down for a nap. I'll be back in a few hours but you can always get Jarvis to interrupt me, ok?'
As they leave, and yes, Tony is leaving a party before the end and isn't massively drunk, Steve suggests they walk through the park. Tony gives him a look and calls him adorable but he agrees easily enough when the others express a desire to do so too.
'This may surprise you, but I didn't actually run into many kids in need of saving in the middle of Hydra bases,' Steve hisses at him.
'Thank you, Clint,' Steve says, for Pete, as he comes and sits beside Tony to help Pete rip off the paper.
'It seemed like a good idea at the....' Tony frets and cuts himself off. 'Oh, fuck, ok I messed up. I'll get rid of it.'
'Sir does not view his possessions as things to be kept to himself,' Jarvis replies from the dash. 'You could have borrowed one before now if you wished.'
'I missed you,' Steve tells him, 'but I got a lot of reading done and managed to order myself art supplies from the internet.'
‘Alright, it’s mostly underway now anyway. I’ll work on the coding for the next Stark Phone’s predictive search.’
‘Do you need Hulk back?’ Tony asks absently as he watches the right arm of his suit reassemble around him.
Steve just smiles. Tony gestures off to the side and they move away from the bar. They stand together and watch the crowd.
'Agreed,' Thor rolls the car towards him, 'I shall be most careful so that I am able to return it to you undamaged.'
'Sorry for the interruption but he needs to look like Doctor Anthony E Stark, expert in electrical engineering, not Tony the privileged lazy rich boy. His charm can only take him so far,' she smiles.
It's not that Tony doesn't consider telling people his plans before he enacts them, Steve realises, but rather he considers telling them, knows how long catching them up to his speed of thinking will take, and decides not to bother.
'Oh,' he blinks at her in surprise, 'ma'am, that's...' It's still not really ok. 'You're Tony's friend; I understand why you'd keep his secrets.'
'Excuse me?' Steve immediately thinks of all the underhanded methods Tony uses in sparring sessions.
‘Hey, Cap,’ Tony doesn’t look up. ‘Bit busy right now. If this is SHIELD business I’ll remind you that consulting hours are…’ he trails off as he scowls down at what he’s doing.
'I...' big brown eyes that are identical to Tony's gaze up at him. 'I like your Dada,' Steve tells him, 'I just like seeing him around.'
He can't help but think that he'd be taking this better if there had apparently been ANYBODY on his side.
At the end of the second day since the ‘incident’ Tony is fiddling with a tablet by the window. Steve and Clint talk about future strategies that will use Clint’s abilities to better effect.
'The meeting shouldn't be more than a few hours,' Tony looks to where his son is painting again. 'I'll be back soon after. He'll need food before then...'
He hears a sigh over the comm. and then the picture shifts and he can see Tony scowling faintly at the helmet as he repositions it to look at him.
‘Uncomfortable?’ Tony is walking backwards towards the lift. ‘I’m not uncomfortable. See you around, Cap.’
'Jarvis has been in SHIELD's systems for a long time,' Tony returns his gaze more permanently to the engine. 'He told me before Thor had even taken Loki back to Asgard.
‘Tony, it’s alright!’ Steve hovers nearby and doesn’t reach over again. ‘You’re in medical; you’re safe!’
He takes another step towards Steve and then another before Steve finally relents and closes the distance to pull him into a hug.
'That's good,' he rolls his shoulders as he makes his way into the building towards the kitchen. 'Where's Tony?'
‘Jarvis has brought up the blueprints,’ Tony informs him, then turns slightly to look at him. ‘You’re not scared of heights are you?’
'Jarvis,' Tony's voice is muffled where his head is under his pillow, 'please tell me Steve's on his way.'
Bruce doesn’t look convinced but he lets the conversation drop as Clint returns and the next movie starts.
Will he look like Tony or him? Brown eyes or blue? Blond or brunette? What if he doesn't have the serum? Could he be sickly, like Steve was?
'No,' Bruce agrees, 'but as far as I know you haven't actually given any of the people Natasha has suggested a chance.'
'What Tony found on the computer isn't important right now,' Steve insists. 'The point is we worked well as a team.'
'I have work to do, squirt,' he presses a kiss to his son's forehead before putting him down. 'You play, ok?'
‘I kept things from you, I nearly died, or possibly I did, and I kissed you. Those are all pretty good reasons to be angry.’
Steve makes him breakfast, even though it's well into the afternoon, and sits with him as he eats it.
'Nothing,' Tony straightens his tie. 'Have my tailor meet me when I get to my room and get someone to pick up some casual stuff in my size. And I want sushi on the plane.'
'The clone is of Stark,' Natasha adds. 'The data he has recovered is most likely the research into achieving that and their plans for raising the boy.'
He gets handed a large measure of scotch and waved to the sofa. Tony lounges across from him and gazes over the rim of his glass at Steve.
He rejected probably the only person on the planet who can still like him after dealing with him on a daily basis.
The lift starts upwards without them saying anything and Tony runs a hand through his hair. At the penthouse he's off and down the corridor towards his bedroom almost before the doors have opened all the way.
‘I don’t understand,’ Steve forces himself to stay calm, ‘you can’t be saying what I think you’re saying.’
On the screen he sees Tony read the message and then shoot a smirk at the screen. He starts typing again even as he's responding verbally to a question from someone else.
It's five days before Tony is due to have his surgery and he's dragged the current inhabitants of the tower with him to a Stark Industries meet-and-greet.
I do know that Tony is being an absolute idiot in this fic! It isn't his fault; he's a damaged soul.
There's silence for a few minutes and Tony eventually glances over to see Steve glaring at his coffee.
'And leave your son with someone?' Pepper does that thing where she's reminding him that neither of them are stupid. 'Or take him with you?'
'You need to tell him,' Rhodey jumps straight back in. 'That man adores you, Tony; you're going to break him if you don't tell him soon.'
Pepper is keeping herself distracted, or trying to, but she keep shifting her gaze towards her boss. Rhodey doesn't bother to pretend; he stands at the window and glares at the activity around his friend.
'Hey,' Steve risks gripping his friend's shoulder, 'you were a baby. What could you possibly have done to deserve that?'
The first few times Tony gives him baffled looks and keeps working on whatever he’s moved on to in the time it’s taken Steve to escape from SHIELD. After a while though he clearly comes to expect Steve to turn up and just smiles in a slightly exasperated way at the sight of his Captain.
Sure enough there's a figure with a blue chest, a smaller figure, two deformed sticks in different colours and a squiggle that runs above their heads.
'Yeah, ok,' Steve gets up. 'We can do that, can't we, buddy? We can wait quietly to the side to see your Dada?'
'Ok,' Pete agrees without lowering his voice at all. 'Why does Dada need more sleep? Does Dada need coffee?'
'You should be,' he agrees and wonders how hard he'd have to slam his own head into the coffee table to make himself stop talking.
Steve hands over the reactor readily to You and Dummy resumes working on it. He steps to Tony’s side and puts a steadying hand to his elbow,
Fury has moved on to more routine briefing topics now so Tony has settled himself into his chair and is fiddling with his tablet. Steve has opted not to waste his time scolding him, but also refuses to respond to the faint vibrations coming every few minutes from his phone.
'He didn't hit me, if that's what you're asking,' he replies. 'He ignored me for the most part; told me to keep out of his way. If he knew that Maria... what was happening, then he never let on.'
PS as per a previous comment I have edited this -verse to correct any instances of using 'arc' rather than 'arc reactor' or 'reactor'. If I missed any I'd appreciate a heads up.
'No,' Tony smirks at him. 'I can't leave Pete with anyone so he'll have to come, so you'll have to be there to look after him.'
Steve would deny that the sound that comes out of his throat at this point is a whine, but he thinks Jarvis has probably recorded it.
'Yeah,' Tony shrugs, 'I figured James was a name we'd agree on seeing as it's the name of both of our best friends, but if you want to...'
When Tony wakes up he makes his way automatically to the nearest coffee machine. He doesn't really notice that he's in his workshop until he's most of his way through a third mug of coffee. He looks around blearily.
‘Sir, I believe Captain Rogers may be in shock,’ Jarvis reports and Steve notices his hands are shaking enough that the water from his mug is sloshing over the sides.
'Pepper is going to be so mad at me,' Tony grins manically as he jogs the last few feet to hammer on Bruce's door. 'She's going to love you though. Come Brucey-boo! Time to go home!'
Steve glances back at him; the bastard probably noticed he didn't mention that of course Maria died at the same time.
'If we can get everyone else on board then this will be good for the world. Except the oil companies; they don't like me much.'
Dummy takes the elephant gently and the waves it around before balancing it, badly, on the arm of the sofa. It takes him five attempts before it stays put and Pete is giggling happily when he does.
Steve blushes and glances down to where Tony is very obviously half naked and to where his own pants have a rather unfortunate damp patch,
'Ah,' Clint had looked strange, 'I didn't mean we should actually... oh, god, please don't cry! I have them right here!'
At first he's still just confused but it morphs into shock. He then looks briefly delighted before returning to confused,
‘Alright, fair enough. Not going to happen though,’ he quirks an awkward looking smile, ‘no hard feelings.’
'Kay!' Pete beams and leaps from the bed and runs from the room with his blanket flapping behind him.
He sits inside so that he can't see the tower every time he looks up and so that he can put his back to a wall and keep looking at this picture of his son.
He also tells Steve he’s going to send Fury the bill for Tony’s time, but he’s grinning so Steve figures even if he actually does send Fury a bill at least Steve was the one to put that smile on his face.
'It was the most Captain America-y thing I could think of without breaking into song. And it made you smile so...'
'Tony!' he squeezes his partner's shoulder and breathes a sigh when Tony blinks and turns to focus on him.
Of course, in truth, he is still feeling massively lonely so two additional people who he can at least sit near and listen to their conversation is a relief.
'And a half!' Pete adds from across the room as he wiggles his way under the couch to reach one of his cars.
‘You are correct, Captain. I request you do not inform SHIELD of my presence; sir feels it best if Fury underestimates my capabilities.’
'Then we don't need to know,' Steve tells them, decisively. 'If it's Tony's business then we can respect that.'
'All the people Natasha tries to set me up with are either SHIELD agents or undercover SHIELD agents?'
'If you'd like to,' Steve agrees with a helpless smile. 'Come on, then,' he gestures to the lift. 'Let's get dinner cooking and then we can watch some TV.'
It's easier than Tony ever would have guessed to brush the teeth of a nearly unresponsive three and a half year old and then wrestle him into a diaper and pyjamas. He could go straight back to Pepper, but he lingers to watch his son sleep.
'Just an hour,' Steve presses a kiss to his hair. 'You just had a panic attack; just relax for a bit, ok?'
‘He was really angry,’ Steve ducks his head and realises his eyes are brimming. His bottom lip trembles.
'I'm afraid there's not a gym here,' the subject is changed, 'but the grounds should take you a couple of hours to run around.'
'It brings out the glow of the arc reactor,' Tony tells him pompously and then laughs as he turns to the fridge.
'Sorry,' he gasps and relaxes his fingers until he's just petting the nape of Steve's neck. 'Just move your head so I'm rubbing between your palette and your tongue.'
'Ok,' he crawls to the edge of the bed, dragging his blanket and his sword. 'And Dada will come back later?' He pushes his sword onto the floor and slips off the bed after it.
'Ugh,' Tony shrugs on a dress shirt. 'I made a document that outlines my plans but I'm not sending the full details to them ahead of time. You can have the lot though, if you want. Jarvis, forward Pepper the blueprints for the antenna array, the new formula for StarkWheat and my speech for the conference on the Avengers.'
He makes himself some toast and pours some orange juice before sitting down at the table to read the newspaper that he picked up while he was out.
'Gack!' Clint stumbles a little as he's let go but Steve immediately thumps Thor on the shoulder with a grin,
A ballroom with a ceiling that must be four storeys high, a giant sweeping double staircase that dominates the opposite wall and with a floor that, if waxed, could plainly be incredibly beautiful.
'It's an adjustment though,' Tony can feel his arguments slipping away from him. 'He can bond with Pete first and then with Jim...'
'Yeah he is,' Tony agrees and reappears by ducking under one of Hulk's arms, 'but not with us, unless he thinks you're threatening me.'
‘What’s wrong?’ Steve knows he sounds panicked, but this is the first time Tony has ever even pointed out an injury let alone decided to go to medical.
Tony is sprawled on the floor with the armour nowhere in sight. His skin is unnaturally pale and damp with sweat. Dummy is at his side pulling out the arc reactor and You is pulling over a generator with a trailing cable.
‘Fuck,’ Tony pants as he gingerly releases and shifts his arm. ‘There we go, Big Guy,’ he smiles at Hulk, ‘all better.’
‘Shouldn’t you rest…’ Steve objects as Tony sidles around him to his computer station. Butterfingers stops Steve from immediately following by pushing a mug into Steve’s hands.
‘Yeah, right,’ Tony takes a sudden step back. ‘My brain is far too valuable a resource for me to let any random SHIELD minions anywhere near it.’
Pete's room is finished now, but when Pete's eyes start to droop, while they're watching Cars, Tony still takes him back to the Master suite.
'Huh,' Tony scoops up his son and then glances around as if he's expecting to find a table. 'Right. I've not needed one. Good morning, Pete.'
'Sir,' Jarvis calls, 'three shipments have arrived for you; one of clothing, one of toys and another of refined iridium.'
'Yes,' Jarvis replies simply. 'Several of the inhabitants of the tower... may believe they have disabled monitoring functionality within their spaces; they are incorrect.'
'Dear God!' the man says some more very bad words. 'You just got straight through to... Oh, he's going to think...'
'It's Cap,' Steve smiles down at him. 'Your Dada's just telling the world how amazing he is; he'll be back soon.'
Jarvis falls in step with him as he walks to the Mansion entrance. Alfred opens the doors as they reach the top step,
Which isn't to say he was glued to Tony's side the entire night, but he may have found it difficult to look away on occasions.
'I feel I should remind you, Captain, that your StarkPhone is fully capable of taking photographs,' Jarvis replies.
Tony just shakes his head and glances around as he pants. Steve appears to be kneeling on the floor and he's managed to get himself into the soldier's lap.
'Of course you can,' may as well go with it from the beginning. 'As long as you're very careful and do everything Thor tells you.'
Steve stays with Tony as the medics swarm them; he initially went to pull away but Tony caught his wrist in a death grip (he’s still wearing the suit) so Steve stays.
‘The important things haven’t changed. Butterfingers is the youngest and even he’s… actually, honest to god, I have no idea how old he is. Dummy must be pushing twenty though,’ Tony scowls thoughtfully. ‘I don’t know. Anyway,’ he swaps the hand he’s using to pet Dummy so he can wave the other then pour himself several fingers from the decanter, ‘constants.’
'Thanks, buddy,' he walks over to the window. He swipes away the alerts that appear on the glass and rests his head against it as he stares out across the city.
'If you would be so kind as to return to the ballroom so that I might calibrate the sensors,' Jarvis requests.
'Ms Potts,' Jarvis interrupts Pepper from reading a budget request from one of the software development teams.
'Come on, baby,' he crosses the room and carefully lifts his son into his arms while trying to avoid touching Steve's thigh.
'Mister Pennyworth has a distinct advantage over me at this time,' Jarvis retorts. 'Peter is speaking to us both, however.'
'Tony, get up you're supposed to be on the plane in two hours and I know you're not packed,' Pepper breezes into the room carrying a mug of coffee and tablet. She walks straight to Tony's walk-in closet. 'Good morning, Steve.'
'Might need four,' Bruce repeats and rubs his eyes before pinching the bridge of his nose. 'Tony, I'm quite tired, can you spell this out for me?'
'Tony,' Steve speaks into his partner's shoulder, 'I am on your side, not Fury's; I would have told you.'
'Yes, that'll be fine,' Steve blurts and then blushes. 'You know that's fine. I'm going now. See you at breakfast.'
'And I do understand that it isn't your fault if you don't trust me,' Steve drops his gaze before rallying, 'I'll just have to prove to you that you can.'
'Sure thing,' Tony nods and waves vaguely to tell Jarvis to sort that out. 'We have a bit of time before it arrives,' he leers.
'Oh thank God he's ok,' he takes two steps forward before faltering to a stop as he registers Tony's expression.
'Was there something wrong with the last one I made him? That would explain why I'm working for him again so soon.'
Steve wraps his arms around Tony's waist and pulls them tight together. He does then almost shy away when he realises Tony's hard against his leg.
'It's Thursday; you've been down here three days,' Steve doesn't let go of him. 'Tony, what's wrong?'
'Peter Jarvis Stark,' Tony tells him with a grin, 'is asleep in my room. It's been quite a day for him and Jarvis told me seven thirty was a perfectly acceptable time for a three and a half year old to go to bed.'
He takes Pete to bed and immediately goes to the bar in the main room of the penthouse and pours himself a large drink,
Steve opens his eyes, finally, and gazes up with huge dilated pupils. His eyes widen as Tony immediately tips over the edge and empties himself down Steve's throat. Tony groans as Steve works to swallow around him. He gazes at the soldier as he catches his breath and sees him shudder before slumping forwards to pant against Tony's thigh.
'I cannot do anything but advise you to do just that,' Jarvis replies. 'I do not believe Captain Rogers will object to being woken.'
'I don't understand how anyone could let that happen,' Steve tries to keep his voice from cracking. 'You were barely more than a baby...'
'It'll be alright, Tones,' Rhodes tells him quietly. 'I'll take your stuff to the Mansion; see you there.'
'They had a someone beat him while claiming to be his mother?' Steve can't help the growl in his tone.
'Ah, well, there's a complication on that front,' Tony grins as they step onto the lift for the quick trip to the flight deck. 'I'll tell you on the jet, come on.'
‘He’s an AI. Artificial Intelligence. He started out life as a program but now he’s completely sentient.’
Tony swallows heavily as Steve lets go of his arm. He picks up his helmet and hesitates for a second.
'Hmm,' Tony responds. 'Yeah. I was only checking over some data I've been sent. I think I'll have this working...'
After that Clint had told Thor that Pete needed a turn at something. He had been convinced they would both be repulsored where the sun didn't shine if Pete got upset.
The boy's head tips to the side as if he's considering the question and Steve hears a sudden intake of breath from Natasha across the table.
It’s then that Steve realises that he’s determined to stay around Tony long enough to count as a constant.
'I don't...' Steve stutters to a halt and emits an embarrassing whine when Tony bites his neck. 'Please...'
'Umm, no,' Tony keeps a straight face as he disagrees, 'you're cooking because you lost a game. And do you really feel you can play the babysitter card when you just revealed my son to a pack of reporters?'
'If he sleeps with Steve without telling him about Jim then their personal and professional relationships will be irretrievable,' Pepper concludes.
'I didn't program him that way,' Tony shrugs. 'The original Jarvis was English, of course, but they never met.'
'Speaking of...' Steve mutters and fumbles to take a photo with his phone. He then gazes at it adoringly so Tony can be pretty sure his tech is proving itself.
Tony grins and gets up long enough to strip completely; he pulls off the last of Steve's clothes as well before resuming.
'Yes,' Steve knows he's blushing, 'I owe you a...' he gestures pointlessly with his hands which are still holding Tony against him.
'Everything!' he blurts. 'He's Tony... He's...' his mind spins. 'Why are you asking me about something that will never...?'
It’s him that dispels the possibility that Tony just doesn’t like being handed things technological or possibly dangerous verses the paper Pepper gave him.
So he carries lots of heavy things and meets Dummy, You and Butterfingers and hopes that Pepper doesn’t realise just how shatteringly lonely he is.
Steve is shaking his head and makes a soft aggrieved sound even as he tightens his fist around them both.
'Don't be smug. Alright, let's do this. Get the muffins on the lift,' he steps out into the main room to find Steve tidying.
'When you decide something needs to happen it certainly happens fast,' Bruce just laughs and shakes his head.
'Steve...' his actual name? It's almost unnerving, 'I am here now. This would count and I don't want you to have anything to regret...'
'If you know that,' he realises he's sitting very rigidly but can't make himself relax, 'then you know it doesn't really matter what I want.'
'That'll be all, Ms Potts,' they smiles affectionately at each other and Pepper goes so far as to press a kiss to Tony's hair before she retreats to her room.
'Ok, let's start at the beginning,' she tones down her flirting. 'Stark Industries has changed a lot over the years but with you and Ms Potts in charge it's more profitable than ever.'
The bots seem unsettled too; Jarvis doesn’t seem concerned at all, but Dummy is borderline hostile and You and Butterfingers, who Steve had been winning over, are ignoring him.
'The only being on this planet with more active surveillance is sir,' Jarvis confirms. 'I will keep him safe.'
'No,' Tony swallows. 'No, you weren't bad. You're not in trouble. Just don't go in that cabinet again, it's got lots of glass bottles in it, ok?'
'Tony is...' Bruce hesitates before visibly opting to change tack. 'Do you know how many times I have... Hulked out... since moving into the tower? When we aren't on missions, I mean.'
'You might consider using the monstrosity to your left,' Alfred gestures to a very out of place looking chrome coffee machine, 'if you desire coffee rather than tea.'
'That's slander Cap,' Tony grins and leans to the side to fire off a shot. 'I dare you to prove it in court.'
'Probably,' Tony agrees as he flicks his fingers a few times. 'Enlarge, Jarvis,' a hologram appears between them which hopefully makes more sense to Tony than it does to Steve.
'Doubt it,' Tony sits down and pours himself a glass of wine. 'She's only just got here and she always has things to do when she arrives. I'll see her later.'
'How would you feel if your positions were reversed? If you had a child that no one told you about?' Pepper scowls at him.
'I'm such a mess...' he rakes his finger through his hair and that's apparently Steve's breaking point.
'Oh, no,' he declines as he enters the kitchen. He opens the refrigerator and finds a plate of food with his name on, 'has Pepper spoken to Tony?'
'Why would I want another of my own tablets?' Tony smiles. 'It's Peter's. Turn it on, will you? Jarvis can configure it from there.'
'Tell me what to do,' Steve pulls back a little and gazes up at him. 'I'm... what you did to me before.. teach me to do that.'
'Back up, doll,' Tony calls over his shoulder to him as Hulk snarls and steps between them; his glare is now firmly on Steve.
'Just good manners,' Steve shrugs with a tiny, but noticeable smile, 'I understand why you'd be confused.'
Dinner is a more restrained affair than is usual when they all sit down together, but it's still clearly exciting enough to exhaust Pete.
It’s later when he thinks back over their interactions and realises that of course he has seen people hand things to Tony. He’ll pay closer attention in the future.
'It's alright,' Pepper tells him as he takes a gulp of his drink. 'He hasn't left; you can still work this out.'
There’s naturally some fall out from them disappearing from the helicarrier and not telling anyone what was going on.
Ten minutes of quiet, but messy, finger painting later Tony returns, dripping wet, with a towel around his waist,
'It's a fine plan, Tony,' Steve smiles at him. 'Though, of course, hopefully we'll never have to test the plan.'
In the time before Tony calls again Steve manages to have a borderline normal existance. He works out, he socialises with the other tower inhabitants and he watches some tv.
'Twelve on the floor we were on,' Jarvis tells him, 'and the hallway, the floor above and the bedrooms that we skipped last night.'
'It is most pleasing to make your acquaintance, Peter Jarvis Stark of Stark Industries,' Thor nods solemnly. 'I have bought you a mighty gift from Asgard's vaults; one befitting the heir of so generous and noble a warrior!'
He presses his finger in firmly with the lube easing the way. Steve emits a choked whine and starts panting against Tony's neck.
Tony doesn't give them much, but it seems enough to pacify Fury, for now, and more than enough to have Bruce afire with curiosity.
'Jarvis,' Tony turns back to his sandwiches, 'search for a table that matches the decor. Run it past Pepper and then get it delivered. By tonight if you can.'
“What do you have to say to all the future boys who will want to date your daughter!” A question that makes everyone laugh, lighting the mood again. Tony swears he even saw Rhody, let a smile slip.
Peter knows if he pulls any harder on his sleeve he will probably rip his jumper. But he can't help it has he slowly answers with a small stutter.
But that was not their doing the social workers chose to keep Leila hidden from them. Knowing Peter was such a quiet child. He wouldn't even think to mention his sister. And only being five not really understanding what Tony and Steve meant by taking him home would mean separating him from his sister. But Leila did she is far more mature for a girl her age.
He Looks at all the horrified faces in front of him, with a hint of amusement... Well he did just threaten all of them with their jobs.
He sighs guilty, letting his anger take over for a second and now he has scared both his babies to the bone. For the love of god! He promises himself he wouldn’t do this, wouldn’t be like his own father scaring and hurting his children for no good reason. Slowly he walks over to Peter leaning down in front of the sniffling boy.
Turns his attention back to Peter. Who is no better than before still trying to fight again Tony’s grip around his wrists to pull at his hair.
“Well both me and my husband are happy for all of the support from people, and we don’t completely hate all the attention. From the media because we are used to it.” He comments and continues.
Which, was something Tony, really wanted… He still couldn’t wrap his head around it. He was a dad now, and that terrified him more than anything else in his life.
"Well first of all. My babies are twins, they are 5 years old. So yes they are young, so of course, it's crossed my mind. That someone might be targeted them to get to us…” He pauses, to take a breath the thought of that happening, sends him into a terror like on other.
Gently rubbing his back to soothing him. He can still hear his beloved husband demanding the reasons for why peter is being treated with such disregard. He beings to slowly walk away from the screaming of the two adults.
He just looks so much more relax now wearing his old boyish grin again and eyes alive with purpose. Tony, would never admit it but he likes to be needed, wants people to care and look after. It was all good when the avengers starting up because he was the TEC guy for them. They needed it he would build it. But that whole splitting up of the team happened and even through Tony and Steve have got pass that now.
He didn’t understand why Tony hadn’t also told him he was adopting Leila to. He went on about Peter for weeks before the final day, but he never said anything about Leila. Well it was not his place to push, Tony will tell him if he wants and maybe now with Leila here in all places isn’t the best place to say. Seeing the two of them together now through, Tony looking so… so well happy. Much happier than he has seen in years probably going all the way back before he was Iron man.
Suddenly the room quieted down. Tony, realised Rhodes, was getting to the last part of his speech and was ready getting to bring Tony out. He took a deep breath, shaking off any last nerves he had, he couldn’t back out of this now! This was his idea… take the power away from the media, announce the adoption. Own it. This is for his babies… he could do this!
"Okay next question.” He quickly moves on, not wanting this particular topic to linger.“...Mmm you the blonde, in the front row," he points to a young, attractive woman. Her cheeks reddened, at suddenly being put on the spot.
It was always the same with these people, they didn’t care what Rhodes, was saying in the slightest. They just want to get any kind of intonation they can out of him. Vultures… that’s what they are. The thought of media makes Tony’s stomach turn into knots.
He just sighed heavily when he heard the other children start to laugh and play obviously enjoying. The attention from the new couple who had come to take them home to a loving family.
They can't believe what they are hearing are seeing! Peter is clearly in the midst of having a panic attack and she is yelling at him. Telling him there are better children then him! What the hell, is that about.
It hurts him to think what could be causing the boy so much pain Tony knows he should do the decent thing, by helping Peter find better parents to take him. Should hand him over to others who could do better by him.
Tony had just been so on edge after the other kids, he was so taken back by how lovely Peter seemed to be, that the first sign of something he thought was nastiness set him off. Now he had gone and made a mess out of everything. The first child he actually can’t take his eyes off and he makes him cry within minutes.
He can’t really blame them. He has given them nothing at all but the simple fact that he and Steve have adopted. Peter and Leila are five years old and twins. They don’t need to know any more than that. At the moment, not that he doesn’t think they will soon.
Steve quickly gives tony arm a little smack. "Tony" he warns looking to him. With eyes that say "don't!" But he seems to ignore his husband and continues to question Peter.
Before they had even gotten the kids home to the tower, there was photos of Tony and Steve helping Peter and Leila into the car. Luckily it was only of the back of their heads keeping, their faces out of the media.
“Then make a loop with one lace and wrap the other around. Pull the middle of the shoelace through the hole make another loop. And pull both loops nice and tightly." He finishes with a warm smile on his lips.
"I'm helping you." He calmly hums, ignoring her shoving and pushing. It's the first time his held her anyway so he's not expecting her to be overly joyed about it.
They had both been trying not to fight in front of their babies these past couple of weeks. It had been a lot harder to keep the media away from them after the day of the adoption, and it was only getting worse. People seemed to be obsessed with their lives at this moment… Steve was not taking it well at all. But Tony know what to expect from this. He had experienced it all his life but Steve and his babies hadn't, and now it was starting to take its toll on all of them.
Tony just flashes a cocky grin her way, “I totally agree with them,” He laughs. Moving onto the next person before, she can speak up again.
"We are looking to adopt...but try not getting your hopes up kid. There's a lot child here and we can't take you all..." tony eyes avoiding Peters.
“Children are not pieces of meat to pick for the best one..." Steve is also about to lose it at the Woman. Who looks taken aback by the two heroes reaction to her. Tony who is happy and proud to let his husband handle this.
"Are we not good enough for you? Or is that you don't like idea of having two dads! Gonna kid, spit it out what's the problem!" Raising his voice so loud the other children most of heard him.
"To get ice cream and bring you and papa some back okay?" He asks to Peter, still keeping his eyes locked with Steve whose eyes slowly softens giving Tony a small nod in agreement.
"No!" She fights pulling from him with little luck of actually moving anywhere. Picking up her small pink trainers he settles them down on the bed, has he sits down pulling her into his lap.
"I'm sorry baby. Daddy didn’t mean to shout … I'll take Leila out." Tony, gives Steve a look before he even starts
"One more question, Mr Stark, there has been a lot of concern about you and your husband adopting. Such young children, when your line of work isn’t the safest, aren’t you worried by having these children in your care, you and your husband are putting a target on their back?" The room goes deadly silent after that.
“yes sir,” Friday replies in her soft feminine voice filling the elevator has its beings to move, making Leila jump looking around.
Never complaining or speaking up about anything. Which some people may say is amazing to have such a well-behaved kid.  But really, it’s just more stressful. We don’t even know if she is happy or not because of it…
“well…” Tony’s looks down to Leila Rhodes catches on quickly “I wanted to get out of the house…and Leila needed to meet her uncle Rhody at some point.” Tony smiles stroking Leila’s back. Rhodes face shows his not buying it, but still he nods his head and doesn’t push any further. Tony will tell him when he is ready or maybe he won’t Rhodes is far to use to Tony on ways of doing things and knows there no point pushing him on it. Cause Tony will still do whatever he likes anyway regardless of what anyone less thinks. It is something that people love about his friend and hate him for at the same time.
Leila starts to breathe heavy, but still moves running from the living to her bedroom. "Tony! Please we are scaring them." Steve pleased Looking at a teary-eyed Peter. Tony also locks eyes with his terrified son. lips trembling clearly fighting the urge to cry.
The second was he had clearly jump to conclusions about what Peter had said. That was made very apparent after Peter had tired so desperately to explain himself and apologies to him and Steve through his sods and big wet tears.
“Now let’s keep doing that nice deep breath in then out.” Tony watches for a little while has her breathing slows to normal, her hands still shaking a little bit.
“See nothing change here.” He teases taking a sit on the sofa. His friend only rolls his eyes at him also sitting down. Eyes more on Leila then Tony.
"What's that supposed to mean!" Tony voice hard clearly annoyed. Peters eyes widened by the sudden shift in the billionaire’s attitude.
She runs to Peter giving him a big hug. Which he returns, before then getting into the elevator with Tony.
Ever other child would burst out in tears when he said that. Which hurt tony and Steve but it was the truth and it would easier on the kids then getting lying to them.
Tony crutches down beside peter to see the boy has his eyes tightly squeezed shut. Big wet tears leaking out of them. His cheeks now puffy with a hint of pinkness to them.Has he lets out a little hiccups every time he breaths in.
"Peter..." his voice now gently has he pulls at the small clenched fingers out of peters soft curly hair. He tries again
“We don’t all like to live in a tower big enough to fit your ego pal.” He teases back. Tony smirks “I have no idea what you’re on about.” He sarcastically hums.
Peter can't believe what he is seeing has captain America. Strolls towards them with a confused smile on his face.
Of course, she doesn’t trust them, in her mind Tony and Steve are the bad men who tried to take her brother away from her, her last family member. So, they know it’s going to take time and they don’t mind that. But first things first, Tony wants his own say in his family. He needs shut up all these stupid articles and news reports about his children.
“Their aunts and uncles are the Avengers! Out of every child alive. I think I can say with full confidence. That my children are very far from harm." He tries to make his voice more calming.
Has she takes a deep breath in and out. Only paying attention to the feeling of his thumb soothingly rubbing her hand, with his gently voice. When they arrive, she feels a lot better still nervous about meeting Rhones but at least not panicking. Tony smiles warmly at her has they wait outside the front door. For him to answer, after ringing the doorbell of a hundred times they hear a shout from inside.
Taking a few steps back has his nerves really start it him. Steve gives tony a worried look thinking he might have scared the young boy.
Peter can't believe his stupid luck! Smacking into on other than tony stark himself! The person he has admired for has long has he can remember. What on earth is he doing here of all places? He tries desperately think of what to say has a billion things run through his head all at once.
Even cuddle with them and talk with ease. But Leila was a different story. She is very shy and clings to Peter where ever they go. She had been there a week, with them but Tony had hardly even been able to hold her hand, let alone cuddle her, like he would do with peter.
Bruce looked at Bucky and Steve. “It could also be that your minds are now trying to protect you from receiving too much information too quickly, and that’s why you don’t remember this yet. I would need to run some scans and compare them to the ones I’d first taken when this started. You are both enhanced. Your bodies are designed to adapt and heal. It could be that your brains are trying to filter the information more slowly for you. What you’ve already told me supports this theory. Since this began, it’s become easier for you to function and carry on as normal without having to experience all of this new information. The amount of information hasn’t changed, but the way you both are receiving it has.”
Steve could see now how careful Tony had been to keep his chest covered these past three months, and he recalled the way Tony had snapped at Bucky last night when he tried to take his shirt off. Steve wondered if it was the scars that Tony hated or what they reminded him of.
He decided that he’d dance around the truth and nodded. “I spent some time overseas. I was captured by the enemy and held for three months.” They both winced at that. “I don’t usually talk about it, both because I don’t like to, and I’m not supposed to.”
“I wasn’t supposed to tell anyone, Buck,” Steve said honestly. “And I really couldn’t put that in a letter.”
He almost wanted to yell for someone to drop the needle so he could celebrate with a victory dance. Mr. Akerman had been ecstatic and had been true to his word when he handed Tony seventy-five dollars. Tony didn’t feel even a little bad as he accepted the cash because he’d just saved the man a small fortune, and they both knew it.
Steve nodded. Tony had done so much for them, and last night he could have died because he’d wanted to make Steve’s life a little easier. Because Tony knew he could fight four men and win. Steve would fight for Tony, even if it was only to fight his own feelings.
just kept running through his mind. He hated his chest. He knew what it looked like. Even Pepper hadn’t wanted to look too closely at the scars on his torso around the reactor. It was even worse after the reactor’s removal.
“Homemade eggnog,” he answered as he shook the bottle of quality bourbon he’d retrieved from its hiding place. He’d gotten it in payment for fixing a stove. “The perfect holiday nightcap.”
Clint huffed a laugh and gave him a rueful smile. “Don’t worry about it. That was a dick move on my part. I’m just happy you have perfect aim.”
But he’d said something more along the lines of, “About time, Spangles, your floors have been empty for over a year, that’s multi-million dollar wasted space. Bring the terminator to my lab once he’s house broken. Brucie and I will take a look under the hood.” He had been already moving toward the elevator, Jarvis automatically opening the doors for him. “Workshop. Jarvis, show them to their floors.”
, and Tony was struck by the title as well as the plot. A robot that was somehow accidentally created with telepathic abilities could hear the thoughts of it’s human masters. The First Law of Robotics still applied, however, so when the robot was questioned on the thoughts of the human’s coworkers, the robot felt compelled to lie to protect the feelings of the human and avoid causing them unnecessary pain that the truth would bring.
How Pepper had stuck with him throughout these years was a mystery. Tony was certain she must dye her hair that lovely shade of red because he knew he’d probably turned it gray with stress years ago. He was lucky she’d given him a chance at love, the first real taste of love he’d ever known. Even though he’d ruined things between them pretty spectacularly, he’d still always be grateful for their time together.
Tony was everything that stoked the shameful desires that Bucky tried so hard to ignore. A real man wouldn’t think those things or want those things, but Bucky always had. Hell, there were things he’d never even been able to admit to Steve because he was too ashamed.
I got to do more research for this chapter about life in the late 1930s. Did you know that coffee was one of the more expensive items in a grocery store at $0.25 a pound? Butter and oranges were about the same. The average income was around $1,300. Pilots had one of the largest salaries at $8,000 annually, while doctors ($3,300) and lawyers ($4,200) pulled in a very comfortable income. Bucky unfortunately would be at the low end of the income list. I found that steel workers made $420 annually, so as a dock worker, I'd place him at around that income.
Clint broke the silence. “I can’t believe we never knew you two were together. I mean together/together, you know?”
, Tony’s brain helpfully reminded him as he moved from his hiding spot and set off after the brunet, knowing Bucky probably needed some cheering up after this. Tony needed a little cheering up of own, too.
Tony didn’t last more than four more thrusts, his hips pushed against Bucky’s ass, he buried himself in his lover’s spasming body and let go.
Natasha’s reaction had been the least noticeable as her brow furrowed in what looked like deep concentration. Bruce’s eyes and skin had actually flashed green, but thankfully for all of them, he’d quickly regained control as his breathing slowed.
He looked straight at Steve. “To end the curse, he would have to end himself. Stark will have to take his own life.”
Shit! It would be dark soon, and he had nowhere to go. There wasn’t even a cigar store Indian around so he could steel its poncho. Tony tried to focus. It was 1939, the tail end of the Great Depression. There had to be some kind of kitchen or shelter he could go to. Then, he realized even if there was he didn’t know where it would be. He could ask someone, but the stupid prideful part of him balked at how humiliating that would be.
Bucky grabbed the Bourbon from the table where Tony had left it last night when he’d had a nightcap. “This is gonna burn,” he warned.
Bucky tried not to force the memory because he knew from experience that this never worked. It was a miracle that he’d remembered any of this at all. Yesterday this would have been an impossibility. As soon as he accepted that he might not be able to remember the rest, the memories floated to the surface of the murky waters of his mind.
Bucky chuckled, but he knew that Tony could see the blush that accompanied it. He murmured, “You sweet talkin’ me?”
Tony’s heart broke at the question because he knew Steve hated the thought of being left behind. He looked at Bucky’s face and saw the guilt in his eyes. Bucky didn’t want to leave them. Tony knew he had no aspirations of being a soldier and going to fight, but he didn’t have any choice in the matter so he was trying to be strong. This whole situation was fucked.
“It can’t be for weapons; you wouldn’t have made it very far it you didn’t have a steady dealer. Maybe you need information. What, Romanoff not bringing home the bacon? Or is Barnes just not pulling his weight anymore?”
“I don’t think it’s a theme,” Steve said, frowning down at the menu. “The description says it comes with five different types of meat but only lists three.”
The agents behind Fury scattered, heading to their respective locations like the trained hounds that they were. Hill clenched her jaw like she wanted to say more, but obediently stomped over to the van that she would be taking with Bucky and Steve to the warehouse. Steve watched her fume over to the driver’s side –
again and again, blasting as if it were an air raid siren. How many people had liked him better after the serum? How many people thought that he was worth it now, or that he was useful? It had first been addicting to Steve after Rebirth, getting stares and admiration, getting chances and opportunities to do the things he couldn’t even dream about before. It hadn’t lasted long. Each stare was a reminder that he wasn’t worth looking at before, each opportunity a notice that he wasn’t enough before. With each passing day, it became clear that people only saw him – and only wanted him – for what he was now. And that was all he’d ever be wanted for. He’d sit and stare at his reflection nightly, cursing himself that his dream had become his nightmare.
But he’d kept his promise. He came back from his first tour relatively unscathed. He even went back for a second, ending seemingly more uneventful than the first. He went and came back, each time a little more rugged than before, but he was still able to keep a smile on his face whilst at home. He kept his promise.
Happy Holidays, everyone! Wishing you and your families all the very best! Times like these always remind me how blessed I am, especially to have you guys.
The man slumped back on his heels, slumping in relief. “Thank God,” he whispered. “You gotta stop doing that, man. That’s twice in one day,” he snapped. “I’d rather die by an explosion than have to deal with Steve.”
He missed Peggy. Bucky. The Commandos. He had finally found his footing, had finally found his place in the world. And then if had been ripped away from him by HYDRA and the Red Skull. There was no place for him anymore.
as she half-listened to Tony’s rant, humming and gasping in fake surprise each time the man stopped for a breath.
I failed and let hundreds of people die including, as you seemed to have forgotten about the blood spray behind us, my other best friend!”
Just a few keyboard clicks seemed to take ages; time that he didn’t have. He could still heard shots in the distance, so Tony took that as a sign that Yinsen was still out there and still fighting. A small ding form the computer sounded and Tony knew it was working, if the flickering lights were any indication.
“Could be. Whoever it is, they’re the closest thing we have to a lead right now. You sure you’re feeling alright?”
“Now what?” Pepper’s voice turned his attention towards her, his friend cradling his current arc reactor gently in her petite hands.
“Pierce leaving this building is not an option,” she said. She eyed the agent posted in the door, watching him scroll through his phone with a bored expression, clearing uninterested with the other occupants in the room.
A light flickered somewhere above him but Tony paid it no mind. He sat there, like he had for the past few hours, picking idly at the blood caked on his hands.
Steve shouted a curse, throwing the phone in the chopped door, the tech smashing into a million pieces.
Steve’s hand shot out, curling around Tony’s hip, pushing the man right up against him. Steve pushed his face into Tony’s stomach, breaths coming harsh and fast. Clint couldn’t make out what gambled mess was coming out of Steve’s mouth, but he could see Tony visibly soften.
“Well that’s good, because I don’t have time for yours. So this is how it’s going to go. We’re gonna have a little chat, and you’re going to cooperate. Do as I say and you’ll save yourself from an oncoming and definitely fatal embarrassment. I might let us part ways and let you walk out of this alive, even give you the added bonus of minimal maiming. See? I’m nice like that too.”
There on the other side of the office, was Pepper Potts, staring down at them over the barrel of her gun.
Across the street, he caught wind of Mrs. Danowitz heading back their way, her friends trailing on either side of her. “Let’s go inside,” he said, pushing Steve towards the door. He wasn’t about to let them cause any more damage than they already had. He couldn’t help but punch at Tony’s shoulder when the man threw one last wave across the street and yelled, “Have a great day, ladies!”
If anything, this worked out better for Steve. If Tony had fallen asleep in his lab, it would be easier for Steve to slip out of the speakeasy unnoticed. He knew what he said, he knew what he promised Tony. Trying to negotiate with Fury was their only option, the only way that they could potentially come out with some semblance of a win. This situation was bigger than them. HYDRA needed to be stopped, and they couldn’t get greedy. With Pierce controlling the NYPD and Stane running guns to anyone that was remotely criminal, New York City was just steps away from becoming a war zone.
Tony knocked on the door, leaning an ear close to the wood for an answer he knew wasn’t coming. He sighed, looking back down the hallway to where his bad was, currently housing his favorite mob boss, which seemed like a way more inviting option.
he thought to himself. It wasn't as if he could carry anything more. Now, he just had to make it out of the store and back to where the cars were. Luckily, while Tony had been running throught the street to keep away from The Captain and his mutts, he tried to force them around in a loop, so Tony was only a few measly blocks away from his car. All Tony had to do was make it back without getting another bullet shot into him and he would be golden.
“You’re right, Barnes,” Tony deadpanned. “What was I thinking, doing this without a professional’s help. Do me a favor and pull up the top reactor medic in New York.”
Tony had been meeting a potential investor for a business lunch when The Captain decided to attack. In a fight or flight response, Tony had immediately darted into the crowds, hoping that The Captain wouldn’t want to fight him around innocents. But, no. The Captain was beyond pissed; he was positively murderous. The only way he could ditch the crew was through motor transport, which Tony had left back at the restaurant. And since he didn’t have time to find a car that he could steal, his car was his only option. No cab driver was going to stop for him. But therein lies a problem. The Captain had attacked when Tony was getting out of his car. Meaning that The Captain’s car was right next to his, not giving Tony much of an advantage. But seeing as running all the way back to safety was out of the question, it was a risk Tony was going to have to take.
Tony sighed in relief as Bruce burst through the door, already snapping orders at the men. He watched as both Barnes and Steve were torn away from their sopping wet clothes, towels already running over their damp skin. Wilson was laying out thick blankets while Bruce knelt over Steve, checking the man for other injuries. Tony stepped forward, wanting to help,
“JARVIS will watch over the whole place. Trust me; we’re as safe as can be. So what do ya say, Cap? Good enough for you?”
He felt Tony reach over to the side of the bed, pulling back a condom to thrust into Steve’s hand. “
“Don’t do it for me. Do it for The Captain,” snapped Tony. “He’s about ten minutes from getting his head blown off, so cut the shit and give me a location.”
could lead down two paths, but it always brought him back to the same place: trouble. Back when he was growing up, Steve Rogers got laughed at, beat up in alleys. Sometimes even ignored completely. No one wanted the scrawny street rat that was Steve. But after the SSR? Everybody wanted him. Everyone wanted Steve Rogers and all of his little secrets. Mobs all over were gunning to use him until he finally broke down.
The only thing that was out of place was a single glass resting on the bar, half filled with scotch from a bottle sitting right next to it.
He felt Steve shift forward, his blunt tip pressing against his hole. He felt the slight burn as his head went in, already feeling more full than he was with just Steve fingers. He felt Steve’s heat entering him. But not once did he look away. Inch by inch, Steve slipped further into Tony’s body. He went slowly, stopping at every gasp and hiss, allowing Tony to get used to his girth. He pushed for what felt like a lifetime, but Tony didn’t mind. All he could think about were those blue eyes, lovingly staring down at him.
Steve tightened his grip on Tony. “Don’t you ever be sorry for this. We’re a team, you and I. Don’t shut me out; let me help you.”
Steve thanked every God he knew of when the three men left the room, leaving Tony and Steve alone. As soon as the door shut, Steve opened his mouth, but stopped as he watched Tony jut a leg out and hook it around Steve’s chair, using what little strength he had left to drag himself to Steve. As soon as he was within range, he leaned forward until his head pillowed into Steve’s chest. Steve curled down immediately, needing more proof that Tony was alive under him. He felt Tony tremble from the cold as Steve placed searing kisses along the man’s neck, not caring as new tears spilled over onto his skin. Tony's damp hair had him thinking back to the river, but he refused to pull away. The only wetness he felt that had him reeling was the smearing of blood onto his skin every time the smaller man shifted.
“I’m here because I’m a genius and I hacked into the FBI database to find Clint. How the hell did you find him?”
“Why did you even save any of them?” Bruce asked. “Not that I want to have this conversation with you, but you do understand you can find that stuff on the internet?”
Steve didn’t even know Summers was still in the US. The last he heard, most of the X-Men retreated back to Europe after everything started to go south with the public. Something wasn’t right.
“I’m just saying, if I have to get called out to the field in the middle of the game, at least they could have made it difficult,” drawled Clint, collapsing on the plush couch in front of him.
Tony giggled, looking through the other items in the cooler. “And marshmallows?” he asked slowly. “Never really thought about them going with cheeseburgers, before.”
The blonde had at some point, which remains a mystery to Tony because his drug addled mind hadn’t really clamped down on a solid time yet, had passed out on the side of Tony’s bed. Even though he more or less looked like he passed out
“You know what they call us?” Tony asked, voice hollow. “The military? They have a term they use for weapon dealers. They call us
But it was the least Tony could do. Tony wasn’t a superhero. If anything, he still saw himself as the villain. This was his penance for all the blood that was on his hands. All the people that were dead because of him and his weapons.
Arms were tugging at him, but he refused to move. He screamed, but the man he wanted to answer wasn’t listening.
Steve brought a hand up, wiping at an errant tear that Tony hadn’t notice slip down his cheek. Tony sniffled, giving Steve a final once over. “Go save the world, hot shot,” he croaked, tucking the key into Steve’s breast pocket. “Dinner is at 7:00,” he added, tapping a hand over where the key sat. “So, don’t you dare be late.”
“What do you want me to do, give in?” Tony snapped, gasping as the sudden anger jarred his bruised ribs, the latest addition to the artwork his captors were trying to make out of him.
The fact that he had hurt people, probably killed people. People who had families, who had lives. All ruined because of his temper. He was a beast, a mindless killing machine. Tearing lives apart ever since that fateful lab error. Bruce carried those ghosts along with him. They would always be there, weighing him down until he died.
Steve nodded in realization, still looking at the numbers. “This is vital information about the Iron Man. He’s here, now. In this time, in this city. I’m gonna use this to find him. And I’m gonna kill him. And I’m gonna stop him from killing my wife.”
Clint Barton slammed through the door, taking the steps two at a time. His breath was shallow, but he could barely hear them over the harsh pants coming from behind him.
But if Tony only knew one thing in this world, was that he’d never see Steve again if he said yes to this man.
And that's what scared him the most. Being alive left a wide spectrum: there was a lot of wiggle room between being healthy and death. And regardless of who had taken Tony, Steve knew that they would be more than happy to explore any and every torturous scenario they could, until Tony said yes. But he never would.
Clint raced through the streets, pushing past civilians instead of trying to dodge their foot traffic. He could hear the angry retorts, but there was no time to stop and throw a punch. He flew across the last corner, flinging himself into the dark shawarma shop. Rushing to the back he almost collided with Bucky, who was walking up the speakeasy stairs.
“Tony,” Steve laughed, reaching a hand out to grab Tony’s. “I’d like to take the night off with you. Am I going to cause any problems by doing so?”
“I should go,” Steve whispered. Tony nodded numbly, feeling Steve’s hands drop away, leaving him cold.
"I could not pinpoint your exact location of meeting with The Captain because you kept traveling past the last available footage. The Captain picked his spot wisely, Sir."
Tony slammed his knee on the underside of the dash when he jumped straight off his seat. “Fuck!” he shouted, moving his hands to cup his leg, while his head snapped around to the back of the car. “You need to stop doing that; my heart literally can’t take it.”
Barnes’s nose flared, his arm snapping out to grab his gun again, having it pointed back at Tony before he could get another word in. “You think you have Cap wrapped around your little finger don’t you? But let me tell you something. You’re
The Captain stared at Tony, and for a few tense moments Tony thought he was done for. But with a flash, The Captain’s cool demeanor returned and he brought his gun down, tucking it back in the hem of his pants.
“You really thing you can make this right?” Hill continued. “You and your loop have already caused SHIELD too much trouble. There is no coming back from this.”
“So, what brings you down this way? Unless you’ve been my neighbor this whole time without me knowing, I’m pretty sure you’re not supposed to be here.”
“You’ll get a front row seat to me leading Pierce out in cuffs, but I can’t worry about dealing with three criminals at the same time. Stay put.” And with that, Fury marched out of the room, trench coat flapping behind him.
And now look what he’s done. Steve could only pray that he could make this right. He knew that Tony would forgive him, but that just sickened him further. That Tony would always be so willing to forgive him, so willing to love him, after everything he’d done. He didn’t deserve any of it.
Rhodey, apparently, wasn’t having any of it. “No, you don’t get to do that," he snapped suddenly. "You don’t get to sit there and crack jokes like nothing’s wrong. You were gone, Tony! You were
“We believe so,” Hill replied. “Pierce started a task force a few years ago to crack down on drug trafficking. We now believe that he’s using it as a cover for his dealings with HYDRA. The task force is operating out of a small warehouse just south of Midtown, covering as a small packaging company.” She handed Steve a file folder containing some pictures of the building. “What do you think?”
“You have a lot of nerve showing up here tonight.” she scolded. “What do you have to say for yourself?”
“Nothing. You’re gonna start lying to the kids, now? Fine. Not like I can stop you. You do what you what anyway.”
“And what, they just decided that there wasn’t anything worthwhile in there? I find that hard to believe. If this is Tony Stark’s house, I bet there are about five things that any villain would want from just his bathroom. Why would they pass that up?” Sam scoffed.
Ignoring the sharp pains coursing around his body, Tony forced himself to stand. He tried to make his way over to Happy, only to have a sharp tug force him back. Tony barely had time to shout his disapproval before he was thrown over a broad shoulder like a rag doll.
“Steve.” He could feel the heat of Tony’s gaze. He stole a peek at his copilot, catching the phone in Tony’s lap, open in the GPS app. “When you took over driving, we have about three hours to go. Wanna tell me why now after I’ve woken up, we’re now four hours away?”
Tony felt a tear slide down his cheek. With a final gasp, he let himself go. Rogers and Steve collapsed onto the ground, both men heaving.
Steve’s jaw clenched, sticking a hand out which Thor immediately took to help him up. He glared at the back door, no doubt to lead Steve to wherever Hammer and his men were being kept.
Steve narrowed his eyes at Tony, trying and failing miserably to not blush as Tony dragged his tongue across his bottom lip.
Natasha said nothing. “I think I just killed my best friend for some silver tonight,” he whispered, a few tears staining his face. He curled into a tight ball on the club’s bed, away from Natasha.
Steve ignored the pair, reaching forward to grab Sam’s backpack digging through it until he found his phone. He took a deep breath, typing in a number that he had memorized a long time ago.
There was no reason they should have sat on this. They knew that Tony Stark and The Captain had been working together - if they knew where The Commandos were holed up at, they could have been taken out months ago. Justin could be sitting in the Bahamas with a margarita in one hand and a hooker in the other right now. By waiting this long, they may have missed their window of taking Stark out with the rest of them. Everyone knew that Stark had managed to piss off his only ally; trying to kill both birds with one stone seemed like a pipe dream now.
The last thing Tony was able to think about was Steve and his little boy. And then there was nothing.
There, on the ground with a bullet in his head was Fury. Rumlow couldn’t believe it; Rogers had killed him.
“It’s not your company.” Tony jumped up and fired two of his own blasts, sending Obie flying. He watched the other man groan, standing back up. Tony looked down at his hands, watching the flickering orbs of the hand repulsors.
“Or,” Tony countered. “You’re just jealous that I’m a master already. All of my S’mores had a perfect golden brown to them, making them gooey perfection. Even Gordon Ramsey would cry.”
Clint burst through the observation room, sighing in relief when he saw Delmar still handcuffed to his chair on the other side of the glass. His relief was short lived, however, when he saw the state Delmar was in.
“Now that right there?” Obie replied, pointing at Tony. “That’s all Maria. And just like your father, I am powerless to say no.”
Did he feel bad? Of course. Nothing stings worse than having to go behind the back of your brother. It hurts almost as much as knowing that Steve was doing the same thing. But, of course, Bucky had to keep reminding himself that they weren’t good people. They weren’t the ones people rooted for; they definitely weren’t heroes.
“Well, last night you made me a very happy man. Last night I didn’t think I would be brought to a public mall – under false pretenses I might add – for torture of the highest degree. Nat told me you were a nightmare to shop with, but this is just unbelievable.”
“Then finish this,” snapped Yinsen, shoving the computer towards him, before running over and taking one of the fallen guards gun. “I’ll buy you some time.” And with that, Yinsen sped out of the room, shouting and shooting down the hallway.
Tony rubbed his head, still throbbing from his latest encounter with Pepper. God, that woman was insatiable. He stepped into the elevator, sighing in gratitude for finally being in solitude.
“I’m not encouraging this,” Steve answered, but he knew his excited tone gave him away. His arm pumped as he pictured Pietro rushing through the classroom.
Steve watched as he collapsed to the ground, unconscious, before hearing the familiar sound of Sam sheathing his wings back in their home.
Steve felt heat and light encompass him quickly, sending him flying back into the air. He felt his body tumble around the asphalt, until his head collided with the solid ground, knocking him out. He must have only been out momentarily, because soon Steve was waking with a gasp, fire and smoke dancing around him.
Sure Natasha was secretive, sometimes not letting on all that she knew that always made Steve want to pop a blood vessel. But she was kind, nurturing. She never asked questions when she found Steve shaking from his latest nightmare. She just smiled softly, moving to sit next him, a calming presence that grounded him.
Over the phone, The Monger managed to sound even more menacing than usual. However, his calm and controlling voice was doing Pierce no favors today.
Tony huffed, his eyes still raking over Pepper, looking for injuries. Finally satisfied, he sighed. “Alright, then. Let’s take care of this.”
The office was bare, impersonal even, and Steve couldn’t help but think back to when he first stepped into Tony’s office. Both were just covers; no real work was done here.
“No. There could be something in there that can help us find Clint. Besides,” he said, smiling back up Steve. “I got you to protect me.”
“I wasn’t supposed to,” Phil whispered, looking ashamed. “I don’t know how I managed to convince Fury that I should be here for the conference. I told him that no one would be looking out for a dead man, and it could get us a lead with Pierce, and he agreed! I knew that if you were here everyone else was and I just- I just needed to see him. One last time,” he croaked. “But I couldn’t find him, he - ”
Natasha pointed to the curb. “The catch basin. When it rains, it catches the water and brings it to the sewer. Where there’s catch basins, there’s storm sewers. Find another one of those and we’ve got another way in.”
Glancing up, the two could see Tony peering back through the window he had broken. “It’s all clear up here if you ever feel like joining the party.”
He needed to get to Happy; he needed to help. He had been standing next to the car when the blast happened.
Logically, he tried to distance himself from the whole thing, but his pesky brain kept him up with ‘what-ifs’.
Steve smiled softly down at the phone, finger tracing over Tony’s name before finally typing out a reply.
“You really don’t know anything,” he sighed, sounding unimpressed. “Just my luck. Yes, I’m HYDRA, you asshole. Someone’s gotta keep an eye on this place. How the hell do you think they get all of their info?”
He tried to walk forward but stumbled, Bucky’s arms managing to catch him. This was wrong. This wasn’t happening.
“Don’t push it, Rogers,” Tony grumbled, digging his knuckles into Steve’s side. “It’s a good thing you’ve got your looks, because that mouth is nothing but trouble.”
“Oh my God, is that the thing keeping you alive?” Pepper’s tone had Tony wincing. Right, Pepper hadn’t really been exposed to the concept of the arc reactor much. Asking for her help with this was starting to seem like a bad idea.
It was silent for a while, as the three thought. Steve’s insides were churching as his head screamed for blood. How one of Tony’s own was able to turn on him made Steve itch for his gun. It was if he was young again, discovering the rat that was walking within the walls of the SSR. He'd told them about it as well; but he could never find it and they'd all died anyway.
It wasn’t as if there were plenty of times in her life that she’d have to pick up and run, without so much of a second glance to the life she’d started to build.
“Perfect,” Tony breathed. “Now, you need to make sure that it doesn’t touch the- ” A faint buzzing was the only warning he got before his chest jumped, an electrical shock traveling throughout his chest.
Tony nodded, following the man out the back and over to one of their collective cars. “You sure about this?” Clint asked as he hopped into the driver’s seat, ignoring Tony’s protest. “We’re supposed to wait for our handlers here for them to come collect us. Something tells me they won’t be too happy when they see we’ve flown the coop.”
he reminded himself. Maybe he was just too tired to try, maybe he was so sick of saying no. Maybe he just needed to sit with someone he knew was just as broken as he was.
Part of him wanted to confide in Stane, and tell him the truth about Steve Rogers, but he knew he could never trust the man. Besides, he had no use for Rogers anymore anyway. Loki had told him where Rogers said the SSR kept their files. The Captain was just as expendable as the rest of them now.
Steve made a move to grab it, when he heard voices coming from the door. Steve ran into the bathroom just as the men returned. Peeking around the door, Steve saw Rumlow reach back down into his safe and take out more silver.
Steve bit his lip, tearing his eyes away to look down the hallway where Tony was still sleeping. Logically, he knew that the team was doing everything they possibly could help Tony, but every time he saw the brunette lying frail in that hospital bed, Steve was sent back over the deep end. “How is he doing?” Clint probed.
Normally, Tony would just say screw it. It would probably be less hassle for him to just snag another computer from his place than head back into that shit storm. But that computer had all the locations that JARVIS managed to weed out as potential HYDRA locations. And even though Tony was saying sayonara to The Commandos, there was no way that he was stepping out of the game.
He was almost there, just a few turns away, when a hand shot out, grabbing him and pulling him down another hallway.
Steve watched Pepper refill her drink for the umpteenth time, before continuing to rub at her temples. “So, you’re telling me that not only was the whole feud between you and Tony a fraud, but that he was in on it the whole time?”
As you've probably noticed, I've been hinting at both Tony and Steve's past. As the story continues, expect more about Howard's parenting style as well as Steve's first encounter with HYDRA. And of course I'll be throwing in the added bonus of how Howard connects with Steve. So be prepared.
Her hands itched for the shaving kit, just to feel the weight of it in her hands. Her uncle’s set was long gone, melted down and charred up in the remnants of their original base, along with most of her belongings. When she’d gone silent that month to look for the men who planted the bomb –
Steve was excruciatingly gentle with him when he first came back, refusing to let Tony so as much lift his own fork without a helping hand – not that Tony had minded. Surprisingly, Tony found himself actually enjoying the overabundant codling, a heady warmth spreading in his chest that he hadn’t felt since he was a child, skinny legs swaying back in forth as he excitedly blabbered about a new idea to Jarvis, in between bites of Ana’s homemade Shepard’s Pie. But if anyone asked, that feeling was due to his body regulating with the arc reactor, nothing else. Certainly not because of Steve Rogers.
Steve walked out to the factory. Another job. He stared out at the white tarp and frowned. He checked his watch again.
“Are you sure?” Tony asked, stepping closer to the quickly retreating man. “Do you know that for a fact?” Tony broke off with a laugh. “Of course you don’t. You don’t know anything; you
Coulson only responded with a shaky breath, but Tony could still see the blatant relief in his eyes.
“For a bit,” Steve continued. “Territories were divvied up within the boroughs, businesses spread even so there wouldn’t be any monopolies. Of course, asking a bunch of criminals to adhere to a new set of laws wasn’t going to end well. Agreements were broken, people were screwed over; they started stealing from each other, squabbling and killing each other in the streets.”
Steve risked a glance over at his friend and stared into his knowing eyes. Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Bucky cut him off. “I don’t want to hear it,” he quipped, dashing towards the door. “You can’t yell at me if I’m not here.” And with that he gave Steve a final smile, blew him a kiss, and headed out the door.
It was said quietly. Almost as if Tony hadn’t really meant to say it aloud, but it was more than enough for Steve to feel a familiar pang in his chest. How many mornings had Tony sat in this bed, looking out the window, waiting for Steve to come? Not knowing whether he was coming, or if he was even
“Not quite. I’d like to see the rest of your house,” she said. Tony watched as Hill entered the sitting room and sat down. Tony slowly walked and took a seat on the couch on the other side of her. Unbeknownst to them, Steve lay behind the couch, shield at the ready.
I already had my 'oh shit' moment as I was writing this, knowing I'd be leaving you with this cliffhanger. But, what else is new. I've accepted my role as Satan, and I hope you can forgive me. So, enjoy? (laughs nervously as I back away towards the closest door)
The table groaned as it tried to stop Wanda’s magic, Pietro’s feet kicking wildly against the other side. Tony was mere seconds away from calling the rest of the suit as he felt Wanda try and wriggle out of his grasp. Steve was shouting, the kids fighting, and the baby crying as their house fell apart around them.
Like when he felt the sun trickling in through his blinds in the morning. It was that first sip of tea pushed gently to him by careful hands, the soothing liquid gliding easily down his throat. It was a soft Russian lullaby, keeping his nightmares at bay. It was a pair of comforting hands on his shoulders; whispers reaching his ears, one offering guidance, the other cracking jokes. It was a laugh, so merry and contagious, that it put Santa Claus to shame. It was a constant presence to his left; a strong force to hold him up whenever he felt like crumbling. It was a soft smile and bright, crinkled eyes, white teeth flashing brightly against a computer’s glow.
“You don’t think I know that?” the other man hissed. “If The Captain hasn’t gotten a hold of our plans yet, how long before he gets them with Stark on his ally list?!”
“I didn’t want to show up emptyhanded,” Steve replied, ears turning pink. It was a less than fond memory; let it be said that none of Earth’s Mightiest Heroes are morning people.
Steve scoffed, ready to retaliate but a wounded noise had his attention shooting back to the old woman, whose day he was currently ruining. “Listen, Tony, I’ve got a client.”
Once the rough cloth was out of his mouth, the man gasped for air like he’d been drowning, his harsh breaths accompanied by pained groans. “Ple-ple-please! No more, I can’t, I-I’ll tell you anything!”
“Shhhh, sweetheart. It’s ok.” Strong arms wrapped around Tony, pulling him back up against a solid chest. “It’s alright, breathe with me.”
Steve sighed, opting for toast. He couldn’t help but smile softly down at the sliced bread. It was nice to find something familiar. If sliced bread had made it this far, so could Steve.
Obadiah gave him a long look. “Did I know about HYDRA taking out your parents? Who do you think called the hit?”
“How did you get your hand on this photo?” Tony hissed again. “The Jericho program was scrapped a few years ago. These things were too dangerous to give over to the military. There aren’t any left; I had all the models destroyed.”
Steve stroked Tony’s hair, trying to soothe him. “Well. Two things have happened. My future self definitely knows that you have to be Iron Man. Also, SHIELD knows I’m here. That means in about fifteen minutes, one or both of those things are going to be coming down your driveway. Take Hill’s car. Drive north, away from the city.”
Steve startled from his thoughts, piling in the vehicle that Bucky had already started. “Where are we going?” Steve asked as Bucky weaved effortlessly though the streets.
He’s still a soldier. He has PTSD. He has mind numbing nightmares that terrorize his mind at night. Sometimes he gets too caught up in the new century and gets overwhelmed, the futuristic time nothing but a crushing weight on his chest. And then there was that time that he thought he had lost Tony forever.
“Tony, don’t joke. If you remember, they almost did take us down last month. Did you run the names?”
Steve found himself in another club, shooting himself up with more serum. A lot of his money had gone to stacking up on his stash, making sure he would have enough for the next thirty years.
It wasn’t hard to fall in fine with The Commandos. The comradery they shared was familiar, just like what he shared with his unit while he was deployed. So, there he was, fighting yet another war.
Kiss turns into nips, nips turned into biting. Tony moaned loudly as Steve bit into the flesh on his neck. “Holy shit,” he whimpered, tilting his neck farther back, egging Steve for more. Steve complied, while bringing his hands down the slope of Tony’s back, kneading his ass harshly.
Steve smiled innocently as he watched Tony stutter over his reply, chuckling lightly as he plucked his pencil out of the brunette’s hand. Tony scowled at him, stepping in front of Steve to collapse in his desk chair, flopping his feet up on top of the desk. “In your dreams, Cap,” Tony retorted before reaching out to grab his sketch. “Now, what do we have here?”
The steady beat of the heart monitor pierced through Steve’s ears. He looked across the bed, watching as Tony Stark flipped through the channels on the small hospital TV.
Okay. So. This is that part where you hate me. You need to believe that I didn't mean for this chapter to coincide with this, it just happened this way.
Bucky huffed, grabbing his coffee mug from the kitchen table before stepping outside. He ignored the fresh wall of heat that he was met with, walking over to his garage. He yanked the door open, the aging metal groaning in protest, the familiar sight of a rundown Chevy meeting him. He wasn’t sure why he was so enamored with this hunk of junk. He wasn’t anywhere near Tony’s level of expertise, and while he enjoyed the occasional tinkering, he wasn’t sure why he ended up messing with the vehicle almost every day. It wasn’t as if anything really needed to be fixed – as least, anything he could handle on his own. He would just take things apart and put them back together, his hands itching for some level of familiarity he got when he cleaned his guns.
“England?" Pepper blinked at him. He relished in the quick face of uncertainty she pulled, memory tracing through her schedule to see what she had missed. It wasn't every day that Tony was able to pull one over on his scrupulous assistant, but it was worth it every time. "What are you talking about?”
Tony snatched his jacket up before storming out of his office and into the nearest elevator. Part of him felt bad; Obie was his mentor, basically his second father. Sometimes Tony would go as far as considering Obie his real father. Howard was nothing more than another reason for Tony to drink.
Regardless, he turned back to the obstacle in front of him, tugging the mound of sweaters tighter around his body. It seemed that since he’d come back, he just couldn’t get warm. Being kept in the sewers of New York in the back half of winter really taken a toll on him.
Tony felt his armor surround him, blasting off before it even finished locking into place. Steve would follow him in the quinjet. Tony needed to get to Stark Industries now.
But Fury had taken it away. Apparently this time was filled with even more problems than the past. So much for a bright future. Fury had assembled a team, the Avengers Initiative. Steve had met them: some master assassins, a god, and a literal rage monster. And Fury wanted him to lead it.
“I mean, is there anything even there? I hear South Carolina is all the rage. Maybe you could just come stay with me.”
“Relax. These apartments have been abandoned for years. No one’s around but us. Hence the fact that he would hear us if we just waltzed right in. Besides, I’ve seen Stark get swallowed by an alien, I think he can handle a bomb.”
“It’ll do, for now,” Tony shrugged. “I will say, Coulson, I was much looking forward to heading to Nevada. I told Steve that I would take him out on The Strip.”
“That’s the spirit,” Tony agreed, turning upon hearing Pepper walk into the lab. He could see the slight falter in her step as she glanced from Tony to Barnes. Tony knew that Pepper was distrustful of The Commandos – the redhead had a more protective streak than Rhodey – but there was no time to dwell on that now. Pepper, ever the professional, opted to ignore Barnes, and head straight for Tony.
“Because one turns into two, and then two turns into a weeklong business trip, which turns into monthly sightings.”
Steve opened his mouth so snap back when a groaning from the ceiling grabbed his attention. He barely moved out of the way before debris came crashing through to the first floor.
Steve nodded, mind happy to be presented with another task. One that would bring him closer to Tony. The crew ran down another street, away from the smoking crater. Sure enough, it wasn’t long before they found another storm sewer.
Steve remembered the first time they had gotten a donation. Clint had barged into their apartment, chest heaving as he held his laptop above his head like a trophy. Knowing that dumbass, he sprinted all the way to their building like that, touting the computer around like the Olympic torch.
“I wasted an entire morning at the mall with Mr. Indecisive over there,” Bucky grumbled. “I made him buy me that as recompence. Now, there’s at least two cashiers out there who think Captain America is a weirdo who like to pee in golf clubs.”
“What do you take us for? Of course they were, Dr. Banner,” Tony pouted. “We decided to donate some of Barton’s old VCR tapes. I think one of them was actually set in a church, if I’m not mistaken.”
He pleaded into the phone for Pepper to answer, but he never got a response. There was an occasional muffle on the other line, but nothing else. She must have dropped the phone.
Tony sat up on his elbows, looking down at Steve’s doubtful gaze. “Yeah,” Tony placated, shooting Steve a smile. “I trust you.”
He barely had a moment to digest what was happening. “What the hell are you doing here?!” Barton hissed.
,” hissed The Captain. “You did what you did to protect your own ass. Lucky for you, you get to die with the rest of us now.”
“He’s a disruptive influence,” a third voice sounded, a nerdy looking man stepping forward. “He openly mocks me in front of the class,” he hissed, large glasses almost falling off his face as he jabs a finger at Pietro.
The elevator doors opened with a small ding. Pepper stepped in, before Nick stopped her. “I’m sorry, ma’am, is Mr. Stark in today?”
“I don’t know anything that they’d be interested in.” The Commandos were still under Steve’s command. Tony was just a….
Steve lumbered out slowly, closing the door behind him before leaning back down through the window. “See you next Wednesday?”
Fury just had the gall to laugh at him. “You know, when I hired you, I remember you having a lot less snark and a little more work ethic.”
Bucky gasped, fresh air filling his lungs. He was only up for a second before bricks hailed down on top of him, forcing him back under the surface. He drew his knees up, trying to stay as small as possible, as debris rained down around him.
He had been so cold; it was as if the ice was in his veins. It was all encompassing, like Death’s stony hand had been the one to catch his fall instead of the frigid waters. He didn’t remember screaming; the shock had been too much, his reaction time freezing like the rest of his extremities. But it had been anything but quick. The cold was misleading; nothing more than a spider trapping him instantly in its web, only to play with him before finishing the job. It seeped into him; first the skin, then the bones, finally to the soul. It taunted him, laughing as it took everything from him as he lay paralyzed. There was no white light, there was no fade to black. No virgins came to take him away, no man stood waiting for him at a pearly gate. There was just the cold. Nothing but the cold.
there was the governor’s wife. The governor himself was on his knees, temple pressed against the end of Pierce’s gun.
Tony couldn’t help the laugh that escaped as he saw The Captain’s eyes widen fractionally. He might not know the everything about The Commandos, but he was still Tony Stark. The Captain was not the only dangerous man in the room. “Uh oh. I wasn’t supposed to know about them, was I? You forget Captain; your crew is not as secretive as you are. You’re not the only one with eyes everywhere.”
What stood before Steve was a monstrosity of a building. If a building is the correct term for it. It was more like a palace; a towering fortress that was all shine and flash. It fit in perfectly with this century, but brought so much more to make it stick out in the New York skyline.
Loki rolled his eyes. It sounded like a disastrous idea. One that ended with him dead. “Do all of The Commandos share your brains?”
Legal, binding contracts that had enough gusto in it to keep the board happy. Speaking of the board, how happy did Obie think they would be if they found out they were selling there overstock to the gutter rats in New York? There were too many unknown variables, too high of a chance that it would go south. Forgetting morally, it didn't even seem worth it monetarily wise. Sure, New York was littered with different mobs, but compared to the armed forces of the United States? They're no more than a bug on windshield.
The Captain nodded, looking towards the door as Barnes stepped in. “Grab everyone else and get ready to move,” snapped the blonde. Barnes simply nodded and slipped out as quickly as he left. “Alright,” he said, turning back towards Tony. “Tell me about this place.”
When he finally turned, his breath caught in his throat. Standing there was the most gorgeous man he had ever seen. His tanned skin accented his dark, charcoal hair. His eyes were chestnut, with specks of amber floating around his iris to make his eyes glint bright in the light; the way they danced curiously around, looking at Steve, pierced him brighter than the sun. He was shorter than Steve, with a smaller build, but with enough firm muscle to prove to Steve that he could hold his own. Realizing he had been staring this whole time, Steve asked eloquently, “I’m sorry, what?”
Steve stared as one of the thugs went over and picked up a hammer. The other cut Tony's bound hands, stretching one out in front.
Bucky corrected. “Loyal regulars, at that. Ones that won’t go cursing are names if we take a week off. Lots of podcasts take breaks.”
Another charge was sent through his husband’s body. This time, as Tony collapsed back down on the bed, his lifeless face fell towards Steve.
“Can I help you?” the twig thin girl asked behind the counter, her voice almost as fake as the smile she flashed them.
Rumlow sat to his left. “I can fix this, let me go back out and find him. I won’t let you down again!”
He saw his younger self he thrown from a house, his eyes meeting a man screaming as a house fell around him.
Across the lawn, Steve’s heart constricted in his throat. It wasn’t his older self that had shown up, but this was just as bad.
Schmidt rolled his eyes dramatically. “Cap, you’re always saying be true to yourself. I’ve figured out who I really am, Cap. I’m a hero, just like you!”
Tony nodded mirroring Yinsen’s with one hand, the other clutching his life support, when the door bust open, five armed men filling the empty floor. Behind them, a bald man with dead eyes and browned skin stepped in. When he saw Tony he smiled, his fingers playing idly with a ring on his hand.
“They’re coming after Tony,” Steve finished. Without a moment’s of hesitation, Steve grabbed his phone and was out the door, racing towards Stark Industries.
Tony nodded again, jerkily, as he worried his hands together. Steve couldn’t stop himself from grabbing them gently, pressing a firm peck against the slender fingers. “Everything’s going to be alright,” he placated.
Bucky both. You won’t admit it, but I know you’re terrified of something happening to me. I take one extra breath and you’re about ready to ship me off to the ER. I understand,” he continued, cupping Steve’s cheek. “Lord knows that if our situations were reversed, I’d be the same way.”
“That doesn’t sound right,” he said with a groan. “Yes, stick it in, quickly,” he added, directed at Pepper. He could feel his heart pounding, rattling against his rib cage for any form of relief. “Attach it to the base plate.”
“And he had quite the story to tell,” Tony grinned. “I find it odd, your choice of words today. Odd that you’re so quick to celebrate me falling to my knees and crawling back to you for information, when I hear that you’ve been doing the exact same thing.”
Bucky rolled his eyes, grabbing the door that Stark opened before it slammed shut. The pair of them walked down the stairs, Bucky straining to try and catch Natasha’s response in the phone.
The drive to Stark’s was agony. Bucky’s head pounded as he tried to think of his best move. He knew, of course, how bad of a person he was. How bad they all were. Steve was always their moral compass, always being the lighthouse to show them the small slivers of humanity they had left. But now? Now they were all so far off the reservation that there was no way to tell between right and wrong. Who was he kidding? There was no right anymore. There were only bad choices left now.
Tony leaned back with a deep breath, but he couldn’t help his body starting to tense. He knew, logically, what had to happen. Tony had watched more than enough porn in his life time, and had plenty of bed partners who had bottomed for him that should have gotten Tony more than comfortable with the process. He’d even tried to experiment with his own fingers on himself before, although he was never able to completely chase the pleasure that he so desired.
Bucky jolted, jerking Steve away from him. His eyes were already darting around, looking for hidden cameras, FBI agents wearing plainclothes, just waiting to take them away. “What the hell are you doing here?”
Both men jumped when they heard the voice. People had gathered watching the scene - the ones that hadn't run screaming at the first sight on the gun - drawn to it like a moth to a flame, but an older gentlemen had stepped forward courageously towards the two fighting men.
Steve was never one to let something lie – read any history book – and this certainly was no exception. “Let’s go,” Steve decided, ripping the sheets away from him and stepping out of bed. He grabbed the nearest pair of pants on the floor, tossing the other to Bucky.
Fury had mentioned in the next hour, but given that the place will be packed with reporters, this was the type of story to be breaking news, right at the top of the hour.
he’d said. Tony wholeheartedly agreed. The last thing they needed was some unwanted attention that would have people figuring out who they really were. And then it wouldn’t be long before the government came for them, ripping Tony away from the family he’d finally managed to get.
The amount of armed men that started laying siege to Tony's empire was astounding. There was no other reason for that to be happening besides HYDRA; but if the rival gang was able to pull these numbers for what seemed like milk runs, who knows what else they have in store.
Steve snorted. “Well, there’s no arguing that.” Steve stepped back, letting the man breathe before charging forward and thrusting the knife into the meat of his thigh.
But that’s also why he never told them about his hearing problem. He was on a team with gods; literally, there is a god on their squad. Clint has no right to be running around with all of these A list heroes. He was a nobody.
Of course, that didn’t mean much if Fury was planning to have Pierce on his way down to the station before that. They needed to move fast. “Is there a bathroom in here?” she asked loudly.
She hadn’t pressed. She brought him into the bathroom and shaved him. Her hands shook and the shave was uneven, but neither of them said anything. He had just dragged her closer, wrapping his whole arm around her waist, covering the spots where both hands used to sit on her hips.
“Steve, think about it,” replied Rhodes, walking over to the blonde. “That blast was huge. It happened mere minutes ago and it’s probably already covered by the news stations. Someone wants attention.”
Tony grabbed his hands, placing something into them. When Clint looked down at them, he asked, “What are they?”
Tony threw his papers on the ground. He wasn’t meant for this. He was an engineer; he was meant to use his hands. Take things apart, make them better. Tony needed physicality. He needed to feel the design under his fingers; he needed to see his progress, see his success. But Pepper wouldn’t let him get his hands on any materials until he had a suitable idea for affordable green energy.
Steve picked up the list, eyes filtering over the page. The ink might as well have been written in blood. Their blood. They could have been anyone. Officials, teachers, chefs,
With that, Wanda got up, stomping away towards her room. Pietro, seeing an opening, quickly followed, leaving Tony alone with a now dozing Peter.
Seeing the literal light at the end of the tunnel would have had Tony laughing if it not for his desert dry throat. He dragged Barnes out of the sewer, laying his as gently as he could against it. Looking back, he could see the base, what was left of it really, fully engulfed now by the orange of the fire and the red and blue of sirens, both flashing brightly in the night sky.
for that matter – Steve decided to let the conversation slide for another time. Besides, he didn’t think convincing Tony to stay in bed tonight would be difficult.
“Romanoff,” Tony sighed in relief. Bucky perked up at the name, cursing internally that he hadn’t thought to call her. But thank God Nat had gone with Steve; Bucky would trust her to keep his head on straight. “That man had better be lying dead in a ditch because there should be no other damn reason why he thought he could ignore my calls. God forbid he learn a fucking lesson and read the room; maybe going off the grid isn’t the best idea while in the middle of a mob war.”
Rogers looked back down at Steve’s arm. “That must have hurt. Gotta give it to you though, it’s pretty clever.”
Steve deflated as he was met with more silence. This was all his fault. Sure he had been irritated that he had gone to bed alone, and Tony was no doubt on edge after a long engineering binge, but there was no excuse for what he had started. Steve’s mouth had gotten him into fights even when he was just a scrappy kid trying to survive the Great Depression. And while he’d taught himself never to back down, Steve wanted nothing more than to curl up in a ball and die after what he’d said today.
It seemed that most of the hits were along the flanks. Maybe extra shielding along the sides will account for that. But how will that affect his flight capabilities? Adding any sort of weight-
Steve cursed. Natasha lofted an unimpressed eyebrow in return, clearing concluding that he had forgotten.
Steve ignored the pinky finger that Tony extended. “I wasn’t aware you still kept in touch with your other associates,” he said with a frown.
They called Sam a hero for finishing the op alone. For apprehending Khalid Khandil. Sam knew the real hero was shipped home in a pine box. After Riley died, he had too hard of a time finding a reason for him to stay over there.
I don't really have a good excuse for not posting, but these last few months have been anything but easy. I lost someone very close to me and my coping methods were not healthy.
“I’ll handle Obie,” Tony replied. “This is an SI problem. Good news, I’ll be locked in the workshop for the foreseeable future, so I’ll most likely not get kidnapped.”
“That’s what I was trying to tell you,” Tony groaned over Pepper’s apologies. “Don’t let the wire touch the sides, okay?”
“Sure, he’s transferred fake files over to a USB to present to the governor, but he still needs the originals to manipulate the city through HYDRA,” Steve added. “This info is his cash cow, so no way would be content to only use police resources. He would need a contingency plan, for this very scenario,” he continued, gesturing to the group. “Pierce would be a fool if he didn’t consider that the force may catch something that they weren’t supposed to. He’d have his own men holding down the fort, just in case it came to a firefight. More than usual if he was nowhere close, like for example, when he leaves for a meeting with government officials.”
Stark slapped his hands away, moving past Steve and to the door. “No. You wanted me to fall in line? I’ll do you one better. I’ll fall out of your way completely. Good luck with your HYDRA infestation. Make sure to send me a postcard from prison. That is, if you’re not already dead first.”
“Don’t do this,” Steve responded, reaching back for him. Tony tried to yank away but Steve was stronger, and he pulled Tony against his chest. “You know I wouldn’t do that.”
But not this time. Adrenaline started pumping through his veins. He was finally getting the answers he needed. That meant they were catching up.
"You know, my dad had a lot of sayings. Lessons, he would call them," he continued. "I didn't get a lot of time with him, hell, I didn't even get to say goodbye, but I'll always have what he taught me. One saying that I got on a regular basis was
Steve closed his eyes, feeling moisture starting to gather behind his lids. God, he didn’t even know what to say, what he
Tony flopped down on the musty couch in The Captain’s office, groaning softly as he closed in eyes. The stress of the past few days had definitely taken its toll; it felt good to finally take the weight off his feet. He heard The Captain follow him in, the small creaks against the floor and rustle of The Captain’s clothing a comfort to Tony’s ears.
“God, I love you,” he couldn’t help but whisper, pulling Tony into another embrace. Tony answered eagerly, running his hands along Steve’s shoulders in comfort, uttering a soft
But be warned; this is your calm before the storm. The next three/four chapters, the shit's going to hit the fan, so be prepared.
The walk down the stairs was slow, the strong wind wanting to topple the trio over. They slowed when they reached the glass door, barring their entrance. Steve pulled away from his anchors, limping over to the glass.
Steve nodded, watching her turn and head off with her own group. “C’mon, Steve,” Bucky prodded, pulling him to follow Campbell. “Let’s finish this.”
The Captain scanned the room, eyeing a small service entrance. "This isn't over," he hissed, already heading towards the door.
His friend seemed more than happy to comply, the pair tearing out the rear door, listening to the sounds of more police piling into the front. They hopped fences, sneaked through alleyways, and at one point, hid in a dumpster to ensure that they’d finally slipped the cops.
“Soldiers were either dead or still deployed. Everyone was too worried about their next meal or if they were going to get bombed by the Germans that no one had time to worry about problems on their own turf. Mobs ran the city: selling arms, running booze, you name it. Everyone thought the world was ending anyway, so no one bothered to stop them.”
hissed Steve, throwing another jab. Now, his punches weren’t hitting close to Bucky, the brunette not even having to step out of the way for some of them.
Which makes it your problem. If HYDRA is still out there, it could be devastating, for both you and me. Listen, I want to deal with you just as much as you want to deal with me, but I am running out of options.” The Captain’s blue eyes stared at him earnestly, basically screaming '
“Maybe now, but you won’t like it when it comes with wrinkles,” Tony replied. “With Extremis my lifespan will most likely be longer, so I can be here longer with you, and- ”
“Really?” Tony perked up like Steve had just told him the best news he had ever heard. Little did Steve know that a compliment from Captain America basically was the best thing that could have ever happened.
Seeing that the coast was clear, Natasha stood, stretching her back before walking over to the desk. She immediately deleted the notification for the new email on her phone – Mrs. Barkley was a future problem, one that required a lot more patience and a lot more alcohol. She walked over to her discarded ballet slipper and considered putting it back on. She taught every Wednesday and Saturday in the local community center, but on Saturday’s, there were a few hours gap before the next teacher came in to teach yoga. When she first started this job, Natasha stayed as long as she could, dancing in solitude, pushing per body to its limit in order to have something to focus on, something to feel.
Pierce had let something slip about a mole, hadn't he? He knew that there had been one planted in the SSR. If it had been so easy to fit someone in there, how hard would it have been to slip another one into the ranks of The Commandos? Especially since, after the fall of The SSR, The Captain was desperate to fill his ranks to help fight the war against HYDRA. He would have taken anybody; even accept a double agent by accident.
Steve sprinted over to Tony’s side, immediately finding the gaping wound in his chest. The blonde pressed down hard, frantic eyes trekking all over the husband’s injured body. He pulled an arm away to find Tony’s pulse, weak and sporadic.
The woman startled, almost dropping her bags. Tony could only imagine how ridiculous he looked. Running around in his undersuit, covered in dust and grime from the explosions. But hey, he was Tony Stark. He probably still looked better than the average man of their best day.
“It’s not that. It’s… did you know that aiding and abetting in a crime can sometimes be considered as serious of an offence as actually committing the crime?”
Steve scoffed. “There’s nothing you can give me except the satisfaction of hearing your last breath. And even then, it’ll probably be as disappointing as you are.”
Not even bothering hanging up, Steve tossed the phone aside, bringing his hand to cup Tony’s face. He could hear Peter starting to cry in the background, but Steve could barely hear him over his own distress. His heart was pounding in his ears and his body trembled as he tried to wake Tony.
The woman was pleading with her cat, Steve’s car was blaring alerts, the cops and robbers shooting fiercely. “Let go,” Steve hissed at the cat, his strength sending leaves everywhere, the cat itself digging it’s claw’s into the bark to try and keep its hold.
“Cap and I were going to take a look at more of the SSR file drops to make sure everything’s accounted for. Unless of course, you’ve overlooked our little excursion?”
But he wanted to give it to Steve. He wanted to give Steve everything. It didn’t matter if he had to cut himself down in the process. Steve was worth it.
“That settles it, then,” the engineer continued. “Come on, Barnes, let’s get this done.” He followed Stark up to Steve’s office, watching as the man carefully started to take down each of Steve’s sketches. He wanted to protest, but it was obvious he was doing it for a reason. He shifted from one foot to another, watching as Stark examined each photo carefully.
“Steve told me to kill The Suit. I got cocky; I thought I could handle it. I didn’t kill him in time. He used the remote on you. It was my fault. I thought I killed you.” Clint broke off with a groan, fresh tears spilling down his face.
Steve thought. Steve wasn’t prone to childish repayment, but both of his boyfriends were, and it just might so happen that he’ll look the other way in the near future when
Sam sighed sadly. “Come on, Steve. You can’t keep doing this to yourself, man,” he said, placing a gentle hand on his shoulder. “Nobody here blames you. Why? Because we know whose fault it was. It was HYDRA's. Did you place the bomb? Did you start the timer? No, Steve. It was them; you couldn’t have known.”
“I will,” Yinsen responded, voice barely reaching Tony’s ears. “I’m going to see them now, Stark. My family. They’re dead.”
Tony frowned, batting Steve away, just to crawl in his lap. The last thing he needed was putting more guilt on Steve’s conscious. Everything that had happened had been out of Steve’s control, but Tony knew him well enough by now to know that Steve would carry this weight to his grave.
Steve froze. “The other two names. There must have been two other kids born at the exact same time as you. All he has to do is find out which one of you will become Iron Man.”
Rogers drove up to the second address, exhausted. He barely slept; the strike team and SHIELD agents were crawling all over the city, looking for him and his younger self.
Tony smiled upon hearing Rhodey’s voice, turning slightly to see his friend slip into the seat on his right. “Can you blame me?” Tony asked flirtatiously, eyes returning to Steve’s prone form.
The man whimpered. “I don’t know anything, I swear! I can give you the email address, but I’m telling you, that’s all I know. Please, it was basically blackmail! You gotta help me.”
“You used to be a better liar,” Steve chuckled. “I remember once you decided to make us all ‘something quick’ and we ended up with homemade ratatouille.”
Bucky just smiled. “I said that you couldn’t report Tony missing. Why don’t we just ask someone else?” Steve opened his mouth to respond, but Bucky dragged him back up the stairs and through the door. “Come on; I’ve got a plan.”
Natasha had down a full background check on Stark when they moved in (the parts that she could get access to, anyway), so she knew that the company was trying to find its footing again after Stark stopped weapon manufacturing.
Steve had just pushed her worry off, easing her attention towards fickle distractions until the topic was forgotten. And it was, until Steve shipped off for the first time.
Steve cursed. “Fine. Move.” Throwing Bucky out of the way, Steve removed his floor carpet, revealing a safe. He quickly typed in his passcode, opening the vault. He helped Bucky inside, locked it back up, and replaced the rug.
It was understandable, as the group of them stared down another, consisting of Fury, Hill, and a few other FBI agents he wasn’t acquainted with.
“So it’s decided then,” Thor responded. “We bring Hammer for another talk. He is weak; it will not take long to break him.”
Clint felt his lower lip tremble, watching as Phil paled even further. “Clint,” he whispered. “Who was in there?”
It wasn’t even a few weeks ago when the story had first come out. Before, no one had even thought this could happen, hell, half of the world didn’t even know that these deaths were happening. But when it came, it was a bombshell. A whole slew of deaths, once thought to be accidental, now being linked as possible murders. An illusive killer on the loose, leaving no trail, no motive, and worst of all, no pattern.
the bed, as the mob boss had over half of his weight on the bed while still managing to sit in the chair he’d pulled up alongside Tony’s bed. His position was almost hilarious because, knowing Steve, the man had probably spent hours trying to find a position where he was as close to Tony as possible without actually touching him for fear of injury. The only point of contact was Steve’s hand, which was threaded gently through one of Tony’s, limp from sleep, but still warm and alive.
“Well,” Steve said, handing the photographs back to Hill, “it looks like this place would be enough to store the files. The location itself is great; no one would question multiple delivery boxes in that area, especially if they’re covering as a package distributer. That, and it’s pretty equidistant to most of the SSR files origin locations. This will have to be our best bet.”
“If you already know about Pierce, then why the hell haven’t you done something about him?” Tony grit out.
“I haven’t heard from Hammer since the explosion. Dumbass probably got himself killed.” Stane shot Pierce another glare. “Oh, come on,” Pierce continued. “If anything I did you a favor. Hammer wanted you out of the way just as much as Stark. Besides, I’d already gotten all the information I needed from him anyway.”
It seemed that whenever he turned, Riley was always there. Running into each other in the hallways, working the same shifts. Sam was almost convinced the other man was doing it on purpose; like he could sense Sam’s displeasure, and used it for his own fun. It wasn’t until Sam found out that Riley had made the cut to join a covert para-rescue team that he’d lost it. He’d marched right up to his new CO and given him a piece of his mind.
” she whispered under her breath. “What do you need to know?" she asked, not missing a beat. She was always Steve's model student. "Some of my valued sources picked up on a weapons cache, that’s all.”
“Here me out,” said Tony, ignoring Steve. “There’s a new drug on the Vegas strip, and the fuzz is clueless as to how to catch the distributor. Only way is from the inside, infiltrating the strip show that’s used as a front for it’s dealing. They would ask, ‘who could do such a thing?’ And Fury would say, ‘I know just the guy. There’s only one set of washboard abs for the job!’”
Steve couldn’t help the wanton moan that escaped him. “Jesus, Tony,” he ground out. He claimed Tony again in a fierce kiss, using a hand to snake into Tony’s hair, pulling tightly.
this not be home. For a large part of his life, this was all he had, but it was also all he wanted. How he’d ended up in New York, how he ended up calling New York
Despite Stark’s reasoning, Steve had no idea why Stark had come back for them. After everything that had gone down before, Stark should have left Steve and his crew to die. But he didn’t. While Steve yearned to believe that it was the shreds of humanity that still encircled Stark’s heart that brought him back to save Steve, he knew it wouldn’t be that simple. It’s the world they live in. The only way to survive out there is through connections and favors. And Stark? Stark just charged in guns a blazing, saving Steve and his men, all while apprehending one of Hammer’s men. Steve
She blinked a few times just to double check that she hadn’t already gotten to the wine and had forgotten. To be fair, it she had gotten smashed enough, she didn’t think her go to hallucination would be Tony Stark wearing a sweatshirt with a camo deer head on it.
“I’m sure by now you’ve been made aware of the lengths that we’re taken to get you home,” Phil countered. “Steve nearly burned New York down to find you.”
It felt like forever before Phil pulled away, Clint immediately locking his eyes with the other’s lips. “Jesus, Clint, what the hell happened?! Look at you; I’ll get you a doctor, you need help, you need- ”
There was no reason why they were waiting on this. They were all there for the taking! With the chance of wiping out both The Commandos and Tony Stark, there was no time to dawdle.
Tony shrugged. “Maybe I just wanted to see you out of a pantsuit. You look stunning by the way. New dress?”
Maybe it was a surprise checkup? Steve had required meetings with an Army ordered shrink once a month.
Which, of course, was absolutely ridiculous. But, the more Tony thought about it, the more worried he got. Whispers of HYDRA had already been slipping through the streets, more so ever since Tony and The Captain got involved. Although the group had not gone out of their way blatantly declare their return, almost everyone knew they were back now.
“Like anyone could tell the difference between the two. Or any of these states for that matter. Wow, another 300 miles of flat farmland? Oh, another turbine farm? More corn?
“Yes,” Steve answered, following Fury’s gaze to where Steve and Bucky housed the recording equipment, microphones and wires spilling out of the plastic tub they sat in.
Tony froze. Steve had warned him about this. Maybe he should have brought one of The Commandos with after all.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “He was here?” He turned toward Clint. “Grab some people and search the perimeter. He couldn’t have gotten far.”
Everyone in the room tensed, guns cocking all around. Steve's breath caught in his throat; Tony Stark was a loose cannon. One wrong move and the whole thing goes south.
“Commissioner Nicolas Fury. If you’re not too busy, I’m going to need you to come down to the station with me.”
Steve soon found himself back at the club, thrust back into the rear offices used by the Loopers. Rumlow knocked on Fury’s office. “
Natasha and Steve looked over to her front door that had been opened again, Tony leaning casually against the door jam.
“Phil,” Tony whispered. “This isn’t just beat cops anymore, this is the FBI we’re talking about here.”
Tony raced down the iron steps, jacket pressed firmly against his mouth as he tried to breathe through the smoke filled air. He could hear the support beams creak under the stress from the explosion, Adonis getting ready to finally give out from under the weight. Tony cursed; there wasn’t a lot of time before the whole building was coming down.
“That’s the problem, Tony. It was rehearsed. I didn’t think people would have fallen for our act, that’s all. Catching you with real surprise seemed to have worked much better.”
“Then move money from somewhere else, Pepper! I’m not dumping the team and there is no way I can back out with Fury. We’ll pull through like we always do; you just have to trust me.”
He stood up abruptly, finally grabbing the sketch from Tony’s hands. Making sure Tony was watching, Steve walked over to the far wall after grabbing a pin from his desk, and tacked Tony’s picture up along all the other art. “Because,” Steve said, turning to face Tony again. “You’re one of us now, a Commando. Like it or not, you’re stuck with us.”
He did not come all this way just to be pushed aside like some damsel in distress. He’s Tony Goddamned Stark. And the only person who can control Tony Stark was Tony Stark himself.
When answered with silence, he looked down. “Ah, shit.” A falling rod had been really lucky; it had pierced right through the arc reactor’s casing and shorted out the suit. Which meant no more FRIDAY and a whole bunch of dead weight.
Clint watched Natasha leave to find Rhodes, and Steve place a lasting kiss to Tony’s lips before the genius followed out the door as well.
"Oh, it doesn't hurt? Well in that case- " Tony reeled back and landed a right hook straight over the wound. The Captain went crashing to the ground.
Before Tony could grunt out a complaint, a bag was thrown over his head and hands were grabbing his arms, dragging him out of the room. From the sounds of a scuffle behind him, Tony could assume that they were dragging Yinsen along for the ride as well.
Barton froze, eyes doing a quick once over on his body before dragging him inside, leading him to the edge of the bed. After Tony was settled, Barton went back to close the door and flick on the overhead light. Tony tried, and most likely failed, to ignore the current state of the disarrayed room.
Steve’s mind went into overdrive. Blood. Tony’s blood. Tony’s blood all over the suit. Tony was bleeding. Tony was hurt.
There was no flash, no shine. In fact, there wasn’t a single shade of gray at all. Steve was meant with pale blues and soft tans. There was plush furniture adorning the living room that almost looked mismatched, but extremely comfortable.
He wasn’t sure why he did this, checking the bed each morning. Tony had been at his safe house for almost a month – Steve hadn’t shown any of the previous days, there was no reason as to why he’d be in bed today.
Steve felt Bucky’s firm hand grip the collar of his shirt, dragging Steve away from his current path to his office and to the stairs, leading him down.
It was supposed to be a simple mission. A standard PJ rescue op, something they’d run thousands of times before. Go in, secure the target, go home.
But it had been over two weeks, and Tony was nowhere closer to finding any more about Rumlow or HYDRA. While Tony had first admired the challenge, he was now about two seconds from ripping his hair out. Tony could tell The Captain was just as anxious. Their meetings at the hospital were getting more and more repetitive, the two of them just trying to fool each other into thinking they still had the upper hand against HYDRA. And now Obie was breathing down his neck. Perfect.
Tony bit his lip, feeling a small flush form against his cheeks. It felt wonderful on his frigid skin. He definitely wasn't planning for this type of reunion of The Commandos, if any type at all, but any scenario that he predicted in his head never ended up being welcomed back with open arms.
the man was almost as terrifying as Romanoff. Which, of course, shouldn’t have been a surprise considering how Tony already knew how dangerous Barnes was. But he was always a terror, The Captain’s right hand man.
Steve nodded before heading back to his office door. He opened it and leaned out, hollering a loud “Barton!” into the other room. Clint quickly entered, gun still ready.
Maybe it was because Steve never tried to fix them, never tried to pretend that the problems weren’t there. Steve was never like that. He just accepted it. He showed them that it was okay to be broken; that they could be broken together. Sure there were still lies and secrets, but Bucky knew they were for different reasons now. No one was looking out for their own back; it was always to keep the others safe, always to protect them.
Barton scratched at his head before finally coming to a halt. “It’s really bad. Like really, really bad.”
“Well. You found him. And then you lost him again.” Fury glared his one eye down at a nervous Rumlow.
Tony looked back up at the door. Whoever was out there, wasn’t Steve. Taking a deep breath, Tony flung the door open.
On the screen, clips cycled through of people in black, flowers and candles lining the grass, and a weeping mother. Text scrolled across the bottom of the video.
Steve had been whispering that to himself for months. Just a little more time and he’d find Tony. Just a little more time and he’d be whole again. Just a little more time and everything would feel right again.
“For the number of stupid decisions that you’ve made recently, excuse me if I don’t listen to you,” Tony snapped.
“Don’t,” Clint hissed. He was currently curled up in his bed, the only thing visible was a greasy head of hair that hadn’t been washed in a few days. Bucky could only count his blessings that Clint was facing the other way; Bucky knew that he wouldn’t be able to survive another look from that broken face.
Sam shook his head. “Relax, Steve. He probably just went out for a walk. He’s got a lot on his mind right now.”
“We gettin’ any guns?” Bucky asked, nodding over to where Hill’s team were loading their own weapons.
“This is why they never came back,” Natasha concurred, hand over her mouth in shock. “Why we never heard back from any of them. It looks like they’ve been down here for months.”
The Commandos had their own methods. Clint never found out if Phil talked to them about it, but Clint likes to imagine that the team was doing it just for him, not because they were told too. Steve always threw a warm shoulder over him after a training session, Nat made sure to always keep the refrigerator stocked with strawberry milk just because he said he liked it once. Bucky always came and sat with him for hours after a mission went wrong.
But then anger, that raging fire that had been building up inside, almost cost him his life. He’d been careless, glossing over the mission and his equipment check over, his head stewing with Riley’s latest escapade. It wasn’t until after he jumped that he realized the problem.
Tony stared down at them until realization hit. “Oh, of course. I’ll bring these back for Steve, and- ”
Tony shook his head. “Whatever. This is just another thing to deal with. The Ten Rings, HYDRA, and now the FBI. I’m sure we’ll figure something out, we always do. I’m sure somebody knows somebody whose neighbor’s brother in law works with someone who knows someone in the FBI,” he blubbered, pacing around the room. “We’ll find someone. It can’t be that hard.”
“What you need is to get out of my way before I stop playing nice and expose you to everyone in this room.”
Tony himself started searching around his office again, when FRIDAY stopped him. “Sir, there’s a problem.”
Steve’s mouth descended onto his wildly, his body sandwiching Tony against the hard surface. Tony tried to keep up, but Steve was frantic, movements jerky and uncoordinated, as if he wasn’t sure where he wanted to be touching Tony most. His mouth dominated Tony’s, each kiss leaving him dizzier than the last. Steve’s breath was warm as it landed on Tony’s skin, his hands gentle but firm, roaming over the length of Tony’s body. It wasn’t long before Tony was able to zone in on another pillar of warmth, radiating against Tony’s hip.
So of course Rumlow would use it when he got caught. What he didn’t know, however, that he had been given an updated version. Made by The Monger.
Bucky turned to face Tony, the man giving him a careful look. Bucky sighed, rolling his eyes slightly as he gathered Tony into his arms as well. He could feel the man stiffen slightly before going completely lax. Bucky snorted. “Take care of him, alright?”
got The Captain moving faster. "Oh, and Captain?" He spun around to face Tony again. "Happy Hogan was innocent and a good man; he's worth at least ten of your Commandos on their best day. If he dies today because of you, I won't hesitate to return the favor." From the look on The Captain's face, Tony knew he understood.
Steve’s vision dragged in and out of focus, black dots dancing in front of his eyes. He could feel himself take shuddering breaths, but couldn’t hear them over the ringing in his ears. He squeezed his eyes shut as tears started to form from the plumes of smoke around him.
Steve broke off when strong arms swooped him into a huge hug. “There it is,” he heard Bucky whisper, but Steve could barely hear it over his gasps and shudders.
Tony himself could even see the proud gaze The Captain gave all of his men. “Alright then, moment’s over. But, before anyone- ”
Looking back, he could see agents scrambling around, trying to catch them, but they were no match for Barton’s speed.
“Well the guy had a busy morning. Three bombs before lunch probably works up a huge appetite,” quipped Tony.
It wasn’t long before Steve found himself getting strapped into the chopper, Sam starting the short flight to New York. It was quiet in the cabin, Steve staring blankly out the window while his head churned like an impending storm.
It was in New Mexico, both Asgard and Stark Industries both one of the many companies that attended a large expo. Tony was still at MIT, his young gawky body still trying to fill out, but his mind already carrying as much arrogance and venom as his father, who he attended the expo with. It was the first time he had ever met Thor, the already huge teen bulking besides his own father, screaming with pride and foolishness.
Tony hissed, the metal burning into his hands. They were shaking as he peeled them off, the man having to lean against the wall for support, using every bit of strength to yank the gauntlets and the wires out. Maybe it was just him, but the reactor seemed to be dimmer, its power draining. Not that Tony could fire off another shot before permanently ruining his hands. Besides, he didn’t think he could hold his hands up anymore.
Water poured down his throat, Steve’s eyes snapping wide open. He sputtered yanking himself away, and it was too cold, too cold,
“Yes, but he wasn’t the real problem. The Mandarin was created to be a smoke screen, a distraction to cover up the continued distribution of a biological weapon.”
He had had his suspicions, but the confirmation was all he needed. They were all alive. Alone, but alive.
That day had changed everything. Tony had planned to confront what was left of the SSR. It wasn't until he got close that he found out the rest of the them were dead.
“Alright,” Hill said, finally regrouping with the other two. “I’ve got in contact with some techs. They’re on their way over to see if they can get the power back on. If anyone can give us the answers we need, it’s JARVIS.”
Pepper shot him an unimpressed gaze. “And why can’t you go to the business meeting for your own company?”
“Oh, um. Right. Let’s get this show on the road.” Tony gave a quick smirk before heading back to the elevators, his new superhero team in tow.
Tony tilted his head up to look at him, his teeth digging into his bottom lip to keep from smiling. His eyes sparkled in the daylight, the ambers and golds twinkling with mischief and happiness.
“You literally got in an argument with an artist and learned to blow glass just to piss him off!” grinned Steve. “You are such a determined, stubborn ass, but you’re
Tony raised an eyebrow, shooting Obie his most unimpressed stare. “And that something more is dealing under the table with Manhattan mobs?”
“You gonna tell us about your little fieldtrip this morning?” Bucky drawled, kicking his feet up on the table. Tony and Steve had been gone for hours, sitting and debating with Fury about how they could all get a semblance of what they wanted. Unfortunately for all of the men involved, none of them were good at compromising. They’d settled on an arrangement in the end, but even now, Tony wasn’t completely on board. He and Steve were, surprisingly, able to get Fury to agree to their major concerns, but there were still a bunch of red flags that were looming in his head. The idea didn’t sit well with him at all, but it was what they had to agree to if they wanted their family to make it to the other side. By the way Steve had sat silent the entire trip home, Tony could only assume he was following the same trail of thought.
He checked his watch before changing his route to enter Central Park looking for a familiar face. It wasn’t too long before he found himself in front of a park bench.
Around him, the rest of his crew had their guns trained on the smirking brunette, but it didn't seem to faze Stark in the least. He simply picked at an invisible spec on his perfectly tailored suit, sighing quietly to himself, like he hadn't a single care in the world. Or that he clearly wasn't threatened even while being surrounded by the entirely of Brooklyn's largest mob.
Tony whirled around to face him. “Yeah, that’s still me. What’s with the face? Do I have something in my teeth? You know, I just ate with Bruce and he said I was good, but that man is
Pepper sighed, placing her hands in her lap like a teacher would after holding back one of her kids after class. “Are you sure you’re not sending me to a meeting that’s a complete and utter waste of my time?” she asked, a perfectly manicured eyebrow raised that indicated that she already knew the answer.
Barton pulled the car to a stop. “Nothing, I just thought you’d be more interesting. Always a foot soldier, I guess.”
“Will you relax? You know he doesn’t answer his phone when he’s on patrol.” Natasha walked over to Clint, trying to cease the man’s pacing.
Clint looked back at the ground, as the other two men followed Natasha to the quinjet. Clint had thought that Steve and Tony would have given him the hardest time for him being missing, but he had totally forgot about Natasha. Nat was his longest friend; he never kept anything from her. But the fact that he had managed to dodge her for a month probably did not sit well with Nat. This was an ultimate betrayal. Clint would have to grovel for about two months for Nat to probably look at him again.
Tony was out of his seat before the man had finished talking, stepping between him and his son. “Who the hell are you and why should I care?” he snapped.
Steve shot an apologetic look. “Look, any other day I’d chase them down myself, but I really gotta go. Don’t worry! I’ll catch them eventually!”
See, Tony may have liked Thor at one point, with his huge smile and innocent foreign thing he had going on. But it was just politics, your typical Shakespeare scenario. Their parents hated each other so it only made sense that Romeo and Tybalt wouldn’t get along. And yes, of course Tony was Romeo in this situation.
Steve blinked, pain coursing through his body as he struggled awake the second time today. Around him, the building was in shambles. His body felt like one entire bruise, his brain starting to panic when he couldn't get himself to move. That was until he looked down and found himself still tied to the chair, now sprawled across the ground.
Steve grabbed Phil’s shoulder. “It’s funny. I heard the exact same thing from Clint last week. You know he keeps a police scanner running upstairs all the time just in case? He’s just as worried about you, Phil.”
“Clear,” he replied, his eyes seeing nothing out of the ordinary. Bucky filed in next to him, the rest of the team hot on his heels.
Meeting Bruce Banner, like most other members of his crew, had been by complete chance. Bruce had been a teacher at a university, a brilliant man with a bright future. He had a sweetheart, Betty, the two of them diving into new research for their field of science. From what Bruce had ever shared with the crew, Betty’s father, General Ross, had never approved of him. Unfortunately for him, it was a two way street; Bruce always knew the military father was a bad egg. Digging into confidential files, Bruce found out way to much about a dangerous military program. Bruce, in spite of his calm disposition, blew up in front of Ross publicly, effectively ending the man’s illegal planning and military career. However, Bruce’s anger, along with the added bonus of hit squad from Ross, cost him his job, Betty, and the life he once knew. Lucky for Bruce, he had a few tricks up his sleeves.
“Protection. However, his word might not be enough anymore. Your boss is getting in way over his head, if you ask me.”
Tony never got a way to contact them. For all the blonde knew, Tony and Barnes were supposed to be back at base.
This couldn’t happen again. They had already broken so much. One more crack in the foundation and they’d be done for. The Commandos would fall.
“Absolutely not,” Sam negated. “I like my junk where it is, thank you very much. I don’t need Stark sending a homemade Terminator on my ass.”
“Military probably. Whenever I went dealt with the army in the Middle East, most of my weapon shipments were to operations like this,” replied Tony, leaning over Steve’s shoulder.
“You have no one to blame but yourself,” Steve responded. “No one’s forcing you to buy that crap, let alone buy it at every single station we stop at.”
Steve felt a comforting hand on his shoulder. Thor. Steve didn’t dare meet his eyes. “Where?” Steve whispered, shuddering at the sound of his voice.
“Not even close,” Barnes chuckled as he raised his gun higher. “You know, I almost feel sorry I gotta do this. Almost.”
he hissed, breaking off in a yowl as Steve heard a thud under the table, no doubt Bucky retaliating like the mature adult that he was.
“How can I? The explosion was a bust; The Commandos lived to see another day. That’s not even getting started on the fact that my two business partners went behind my back.”
Steve opened his eyes long enough to see the red that dripped down onto the charred ground below him. Taking a shaking and already cut up hand, Steve dragged it across his head only for it to come back more bloody. Trying to move his aching body was futile as well; the jarring movement shot pain coursing through his body, almost causing him to lose consciousness again. Steve looked around, but saw nothing but endless walls of fire and smoke, threatening to close in around him.
Steve spun around to be faced with a familiar red head. “Agent Romanoff.” She gave her usual cool smile, before ushering Steve inside.
“Uhh, I can be late in my own tower if I want to, Agent,” he replied with a wink. The man was dripping with wit, and no doubt charm.
"Did. You. Spill." When The Captain didn't answer, Tony fumed. "You did, didn't you? Why, you piece of
Bucky reached out and grabbed his arm. “I’m sorry, did you just miss what I just said? My friends I were planning to coerce you into coming back to work with us.”
Steve froze. Instinctively, he wanted to turn around, but knew that any single movement could lead to his death. He couldn’t help the flinch that he gave when he felt the butt of the gun against his back. Steve closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
And Steve did. He threw together the shadiest looking team that could have possibly ever existed. A team that was so different, but one in the same. A family. A bunch of toy soldiers in an old shoe box, all from the same mold.
“I don’t care; it’s too risky. Until we have a better handle on our current situation, we need to lay low. That means,” Steve continued, looking at Dugan, “no more bar fights. No more flirting with government officials or disasters like in Budapest,” he said, flicking an eye from Sam, to Clint and Nat. “And that definitely means no drunken displays at Coney Island.”
Tony ignored him. He held his repulsor up high, a faint whine sounding as it charged. “Now!” he yelled. There was a split second before he saw a flash of bright light, Clint’s beam heading straight towards him. But it never hit, Tony’s own beam meeting in the middle.
Sam shot him a fierce smile. “From what I know from the news, Tony Stark’s a hard man to kill. He can still be out there, Steve!”
Pierce could feel the wood groaning under his hand as it tightened on the arm of his own chair. “You gunned down an officer of the NYPD.”
“Well, he’s been staring at the glass the whole time. He knows you’re in here. Just flip on the lights and leave the room. Make him uncomfortable again in the environment. He won’t know where you are; he won’t be able to have the control he thinks he has.”
“So,” Natasha continued, leaning back further in her seat. “Is Tony Stark really that good in bed? I’ve heard some stunning reviews.”
Pierce’s voice was hard, cold even. Of course, that was to be expected considering he just found out that one of his partners was going to stab him in the back.
Tony squinted, the engineer’s mind no doubt whirling, trying to piece the events together. “Wha-where?”
When he woke, the sun was still out, silently mocking Tony at the slow passing of time. He shifted, ready to close his eyes again, but was painfully interrupted by his bladder. He sighed in discomfort, but dutifully tore the sheets away to make his way back to the bathroom. This time after washing his hands, Tony did allow himself to look in the mirror. There wasn’t much to look at, honestly. There was another painful twist in his gut, but Tony wasn’t sure if it was for disgust or from hunger.
he thought to himself. Steve gave Tony a small, private smile before turning back to the newcomers. “Friend,” he agreed, with a nod of his head.
Tony stomped away towards his car, before The Captain pulled him back again. “I already told you, they’re not in Brooklyn.
Like D.C., it wasn’t long before he got noticed, but Sam didn’t care anymore. Didn’t care as he was followed into an alley, didn’t care when the four men jumped him. Didn’t care as they bruised his face and cracked his ribs. Only thing he did end up caring about was what happened right after.
No, Tony could not lose Steve. He would do anything to keep him safe. Like flirting with the general public.
“It wasn’t easy,” Steve said, ignoring Tony’s remarks. “But, I think we managed to get the best offer we could. I told Fury about the files and Tony’s promised to supply any information he collects from SI on Stane. In return, the FBI will use our intel to take them both down. Fury confirmed that it should be more than enough.”
“God, let’s hope not.” Stark checked the clock on the wall. “I’d give it about a half hour before you can take off, just to be safe. Catch some shut eye,” he said kindly, walking towards the door.
“I’m sorry, you what?” Steve gaped. The four of them were gathered at the kitchen table, Phil having ushered them there for coffee and leftover coffee cake. And to talk about the three of them that were absolutely not supposed to be there.
“Hey, rise and shine sleeping beauty!” With that, he thrust a small buzzer into Steve’s hands. “Here. You said we needed a way to communicate. Press the button and it’ll light up.”
“You better choose your next words carefully, Rogers,” Tony snarled, slapping at where the blonde was holding him.
Bucky frowned. Stark was never the one to initiate their meetings. It was usually just Bucky showing up, desperately trying to bring the other man back with him. If Stark was the one reaching out to him, it probably wasn’t good.
