“Neither am I,” Castiel smiled and then said so quietly it was barely more than a whisper, “I’d like that. For there to be an us.”
“No. Either you tell me everything—you trust me—right now or you get out of my apartment. If you can’t trust me then I don’t ever want to see you again.”
Oh fuck, he thought, is Cas actually about to blow—any coherent thought went flying out of his head the second the other man managed to successfully remove his pants. The minute they were off, he was back, breathing hotly over Dean’s erection.
“I, Cas, I,” Dean stuttered as his thighs clamped down on Castiel’s head. “I l-love—fuck, Cas, gonna come!” He moaned, eyes rolling back in his head as Castiel took him faster, deeper.
Dean let out a squeal of surprise that turned into a moan half way out of his mouth as the sudden movement had forced Castiel’s tongue further inside his body. He gave Dean a minute to adjust to the new position before using his hands to guide the man’s hips first in slow circles and then rocking back and forth on his face. The motion gave Dean a bit of control, letting his movements determine the length and depth of Castiel’s licks.
“Wait!” Dean called, breathless already. Castiel considered him curiously, startled by the urgent tone of his voice. His expression could only be described as demure: head bowed in submission, eyelashes fluttering slightly, cheeks a delicate pink. “I’m yours, you know, ” he murmured, cupping Castiel’s jaw. “I meant it—what I said last night.”
“Um,” Castiel’s gazed flicked to Charlie who winked, returning to her book with a smirk. “Uh, well… nothing?”
“Do you like your reward, gorgeous?” He breathed, aching to touch his own cock but forcing himself to be patient. He almost laughed, all good things require patience, he hummed to himself.
The peculiar expression deepened before he darted his eyes toward the floor. “See ya’, Cas.” He sighed, ducking out the front door.
He sighed. Balthazar had shattered the illusion of normalcy but the lingering memory of Castiel’s kisses kept him from being too upset. Regardless of what they were doing together, it was just business and Dean could live with just business.
Dean nodded, leaning back into Castiel’s hand. “Get on your knees, then. Ass up, face down. Now.” Cas growled, using his grip on Dean’s hair to push him to the ground. He wanted to yelp with the pain but bit his lip instead, not wanting to disappoint Cas any further.
“I refuse to believe that a guy who spends like seventy percent of his time surrounded by other half naked guys in itty bitty bathing suits is completely heterosexual.” She tossed a few pairs of shorts at him, “Besides, where’s the harm in flaunting it Cas? If he doesn’t bite, you’ll just look good for some other poolside hottie.”
“This doesn’t mean you’re allowed to control my actions. You’re body is still mine, and I will do what pleases me. Do you understand?”
He sat up so that he was straddling the man just below his cock and leaned forward to kiss a trail down Dean’s chest, hands rubbing gentle circles as they followed his mouth lower. Castiel reached across the bed for the lotion, using it to slick up his fingers and then wrap his hand around Dean’s pink, swollen cock. The pace he set was slow, too slow to make the other man come but just enough pressure and speed to bring him to the edge.
“I, me too, Cas,” Dean stammers. It is all he can choke out, nothing like Cas' eloquent speech, but it gets the message across, and when Cas pulls him close Dean finds himself hoping for a kiss.
Sam is silent. What else is there to say? They'll keep fighting, they have no other choice. For Dean. To honor his memory.
Castiel was overcome with the desire to punish the other man, making him regret this unwarranted sadness. So he spread his legs wide, pulling his cock out and stroking himself back to full hardness. Dean looked confused, surprised, opening and closing his mouth a few times. “Get on your knees and suck me.” He growled out so harshly that Dean looked almost scared. Serves him right, he thought even as a part of him felt guilty and miserable for being the cause of fear.
“Yes,” he gasped as Cas pressed their bodies together, trapping his erection between them. Dean rocked forward, grinding the hard line of his cock against the other man’s torso. “Make me yours, p-p-please! Want to be your good boy again!” Dean shouted as Cas sucked a bruise onto his neck, aligning their hips before thrusting in time with his tongue.
Anna looked nervous and sad again, like she was going to start crying before Gabriel stepped in to save her, “My sister works at a club down town. I was walking her home when—when,”
It wasn’t until noon that shit actually hit the fan. Nearly the entire department was huddled around the kitchen drinking coffee and gossiping idly when the phone at Dean’s desk started to ring. Reluctantly, he wandered back to answer and nearly dropped scalding hot coffee all over himself when a familiar deep voice rumbled through the line. “Hello, Dean.”
A hand came down hard, the pain sending a confusing mix of pain and pleasure through his body. He was getting harder, panting when Cas brought his hand down a second time. The third and fourth made him cry out but the pain was quickly soothed by a series of uncharacteristically gentle kisses pressed into the swollen skin.
The next day proved to be infinitely more frustrating than any other day in his entire life. Given that he wasn’t needed until the following day, Castiel was forced to stay sequestered away inside Dean’s apartment while everyone else played their part. Sure, he was able to coordinate their movements, check in to ensure everything was going according to plan, but as the day dragged on he found himself getting more and more antsy.
“You’re sorry I find this upsetting? What the hell are you, some kind of emotionless robot? ‘Course I find this upsetting! You freakin’ lied to me Cas, right to my face again and again. You made me think you cared about me, that I actually meant something to you.”
“I trust Dean,” Anna added, “And I trust Castiel. Without Dean’s help we don’t have a plan, so I think it’s worth the risk.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m astonishing. You can stop fawning all over me now, Cassie.” They chuckled warmly for a minute, before slipping out of the car and onto the quiet street. “Now,” Balthazar grinned, “give your pet a coat and let’s get this over with.”
Once Dean was a panting, writhing mess, cock dripping all over the floor, Cas crooked his fingers and began rubbing mercilessly against Dean’s prostate. Dean shrieked, a sharp sound that quickly turned into an animalistic kind of moan. As Cas continued to fuck his ass, he felt hot puffs of hair against his hole. Before he had time to register what that meant, Cas’ tongue was licking the loose rim in time with the rhythm of his fingers.
Dean pulled his eyes away from the road to scowl at his friend. “Benny, why do you assume it’s a him?”
Gabriel snorted but Castiel only glared at him. “Michael is under the impression that the colt was taken by his brother, Lucifer. As for why I’d like to cause Michael’s suspicion of his brother, it’s simple.” He paused, looking at Dean sternly. “I want to see them burn.”
The pleasure was intense, a bone deep kind of gratification that went beyond mere sexual stimulation. There was something about being able to feel Dean’s body moving underneath him: the sensuous shift of his muscles as he tried to get off, the weight of his erection, the slight tremor of his thighs.
“The kind of man,” Castiel stopped, trying to calm the infuriating tremor in his voice. He took a deep breath. “The kind of man who deserves to lie in your bed, in your arms.” He closed his eyes and thought, the kind of man who deserves to love you.
“Dean,” the gruff voice brooked no argument and he felt his mouth snapping shut in response. On the other line Castiel sighed deeply, clearly exhausted.
From the corner of his eye, he could see Dean swallow anxiously. “Come, we mustn’t keep the Count waiting.” Castiel teased, slipping their hands together for a moment to give the man a reassuring squeeze.
“Hello Dean.” His voice was even rougher than normal and it made Dean feel as hot as it made him scared.
The next thing Dean knew, Cas was holding his waist steady and laving his tongue across the exposed rim of muscle. He gasped and thrust backwards, trying to force himself onto Castiel’s face. It had been so long since they’d done this and the feeling of his own fingers had done nothing to alleviate the need he’d felt. This was perfect, incredible. The slick feeling of a tongue lapping at his hole was one of the best sensations he’d ever felt. Better now without the bars of a cell to get in the way, now that Dean could feel Cas’ from the base of his tongue to the tip. Now that he could feel the other man suck on the tight pucker, gently nip at the skin.
Feeling bold again, Dean started bobbing his head up and down, impaling his mouth on Cas’s erection. It wasn’t graceful, it was frantic and clumsy but it was working. Beads of precum leaked out from the slit of his cockhead and Dean lapped them up greedily.
The old factory district was a spooky enough setting and as they pulled up Dean felt his chest tighten. There were already a series of squad cars surrounding the munitions building and a few ambulances idling near by, but nothing explicitly terrible.
Because that was one thing Dean knew for sure. He wasn't making any shitty deals anymore. He was either getting Cas back forever or leaving it be. He wasn't leaving Cas or Sam in the situation of having him with a ticking clock over his head. They were free and free they would stay. He wasn't exchanging his life for Cas' either, leaving Cas as miserable as Dean was now.
Jack hadn't brought Cas back, not this time. Sacrificing himself had been Cas' choice, twice over. Making the deal for Jack, letting it come due for Dean.
“The prayer wasn't everything I wanted to say. In Purgatory. There wasn't enough time for the rest, you interrupted me, and then we had to save Sammy and I never got up the courage again. But you gotta listen now. I tried to tell you before, to show you, and maybe you know and were just trying to spare me the heartbreak but well, if we're both dead in two minutes anyways what's the point?”
Dean feels Cas' hand on his shoulder, right where the handprint had once been. The other hand is around Dean's waist. They have seconds left, and Cas keeps glancing at the Empty.
“Everyone died. Then we fixed it. Chuck's nothing to worry about anymore. Empty's empty again, all the angels are back in Heaven, fixing things up.”
If Dean hadn't been so fucking stupid he wouldn't have gone after Billie. He should've recognized it was Chuck, not her. If she hadn't been reminded of him she would've left them be. Cas wouldn't have had to use the Empty to stop her.
When he woke back up on the floor of the Bunker, there were tears in his eyes and also hope in his heart. Cas knew Dean loved him. Cas would be working from the other side, trying to come back.
The righteous man dies with a smile on his lips, saving the angel who had raised him from perdition, blue eyes, dark hair and a deep voice filling his mind.
And that’s when he saw him, a dark shadow leaning against the wall looking out the window. The man’s back was to Dean but even in the dark he could tell exactly who it was. His heart was in his throat, mind repeating this is it, this is it over and over as he realized that he was about to die.
“You look desperate,” Castiel’s voice dripped with exaggerated concern. “Maybe you want to amend our little deal? Forgo getting information, feel my mouth on you instead? Licking your cock and swallowing all your come?”
“Wait, Alastair!” Dean interrupted with such an excitement the whole room looked surprised. “You gutted his men and left him barely alive.”
Um, there will definitely be one more chapter and there might be another after that...I can't help myself.
“Couldn’t help myself, Cassie,” the man—Balthazar—shrugged, a perverse grin uncurling on his face, “had to sneak a peak at your little pet.” Eyes raked over Dean’s bare chest, making him flush and pull the covers up. The man chuckled, “And my, my, my! You’ve been holding out on us! Does he blush like a virgin on command?”
Charlie snorted. “Cas, do you know how many time he’s used that line? Basically every girl at school had a private ‘lesson’ from Dean—if you know what I mean.” She waggled her eyebrows as he continued staring in horror.
Castiel parked around back in the small alley outside the club before pushing his way inside. The main room was small, dark, smoky, and filled with a number of comfortable chairs. There was a large bar and a small stage for the girls to dance. Thankfully the place was empty, most of the girls probably sleeping or off working their day jobs.
He gently removed her hand from his body, taking a step back before regarding her sternly. “I need to know when Alastair will be arriving and who has business with him.”
Dean immediately collapsed, all thoughts of what the other man had said gone from his mind. Cas didn’t waste any time cuddling—walking straight to the bathroom to wash himself off. It was a bit surprising when he came back with a warm cloth for Dean and bit less surprising when he tossed it in his face with a grunted, “Clean yourself up.”
There was a long moment of silence before Cas finally spoke again. “I need you to get something for me.”
“No one is gouging anything. He can be trusted, I give you my word and anyway the more friends we have in the police department the better.”
Dean’s eyes widened, a shadow of worry flitting across his face before it melted into something curiously fond. When, Castiel wondered, had they become so tender with one another? Perhaps in the face of impending doom they’d just let the walls crumble, found comfort in a shared vulnerability—
Before long he was panting and hot all over, his whole body trembling as he rocked faster and faster, chasing that feeling, that feeling like, like—his vision went dark, a raw guttural sound ripped its way through him as he came in his pants. Cas used his leg to massage Dean’s dick, milking his orgasm for all it was worth, while Dean desperately tried to hold back a sob.
“With all due respect, sir. If it isn’t our brother, then it is someone intent on disguising their defection as his actions. They mean to confuse you, to sow the seeds of mistrust among your ranks and Lucifer’s. They wish to prey on your weakness—family—and use it to ensure your madness.”
He was about to speak when Balthazar clapped him on the back. “Afraid you’re out of luck, love. Cassie’s got himself a new play thing.”
The kiss was soft and tender—the slide of their tongues more comforting than the purposeful kisses he was used to. This was something that made him want to melt into Dean rather than tear off his clothing. As the kiss deepened, he felt like he could get lost in it forever, get lost in the feeling of Dean wrapped around him, the smell of leather and gun powder, the addictive taste of his mouth.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck before reaching over to grab a pen from the glove compartment. “Just gonna give you my number.” He winked, scribbling his phone number onto Castiel’s palm.
“Calm down, Sammy! I’m friggin coming.” He mumbled loud enough that his brother stopped pounding his Sasquatch fists against the door. Dean unlocked it, glaring pointedly at his brother. “You’re gonna break the door down, bitch.”
The thought of Dean waking up alone and confused hurt. It was unfair, he knew, but the alternative was too hard. There was Michael to meet and a plan to push forward; he didn’t have the luxury to risk waking the other man up to say goodbye. He was already fighting against every fiber of his being not to run back, to slip inside that welcoming bed and burrow against that wonderful man. If he tried to say goodbye, he’d be too tempted to just give everything up and stay there forever.
With the discussion concluded, the plan was set in motion: tomorrow the police department would realize that their chief had gone missing, a brief examination of Rober—Bobby’s home would reveal a struggle and Dean would make a statement to the press through Garth claiming they presumed the man dead. At the same time, Anna and Gabriel would be rushed to hospital where Jess would use her influence to ensure they were pronounced death and sent to the morgue where Balthazar would help them escape later that evening.
“Lucifer.” Michael breathed, shaky and terrified, thrusting a copy of the local paper across his desk.
Sam rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly and Castiel had to bite back a smile, realizing that he must have learned that gesture from his older brother. The door creaked open a little wider as the younger Winchester stepped aside to let them through.
Their eyes met and Cas smirked around his cock, pretty plush lips stretched so obscenely wide. Then the hand on his nipple started sliding up further until his fingers were pressing against his lips in a silent command. Obediently, Dean opened his mouth and sucked the fingers him, moaning around them at the same time that Cas moaned around his cock. He sucked the man’s fingers until they were good and wet and then Cas pulled them out with a wet pop, dragging them across Dean’s chest.
A minute or so past before the man started fucking back onto his own hand, whining teach time the finger caught on the rim of his hole.
“Balthazar!” Castiel shouted, scandalized as his friend dissolved into laughter. Dean grunted from the back, shifting restlessly in his sleep.
“Yeah, well. I say a lot of stupid shit. That’s why I need you around, keep me in line.” At that Castiel smiled, it was small and genuine and one of the first times he’d ever seen the other man smile without smirking.
“Want you to kneel on the floor in front of the mirror.” Cas growled into his open, swollen mouth, kissing him desperately before sitting up enough to let Dean move.
. Years of his life all culminating to this, the moment he finally put an end to one of the biggest gun-rackets this side of the Mississippi. The year was 1947 and detective Dean Winchester was dropping the ball on the biggest case Lawrence, Kansas had ever seen. He closed his eyes and scrubbed a hand over his face, trying to collect himself.
He turned around in the mirror admiring the way they looked on his body, the image only making his dick strain harder, a spot of precome darkening the front. Dean wanted to touch himself more than anything, to jerk off just like this and come right in his underwear. But there wasn’t any time and he didn’t want to rush it. Instead, he took another breath and slipped his pants on, ignoring the way his entire body seemed to protest and the jolt of arousal when the zip pressed tight against him.
Gabriel sighed, rolling his eyes in exaggerated exasperation. “Yeah, yeah. You can relax, Cassie. While you were screwing the pooch upstairs, we all decided that your pup could have a myriad of uses,” Gabriel smirked.
"I'm glad you stayed." Dean whispered into the small space between them, eyes open but looking down.
Dean couldn’t wait to get back to the bedroom and reap his reward. He wanted to lick and suck his way up and down Cas’ body, wanted to hear the man come apart because of his mouth. The kettle screeched and he nearly spilled the hot water all over himself in his rush to fill the mug, and then nearly spilt it again as he practically ran back to Cas.
There was just something about doing this that made him feel good. It wasn’t sexual; he was getting absolutely no gratification from this other than the knowledge that these actions brought pleasure to Dean. After a while he set the foot he was working on down and switched to the other, applying a generous amount of pressure and pulling even more beautiful sounds out of Dean.
“I was afraid you’d been taken too—it’s been so long since we last spoke.” Michael said weakly, pounding back another glass of whiskey.
“Get some sleep boy. That’s an order.” Dean faked another smile and reluctantly left the station and headed home. It was pushing midnight now, so he hoped that meant the apartment would be empty or at the very least that any unwanted guests would be asleep. He needed time to figure things out and right now he was more afraid of Castiel than anything, leery of the man’s strength, his temper.
It took a second to mentally calm himself down and muster the courage to lean forward and press their lips together. It was a big chance—either Cas would be disgusted by his forwardness or turned on by it. His lips were soft and warm and surprisingly they opened almost immediately, allowing Dean to lick into his mouth. The fingers around his wrist tightened briefly but other than that, the man didn’t do anything else. He just kept them both steady while Dean’s tongue-fucked him.
Before Dean could formulate any kind of response there was a loud knock on the door that had his hips juddering to a stop, heart in his throat.
“Leave Dean alone.” Castiel snapped, voice a freakin’ scary ass mix of pissed off and threatening that left absolutely zero room for debate. “Dean, I,” he faltered, concern clouding his eyes, everything about him instantly softer. If this kept up, he was gonna get whiplash. It was hard enough keeping up with Cas’ moods without experiencing this kind of back and forth. “Apologies,” he said, running a hand through Dean’s hair, “I—we have business.”
“Would Robert really be comfortable with helping criminals perpetrate crimes? Won’t that simply cause him to doubt both you and your brother. Sam, I would like nothing more than to have Robert’s help but I think it’s too great a risk.” Castiel said firmly with an edge of finality that silenced the entire group.
His eyes moved to Cas, and he could see that the other man was just as turned on—eyes black, cheeks a pretty pink, and those big full lips parted and shining. He could feel Castiel’s breath panting against him, could hear the quiet groans he was making under his breath.
“Yup. Babechester himself is gonna be parading around town in virtually nothing all summer!” She practically sang, smiling impishly.
“For leaving in the middle of the night,” he pressed a kiss to one cheek, “for Balthazar,” then the other, “and for scaring you.” He found his way back to Dean’s lips and kissed him deeply, carding nimble fingers through his hair.
Slick fingers spread the detective open easily, knowing he couldn’t afford to take his time with this—they were both too much on edge, too much in need. The third finger slipped inside as easily as the first two, Dean’s hole welcoming the intrusion with an eagerness that pulled a groan from Castiel’s lips.
As if on cue, the sound of Cher drifted out around him. He glared at the name written in neat handwriting on the door:
It struck him then that he couldn’t remember how he’d ever felt content living in a world without Dean. Or, for that matter, how he’d ever be able to go back to that world.
As if on queue, his cock started leaking, and he flushed with embarrassment. Cas was right—he was desperate, always been desperate for the man’s touches, his attention.
“Dean, I—” He cut himself off with a desperate sort of sound, head sinking back into the couch. All he could do was watch, hanging on as Dean rode him hard and fast.
They sat in silence for a while; then Dean’s hands were on him, running up and down his arms, chin resting on his shoulder. “Talk to me, Cas.” He whispered pleadingly.
“That’s what you want? For me to just take?” Cas growled quietly, wrapping his hand around Dean’s wrist. The look on his face was that same terrifying wrath-of-heaven look Dean had seen him give Balthazar and having the full force of it turned on him made his knees buckle. “I don’t like indecisiveness. Do not say things you don’t mean.”
“Good.” Castiel practically snapped and then slowly, so incredibly painstakingly slowly, he set down the picture frame and turned toward the door. His breath caught in his throat. Dean looked gorgeous; absolutely perfect standing there in his sharp suit looking worried and eager at the same time. There was tiredness there too, and something about how worn and stiff the man looked stirred something in him. He was overcome with a desire to be tender that seemed to possess him, propelling his body across the room in a few long strides until they were standing face to face.
He stood for a few minutes just listening, craning to hear even the slightest noise from inside. When he finally knocked, the sound seemed to rattle around inside like it was echoing along the empty halls.
“But,” Gabriel interrupted, taking a swig of whiskey, “we still gotta figure out how we’re gonna convince Bobwhatshisface to pretend to die. Not to mention the whole issue of faking our deaths convincingly enough to fool big tall and holy.”
. He was all big blue eyes and lean muscles, with a jawline that could chip a tooth and a voice so rough and deep it made you want to fall to your knees. Probably another reason they called him an angel.
“Surprise!” Balthazar shouted dryly, throwing an arm around Dean’s shoulders. “Detective hottie is our newest compatriot! Dean, come meet the gang.”
“Yes, Dean?” The sleepy rumble of Castiel’s voice filled him with warmth. This was his, he was allowed to want this, allowed to worry and ask questions.
The last thing he remembered before falling asleep was Dean’s deep voice whispering against his hair, “I love you, Cas.”
“About how big his biceps have gotten?” She teased. If it were physically possible to get any redder, that would have done it. Sure, Dean may have been tagged in a few new pictures but there was definitely an article somewhere on that page, too.
The tight twine of their hands was grounding, a reminder of their mutual affection. He wanted to laugh every time Dean squeezed their fingers, amazed by the absurdity of the gesture. When he’d told him to touch, he’d imagined nails raking across his scalp or clawing at his back and shoulders. Not a thumb gently stroking his knuckles or the warm sweaty weight of their clasped hands pressing together.
Cas looked up at her, dried tears on his cheeks. "Yes, Mrs. Winchester. I've been with him his whole life- more than the other angels." He felt Dean rest his chin on top of his head.
"I have watched over you your whole life, Dean," Castiel started. "I have watched you be brought into the land of the living, I have witnessed your first steps, I guided you along without you knowing I was there."
"There are extents to an angel's powers. However, when it is time for one to go, we must not break the vow we make when we are assigned our charge."
There came a groan from the bleached bed to his left. He sat up straight in the chair next to the bed, his full attention now only on the young adult who was previously lying still, sleeping off what could have been a great life. Castiel stilled his hands from the little orange dragon he was crocheting, taking a deep breath at the same time the man did.
"Ah, just knocked on your door. Neither you nor Dean-o answered. I walked in and still didn't see anyone but your handicapped cat. Which, she is doing fine, don't worry. I just gave her some catnip and said 'adios'. I went back to the entryway, on my way out to check that nice, French restaurant downtown near you, because the first place I checked was your store-
Castiel stood up straight, his hobby falling to the floor and vanishing with a flick of grace. "No! That is totally okay, Dean! But I must warn you that you will never be able to see your own body, it is a precaution my Father has made to make the afterlife easier. The second thing is that the mourning process for humans is an ugly one. They won't be able to see you, here you- nothing. But we can witness all that is going on. If you would like to not be here or see anything else, say the word and we're gone, okay?"
Dean stiffly nodded and pushed himself up and off the bed. "I'm ready," he murmured while glancing at the door.
"'I'm sorry for your loss' seems like you might have heard it too much today, or since last Tuesday. I know what I'm about to say may come as a shock to all of you-" Dean scoffed at that. Cas tilted his head, waiting for him to say what he was thinking.
There was a flash in the middle of the room, Cas' older brother appearing out of nowhere with a big smile on his face, then it fell.
Cas held up his hands in a pleading gesture. "I warned you this morning that when we came here, it would be hard on both of us. My powers need to do what I want to do. It's hard."
"I guess I should just spit it out, then. It's going to hit your hard anyway." He looked out the window overlooking the sunrise on the horizon of the city. He gestured to the screen monitor for Dean's previous health concerns- which was frozen on a flatline.
"I am twenty-three. Guardian angels are always a few years older than the human we are assigned." He sighed. "Before we go on any longer, I must inform you that this may be tough for you- it is for me. I have watched over you your whole life, not being able to interact with my soulmate until death is an awful experience."
Cas knew just visiting his charge's family was already breaking code. What's one more? Cas slowly eased more grace into the room and into Dean, Dean himself becoming more and more a part of Cas, more corporeal. It started with the words. Oh dear, that's when it started to get worse.
By the time he was fully solid, Sam tipped his head in question at Dean. As if Dean knew that everyone could now see him, he stepped back, running his back into the wall instead of going through it.
Mary opened it, a solemn face with almost no expression, but her sadness seeped into the air around them. She wore a knee-length, black-laced dress with frills on the end. Dean gave a soft smile at her when he saw her. She frowned a bit. "I, uh... I don't think we've met before?"
And yes, he knew that was going to be one of the first questions. It had been asked so many times with the others.
Dean stood, taking all of this in with tear-glistened eyes. Castiel walked over to him to gather him into his arms, his hand gliding over his short, soft hairs. He felt Dean begin to shake.
Mary stared back aghast. "Actually, yes. Although, I really don't know what you're getting at, seeing as my daughter-
"Shortly after your mother left, you went into a shock and stopped breathing. It was in your sleep."
Castiel shook his head again. "I am afraid not. I would like to tell you more if you would like. This plane is frozen for only us two. Take however long you would like to understand the extent of what has happened." Dean sank against the bed's pillows.
! What the fuck was that?! Mom, Dad, our house is haunted! Aaahhh!" He sat up and ran to the other side of the room. John's eyes were wide open, a look of 'are you hearing this, too?' on his face while looking at Mary, who had a twin expression.
The door opened and in walked Mary Winchester. "Hey, baby, I'm ba-" Her face froze, her eyes settling on the monitor. "
. When you die, you automatically are in full health. A good example is how I watched you go from deathly, bed-ridden sick to dancing around the kitchen while almost burning our food."
Mary stood up, a firm but soft look on her face as she approached the three of them. "Did... did you know how Dean felt the whole time?"
"Hey, guys," Dean spoke softly. "Cas and be are gonna pop, okay? It was good to see y'all, by the way. I'll call you when I can." He turned to Cas. "Okay, Cas. We'll go check on her, alright?" Cas nodded, using his grace to grasp hand-in-hand to Dean's, and they took off, flying back to Heaven.
All the while, Dean started to blow on Sam's head, his hair starting to move a bit.  "Guys, is it a little cold in here or what?" He asked.
didn't kill our cat," Cas growled in anger. He would rip Gabriel apart if something bad happened to her. Yes, he knew she couldn't die, but she could still get sick.
"Look, I know it looks bad. I know! I just... I have no excuse for my actions. I'm sorry," Cas said as he stared at the ground. His eyes teared up as he went on. "I know I'm not supposed to bring a human back to Earth. I know I'm not supposed to go back to their family. I know I'm not supposed to use my powers to-" He fell to the ground in a puddle, curling in on himself, sobbing like the true twenty-three-year-old he was.
Dean seemed excited and exasperated at the same time. Castiel nodded. They stared at each other for a few moments.
! I knew that there were some other beings in the universe than just humans! I knew it, I knew it, I knew it!"
Castiel decided to make his presence known. He kept his voice monotone so as not to shock him in any way. "I see that you're awake, Dean."
Dean nodded once but paused. He looked down at his lap, fiddling with his hands. "Can I see my family one more time?" Before Castiel could answer, he spoke again. "Look, man. I'm starting to accept this whole thing, but it would make me happy if I could check up on them." Castiel's jaw was open, aghast that a human actually wants to see their family in the state of mourning. "Or is that not doable?" He shrank in.
"How is this going to work? Do I stay in this moment for the rest of eternity? What's gonna happen from here?" Castiel ran his fingers over the orange yarn in his lap.
Cas smiled. "That is what I was going to tell you guys. Dean, uh... Look, I know this is going to be against protocol, but I'm going to do it anyways." He turned to Mary and John. "Have you ever heard of soulmates?"
"I would not like to alarm you in any way, Dean," he warned softly. "Your mother left the room for some breakfast." Dammit, this was going to be so hard to break to him. All of it.
He tested the water with a finger and turned it off, then set Paula into the shallow water. "There, there," Cas cooed while rubbing between her ears. "It'll be alright. I'm here."
? Did my mom send you in here? Speaking of, where is she?" He twisted his head around the small hospital room.
And from then, they grew to love the other, whispering kind words, cuddled together in Castiel's bed late at night. It was like that for a little over a week.. until the funeral. They had both opted to not go to the funeral but to the gathering at Dean's old house.
"Hey!" Dean complained. "I didn't burn it! Well, yeah, it may have been a bit charred." Cas scoffed while folding his arms over his chest.
, Gabriel, I know you're lying!" Cas jumped up, pulling Dean with him. Cas waved his hand, a blue sticky-note falling to the floor. "That has my phone number on it. If any of you wants to talk to Dean or me, that's the number to call. If no one answers, leave a message." He rounded on Gabriel. "As for
"What did you do wrong?!" Cas fumed. "I adopted a cat that had no chance of living down here- who died because she was too weak. She's missing half her body, for Dad's sake! I knew I should've brought her down here or done- done
"I didn't want anyone to know," he said softly. "And I... one thing I never told you was that... was that I was glad I had cancer for once." Cas felt a drop of something on his head. "I thought that if- if- if I died, then I would not have to worry about- about living in a body that never felt like mine. Or maybe not to be ridiculed for liking both guys and girls. Jus' my life never felt right, y'know? That something was missing." Dean hugged Cas tighter. "And then when I awoke in that hospital room, freaking out that I suddenly had the body I always wanted. And then this cutie interrupted my panic party, and would you believe the nerd was crocheting. Had a whole book, basket of yarn, and about a dozen hooks. He waited for me." Cas felt Dean smile. He smiled, too. "And he was my missing piece."
Cas put on his best suit, black, neat-pressed pants with a matching blazer and a white button-up, adding a blue tie because Dean said it 'brightened-up' his eyes. Cas chose to show up to the Winchester's house corporeal to give his condolences, Dean having to stay a ghost so they don't freak out. He watched the last person walk out that evening and he knocked on the door lightly.
"Ah, nothin', nothin'. Just wanted to tell you that if you're gonna tell them I was born their daughter but died their son, Sammy already knows."
"Well, ah." He looked down at Sam, who was only fourteen. "Sam, has Dean ever told you about-" He knew he was talking in the present-tense, sue him.
Cas fell to his knees, picking up the small cat to cradle in his arms, shushing the poor thing. He stood back up and walked to the half-bathroom by the kitchen. He twisted the tap after plugging the drain, warm water running out, and filling up the small basin.
"Uhm, hey. I'm sorry about my brother. He... he's different. He's always had a caring heart, taking care of the little kitten and puppies in Heaven. And your son... Castiel was five when he was born. I'd take him down here, guiding him through what to do. I'm sorry if we've scared you guys half to death, we aren't even supposed to exist to you humans. If you guys would just keep this to yourselves, that would help us a lot."
. As I was about to open the door, I saw... a calendar, oooh. And on the second Saturday of July was a big, red, fat 'X' that said 'Go visit family'. And oh, I thought. Not like you'd want to go talk to Daddy dear, so I only guessed that this is where you'd be! Yay!"
Dean and Cas landed on their front porch. Cas let go of Dean and opened the door, Dean closing it after following inside. They scouted the area, going room to room in search of Paula. Cas gasped, then rushed over to the doorway of the laundry room, where little Paula was curled in on herself, coughing up a storm.
The man yawned once as he opened his eyes. "Hey, can I get some food in here or wha-" He paused in his wording as he froze. "
She blinked once, maybe confused about something? He wasn't that good at reading others as his brothers and sisters.
“It would be irresponsible to blindly trust anyone, regardless of your relation. You have to understand how important this is and Gabriel is right, I’ve already put them at risk simply by inviting you here.”
Castiel smiled impishly, “You were excepting something more uncanny—perhaps a castle in the woods, gothic and shrouded in darkness?”
“A boy!” She practically squealed, linking their arms together. “Tell me all about him, Angel. Does he get wet like a girl, beg for it like a whore? Oh! Does he like to share, because I’m perfectly happy to have a three—”
He had barely felt anything since Cas had vanished, as if the Empty had taken his soul, his very heart along with Cas.
Instead of the kiss he had hoped for, instead of being able to cling to Cas as if that would do anything, Dean feels himself be pushed back, feels his ass hit the floor and his back hit the wall.
“That's all I can ask for. Don't do any deals, yeah? Don't come back with anything hanging over your head, I'm not going to make any dumb deals either, promise.”
And it was true, kind of. The flowers seemed a little brighter, the trees a little greener, the whole world a little more friendly.
Offer Cas to go to Heaven. No, first tell him that Heaven was around again and not interfering, then offer him that he could go. Then tell him Dean wanted him to stay.
They'd been successful, killing two birds with one stone. The Empty was empty again, the angels back in Heaven. Keeping that bureaucracy up and running, promising not to interfere with humanity, like Rowena in Hell didn't change where souls were headed either. No more deals.
There were a lot of couples here. Briefly Dean considered what his dad would have said to three queer couples with two celestial beings (well, one of them formerly celestial), but then Cas pulls Dean closer to his chest and kisses his hair and all thoughts of John Winchester left Dean's mind.
He could confess. What is stopping him? Cas had interrupted him in Purgatory, but with minutes left to live what else is there to do?
He could try drinking the pain away, numbing the ache with alcohol, but he already felt so empty. Once upon a time he might've tried to fill that empty with girls and sex, but the mere thought made him nauseous now.
It had been Eileen first, obviously. Telling Sam she wanted to see Cas too, after his miraculous return from the Empty thanks to Jack. The two of them had interrupted Cas and Dean stealing kisses during a very late breakfast the morning after their first date. Sam hadn't been surprised in the least. Well, maybe surprised that they'd actually managed to figure out they had spent the past decade or so pining for each other, but not about them being in love. Eileen had simply hugged them both and given them her congratulations.
Or had he understood everything wrong? He'd probably die of shame, or maybe of heartbreak. Dean rubbed the bridge of his nose and swallowed heavily. No, he'd be fine. He hadn't thought Cas loved him before, if it was platonic that was entirely fine.
His voice was hoarse from crying, but maybe, somehow, Cas would still hear him. He'd heard Jack, and sure, Jack was one of the most powerful beings in creation, but maybe their bond was profound enough, somehow, for Cas to hear Dean too.
Cas loved him. Cas wanted to be in a relationship with him. Dean felt his heart pick up a beat. This was it. His eyes flickered down to Cas' lips. He could kiss him and it would be welcome. Cas seemed to be leaning in too, and Dean lifted his hand to cradle Cas' face.
In that final second he'd started to say it. Tried to tell Cas he loved him. The desperation to get it out before it was to late. But Cas had interrupted him, told him goodbye, and pushed him away, his hand on the same shoulder he had once branded.
He will take care of Sam, and Jack, of course he will, defeat Chuck or die trying. Maybe dying in the process would be preferable.
But he was good enough, right? He was trying, and the anger had gotten less now that Chuck was gone. He hadn't killed Chuck. Chuck had thought Dean was the ultimate killer, but he wasn't. He was so much more than that. Cas had seen it, and Dean had wanted to prove him right.
Dean takes a deep breath. He needs Cas to know how much he is loved. Even if that is what summons the Empty. If Cas is right it will come either way, come to take him away from Dean.
Dean loved the family he and Sam had built for themselves. There were so many wonderful people, and they could always rely on each other for support.
He looks up, sees Cas smiling at him even as the blackness pierces his back, looking like the wings Cas had flashed him that first time they met, swallows Billie, and flows over Cas' body, his face.
And Dean, maybe he could've learned to accept that. If Cas had known he was wanted, that there was another option.
“It'll take a few hours.” Dean was mentally calculating the fastest way. Three and a half hours, maybe three if he ignored the speed limits. “Better find a coffee shop or something. I'm coming.”
Dean had been a little worried about her reaction, what with him being in a relationship with someone in a body identical to her dad's body, even if it had been remade a few times since her dad had actually been in the body.
“Cas... I don't know if you can hear me, but I have to try. I didn't want to tell you this in prayer, and I never did tell you in person, though I should have. Cas, I love you, I have for years. I don't want you to leave, ever.” His voice broke. “Just come back, man. I can't do this without you. I won't rest till I get you back and I don't care who I have to fight. I'll fight the whole world for you.”
Dean had one more thing he wanted to do though. And Cas was right there. One thing he'd wanted to do for years.
Sure, they'd had Christmas with Mrs. Butters, but that hadn't been in December, and Cas hadn't been there either. And what was Christmas without their family? All of their living family.
Dean takes a deep breath. Cas seems distracted, which, fair enough, Death herself is pounding on the door.
Dean hadn't known Cas loved him, either. He had thought, maybe, sometimes, that at the end he might have that chance, the possibility that there might be something one day. But an angel of the lord, in love with him? An angel in love with a human, like Serafina and Adam. What was he supposed to do with this knowledge? With this confession, so profound, so honest, so stunningly beautiful?
Instead he looks over Dean's shoulder. When Dean turns around he sees a portal forming on the wall, the inky blackness making it obvious this was the Empty.
Billie is pounding at the door, Death herself coming to kill them both. Sure, they had managed to ward the door, but that isn't going to last. They are trapped, no way out, no grenade launcher, Cas has long since lost his wings, no one to call, nothing they can do.
Cas would still have had his stupid fucking deal – what did that even mean, what he wanted he knew he couldn't have? If he wanted Dean, in whatever way, shape or form he would only have had to ask, would only have had to stay.
Cas had said that everything Dean did, the good and the bad, was because of love. That he was so full of love he had changed Cas, made him care for the entire world because of Dean. Made him care for Dean enough to sacrifice himself to save Dean from his own stupidity.
“I'm in love with you, have been for years. I want a relationship with you. If that was what you knew you couldn't have, you were wrong. Come back, please.”
“Cas, I don't want to hear it. You're family. We'll break the deal, somehow. But you're my brother. Don't make this weird.”
As Cas and Dean got themselves ready for bed, brushing their teeth, changing into their pajamas, very much domestic, Dean let himself think back to how each member of their family had made time to welcome Cas back after his return. Because Cas was part of their family too, and they had all missed him, especially Claire, no matter how rocky their start may have been.
It was like being in his mom's mind, back, when the British Men of Letters had brainwashed her. Except Mary had been in her happiest memories. Cas was facing his regrets, his mistakes.
“Cas!” Dean couldn't stop himself now, he had to be close to Cas, closer, making sure he was here, same memories, same personality, no trauma, no leftovers, just his Cas.
He couldn't say who had actually started the kiss, but it was the closest to Heaven that he'd ever been.
Cas had loved him through all those rejections, when he sent him away from the bunker as a newly human, when he told him everything that went wrong was Cas' fault. It didn't make any sense.
Dean was one human, a normal guy who liked burgers and pie, too angry most of the time. And an angel of the lord had fallen for him, in nearly every way. How was a guy supposed to understand that?
They could be happy, Dean knew that. He couldn't doubt it anymore. Sam was happy, Jack was in everything and still occasionally popped by the Bunker for midnight cereal they kept in stock just for their kid. Charlie had Stevie, Claire had Kaia. There were still monsters around, but what was the difference between monsters and humans? Couple of extra teeth, sure, but there were vampires that only drank animal blood, werewolves like Garth and there were also entirely human serial killers. Hunters were still around, but they too had changed, their entire culture had.
Sammy would be fine, he could have his apple pie hunter life with Eileen. Charlie had Stevie back, Jack was somehow in all the rain drops and the pebbles on the beach and had seemed happy with that.
Dean sat on the floor. On some level he heard his phone buzzing, still Sammy, felt his limbs going numb, the tears drying on his cheeks, making them itchy.
Dean practically drags Cas to the nearest wall, taking the blood still on his angel's palm, every second matters now.
It seemed like that had been the most frequent reaction. Telling them congratulations, but not really a surprise.
He had been Cas' happiness. They could have had this, for years. Dean is a coward, but at least he'd said his bit. At least he is alive and might be able to get Cas back.
Dean didn't really know what he was talking about. Dying? Confessing his love just before dying? Leaving in a more general sense?
How is he supposed to talk to Sam? What is he supposed to say? A sob breaks free from his throat. An ugly thing, filled with so much pain.
Of course, once that first moment had passed Sam had immediately begun his duty as a younger brother and started teasing Dean about how sappy he was, about how long it had taken them to figure out, paying back with interest every joke Dean had made about Sam and Eileen.
When Cas starts talking about his happiness, about the one thing he always wanted but knew he couldn't have, the one thing that would make him truly happy, there is a part of Dean that wants to demand what it is, to do everything in his power to give it to Cas, promise him anything at all, but well, that would also kill Cas, so how could he do it?
Dean sits on the floor, stunned, feeling as if the Empty had taken him too, numb, like his heart had been torn right out. In a way, he supposes, it had been. Cas had had his heart for years now after all.
Maybe he should've called Sammy, but for possibly the first time in his life he chooses himself, chooses Cas over his baby brother, the one he'd raised.
The bunker was brimming with life. It had started two days ago, with Claire and Kaia crashing through the door after an exhausting hunt that had left them with a number of bumps and bruises. Next Charlie and Stevie had dropped by, wanting to help Sam with digitizing the bunker archive.
“I made a deal for Jack. True happiness and the Empty would take me. Maybe Billie too. Maybe this will save you too. I love you, so much.”
Once upon a time there had been Lisa. Lisa and Ben, an apple pie life of his own with barbeques and kiddie baseball games, a regular job, a girl and a kid. He'd loved them, they'd built him back up from the shattered shell of a man he'd been after losing Sammy to Hell, after Cas had up and left to go back to Heaven.
It was an empty bunker with its echoing halls. It was pitying glances whenever he went to dinner with Sam and Eileen, with Jody and the girls. It was hunting because he didn't know what else to do and what was the point in trying to learn anything else?
That should make it clear, right? But just to be safe, Dean took another deep breath, and looked Cas in the eyes, those lovely blue eyes it was so easy to get lost in.
Would Cas still be here if he'd had the balls to tell him he loved him? If he hadn't just started wooing the guy the human way, with movie nights and mixtapes? Or would the Empty have come to fetch him just because Dean confessed his love?
Cas had said happiness lay in just saying it. Not in having Dean, though he could have. Dean had never said it out loud. He had tried to show it, but hadn't been successful, obviously.
Dean is going to break his heart. Dean has to reject the love of his life to keep him around. So thoroughly there was no way Cas would ever be happy because of him.
There were all kinds of warnings there, about getting trapped in your dreams, about the powers angels and demons had in your mind, about not saying yes to them. Dean wasn't planning on doing that either. Adam and Michael might've worked that out, but it wasn't for him.
Dean would offer Cas the choice. Would offer him the option to go back to being an angel. But well, he'd spent the past few weeks cursing himself for not telling Cas how much he meant to him, and so he would tell him he could go back to Heaven, but ask him to stay.
He had said everything he wanted to, but there was one bit he hadn't bothered to add to his prayers for years, one last word he whispered: “Amen.”
It was a summer without sunshine, it was Christmas without presents, Thanksgiving without family. Nothing felt right, not without Cas there.
Dean barely notices how he pulls his knees to his chest, drops his face in his hands and starts sobbing.
But none of that mattered, did it? Cas was gone. Cas was gone because of Dean. He had smiled, as the Empty took him, took Death.
Step three. He'd said his part. He'd finally found enough courage to ask the love of his life to stay. Ask him to choose Dean. There was more to say, but this was the most important bit, right?
“So, you want me to come back to the Bunker because you miss me even though I told you I'm in love with you?”, was what Cas settled on saying. “Is there someone you need my help fighting? Did you manage to defeat Chuck?”
Sam did notice something had changed, that Dean seemed a little lighter, a little happier, but Dean still wasn't about to tell him what he had been doing.
Cas cleared his throat and Dean finally dared look up again. There was hope in Cas' eyes, but also fear, nervousness, insecurity. But mostly hope, a hope Dean suspected was mirrored in his own.
He might as well pull out all the stops. So he moved, knelt, folded his hands like a good Christian was supposed to.
“Cas, you said a lot of things, just before you died. You said there was one thing that you thought would make you happy, one thing you always wanted but knew you couldn't have. What exactly was that?” Dean took a deep breath. “Because from where I was standing it sounded a lot like you wanted a relationship. With me. A romantic relationship. And that isn't necessarily why I'm here, like, if you aren't into me that's entirely fine, it doesn't really matter, but, well, what I'm trying to say is I want you back. If there's any way to get you back alive I want you here, well, I want you back at the Bunker, with me. It's too empty without you, and I want you to stay, is all I'm saying.”
Could you even imagine? Marrying Cas. Marrying an angel of the lord, which priest would even do that? Completely ignoring the fact that Dean was legally dead and a convicted murderer multiple times over.
Dean was glad for it. Christmas was coming soon and even when his new day job exhausted him he still enjoyed decorating the bunker, cooking for the kids and stealing kisses from Cas. Because he could do that now. It was their first Christmas as a couple, their first Christmas free of any and all divine manipulation, and it was a fantastic feeling.
Dean would have a chance to talk to Cas. Would have a chance to tell him. Tell him everything, like Cas had told him, so openly, so honestly.
Cas could leave the bunker from here. The angel banishing sigil, the one the British bastards had used. It had straight up blown Cas halfway across the country, out of the bunker.
And he was going to keep doing that. Live his life. He wasn't burning himself out or drinking himself to death. He was going to try to get Cas back, but he wouldn't destroy himself in the progress. Because Cas was worth living for.
It was all about summoning the dead, dead angels, dead demons. Those were the only traces Dean could find.
Suddenly Cas seems hurried. Well, Death is still knocking on the door. They have seconds to live. Dean half expects a punch in the face. Wouldn't be the first time. He closes his eyes, looking down. Instead he feels gentle fingers tilting up his chin. Chapped lips on his. Desperation, salty tears, and what feels like all the love in the world.
Of course Dean would try to save him, but who knows if he has a chance to succeed? They have no cosmic beings in their corner anymore after all.
“My time here is up. Cas, I love you. I'll keep looking for a way out too. Dunno if I can get in, the Empty's just for angels and demons after all. See you soon, I love you!”
And well, if Cas chose Heaven, Dean would pretend that he would find happiness on Earth. Cas shouldn't stay out of any sense of responsibility, not because Dean needed him, but because Dean wanted him to stay. Cas had chosen Dean, humanity, the whole world, over Heaven a number of times already. Cas loved him. He would stay, right? Dean would have the chance to kiss him silly. To cuddle up with him in front of a dumb movie. To make him breakfast like Stevie had done for Charlie.
When Charlie had found out she had merely raised an eyebrow, hugged him, and told him she was glad they'd found happiness. It still wasn't the same Charlie as their original Charlie, but she was family nevertheless. The first Charlie would have teased him a lot more about having taken this long – she'd already made pointed comments about Cas being 'dreamy' years ago after all.
Dancing at Sammy's wedding. Patching each other up after a hunt and not being able to take their hands off of each other.
But Cas had chosen this. Cas had made this deal. Cas had chosen when it would come due. Cas had thought Dean would live without him.
Dean doesn't get to hear the end of that sentence. He has already slammed his hand to the sigil, and Cas is gone. Probably cursing him. Hopefully alive. Anything better than certain death because of Dean's stupid anger.
Dean took a deep breath. He had practiced this. He knew what he wanted to say. Tell Cas Heaven was an option, ask him to stay, remind him it's his choice.
Claire started the next movie on their list, some lesbian rom-com called Happiest Season and Dean let himself enjoy the chick-flick.
In the meantime, Sam had invited him to dinner. The two of them had their own house, not too far away from the Bunker, and Dean was expected to drop by at least once a week barring any emergency cases.
He hadn't dared dream of life with Cas before. And now there was no point. He could've had it all, but Cas was gone again.
'Don't do this'? That's what he'd replied to a love confession he'd hoped for for years? Why had Cas loved him? How is Dean supposed to move, to live, to save the world when there is nothing left in it for him?
It was on his drive back from Sam's that he heard his phone ring. An unknown number, Kansas area code. Lawrence, Kansas, area code.
Cas had saved him from Hell, gripped him tight and raised him from perdition. Maybe it was time to return the favor.
Not a single member of their family had judged them for not being straight. None of them ever would.
Dean knows what Cas wanted to say. It's not hard to guess. Saying the one thing he wanted was something he knew he couldn't have – and then talking about a person.
He had said he would fight the world to get Cas back, but right now even getting up, even answering his phone, felt impossible.
Dean hasn't felt this shitty since... Well, not actually that long ago. Watching Cas leave the bunker. Cas telling him he needed to get out. Before that, kicking Cas out when he'd been human.
“You can go to Heaven, to the angels if you want. They're going to clean up their act.” Step one. “But I'd rather you stayed here.” That wasn't clear enough, this wasn't about Sam, not about being family. Dean took another deep breath, his fingers gripping the sheets. He wasn't looking at Cas, he didn't think he could get it all out if he did. “Stayed with me.” That was step two. “It's your choice, but I want you to stay. I've always wanted you to stay and I never asked you to.”
Exactly one week later, on Monday, the third object appeared and actually managed to turn Dean a shade of red he didn’t know human beings were capable of turning. It was there when he woke up, the small innocent looking package waiting for him on the nightstand. The second his eyes landed on the brown paper, his heat started beating hard in his chest, pounding and pounding and making it hard to breath. Somehow it felt even more like a violation than the other ones, the idea that someone had been beside him while he was sleeping, while he vulnerable—he tried not to think about that.
Normally, this would be enough to make him want her—Meg was, after all, both attractive and easy, two qualities he very much enjoyed—but today was different, he wasn’t interested. “I’m here or information, nothing more.”
Sam gave him this pinched, frustrated look, like he knew Dean was lying but wasn’t going to press the issue. He felt guilty, hating lying to his brother but sometimes it was just better that he didn’t know everything. If he ever found about that it was Dean’s fault Ca—Novak got away, he’d never look at him the same way again. They stared at each other for a long time in silence before Sam got up and started trying to pull some breakfast together.
The words sounded wrecked beyond belief as every inch of him shook with need and restraint. His balls tightened, dick throbbing incessantly against Castiel’s tongue. This was the best part about giving head: being able to feel his partner become almost imperceptibly harder in his mouth, the bitter taste of precome, the way the body constricts and trembles as it’s pulled closer and closer and closer.
Castiel hummed as he trailed hands down his chest, brushing fingers across his nipples and making Dean shiver. “Nothing.”
As expected, Dean's face instantly lit up, the result so cute he had to hide a smile in the crook of that beautiful neck. To excuse the strange action he whispered, “Make it count,” as sternly as possible considering the giddy feeling bubbling up through his body. When he pulled back enough so that they were facing each other, Dean reached up a hand to gently cup Castiel’s jaw.
Dean tried to push his legs further apart, but the bars stopped him from moving much more. Cas laughed, spanking Dean’s ass as he spoke, “Not your legs.” Dean swallowed as he realized what Cas was asking him to do, whole body tense and embarrassed as he grabbed hold of the sides of his ass and pulled them apart.
“Cas,” he struggled to stop himself from preening under the other man’s scrutiny, from trying too hard to please him.
“Pants first.” Dean fumbled to put Cas’s slacks and underwear back on, then crawled out from under the table and started rubbing himself through his pants.
“How?” He asked, voice so monotone and detached that he sounded more machine than man. The emotionless tone made him feel strangely cold inside, like for the first time he realized just how far away from Dean—how many miles from their warm bed and soft touches—he truly was.
Dean followed closely behind as they walked down a long narrow hall filled with doors, stopping at the farthest from the stairs on the right. Inside, the room was plain—a light blue wallpaper that Gabriel had picked out years ago, long before Castiel had agreed to move into it. Aside from a closet full of clothing, the space had nothing personal inside. The furniture was a dark cherry wood and the bed, while comfortable, was certainly not as luxurious as Dean’s.
"Well," he says, holding back a grimace of pain. "I think you and Dean may both be right when you say that it's about feeling alive."
...Once had he basked on the glory of a foolish leaf, proud stagnant, evergreen, timeless, aimless, clutching blindly to the tree, rain, wind, snow, only knowing of heaven above, but never about the dirt of the ground...to be still is to be alive?
“I want a segment!” Yells Jack. Jack grabs for the piece of fruit in Dean’s hand, looking at it with fascination and entertainment at the uneven sphere of the citrus, before handing it over to Cas.
“I’m not going to die out there, not violently.” Castiel nods and smiles fondly, affection and tenderness washing over him in waves. It's a warm silence, a promise, the sun is out and about today. Dean looks at him like the only thing in this world and leans in for a kiss, making him feel as if he swallowed a box of fireworks instead, and this time the kiss has a citric aftertaste. Shooting stars on a summer night, dropping like a thousand suns, speckled fireworks, sunny galaxy to cup in his hands, warm and ticklish, rumble laughter and stubble, soft and rough, sweet and bitter, bliss and life, so alive, for a moment Cas is again grateful of falling: so beautiful, so much like Dean.
"I'll get it soon," he says and walks away, running around through the leaves, freely, squealing in delight.
Castiel sighs and carefully sits down on the battered bench in the small park. Its wood is ruined and the paint is peeling off and soft moss is thriving in those places where the material never quite manages to completely dry off. A wet bench, but still appreciates it with a crack of back bones.
He had spent some ten months trying to find the right words to tell Dean that he was considering hunting less and less - wounds healed too slowly and he wasn't getting any younger. He had tentatively enquired about Dean only to find out that Dean was doing better - therapy and AA meetings and the Impala had been sold to some teenage girls. They had met, Castiel had asked about Dean’s new lodgings, Dean told him. Dinner. Breakfast. Lunch. Dinner. On and on like starting from scratch. Things settled, slowly, by falling into place and one night Dean asked him to sleep in his room rather than on the sofa and they talked, opened their hearts, raw and exposed, the darkness making it less awkward and easier: like talking to the idea of a person, depersonalization at its best, a space that had welcomed them and liked them as much as they liked it. Hours passed and in the morning things were different - calmer, easier. They had no more tears left to cry and no more apologies to make.
Because time now moves and flies away, slipping through his finger. Ticked away by clocks. Irrevocable hours leaden circles travelling through the air and ultimately dissolving.
He knows the stories that Dean tells Jack, the ones he half reads and ends up making as he goes, stuffing in his own share for who knows what reasons. The thing is they both laugh and the red hooded girl surely doesn't have a shapeshifter, last time he checked. Overheard some of them while passing through the small living room in order to get outside and speak on the phone with Sam.
Castiel closes his eyes, tilting his head back, chin held up high. The sun is warm on his skin, shining in through the naked branches, but his cheeks are reddened by the cold. Wrapped in his winter coat already, all buttoned up and one hand stuffed in his pockets. The sunbeams look golden and create dancing shadows on the ground, and he just stays there, still and motionless, and at peace, as he listens to Jack play in front of him.
“Wait,” He stretches his arm out. “Here you go. First tangerine of the year, not too expensive. Hell, thought we deserve some after everything we went through.”
Meeting for the first time fear in a not immediate war or easily numbing adrenaline to survive, and thus being laid bare to see himself in the mirror and being bombarded with all the truths he didn't want to hear, scared of being alone, despite having Jack, Dean, and everyone else too; afraid of this too good looking second chance usually so monomaniacally forbidden and his guilt biting so hard he feels like choking on every breath, whispering his worst thoughts, over and over like broken record, all his faults, all his "greater good" soaking his hands in blood, what is to deserve when one has betrayed, what is a right when one has killed and done the unspeakable, what is to have freedom when each breath tastes of regret, what is peace when silence draws despair. On top of it now powerless, his own human body with the aching joints and cold bones… being at the mercy of time rather than being above it.
Somewhere, through open windows, a song plays faintly though he may just be imagining it, lyrics echoing in his mind for days on end. Come and take my whole life, you are everything I want. You are everything… Mulling over them and wondering, impossible to stop, rolling and rapid. It’s peacefulness as if he spent an entire afternoon crying while sitting on a chair, though he can’t really claim to be an expert on the subject. It’s contentment and residual happiness that sometimes mixes with annoyance and anger, arguments breaking out like thunder, rumbling. Yet, still, love and happiness at simply existing, being alive, being human. The fullest and most satisfying existence, feeling things, and waking up in the morning with the sun shining in through the window, filtering through the curtains and painting the room gold as dust dances in the air in a mesmerizing pattern. Next to Dean too, a couple of moments in amicable silence before the day begins - lying there, mouth filled with the metallic taste of sleep, lazily and whispering, good morning. Time for healing.
“Oh, look at you,” says Dean looking away, retrieving a clean handkerchief from the pocket of his Jacket and wiping Jack’s face clean.
At the end of the third year, they had come back and they had stayed at the bunker for two whole weeks rather than a couple of days.
Dean's fear of abandonment and Cas' own desperate need to be useful had proven to be the most explosive and dangerous mix. And thing is, they couldn't forgive each other, not a particular one big reason, just too many piled up and carried over the years and while they could forget and move on, deep in their heart they couldt forgive, not really, and the topics they so desperately tried to ignore stood in their way, holding them back.
Some of it, he'll never get back. Those sorry months and years he'd relive by reentering the moment and changing it radically from within by doing everything right are long out of question and he wouldn't risk fate and destiny to make a miracle again to break from Chuck's narrative. This time, he'd do everything right by being less prideful and avoid arguments to grow bigger and bigger until the smallest of things, enlarged in disproportion, left nothing but annoyance and anger in their wake - arguments breaking like thunder, rumbling, filling the air and making it unbearable to stand there and wonder, even for just a moment, whether love may not remain buried one day, out of reach.
“Thought about fucking you for years, gorgeous.” He spit again, amplifying the slippery sound of smacking flesh. “The minute I found out what the—uh—cop—fuck—tailing me looked—ah—like. Fuck, Dean.” He groaned, the sound of his hand moving even faster. “Used to watch you jerk off. Watched you,” he gasped, “touching yourself right here, when you thought no one was looking.” He panted. “Heard you say my name, Dean. Knew how bad you wanted my cock. Knew how hard you were when you were—ah—interrogating me.”
“Alright, I ain’t lookin’ a gift horse in the mouth. You wanna stay here another five hours, it’s your grave.” He puts his hands up in surrender, smiling slightly as he turned around. “See you, brother.”
“Right in front of you,” Castiel mumbled distractedly, pulling away from the comfort of Dean’s touches.
Normally, he make a joke about or take the opportunity to flirt a little but the compliment he’d just been given left a sour taste in his mouth. Instead, he looked up at the brown haired man who seemed at least a bit steadier than the girl. “Heard you two were pretty unlucky.”
“I told you not to smoke in my car.” Castiel grumbled, purposefully ignoring the comment as he stopped a few inches from the window.
“What’s got your panties in a twist?” Shooting his brother a cocky grin as he walked back toward the kitchen table.
The other man just laughed, “That was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen, gorgeous. You don’t need to apologize.” Dean leaned against Castiel’s leg, too weak to do anything else.
Gabriel sighed dramatically but conceded, letting himself be pulled into the kitchen. “So why’s your pet here? I thought you two were fighting.”
Dean was a sight—body trembling and covered in sweat, lips puffy and parted, skin flushed such a breathtaking shade of red. His eyes were hooded, pupils completely black and body still rocking slightly, cock swollen and red with need.
It was a while before sleep actually overcame him, but Dean’s words, while not entirely reassuring, had managed to quell the mounting anxiety thrumming through his body. When he finally slipped into unconsciousness his dreams were filled with images of Dean and a life they could have had, in another universe.
Dean opened his eyes, eager for more. He was tentative at first, nothing but small kitten licks around the head before he heard Castiel laugh.
“You’re mine.” He thrust harder, faster. “Belong to me. No one else can have you. Do whatever I want to you.” He snarled, hands gripping so tightly at Dean’s waist that the fingerprints would be there for days. Finally he came, growling “Mine, Mine, Mine!” into Dean’s back.
He’d spent no more than two nights in evidence when he heard it. Or, more accurately, when he didn’t hear anything. Dean had grown used to the sounds of the night shifters opening and closing drawers, shoes clinking on the floor, the murmur of chatter behind the door. But not tonight, tonight it was so quiet it was almost deafening.
The minute Victor was out of earshot everything changed, the siblings looked completely different. Shy, nervous Anna was grinning ear to ear; her brother pulled a lollipop out of a pocket and popped it into his mouth. They were both looking at him like this was all one big joke, making him feel more unsettled than ever before.
“Afternoon Dean. If I see you poking around or catch you try’na talk poor Kevin into helping you skirt my orders, so help me.”
“Anna,” he said angry, “we need to get him out of there. If he’s alive, what do you think will happen—”
The second he got home he stormed back toward the bedroom, furious with himself for the lack of conviction, and ripped open the plain brown paper of the package. His eyes went wide and his whole body went red, as he flung the thing across the room in a mix of horror and embarrassment. Heart hammering in his ears, it took him ten whole minutes to muster up the courage to retrieve the package, needing to make sure that what he saw was really what he saw.
For his part he collapsed kneeling on the floor, head pressed against the wall, just under the place where he’d come. His breath was harsh and erratic, heart pounding and head swimming. He must have blacked out for a minute because when opened his eyes again Cas was standing over him, stroking his hair and holding out a glass of water. Dean took the water with a slight nod of acknowledgement, still unable to form any words and only dimly aware of what was going on.
“No, Dean.” He said, sounding more tired than ever. “You are the only detective I have ever enjoyed—”
He would keep the sleep-warm smell of Dean’s skin, the steady rhythm of his thumping heart, the distant rumble of cars passing by outside, forever. He would hoard the memory of every single one of Dean’s freckles; carry with him the weight of the blanket that covered their naked bodies, kept them sheltered from the rest of the world.
So, I think there is about one long chapter left but I might break it into two smaller ones depending on how long it takes me to write them!
Only a few more hard, deep thrusts and Dean was coming violently and without permission between them. Castiel was so enthralled by the sweet sounds, the hot feeling of Dean’s muscles contracting, that he didn’t even really notice. An animalistic instinct had taken over and Castiel just kept slamming into him, fingers digging into his hips as he lifted the man’s body to get a better angle. Throughout, Dean continued to moan encouragement, cock still spurting come onto his stomach, mixing with the sweat accumulating between them.
“My love,” he said, fastening their lips together before Castiel had a chance to respond to the words, swallowing his shock in a desperate assault of tongues and teeth. Despite everything, they were both quickly getting hard again, kisses turning more and more passionate until they were both panting into each other’s mouths.
“Cas? You’re not even listening to me, are you?” Anna accused, snapping her fingers to pull him back to reality.
Which translated to a hell of a lot of dedicated overtime, trying to ease some of the guilt weighing him down. The extra work had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that his apartment felt so terribly empty, that he couldn’t bear the thought of going home, that no matter how many times he cleaned his sheets they still smelled like—
By the time they’d arrived it was well past midnight and nearly the entire company of renegade criminals was piled into the living room playing cards, smoking, drinking, and entertaining one another in increasingly illicit ways.
From the corner of his eye he could see Cas setting the lamp back down, body visibly relaxing as his brain took in the mystery man grinning in the doorway. A hand fell over top of his, forcing him to lower the gun. He didn’t he get a chance to ask Cas what the hell he was thinking before the stranger was shouting, “Rise and shine Cassie!” in a cocky British accent that irritated Dean almost instantly.
Castiel felt strange, elated, wrought with a giddy, happy energy that took over his very being. They rolled onto their sides but he couldn’t let go, kissing and praising and clinging to Dean, holding their bodies together. He was delirious, intoxicated on Dean’s scent, his smiles, his taste.
Castiel smiled at the prospect of everything coming together so simply. “We’ll all go to Dean’s, then, it’s settled.” They all looked relieved, spirits higher than they had been in weeks. There was a solid plan, now and it was all thanks to Dean.
“I’m serious. From what you’ve said, though, he doesn’t,” he paused to consider, “he doesn’t sound like a bad person.”
“We brought Alastair in.” He said uneasily, eyes fixed on the other man, trying to anticipate his actions like the other man might jump at him any second.
“No need to apologize, you did what anyone else would’ve. Hell, I probably wouldn’t ‘ve left the car either.” That got a small smile from both of them. “Any chance you can think of a reason why you might have been abducted in the first place?”
They locked eyes and for a moment the room seemed to freeze, then Cas leaned back as far as the cuffs would let him go and spread his legs obscenely wide. “I want you to suck my cock, Detective Winchester.”
Cas looked up from beneath the towel at the sound of Dean sighing and smirked at the sight of Dean’s growing erection. “See something you like, pretty?” He purred, hand smoothing down his stomach and wrapping around his cock. He started stroking himself lazily, watching the way it made Dean squirm and lick his lips.
“Look, man, you know I trust you. You know I’d do anything you ask ‘cause I know you’d do anything to get the job done.”
“You couldn’t just leave.” He realized, “the only way out would be if the whole organization fell. You’d have to take down the biggest, baddest son of a bitch of them all.”
The sight of all those miles of smooth, tanned skin made his mouth go dry. It was the first time that he’d really gotten a chance to appreciate Cas naked and the man was even more beautiful in the day than last night. Dean almost whimpered as his eyes raked over the toned body, swallowing hard when his eyes drifted down to the man’s cock.
“Fuck,” Cas moaned, “Look so good like this. Made to take my cock, weren’t you?” The cuffs rattled above him and Dean could picture Cas straining against the metal, wanting to bury his hand in Dean’s hair. The thought sent something desperate and needy through him and he could feel his own dick straining against the fabric of his pants. “You like this too, don’t you? Bet you’re so hard you could come just like this, just from sucking me off, couldn’t you?”
“It’s just sex.” Castiel said quietly, trying to sound self-assured. He didn’t love Dean, that wasn’t something he did with people—love them. It wasn’t in his DNA to care about others like that.
“Yeah, I mean, we know they’re both top-dogs—controlling basically all the crime in the east and west, but we’ve never been able to pin them with anything. Always use grunts to do their dirty work so it’s impossible to catch ‘em with so much as a parking ticket.”
Breathing raggedly, they collapsed together on the bed, matching smiles across their faces. They lay like that for a long time before Dean finally shuffled to the bathroom to clean himself off. Castiel watched him go, smiling at the sight of such a beautiful man. When he got back Castiel scooped him up in his arms and buried his head in the other man’s hair, breathing in the sweaty-sweet smell of him. With Dean’s head on his chest, arms wrapped around each other, everything seemed to be right. He ran his fingers through the short brown hair, and closed his eyes.
“Yes, pretty,” he pushed a third finger inside Dean’s needy hole, thrusting so gently it made the man tremble beneath him. “Make you stain them white.”
Thank so much for reading and for putting up with such a long wait between chapters! I'm really glad you guys like it, you have no idea.
When they went to bed that night, he lay awake for hours stroking a hand through the man’s hair as he rested against his chest. It was so strange to go to sleep together without anything sexual transpiring between them, so strange to want that. He closed his eyes and tried to calm his nerves about the impending morning, tried to savor every second spent in the company of the beautiful man in his arms.
“Who the hell is helping you? Tell me now or I swear, Cas, I’ll arrest you right here and put the whole damn department under investigation.”
“Yeah, us or whatever. You ‘n me.” He smiled bashfully, brushing the hair from Castiel’s forehead. “I mean, if you wanted there to be an us. There doesn’t have to be, or anything. I’d like there to be but.” He laughed a bit, “Sorry, I’m uh, not very good at this kinda stuff.”
Dean gripped his cock and Castiel shut his eyes with the pleasure of it. Before his brain could even process what was happening, Dean was positioning himself above Castiel’s dick and slowly pushing the head inside him. As he sunk down on Castiel, he murmured, “You’re so—uh, strong,” he gasped as he bottomed out, “p-powerful” he moaned, rocking his hips slightly, “and good.”
“You think I’m not aware of the dangers?” He snapped, eyes darting back to make sure Dean was still completely asleep. When he spoke again his voice was a harsh whisper, “That I didn’t consider the consequences for everyone?”
There was a long pregnant pause in the room and he realized belatedly that it was the grave force behind his own words that seemed to stop all motion and sound. Finally, after what felt like minutes, Dean looked away, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. “Jeez, Cas. Tell us how you really feel.” He muttered.
Benny sighed, head shaking slightly. “Alright, alright. Put the doe eyes away, Bambi. I’ll go tell Kevin to make the call.”
He stayed doing paperwork for a few more hours, refusing to leave until Bobby actually kicked him out. “Go home, kid.” He said sternly, “You’re running yourself ragged for no good reason. Alastair ain’t wakin’ up anytime soon and ‘till then, we got nothing.”
