The very last thing Dean wanted was for Spencer to hurt Cas beyond what Dean or Cas himself could repair, and for Cas to hate Dean for the rest of his existence. That was the biggest fear running rampant through Dean’s mind. If he didn’t have self control he would have started the car already, and sped off to Chuck knows where and probably screwed up Sam’s tracking.
Dean grunted softly, raising his hand and resting it on Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel’s worried gaze met Dean’s, shifting into one of shock. “Don’t go begging for me to live yet, Cas. I still got a good long while to go.” Dean coughed, smirking at Castiel weakly.
Spencer smiles back, and it’s obvious he wants to claw Dean’s face off. He takes his hand away and nods his head in understanding. “Well, this is Castiel and I’s bedroom.” Spencer clarifies, enunciating the I very sarcastically. Dean nods and plays along.
“Yes, Sam! So at least we know what the hell hurts him.” Dean expressed, pulling his collar back up and letting his hands fall to his sides. “Sam, the message fits Spencer too. ‘Stay away, if you value your life’, Spencer wanted me away from Cas. So he took that victim and decided to leave me a message while he was at it. Sam, his nails are freaking long! And they hurt like a bitch!” Dean expresses, holding up a finger and pointing it at Sam as he spoke. Sam rolled his eyes and continued pacing.
Dean chuckled as he entered his workplace twenty minutes earlier than usual. It was just how any night was going to go. Since he had the 'finest pair of bowlegs' the manager had seen, he was hired on the spot. Apparently the gay men that frequented the bar enjoyed having something to  look at. Dean didn't mind. It was a good job. It paid greatly. And it gave him experience with 'certain' types of customers.
“Well it seems Spencer used even earlier versions of runes. I haven’t looked at this version of them in years. I need a refresher. So if you’ll let me, I can get you that message.” Mark grumbled as he turned his attention back towards the book and the note.
“What? That…That’s really weird. Guess we’re dealing with some Norse mythology monster with a revenge list.” He jokes, getting a stare from Spencer. Dean turns his head and looks at Spencer, wanting to test him, annoy him maybe.
“That was not what you were going to say.” Dean says, his voice cracking as he stares heartbroken at Cas. a part of him is relieved that Castiel doesn’t have to risk being hurt by him anymore, But most of him felt as if he had been betrayed by Castiel again.
“Hey, Dean, right? Cas had told me a lot about you.” Spencer says, using what Dean could tell was a fake grin. Fake asshole, Dean thought. “And your brother Sam, of course. About your hunts together.” Spencer clarifies, standing at the door, almost not letting Dean in.
“Cas… don’t play dumb. I heard you guys. Two days ago. I came back early from the library. I heard Spencer moaning. I put the pieces together. Just tell me that. Please.” Dean begged, looking into Castiel’s eyes again with a desperate look. Castiel looks down at Dean’s feet, then he turns his head back up towards Dean.
Behind him, a man with a fading hairline, a skinny chin and a goatee looked at him almost hungrily. He snickered and chuckled. He then began speaking in a language that Dean could hardly understand. But he could pick up that it was Latin.
Dean forced himself to maintain the gentle and loving smile on his face. But in his head he was cursing himself. He could have done so much worse, and so much better with Castiel. But Dean knew he could never truly give Castiel what he truly wanted. A normal life. Spencer could. He was a forensic scientist, and Castiel had a freakin house with him. With Dean? Castiel never found the bunker home. At least, that was what Dean gathered from his attitude and his opinion of the bunker. Always thought that Dean and Sam deserved someplace better.
“Cas, I promise, I wasn’t heading back to Lebanon-” Dean promises, holding out his hand to pause Castiel’s long charade. Castiel instead cut him off, shaking his head in annoyance.
“Anyway, the case has already had four victims. Uh... my contact says that the bodies were found with crushed skulls, drained blood, and shrivelled skin-” Sam began to explain, looking off of his notes to get the information across as well as he hoped.
Dean didn't leave time for questions as he quickly turned away and began his trek to the stairs that lead to the private room. It was blocked off for anyone who didn't have the key, so Dean was pretty safe from perverts at least.
Castiel looks over at Dean through the corner of his eye as he turns away, unable to look at Dean in the eye. And all of a sudden Dean felt like the tables were turned. At first, when he first came and was surprised that Castiel was here, he was unable to look Cas in the eye. But now that things had semi gone back to normal, Castiel was the one unable to look at Dean.
Dean sighed once more, blowing a puff of air out of his nose and taking the plate. "Got it." He says, carrying the plate across the bar towards the designated table.
Castiel watches in horror as he watches Dean stalk towards the door. He doesn’t know this feeling, but it’s coming on strong and he can’t stop the tears that escape his eyes. Spencer immediately pulls Castiel into his arms, being the protective boyfriend he was.
Once Castiel noticed Dean he stopped talking about Spencer. He instead focused his attention on the incoming Winchester. Dean quickly forced a firm line on his face, knowing that was more believable than any fake smile he could muster after the previous night filled with alcohol and tears.
A sudden surge of pain to Dean's ass had him yelping in surprise, and made him turn his head in shock.
From where Dean had casted his eyes, he could see Castiel was still dressed in his messy trench coat from earlier. He didn’t look like he’d just got done having kinky sex with Spencer. But Dean shrugged it off. Castiel could blink and his clothes would be off. Not that Dean had experience with that…
Dean shook his head and pinched the bridge of his nose. He sighed deeply and stood up straighter, walking back over to Sam. “So? Any ideas? You and Cas did go out and get that food for us. Did you see any places that looked abandoned? Maybe a warehouse or something? Monsters seem to like those places.” Dean suggested, crossing his arms impatiently.
Dean’s thoughts raced in his head. What if the monster had attacked Sam? Or Cas? He knew Sam and himself had O negative, if that theory was even true, but he didn’t know Jimmy’s blood type. So Castiel could be a victim. And Dean was not about to lose him again due to his own faults. He wasn’t going to lose him. Not today.
Castiel chuckled, taking Dean’s chin and tilting his face back towards Castiel’s. “You are mine, Dean. No matter how much you push me away, I am not going to give up what’s mine. Never again.” Castiel says in a dark and serious tone, with hints of seductive pangs to it. At this, Castiel unzips Dean’s jeans, and looks up into Dean’s eyes, his blue and lust blown eyes searching his being for the warding and for Dean’s permission.
“Well yeah, Cas. Cause apparently, all we can do is keep secrets from each other!” Dean reminds, his eyes wide and sarcastic. Castiel’s grace died a little and he calmed down a bit. Dean had been right. He had done the same thing to the elder Winchester just the night prior.
Mark raised an eyebrow at Castiel, eyeing his hand on Dean. “I’m Mark, Dean and I met at the library yesterday. I helped him translate that message you are all working on for that case.” Mark clarifies, smirking at Dean. Dean knew that look. Mark was teasing him. He knew about how Dean had looked at Castiel. And what he’d been doing with Mark. Teasing was just unfair.
“Still Cas, I sucked. Whether he cheated or not I was terrible, Cas. I know you faked enjoying it. You just wanted to know how to do it and then you didn’t need me, but you felt bad about it.” Dean assumed, running his hand through his hair, not looking at Castiel’s darkening expression. “I had never been a submissive before, Cas. So I sucked. I’ve always been on top… Cause it’s always been women. The only reason women ever want me is for a one-night stand. There’s too much baggage for them to want to stick around. I guess I’m just glad that you got away from me when you did, or else you’d be stuck with me-” Dean says, blinking away more tears. Castiel finally grabs Dean’s shoulders and turns him around, pressing him up against the wall.
Dean sighed and called the number back, pinching his nose and groaning. This had better be worth it.
Castiel blushes and nods, looking down in embarrassment. “Yes he is. He makes time for me. He even brought home flowers for me after his work a few days ago after we started the hunt. I didn’t even expect them.” Castiel smiled, his eyes flashing Sam a look full of endearment for the aforementioned cologne swimmer.
As soon as he finished his thought, he found himself in front of the private room's door. It was a dark, navy blue. It contrasted with the bright red paint that covered the walls around it. Like it was supposed to be seen as important enough to stand out.
Spencer blew out a puff of air as he got annoyed. Castiel reaches over and squeezes his hand. “It’s alright, Spencer. Getting us into the Forensic’s office is enough help.” He promises, hugging Spencer’s body close. Dean rolled his eyes at the view. He looked away, trying to continue to shove his incoming tears down.
Dean rolled his eyes again and approached the bar, sighing. Tonight would be busy. Not that he minded.
Dean woke up to a voice echoing his name. Dean’s eyes burst open almost instantly, his vision blurry from the presence of his tears. Dean sat up on the couch, as he realized he was awake again. He looked around for a moment, his chest heaving from his sobbing. Then he began to see clearer, and he felt like the bible characters that had seen an angel, because as his eyes adjusted, all he could see was Castiel.
“S-sorry Cas… I didn’t mean to interrupt anything… Just these ol’ nightmares have a mind of their own…” Dean jokes, wiping his eyes and looking away again. The weight of Castiel slightly on his legs still sent part of Castiel’s buzzing touch through him, even if it was slight.
“Yeah, yeah that’s my name. I’m good now. I uh… can I come in?” Dean asks, shoving his shaking hands into his pockets. “Or am I banished from seeing my old best friend again?” Dean asks in a half teasing half serious tone.
Hey! Uh... Warnings for my readers who would much rather not have to read smut! The smut starts at the line; "Then yes." and ends at "Thank you Dean..."
Dean nodded, slightly annoyed. “Then what the hell are we still standing here for? Let’s go.” Dean hissed at Sam, beginning to make his way towards the exit, but not before getting a second ‘shush’ thrown his way.
Sam rolled his eyes again. “Dean, calm down man. Please. We’re gonna find him. I promise. I just gotta focus on this translator thing. Maybe see if you can find anything inside? A book, maybe?” Sam asks with his puppy eyes again. Dean curses and rolled his eyes.
Dean rolled his eyes away from Castiel as he mentioned Spencer. Of course he did, more people to show Castiel off to. Though that move is something Dean would have done as well, he wouldn’t deny that. “Maybe he just wants to be thorough, ‘monster could be anybody.” Dean says sarcastically, looking away from Castiel as he set up his last chair.
“Fuck-!” Dean pants, his ass pushing back further as he squeezes his eyes shut again, imagining Castiel in the place of Mark. Dean has to catch himself before he moans Castiel’s name out loud. He quickly changes it to Mark’s name, though he feels sinful doing so. As if what he was doing wasn’t sinful enough.
Dean cursed under his breath, his hand reaching up and rushing through the short strands of his dirty blond hair. “Then how the hell are we supposed to find him? It’s not like we have enough of his grace for a tracking spell!” Dean exclaimed harshly, getting a harsh ‘shush’ thrown his way. Dean rolled his eyes and looked back at his brother, giving him an impatient look.
Dean couldn’t fight the smirk on his face as he made his way towards the Impala. He was feeling victorious. And he felt he had the right to celebrate. He’s just pissed off Spencer, and he barely even did a thing. Though the downside was that he was literally going to be staying in the same flipping house as this monster. Dean didn’t say this was a smart idea.
Dean snapped his head towards Sam and shook his head. “No, I got this, alright? Just… hold on.” He insists, gripping the steering wheel after he turns Baby on and gets her into gear. He can do this. Castiel will be okay. He just had to keep telling himself that.
Spencer growled and turned his head, looking towards Castiel. “But you know what happened instead? One of your little angels in the garrison spotted us together and reported us. They had me smited on principle. All I can remember is Esther calling out my name before I was killed, and I felt all of my body being torn apart.” Spencer snarled, gripping onto Castiel’s arms and getting into his face. “So you can imagine that when over a century later I reawaken and I find out that when us norse men die before our time in battle, we can come back as what the hunters call revenants. But we are so much more than that. We have to feed to stay alive. Keep our bodies intact. What better starting group of people than those who were descendants of the clan members that killed my village?” Spencer suggests, smirking at Castiel again. He let’s go of Castiel’s arms, and Castiel can feel the recoil of Spencer’s sudden strength of his grip leaving Castiel’s arms. He gasps silently, his mouth agape as he feels his arms ache from the pressure.
Spencer came down the stairs behind him, smirking slightly as he buttoned his shirt, like he planned on going to work. Castiel came into the living room fuming, his eyes hinting at a glaring blue. He looked at Sam, and gestured for him to leave with his head. Sam gave Cas a very confused look, glancing over at Spencer, who had on a shoulder brace. Typical for him to make it worse than it was.
Sam joined Dean soon after, his eyes widening as he too looked over the small shattered phone and the note attached to it. He looked over at Dean and again put his hand on his shoulder.
Spencer scoffs. “You really think their heritage has anything to do with it? I thought you were an experienced hunter? What would heritage really have to do with it? More than blood type? When comparing the two, blood type would be more important to know.” Spencer criticizes. Dean widened his eyes and looked up at Spencer. This man was getting on his last nerve. Dean refrained from saying anything, just as he heard Castiel huff and grab Spencer’s shoulder.
Dean jolts up in bed again, looking around the unfamiliar room and slightly panicking. Where was he? How did he get here? His mind swarms with thoughts until he hears the gentle, consistent buzz of a cell phone. Then Dean remembers. And the pain in his ass remembers. Dean sighed and swung his tired legs out of the bed. He was thankful that Mark had wanted to help, but Dean really regretted what he did. Sure, Cas was with Spencer. But he was betraying what he did have with Cas by not telling him he was leaving. That at least would have been somewhat kind to do. Then he could have made their relationship still repairable when Cas found out he had another one-night stand.
“Well you could at least teach him what he needs to look for. Not damn blood types. Vamps and monsters do not care what flipping blood you got rushing through you, just that you got some.” Dean huffs in a less harsh tone. This was finally him. The hunter that Dean knew. At least now he could focus on the hunt and not how Castiel looked at him so pitifully.
Castiel smiled at the two of them, hugging Sam at first in greeting. “Thank you for coming, Sam. I am way in over my head on this case, I appreciate the offer of help.” He says with a smile. That damn smile. Dean can feel his heart thumping in his chest as it skips a beat. Of course he’d still have that reaction. The man is literally gorgeous.
“No that was definitely fucking stupid. But did you see that?! Spencer’s eyes literally glowed red! Not that dead ass green color his eyes were before, Sam! Cas is in danger you gotta-” Dean starts to ramble, a feeling and a drive to protect what had once been his filled his every need. Sam rolled his eyes and slammed Dean against the outer wall of the police station.
Dean widened his eyes, his mouth agape as he listened to Castiel’s rant. He’s never had someone defend him like that. It made his heart flutter for a moment before it fell again, remembering that Castiel was not breaking up with Spencer. Just fighting with him.
“Don’t move too quickly, your body will force you to vomit.” a voice says, gruff but still full of care. Dean looked up from where he had been sitting, and he found Castiel sitting in a chair across from the couch, reading a lore book. Dean rolled his eyes slightly, mainly just confused. Why was he here? Why wasn’t he back on that patch of grass he’d passed out on?
Dean caught a glimpse of the body first. It was like Spencer had described before. The skin was impossibly shrivelled. His hair was gray and barely even the dark ginger that it had been. And the skull was crushed.
Castiel sighed and nodded, shrugging slightly. Dean could feel the awkward tension was thick between them. Sam or Dean could cut it with a knife. “It’s quite alright, Dean. I understand that you needed your space.” Castiel assures, his body moving a little closer to Spencer.
Dean was completely confused. But the one thing he knew for sure was that a, Spencer was definitely the monster. B, he had to be a norse monster otherwise how the hell did he write the language on the back of the victim that he had killed when he hadn’t been able to get to Dean. Guess Dean had been lucky to have had a mental breakdown.
What had even happened? All he remembered was running off to get away from Sam and from Cas, his breathing getting shallow and restricted, his chest beginning to hurt, the officer… Then it clicked. Dean cursed and put his head in his free hand. All he was doing was causing himself more pain by being here. By trying to be ‘happy’ for Cas. Well he’s not. 100 points to Captain Obvious.
“Dean Michael Winchester, I have never stopped loving you.” Castiel leaned into his ear, whispering his response. Dean shivered again at how close Cas was to his ear. He had his answer.
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows. Of course he was talking about Dean. Dean hadn’t done anything wrong other than show up like Castiel had asked Sam to get Dean to do. It wasn’t in his plan for Sam to trick Dean into coming though.
"Seriously Benny? The private room?! But you only get assigned it every five or so times it's used. I've only been here what, two months?! Is it the new hot spot for rich people?" Dean asked, downing the shot in one. He earned a few whoops and hollers from behind him. Early drinkers.
Dean backed up against the couch, his vision finally clearing up enough for him to see Spencer with full red eyes and skin that was darkening to a grey, almost undead color. The white’s of his eyes turned black and his teeth seemed to grow longer. Whatever Spencer was, he was definitely the monster. But unfortunately, Dean didn’t know what the hell would kill him. Or Hel, why did Spencer refer to Hell as Hel? Wait, Norse mythology, nevermind.
Dean was shaken, but not without his hunter’s instinct. He knew that silver at least harmed him. Now Dean just had to figure out what he was up against, convince Sam and Cas that Spencer was what he was, and kill him. That was a checklist longer that it seemed. But he had to do it.
Sam raised an eyebrow at his brother. “Buncombe County. In Asheville Carolina?” He reminds, holding his mug of now colder coffee close to his lips. Dean had been forgetting things recently. At first Sam wanted to shrug it off. But now that it became such a consistent occurrence, he couldn’t ignore it.
Castiel remembered that when he turned Spencer around, Spencer sounded annoyed, almost surprised that Castiel had come to find him again. Like he’d planned for him to be more upset and to be crying. Castiel again, didn’t understand that part yet.
Which now led Castiel to now. Why Spencer had truly kidnapped him, was something of a confusing topic for Castiel. He didn’t know why Spencer would resort to this. It wasn’t like they’d been together for long. Though Dean had told Castiel before that there were types of people who were just like monsters: obsessive and possessive of what they deem to be theirs. Mainly people. Or angels in this case.
“Worse, actually. I wake up screaming sometimes. Good thing Sam is such a deep sleeper.” Dean says as he looks up at the wall, trying to find every excuse not to look into Castiel’s eyes. Because he didn’t want to risk seeing Castiel’s reaction if he ended up hurting the angel again. And he couldn’t bear to face what he’d done.
Castiel growled. "I thought I asked you not to throw those. At least not with me in the general vicinity." He hissed.
When he turned around, his eyes met dead green again. He sighed, still not off the edge as he saw Spencer. “Hey... uh just seeing which room is Sam’s. Think I might’ve left something with him. So forgetful.” He immediately lies, rubbing his neck and putting on the fakest smile that he’s ever seen.
Castiel took a step closer to Dean, his hand reaching out to him. “Dean, you don’t mean-” He starts in a calm voice. Dean swats Castiel’s hand away and he growled at him.
Benny sighed. "Well, your phone kept ringing off the hook when you left it here. Since you had such a rough night, I'll let you take an early night off. Go ahead, call whoever needed to speak to ya so badly. Just don't be late tomorrow. Ya hear?" He teases, smirking at Dean.
“How Cas?! How?! Cause right now you ain’t doing a damn good job of it!” Dean exclaims, snarling as he looks into Castiel’s eyes. Castiel stared into Dean’s eyes as his hand twitched. He was so tempted to break Dean’s warding with his grace just to read his true emotions. To be able to truly help him. To tell him that maybe he wants to try again. As long as Dean was willing to let Castiel help him.
Dean was about to bring it up to Sam when Mark sat back and waved Sam over, glaring annoyedly at Dean for sitting so close to him on the desk. Dean flipped him off and hopped off the edge of the desk. Dean stood next to Mark, his hand on the chair as he leaned closer to him.
“Because you’re-!” Castiel yells, cutting himself off. The rest of the phrase echoes in his mind. Taunting him, reminding him of what he so desperately wanted to say. To tell Dean how impossibly jealous he was. He was the one who knew Dean best. He was the one who put him back together after raising him from hell. He knew him better than anyone. Castiel had claimed him. He was his.
Castiel stands almost emotionless behind this, watching as Spencer tortured Dean for fun. Internally, Castiel was banging against an almost invisible wall of control, kicking and screaming for Spencer to let Dean go. But on the outside he still remained stoic.
Dean let himself fantasize what it will be like once he goes home to the bunker. He’ll be able to go back, clean up his disgusting room, buy a ton more liquor, and drink himself to death. Maybe then he’ll be able to feel something other than these feelings. Even if it’s just more pain from being on the rack.
Castiel’s eyes immediately darkened the rest of the way, and he grasped at the hem of Dean’s shirt, pulling it up and over his head. He moved his hands to Dean’s waist, and his grace to Dean’s crotch. “Turn around,” Castiel huskily commands. Dean blushed brightly and nodded, turning his body and pressing himself against the wall. Dean used his hands to brace himself against the wall, waiting for what Castiel had planned for him.
Dean didn’t know how to feel. He knew he was in danger. Dean had an itching feeling the monster was Spencer. Why else would the monster write ‘Stay away, if you value your life’? It was just all clicking. The smell and the cologne, Spencer’s eyes, Spencer’s behavior against all of the evidence that he was collecting that didn’t actually mean anything, it all was connected. Spencer was some kind of creature. Dean knew it. But what he was, Dean didn’t know. He hadn’t heard of any type of monster that would leave a human bite mark instead of ripping out their throats like vamps. Or of any monster other than revenants that left an undead smell. Dean was going to have to do more of his own research, that he knew. He couldn’t let Spencer know. If he did? Well, then he was sure Mark’s warning would come true. Even then, what if it was all just coincidence? And Spencer wasn’t the monster? And Dean was just jealous? Dean doubted the lesser.
“You can’t. You won’t. People are watching.” Mark reminds, smirking as he thought he’d won. Dean shoves him harder against the wall.
“What?” Castiel asked, getting closer to Dean and putting a hand on his shoulder. Dean shrugged it off, wiping away his tears.
"But they're underlings. they're supposed to do what we want." Lucifer whined, throwing a dart at the dart board in the corner.
Mark’s tender fingers wrapped around Dean’s boxer briefs and tugged them off hurriedly, tossing them across the almost empty room. Mark followed this by his own pair, and began to grind his hips against Dean’s ass, teasing him with his length. Dean’s eyes rolled back as he felt Mark’s length. He was gifted, but a part of Dean knew he wasn’t Cas. Jimmy Novak was one blessed man.
Eyes stared at him for a few moments, Especially Castiel’s. Then Spencer spoke up, “Shouldn’t we have a plan first? Like some plan in case this guy comes back? I’m not putting Castiel in danger.” Spencer says, glaring at Dean like he was trying to prove a point. Dean bites the inside of his cheek once more, fighting the urge to retort back an insult, mainly revolving around the guy’s cologne usage.
The room immediately had a run down factory feel to it. The walls were lined with graffiti and blasphemes, while others were lined with symbols.  Castiel couldn’t get the detection of rust and the beginnings of mold out of his head. His vessel was still breathing. Habit.
A nearby heavy door creaked open, and Castiel immediately tried to rev up his grace enough to break through the ties. However, as soon as he tried, he felt a force of pain run through him. Spencer had warded the place. No wonder he felt such a headache.
At the mention of the message, Castiel and Sam straightened out. Castiel sighed and looked up at Dean. “What did it say, Dean?” He asks, sitting away from the back of the chair. Dean laid the book down and sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose.
Sam’s eyes slightly widened as he looked at the wound again, stepping forward hesitantly to inspect the wound further than he had earlier that morning. His hand briefly touched the scab that had covered Dean’s cut and he widened his eyes further. The rest of the house had been locked. How else would the monster have gotten in?
Castiel himself began to get a tight knot in his stomach, and he knew he was close. He sped up his grace on Dean’s length and gripped Dean’s waist once more with both of his hands. Dean moaned much louder, his toes curling as he could feel his release building up inside of him. He was just so damn close, he could almost taste it.
Dean rolled his eyes and stepped forward, getting into Castiel’s face. “And I didn’t! And I sent a text to Sam last night! So I wasn’t putting a ‘random hook-up’ over you.” Dean grumbled, making air quotes. “Why do you care anyway? You have Spencer. Sam is a good listener. You don’t need me. Why does it matter to you that yeah, maybe I did have a one-night stand with Mark?” Dean asks, tilting his head as Castiel’s eyes flash an angry blue.
“You have been mine since I first put you together, Dean. I do not care if you are a good, or a bad bottom. All I care about is if I’m able to make you come. Hear you say my name, and know that the only thing in all of existence that can make you feel this way is me.” Castiel says in a gravelly and seductive voice.
Dean shook his head. What was he thinking? He was drunk. He wasn’t thinking clearly. Nor was he breathing correctly. He wasn’t going to let himself give up like that. The old Dean inside of him still had pride. And his pride wouldn’t let him go like this. Not by his own hand.
Castiel narrows his eyebrows. “You’ve warded your soul and mind against me.” He announces, making Sam turn and give Dean a surprised and annoyed look. Dean sighed and ignored Castiel’s declaration.
Sam nods, looking towards Dean and Castiel, gesturing with his hands as he makes his list. “Well, maybe make sure we pack a little of everything? Tomorrow is the barbeque. The thing could strike. Make sure we use silver utensils, put salt in the food, all the normal things. That way we can tell if this thing is weakened by anything.”
Dean swallowed a hard sob in his throat and he firmed his expression, shoving the beer bottle into Spencer’s hand before he walked away, fast-walking towards the couch to grab what he could. He couldn’t stay anymore. He knew he’d promised Castiel but he couldn’t. Spencer was unrelenting and he just needed to get away.
Sam sighed, gripping the silver knife in his hand. He raised it to show Dean, his eyes widened in shock. “What the hell Dean? You threw a bloody freaking knife at me! What’s gotten you so tense?” Sam asks, holding the knife away from Dean. Dean grumbled, reaching up and trying to grab the knife frantically away from Sam.
“Sam… not now, please. My head is pounding…” He grumbled, rubbing his forehead. Sam scoffed, rolling his eyes and looking up at the ceiling.
“Dean, I’m glad you’re telling me-” Castiel starts, taking a step forward towards Dean. Dean’s eyes are casted towards the floor, his chest rising and falling in quick succession.
“Spencer, you of all people know that I am an angel. Not many things can harm me. Plans are good, yes, that was a valid point, but when there are people on the crime scene, it is harder to actually gather evidence. With the presence of other people, I doubt our monster will strike in the same place twice.” Castiel assures his boyfriend, who rolls his eyes and looks away.
“Cas-! F-fuck… Ngh-! Please-” Dean begs, feeling Castiel’s oh so familiar length against his entrance. He was growing desperate. His cock was hard, and raised high against his belly. Castiel already had him leaking precum from the work-up.
“Hey Cas. Hey Sam. You missed quite the porno marathon last night. So, who was it this time?” Dean asks, shoving his hands into his pockets as he lied about what he’d done the previous night. It wasn’t like either of them could read him and see that he was suffering from a harsh hangover. Castiel seemed to be inspecting him, almost trying to pick apart the pieces of his soul that Dean had made sure after Castiel had left to get clouded, warded against any angel seeing his deepest feelings. Even pesky archangels that want to try and read him for a weakness.
“I’m leaving. Or at least I…” Dean starts, sighing halfway through. No. No Spencer wasn’t going to win. But Dean knew he was going to riot if he stayed here any longer. Dean turned his head and looked up at Mark. His eyes were so much like Cas’s. They were almost made of the same care, the same kind storm. And it made Dean’s knees buckle.
“Probably Spencer’s spell. Cas did say something before about Naomi taking away his memories a few times. Maybe he could read them cause the memory of being able to read them was taken away?” Dean suggested, giving Sam a very uncertain look. Sam raised an eyebrow at Dean, a slight smirk tugging at his lips. Dean rolled his eyes. “I don’t know, I’m grasping at straws here!” He hisses in response.
“Yeah! Sammy! Cause that damn monster attacked me last night! I’ve been trying to find out what the hell he is!” Dean growled. “But apparently silver hurts him. That’s what the blood is from, Sam.” Dean says exasperatedly. Sam’s eyes widened immediately as he heard his brother’s story, forgiving him of his need to have the knife close.
Dean sucked in a deep breath and looked at Sam defeated. “Fine. One hour. If he hates me before that time, we’re leaving.” He warns. Sam smiled sympathetically at his brother, happy to see him finally giving it a try.
Sam gulped and put his hands on his hips. “Well… we gotta figure out who this monster is. Then we can figure out who exactly this message is for. Protect them. Cause it’s obvious they’re on this monster’s kill list.” Sam says, his eyebrows tilting up in worry. Castiel sighed and stood up, standing near Dean.
Dean began to pick up what he could of his things, before a familiar face came into the living room. Mark rushed over to Dean, confused as to what was going on. “Hey… Hey Dean what are you doing?” Mark asks, moving Dean’s shoulder and making him look at him. Dean shoved Mark’s hands off, no matter how soothing he found them.
Dean grumbled as he rubbed his eyes free from sleep, ignoring the obvious wet spot where it was clear he’d been crying in his sleep again. He’s gotta stop doing that, he thinks as he rubs the evidence away too. Every night Dean’s been hoping he won’t wake up. That this day would be his last to suffer through the pain he’s been obviously hiding behind an impenetrable wall that keeps getting taller and taller. That he won’t have to go out and pretend to be okay. When he knows it’s obvious he’s not. The scattered bottles of empty liquor around his room is enough proof of that on it’s own.
I feel kinda stupid. I know It's been forever since the last update, and I promise I'll get the last chapter in tomorrow. Or the day after. Thank you all to those of you who have been reading and commenting on this work, it means a lot to me.
“Not to mention you only spent any time with Dean because Spencer paid you. So you’re going to translate this note for us, help us find Cas. Then maybe, we won’t turn you in for literally buying Dean for a service.” Sam sneered, pushing the sticky note in front of Mark. “That would ruin your credibility as a businessman, wouldn’t it? So I suggest you do as we tell you.” Sam glared. Mark gulped softly and nodded, very annoyed with the brothers.
A police officer was stepping away from the scene with a note-pad filled with witness reports and he looked up to see Dean running away from the scene. The officer instead of minding his own business, stepped in front of Dean and cleared his throat. “Excuse me, but this killing only happened a half hour ago. I have to question everyone.” The officer started. Dean rolled his eyes, his chest beginning to heave and his heart began to pound a mile a minute. He could literally hear the blood roaring in his ears, and it was getting harder to breathe. He didn’t have time for this.
Benny sighed in annoyance. "Heya Kelly, what've you come to brag to us this time?" He asked, not wanting to know the answer.
Castiel found himself longing for what they had. Longing to hold Dean longer, to have more time to just hold him. To heal him of all of his wounds, search through all that was permitted of him and ease his worries, calm him with his grace and lull him back to sleep with an enochian lullaby. All as they used to do. And Castiel would watch over him, as he used to do.
“Because that motel is known for break-ins. And besides, he’s my friend. I wasn’t going to risk him killing himself with one of his guns he carries or by some other means. You need to understand that I have more people in my life than just you. Why are you surprised I am concerned about one of my friends?” Castiel asks, staring almost literal daggers at Spencer.
"You can set that there. We will notify you if we need anything." The voice assured him, belonging to a man who had a stubble and a grungy look. He wore a black trenchcoat with a tan suit underneath. He wore a blue tie that seemed to be inside out. His hair was a brown black color, his eyes a pale blue.
Dean grumbled, growling a bit as he tried and failed to get the book back from Sam. Dean rolled his eyes and stood up, grabbing the book from Sam’s grip. “Yeah, I am. Cause that freaking message freaked me out, alright?” Dean admitted, closing the book again.
Dean circled around the perimeter of the building and walked into the library, immediately noticing the large group of students ‘studying’ around the YA section. He rolled his eyes, “Yeah, go enjoy your twilight while I’m trying to save you from something much scarier than a sparkly vampire.” He grumbled under his breath, getting a harsh ‘SHH!’ from a nearby librarian with the tip of the nose glasses and all. Dean rolled his eyes and made his way up the stairs, spotting the section that said in big, bold letters ‘History and Myths’.
An officer stepped over, raising an eyebrow at Dean. “Sir? Why are you here? We saw you at the police station yesterday in the jail cell. This is a crime scene.” The officer says. Dean nodded, pulling out his badge.
Dean furrowed his eyebrows and held up a hand. “Woah woah wait, your ‘contact’?” Dean asks, irritated.
“I apologize, I’m so used to giving it out when meeting clients. They don’t think I’m a CEO right away. Though many people consider that to be bullshit.” Mark says, making Dean raise an eyebrow at Mark’s laid back words. He wasn't what Dean expected a CEO to be. Dean usually considered CEOs evil. Mainly cause the only one he’d ever met had turned out to be a leviathan in disguise.
Castiel sighed, gasping again once Spencer let go and flexed his hands. He looked back over at Castiel like he was trash, like he was just another pawn to him. “You really want this Castiel? You want me to put this spell over you again like a child that needs to behave rather than being the mature one and helping me out? I can help you in return. I can get dear ol’ Dean to love you again, run straight back into your arms and he’d never leave.” Spencer offers, smirking at Castiel and at his offer.
Castiel rolled his eyes. He crossed his arms and stared at the two men. “I found him near a cliff, you two. He drank himself to alcohol poisoning that I had to clear up. He had a broken bottle nearby. So, was he really just in need of some time alone?” Castiel asked, surprising Dean with the defense. Dean looked up straight away, blinking a few times.
In the corner of the room was a mirror and a dresser in between two windows. In the center of the room was a white comforter covered bed. Dean grumbled softly. Copycat, he thought.  He ventured deeper into the room and spies on the right wall, a door. He assumed it to be the closet. Castiel didn’t seem to change his clothing much. Dean hadn’t changed what he was wearing most of the time he’d stayed here. Just a change of jacket here and there and then the FBI suit he had to wear.
“Because Dean! You shouldn’t have been out that late anyway! I-” Castiel paused, panting for a moment. “We needed you here in case the monster DID strike!” Castiel reminds. But his tone reminded Dean of how he sounded the day before, when he had scared Mark off. Was he jealous? Again?
“Because you’re too special to be giving yourself away like that.” Castiel rephrases. Dean scoffs and rolls his eyes, laughing sarcastically.
“We have a neighborhood barbeque scheduled in a few days, why don’t we wait till then? We will have all of the neighbors together then. Perhaps we can draw the monster out then?” Castiel suggests.
Dean’s heart ached for a moment. He was really going to see him again. Going to see him probably happy. Without him. Dean wasn’t ready. He knew it. Damn Sam and his stupid puppy eyes.
Dean grunts and grips his hair as he runs his fingers through it. He’d done it again. He let Castiel go. He should have gone after him sooner. Found him sooner. Now Spencer had full range to do whatever the hell he wanted with the angel unless he could find out where the hell they were and what the damn message said. Not unless, until. Dean was going to find his angel. That much was certain to him. No monster was going to take away his happiness again. Not even himself.
How was Dean ever supposed to get over Castiel if all he could do when he was him was immediately think of all the wrong he’d done and how he’d gotten himself stuck in this rut he was in? He knew he couldn’t. And that was his problem.
Dean sighed, crossing his arms and putting his face in his hand. “I don’t know how much longer I can do this Cas. Please, be honest with me. Stop lying to me. Just tell me the damn truth.” Dean begged, gesturing towards Castiel.
So Dean slowed down, but still was higher than the speed limit. He wasn’t about to let Spencer do anything drastic to get back at Dean once Cas started to confront Spencer about his cheating. ‘Cause how else would Cas find out if Dean was the only one home at the time that he was being unfaithful?
Castiel sighed and raised an eyebrow as Dean’s mouth opened to speak, and as his eyes met Spencer's he closed it, looking right back at the counter. That was strange. What could make Dean Winchester shut his mouth like that? Nothing could do that to the Dean he knew. Which is what confused him, and drew out the pang of hurt in his chest as he watched the elder Winchester.
Castiel sighed and looked towards Dean, gesturing that he was dismissed. Dean felt a rush of relief envelope him as he exited the room in a hurry of footsteps.
It had all happened so fast. Castiel remembered walking up to the forensics office right as Spencer was walking in. It was strange, given that Spencer had left almost an hour earlier. But Castiel had been so focused on ending the relationship that he hadn’t recalled that part.
Castiel moved back and looked up at Dean. “Oh, uh, of course Dean. It’s right down the hall, under the stairs.” He answers, his reassuring smile for Spencer falling as he looks at Dean. Dean swallows his disdain for how Castiel’s smile faltered and nods, walking away from them. He feels a glare in his back as he walks away, knowing it was Spencer. But if Dean was to be completely honest, he didn’t fucking care. Spencer could shove his cologne and ‘theories’ about blood types up his ass.
“Let me tell you a quick story, about a man and his angel.” Spencer began, causing Castiel to roll his eyes. “When I was truly alive, I was the outcast of my village. Scrawny, malnourished, the runt, etc. No one wanted to pay any dowry for me. So I was alone with my flocks of sheep. Then, the invading clans came and tortured and enslaved my village, but left me for dead.” Spencer ranted, circling Castiel’s chair while glaring at the angel. Castiel was annoyed. What did this monologue have to do with anything? Castiel couldn’t even remember that time of history, thanks to Naomi. Apparently he had been a naughty angel somehow. Getting too close to the humans in his charge, again.
His breath hitched as he heard a, in his opinion, very sexy, deep, and gravelly voice reply. "Come in." Dean took another breath and pushed the door open.
“So--Everything that happened between us that night, both nights. That doesn’t mean anything to you, Cas? Is he really better than me? He better fucking be cause I’m not letting you run down that road with that man. Someone else maybe. But not fucking him-!” Dean yelled at Cas, pointing towards the entrance. Castiel rolled his eyes and stood closer to Dean.
“It said something like ‘Stay away, if you value your life’. I know, it sounds--cheesy! But it creeped me out to translate that letter by letter.” Dean gruffly complained, picking up the burger from the take out container and biting into it.
Sam again widens his eyes at Castiel’s words, furrowing his eyebrows and looking at Dean in surprise. Spencer rolls his eyes again at Castiel, clearly not in the mood to argue. Dean forced back a growl. This guy had to be patient with Cas, not be short with him.
Dean sighed to himself, squeezing the steering wheel tightly. No one was around, what was holding him back from letting it all out? The guilt. That was what was holding him back. That if he cried now, he wouldn’t be able to stop. That when he got back to Castiel’s place the tears would be obvious and they’d suffocate him with attention he really didn't want. And he didn’t want them to help carry his burden. Especially if it was a burden he created in the first place.
Dean landed back onto the sheets with a huff, panting heavily as Mark did the same beside him. Dean groaned at the surging pain in his ass and the warmth that had settled in his core. Damn was Mark good, Dean thought for a second. But a feeling of deep regret soon replaced that warm feeling. And Dean felt his chest tighten hard. He felt a stab of pain in his chest and he felt like he was betraying his feelings.
Castiel turned his head and shoved Dean’s hand back towards him. “Really Dean? A phone number, how is that not what it looks like?” Castiel snarls, hurt and betrayal in his eyes. This made Dean confused. Didn’t Cas want him to move on? Stop being so hung over on Cas? Well he was trying. Now what did he want? Why did he look so upset besides the fact that he was gone all night? Maybe it was just worry, Dean hoped.
Mark chuckled again and leaned back, standing at the foot of the bed. He tugged off his jeans with a hungry lust and looked down at Dean hungrily. “Flip, I want to make you feel extra good.” He teases in a whisper.
“Really? Must you join the fun right now? I was just about to get to the fun part.” Spencer quips, turning his head and looking towards the entrance. Instead of finding who he thought he would, he finds Sam rushing through the doorway. Spencer raises an eyebrow. “Samuel, what are you doing here? I thought I gave you that new podcast to listen to? Don’t tell me your idiot of a brother ruined that for you?” Spencer asked, walking forward towards Sam with his still bloody and grey hands extended as if asking for a hug.
"Nope, not yet. How's that fund o' yours? You gotta pay off that loan somehow." Benny brings up. Dean groaned.
Castiel frowned, looking down at Dean with worry all over his face. He moves a stray strand of Dean’s slightly longer hair away from his face. “They are as bad as before, aren’t they?” Castiel asks cautiously. Dean half chuckled.
The morning of the hunt is like any other morning that Dean begrudgingly woke up to his alarm in the past six months. He woke up to the blaring noise of his phone’s alarm and sat up in bed. His eyes felt extremely heavy. Like someone had attached little weights to his eyelashes. Probably cause of all the nightmares.
“No, not really, but you really are a looker. I bet you get all the guys. Or girls, no discrimination here.” Mark says, holding his free hand up as if he was going to get caught of a crime and he insisted he was innocent.
Dean could hardly believe this was happening, his breathing was shallow and he was beginning to feel his pants become restrained. Dean closed his eyes tightly, and in his mind, he found himself imagining Mark as Cas. It was Cas kissing his chest, running his hands down his sides and making him shiver and mewl out a moan. It was Castiel who played with his nipples and bit down teasingly. But as he opened his eyes again, he felt his heart slightly sink when instead he saw Mark working at Dean’s jeans, grunting to himself.
So instead, he let go of the bathroom handle and he circled the stairwell, gripping the white painted railing as he began to climb the stairs. Each stair began to creak as he took each step, making his breath hitch as he climbed higher and higher. Sure, he had an alibi he was gonna use if he got caught, but how suspicious is it that he didn’t just use the bathroom?
Castiel’s shoulders untensed for a moment, almost like he’d forgotten all about Spencer and the rest of the party. And he’d gotten hyper-focused on Dean and his activities. Especially that he was flirting. “Dean, you don’t know him. How do you know if he could be the monster or not?” Castiel tried. Dean shrugged, rolling his eyes.
“Yeah. Probably from the mountains of alcohol you drank last night Dean. Porn marathon my ass, Dean. This whole thing was supposed to help you move on, not literally punch a police officer just because you were too pissed to answer a few damn questions-” Sam questions his brother, crossing his arms and scolding him. Dean growled. Sam planned this? Forced him to come here knowing he was going to hurt him? Bullshit.
Castiel didn’t know how, but he was no longer in control of his mouth, or his body as his voice echoed out into the room. “I don’t. I love you, not Dean.” Castiel felt physically sick as he heard the words get plucked from his mouth. He had gotten distracted, the spell took over.
Sam looked up at Dean through his now burning eyes and nods. “Yeah,” He groans. “Yeah lets go.” The two then head down the stairs, Dean more zealously than Sam. Can you blame him? He finally had Cas back. There was no way he was gonna lose him again.
“Leave, Cas.” Dean growled. Sam and Castiel’s eyes widened and immediately refocused on Dean in surprise, hoping he didn’t just say what he did.
Lips crashed into each other as Mark led Dean towards his bed. Dean’s body was pressed against Mark’s, their stumbling feet banging against each other as they backed up into the bed. Dean chuckled away from the kiss for a moment before Mark threw Dean onto the bed, climbing on top of him. Dean gasped heavily as Mark’s lips began to kiss feverishly up and down Dean’s bare chest.
Kelly sauntered over to the bar, her tight, full sexy angel lingerie squeezing around her body as she approached the three who were bent over the bar in a hunched group.
“Yeah, each of the victims, same cause of death. Each showed signs of a struggle before their heads were crushed. By bare hands.” Spencer adds. Sam widened his eyes and furrowed his eyebrows in complete confusion.
"Dean?" Dean heard Sam's voice on the other end of the line. Dean raised an eyebrow as he heard his brother's voice. The hell?
Dean waved to Benny, who ran the bar and was currently bent over the counter and conversing with a very attractive woman who'd been visiting the past couple weeks. Her name was Andrea. Dean supported them.
Dean sat back in his seat and chuckled to himself. “Well I guess they would when you walk around in a suit but talk like you’re twenty something.” Dean comments. Mark laughed again, making Dean’s chest tighten as he held his breath.
"Ugh, Benny, man don't bring that up. Bobby's being nice enough to let me pay my 'rent' late. But he's losing faith. Keeps bringing up the idea of me coming back to Lawrence. I'll be dead on the ground before I step foot back there." Dean swears, sighing as he settled into a seat at the bar.
That smile was fueling him, Dean decided. If he could get Castiel to smile, then he knew it was worth it. That he was making the right decision. He just hoped Spencer wouldn’t chase him away first.
“How would you feel, if I got inside you? Replaced what Mark left behind with what truly belongs inside of you?” Castiel asks, leaning into Dean’s neck and nipping teasingly at the now purpled skin. Dean shivered, backing his ass back against Castiel’s. He earns a chuckle in his ear as a response. “I’m taking that as a yes.” He teases as he makes quick work of Dean’s boxers and pulls them down with his pants at his ankles.
Benny chuckled. "I guess so. You're lucky you got a surrogate father so willing to pay your rent for a year and a half for you to get your start. I'd be lucky for my folks to even say they're proud o' me." Benny says, filling up a small shot of whisky and sliding it towards Dean. "Drink up. We got high-end customers coming sometime tonight. You're on the private room." Benny encourages.
Dean looks back towards Mark, walking over and sitting on the edge of the desk. He picks up one of the Norse Mythology books and opens it up. He notices a dog-eared page and flips the book open to that page. On that chapter in which was titled ‘Monsters; undead and otherwise’ had a picture that reminded Dean very much of how Spencer had looked when he had attacked him.
“Don’t assume my enjoyment, Dean. I very much enjoyed taking you apart and putting you back together again. I enjoyed having you underneath me, begging me to let you come. But when I wouldn’t, you would beg me so much, I just had to let you. You don’t understand, Dean. I’ve claimed you. The moment my grace connected with your soul in hell we were bonded. It is me, and only me who has control over your ecstasy.” Castiel whispered, leaning into Dean’s ear.
Sam sighed and looked at Castiel, hoping he’d answer for him. Castiel rolled his eyes and moved the phone away from his ear to answer Dean’s question. “There’s been another murder. At the motel you were staying at.” Castiel clarifies.
“What Spencer? What evidence did you find?” He asks, a smirk on his face. Spencer’s gaze turns towards him, sneering at him. Yeah asshole. You’re a liar too. Your reliability for Cas is running low, buddy.
“No, Cas, stop fucking healing me! I swear you’re like a mother hen! Suffocating me all the damn time! Why can’t you just let yourself regenerate without healing me? Huh? I ain’t six! I can heal on my own!” Dean growled, sneering at Castiel. Castiel had then responded with a sad look, and he had sighed as he began to try and argue his point.
Castiel sighed again, putting two fingers against Dean’s forehead, pushing his grace into him to help ease the hangover. “You may have hidden your deepest felt feelings from me Dean, but that does not mean I cannot heal you. That I cannot read you. When I was human I did that very well.” Castiel informs, his glare still one of care, but it was also a firm one. Dean’s breath hitched as he felt Castiel’s grace again, unable to even protest his healing before he performed it.
“No, in fact, I did not enjoy my time with you at all, Mark. You’re worse than my first. And he was terrible.” Dean barked lowly into Mark’s ear. Mark swallowed a huff and a snarl as Sam too got closer to his face.
“DEAN!!” He yelled. “Spencer literally covered for you! Show some kind of gratitude, man. This is getting out of hand.” Sam says with a sigh. “Why can’t you just believe that for once, Cas is happy?” Sam asks. Dean stops, and he glares at Sam, his chest beginning to tighten again as he felt the stab of Sam’s words. So he wasn’t ever truly happy with him? Sounds about right.
Slutty Kelly was a nickname they gave the woman who had approached them. If some patron was banned from the bar, they automatically blamed her. She craved sex with anyone of a position of power. She acted like a prostitute. And nobody did anything.
“Maybe. But no promises. Thanks though.” Dean says, giving Castiel his best apologetic look. Spencer seems to be pleased, smiling at both Castiel and Sam, ignoring Dean completely. Castiel smiles at Dean, glad that he could finally at least partially get through to him. Despite whatever was running through Dean’s head, Castiel still cared.
Dean woke up again to a bright light, hissing immediately at the harsh invasion. He covered his eyes, looking around to find himself lying against cushions, instead of grass like he had passed out on before. He grumbled and rubbed his eyes free from sleep, feeling yet again the trail of tears he’d left there overnight. He let out a soft ‘son of a bitch’ before he began to sit up, hissing when he felt his back and stomach protest from the quick movement.
Dean shrugged. “Why not? You guys should go get lunch, I’ll go get this translated. Then we’ll head back to Cas’s place and decipher what the message means. It’ll be as easy as pie, I’m sure.” Dean says, winking at Sam, and earning a groan in surprise. Dean smiled, and strangely it felt semi-natural. Like he hadn’t had to force it for once.
Nonetheless, he was prepared for it to be Spencer coming back for a second round. He hadn’t found anything that could kill him yet, but he figured that if maybe they got him with silver in the chest, like a bunch of other monsters, he’d die. Dean just hoped he was right. Still he had to try a machete to his head if it didn’t.
“We’ve only recently been able to see the victims. Test their blood types, anything that might connect them.” Spencer says, pulling off his glasses and cleaning them with his red t-shirt. Dean has to force a growl down as he can visibly see Spencer’s runner abs and muscles. His legs are amazingly sculpted. No matter how much Dean despised this man, he could mentally admit that he was better physically than Dean ever was. Dean’s own frown firmed, and the feeling of needing to cry tried to surface again. Dean swallowed the feeling and squeezed his eyes shut, taking a sharp and quick deep breath so as to not start sobbing or to let anyone know how he was feeling.
Castiel sighed and chuckled, leaning closer to Spencer and wrapping an arm around him. “Only two months. He’s only recently moved in here. His landlord was evicting him, so I offered him to stay with me.” Castiel says, looking at Spencer lovingly.
Sam rolled his eyes at Dean’s excuse, slightly believing that he had watched a porno the previous night. “Well, this one was a guy. His name was Thor of all things. He actually looked kinda like the guy who plays him in the movies. But with the added beer gut. He was a biker and he stood out from the others. We haven’t talked to the witnesses but apparently this guy had an ego.” Sam says, chuckling. Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean dropped the remaining portion of the bottle over the cliff. He couldn’t. Not here. And not now. He wasn’t totally sure if he was even going to hit on target. He was already beginning to see spots.
Dean cleared his throat and nodded. “Yeah, yeah I’m-I’m good. Never better.” He lied, forcing another smile onto his face. Dean patted Castiel’s shoulder like he did before they ever got together, when they were just friends and walked inside as Castiel made room. He didn’t want to look behind him, but the mirror of the glass on the painting in the entry way showed Dean Castiel’s hurt face at Dean’s actions. Like he was reminded of what he missed.
Castiel’s eyes showed no change as the elder Winchester glared into them. Castiel pushed Dean back, his angel blade sliding from his sleeve and entering his right hand. Castiel grabbed Dean’s shoulder and gripped it tightly, forcing him to the wall once again. Castiel’s leg thrust itself between Dean’s thighs and threatened to knee him where the sun doesn’t shine. His hand that gripped the angel blade tightly pressed it against Dean’s neck, his chin up and his nose flared as he glared into Dean’s eyes full of desperation. “You did leave me, you made me leave. You gave me the same spiel you gave Sam when he let Lucifer out.  Do you know how much that hurt? You making me leave you so vulnerable?” Castiel sneered, his blade slightly digging into Dean’s neck. Dean swallowed hard and glanced into Castiel’s dark blue eyes, searching for some trace of the Castiel he knew.
Dean watched longingly across the yard, watching Spencer and Castiel laugh, while Spencer tried to coax Castiel into eating a strawberry. The neighbors around them laughed, but Dean could barely hear their conversations. He didn’t know what they were talking about, but he knew it had to be some of that fake suburban family crap.
Dean felt speechless as he stood there in silence. A man who looked to be much older than the very attractive one who greeted him scoffed.
Dean shivers, crying out at Castiel’s bite. Dean doesn’t dare open his eyes, he can already feel the tears of pleasure cascading down his cheeks. Castiel’s grace wraps around Dean’s length, causing him to jolt his back straight for a moment. Castiel chuckled at this, and began to make his grace start to stroke Dean in time with his rapidly increasing thrusts.
“Sam this is an emergency damn it! Just--” Dean rants, groaning for a moment. “Fine, just, listen. Look, Spencer attacked me last night. He tried to suck my blood from the back of my neck. He looked dead, man. Like his skin turned dark grey and it was decaying-” Dean explains, looking away from Sam as he described what Spencer had looked like the night before.
“Ah, my bad. So I’m guessing the other bedroom is the one Sam’s using.” Dean says, nodding towards the bedroom in question. As he starts to walk towards the bedroom, Dean hears commotion from downstairs. He looks to Spencer to clarify that he heard it too. When Spencer nodded, Dean immediately rushed down the stairs, swirling around the railing and racing to the source.
“So it’s like that, huh? Best friend and unrequited love?” Mark asks, closing up his burger and setting his plate up with some chips as his eyes watch Dean, waiting for his answer.
Sam looked back down at his computer screen and narrowed his eyes. “No, Dean he’s… He’s outside the entrance.” Sam informs, a tone mixed with worry echoed from his mouth. Dean refused to believe that Cas wasn’t okay unless he saw it for himself.
“Son of a bitch!” He cursed, turning around and rubbing his face. He still didn’t understand why exactly Castiel had gotten so possessive over him. Of course, Dean was glad that Castiel still felt the same as Dean, and still loved him. Not that he didn’t appreciate the good fucking, he was just slightly confused.
Sam sighed and rolled his eyes. “Yes, Dean. I have contacts. You do too. Maybe we just don’t know all the same people. Anyway, like I said, each of the victims had crushed skulls, were drained of their blood through a puncture wound the autopsy reports say was through the back of the head, through what looks to be a human bite. Except the incisors and the canines were sharpened more, to suck in more blood. And the skin was shrivelled. Like all the life was drained from it.” He informs, looking back up at Dean.
“I just… I just need a distraction, that’s all.” Dean says dejectedly, sighing as his eyebrows tilt up and he could feel the tears building up again. Dean reached up and wiped his eyes on his shirt, moving his face around to prevent them again. Mark gave Dean a smirk and raised an eyebrow. Mark then tilted Dean’s chin up and leaned into his ear, his other hand finding Dean’s waist.
Castiel’s frown deepened, and he sat closer to Dean, laying his hand on Dean’s shoulder. He used his other hand and turned Dean’s face towards him, turning Dean’s heart speed on full. Castiel’s hand dropped from Dean’s face, his lips pursing for a moment. “Dean, would you like me to stay here? Wait for you to fall asleep again?” Castiel asks instead of what he had planned to ask, which was if Dean wanted to talk about it. If Dean wanted to talk about it, Castiel knew he would’ve already,
“So where's cologne guy? Thought he was your ‘hunting partner’.” Dean grumbled, huffing as he shoves his hands deeper into his pockets. Dean averted Castiel’s intensifying gaze, refusing to let Sam reprimand him either.
Sam grunts, looking up at his brother’s plight. His eyes glanced to Castiel, wondering how he could just stand there, even after attacking Dean and let Spencer nearly kill him. He didn’t know what it was that was holding Castiel back, but he had to fight it.
Benny sighed, sliding a pretty pink drink towards Andrea as she handed him a fistful of bills. "Sorry brother, the higher-ups have been having lots of meetings. It's your turn." Benny apologizes, picking up a white rag and a spray bottle and cleaning off the bar counter.
Spencer blew hot air out of his nose and he crossed his arms. “Fine. But ask him first. You don’t want to force the man.” Spencer suggests, smirking as Castiel turned to question Dean. Spencer glared at Dean, daring him to even think of saying yes.
Dean felt his chest growing heavier and heavier as he was forced to watch them. He had nothing else to do. No one had come up to Dean as he cooked the entire time. Sam was busy talking with the neighbors about the recent murders and seeing if they knew anything. If they’ve seen anything.
Dean turned over and faced away from Mark, picking up his phone from his jean’s pocket and quickly texting Sam that he was staying somewhere else for the night. Better for them not to worry. It had gotten pretty late. And now Dean had to lay here and shift through the pile and the raging dumpster fire that was his feelings.
Castiel wanted this, he wished things were different. That Dean would let him in. Would stop pushing him away and let him help. Let him hold him and let him confide all of his worries to him. That was what a partner was. That’s what Castiel wanted to be for Dean. If he was to be honest, he wanted that more than he wanted anything to do with Spencer. Spencer had been an originally one time deal since he had reminded Castiel so much of Dean at first. But then it grew into something much larger. And Castiel didn’t know how to tell Spencer no. Much like how he used to be with Dean. Still partially is.
"Quam multa enim puer?" The man asked, putting his finger to his lips in question. (Translation: How much for the boy?)
Spencer isn’t far off from where Dean is in terms of reaction. He blinks a few times, his eyebrows angrily furrowed. “What?! He can’t stay! We have no room!” Spencer tries, gesturing towards him. “Besides, he didn’t want to stay when you first invited him. The only reason he even stayed last night is because you dragged him back here instead of putting him back in his motel room.” Spencer points out angrily. Castiel rolled his eyes, stepping closer to Spencer.
"For someone who not two hours ago took Slutty Kelly down a peg you look pretty nervous. What's on your mind, Dean?" He asked, leaning over the counter again. Dean slipped his phone from his pocket and gave it to Benny.
Dean rolled his eyes and glared at Castiel, both of his fists tightening now. “I’m what Cas? What am I?” Dean asks, as if daring Castiel to finally give into whatever this was between them. Dean hoped to Chuck that Cas would do just that. Finish his sentence and maybe just maybe let Dean try again. But then again, Dean didn’t want Castiel to get hurt again. He didn’t want to hurt him again. Both sides of himself were quarreling and he couldn’t stop them from showing anger, sadness, and fear on his face.
Dean nods, and Castiel then shifts to where he’s sitting beside Dean, wrapping an arm around him and laying a hand on his left shoulder as he holds him. Castiel doesn’t seem fazed as he brings Dean closer to him, despite Dean’s surprised look as he does so.
Dean could feel the anger in his blood start to boil, making it harder to retain his composure. This asshole…
Dean takes a deep, and long breath before he untenses his fist and looks back at Spencer, who looks a bit puzzled at his actions. “Well, Spence’, when you’ve been in this business for as long as I have, you learn to improvise.” He insists, smirking at him as he smooths some of his hair out and starts making his way towards the crime scene and leaving a semi-pissed off Spencer and an amused Sam. And of course, a head-tilting Castiel, who didn’t understand.
Granted, Castiel probably wouldn’t have believed him with how angry he had come down the stairs believing Spencer’s fake sob story, but still. It would have been nice to know.
“Show me your wrists, Dean. Show me your damn wrists!” He demanded, causing Dean to raise an eyebrow.
“Yeah, yeah Sam just track his phone damn it!” Dean ranted, looking back towards the road after giving Sam an intense glare. Sam held his hands in the air and rolled his eyes. He too, was tired of Dean’s bullshit. He starts typing in his computer, zeroing in on Cas’s location.
Spencer scowled and stomped forward towards Castiel. “That damn witch’s spells never work how I want them to anymore!” Spencer says brusquely, shoving Castiel off of Dean before picking up Dean’s long forgotten knife. Dean coughed as he reached for his neck, only to have Spencer’s boot connect with his side, tossing him to the ground. Dean grunts and attempts to reach his feet again. Spencer again kicks him, his long dead hands reaching down and grabbing Dean’s shirt and pulling him up into the air.
“What is your problem with him, Dean? Sure, he’s shown some jealousy but-” Castiel starts. Dean’s lip quivers and he squeezed his eyes shut, finally letting tears free.
“You don’t think I know that? You don’t know this, neither does Spencer, but how would you like to be tortured by a man who was tortured for forty years in Hell?” Dean says lowly into Mark’s ear. “Or would you rather help me? Translate this note Spencer left me when he took the man he was using you to keep me away from. You’ve got five seconds.” Dean growled again, smirking as his hand moved to Mark’s neck.
“Fuck Spencer! I ain’t talking about him! I’m talking about how this whole--fiasco! Was just a ruse from you and my ass of a brother to try and force me to move on! Well guess what?! I AIN’T READY!! I haven’t been! Ever! Why can’t either of you believe me when I was literally struggling to breathe because you two couldn’t keep your damn conversations at home!” He yelled at Cas, his shoulders hunching and his face growing redder with each passing second.
Castiel sighed, looking away from Dean again. He looked like he was thinking. He pondered over what Dean said. He was right. Spencer had been nothing but unkind to Dean since he had arrived. But was that really jealousy?
Inside, Dean found himself in what looked like a newly renovated private room. The couches were made of a seriously expensive leather. The carpet wasn't carpet anymore. It was dark wood that seemed to tell a story in the swirls and markings. And the walls were a dark grey, demanding a serious tone. The rest of the room looked the same.
“No, Cas. Barbeques have vegetables too. Side dishes. Dessert even. Just--Let me help.” He says, pushing past Castiel and gesturing for him to follow him into the kitchen. Dean slides open the screen door, sighing as he makes his way into the kitchen. He opened Castiel’s fridge, looking for something that he could use. Castiel walked in soon after, looking around as Dean did.
“Dean, calm down, this isn’t an emergency, you can slow down man-” Sam assures, earning a growl from Dean. Dean’s eyes were bulging with worry and anger, just urgent to find a way to alert Cas of the danger he was putting himself in.
Present Dean could only watch over in horror as he waited to hear the words that started all of his problems. He felt like he was suffocating in his tears, drowning even.
Alastair rolled his eyes and licked his lips. "Oh come on, I was just asking a question. Is that wrong?" He sneered and gave Castiel a sarcastic look before turning his head to face Dean's hunched form.
Dean thought back to what Spencer had said. There was some truth to his words. All he brings wherever he goes is sadness and pain. Even to his brother. Did he even deserve to have Sam along on the road? No, because Dean knew he was just an extra weight to carry. Trouble seemed to find him. And he wanted nothing more than to stop it. But he couldn’t. He wanted to have a semi-normal hunting life. But he couldn’t. He wanted to love Castiel, hold him close at night and promise him that he’d always have a home with him.
“Gross, could you not? I’d rather not have my face burn off cause of your stupid grace.” Spencer growled. Castiel raised an eyebrow, still in confusion.
With careful precision, they did so, turning the woman over and revealing a message written in scandinavian runes. Each cut was deep, seemingly done recently. Dean looked over at the officer and gestured towards the woman with his phone. The officer nodded, and Dean began to take pictures of the message.
Dean rolled his eyes, letting out a tsk. “You’re a bastard. Just get your ass out of here. Don’t try to find us, or make deals like that again.” Dean growled harshly. Mark returned the flipping off gesture to Dean and got up from the desk and chair. Mark’s harsh blue eyes glared at Dean angrily for a few moments before turning his head and promptly leaving.
Castiel tilts his head at Dean. “Are you sure you got enough sleep, Dean? You sound… grouchy.” Castiel says after a moment, resulting in a snort and a snicker from a further away Sam. Dean blew out a hot puff of hair through his nose and he turned around, shifting his expression into a less aggravated one.
Hey guys, Sorry this one is short and late. Life happens. I wasn't feeling too hot yesterday. And this one was kind of a catch-all chapter anyway. Hope you like it though.
Though he was scared, Dean filed out of the motel room and stopped where Castiel stopped. Then the angel turned around and glared at Spencer. “What is your problem? Must you insult Dean every chance that you get? I asked you specifically to. Let. It. Go. But you have proven that you haven’t. That you have lied to me. Genealogy is something considered as a last resort, as well as blood type yes, but it by no means is a worthless piece of evidence. Now with this evidence, plus yours, I know that Dean needs to stay with us.” Castiel insists, making Dean’s pupils dilate with surprise.
"Sammy? What… why are you callin' me from Dad's cell? He'd kill you if he found out." Dean hissed, making sure to keep an eye on his surroundings.
Castiel sighed. “Well first off you shouldn’t have even had the one night stand to begin with. You could have contracted something, or the monster could have chosen you and kept you there for food. You could have hurt yourself-” Castiel tried. Dean blew a large puff of air out of his nose and he spun on his heels, pacing away from Castiel for a moment before he began to yell at the angel.
Castiel looks around, confused as to what to do. “Have you listened to a single word that I have said, Dean? I don’t pity you, I want to help you. This, running into danger is not safe. Nor is it healthy. I’m trying to help you Dean but I can’t if you keep pushing me away.” Castiel tried to reason. Dean clenched his fist and he narrowed his eyes.
Dean opened up the laptop and typed into the search bar. He began to look through multiple websites, desperate to find out something that he can use against Spencer. As he looked through website after website, hours had passed. Dean’s eyes strained as he watched the screen, blinking away the burning tears that escaped as he tried to refocus. The current website he was on was about the undead variety of the norse culture. As he was looking through the website, a picture came up.
Castiel firms his glare at Dean, blowing a hard puff of air out of his nose. “Dean, please. He’s new at hunting.” Castiel tries. Dean grumbles, again looking down at his sleeve and the counter.
Dean was speechless for a few seconds. This guy was one of Cas’s neighbors? If Dean had known that he would have offered to be the run-guy and just take quick trips to and from the store, taking a half hour each time. Dean swallowed and chuckled, sighing a bit. “Yeah, u-uh, unfortunately. Cas is a… he’s my best friend.” Dean says longfully, flipping the last few burgers he had to grill. Mark raised an eyebrow, putting pickles and mustard on his burger bun.
Sam followed with a grunt, his feet scurrying behind as they rushed out the entrance. Dean took out his keys and fumbled with them as he attempted to unlock the Impala. After a few short moments of frustration, Dean unlocked the car, climbing in and starting up her engine. Once Sam was in the car and his car door was closed, Dean didn’t waste any more time. He immediately pulled the car into reverse and began to back out.
“Well sorry, Sam, I ain’t Mother Theresa! What? Do you expect me to get better overnight? Especially when I wasn’t fucking ready to move on?!” He yells, glaring at his brother angrily. “And the cop? Yeah, I wasn’t angry. I was breaking down cause I thought my brother wasn’t gonna talk behind my back to the one mother-freaking angel that I specifically warded my feelings against!” Dean roars, his eyebrows furrowing in a heavy expression over his eyes.
“Hey Cas.” the man says in a greeting smirk. Castiel turns and smiled at the man, pulling him into a short kiss.
So when they came tumbling into the bunker, Dean knew he was in for another lecture by Castiel as the angel healed him.
“I could be that distraction, if you’d like.” Mark suggests in a dark and sexy seductive voice. Dean could feel his insides melting almost like butter as Mark spoke. Time seemed to slow down as he considered his offer. Dean hadn’t had a one night stand in years since he and Cas had been together for one, and Dean was surely satisfied with him. Did he really wanna go back to it? Yeah, yeah he did. What could it hurt? Castiel had Spencer. That was certain from what he heard when he came home from the library. Dean was never going to be able to feel like this with anyone else. So why the hell not.
Unfortunately, Dean reached the driveway and the edge of the property line too late. Castiel’s car was already driving off. Dean cursed to himself, worrying about what Spencer would do to Castiel now that he wasn’t under whatever spell that he had Sam and Cas under before.
As Dean stepped up onto the sidewalk and the walkway to Castiel’s freaking house, the door opened, and Dean froze. Out stepped something Dean had only seen in his dreams. A smiling Castiel. He was wearing a navy blue pull-over sweater with a white shirt collar poking up from the collar of the sweater. He was wearing freaking tan khakis. And his shoes were black. He looked like a married man. And Dean couldn’t help his wandering eyes from focusing on where the sweater pulled at Castiel’s muscles.
Dean sat down in Baby’s driver’s seat and could feel the blood in his body boiling. He was antsy, like he too was put under a spell to prevent him from functioning. He knew it was his anxiety. He could barely even tell himself to start up his damn car.
Castiel widened his eyes, shocked at this new revelation of events. He looked around at the floor for a moment. “Dean, you can’t go back on that promise now. You made a promise to me. I don’t care if you keep pushing me away Dean I’m going to help you-!” Castiel began to raise his voice again. Dean rolled his eyes and spun right around to face Castiel.
“Sir, you have to answer my questions. If you want to ease the suspicion of you-” the officer started and tried to explain. Dean wasn’t listening. The blood roaring in his ears and the drowning thoughts in his head were too much. And then things turned red, and Dean’s now clenched fist collided with the officer’s face.
Dean rolled his eyes, before speaking through his mouthful. “Well I’ll take it.” Dean says while laughing, chewing the rest of his food. He smiled at Mark, who smirked back at him with a flirtatious grin. “So, mister businessman, are you gonna be trouble for me? Am I gonna have to call my moose of a brother to chase you away?” Dean flirts after swallowing his food. Mark snickered and laughed, leaning his head back.
Spencer sighed and looked away for a moment, rubbing his face with his palm. After the moment, he looks back at Castiel and nods. “Fine. I want you to be happy so… okay. He is helping us with the case anyway.” He says genuinely, pulling Castiel into a soft kiss. Dean immediately looks down as to not have to witness the kiss. He felt like such a kindergartener.
Dean hiccuped as he just let Castiel hold him. After a few moments, Dean leaned back, immediately missing the buzz of Castiel’s skin. Dean wiped his eyes and blinked a few times to clear the tears. He knew they couldn’t have this. Not after what he did. They had to stay friends. But did friends do what they did?
“So, back again? You want to top this time, slut?” Mark asks. Dean growled and pressed Mark against the wall harder. Mark grunts for a moment before he starts to chuckle, not intimidated by Dean. “Really, Dean? You think I can’t toss you off of me?” Mark snarls. Sam widened his eyes at Mark, surprised that this was the man that Dean had the one night stand with. But he still growled at him, angry that this man would even think to call his brother that.
Castiel smiled at Spencer happily, kissing him back lovingly. Sam hurried over and engulfed Dean in his arms. He squeezed him close, making Dean gasp a bit for air as he patted Sam’s back. “Sam-Sammy, geeze, I’m okay, alright?” He says, pushing Sam off of him. Dean felt himself slightly smirk, looking up at Sam from his smaller height.
He’d never known anything different. John had always worn a stone cold expression, said that feelings were weakness. Dean guessed he took him very seriously during that lesson. No matter what he felt, Dean knew things would never get better. He refused to let himself hurt. To give into weakness. But why couldn’t he have done that at least with Cas? Didn’t he deserve that?
Castiel’s blue eyes flared up and he placed the plate back in Dean’s hands. “You need to eat, Dean. And drink. You need to flush the alcohol out of your system.” Castiel reminds again, giving more insight to what he meant. Dean took in a heavy sigh, taking another bite of the turnover.
Dean heaves up the cobblestone walkway, drenched in rainwater, He groaned as he felt his feet slightly aching. If only Mark had told him his house was 6 flipping miles from Castiel’s place. Dean only had enough money on him to get him halfway there, and by his luck it started raining the minute he started walking towards the direction of Cas’s place. He hadn’t answered any phone calls, as his phone had died soon after he left Mark’s. What luck.
“No Dean I am… quite fine.” Castiel lied, images running through his head of Dean shirtless, bent over and begging, pleading. Images of Dean being fucked under him and Dean taking all of it in stride--Castiel had to immediately shake his head. His problem was going to get worse if he kept thinking like that.
“But, Dean you aren’t Norse. Neither am I, why would it go after you?” Sam asks. Dean sighed and walked up close to Sam, taking out the knife.
Slowly, blue eyes opened and began to take in the view around them. Castiel let out a groan, knowing that this wouldn’t have happened if he had more of his grace. His grace had been what was protecting his vessel from fainting when hit with hard objects, keeling over when stabbed, etc.
“You’re really trying that again? Damn, you are strong willed. Or maybe it’s the feelings of love you have for that pathetic hunter, hm? You do love him don’t you?” Spencer sneered, visibly getting on his knees in front of Castiel and tilting his chin up.
“Yes, Cas, I did. Now are we starting on this barbeque food? I know somebody’s gonna cook on the grill when the party actually starts. But is there anything else?” Dean asks. Castiel again tilts his head.
Dean shoved his phone in his pocket as he sighed. Dad was causing trouble back in Lawrence. As always. At least Sammy found himself a nice girlfriend. And hey, he got accepted into Stanford Law. At least he was going places.
Benny rolled his eyes in response. Dean just pinched the bridge of his nose and let out a loud and annoyed sigh. "We don't care, Kelly. Why can't you go find some other rich bastard to fuck?" He grunts. Kelly scoffs, as if questioning that Dean had the audacity to insult her.
It doesn’t take long, but as soon as Dean starts to get comfortable in Castiel’s arms again, he feels the draw of grace in him. The slight push and pull of it through him starts to lull him back to sleep. He starts to fight it at first, wanting to enjoy this for as long as he can. But before he could even try to open his eyelids again to fight against the urge to sleep, he drifts off. The warmth of Castiel and his grace comforting him as he once again returns to his dreamscape.
Dean hangs his head, his mind giving him blanks as all he could focus on was Cas, Cas, Cas. “M-More th-than you know, Cas-! J-just please! Fuck me-!” Dean begged, his nails digging somewhat into the wallpaper. This seemed to be just what Castiel wanted, because as soon as Dean uttered his last syllable, Castiel had begun pushing into his hunter, cutting Dean off.
Castiel sighed once more. “Dean, this needs to stop. You need help for this. It isn’t healthy-” Castiel started again, and at once Dean snaps his gaze towards Castiel.
“Is he at least a better bottom than me? I know I wasn’t good Cas. I’d always been a top. I know you faked enjoying it Cas, how can anyone really want something that intimate with me?” Dean asks, clutching at his chest as it ached harder and deeper.
Hours later the party was in full swing, with neighbors dancing, chatting and all around enjoying themselves. Dean was stuck at the grill, as he had volunteered to do so. He flipped burgers mindlessly, sighing as he looked around. There was no more proof or evidence that Dean could find to prove Spencer as the monster. The entire time he was just sitting next to Castiel and making him laugh.
Castiel grunted in pain, gritting his teeth as he slowly came to from the punch to the face. He attempted to move his hands to his face, but found they were still bound. Castiel’s mind felt fuzzy and hazy, like something was trying to take over it. His grace felt weakened, almost stolen somehow. His head felt light, and his vision was blurry.
Sam looked over at Dean and sighed. “Dean, I can drive if you need me to-” Sam starts, trying to offer Dean a way to calm down, maybe save all of this anxious energy for trying to get Cas to believe him that Spencer was the damn monster.
“And would you stop with those puppy eyes, Cas? You’re just as bad as Sam.” Dean adds, getting all three of the men’s attention. He grumbled again, settling back in the barstool and hunching his shoulders. Dean’s universal sign of ‘leave me the hell alone’.
Dean snaps his fingers and points at Sam. “That’s the one. Thanks Sam.” he says, taking a sip from his coffee, like what just happened wasn’t a big deal. Maybe it wasn’t to him. Dean seemed to not care about a lot of things recently. Sam knew why. What he didn’t understand was why Dean wouldn’t talk about it. He understood that yes, his brother was often more reserved about his feelings. They both were. But Sam knew that talking about something, even if just for a short moment, could help alleviate those feelings. At least a small bit.
Spencer gritted his teeth as Sam fought him, forcing him to the ground with a smack. He turned his head and smirked. “Oh I wouldn’t do that just yet.” Spencer warned. Dean stopped for a moment, but not any longer. He cut Castiel’s last bond and grabbed his hand, helping him up.
So Dean did so. Dean fought through his thoughts and continued to go through the reading and the research, wondering how Sam could do this for a hobby. It was boring. Dean had the occasional slip up where he’d catch himself in the middle of tearing up, but his expression quickly hardened.
“Dean, Spencer has done you a favor. You would still be in that cell if it weren’t for him-” Castiel starts, trying to defend his partner. Spencer slightly puffs up his chest. It’s obvious he loves this attention. Dean rolls his eyes and looks up, shaking his head.
“So I guess we’re all eating out here? Alright. Oh, and also Spencer said that he’ll eat his food later, Cas.” Sam says, leaning against the tree Dean was sitting under. Dean shakes his head, grumbling as he closed the book in his hands, putting it down on the side table that was next to him. He grabbed his food and paused for a second.
Spencer let out a sadistic laugh. “So I used the spells that witch showed me long ago, to use the blood of my enemies to make them turn a blind eye to my symptoms. I.e the smell, my strength, my increasing size, and of course when I bled I bled black but that’s besides the point. Of course with Dean I couldn’t get his blood as easy cause he stayed at that damn motel instead of staying over. So cologne was all I could muster. Anywho, my point was that the spell kept you two on my side. Turned you away from dear old Dean. I wanted to break him down further. Scare him off. Maybe even get him to off himself. Cause that stupid spell has a clause. And apparently if someone has a strong enough opinion of the person I’m trying to keep them from, it doesn’t last long. Sound familiar, Castiel?” Spencer taunts, turning away from Castiel again as he began to pull a photo out of his pocket of Castiel. Spencer bit into his finger and started to draw runes over it.
“Why? You could have approached me and asked. Before I knew you were what you are.” Castiel asks, fighting with the bindings manually behind him. Spencer chuckled, holding his chin and effectively covering his face in more of Castiel’s blood.
“Dean, you went to bed at 10 last night. It is now 10 in the morning. I believe you needed the sleep.” Castiel insists, sighing as he set up the last chair he had. “That should be enough, Spencer wanted to invite the whole neighborhood, though I am unsure how we are going to feed that many.” Castiel says, looking over at Dean with a puzzled look.
Dean felt a sob bubble up in his throat at Castiel’s touch. One Dean had to once again shove down. Dean could feel the care in his hand. Castiel’s grace just buzzing in his hand. Dean recalled Castiel pushing his grace through Dean to calm him, to arouse him, to heal him, on multiple occasions. He missed it. And he wondered just how much Spencer got to feel that.
‘Did you not hear me, Castiel?! Leave! Pack up whatever shit you have here and go! This thing between us? A Mistake. I knew they’d get me in trouble eventually. Just didn’t think it’d be with you.” Dean deadpans after he yells back into Castiel’s face, effectively crushing the angel’s metaphorical heart.
"So? What's your name, loverboy?" Alastair rephrased, making Dean feel like either punching the man, or vomiting. He didn't know which one his body felt like doing more.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Hey Gabe. I don't got time for you today. Apparently I got assigned four damn tables. So no sparing today." He quips, snickering as Gabriel groaned drunkily.
“Gross! Dean is this the smell you said you smelled? It’s awful! It’s like what the revenants smell like, God-” Sam groaned, blinking his eyes a few times. Dean’s face breaks into a smile and he too covers his nose.
Anyway, this one kinda got away from me, so I hope you enjoy the whole thousand more words than usual.
Dean slowly stood back up, using the dresser as something to hold onto and to steady his wobbling legs. His ass was screaming at him, and Dean didn’t like it one bit. He guessed that was his punishment for doing this in the first place. Idiot.
As Dean walked towards the stairwell, he began to smell something he could only describe as awful. Horrendous, even. He groaned and pinched his nose, beginning to breathe through his nose. What could be making that terrible smell? Was Sam hoarding his rabbit food upstairs?
Sam looked at Dean, still unconvinced. “Dean, are you sure you aren’t just jealous? Man, I know you love Cas. Still do. But you gotta let him move on, and you gotta do that too. I don’t know where you went the night of the barbeque but I hope you were able to get your mind off of all this. It’s not healthy, Dean.” Sam says, his puppy eyes in full swing. Dean growled and rolled his eyes.
Okay, so, long story short, life gets busy yadda yadda, I'm gonna be a bit slower in posting. Sorry. i'll try to post a bit more, but its all going to depend on how I feel. And how much literature my brain wants to squeeze out of my head like a zit.
Dean didn’t know what he was feeling, but he knew it was draining. Because as soon as he walked inside, away from most of the crowd, Dean’s entire body began to loosen and he felt his face drop. Dean just needed a beer. Or two. He was sure of it.
“Did you season these yourself?” Mark asks, his eyes a glow with adoration. Dean raised an eyebrow and chuckled to himself, pressing the spatula against another burger. Dean looked up into Mark’s blue eyes, his blush evident now. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. Mark was good looking. Dean was an out bisexual, Sam had made sure of that. Mark was nice too. Didn’t mean it had to lead to anything. Some flirtation and confidence couldn’t hurt… Right?
Dean sighed and grumbled. "Fine… when are they gonna be here, huh?" He asked, handing back the shot glass to Benny.
Dean’s fingers drum against the steering wheel, nervous feelings running through him like a toddler high on pixie sticks. Was it so much to ask for Cas to be okay? For him to finally get a win after the last six months of regretting being such an asshole to Cas? Maybe it was. Dean didn’t know what exactly Spencer was, or what exactly the limit to his power was. What if he could kill an angel? Or at the very least make Castiel forget him? Dean would never be able to forgive himself of that.
Dean waved again to Benny. "Hey, you got any tables yet?" He asked, receiving a chuckle in response.
Benny raised an eyebrow and poured him one last shot. "Rough night?" He asked. Dean groaned and rubbed his face tiredly.
Dean pushed it off as Castiel partially wanting Dean to shut up about being a terrible bottom, quarter him wanting to show Dean just how good of a bottom he was and that he still loved him, and half that he wanted to get back at Spencer. Dean partially smiled at the last part. He never took the angel for the revenge type. Maybe Dean had rubbed off on him.
“Do I have permission, Dean? Can I retake you, and can I break this warding stuck inside of you?” Castiel asks, his hand stroking Dean’s length through his opened jeans and his boxers. Dean’s breath shakes, Castiel’s grace slowly and still moving inside of him. He was unable to speak for a moment, looking into Castiel’s eyes questioningly.
The man in question gawked at Dean, almost in surprise at what Dean had dared to do. Dean turned his head and pushed Alastair's hand back towards him in a harsh motion. "Keep you and your damn hands to yourself. Before I break 'em myself." Dean threatened.
