Dean smiles, almost smirks in fact, because he can’t help but feel exhilarated by this piece of information. Apparently, those claims of Castiel about how he thought about doing this or that to Dean aren’t just claims but actual things that happen. He actually
without Castiel allowing him to. Can’t do anything like this without permission.
“That’s nice of you to say, but we both know that’s not quite true.”
even when he is naked for the necessary baths during their week-long hideout in the bushes, with all of his baths being personally conducted by Castiel in fear of any other of his soldiers having fantasies about behaving like the scum of the earth, too, and trying to take advantage of how Dean is bound, Dean does not move his body in any way that is meant to entice or sway Castiel. quite the opposite -- he seems almost shy and flinches when Castiel tries to wash him for the first time and touches him with rough hands, careless in the beginning, angered. (and Dean trembles throughout his bath after the incident with the guard, which happens early enough in his imprisonment for Dean to ask if the other soldiers will bathe him, too, if Castiel will allow them to undress and touch him however they please, with no eyes watching. and Dean won’t stop shaking until Castiel, despite himself, has drawn him into a cautious embrace and promised him that he will be the only one to do this to him and tells him about the fate of the fingers of that one guard who has so much as threatened to lay one of them on him. Dean’s trembles are finally soothed not long after, and Castiel always makes sure that there is no one else present during Dean’s baths, and that his hands are now gentle when they wash him)
And Dean is not sure if he really wants to, if he can deal with his own nudity and the kind words he won’t be able to reject, but he knows he has to trust Castiel and himself, has to trust
Dean just huffs out a breath, pretending still be pissed, but actually being embarrassed. Which is also what he tries to channel into his words. “I think you might be overestimating yourself and underestimating me a bit here. I might have had some ‘bad experiences’, as you say,” he digs his fingers into his thighs, and his voice remains steady, “but I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t think that we could do this nonetheless. Both you and I. Together.”
Castiel caresses that sensitive part beneath which Dean’s artery lies with the back of his fingers and pulls away just enough for them to regain eye contact, for him take in whatever must be in Dean’s face and for Dean to see him curl up his lips in what must be an attempt to school his face into a neutral expression, but looks more like a curious pout. “I noticed you stopped wearing the necktie I gave you.”
Dean huffs out a breath. “Huh, uh, yeah, yes, ‘course I do. It’s ‘psychological or physical care either a Dominant or submissive receives after playing in kink, BDSM, or fetish situations’,” he quotes.
Dean’s sobbing by now, but that doesn’t seem to deter Cas. He kisses his tears away, too, and catches his watery gaze.
“People like, I don’t know, Balthazar Roche, for example. What things do you do with his because of his looks or because of his diligence?”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel says, in that rough timber of his that he only ever reaches when he is fucking Dean. “Was that too much?”
to his assistant –, he finds a present on his desk.
“Okay, whatever, call it what you want,” Dean says, because Castiel’s words reminded him that there is indeed a hard cock currently pushed into his ass, if only by the tip. “Just penetrate or fuck or make love to me already. I know you don’t wanna hurt me and whatever, but I’m fine. I’m okay, really. Just get on with it.”
Dean swallows hard, wishing the boiling heat inside him would stop, but with every second in which Cas’ hands and gaze are still on him, it only seems to grow. It’s terrible, and the most terrible thing of it all is that Cas does indeed seem earnest, true in what he says. As if he means it, that he is not just drunk and horny, but that he does think that Dean could be more than an easy, convenient fuck for him. Because there is nothing but adoration in his gaze, and hope, and it makes Dean crumble, makes him sigh deeply and wanting and just as hopeful.
What.” With a jolt, Dean sits up enough to look someplace else than the cushions or the ceiling, and it’s to find Castiel hunched over his couch table, the sheets he brought spread out around him and looking suspiciously enough like a list. A list from which six boxes are already ticked with a red pen, with swirls and dots Dean can’t quite decipher from here. And that’s when it begins to dawn on him. “Is that seriously a checklist?”
The sixth time it happens, Castiel is drunk.
What Castiel does instead is ask, against Dean’s expectations, “May I kiss you?”
It’s sounds reasonable, appealing even. As afraid as Dean is of the spell breaking with the first light of the morning, he’s also sleepy and comfortable and wants to make the best of what he has, for as long as he has it. He’s always liked the few times he got to sleep next to another person, lover or no, and to be allowed to not only share the same bed but probably also Castiel’s intimate space, to remain in his arms and affection for the night. Is all he could want as a final instance of this evening, should this be all he will get. Maybe he will wake up before Cas and use the time before he will wake up too to bathe in Castiel’s proximity and really take it in, process what his mind is too sluggish to understand right now. Too hazy to fully appreciate just how good he’s got it in this very moment. With his mind, that is. Going by how secure and comfortable he
Dean is nothing but a pathetic, unbreathing heap that’s covered by a mountain that looks like it’s going to fuck him into next week. Or something like that. Whatever his skill with metaphors, it changes nothing about the fact that there are thick, muscled arms to each side of his head and a strong body that promises all kinds of things. Things that involve Dean being taken roughly and absolutely
“Now, for today,” Castiel cuts in, not breaking his calm while he does, “I want you to do something I realize might be a bit difficult for you. But I know what a good boy you can be already, so I have no doubts that you will manage to complete even a more challenging task such as this.” His gaze is heavy with meaning as he catches Dean’s. “I want you not to object me when I praise you. You may speak and make sounds to your heart’s content otherwise, but whatever I say about you, I want you to wordlessly accept. No objection and no thanks, just you listening and remaining quiet when I do. Do feel free to express any approval through moaning, though,” Castiel jokes softly, but it doesn’t really help take away any of the sense of dread that is creeping into Dean.
Instantly, Dean wants to clench his eyes shut and twist away, maybe dress himself again and ask for them to do what they are about to do with the lights turned down or off, and preferably with Castiel keeping his hands off Dean’s body for as much is possible. Dean could just ask to suck him off and then get out of there, to never return again. Leaving them both to awkwardly forget any of this ever happened.
Dean understands the silent command for what it is and catches Castiel’s gaze. He might be a bit slow to do so, what with the way his lids want to flutter and droop, but in the end, he manages to steadily look Castiel in the eye, showing him that he is still fully there, that he isn’t too deep in the haze to be unable to see what they are doing anymore, to consent. This garners him a proud little smile.
As unintentionally as they drift closer the longer their breakfast takes. There’s Dean starting with his cereal first thing, whereas Castiel saves his cereal for the end because he, grossly enough, claims that it tastes best all soppy and sugary. Which is why he begins with the fruit and some yoghurt, eating it slowly and savouring, and somewhere between Castiel enjoying his first strawberries and enjoying Dean the kind of breakfast he hasn’t allowed himself in years, the distance between them starts to shrink.
Right, he hadn’t come there to hear that kind of crap. If Cas wanted to be alone, then so be it.
Thing is, Dean can’t give him a straight answer, because there’s little to no experience in Aftercare to draw from and the examples listed on the internet pages where he read up on proper BDSM etiquette simply won’t come to mind. He draws a blank. So, all he can do is shrug weakly and say, “Usually, not. Not much.”
“I want to start out by kissing you,” Castiel breathes out and draws closer, the warmth of his body finally heavy and promising against Dean’s own, a long line of craved firmness. “I have spent a lot of time thinking about kissing you, so I would like to spend a lot of time on actually doing it.”
“Aren’t you done for the day?” Castiel asks, instead of commenting on the formal addressing.
“Well,” Dean says, all smiles and confidence now because the sucking feels nice and because Castiel just said it, that he wants to keep touching Dean, wants to be with him here and now,  despite it all. It’s an immense rush of all those good feelings that Dean can already feel returning home from the weekend, and it’s overwhelming, to want and to be wanted back “good thing then that there’s no one and nothing here who would wish for that.”
“How? I mean, as in what?”
“That is also true,” Castiel hums amusedly. “We will have to be more careful in the future and not repeat our actions from yesterday. There was already too much risk in what we did, and only because of lucky circumstances have we not been found out. Or that he haven’t been found out is to hope at least. And I need you to tell me should anything like this ever happen again.” He looks serious and displeased. “If Adler takes advantage of any situation or my absence again, please inform me immediately.”
(the theatrics are the very least what Castiel owes Dean. they won’t be able to blame Dean if Michael’s brother is the one to wield the blade, if Castiel will be killed by the guards not soon after, if the only heir of their measly kingdom will be extinguished, only to illuminate that much stronger the not-quite-widow, the already promised new ruler, standing right in front of the whole congegration. it will be quick and easy, will be clear for everyone, will make Dean their new king and Castiel just another traitor)
And Dean writhes against the cruel hands on his butt and against the kind words in his ear, chokes out an equally as happy as relieved sob, and then whines.
But despite the warmth and absence of fear now, there is still something tense in the atmosphere. It might be Dean’s imagination or just him — really, it actually looks like it might be. Because Cas is still sitting there like a pasha, legs spread and his back propped up against the edge of the tub. His eyes are drooping, but not closed, and he is not staring someplace else in the compulsive way that Dean does — he is loosely looking towards Dean, with eyes that are warm and affectionate, and there is that dumb smile that Dean knows from their evening conversations, and Cas’ cheeks are flushed with the heat of the water, and unexpectedly, Dean has to swallow — because Cas has never looked as gorgeous.
"I believe that both of us know that you will enjoy this far too much for it to serve as any sort of punishment." Castiel doesn't look like he minds either way, though. Rather, he looks rather pleased, possibly even thrilled at Dean’s excitement. "Also, as I have told you before, I would have no reason to punish you for anything, when up until now, you have been nothing but a good boy for me."
He lifts his hands, until now just lying limp and uselessly by his side, and reaches with them for Castiel’s hair and the biceps that leads to the hand with which he is caressing Dean’s belly. As he cards his hand through Castiel’s hair – as much as he can despite the somewhat awkward angle –, there’s a deep rumble coming from Castiel’s throat, almost like a purr, the sound of a satisfied creature.
So, Dean should be well and truly happy. And he is; about Cas, that is. The only problem is that during his many years of being single, he’s become a bit of a sloth, which also extended to his eating and workout routines: too much pie and too little exercising. He’s gotten soft, especially around the middle, but also his butt and thighs look like they could belong to a very curvy woman. And Dean had come to terms with it when he was only by himself anyway, but as soon as Cas, who’s got the body of a runner and arms with which he could easily lift even someone as heavy as Dean and do with him whatever he pleases, enters the picture, Dean starts to become self-conscious.
So, it’s almost refreshing to not have to debunk and reason against all of this. He doesn’t even have to believe whatever Castiel is saying; all he has to do is keep quiet whenever he says something far too nice again and just enjoy Castiel’s kisses and hands on him.
Dean snorts at that, a small spurt of anger growing in a confused reaction to the unfamiliar situation. “If I can sell my damn ass, then I can sure as hell drink coffee, don’t you think?”
Castiel tilts his head and squints at him, confusion evident. “Done what exactly?”
And the hotness between Dean’s legs comes so suddenly, yet has been swelling for years, and the physical realization of it seems to be just as much of a turn-on for Cas as Cas’ is for Dean, because as soon as Dean bucks up against him, their erections sliding together through two layers of sheer fabric, Cas grows into their kiss and thrusts back almost
even talking about?’ He doesn’t say it out loud, but Dean understands it well enough.
“I could massage you, we could watch TV or read a book together, we could play games or just cuddle for some more time.” Dean feels a tint of pink creep into his cheeks at that. “Whatever you feel like doing, we can do.” Dean nods, fighting against how much heavier his eyelids seem to become. There’s all that anxiety and adrenaline slowly seeping away, and he can feel how it begins to truly drain him. Thankfully, Castiel suggests in a kind tone and with a smile, “We could also just go to bed after cleaning you up, if that’s what you want.”
a lot. It’s actually rather flattering that Dean got someone like Castiel so riled up, just by – by being how and who he is, basically.
The next day, Sam sends him a picture of a photo of when Dean was a kid and staring completely slack-jawed and with flushed cheeks at an Indiana Jones impersonator. His caption says, “Already so obvious back then!”, and although everything feels a bit awkward and stilted at first, Dean takes it as a sign of Sam’s goodwill and a step in the right direction.
in the first place, that he is
that he’s yelling and sobbing and
Dean is not quite sure whether the hot flush he feels is from embarrassment or whether it stems from the images that are tantalizing him in his head; of him at Castiel’s feet or bowing before him, of Castiel brushing the hair from the back of his neck, of Castiel putting something sturdier though surely no less valuable than the silk around his neck, the leather as gentle and demanding on Dean’s skin as Castiel’s open hands.
As if he could sense them, Novak looks up from his tablet before Jo and Dean properly approach him, and with every step towards his table, the tiny smile tugging at the corners of his mouth seems to grow. Dean can’t help but smile in return, relieved that he’s not being stood up, happy to see Novak at all, pleased that he is able to make him smile.
“So well,” Castiel repeats, nosing at Dean’s damp hair and his neck, always with little kisses trailing behind. “You have fully earned your reward.”
of all things beautiful or
“Twenty-one.”
“I would never punish you for this, never for expressing what you want,” Castiel murmurs, and then Dean can almost hear a little click when his last words register, when Castiel goes rigid for a moment and just lets out a soft and breathless, “But
“But you didn’t ‘mess up’, Dean. He is notorious for being pedantic to the point of harassing, as soon as he has the chance to. Not only is it wrong, but unprofessional. And he seems to have waited for an opportune time that he found in my business trip to treat you this way because he knows this is nothing he could have done with me around. That I, as your superior, would usually be there to shield you from him.” Castiel sounds pained again, frustrated and disappointed with himself. Dean shakes his head.
“Yet, you shouldn’t be. Because
Dean feels like crying and like coming at the same time; like doing anything that will bring this man yet even closer to himself. So, he sticks to the truth that he is always rewarded for and draws little circles with his hips, enticing Castiel to do the same with an unreadable and still coloured face.
“Yeah, no, this sounds about right,” Dean agrees, clearing his throat.
Maybe Dean had been afraid that this would turn out like that, too – that Castiel would be polite but superficial to him at all times and then happily use him whenever they had left work and any other people behind. Instead, if anything, Castiel was even kinder to him around other people, let his touches linger longer than before, sometimes rubbed or squeezed Dean, one time almost embraced him for no reason at all.
“C-Castiel,” Dean manages to croak out, breathless and still too deep in that pleasant feeling that the simple stroking and kissing has brought him to speak properly. Immediately, Castiel looks to him, his blue eyes eager, serene, soft.
make you understand. You, and everyone who ever did you wrong. Please, allow me to mate you, to make you mine. Grant me access to your body and your heart and your
him in.
“You mean like doctor and patient or teacher and student or handyman and housewife–”
“Yea- yes. Thank you, sir.” He swallows. “I like it a lot.”
Dean exhales alike, his gaze skittering away from the Alpha right in front of him, never quite settling anywhere else in the room, yet shyly drawing back now and then. He keeps watching Castiel, if only from the corner of his eyes, from a tilt of his head. Still, even this fleeting gaze is enough to let heat seep through Castiel’s body, down to his very bones.
A small smile blooms over Novak’s lips and reaches his eyes, softens them. “Good. That’s why I would like you to call you by my first name. I’m not your boss, Mr. Novak, right now – just Castiel.”
To which Castiel, surprisingly enough, nods. Maybe this was something he has expected or something he has had made previous experiences with. “I see. Then let’s return to this later. Maybe, for now, could you tell me if there is something I can do for you? Something you could want that will help you feel better? Just anything you would want me to do?”
Which is incidentally also what makes his dick twitch, where it is still encased in the cup of Castiel’s other hand, warm and right where it should be. “I’m–,” Dean begins, searching for words that don’t give to the embarrassment that comes with the easy reaction of his body, to how he can feel himself getting even harder and how Castiel’s eyes become darker. “I’m not scared,” he explains breathlessly, much to the amusement of Castiel.
merry christmas to all of you! xx i hope you had/have a lovely few days!
And Castiel can smile at him as apologetically as he wants to, it still won’t help against the sinking feeling in Dean’s stomach.
But instead of sharing the bowl like any proper adults would, there’s that warmth growing in Dean’s belly again, turning him as playful and ridiculous as Castiel suddenly is as well.
“If that’s the case, then you should behave yourself and only do what I tell you to. Because I know something that will make you feel even better than cotton pants and some friction. Something that we have been talking about already. Do you remember what that would be, Dean?”
Dean feels a growl trembling in his throat, and he bristles visibly. “No, ‘cause being short and having a babyface runs in my family.”
“There you go. All done now, my good boy. All done,” Castiel soothes him from far away and from right next to his ear. “You did it. Like I knew you would. Did so well for me, my perfect Dean. So perfect for me, Dean. Absolutely
“If you manage to take all -- mmh -- twenty of my blows without coming or breaking any other rule, I will reward you for it. And the reward will be that you will be allowed to spill yourself in my mouth, just as you craved to do a few minutes ago. I will swallow you all the way down to your root again and pleasure you exactly how you want me to until you reach climax. And you won’t have to do anything else, just let yourself enjoy my mouth.” He lifts one hand and, without any hang-ups or hesitations, cards it through Dean’s hair. Just as gently as the hand working over Dean’s butt is. “Would you like that, Dean? Does this sound like a fair reward for you?”
“Not want what exactly?”
Maybe exactly for the reaction he receives, a short moan that sounds cut-off but not ashamed, and it’s followed by another one when Castiel gives in to whatever he must think Dean was begging for when he buries his face between his cheeks again.
“Okay,” Dean repeats, “you already got a place in mind? ‘f not, I know a good, cheap motel. Clean sheets, no need for you to pass the clerk.” Also no chance of anyone coming to help if anything goes south, but Dean’s pointedly not thinking about that. Push comes to shove, he’s got a gun he’s not afraid to use stowed beneath the right side of the mattress.
And strangely enough, that is what is weird and what is missing, even though it should be the expected state of things, is what he has gotten used to over the years, not— whatever he was hoping for. No phantom feelings of arms wrapped around him, holding him securely, of lips pressing against the nape of his neck, of a constant chant of sweet words that were, unlikely as it sounds, directed at him.
Dean almost gives in to his half-napping again when Castiel suddenly speaks up, blindsiding Dean a bit with his honest question presented in a low and raspy voice.
Dean’s moan gets swallowed by Castiel’s mouth, is being rewarded by teeth dragging against his bottom lip and nipping at it just enough for a tease and a demonstration of self-control all the same. Though what is left of that self-control seems to erode with every single trust, with Dean moaning in a steady stream of approval right in between Castiel’s lips and teeth.
Dean nods, as a sign of that he listens and that he agrees. Because yeah, as undeniable as that
The second time it happens, it is only half an accident and meant to calm Dean down.
am really, really not.” Castiel smiles at him and leans all of his upper body forward, keeping his hands securely wrapped around Dean’s body, and presses his smile briefly into Dean’s skin, this time right onto his navel. “I adore how receptive and enthusiastic you are for our plays,” he whispers and kisses a bit lower, the especially soft pudge of Dean’s lower belly. It tickles, and feels really nice. “I adore how sensitive you are to my touches and words.” His kisses wander lower still, down the path a happy trail would go if Dean didn’t shave it off, and to the edge of his neatly trimmed hair. “I adore how eager to please you are and how good you are at actually doing so. You are pleasing me.” His next kiss is barely more than the breath of one, just a soft little thing to the root of Dean’s cock. “Always pleasing me, Dean.”
“Stay with us. Or with me, I don’t know. If Sammy wants it, too. You in the room or next to him, I mean. So stay on my side of the bed with me and then we’re next to Sam, and he will still be able to see and touch me and I can do the same with you, and just– yeah. Stay.” He feels pathetic and so small, smaller than ever before, smaller than whenever Sammy woke up in the middle of the night, crying and shaking, and Dean had to wipe away his own scared tears to comfort him and cheer him up. He wants to be there for Sam, he does,
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel agrees right away, no trace of being angry or annoyed with Dean to be found. No calling him out on his insolence of telling him what to do, either.
“Look, can we--” Christ. “Uhm, can we do that maybe another time?”
Castiel cuts in sharply, and his face is suddenly not that unreadable anymore, but apparently torn somewhere between aghast and angry. “This– this is not why I asked you this question for. I just wanted an explanation, not–” He shakes his head, looking almost helpless, and then leans down towards Dean, and instead of a hungry kiss that would let both of them move past this, lets them swallow this short episode and lets them pretend Dean is just a little slow on the uptake, Dean gets a gentle press of lips against his forehead. Slow, soft, almost a small blessing.
“No, sir, you didn’t,” Dean pants out.
Officer Novak sighs and runs a hand through his already tousled hair. It makes him look more like a human being than a cop, not like the hand of the law and not like what Dean had tagged for a client, but turned out so much worse instead. But them’s the break on the streets, he supposes; tough luck. But what can you do when you can’t trust your instincts when your guts are telling you that everyone’s a bad guy, and when they are always right about that?
“Yes,” Castiel agrees. “But I chose this place for a reason; as I said, I meant to have you feel comfortable and safe and free in your decisions. I didn’t factor in that there might be an issue with privacy, after all.”
“Mmh?” Dean asks around his mouthful at the non-sequitur.
For nothing, though, because before he can even do as much as flinch, there’s hands grabbing his wrists and holding him still, as well as deep blue eyes boring into his, the intoxicating mixture of something equally as fond as dangerous in them.
He wanted to sit down at the edge of the bed and have a calm and collected conversation with his best friend, as any normal person would do. What he wound up doing instead was not to stop there, for whatever reason: once his knees hit the bed, he suddenly found himself climbing on top of it, and since Castiel was all spread out on it, there was nowhere for Dean to go but on top of
“What?” Castiel sounds genuinely perplexed by Dean’s drop, although his voice is still muffled by the pillows he loudly puffs up, making the bed look all comfy and warm. “What do you get?”
The crinkles around Castiel’s eyes reappear as he takes Dean in and he looks almost proud at him for saying this. So proud, in fact, that he rewards Dean with some more head scratching and a glowing smile. “Of course we can,” he says, and in the back of Dean’s head, the little words Everything and Anything buzz.
“Don’t call me that,” Castiel cuts in, feeling his brow furrow in anger and deep-seated distaste. “I’ve told you countless times not to call me ‘padre’ when we’re like this, when we’re still–” he makes a sound of frustration, roughly pointing to their unambiguous forms. “Don’t mock me as a priest when our bodies meet as men, don’t...” He squeezes his eyes shut against the unbearable moonlight and the sight of his lover. “Don’t take my last claim of consecration from me.”
It is right there, in the shop window, draped upon a mannequin looking incandescent and irresistable and to die for, a hundred,
“I will be,” Dean gasps out, the return of plush lips on the terribly sensitive insides of his cheeks stealing his breath.
The shimmer in Castiel’s eyes speaks enough of how he knows he’s being taunted, but that he also doesn’t mind. He easily goes along with it, just smiles at a slowly untensing Dean. “That goes without saying.”
So instead of running, he smiles weakly when the man unlocks the doors of his car and tells him to get in. Yeah, his heart feels like he’s beating out of his chest and his hands are shaking when he puts on his safety belt because his client does too, but he knows he can pull through. Yet, a cold shiver runs down his back when the man locks the doors again right as he starts the car and starts driving, not looking at Dean, but at the dark road ahead.
Dean can feel the heat rising in his cheeks as he licks his lips. “I think I wouldn’t hate that.”
Especially when Dean can feel how both of them have gotten so hard and slick, they must be close, and when with it, Cas becomes vocal again. Not only does he have troubles keeping his lips against Dean’s in order to stave off his own moans, but he, once again, starts going on about
Dean smiles as he chases the kiss and easily manages to win one more little peck from equally as smiley lips. “Sounds like a plan.”
“i will wed him,” he declares one elusively leisurely evening in front of the fire place. “i will take that whorish prince as my husband.”
So, is that what he wants? Sure, he meant to tell Castiel that he’s not exactly fond of humiliation, but he didn’t get around to quite finishing around saying that, and anyway, it’s probably always a bit up for debate what ‘humiliation’ would include, exactly. And whether Dean just doesn’t like being shoved around and spit on, or if he also feels tears burning right behind his eyes whenever he is supposed to endure the degrading words of another person or also himself.
And now Dean can’t help but furrow his brow and slightly twitch away from the hand still caressing his jaw, the tips of his fingers teasing the sensitive skin of his neck. He wants to lean into it and enjoy the touch, but there’s something coiling in his guts that feels like anger and shame, and must be indignation.
There’s a moment of silence as they adjust their grip and their hands, eyes flitting between cocks and the other’s gaze, and they just breathe for a few moments, for the last moments, in the calm before the storm.
And then, as soon as Castiel looks satisfied with his work of blotches and blooms, his lips wander again: all the way up and down Dean’s arms and legs, kissing his palms as much as the sole of his feet, making both of them giggle, to the tips of his ears and of his fingers, to the back of Dean’s knees and the small of his back, once Dean has turned around and wound himself out of his slacks.
Because he does.
“He is,“ Castiel agrees, apparently satisfied to just accept this way or reasoning if it means that Dean will go along with him. “Do you want me to bring you your phone now to see if he did indeed message you? Ah, and the juice you wanted. And I need to see which ingredients I have at home and which meal I might be able to prepare with them.”
And just like that, just as easily, they are
He shuffles off the couch, his clothing in a tight grip, and smiles weakly back at Castiel, who seems a bit dumbfounded. “So, I guess I’ll just.” Dean gesticulates towards his sticky and marked up tummy, and just like that, he feels self-conscious about the soft pudge of it again. He moves to carry his clothes in front of it, being careful not to let the fabric touch the come. Castiel watches him attentively. “Y’know?”
what they are building right now. It’s only Dean’s greed again that lets him read too much into this – that has him drink these words down as if they were truth, as if they weren’t part of an arrangement.
It might not be home for Dean, not exactly, but close enough. It feels like a place where Dean can relax and enjoy himself, spend some time with Castiel instead of in his own empty and white four walls and still enjoy solitude if he so wanted to, in one of the many seldom occupied rooms. There’s always something new to explore there, so much to find out – so much to stay for.
“Had I arrived even one moment later, Dean,” Castiel objected, pain thickening his voice, “then you would’ve lost an arm or two, or even your life. And I could not have healed you, restored your body. You might’ve
Dean sinks his teeth deep into his lower lip and his hands instinctively reach for the necktie, stroke all the way from the knot down to the tip. Castiel follows the motion with his eyes and with a completely still body. “So then you thought, ‘If you like it, then you should put a collar on it’?” Dean asks, lips tilted into a small smirk, a secret, pleased thing.
Castiel must be able to pick up on it because he goes right along with it, bobbing his head up and down on Dean’s cock, making noises that sound so wet and delightful and as if there was nothing more delicious in the world. Nothing else that he could possibly want to taste and swallow down as deeply as Dean’s erection, as if he was feeding Dean’s cock to himself,
Dean doesn’t even know what it is exactly that he has expected to hear, what it is that he’s so afraid of. He just knows that what Castiel has been saying was a bit too much and yet leaves him feeling that is wasn’t enough, maybe not as much as he believes himself to feel. Of course, he is aware that whatever Castiel would have wanted to say just now would have been something kind, nothing unkind at least, and that Dean would have liked as much as dreaded it. He yearns and fears to hear it at the same time. Doesn’t know if Castiel will over- or underwhelm him with it – in either case, it would be too sudden to hear. Dean still feels too raw from the scene, physically or emotionally, to listen to anything too overpowering right now. Deep down, he
And, magically enough, it doesn’t take more than that little plea and those tugs for Dean to get what he craves. Because within a moment, Castiel has raised himself up on his knees enough, halfway into standing, for him to be able to put his arms around Dean, around his neck and his waist, and to pull him up against his body.
Castiel breathes, and if Dean did not know better, he would have described as in wonder. Which cannot be. He clenches his eyes shut.
Jo gives a sniff at that. “Nah, I think you’re just like the other guys. With some strange fetish. And you know my mom won’t let you come here again if you didn’t tip me. And to allow that to happen, you’re too addicted to our burgers.”
does Castiel do his first tentative thrust in. Just a small one, barely anything more than a jerk of his hips, testing the waters. But as they both see that their grip holds true, Castiel thrusts again, more confident. Their fingers tighten around the other’s hand and length, and then Dean puffs out a shuddering breath and hitches his hips up, into the tight tunnel of their hands, right along that nice and thick cock against his own. And then, when Dean lets out the softest of whimpers, unable to keep it inside as he at last gets the taste of something he’s yearned for for so long, that’s when the dam breaks.
“And you think anyone will care about that? That they won’t investigate and ask around and won’t be able to simply
“So you said,” Dean replies, feeling cheeky and exhilarated because Castiel is finally close and above him again, is taking the time to play with Dean, to give in to his demands and needs, no matter how tired and done with his week he must be.
so Castiel grabs Dean at a simple mission to the villages at the border of his kingdom and quickly brings them into his own, though there, they never cross into the civilized part but remain in the underbush
“I understand if you prefer more spontaneous scenes, but only if we have already had the chance to explore us and our dynamics for a bit. I know many people think that it ‘takes the fun out of the scene’ or something along these lines if we talk them through beforehand, but I think it would be reckless to not at least set some ground rules.” He scoots up closer to Dean, and Dean feels his body reacting to his proximity instantly. He blushes and squirms, unsure whether to seek out Castiel’s warmth or draw away from him. “Especially since I believe you have already made some bad experiences and that there might be boundaries that you do not wish for me to cross. Or that you are not even aware of being there.”
And Dean realizes that he did this, that
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean–”
“Unfortunately, this sounds as though you would not consider this course of acting quite a punishment either.” Castiel hums as he keeps running his hands up and down. He seems amused. “Oh Dean, what am I to do with you?”
“You taste lovely,” Castiel confesses, voice muffled between Dean’s cheeks, and he licks right up over Dean’s rim again, a sloppy stroke that comes along with a happy sigh. “And you react so beautifully. You
“Can you tell me what you mean by ‘this’? You said you know what a sub drop feels like, but not like ‘this’. How
Dean’s breath hitches before Castiel even crowds closer, before he is next to him and all up in Dean’s space, cupping his body with his hands, holding him.
For some reason, he has a hard time gauging just how far he is allowed to go with Castiel, in terms of intimacy, unless Castiel is the one to initiate their contact. Because he might be allowed to suck Castiel off if he asked to, but would he also be allowed to hold his hand while he did?
Castiel makes a sound like a man moaning around particularly fine piece of steak, like someone truly enjoying what he is eating, and it’s so guttural and filthy and it makes Dean almost sob with need.
Things take a turn by Wednesday. As Dean doesn’t want to come across as someone who owns only one necktie and make people wonder about him and Castiel’s office in general, he decides not to use the one Castiel gave him that day. He feels naked with his red-and-white stripes, and strangely lonely, but there’s nothing to be done about that. Castiel isn’t in for the entire duration of the day because – as Dean scheduled for him – he’s away on a little business trip a few states over, and won’t be back until the middle of the next day.
is already hard enough.
“I see. Maybe we can discuss this once more sometime later, should either of us be particularly interested.”
you.” He tucks a slightly longer strand of stray hair back behind Dean’s ear and doesn’t stop softly smiling at him. “If you are uncomfortable with letting me bathe or hold you, that is fair. But I will still insist on talking with you now and checking in later. We need to discuss this scene anyway, at some point.” His thumb traces along the soft curve of Dean’s cheek, and now that he is allowed to move again and give in to his need to follow the longed-for touches, Dean leans into Castiel palms. Whose smile grows with this simple reaction. “I would be very glad if I could take care of you in any way possible, Dean, especially right now. But I still want it to be on both our terms. I have very few reservations, so whatever you want should be fine.”
Castiel just smiles at him as he sits down on the armchair angled towards the couch and close to the couch table. With that, Dean kind of loses eye contact with him, can’t really see much of anything but his hair and the ceiling, but it’s alright. There’s the rustling of paper and the sound of a pen being opened and then used, and the relaxing noise of the dishwasher running in the kitchen.
He slumps against the wall after, somewhat ashamed and yet not ashamed enough to not give in to his fantasy one more time and to lick his own come off the wall, lick it clean.
“’t was about you,” Dean confesses as his right hands sneaks up from where it was so uselessly holding onto Castiel or vaguely stroking him, and runs it over the side of his neck. He feels like cupping Castiel’s face and pulling him down into a kiss – one of the same sort they started out with – but he isn’t quite sure if that would go too far, be one step too much, because it would be one step back to that child-like tenderness from before.
“Why?”
“In here,” Dean admits with a voice that won’t quite keep its full volume. It’s daunting to speak his mind, sure, but as equally daunting to think of what it will entail. That is, to spend a night and a morning in bed, enjoying breakfast and each other’s presence and maybe even a bit more. It’s unfamiliar, but not in a bad way – it’s
What a dangerous, humbling thought.
Now Dean’s done it. Now he’s offended even a guy who was so patient with his shit up until now and didn’t even wanna let him blow him in exchange for no charges.
“Yeah.”
After all, what good did it do to get his rocks off in the way he liked (or maybe didn't), if it interfered too much with his life, rendered him unable to trust people he hadn’t known for ages and even those he did, wore him down enough that he was unable to form any new relationships, and it made it almost impossible to keep working at his office, without breaking down in the middle of the day, shaking and sobbing, scaring himself and everyone else.
“Dean, are you alright?”
“So, our further changes to the list are a Yes to kneeling – as long as you do not have to kneel on hard ground or for too long –, as well as a Yes to bondage – although a No to stringing up or hog-tieing. And Yes to face riding and rimming in general, and a Maybe on felching. We are both also in agreement on a Yes to pain play, although nothing excessively painful or permanent. A No when it comes to partner sharing, age play and any type of humiliation. And a Maybe on switching, as we want to explore you being the penetrated partner and me being the penetrating partner first. Is all of this correct or do you have any proposals for modification, Dean?”
“I don’t have any sugar, just honey.”
But I want to
In contrast to that, Castiel’s lips do nothing but ghost all over that hot, pulsing skin Dean has offered to him, only him, his teeth only coming out to play for fractions of a moment, scraping against neck and throat, but not nibbling, not biting, not marking. Not yet.
And Dean had to admit, when they were sitting on the small breakfast table in the kitchen and eating in silence, that the mug was kind of nice, pleasantly big and yet easy to handle. The little smile that was playing around the corners of Castiel’s mouth whenever Dean took a big gulp out of the mug might have played a part as well in why Dean liked it so much.
“You don’t need to promise me anything, Cas. Because there is nothing you did wrong. Me feeling down is not on you.”
Dean and him have been arguing about the sort of potato they want to use for their french fries for almost full five minutes – Cas wants to try sweet potato fries, which Dean calls a disgrace for all of the United States of America, fervently sticking to regular potatoes. There has been a lot of eye rolling and gesticulating and grinted-out versions of the other’s name, and from some point on, after Dean has been going into excessive detail about garlic fries Castiel mentally resigns. He did want to try out the sweet potato fries, but having a fight with Dean about this, with no end of Dean budging in sight, he decides it’s not really worth it.
“Yes,” Castiel confirms with a kiss. “You were absolutely perfect for me, beyond beautiful. You took all of my blows, and that while clearly calling out the numbers for me and making the most gorgeous of noises.”
who may grant you the right to come and only
And absolute elation.
Immediately as much as involuntarily, the tension leaves Dean’s body with each stroke, each moment of caress, and when one side of his face is encased by this big and warm hand, his eyes fall closed, and his head and all of his body, of
His words echo hollowly in the nave, the scene of their sin. Not on the altar, but also not far enough from it to gloss over the fact that they have crept closer to it over the weeks and months, and will one day soon reach it. Which will be the last nail in the coffin, the sacrilege. Since ordained though he might be, Castiel is also a disgrace to his calling, a sinner among saints. Unlike most – even if certainly not
followed by a wordless scream, followed by Dean
Dean feels the heat creeping over his neck and under the cuffs of his dress shirt. “I guess so. We’re meeting for dinner.”
“I want you to count the blows out loud for me. Should you fail to do so, I’m afraid I won’t take the risk of accidentally spanking you for an incorrect number of times, and I will have to begin anew. Is everything understood?”
Dean snorts self-deprecatingly, but oddly enough, not self-loathingly. “What are you even talking about? I constantly messed up.”
As quickly as he can, Dean rolls away himself, the couch still having too much of a give to just sit up like a normal person, and his feet don’t even touch the ground when he’s already snatched his dress shirt in his hands. Trying to keep his butt as firmly planted on the sofa as possible – that is,
“No, not yet. ‘Cause I made an error in a report I did recently, I had a little more to do and didn’t quite get around to doing everything I needed to. But no worries, I’ll be done soon enough,” Dean explains to the lapels of Castiel’s coat, somehow unwilling to look up higher. He feels embarrassed, though he’s pretty sure it’s not because of that Adler thing, but because of something else. He’s not entirely sure because of what. Maybe because he just finally wants this week to end; maybe because he just wants Castiel to touch him for the first time ever since they’d said goodbye at the door of Castiel’s apartment. Maybe because both of these things seem so close and yet so far.
Dean insists, more vehemence behind his words than he can remember mustering up against an adult in a long time. “No damn foster family would want to take in a delinquent like me anyway. No one wants some criminal kid, especially not one who’s worked as a–” He swallows and takes deep breath. “Especially not one who’s almost old enough to live on his own anyway.”
“Your colour, Dean.”
have, will get from Castiel, make his decision already all the easier. Make him smile and think about those big hands in front of him roaming all over his skin.
Castiel’s smile is wide and boyish, and it makes Dean remember rows of blushing emoticons and a single, drunken one blowing a kiss. “I know from our work together that – unless we will have to save a deal again, which would be likely to keep us here all night –, there are no tasks that should take us more than an hour to complete if we do them together.”
“Please,” Dean whimpers, because he knows by now that this is how he can get what he wants; that if he just asks, Castiel will give him whatever he could wish for.
Castiel makes to move with a groan and the sticky sound of their bellies, his lips finally letting go of Dean’s neck, although his hands still linger a bit longer on his upper arm and hip, and he rolls off.
“Apart from the juice and water that I will insist you drink, there’s many things we could do,” Castiel replies in a democratic, thankfully neutral way. The tips of his fingers card through Dean’s hair, and then there’s a slight scratching there, too, right against Dean’s scalp, and it feels so heavenly that Dean makes deep sound of pleasure. Castiel laughs at that, pleased. “I would also offer you something to eat any other time, but I think you should still be full enough from the casserole.”
“Is that all? I mean, everything on the list?” Dean says, squirming.
Dean lets out a soft sigh. One that makes his shoulders sag in the beginnings of relaxation. “What else do you usually do for Aftercare?” Dean asks. He’s too exhausted to keep up arguing, and he’s even too exhausted to formulate his question in any way that won’t make him hear about all the things Castiel has done with other, more precious people.
“That’s not what I’m worrying about.” Dean tries to sit up straighter from his comfy prison, but all he manages it to vainly struggle and sink in even deeper back in. He tries once more and at least succeeds to take up his position that allowed him to look at Castiel again. “What I mean is, what do we need a checklist for?”
“How do you want to drink your coffee? With honey? Milk?”
“I don’t.” Castiel huffs, but not in amusement, and briefly closes his eyes.“But is there anything else? Anything that I could give you, that you might consider to be ‘more than enough’, yet that you might wish for? I mean it when I say that I want to make amendments for this week and that the blame for it is mine to shoulder. I need to see where it was that I have gone wrong, and how it is that I could do better in the future.”
Dean makes a soft, desperate noise and clings to his upper arms when Castiel finally covers him with his body, his own heavy and warm and wanting, already aching with his need. and he finally shields away Dean’s beauty and vulnerability as he has wanted to do for so long, maybe for longer than that night in his bed and the baths and the broken fingers, maybe since that one glance that had him already know that it would come to this, that his sanity would leave him for good, would be replaced by something much more significant and much more worthy, something of more meaning than anything in his life before. and he knows this to be true because upon the first touch of their lips, Dean’s first gasp into his mouth, his first soft little moan and his needy, confident grasp slipping down his arm, Castiel knows what it feels like when there is nothing but happiness, nothing but
“Cas, please,” Dean begs, “I can’t. If you– if you keep doing that, I’ll come. I’ll– ohh–”
Though, ‘wrath of God’ was probably the wrong phrasing, seeing as Castiel had completely lost his grace not so long ago, and was just as human, even if a bit more awkward, as the rest of them.
“Okay,” Dean says slowly, “Honey, it is.”
“Yes, of course” Castiel confirms, and he sounds confused. “Dean, what is this about?”
Dean breathes into the now spit-slick wallpaper wetter with every pull of his cock, every stripe of warm coming spilling against it now, in rushed pumps and never-ending rutting, with the fantasy of big hands grabbing his ass cheeks and pulling him closer and into it, into the unyielding hardness that he has waited so long for, that he pathetically, hopelessly needs.
“Did you just
“And had they succeeded, there would have been nothing I could’ve done for you. I could not have healed you, put your body back together the way it belongs. The way it is right now.”
“N-no. Keep– going. Not with the plan, but with what you’re doing. What you wanna do.” Castiel still looks one second away from keeping up the teasing, but Dean can’t have that. “Lick me out like you promised to, sir. Make me come on your tongue and then come all over me. Please,
And there goes the pink again, staining Dean’s cheeks. “Yes.”
So, quickly, Dean blinks and looks away, stares towards the faucets at the other side of the room, where it’s safe and there are no pretty angels watching him.
“I had to try to make you mine. I spent a lot of time imagining of all the ways that I wanted to touch you and make you feel good, and when you were so diligent and helpful at saving that deal and then allowed me to actually touch you,” Castiel looks as if, any other time, he would sigh or smile now, but all that happens is that that little wild note that clings to him from time to time grows even more pronounced, takes hold of his eyes and his slightly parted mouth, “that was when I had to have you.”
Castiel just hums where he’s still intimately kissing Dean, barely more than a confirmation that he’s heard Dean’s little plea, but he doesn’t bother to reply beyond that. Maybe he waits for Dean to elaborate or something else, maybe beg some more or more clearly. Maybe he won’t allow his focus to be broken just like that.
Castiel doesn’t say anything more, neither good nor bad, and nods. He just pulls out another mug, this one with a bright yellow and smiling sun on it, and puts it beneath the now unoccupied nuzzle. As the next bout of coffee spills itself into the mug, he keeps rummaging in the cupboard, the same ones that Dean has already explored.
Then, he sees.
They ride the wave of relief by laughing seemingly endlessly, by swaying into each other’s space just so, just more than enough, clutching their bellies and letting go of all the tension and anxiety that had put them on edge the whole week, not fighting against the tears driven into their eyes by laughter.
. Just like you're mine. You're
Castiel’s answering smile is brilliant and beautiful, all the more accentuated by his softly flushed cheeks. “I liked it, too,” he confirms in an uncharacteristically hushed tone, “you were wonderful. You have already surpassed any expectations I have had, and those were already high to begin with.”
“If that’s what you want,” Castiel repeats patiently.
So he does. With unsteady fingers and a pounding heart and an overwhelming sense of foreboding that he can’t quite put into words, one that didn’t just start as soon as he laid eyes on his present nor that night a week before, but probably many months ago, when he started at Sandover, when for the first time, Novak shook his hand with a firm grip, a satisfied smile and a steady, seeing eye.
Castiel nods to himself. And Dean, Dean can hear his heat beat a rushed rhythm against his ribcage, all of him strung tight and dizzy. This can’t be hat he thinks it is, can it?
“Because I’m like this,” Dean starts out with, wishing to please Castiel, although he’s not quite sure how to go about that with these kinds of things, “I’m a lit– little slut for you. You just need to give me one hand and you already have me hard and willing, and I would let you do whatever you want to me without a fight.” Dean’s throat suddenly feels tight, even more so at the unreadable expression on Castiel’s face, so he keeps going, hopes to improve. “So easy that I would let my boss fuck me just like that. Would have let you have done so way before, like a proper little who–”
Dean needs a few moments to compose himself, taking big gulps of air through the mouth. He feels choked up, as if Castiel had been trying to push into his throat, not his ass, and with a distant sense of realization, he wonders if he is panicking. However, he discards the thought quickly, telling himself that there is nothing to panic about, that this is absolutely nothing new, and he slowly shakes his head and presses out a “No,” between his teeth.
So he shuffles, his body and mind on edge in the best of ways, onto Castiel’s knees. Castiel reaches around Dean’s back to put a hand on his shoulder while he grabs Dean’s elbow with the other hand and an encouraging smile. Like this, it’s easy for Dean to lie down on his thighs, all warm and thick, and let his bare cock press up against Castiel’s leg and the rough yet stimulating fabric of his cotton pants.
Castiel huffs out a laugh in turn, tilting his head up to allow Dean greater access and to finally take their embrace to its logical conclusion. “A tamed one, perhaps.”
Castiel’s hand in his hair and the other clutching one of Dean’s thighs, holding it down as he grinds against it, feels right and good. Dean asked Castiel to use him, but not in order for him to
Cas laughs softly, at Dean’s reaction obviously, but Dean knows it’s not meant in a mocking way, that Cas is doing so with affection. Cas lifts his hand, through the water, but before he can really reach out with it and touch Dean, he halts and lets it fall away. Dean instantly misses the potential of it.
“I promise you won’t have to do anything.” Castiel breathes slowly, and it’s as grounding the little circles his free hand draws into Dean’s skin. “You just have to continue doing what you already did; trusting me to take care of you. I will help you out of the bath tub and dress you and carry you to bed. You will be warm again in no time at all and finally able to rest for as long as you want to.”
Officer Novak simply nods, as if his answers hadn’t been certified and proven bullshit. “And your age?”
Dean felt like rolling his eyes again. “If you got it, spare me your jokes.”
And yet, Dean’s taught instinct was to assume otherwise.
“I mean it,” Castiel states instead, not deigning to acknowledge anything Dean has said in the past minute or so.
“No. No, I’ll show you I can be a good boy. I will obey you, I will.”
“Yeah?”
A scream rips itself out of Dean’s throat, loud and helpless in delight and surprise alike, in face of just how
“That’s true,” Castiel rumbles, and if Jo knew to read him better, maybe she could see that he’s not in the mood for playing around right now. Not pissed or anything per se, just looking annoyed in that understated way that only people who’ve spent much time with him could see. He obviously didn’t appreciate her interruption.
At first, there’s a sense of not much. Calling it floating might not be entirely accurate, though Dean does indeed feel apart from his body and any physical plane and it is the closest Dean would get to defining it. Other somewhat accurate terms would be flow, fullness, void, ecstasy, comfort, balance, self-acceptance.
bent over –, he also picks up his pants and briefs and right as he tries to search for his necktie, he becomes aware of it still hanging loosely of his neck. He swallows.
“So beautiful, Dean. You are so good and so endlessly beautiful.” Castiel’s hands sweeps up over his heart as he speaks, and his voice is thick and shuddering and breaking off in places, and it’s clear that he must be one step away from his own orgasm, which must also be the reason why he’s starting with that kind of talk again.
But then, Castiel carefully unfolds the afghan, inspects it for a second until lifting it up above and around Dean’s shoulders, smiling once more when Dean remains still and just lets him, allows him to put this expensive blanket around his body and cover it, cover him with it, despite the come and sweat and whatever else Dean might be dirty with.
“Good boy,” Castiel all but purrs above him and gives his head some more caresses. “So pliant for me.”
Which makes Dean wonder if he’s reluctant to let Castiel in there because it still might be too intimate or just because his apartment is somewhat bland in comparison to Castiel’s.
What is mostly surprising is that Castiel actually acted on what’s between them, that he talks so openly and at all about it now. Yeah, that’s what’s out of the blue – let alone the almost awe with which Castiel talks about the possibility of taking Dean on as a sub. But apart from that: anyone with eyes and a bit of sense for that kind of dynamics could identify them as naturally dominant and submissive from miles away.
“Yeah. But it’s done by now. Like I said, just catching up on stuff I didn’t get around to yet.”
“I agree.”
“Good,” Castiel murmurs, yet doesn’t make move to get up, “in five more minutes then.”
Castiel doesn’t, though. Not right away, that is. He lets his lips wander up to Dean’s ear where they caress the soft shell of it in easy brushes and tiny pecks. “Your color?”
“Dean?”
Castiel still does not move, though, just scoffs audibly, obviously not convinced.
at least, if only for a night. Maybe being drunk and horny enough and having the lights dimmed makes forgetting about Dean’s not-so-perfect body easy enough. It never made him feel hot or even
There’s been so much praise for Dean until now, and he knows it’s not self-evident. That few Doms – or at least the Doms he used to be involved with – would bother to make sure that Dean feels so good about himself, at any given point in time. He manages to say kind things about Dean, even if he had to spank him for disobeying him during such easy instructions as ‘Stay still’, and he just keeps giving. Of course, this is also simply part of who Castiel is and how he usually behaves around Dean, not necessarily Castiel The Dom but Castiel The Person, yet still. Whatever Castiel says, he makes it sound effortless and honest, and Dean thinks he deserves to hear some of that, too.
And he smiles so widely as he does, holding Dean’s gaze and saying in a still sleepy voice, “I hope you like your coffee like this. If not, we can go out and buy some sugar later today”, and Dean just doesn’t have it in him.
Castiel’s smile, though, seems to alight all of the room.
Dean groans in frustration and tips his head forward. Although Castiel will already not be able to see his face, given the position they are in, Dean wants to make sure that his shame-ridden expression stays absolutely hidden.
This, apparently, does the trick. Within a moment, Castiel nose nuzzles into the sweaty hair at the back of Dean’s head, his lips kissing the burning skin there. One of his hands leaves Dean’s side, only to reappear where their bodies are connected, skirting a finger carefully around Dean’s taut rim.
How shameful.
“‘s fine,” Dean mumbles.
On the tailend of these thoughts, Dean swallows. And decides to take a plunge.
“Good. And now look back at me.” There’s an edge to his voice that has Dean instantly obeying and trying to look placating and pretty enough for Castiel to be soothed.
Because he can’t resist the temptation of a happy and relaxed Dean, the exposed peek of his belly, the lack of tension after being in apparent turmoil after almost a month now, the way he reaches out towards Castiel, grazes him and brushes against him, offers up his body in mindlessly open postures and with a smile that speaks of nothing but utter trust and affection.
“What else runs in your family?”
“Fine,” Dean says, well-aware that he sounds like a sulky child giving in to something he’s not really in the mood to. “Let’s try to figure this out.”
Dean cuts in, sharper than he wants to, and hides his face at the juncture of Castiel’s neck and shoulders. His breathing is heavy, for some reason, and he closes his eyes. “Please. Don’t.”
If Castiel wants to do it, then that would be all swell and well, but not Dean, no. Not his chubby self.
And he doesn’t even have time to do as much as sigh and breathe out and properly breathe in again, now that he can finally allow himself to relax his tummy and breathe again, when Cas raises a this time decidedly unimpressed eyebrow.
“If you help me quickly and well enough with my tasks that we will actually manage to get out of here this weekend, then yes.”
“I don’t wanna know what might happen if he knew about–” He flushes, unsure of how he wants to phrase this. Because yes, they are in a BDSM arrangement and are play partners, but their small, broken-off conversation and Dean’s own feelings make all of this seem like even more. Like there should be another term they should use, not just colleagues or play partners or whatever else.
The sight of Castiel above him like this is almost too much, his wild yet fond eyes and the deep flush all over his face and chest and that thick and imposing cock unloading itself on Dean, because of Dean,
Dean sighs deeply as he does. It feels like something is clicking into place, as if just like that, everything is alright again. Yet, still not perfect. There’s still something missing, something longing inside of him. Now, though does he have more of an idea of what it might be he is longing for, and how he can get it.
Dean snorts and wiggles in his position, trying to just bathe in the amusement in the air, but the thought of Adler has returned reality and with it the memory of the week and the struggles it bore. “Ah, which reminds me: could you possibly bring me my phone, too? I believe it must still be in your bedroom, on the nightstand or in my pants. I gotta check if anyone messaged me or if Adler has already found some faults with my work again.”
“I,” Dean says around his helpless smile, and as soon as Castiel notices he is tickling him, he strokes a bit firmer, turning it into an easy caress instead, “I think so, too. I
Dean is already halfway into a nap when Castiel comes back into the living rooms, some sheets of paper in one hand, a pen in the other. At first, Dean doesn’t give it any thought because all of his focus is on how Castiel is down to his dress shirt now and his sleeves are rolled up, exposing his tan and thick lower arms that promise more than enough power to hold Dean down or up or manhandle him however he likes him, and it would be a bit too much to concentrate on paper instead of this. To not let his fantasies run wild.
It’s a tangle of tongues and limbs and way too comfy cushions, it’s breaths and lips frantically searching for one another, but at some point, Castiel seems to finally get some leverage and foothold and presses himself up against Dean, hands to either side of his head and
it. It feels so good, I need
“If childhood-you could see you right now,” Castiel says, a bit more breathless than he wants to be, “I am sure that he would be as proud of you as I am today. You are not the child from so long ago anymore.” Dean’s hands are on his neck and shoulders, pulling him back in, pulling him onto him. “You are a man now.” Castiel goes willingly. He twists himself from their rushed embrace to fully drape himself on top of Dean, one hand in his hair, the other on his chin, all of their bodies connected, one solid line, from head to toe. “You are truly
(Of course, you can’t make reservations at the Roadhouse, which Dean found out after making Jo, their by now usual waitress, laugh loudly when asking for one. So, Novak and Dean have taken to setting their appointments to end half an hour before the big lunch rush around noon begins, so that they may hastily make their way to the Roadhouse before all the tables are already taken.)
Dean sighs deeply and lets himself fall. Vaguely, he registers Castiel smiling at him and he smiles back, which only makes Castiel’s smile grow all the more.
What the hell. “Ye- yes.”
“Dean,” Castiel sighs out, just on the edge of annoyed, his usually unbreakably calm demeanour weakened by what Dean assumes must be the early hour. Dean almost feels bad for the man with tousled hair and still sleep-addled eyes. Almost, but not yet. “Yes or no? If you don’t want any, just say so. But it’s too early for this. Not–,” he sighs again, but it doesn’t sound annoyed anymore, simply tired, “just not before my first cup, please?”
Castiel wants to hear none of that – and yet, it is music to his ears –, and he rolls his hips back again, more fervently this time, bumping into Dean’s belly with his ass and driving his beloved’s cock even deeper inside of himself. It’s exquisite, the solid feeling of Dean behind him and an equally as solid feeling of him inside him. He has longed for this all week, and he won’t allow Dean to cut this short by getting lost in his pleasure already – not without proper punishment following hard on the heels, at least.
"What is your answer?" Castiel speaks softly against the sensitive skin behind Dean’s ears, his question breathed directly against the shell of it.
Neither of them seems to be bothered by this, though, so their slow kind of kissing is all they keep to for the first few minutes, just exploring each other’s lips with their own and finding new and
“What sweater?” Dean asks, eyebrows raised high. He then looks behind Castiel, peering in through the window, without ever taking his hands off Castiel. “Please tell me you don’t mean that ugly-ass orange thing.”
The plates clatter as Jo, carelessly as always, puts them down in front of them. “Bacon cheese burger for the boss, avocado chicken for secretary boy.”
“You already said that,” Castiel counters mildy. “What I want is not for you to tell me you’re sorry, but
Dean wants to recoil in shock, wants to shove this deity away from himself and cry out for how he is mocked again, but the hand of Castiel that is not resting against his neck coils itself around his waist and holds him tightly against the unbearable warmth of Castiel’s body. Dean struggles in his hold, whines and pities himself, expecting Castiel to be the one to shove him away any moment now, to ridicule Dean for his reactions and his faith, but he does not. He neither loosens his grip nor does he laugh, and it’s only when Dean ceases his struggling that he speaks again.
Dean glares at her as best as the delicious smell wafting up to him allows him to. “No one’s getting any dog, and shouldn’t you at least try to be a bit polite to your patrons if you want a tip?”
with every meal he eats.
And yeah, Cas is laying it on thick again, almost ridiculously so, and Dean wants to laugh and crack a joke about how impossible Castiel’s words are and whatever else will come to mind just to refute what he said. But what Dean does instead is to blush heavily and to mumble out, “Let’s just say, we can definitely keep my Yes on the list.”
"I would not understand how one glance at you could make me wish for anything but to sing hymns myself; of your beauty, of the green of your eyes, of the sweet scent of fertility that clings to you, of your radiant soul."
That is why he is anxious — no, far more than that, he is
Cas cuts in, and the resolutness of his voice instantly shuts Dean up. Cas lets his kisses wander to Dean’s cheekbones, where his lips are soon replaced by his thumb, angling his face so that Cas can catch his gaze earnestly.
Castiel gives in and lets Dean guide his shoulders and back down until they are lying flat against the plush carpet in front of the sofa, pliant despite the confusion written all over his face.
, Dean, and there would’ve been nothing I–”
But Dean remains stubborn, and silent. None of the things he would want for are feasible, anyway; there’s no use wishing for goodmorning kisses and ‘see you tomorrow’ hugs, not if they want to keep up the resemblance of a professional environment.
“Because,” Castiel begins in a voice that is undoubtedly meant to soothe but only furthers Dean’s agitation, “we have to talk about last night first. We will have to discuss what was good and what wasn’t, so that he know what to avoid and to repeat. Also, we will have to set boundaries.” He sweeps a warm hand up Dean’s arm, and Dean wishes he would keep it there, grip him with it and direct Dean with it. He doesn’t, though. Instead, it wanders up to ghost over Dean’s face and hair, and then is lost. Along with Castiel, who pushes himself a little away from Dean, putting space between them. “As for what is allowed outside of scenes. In a personal setting, in the workplace, wherever. What both of us would be comfortable with.”
It makes Dean dizzy, has possessiveness surge up in him. “Cas,
Dean screams as the first blow hits him, writhes with it, a slave to his own arousal and to Castiel’s hand, helpless in how
“I don’t know about that.”
Castiel gets a few mindless thrusts in, just him obviously riding the high without letting it wash him away already, just enjoying how far in he already is. And then, there’s Castiel’s tongue filling,
“Because there’s more than this that you deserve. More than a risky office affair or the wrong one to put their hands on. No, you deserve so much more.”
Before he can mull on it any longer, Castiel’s lips drag against the shell of his ear, breath hot and heady, and the hand still holding Dean’s splays out above Dean’s heart without quite losing their entanglement, caressing him. With anyone else, Dean might think that what he is trying to do is to play with his nipples, which do perk up at the touch, but with Castiel, he knows that he is searching for the beating of Dean’s heart, feeling how quickly it beats, how excited Dean is.
Dean can’t help but laugh a bit at that. “Maybe. But I just really like the one you gave me. And– uhm–”
“Whatever.” Dean feels himself grow hot, not from simple embarassment but shame – shame that doesn’t extend as far back as a simple minute in conversation, but into the nights and alleys of many years. Maybe it’s fucked up that he feels
“To me, that’s exactly what you meant,” Castiel said, with unprecedented lightness. “To not dwell on how badly you could’ve been hurt and how you screamed my name, but on how whole you are right now, how
Dom will make it
But the very moment he moves his body and tries to turn away, Castiel’s fingers dig into his skin and there’s a warm moan that Dean can’t place and then there are Castiel’s lips again, open and moving against Dean’s own, ignited, feverish,
Dean moans and pulls Castiel back in again when he tries to withdraw to keep speaking. And then, Dean doesn’t know anything else to do but to sink his teeth into Castiel’s bottom lip, not as a claim of any sort, but as a suggestion. And it works, as immediately after, Castiel lets out a deep and growly sound and bites Dean’s lips in return, pulls the bottom one in as he sucks and only lets go to replace his teeth with his tongue, long and stiff, pushing its way in between Dean’s lips, thrusting in in a way that Dean can only hope to feel in other ways too – as Dean will offer up other parts of him to Castiel, as Castiel will make use of other parts of him as he pleases, as Dean will be pleasured.
and he considers, for a moment, that maybe he should wait. wait until Dean and Michael are married and feasting again -- but that is,
“I relish in the knowledge of being able to do this for you. And I have wanted to do similar things in other instances as well, and wish to do so for so often. Like that one time I was out in the woods and heard a little chirping sound that I mistook for birds at first, which then turned out to be–”
“If you haven’t,” Castiel resumes, apparently encouraged to go on by Dean’s silent interest, “then I would like to ask you whether you would allow me to put you over my lap and spank you until you beg me to stop.”
For that, he is being taunted.
“It’s a may– yes.”
“Probably even more so,” Castiel confides when he lays one of his cheeks against Dean’s butt cheek, rubbing against it so incrementally, Dean isn’t even sure he even realizes he’s doing it. It’s a strange thing to do, after all. Generally speaking, but also given their situation. Too intimate.
. Not
It’s a sweet moment of respite, one that allows Dean to just take some deep breaths, inhaling the scent of Castiel and feeling the warmth that seeps through his shirt and into Dean’s bare skin. And as Dean is filled with nothing but warmth and calmness, the frenzied need to come abating at last and being replaced by an arousal that is less desperate and yet anticipatory in the best of ways, Dean can’t help but press a light kiss of his own to where Castiel’s shoulder and chest transition.
This time, Dean snorts fully. Probably, as Castiel belatedly realizes, because of the bluntness of his statement, and because Dean has long since given up on trying to teach him more tact. “Yes and no. But a bit, I guess. It’s about my childhood to the extent that it’s not about it. I mean, you know how we grew up, Sammy ‘n me, that we didn’t have all--,” he makes a tiny jerking motion with his chin, but it is enough for Castiel to know that he is gesturing towards the decorations, the house,
“O-of course I am.”
And that thought is one that is as exhilarating as much as it is dangerous. Because Dean knows that feeling, knows deep in his guts where it stems from and what it plays right into: into that side he hoped long buried, that part of his personality that he wants to deny. Not even because he is ashamed of it, not necessarily, but because it’s playing with fire to even think back on his time in the Scene. Worse yet, not to think of the Scene, but to consider where he is
Dean whimpers and pants, his gaze plastered to Castiel’s hair and face and especially those lips, still hovering around his helpless erection. He knows he can’t reject all that praise in any way, and it’s
finally sees to, even though he has been given no permission. Even though shame and punishment await him.
Dean blinks up through teary eyes when what must be the fifteenth bell punch is being followed by a loud and thunderous growl and a slight tremble of the mountain. Everyone stills immediately, stares in nervosity towards the priestess, who pauses, but only for as long as it takes the mountain to calm. Then, unperturbed, she strikes again.
And for a moment there, Dean wonders himself. Because nothing of what he went through this week was anything new; Castiel not being around, Castiel not touching him for a couple of days, Castiel spending his lunch with other people, Dean being on his own. Rather, more than just being nothing new, Dean should be used to it. For Castiel to spend an exaggerated amount of attention to him or for him to have a lot of time for him on a daily basis would rather be the exception than the rule anyway, and not a thing they really ever had going for them.
And that’s a bit of a weird question to Dean, because really, he’s been feeling pretty fucking
What he gets instead might turn out to just as amazing in the end.
“I don’t know about that,” is all Dean says in ways of protest, but it’s too weak, too distracted by the lips and teeth working over his neck, that it is barely even reprimanded beyond a sudden nib.
When Dean moved into his apartment, he didn’t bother to care whether or not it had a bath tub. In all his life, he was never that big on bathing anyway, considered it a waste of time as much as of water, so it made no difference to him that there was nothing but a shower stall in his current apartment. He didn’t need anything else; after all, he hadn’t felt the need to soak in a tub in all the time he lived there.
The truth is maybe a part of him, wanting to marry Lisa because he has to. He has to do it, for his homophobic dad, John. For his brother, Sam. To show him that he could actually have what Sam have. To shown to himself that he could be normal. Having an apple pie life with a woman and a kid. So, when Lisa came into his life. He was sure that she would be what Dean have wanted to marry. Then, he met Cas…
A few moments before...
“You really have beautiful green eyes” said Castiel looking at Dean eyes so deeply, like he was seeing Dean soul and desires. The only words that came down to Dean month were “T-Thank you. You, you too have beautiful eyes” Really Dean, that’s the only thing you can say right now. But then Castiel was smiling by Dean words and Dean heart was beating a little bit faster than usual. “What is your name?” ask Dean suddenly and Castiel answer him, still smiling “My name is Castiel.  And yours?” ‘Castiel. It’s a strange name’ Dean thought. “His name is Dean, brother” answer Lucifer instead of Dean. “Dean. It’s a beautiful name” “Alright, I’m sorry to interfere here, but you two are naked and there are other women around this room, that are almost naked too. So could you please put some clothes on?!” said Chloe, still covering his eyes from all this naked bodies. “Detective, I didn’t know you were such a puritan” said Lucifer, teasing the detective. But the detective was looking at him with a death stare and Lucifer understood that he and his brother have to put some clothes on.
When Dean came back form the bathroom with a bottle of lube (which he brought it for Lisa if she wanted to do anal but maybe it was more for him). Cas was already all over his body, keeping on kiss him and biting his neck, making him moan. Maybe Dean was a little bit too much arousal at this point. He takes Cas body on his bed, being on top of him and now he was his chance to show him how much he wanted to do this as Cas want. After all, he was the one who kiss him. Now, he was the one touching Cas cock and be for nothing disgusted about that. He was teasing him, touching slowing every part of his dick then lick it from the bottom to the top. It wasn’t his first time with a man. He knows it. He did some orgies with a friend in high school, Crowley. Now, he can actually use that experience for something really good…
The past weeks he didn’t see Dean so much as always. Sometimes Castiel thought that what they were about to do was just a dream, a trick of his mind of what he couldn’t have. But then that scene play in his mind and in his dreams over and over and he just feel the need to touch himself to the possibilities. Of what he could have done to him if they had a little more time. So, Castiel was again thinking about how to break Dean’s body to his hands. And a night he dreamt about having Dean on his bed, touching his cock while kiss him so passionately that Dean wanted just him. Him be on top of him and be fucked as the good boy Dean Winchester is. It was a really good dream. But then reality came and Castiel couldn’t not feel guilty about what he’s doing. Especially to Meg. He loves her. He does but she’s not Dean. She would never be Dean. So, he decides to talk with her and saying that he’s in love with someone else. The surprise was her reaction. “Wait, did you know?!” “Clarence, I’m a woman. I know if something doesn’t feel right. Besides it’s not like you try to hide it so much” “What does that mean?!” “Oh c’mon, every time you see Dean, there are sparkles on your eyes and every time he mentioned to his past lovers is like someone hit you on your chest! And the eye-fuck. Clarence, I don’t how many times you two eye-fuck each other’s. It was getting pretty obvious at some point that you wanted to fuck” “Meg!” “Oh, don’t be such a puritan Clarence. I know how you are in bed and it’s not like a saint kinda way” “So, you’re not mad that I…” “No. Honestly, I’m glad you told me. I know that I’m not him. That you can’t love me the same way as you love him. But I’m happy that we create a family together. And some part of me hoped that was enough. Even for you. But it’s not, isn’t it?” “I’m happy too. I’m happy to have become a father. To having you as my wife. To have Jack and Claire in our lives – he said, starting to cry – but no, it’s not enough. Because I love Dean so much. More than everyone. More than myself. And I thought that I would never have him but…” “But you two were about to kiss. When I came in our room, that day…” “Oh, so it was not a dream of mine…” “No, Clarence. It was not” And with those words, the practices of their divorce started to be accomplished…
Dean live in Lebanon, Kansas, in a beautiful home with a garden, with his wife Lisa and his kid Ben, even though he’s not actually his kid. His little brother Sammy is an important lawyer in New York, and after his first wife died, Jess some years before. He finally found his second wife Eileen and seems that she gonna stay with him for good. His best friend Cas, live in the house next door, with his wife Meg and Cas’s kids, Claire and Jack Shurley. They were the best of friends. There wasn’t a day from the moment they met to Bobby’s for his birthday, in which they didn’t spent together. Dean did never understand why he felt so connected with him. How they just spent time in a bar, talking and drinking beer or inviting their wife for a double date, so they could just spend the night joking about the new couples, in the restaurants or in the fast food. And remembering the time when they were young like them and they were trying to find someone to love while now, they are happy with who they end up with...
Dean was watching Cas taking his dick in his beautiful and pink lips. He was licking with his tongue the tip of his cock and then eat it and suck it while moving it with his hand. He’s so good at this then Dean thought he couldn’t do it anymore. It felt like he was about to come. He was. Until Cas stop and ask Dean if he have some lube in the house. Dammit.
Kudos and comments are appreciated
‘What was that?’ Castiel thought. ‘We, we were about to… Dean was willing to ki… What…’. Castiel was speechless. He didn’t confess his big love for Dean, but the way Dean was there to comfort him. With his big arms, being holding like that. Just because he came out to him. And if he saw right, Dean lips were so close to his. So close to be eaten. To be devoured. To be savored by him. And then Meg entered, and the moment was ruin…
This is more the porn part with feelings. LOL
“Cas…” “Dean, you’re so tight… So good for me…” Cas said while he was kissing Dean neck and shoulders and pushing his cock inside him. Dean was in ecstasy. He never be fucked before by a man or especially by Cas but the feeling is beautiful, heavenly. He’s a fucking angel. “Dean, open your legs…a little bit more” he said with a dom gaze who made Dean just open his legs for him as he said. Now, Dean was looking down and surprised he finally get what he was doing. Cas was in him. Cas cock was inside of Dean and they are making love in his fucking bed, shared with a wife that he never loved. What the hell. Now, just now, he’s being himself. What the fuck. A little tear came down on his eyes and Cas stop suddenly and say “Dean, am I hurting you? We can stop…” “Oh Cas, don’t worry. It just feel so good…” “Oh” he said smiling. It warmed Dean’s heart. “If this is the case, I’m going to push a little bit faster…” “Please, do…” “So, needy – he said then kiss Dean’s lips – I love it about you” “I…” he couldn’t say anything that Cas was again pushing, faster this time…
(See the end of the chapter for
Several moth pass away and every time Dean see Cas at work or in Cas’s yard, he just keep feeling that sensation of wanting. Of desire. It just like he said to him that day. He needs him and he couldn’t understand until now how much that words really means. And not in a friend-buddy kinda way. Because for all these months the only thing that Dean is sure about is that he want Cas being in his pants and make a mess out of him, on his bed, in the shower, on the fucking kitchen table while they might be caught by his wife. The thought just made him shiver and made him hard as fuck that he have to go to the bathroom every time just to make this fantasy go away from him and his body. The only problem was that every time they invite Cas and Meg for dinner, Dean just try to not catch Cas blue eyes because for whatever reasons his beautiful and deep blue eyes make him just harder and frustrated him in the same time. And then he would see Cas lips and wanting to kiss them, eat them like they are his favorite pie. And now he was liking his lips with his tongue just of the thought of that. And he wasn’t hearing a single word they were asking to him. “Dean…Dean, did you listen of what I just said?!” “Ahm…” Dean said to Lisa, who was the one she was talking until now. “Sorry Lis, I’m just tired. What did you say?” “As usual” whisper Lisa then she add “I was saying that for this weekend me and Meg will go with the kids to a summer camp. To see if they will like there and then subscribe them for the next summer. While you and Cas stay here and find some other options if it will cost us too much money. If you’re okay with that” “Wait. Why are not going me and you for the summer camp and then Meg and Cas go with us?” “Because you are always tired for whatever reason. And I thought that maybe you and Cas could spent some time together. I know how much you miss him. He can’t stop to talk about you, Castiel. Sometimes I’m even jealous of your friendship but I know that Dean is not gay so” ‘That’s not true’ Dean thought and he was right. Because another thing he understood about him is that for all this life he had lived with an internalize biphobia. Because he’s bisexual after all. And for all this life he thought he had to chose between being gay and being straight and the answer was always to be straight because he loves women, and he couldn’t be without them. But the moment he met Cas, he knows something was strange. Something inside of him was changing and he felt it when he was with Benny in high school because the way there were looking at each other was not like friends should look. With that policeman when he was arrested just for stealing something and he just take him for behind, put his body on the police car and telling his rights. That was fucking hot for just be an arrest. And then Doctor Sexy. It’s not that he didn’t understand that he was watching the show for the protagonist, but he didn’t understand why it became such an obsession. Especially when in an episode there was the evil tween brother of Doctor Sexy who wanted to take his place in the hospital but Dean knew right away that he wasn’t him because a thing that he does know for sure is that the thing that makes Doctor Sexy sexy is the fact that he wear cowboy boots not tennis shoes. Lisa was almost questioning his sexuality for that comment. Almost. Now there is Cas, and he doesn’t know what to do. And the fact that he going to spend the weekend with him, just make him think pervy things. But what he is making more nervous is the blush look that Cas have right not followed before to a preoccupated look and both these looks were just for Dean...
It started just for a kiss and now they were in Dean bed, full naked with their cocks showing how much hard they were for each others. Dean wanted it; he knows. All his dreams about having sex with Cas were coming true. He was so hard and needy like he never was with Lisa...
Just that Cas sometimes was strange when they talked about it. So, when they had kids, they just bring them in the yard and let them play. Lisa and Meg just chat with each other, while Cas and Dean. Well, Dean tried to apologize if something that he said back then, it had hurt him. He will never try to hurt Cas, again. Cas accepted his apology, but he also said that Dean didn’t need to. He didn’t say anything wrong. It just that Cas was keeping a secret to Dean. A secret from where he was in high school and young and stupid. At least, that what Cas thought. In that moment, Dean was feeling a little left out. He was wondering what the secret was his best friend was keeping for him for so long. Why didn’t Cas trust him enough to tell him? Did Dean do something back then? It was Dean fault? All these questions were gone the moment Cas took Dean’s hand (where Dean was a little bit surprised) and took him to Cas’s room, so they could talk in private…
“Amenadiel, it’s good to see you” said Castiel to his brother with a happy face. “Me too, brother. I didn’t thought that Father would ever sent you on Earth. I missed you and our time in Heaven” “I missed it too” “Well, now that we are all here. Why don’t we get this party started” said Lucifer, happy to have his brothers with him today.  “He really like have parties” “Yes, and don’t make me start talking about his sex life” Castiel look at Amenadiel with a confused face. “Sex life…? You mean, our brother had sexual intercourse with humans…?” “Yes, with both women and men…” “Men too?! But I thought that angels couldn’t have relationship with humans” “Oh you know our brother, he doesn’t follow our Father rules. That’s why he…” “He fell… but I think that now our Father would welcome him again in Paradise. Father really blamed himself for what had happen. Father never wanted that for his child…” “I know, but I don’t think that Lucifer would never forgive our Father so easy” “I think that too” said Castiel with a serious face. Maybe what Amenadiel said was right, maybe Father and Lucifer are not ready yet to talk and make peace to each other. What he doesn’t understand was, why Lucifer was kissing humans in front of their brothers. Angels are not suppose to have any kind of relationship or connection with humans. They can appear in humans dreams and talk to them when their Father tells to. But Castiel didn’t understand why his brother was breaking that rule. Humans are anything special after all. “Brothers, c’mon let’s dance together!” yell Lucifer to his brother. “We arrive!” said Amenadiel, raising a little his voice. The volume of the music was really loud for Castiel ears. “Castiel, do you want to go?!” Castiel thought about it for a moment then he follow his brothers to the dance floor. He really didn’t know how to dance, but he was enjoy this little time with his brothers. Even though, he didn’t know how he could help Lucifer, like his Father told him to do. But right now, he didn’t bother himself with the mission. He was just trying to dance and drink some liquors that Lucifer offer to him. This was really a good time.
But when it’s Dean who is mindlessly biting and sucking at Cas’ lips, small tears dripping down the corners of his eyes because of how
Dean closes his eyes and lets the tremble run its course. Neither Castiel nor him appear to be paying more than the slightest bit of attention to it now, and after so many more kisses and the return of one hand stroking over Dean’s belly, it simply eventually subsides.
It’s easy to slide the gift free of its paper, the edges too neat and the paper too thick to be ripped even by Dean’s clumsy hands. And what the paper reveals is a small blue box and a loose white piece of paper, written on with the type of messy handwriting he has become well acquainted with within the last few months of his work.
And oh, it’s so dangerous when Dean allows himself the ecstasy, the knowledge of a job well done, of having been
So that Castiel will always stay with him and take care of him and take his cock in hand just like Dean is doing right now, stroke him just like this, easy,
Maybe Castiel assumed Dean should know better by now, after all the shit he went through with other Doms. To be more cautious, not as willing for a scene and a fuck. And yet, here he is, groaning and arching into Castiel’s mouth as he alternatingly twirls his tongue around one of Dean’s nipples, getting them all nice and hard and wet, then kissing them as if they are something precious.
“Dean,” Castiel breathes out, equally as possessive as amazed.
disagree – because she doesn’t know him, and nor Sammy. Doesn’t know anything about them and their family and about the things they have done. “And I sure as hell won’t allow you to take Sam from me. Both you and me know he’s got a fair chance and I don’t, but it’s either both of us or– or–” He clenches his fist and his teeth and his eyes shut, willing away the desperation that threatens to flood his eyes. He won’t cry, not now, not after everything.
“Please,” Dean begs, pushing his hand against the hand that follows with a hard blow.
to let Castiel kiss his mouth and neck and nipples like this, panting around his nubs? Did Castiel expect him to not give it up just like that, for him not to act like such a–
“Yeah, I guess,” Dean agrees half-heartedly. He doesn’t want to face the inevitable question of ‘Then why won’t you order it right now?’ because then, he would have to find a way around the truth, which could be either the truth he keeps telling himself (’Because I don’t want to get even thicker’) or the absolute truth he prays no one would get behind (’Because a burger is already more than what I deserve’).
“It might be even more troublesome,” Castiel readily agrees, “and yet, there are no policies at Sandover that would explicitly prohibit fraternization. There have been many colleagues that I know to have entered relationships of different kinds, and though they were frowned upon, they were tolerated. Even if Adler found out that we spend time with each other outside of work hours and within the privacy of our apartments, there should be nothing to worry about.”
the frown above him.
“Dean, you know why I won’t.”
Because there’s no John to fruitlessly wait on, only Castiel. And Castiel is already with them. They already have him. Him and his care and his food.
“Ah!”
“I wanna see your face,” Dean breathes out. “When you-- when you blow me. And I want you to kiss me. Kiss me now, please.”
Until all that’s left is the cushion under Dean’s body and the warmth above him, and the soft sounds and pleasant caresses mellowing all of him right down to the core. So much that he barely feels his own limbs anymore, not unless they are receiving kisses or caresses, until there is a need to pay attention to them, to the only sensations left in the world, and what
but Dean’s cheeks, already tinged pink from their sheer endless foreplay, blaze up at Castiel’s choice of words. “Fuck, don’t put it like that,” he complains, as embarrassed as he is turned on by what Castiel has been spouting. Because unfortunately, most of what Castiel says has that kind of effect on him; Cas only needs to whisper some shit like that he would like to have Dean or make love to him into his ear, not even touching or kissing him, and Dean is both blushing and raring to go.
“because now, he won’t be able to struggle anymore. his kingdom is in pieces, could only survive if it is being lead by a strong king, a person of true ability and greatness.” he smiles, self-satisfied. “by now, he will have been able to see that there is nothing else for him to do but submit. that his country is nothing, as little as he is. whereas before, he would have been defiant - as he is known to be -, he would not, could not dare to do so now. he will be complacent, will give me what i have been fighting for for so long now: his country, his obedience, any throne and any part of himself that i would want.” he pauses for a moment and shakes his head, as if shaking something off that he has forgotten to hide. “and peace, of course. we will finally bring our kingdoms together, reach unity and freedom for everyone.”
(I don't when i will post the other chapter because i'm busy with university and other stuff or when i finish this story because i don't know either where i'm going with this haha)
Some weeks later...
They were about to kiss. Almost. Until Meg enter in the room and ruins their moment. ‘Wait, what moment?!’ Dean thought. “Oh, there were you two! Me and Lisa were searching for you” “Yes, we…we’re here” Cas said and if Dean wasn’t mistaken, he was sad too that they had to break apart. Dammit Meg, why did she have to come in the wrong time. But what you did you aspect to do? He’s married, you’re married. And also, this is Cas and Meg room. Not yours. And it was the truth, but that night didn’t stop Dean to dreaming about Cas lips against his cock, lick it and suck it so good that made him cry. And the morning after, Dean just wake up with his dick wet and hard next to his wife. Thinking about fucking his best friend who just came out to him as a pansexual…
Why he was blushing to the idea of spent the weekend with him…
Dean was living his best life. At least it’s that what he keep on saying to himself. But what actually could gone wrong?
It wasn’t just his sexuality what Castiel did wanted to tell Dean. Well, yes but not just that. It was also the fact that for the moment that they met he had a huge crush for him. But for be more correct: he is in love with him and he was about to divorce for his wife…
Cas started slowly, using a finger at time. He might enjoy this to much. Especially when with his second finger he finds Dean sweet spot and now Dean was just moaning a little bit more lauder. Oh, if he wants to fuck him right now. “Cas…please…please, now” “Oh my love, wait a little bit…” So, Cas have a little dom side too. Fuck. Now, he takes his fingers off of him and put another more of lube both on his hole and on his fingers too. Entering him with three fingers and he was feeling really like he was in heaven now. Also, sweaty. “Cas…Cas” Oh, if he was in love what they were doing now. It was like all his fantasies, or his dreams didn’t bring him justice. More Cas was touching him. More he was hard. So hard. Dammit, if Cas doesn’t fuck him right now. He might could cum just for his fingers. But he doesn’t want that. He wants to this all the way. So, Cas could finally get that he needs him too. That can’t let him go. Then they will find a way to be together because after this, Dean would make sure that Lisa and he have no future. No happiness. Not like he felt when he was with Cas. When he is with Cas. He loves him. He gets it when he thought again of his relationship with Cas. He was flirting with him back then and he didn’t even realize it. The fact that he always wanted to talk with him, being in his life even for stupid things. Dammit, he even found him a house next to him, just so they could spend more time together and no be distant. No, Dean doesn’t want Cas distant to him. He wanted him close. Always close. ‘So close’ he thought, now that Cas was finally inside of him…
He wanted to live his life without Dean, without see his beautiful face covered with those little freckles. Without see how he was getting muscular every day, working together and damn if he was not so hot when he was covered with the grass and his biceps was just showing from his t-shirt. Castiel was frustrated and repress. He tried to denial it. Try to think about his wife, his new life and his new job offer as a doctor. A dream that came true. He always wanted to help people, to cure them when they are hurt or injured. Just that his suppose ‘family’ wasn’t in the picture for support him in this dream and he had to find some part times jobs as working to Bobby’s for paying the college and then he met Dean. Dean was everything that he ever wanted. He is kind, compassionate, selfless, loving, caring human being he will never know. And the worst part is that Dean doesn’t even see it. Loving Dean Winchester was the easiest thing that Castiel would ever do. But be loved by him? He knew he was impossible…
Chloe, Dean, Sam and Lucifer go away from the Lux. Even though Sam was having fun with Maze while Maze not so much. Dean in the other hand was a little sad to go away and not having another moment with Cas. If maybe he stayed a little longer maybe he could have found the courage of asking about Cas number but nether Cas asked. So, maybe he just thought that what they shared together was just a lie. And then Cas didn’t like him as he like him. Wait, what now? Dean Winchester, what’s happening to you. You’re not gay and right now it’s not the moment of thinking about romantic stuff. Your dad just died for fuck sake. Well, not that he was so sad about that. His dad made life really hard for him and his brother, Sammy. And there were times where he would just give up at anything, his brother, his job with Bobby, his ex wife Lisa, his daughter Claire, even his life because of him... Because he was never good enough for him. He was never good enough for protecting Sammi from him. He was never good enough for be the perfect man, for be the perfect husband for Lisa, and a father for Claire... He was just not good enough for everybody that cares about... ’For Cas you were’ Yeah, he just gave him a stupid trench coat and he was so happy, like a baby when you give them some chocolates. ‘Ah, what he did to me’ he thought and with that thought he just waited to the detective to come back at home and maybe find who killed his stupid dad.
Dean didn't want that Cas goes away just because he loves him. So, what he will do to make him stay ?
Castiel didn’t want to stop the hug, even though because maybe it was what Dean needed in that moment. So, he kept to hold him and making sure he was okay again. When Dean stop the hug, he was relieved that Dean was alright. “Thank you, Cas. For everything. It must be difficult to find her...” “No really. A demon helped me” “A demon?” “Yes, that demon named Maze” Cas said indicating Maze, who was with Claire and another child. “Well, demon or not. Thank you, for real. If I can help you with something. Anything. Let me know” “Dean, you already helped me with the trench coat. I was the one who had to return the favor, and I'm glad that I was able to help you” ‘Damn, he’s really something...’ he thought and he didn’t notice that he was staring at Cas for too long. But Castiel didn’t it bother because he was staring at him in the same way. And the two of them were still staring each other, until Lucifer came and interrupted them. “Well, brother. I think you complete your mission. Now you can come back to the Silver City” “Yes, brother – Castiel said still looking at Dean – I should go now. Thank you, Dean. For showing me that humans are more interesting that I thought” Dean wasn’t understanding so much of what they were talking about but one thing he was getting is that Cas was going away again. “Cas, wait!” he said before Cas was going away with Mr. Morningstar “What Dean?” Castiel said, hoping for something “Can-Can I have your phone number? So, we can text or call each other if, if I need a favor again from you...” “I’m sorry Dean. But I don’t know what a phone number is” Lucifer was kind of kill his brother in that moment. “Of course he knows what a phone number is. My brother is a joker sometimes” said Lucifer, even though he didn’t know if it was true or not. “Oh, okay. So, did you wanna?” Castiel wasn’t understanding what was going on but he didn’t want to upset Dean or his brother, who was staring at him with a serious look. So he made up a lie. “Yes Dean. Just I don’t remember it right now...” “Oh, no problem brother. I save it in my phone. So, I will just text it to our gentleman here” said Lucifer with a smile in his face. “Okay - said Dean almost smiling – So, I'll wait for your brother to get your number then...” “It would be the case” said Castiel still a little confuse. But he was happy to see Dean smile. So, whatever was happening. It was a good thing. “Well, brother it’s time to go. Say goodbye for now, to our Mr. Winchester” “I’m sorry Dean. I need to go now” “Don’t worry Cas, we will see each other again. I hope so” “I hope to see you again too, Dean – Cas said and Dean was looking at him again in his beautiful blue eyes, lost by them – So, goodbye for now” “Goodbye Cas” Dean said and strangely they were shacking their hand like it was a work meeting and they just sign a contract together. And with that Cas gone ‘But just for now’ Dean thought and with that thought he keep to live his life as he always did...
It was more a Meg idea. To spent time with Dean for this weekend. In Dean and Lisa’s home. It’s true that after they separated, they decided to still live in the same house just for the kids, but they were free to be with whoever they wanted to. It was this new freedom that scared him. But Meg didn’t help it. She just finds an opportunity to make him stay with his hopeless dream. Just that, things were off with Dean lately. When he saw him on his yard, he didn’t salute him as usually. Or they didn’t do the dinners or the lunches as they usually do. Now that he thinks about, they didn’t even spoke so much even at work. He always tries to not meet him and now that he is at Dean table, like he usually do. Dean was strange, almost absent. When Lisa talked about, she and Meg being away for the summer camp. Dean’s eyes were screaming, almost freaking out to the idea of being alone with him. ‘Maybe he doesn’t want me in that way. Maybe Meg was wrong, and it just a love one sided…’ he thought and now he was questioned every decisions he was making…
Dean Winchester is straight, that’s the first thing Castiel learn about him. He loves women. Blondes, Brunettes, Asians, Sex workers. He just loves every type of women. That’s when he knew, he doesn’t have a chance with him. It hurt so bad. If it was just a random guy that he met on a bar or at college, maybe it would have been easy to heal this pain in his heart, but Dean Winchester would never be a random guy. Not for him. So, when he married Meg, he thought that finally they could be apart. Living separated life. Meg and him in a house at New York while Dean and Lisa being here, in Lebanon but life chose in another way…
I hope you enjoy it <3
“Mr. Winchester? Are you there?” said Chloe to the phone, calling Dean. “Yeah, yeah I'm here. So, you find it? The killer?” “Yeah, we did. If you and your brother want to see her. You can come to the police station. There’s a person especially that maybe you want to thanks to” A person? Who would thank Dean for finding the killer of his dad instead of the detective? “Mr. Winchester are you there?” “Yeah, yeah. Sorry, I'm just...glad that you find it” “I can tell. So, you and your brother want to come here or not?” Dean thought about that for a moment and decide to go. What could possible happen anyway? He call his brother Sammi and against Dean will, even his daughter Claire came with them, because her babysitter take the day off. When they arrived, they were surprise to figure out who did it. “Lisa?” said both Sam and Dean “Did you know her?” ask the detective to the two brothers. “Yeah, she was... she was my wife” said Dean still shocked for what Lisa did. The woman he thought he would spend all his life together was the one that killed his dad... How it happen to him? And in front of his daughter too “Dean! - Lisa yell, taked by two policemen – Dean you here! I’m so glad, I need to talk with you!” “Mr. Winchester you don’t have to talk to her, if you don’t want” said the detective to him “No, I know but... maybe I want to hear her reasons” “Dean...” said his brother preoccupied for him “It’s fine Sam. Also, I need to know why she did it...” “Okay, if you sure about it. I will wait here with Claire” said Sam “Thanks brother. And you my love could wait for me with uncle Sam – he said to Claire - I need to talk with your mom for a moment” “Dad, you will be back, right?” “Of course, sweetie. I’m not going anywhere” he said and kiss his daughter forehead. It was time to know the truth and be the man that he always wanted to be. “So, tell me, why you did that? Why you kill my father?” said Dean with a cold gaze “Dean, I'm sorry it was an accident” “Oh right, because stub my father with a knife is an accident! Don’t tell me balls Lisa! Why you do that?!” he started to yell and Lisa was a little bit scary by his ex-husband “Because it was his fault...” “His fault? About what?!” “He, he’s the reason why things couldn’t work out between us... as a married couple” “I don’t know if you crazy or just delusional. Things between us were broken before my dad. And it’s not his fault if now we are divorced and you know why we are!” “I know that I wasn’t there for Claire as a mother should be but... It was his fault” “Why on Earth you want to blame my father for our problems!?” “Because of him, you just become distant to me and you were not the man I feel in love with. I was losing you because of him. And then I lose interest...” “You lose interest?! Because I was distant for you!? What the hell Lisa, you know the reason I was distant to you is because you were never there for Claire! You were never there when we needed you! You were never there for me, when I needed you with Claire, with my dad too! You were just in your own personal world, with your work and your problems! And sorry but that’s not what I needed for who should be my partner, other than a wife!” “Oh, so you blame me?! You, Dean Winchester, you are the one that I never get! When we were married, I thought maybe I could understand you better but I never did! And when you needed me?! Because if I recall well, you never cried, or never show me how you really felt about anything! I always thought you were alright, but then your father came to our lives again and suddenly you were the one who were distant and didn’t care about anybody! Not me, not Claire, nether to your brother!” How dare she talk to him like that. How dare she doubt about his care for her, for Claire, for Sammi! He cares about them, always. Even if his dad treated as shit. He always cared about them. But who cared about him? Who cares about this stupid, useless, not good for nothing Dean Winchester? “So, you kill my father... for jealousy...?” he said with a tear came down to his cheek. She didn’t say anything but her silent was enough for him. She was arrested and that’s what was he cares about. Now, he could live his life with his daughter and his brother, knowing the truth. Even though, it hurts him a lot.
Then that day, he decided to not hold his feelings anymore. He wanted to tell the truth to him and maybe to make him understand that they can’t stay friends. Not anymore. At least for Castiel, because be around him it just hurts. Maybe he would hate him. Maybe he would reject him. Maybe he would lose him. But the thought of losing Dean made his heart hurt more than it already is…
Hy people, as I said this is Cas POV of this story, i think there will be more chapters but i don't know how i want to end with this.
“How do you feel brother?!” said Lucifer to his brother Castiel. From the dance floor, they were now in Lucifer bedroom. While Amenadiel go away. ‘Maybe he had something to do’ thought Castiel. He was glad he could meet him but right now, Castiel was enjoy something else that his brother Lucifer give to him. Humans. Most precisely, having sexual intercourse with humans. ‘Women were really beautiful and sweet to kiss’ thought Castiel and he wasn’t stop the kissing and the women touch all over his body. His brother was happy seeing him, finally getting laid. And he even said, that he could have his bed, while he may come back to the dance floor and play the piano a little bit. But another girl had some other plan. So, while Lucifer was making out in the sofa of his room, being completely naked as Castiel. Castiel was having sexual intercourse in Lucifer bed. And maybe he was enjoy it until a sound of the elevator, come trough the room and change forever his perception of humans.
‘He’s gone’ Castiel thought and he was sad that that human Dean, just go like that. He really wanted to spent some more time with him but he couldn’t. He have to find who killed Dean dad with that demon Maze and later figure out why his Father send him on Earth for this mission. Luckly with Maze, thing went really fast and they were close to find a suspect and take him to the police station. ‘Maybe he’s there’ Castiel hoped but he wasn’t. There were just his brother with that human, as he called her? Detective, detective Chloe Decker. Why his brother is so much interested to that human, he couldn't really understand it. But maybe a part of him did. But he couldn’t fell like his brother did. And also he couldn’t take the risk of breaking Father rules about having interactions with humans. Like he was doing before Dean came and made him really curious and happy someway when he found his trench coat. Yes, he really miss Dean right now.
“Hello, brother” said Castiel a little embarrassed by the hug. “Oh, don’t be so shy. You know, you’re always welcome here to the Lux. But I have to say, what’s the meaning of your visit? It’s not like I’m your favorite brother to see, after all” “It’s not like that. I always liked you Lucifer. Sometimes I envy you but that’s not the reason why I’m here” “You, envy me?! Well, Castiel you really can make a devil flatter, you know?!” Castiel look at Lucifer eyes a little bit confused then Lucifer added “Brother not like that. It would be disgusting. So, why are you here?” “I…Father say that you need my help with a new case, if you know what that mean, but I don’t know any others details about the mission” “You really are our Father soldier, Castiel. Well, I don’t anything about a new case. The detective didn’t contact me or call me. So, I think that there isn’t a case, or a ‘mission’, that you can help me trough” “Oh – said Castiel a little sad – so my time here is useless…” “Oh no Brother! Just because you don’t have a mission, that doesn’t mean we couldn’t have some fun time together! C’mon, let’s have a party to celebrate!” “You, you sure about that…?” “Of course, I’m sure. C’mon, how many times we have spent together!? Just boring ones for what I remember. C’mon, I call Amenadiel, if you want” “Amenadiel, yes, I missed him too” said Castiel with a little smile in his face. “See, then let’s have a brothers reunion!” “Alright”
“Dean. How do you found it?!” “I…It was near that piano bar, hidden. I thought that it was yours, see that Mr. Morningstar never put a trench coat, by far I know…” said Dean a little embarrassed. “Thank you, really. I thought that I lost it” said Castiel, smiling, and taking his trench coat from Dean hands. “Y-You’re welcome man” replied Dean, still a little embarrassed but also happy to help Castiel. And when he put his trench coat on, Dean was feeling that feeling again. Especially for that two unbutton bottoms at the start of his shirt. And he was smiling again, but with dirty thoughts on his mind. Dammit, Dean Winchester get a hold of your thoughts. Your dad just died and the only thing you can think about is having sex with this man. ‘Wait, what I just thought right now!’ “Dean. Dean is all right?” said Castiel breaking Dean thoughts. “Yeah, yes. I’m fine…” Dean replied but he was not really fine “I don’t think you’re feeling fine Dean – ‘Dammit, he’s good at read people’- If something is bothering you, tell me. I will be glad to help you” “You’re so kind Cas…” ‘Cas?! Why I call him Cas!?’ “I’m creating for help people. Humans. But I would really be happy to help you, Dean” said Castiel didn’t bothered by Dean nickname for him. “You’re a strange man. But I like you, for some reasons” “I like you too Dean” said Castiel without hesitation, that surprise Dean for a moment but then they were interrupted by the detective and Mr. Morningstar coming by their way.
“So, brother did you figure it out what our Father wanted for you?” asked Amenadiel before Castiel was ready to flight to the Silver City. “I don’t know for sure but maybe it was something about how I saw humans until now” “Oh, especially how you see one human in particular, brother” Lucifer added with a grin in his face “What that suppose to mean?” asked Amenadiel confused “Don’t worry brother. Our brother Lucifer was just joking” “If you really thing that I'm joking, why you want to be in that humans pants? It must be really hard for you” “Enough brothers! - said Amenadiel – Castiel, if you change your mind about humans, I’m really glad you did. They are extraordinary creatures made by our Father” “Especially, the one that you want to sleep with” added Lucifer “Lucifer!” said Amenadiel then Castiel added “Don’t worry brother, I was the one who should say the same” “What?” “That detective. She really special to you. It must be really hard for you too. Knowing that she doesn't feel the same about you” “How dare you! - Lucifer said with red eyes – you don’t know what the detective and me feels!” “Nether you know about what Dean and I feel. So, keep your opinions to yourself” “Fair enough" said Lucifer calming down “Good return to the Silver city, brother” “Thank you brothers. Maybe we will see each other again” “I hope it too” said Amenadiel “And Lucifer, thank you for the party. I really appreciate that” “Everything for my brothers” Castiel smiled and with a flap of wings. He was at home again. Even though, sometimes he hide himself on Earth for seeing if Dean left to hm any messages with the phone that Lucifer brought to him. And smiling when he actually did it. Maybe he didn’t understand what his Father wanted from him but one thing was sure. He thanked his Father for letting him know this beautiful human of Dean Winchester.
“Dean, there is something wrong?” “No, No Cas… everything is fine…” “Right. Because you weren’t avoided me for all this time…” “W-What?!” “Oh please, don’t tell me you don’t know” “No, I… I know, I might be distant to you for these past days…” “It’s that because I’m pansexual… because if it’s for my sexuality then we can…” “No! No, Cas. It’s not because you are pan or whatever…” “Then, why you are avoiding me…?” “Damn It Cas, it’s because I…” “You what Dean…?” “I…” he said it, almost whispering it, looking at Castiel eyes, almost like he is lost in them. Then he adds “I… Ever since you came out to me. And I hugged you. Telling you that I need you, that I would never break our friendship. No matter what you said to me or not say… And then we…” Oh my God. “We… - he said with a tender smile – we almost kiss. And ever since that moment, I just can’t help it…” “What do you mean?” It was hope that was making Castiel talk now. “That, man I don’t why but… Ever since that moment I can’t stop thinking about it… How it would be if Meg didn’t ruin it…” “How we’ll probably fuck in my bed, if she didn’t interrupt us…” Dean eyes were freaking out again, looking at Castiel eyes. “Yeah, something like that…” he whispered and now Castiel was coming closer to Dean. “Dean, if you want, we can try it again. Better this time” “Cas we can’t… We can’t. I’m married. You too are m…” “Me and Meg divorced” “Oh” Dean said shocked for the news, but Castiel was able to see that little smirk on his face. “Since when…” “Since I realize how much in denial I was, for someone” “Denial?” “Yes” “For, for who you are in denial…” and there another smirk, like Dean doesn’t know who is talking about. “For a guy that I always thought was straight, but then something happened and I’m again. Completely. In love with him” “Sounds like that guy is very lucky…” “Oh, not lucky as I am to have met him” Now Dean was blushing and if he wasn’t so adorable…
Chloe drove until she arrive to Dan apartment. Luckly, Dan had finished early and he was waiting for them, behind his door. “Daddy!” “Hey monkie!” Trixie welcome his dad with a huge hug. “Thank you for stay with her. I really have to go” “I know, don’t worry about that. Me and Monkie will have a great time together, don’t we Monkie?!” “Yes daddy!” said Trixie with a bright smile on his face. Chloe was happy too. If only Dan was with them like this, maybe they wouldn’t have divorce. Not, Chloe, that’s not the time for thinking about that. Now she have Pierce, even though, he isn’t in love with him. Not the way she feel for… Lucifer. Of course, Lucifer name, came to her mind. But right now she really have to go and resolve another case with him. While she was driving to location of the case, she tried to call Lucifer and see, if today he would do his job or decide that the case is too boring for his taste. Maybe, it was more the second option. She didn’t have a respond from Lucifer. She tried for two or three times but nothing. She even text him the details of the case. ‘Maybe he was already on the crime scene’ she thought but it was strange that he didn’t have the nerve of bothering her with his sarcasm and sex jokes. But right now, what she have to think about is resolving this case. And suddenly, she was at the case location, in no time.
“I won’t be here long. He’s so happy - let me enjoy this.”
“I, uh, want to learn how to dance.” Cas manages to get out, feeling slightly awkward. Why should he feel uncomfortable? What he’s asking is harmless, at least to him. Perhaps it's the gnawing realization that Dean may think it's peculiar. He has learned that in 21st century Midwestern American culture it is almost taboo for men to dance together, even for educational purposes.
Have some basic decency and hold up your end of the deal to the
“I can feel now.” Cas starts. “I have my grace but I can feel. I fear death. I truly fear dying and the consequences now, unlike before.”
His train of thought is interrupted as the chorus ends and the pace picks up with an acoustic guitar. Dean smiles and gestures to him to keep up.
That is exactly what Cas does.
Before Cas can express his gratitude to an entity he hates nearly as much as God himself, the figure before him begins to shed its persona and melt into nothing. As the Shadow extends its arm so that the outstretched hands are the only tangible thing Cas can see in the darkness, they make contact with his chest just long enough for him to feel yet another blast of indescribable pain as he is pushed into nothingness.
“I appreciate the sentiment but again, it won't comfort me.”
“I don't deal with humans. Angels and demons? My domain. I can and will get them to sleep so I can return to my bliss. Humans, on the other hand, should be dealt with elsewhere.”
chat.”
It’s loud.
Dean slides the beer back in and closes the cooler. He pulls the keys from his pocket to pop the cap off his own beer. He shifts in his seat. The pair is silent for a few moments as Cas looks down at his folded hands in his lap. Dean takes a sip of his beer and shuts his eyes, tilting his head back. If what Cas needs is a comforting presence, then that's what Dean will be. Honestly, he’s still at a loss for words. Dean’s never been one to sit, hold your hand, and coddle you through the emotional times. But right now he really wants to be.
In Dean’s room there is clearly no evidence of raunchy magazine reading, but rather his ipod, a cassette player and cassettes scattered on the bed. The player has a tape in it with an almost illegible title, sharpie smudged with time.
. He thinks. This is hard for Cas to talk about and he isn’t exactly being delicate. Cas is still looking at his hands, eyes scanning back and forth, perhaps for an answer.
He’s overthinking. Stop it.
* * * * * * * * * * *
. Dean thinks.
Cas notices the wrinkles by Dean's eyes as he smiles.
Once again Deans at a loss for words like the fucking idiot he knows he is. Cas loves him. He loves all of them. Dean can’t remember the last time he told someone that and Cas, a being that's supposed to be unfeeling, just told him he
Nearly overwhelmed, the door opens and Cas is pulled from his stupor as he isn’t met with Dean’s face, but rather a gun leveled at his head. Cas takes a step back and raises his hands, slightly panicked at the threat of a gun with the newfound finality of his human mortality.
Cas takes a moment to think. Yes, he is millenia old and not once has he taken the opportunity to appreciate music in this way. He hasn't been afforded the luxury. Even now, after all the years of his existence, it takes the Righteous Man’s resurrected mother to even get him to dwell on the idea. With her return Cas feels that he owes her the utmost respect. The fallen angel had experienced many things - the most human of them being with the Winchesters. What would be the harm in indulging Mary by having Dean teach him to dance?
The chorus comes around and Cas starts to hear Dean humming the tune. “American Pie”, up to this point seems to be a ballad of tragedy. He wonders why Dean picked this particular song, other than its “variety”.
A cut off Dean takes a breath. He’s worked up and his eyes -
“Dean, I don’t have a soul so most likely not.”
Cas senses that there’s an awkwardness to the situation. Standing a little over two feet apart, the sight of two grown men moving side to side and barely making eye contact must be quite odd. Of course while Dean’s eyes dart around the room Castiel’s stay fixated on him and how he moves.
Wide eyed, Cas stands there comprehending the chance given to him. He starts to feel something in his chest. It aches deep into his core. It’s something he’s felt once, long ago when his grace was gone and he saw Dean for the first time - truly, honestly, humanly - upon surviving that encounter with the rogue angel. The effects of this solution are beginning to set in.
“He does that on his own. Sam and I aren’t much into dancing.”
* * * * * * * * * *
Dean smiles.
Dean reaches out to grasp his shoulder in the only sympathetic act he can think of in the moment.
“Noisy” is all Cas can manage as sound fills every part of him alongside his loathing for the only other entity he will probably see for all eternity.
His hips sway and just as he hits the line
As Cas disrobes, Dean goes and places the cassette player on his dresser. He presses a button and it whirls to life with a click. The lyrics start up right away but Dean takes the slow intro to walk back to Cas and get situated.
Sam drops his gaze to the ground and chuckles. He gives his mother a quick peck on the cheek and continues down the hallway, laptop in hand.
A faint desperate and futile call for Eileen followed by a gruff and panicked “Sam, no!” come from inside. Cas waits as he hears hurried footsteps ascend the staircase. His chest tightens at that spot on the left side and begins to spread to the pit of his stomach. Yet, somehow, he’s happier than he’s ever been. He has no idea how things will go for him and the only three other living things left on Earth. Even if their time is cut short, it's an opportunity better than he could have ever imagined.
Cas shakes his head and grits his teeth. “I will always have something to live for. Spite goes both ways.”
you love.” The Shadow corrects in an attempt to pull at already strained heartstrings.
He lifts Cas’ hands to his shoulders. “Put your hands right here and,” He pauses briefly, eyes flickering down Cas’ torso and then back up. “If it's okay, I will put my hands on your waist.”
Cas puts his other hand on top of Dean’s to steady it. Dean lets out a huff, runs his free hand through his hair, and looks away.
Castiel makes it to Dean’s room shortly after 11pm. Sam is still sitting in the library on his laptop and last Cas saw Mary was headed to her own room just down the hall. Dean “went to bed”, or so he told his mother and brother, nearly an hour ago, much to their surprise. He had mentioned something about catching up on some magazines, and nobody pushed the subject further.
Dean opens his eyes and sets the beer he was holding to his chest on the table. “Why? Why now? I mean you’ve died before, anticipated death before.”
Dean leans down further and their noses touch. Cas can no longer hear the last chorus of the song, sung by what seems to be a choir of lost people. His heartbeat is ringing in his ears for the first time in his existence.
He will never admit it, but the cruelty and poetry of the deal and its outcome was incredibly exquisite on the Shadow’s behalf.
“Towards the end it got real bad and you had moments left and it finally hit me because the denial was gone. You were going to most definitely die with Ramiel gone. You were going to just be gone. Dead. And I couldn’t bring myself to comfort you the way you deserved and it eats me alive because what kind of fucking awful -”
Cas looks up at him now for the first time. “Remember when I said we have a profound bond?”
“I hadn’t thought that through.” Cas admits. “I just want to learn how to appreciate music more fully since you and Sam have it playing constantly now. Seems enjoyable to be able to move your body and limbs to a rhythm and beat in an aesthetically pleasing way.”
This is where the story picks up. Mary, confused as all hell, was brought back to their bunker home in Lebanon, Kansas. They were greeted by a baffled Sam and Castiel. As Sam hugged Dean, tighter than he ever had within memory, Cas looked to the far corner of the room, head cocked. It took Sam a moment to notice the mother he never really got to know standing in the doorway in her 80’s esque nightgown, hand over her heart and teary eyed herself. When he did, his heart nearly stopped.
Suddenly, the gun hits the ground and much to Cas’ surprise it doesn't discharge. Perhaps it was never actually loaded, or at least cocked. He chooses to not dwell on the reason that might be. Dean’s jaw is slack and Cas can tell that he’s holding his breath.
“Shhh. It's good. Trust me.”
“Castiel.” Cas’ attention snaps back to the moment. Dean looks at him, visibly scared but intent.
“It used to be much worse thanks to the stunt Jack pulled. But I’m making my rounds, shutting them up. Although, I’m losing my patience. How’s the combination angel radio and demon chatter? Pleasant, I imagine.”
Sam gives a “good night” and gingerly pats Cas on the shoulder before heading down the hall from the library to his room. Dean hovers a little longer as Cas sits himself down at the table.
“You have something to live for now.” Dean says, soft and almost a whisper. “You’re scared to leave us.” Cas nods his head, staring at the table, not having yet met Dean’s eyes.
Castiel, completely and utterly human and happier than he’s ever been in his entire existence, allows his voice to break. It absolutely shatters.
“I’ve always cared about you, Dean. But it wasn’t until recently that I actually put human phraseology to it beyond simply caring.”
They’re both quiet for a few minutes.
The Shadow smiles and looks around melodramatically. “Elsewhere. We’re having a
Dean grabs Cas’ hand from his face and rests it on the table, his own hand covering it. His hand shakes a little.
This time Cas adverts his eyes to look at her. “Teach me?”
“It would be fun.” she shrugs. “An old dog like yourself could stand to learn some new tricks.”
“Different?” Dean can only manage one word questions at the moment.
Dean doesn't realize there's a knot in his chest until it seems to unravel. He lets out a laugh. “So you love me a lot? Like a celestial shit ton?”
Castiel fights the urge to lose consciousness before he makes the hard impact into nothingness in the Empty. Tears still wet on his cheeks, he looks around and is met by the eternally annoyed entity once again wearing Meg’s face. The reverence it holds for the long dead demon is quite interesting. At least it’s a consistent change from the god-awful British copy of his vessel.
The Shadow steps up to Cas so they’re face to face now. “If I ever encounter you again I will tear the universe into pieces so there is nothing left. This is the one and only mercy I will ever grant in my existence and I am
Thankfully, Cas is the one to break the silence.
“Dean’s grown up to be a pretty smooth dancer.” Mary whispers just loud enough for Cas to hear with the music playing. He nods his head, eyes unwavering from the performance in front of them.
As they hug Cas buries his face into Dean's shoulder, breathing him in. He smells of home. He lifts his face from Dean’s tee shirt clad shoulder and looks back up at him. Their faces are not even five inches apart by now.
Cas feels his voice return to his throat and takes it as his time to speak. “You’re - you’re sending me back? After our deal?”
Cas is sure to knock on the door, not knowing exactly what Dean is doing behind it. Dean opens it quietly, peeks his head out and scans the hallway before ushering Cas in like a couple of teenagers running a secret club. In haste, the door doesn't click shut and lies cracked ever so slightly open.
“Does that mean we’re soulmates?”
They all gather at the bunker that night. Except Mary.
Eventually Sam catches on as well. As he stops on his way to his own room to see what the commotion is about, Mary ushers him away.
For a secret lesson, the pair is awfully loud. Laughs and mediocre sing alongs echo from the room. Mary never quite made it to her room, suspecting what was happening down the hall. She peers through the cracked door and listens with a smile on her face.
“You were really bad.” Dean admits, but that’s not a revelation. “It was ugly and definite and there - for once - seemed like no way out.”
Cas’ eyes widen. It takes Dean a good two minutes or so. Meanwhile, Cas just looks at him. The hunter’s eyes are wide and somewhat watery as they frantically scan the ceiling. He silently tries to form words with his lips and licks them nervously. Cas knows what he’s planning to say. He may be new to fully comprehending the concept, but he now realizes he’s felt it for years.
“Okay Cas,” He says loud enough to just be heard with the music. “It's gonna get to a slow part.”
“Dean.” Cas says, toying between a question, statement, and greeting. Dean’s surprise is subtle - a slight flinch - but enough to be seemingly out of character for a seasoned hunter.
“Well I’m glad you asked me. You’re a weird little guy but you’re the best friend I’ve ever had outside of Sammy.” Dean pulls Cas in for a hug, untangling their arms and readjusting them to make up for the slight height difference.
“Why don’t you ask my mom? This sounds like a mom thing to do.”
* * * * * * * * *
“Hello, Dean.”
“It’s okay.” He says in a basic attempt to comfort.
Dean shifts where he stands. He’s debating compromising his machismo, or so Cas guesses. Castiel can’t read minds but the skill currently topping the list of things he most wants in this existence. Dean interrupts his thought, looking toward the high ceilings of the library.
Castiel winces now as his senses are flooded by a deafening sound. One he hasn’t heard in ages.
Man, I dig those rhythm and blues
There is no way to tell how much time has passed on Earth, with the exception that he knows he died on an ironic Thursday in March and the season hasn’t seemed to progress much. Cas walks to the door of the bunker, leaves crunching loudly in the quiet. He pauses briefly before knocking three times on the door. They’re solid knocks with as much intention as he can muster now feeling the discomfort that comes with being under dressed for the elements.
The song is nearly nine minutes long and while it’s plenty of time to get some good dancing in, it doesn’t seem nearly long enough. Cas doesn’t know any of the lyrics but Dean fills his silence with bits and pieces of the song, both on key and comedically off key. As the song progresses with its upbeat tempo the pair gets more adventurous. Dean eventually gets Cas to twirl and swing from extended arms into himself… and vice versa. As Dean comes to figure out, his Castiel is a quick learner.
Before is a long time. It’s a monumentally long time, like millenia. Cas never felt fear towards dying like this? Not even during his time as a human? Now that Cas has his grace back his death would be like it was always anticipated - nothingness probably. Even his killing of Billie wouldn’t have changed that. He has no soul to throw into the Void as an alternative to Heaven. It doesn’t quite make sense to Dean.
Mary Winchester, whose death got the Winchester men to dabble with what goes bump in the night, has simply come back to life after over thirty years. By the grace of God himself and his sister, Mary has a second chance at life - and three decades to make up for in time.
Castiel opens his mouth but before he can speak the Shadow rubs its fingers together and his voice catches in his throat and it continues.
“I can’t further explain it. Love is the most adequate descriptor I have.”
in this body. Age in this body.
The Golden Age of the Winchesters was longer lived than any times of peace that had preceded it. Days and months passed without threat. Sam and Dean had stopped going on small hunts for the first time in ages. That antsy feeling that would build in Dean's bones when he had to do something didn’t return. Sam began to read for pleasure rather than necessity. But the biggest change was the music that constantly filled the halls of their home.
Back inside his room, as if it were ingrained in his memory, Dean slows down to catch his breath just as the song prepares to slow down itself.
“Exactly.” Cas challenges.
The Shadow looks resigned yet less full of rage than before it left. Cas can’t tell how much time has gone by but it seems just enough for the Shadow to come to some sort of decision, most likely out of haste and impatience. It lets out an irritated sigh, ready for declaration.
The shadow makes a little scowl. “Then go the fuck to sleep so I can focus on the others.”
“Just kind of mirror what I do to start.” he begins. Dean moves his shoulders and then his body back and forth slowly, side to side. Cas begins to do the same.
They stand there like that for a while.
“I’m going to do it. I’m going to say it. Just give me a second.”
Finally, Castiel relaxes and gives Dean a rare toothy grin. Their recent brush with God makes the lyrics almost comical. Dean reaches out, hand extended yet hesitant. Cas looks from the hand to him and Dean gives a shrug.
It’s shortly past midnight when the three of them make it back to Lebanon. The two and a half hour drive was silent. There's an air of sadness in the Impala. Dean doesn’t speak much, nor does Sam. The quiet is potent but needed. As thoughts run through his head, Dean keeps a careful eye on the Continental driving ahead of them. Rather than going ahead and speeding free range the drive home, he’d opted to follow Cas.
- are watering. His chest is tight again and it burns this time around, making its way to the pit of his stomach too. He grabs the beer on the table and takes a loud gulp, as if it will make anything easier.
his empty hand shoots out just to twist as he smoothly pulls it back to the music. Its an oddly delicate sight.
He feels a sharp blinding pain in his gut in response. The Shadow throws its hands up and spins around in a tantrum. “Why?!” It bellows into the dark expanse. “I’m so
Later on in the day he approaches Dean in the Bunker’s library as he starts to reset a game of “beer bowling”. His stuff is sprawled out on the table, per usual. As Cas comes around the corner his voice catches Dean off guard.
“Huh?”
. I can't find a way to break you into submission. I just need you out of my hands once and for all so I can
“Finally, you’re dress!” said Chloe to Lucifer “Detective, you are the first woman that ever said something like that to this” said Lucifer, showing his body with his hands. “The fact that you consider your body so hot, really bothers me” “You call me hot. Aw, I must say that things between you and Pierce aren’t going well, if you find me hot” said Lucifer, looking at the ground a little sad “Lucifer, my relationship with Pierce is not of your business and no, we don’t have problems. We are fine” “Just fine?” “I-I mean good. Great. Things with him are going really great and again it’s not of your business” “Yeah, right. I just thought that we were friends, whom can talk about everything…” “Oh really, like you’re not jealous ever time I’m with another man then you!?” “What’s your problem today detective?! Why are you so angry with me?!” “Because I need you for this case and when I thought that the reason…Maybe the reason about why you didn’t respond to my calls, was that maybe you…You disappear like last time…And you left me alone, again…” “Detective…” said Lucifer with a preoccupied look at his face. “Then I come here and I see you messing around, having sex with others women, what frankly I don’t care. And having a party for who?! Who is this man?!” “He is my brother, Castiel. And I’m having a party to celebrate his coming to Earth for his first time” “Yeah, that thing… So, you have another brother besides Amenadiel and you didn't tell me?! Yeah, I think we are really good pretty friends” “Detective, you never show a particular interest about my family and you never asked!?” “Yes! Because every time I try to talk about your family, you are always ‘my dad made me do it’ or ‘it’s my dad fault’ and I thought that it was a hard subject for you. And I didn’t want to hurt you” “Detective, you really care about me” “Of course I care about you. You’re my partner and… my friend, despite everything” “I really care about you too, Detective” said Lucifer with a little smile on his face. Chloe was glad to hear that words from him. “So, me and you are fine now?” ask Lucifer “Yeah, we’re good” Lucifer was happy hearing that. “So, what this case is about? And why there is another man with you?! Not that I care” “Actually, there are two men” “Detective, I didn’t thought you were so promiscuous. So, where is this other man?” “I think he’s at the dance floor, dancing with Maze” “Oh well, that would be a scene that I don’t want to miss. But why this gentlemen are here with you?” “Well, they are the sons of the victim and I thought that if they could spent sometimes at the Lux. They could have some fun and celebrate their father’s death as they said their father wanted” “Well, this was really like you” ‘What that suppose to mean?’ she thought and sudden a feeling of kissing him was interrupted by Lucifer, who just go to where the other men were. ‘What the hell’ she thought
They stay like this for a long time. With Castiel buried deep, even if softening, inside of Dean, and Dean sheltered beneath him, enjoying his weight and warmth, his adoring kisses all over his face and neck, and just resting his head on Castiel’s thick arm. Every now and then, Castiel gives a weak roll of his hips, eliciting a squelching sound and a weak clench of Dean’s hole, but nothing more than this. After all, its only purpose is as a reminder that Castiel is still within him, that their bound is unbroken, they are still united in body and soul, both of their existences infinitely intertwined, and will remain so.
Dean follows suit and starts on his burger as well. But he has a harder time keeping quiet, and yet, he can’t find it in him to regret his lack of inhibition when all of his pleased sighs and muttered, ‘So good’s seem to ensure that the smile stays on Castiel’s face, even brightens when Dean swallows down his bite along with the beginnings of a moan, and averts his eyes in embarrassment.
So he keeps his mouth shut and nods instead.
“Alright,” Castiel says in a voice that, came it from any other person, would be followed by him clapping his hands, to further illustrate how finalizing it is. As it is, it is followed by a nod and a smile by Castiel. “But once you know, please tell me.”
“Not appropriate?”
“I was considering getting up and preparing breakfast for you, to wake you up with coffee and to serve it to you in bed. And I meant to do this ever since your alarm went off.”
“Dean, you should be well-aware by now that I will not ‘just keep going’ when it is obvious that I am hurting you.” Although Castiel’s hands are still stroking soothingly over Dean’s, a stark contrast to the sternness of his voice, Dean can all but feel the air quotes in his words. “It has been a while since we had time to enjoy each other like this,” Castiel continues, softer now, in the way he only ever does when he thinks that Dean is not just being irrational, but also trying to harm himself, and wants him to see reason, “it is only natural that your body does not invite me in as easily as it does when we have had more time to ourselves. We can go slower or pleasure each other in different ways if this is too much at the moment; to me, being inside or outside of your body is equally as lovely, as satisfying, so as long as I am with you.”
“When I woke up, you were sitting there with your head in your hands, looking kinda… deep in thought. Or desperate or something. I don’t know. Unhappy, maybe.” And is he still now and just putting on a show? Or was this just one of those things in Dean’s head again?
Dean draws in a deep breath, and he hears himself shudder. “C-Castiel,” he says, because he knows that this is what —
His little stutter seems not to abate Castiel’s doubts, only worsen them. “Really?” he asks, his forehead crinkled because of how high his eyebrows have climbed.
in their eyes. With a mutual heat that is only simmering, already stoked and extinguished enough when they were on the couch in Castiel’s office, and now it’s nothing more than a simple acknowledgment of attraction and of their arrangement, but nothing urgent or substantial. The most that comes out of it is Castiel putting his hand on Dean’s thigh, petting it so slowly that it takes some time for Dean to notice when he eventually stops to move it and just lets it rest there.
“As much as that is true, Dean and I were actually in the middle of an important conversation that we would like to resume. It’s a rather private matter that we wanted to discuss in a familiar, comfortable environment, which is why we came here, but that we would still like privacy for.” He smiles kindly at her, in an obvious attempt to show that his words are not supposed to mean
Castiel puts a hand on the back of his neck, a silent command for Dean to retain his position instead of to keep grabbing for him, and it’s working so perfectly to keep Dean in place without pushing him into it and without forcing him to present, and yet, it’s still what Dean does, presenting his ass and exposing his hole, accompanied by a cried-out “Seven!” and ending on a loud and shameless moan.
When Dean blinks up at Castiel with heavy, droopy eyelids, fighting a losing battle to keep them open, he sees Castiel’s eyes, closed although fluttering, and his lips curved up into a small smile.
“The marks will stay for as long as you want them to, Dean. For however long you allow me to touch you like this, to hold and caress you. Any minute I have the rights to call you my submissive is an honour already, but to be given the privilege to let your skin show it too, to let anyone else see, is even more than that, almost unbearably so.”
“Thank you as well, Dean,” Novak says, and for a moment, Dean wonders if Novak will give him another compliment in return, just one more nicety, and he dreads and craves it in equal measure. But then Jo comes strolling back to their table, bringing them their usual drinks – some gross, syrupy juice for Novak and a water with a slice of lemon in it for Dean (because even if he already splurges on burgers, he doesn’t need to make it even worse by drinking alcohol or something sweet). She informs them that their burgers will be ready in twenty minutes tops, then she raises an eyebrow at a probably still blushing Dean and leaves them to their business.
ways to fit them together.
as much anymore when Castiel showers him with kisses and praise for being so open and good for him and accepting him inside so easily.
The man only blinks at him for the fraction of a second, assessing him as if he could smell Dean’s fear, and then his eyes are directed forward again.
“Dean,” Castiel says, voice low and dangerous, “I don’t remember giving you permission to rub yourself up against me, did I?”
Because it’s all good.
“Uh- uhm.” Dean hedges, and Cas remains patiently silent.
Cas’ face goes from shocked to hurt to crestfallen. “Oh, Dean,” he says, so small and soft that it breaks Dean’s heart a bit. “I meant every word of this.”
With any other guy and under any other circumstances, the way one of Castiel’s hands suddenly roamed his body while the other held Dean tightly against his own body probably would have felt like someone trying to cop a feel against Dean’s will. Especially since Castiel did not exactly hold back, but panted as though holding back a sob while he touched any part of Dean’s body he could reach. As it was, Dean knew it wasn’t Cas’ intention to molest him or make him uncomfortable: it was self-reassurance, pure and simple. Something Dean understood instinctively, had needed more than enough times himself. Which was why he didn’t shy away or tell Castiel to stop. No, instead, he relaxed himself into his hold, and nuzzled back against his head.
“Well done, Dean.” Castiel nods. “If it’s like this, then you may come here now to lie over my lap.”
There’s reassurance in all this, of both the emotional and the sensual kind, and Dean is glad that Castiel doesn’t just passively take his kisses and his burden of confused affection. It feels as though there is forgiveness and acceptance and adoration in each and every kiss, mutually from both of them, and it dissipates Dean’s anxiety, his anticipation for hurt and his fear of an end to them.
“You are so beautiful, Dean. Your soul, your body, all of you is radiant.”
He doesn’t know what to do or which way to go, and apparently, Castiel notices.
But Dean shames the temple and, in turn, the god Castiel. Because even though an Omega, he did not grow up beautiful and becoming of a temple servant, he turned out repugnant: his physique is far too broad, his hands and feet and shoulders laughably rivaling any Alpha’s, his skin is sullied by freckles instead of even in colour and milky pure, his eyes never turned golden, and it is well-known that what is between his legs is too thick and large and obscene for an Omega.
” Dean begs.
yesterday. It’s a bit of a ridiculous notion, but Dean can’t let go of that fear, not entirely. Maybe he had been punished for being a slut one time too many.
to be taken care of.
He doesn’t know whether time moves slow or fast after that, whether it’s a blur of movements and voices or if it’s crawling by dully. He remembers Officer Novak’s smile, and not much after that; he’s pretty sure he’s said something, maybe answered some questions (which would most likely have been the same ones Officer Novak has asked all evening; how old are you, who’s your legal guardian, where do you live?), maybe spilled something more, especially tears, but it’s hard to recall.
Dean swallows heavily.
Dean just sits still and silent, ears perked up eagerly, no matter how surprising the change in topic is, and waits for Castiel to continue, to properly speak out his suggestion. And what Dean suspects him to be about to suggest, his dick is certainly on board for already.
“No. If you don’t keep your promise, then no spanking at all will take place. Neither as punishment nor in any other context,” Castiel deadpans. Despite his clear-cut words, his hands are still busy petting any part of Dean they can access, and Castiel’s lips, too, are grazing his brows. He may be serious, but still playful. “I need to be able to trust you, Dean. In the same way that it is essential that you will come to fully trust me.”
Castiel holds his gaze while Dean internally resigns and simply settles on the conclusion that there isn’t much he’s able to do, that he will just let Castiel do as he wants to.
-- without any ultimate purpose.
The image these words immediately paint in Castiel’s head has him rub the side of his face against Dean and his swelling knot against the cock still hidden behind Dean’s dress pants. “I want that, too,” Castiel promises, nipping his words into Dean’s skin.
Soon enough, there are little dots, not quite hickeys, no marks without permission, in the dip of Dean’s hip and around his navel and the slope that leads to his crotch. They are beautiful, although sadly, Dean knows them to be gone by the next morning.
sir,” Dean whines, helpless between wanting to listen and believe and wanting to clasp his hands over his ears and lock out all these nice things that Castiel is doing or saying, all in an attempt to make him feel good. And Dean does, genuinely, if only because he knows that whatever Castiel says is not said in order to mock or hurt him, but -- no matter how true or untrue his words are -- they are meant to be kind. Which is why it is not so important in itself whether Dean can believe all or any word he says, but that he knows
not now that all of it is already bleeding from him fast, leaving only those warm feelings that he floated on top of at the beginning of the week.
“Dean,” Castiel breathes against Dean’s lips, hot and a little broken.
All of them sleep soundly through the night.
Castiel smiles softly down at his papers. “So, I think we could resume that you like to have company after a scene and that you enjoy, as one might say, creature comforts.”
One of Castiel’s brow curls, and before he even opens his mouth, Dean knows he is about to disagree. “Did it?”
And just like that, Castiel takes both their erections in hand, squeezes them together in a way that immediately has Dean choke on his comeback, that has him buck up and that has him moan, just like his Dom wants him to.
.” Dean feels himself grasp at the garments of Castiel, in an attempt to make sense of what an actual god
you to be more careful. I know you want to help me, but,” he enunciates each word as clearly and soberly as he can while his hands slip even lower, no trace of subtlety left. Without much thought, he finally strokes over the whole rounded expanse of Dean’s butt, enjoying the soft give and hinted-at muscles of it, and cups it.
The sound of the motel room’s bathroom door falling shut has Dean instantly awake.
fuck me, why has this gotten so long
Which turned out alright, even if not overwhelmingly so. It was obvious that Castiel tried his hands on a very elaborate meal, but even with all the right ingredients and cookbook, his lack of cooking skills showed in the end. The food was still good and thankfully healthy and the few burnt pieces of meat were almost not apparent at all. And really, the fresh assortment of berries and molten chocolate (of which Dean allowed himself a tiny bit) made sure that Dean could only ever remember this meal favourably.
Castiel smiles. And as soft as it seems, it elicits a shiver to run down Dean’s spine – albeit not one of fear or coldness.
And maybe he imagines it, but when Dean slips behind the small partition to take seat on his somewhat creaky wooden chair he has gotten so used to, he thinks he sees a flash of teeth and gums from in front of him, (a crescent, his mind supplies him with), already gone when Novak puts his tablet and empty glass to the side and leans forward.
“Bothering with what?” Castiel asks in return as he finds his own hands holding onto Dean, digging into the soft flesh of his lover.
Castiel shushes him and thankfully takes his hand away again.
“I know I have said that I would take you in my mouth first, lick and suck your cock and your balls and only then would I do this, taste you where you must be just as sensitive and just as perfect.” Castiel presses his thumbs to where both butt cheeks meet, following the rim with one finger each, making Dean shudder. He caresses the indeed sensitive place for nothing more than the span of a few breaths and then parts them, spreading the cheeks from one another, exposing a hole that Dean can actually feel clench under Castiel’s gaze. “You must forgive me as I want to ‘change things around a bit’ first, as you are so fond of doing as well.”
“Oh.”
And despite the jolt of curiosity and something else, that base desire to receive a reward meant for him, he needs a few moments to recompose himself, to rein in the trembling of his hands and the flutter of his heart. And only then, when he has braced himself, his whole mind awash with that foreboding, that Dean opens the box, inside of which lies, in a colour as deep and luscious as the paper it was wrapped in was, a moss green necktie. Yes, moss green and beautiful and with little little golden elements stitched into it, barely visible to the naked eye and only clear to Dean thanks to the light that falls on the necktie, making the golden symbols that look like crescents stand out.
“Oh,” Castiel says, sounding maybe a touch embarrassed, but pleased nonetheless. “Then I’m glad.”
It takes one painful week for them to meet up again. Though, Dean would have appreciated if there had, in fact, been
It’s barely a minute after sending his confirmation that his phone vibrates in his hands, shaking them up even more, running a shiver through his body. And when he opens the message he got in return for his simple
if it isn’t hot for Castiel to be about to do this because he wants to, intending indeed to lick him out like this instead of just blowing Dean or getting him off with his hand. He’s
Dean doesn’t really know what to say to that. Because he’s well-aware that any protests would fall on deaf ears, that Castiel wouldn’t want to listen to Dean’s doubts about this admission and especially about himself. All Dean does is take and take, but not take care of anyone else. Least of all of Castiel. Because that’s his forte, it’s what Castiel does relentlessly. And just accepts with a smile and some praise and the weirdest of notions, according to which Castiel is the one to have been dealt a lucky hand.
Out of pure instinct, Dean snorts at that. Because he might be many things, and even he can admit that his face doesn’t hurt to look at at least, but to call his
so much more than you as a submissive. Your well-being should always come first. Not the scene or me or anything else.”
“I missed you,” Castiel says honestly, “when I woke up, you weren’t in bed.”
Castiel watches the messengers head out with eyes that sting after a sleepless night, and he only goes to bed afterwards because he knows that all he can do is wait now. that despite his clumsy, straightforward plan, formed between the last heat of the fire place and the first light of the day, he won’t have anything to do until Dean is here, until he has seen him once more, maybe one last time. he craves that much, owes Dean that much
Dean is a servant in the temple of Castiel, a god who has been blessing and watching over the mountain and the valleys at its foot for centuries; he’s a benevolent deity who, in return, demands nothing but a humble temple and a handful of worshippers in his name. All of these worshippers are Omegas and tend to come from renowned families who offer their children as a sign of their deference to their god and of that they are affluent enough to let one of their children go instead of setting them to work or marrying them off to any generously paying Alpha.
instead of trying to seduce Castiel and his men, Dean puts up a fight. he claws and punches and kicks (rather well) and absolutely refuses to back down. even under the threat of one very agitated guard to do unspeakable things to him and the most private parts of his body (and for the very threat alone, Castiel has the guard’s fingers being broken and him sent home), Dean still spits and sneers
The first light of the next day is already starting to peek into Novak’s office and brushes over both their heads when Novak signs the last paper and, with a thump and a sigh, they close the last folder.
an object and symbol at the same time, and indeed not just a small gift for good work, a thoughtless present bought at a store or taken from a drawer, but an honest
Dean scrunches up his nose, but keeps his eyes pointedly fixed at the toast in his hands. Hesitantly, he begins to open the cold and half-frozen plastic packaging.
time, it’s four slaps, in a harsh and quick succession, to the sensitive inside of his thighs again. This time, it really stings.
“While that might be true, I am not certain to what extent you were able to be aware of what was happening and to consent to--”
And yet, there’s something about the image of Castiel feeding him that makes it sound not all bad. Such as Castiel’s fingers brushing against Dean’s lips when he puts a new bite into his mouth or Castiel choosing to spend all this and effort on preparing some food with nothing else in mind put to feed it to Dean or Castiel calling Dean a good boy when he has managed to eat up all that Castiel has offered and made for him. Those fingers brushing away and crumbs from Dean’s cheeks and asking him if he would like to taste something else now.
And Dean doesn’t even notice that he’s sobbing until the tears are already reaching his lips, softly and salty kissing them, and until his body is trembling with his sobs.
A wave of embarrassment washes over Dean. He must make an unappealing picture, in his probably sweaty smelling dress shirt and with dark circles under his eyes and with all of his clothing and hair rumpled and ready to be washed. His only saving grace is the beautiful green tie around his neck, and that’s only because it has been given to him, because something as beautiful and valuable came from the very man Dean is meeting. Dean couldn’t ever possess something like that by himself.
with Castiel’s name broken on his lips and endless sloppy thrusts of his hips, as he is filled to the brim with all that is good and lovely and
“So you like feeling good, Dean? Is that it?”
Dean swallows heavily.
“Yeah?” Dean breathes out heavily at that and wiggles upwards, even though Castiel is too far from him to reach. He wants Castiel to touch him even more, wants him all pressed up against his back and ass and every last toe, no matter how much it would burn right now. He might moan in pain and cry out if Castiel did, but he would still want it. Would still find pleasure and solace in the weight of Castiel’s body.
This time, Dean’s answering sound is neither an echo nor entirely sane; it’s utterly
“Good,” Castiel says and slowly breaks away from Dean, unwinding his arms enough to not have them wrapped around his shoulders anymore, but to have them firmly on his hips, providing more than enough stability for Dean not to slip. Castiel then sits back enough to have his feet touch his butt and for his shins to be pressed all against the floor, taking a position that won’t let him waver. He pulls Dean a bit closer to himself and encourages him with guiding hands to put his legs around his hips and waist, to properly straddle him, which Dean does with a pleased sigh.
Castiel’s thumb and index finger play around Dean’s chin, coaxing at first and then, when Dean doesn’t really react, guiding it up, along with his gaze. It’s for Dean to find a face that seems unwilling – or unable – to keep its emotions at bay; joy along with something darker, a faint note of something Dean just recently got a taste of his own of.
Yeah, happy...
“Brother, I’m so glad you here” said Lucifer welcoming his other brother, Castiel with a hug.
“Dean, can I kiss you?” “Cas I’m… I’m still married…” “I know, that’s why I’m asking. I just want you to know that we can just kiss and pretend that it never happened. I can leave you and be happy with your wife, with your family while I will try to live my life without you… I can do that. Because at least, I would have you for one night and then savoring the memory of us in my mind…” Dean couldn’t believe what he just heard. “It would be enough…” he whispered “What?” “I said, it would be enough for you. Just having me for one night…?” “No. But as I said it will be” “Then, don’t leave me” Dean said and then their lips just collide…
When Cas close his bedroom door, Dean was a little bit panicking. “Okay Cas. Now or you talk or I'm about to freak out, man” ha said, and Cas nodded, then he added “I’m sorry it took me so long to finally say it to you. But from the moment we met, I did want to tell you. There wasn’t a day in which I blame myself to keep this thing from you-” “Okay, now I'm about to freak out” “Just let me explain. I thought that if I told you what I'm about to tell you now. Maybe you wouldn’t be any more my friend and the thought just made me feel miserable and hurt. Because I can’t live in this world without you... Without your friendship” Dean was looking at Cas like he was insane and then he adds “Cas! There’s nothing that would break our friendship. And I would never do that, because I feel the same way about you” Cas eyes were sparkles and Dean, laughing, add “I mean, about our friendship, haha” “Right” “So, what is this secret you were so scared to tell me?” “Dean - he said with a broken voice – I'm pansexual” “Oh” Dean said with a sudden silent then follow though. “I’m sorry but what does that mean?” Dean asked and Cas smile at that “Of course you don’t know what that means, haha” “I’m not really a sexual expert haha. Well, just when he comes to have sex” he said that ironically, winking to Cas, but he didn’t think that Cas would stare at him like he took it as an invitation. Then he said, “So what, are you gay or something...?” “Pansexuality means that I find sexual or romantic attraction to a person, regardless his gender” “Oh. Cool, I mean when someone’s hot is hot. You can’t be blind, haha” “Dean - he said almost crying – you don’t how much your words mean to me” Dean looking how broken Cas was, he holds him tightly, into his arms and he made sure that Dean wasn’t going anywhere. He would never leave his best friend. “Cas, that’s what you were scared about to tell me?” “I know, it sounds stupid now” “Hey, it’s not stupid. Every part of what makes you you is not stupid. And don’t ever think or be afraid that I will leave you. For this or for something else. I adore you, just the way you are man. I need you in my life. I simply need you Cas, haha” “Dean - he said looking at Dean green eyes – I don’t deserve your kindness, your friendship…” “Cas, you’re the only one that does deserve it” he said it, taking with his hand Cas cheek and if he wasn’t mistaken there were something in the air…
“So, let me get this straight. You and your brother went out for an hour and when you came to your father house, you found him dead to floor?” “Yeah, that’s exactly how it happened” said Sam Winchester with a sad look on his face. His brother, Dean Winchester was the one that he couldn’t really speak at the moment. He was really a wreck for his father death. “Alright, I know that he must be hard, but did you know if your father John had some enemies, some neighbors that want him dead?” “No…” said Dean, cleaning himself up. “No, we…we know the neighbors. They always thought well about our father. He was even loved by the ladies” “Right, well thank you for time. If you remember something else, don’t wait to contact me at this number” “Thank you detective” said Sam with a little sad smile on his lip. “Not worry, and Mr. Winchester – said Chloe to Dean – If this can help you, I know how you feel right now” “Yeah…?” “Yes, my dad died too and I thought that I would found peace when I could get that bastard in prison. But, things just got complicated and right now, I’m just happy that I have my mother and my daughter with me” “You have a daughter?” “Yes, her name is Trixie and I’m really glad that I have her” “I have a daughter too…” “Yeah?!” “Yes… her name is Claire and I thank God everyday for her” “I’m glad to hear that” “Can I – said Dean a little embarrassed – I know that we just met detective and this is really not the time or the place to ask that but… can I have your phone number?” “Dean!” said Sam with a furious tone “Our dad just died and you think to flirt with a girl that she also the detective of our case!” “I’m not flirting with her Sam! God, how low do you think about me!?” “Then what are you doing!?” “If you let me talk to the detective, maybe you will know!” “Are you flirting with me, Mr. Winchester?!” “No no, just I want to ask if I can have your number for having news about our father’s killer and – Dean get the detective in a place where they can stay alone – maybe talk about our fathers… if you want too…?” “Yeah, I would like that. But for be clear, I already have a relationship with a man, so” “No no, I get that. But I didn’t mean in that way. I’m not ready for start, anything… Not right now, especially not right now” “Of course. I’m sorry that I have ask you that. It’s just that your brother…” “Sam have to understand to mind his business” “Right” “So, did you…” “Sure, here. That’s my phone number. Call me when you need a friend” “Sure. Thank you, detective?” “Chloe. Detective Chloe Decker” “Chloe. It’s a nice name” said Dean with a little smile. “Thank you. Well, I guess I’m here for too long. I’m gonna go, if I have any details of the killer I will call you.” “Yeah, thank you Chloe” “Chloe, where is Lucifer?” ask Ella “Yeah Lucifer, I need to contact him” “Who is him?” ask Dean curious “My consultant. I mean, he’s LAPD consultant but we often resolves case like this…together – she said a little sad for not having Lucifer here with her - Today, I try to contact him, but he doesn’t respond to my calls and texts- she said to Ella - I guess, he doesn’t matter to be here, with me. For the case…” “Chloe, you don’t have to pretend that you don’t care” said Ella trying to cheer her friend up “I’m not pretend of anything. He doesn’t want to be here, so I accept it” she said but she wasn’t really conviced  “I think that this consultant is really special to you, if he makes you care like that” said Dean unexpected “Nah, he’s just… he’s just Lucifer” said Chloe again without meaning it “Lucifer?! As in Lucifer Morningstar?!” “Yes” “Oh my God, I know him. I mean, not personally, but I really like the Lux. I often come there but I never bought something. It’s too expensive for me” said Dean with brighten eyes “Oh, if you want. You can go at the Lux with our detective” said Ella meeting Chloe gaze “Seriously?! You would do that for me?!” “Well, I really have to discuss with him about the case. And maybe you and your brother, could spent sometimes at the Lux, as guests. And maybe have some fun. It’s hard when your dad…” said Chloe regretting the last words that she said. “Die…” Dean answer, surprising Chloe “Yeah…” “Well, I know something for sure. Our dad would want us to celebrate his death, with a tons of alcohol!” “And alcohol is then”
