Dream however he wants about breaking the news, reality will always going to suck when the time comes. There’s nothing he can do to help if he crumbles now.
Steve’s eyes look bluer in the bright gym lighting as he searches Tony’s.
But this is not the time for self pity. This isn't about him, but them. This is, most importantly, about Bucky.
He nods. He feels himself calmer recalling it too.
He remembers pulling out the HTML colour codes on one of his then drunken nights.
Tony blinks. Well, will you look at that, “Captain America; the paradigm of virtue. Did you just admit to lying?”
But the problem is, he’s so blinded where he stands that he doesn’t even know if there are any angles around him. What more, what shape or state they are.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Nosy,” he comments, fondly.
He adjusts the beads one last time, fingers leaving to curl inside his pockets.
“Let’s be happy, Steve.” He murmurs.
She rids of her heels, sinks into the couch and puts up her feet on the coffee table, breathing a sigh of relief.
Steve’s sudden inhale is an audible gasp and Tony realises belatedly when blue eyes mist over, looking into his own brown ones, that he’d called Steve by his name.
It’s either Natasha’s way of repenting or she really means it when she says, “I’m gonna get more snacks. Mind helping me with it, Tony?”
Steve exhales like he’s been punched. His gaze dropping to the ground, hands curling into fists by his sides and Tony can see them shaking.
When Bucky collapses where he stood; slides himself so his spine presses against the back of the couch, knees pulled to chest, head in his hands; Tony finally stands up.
“I miss him.” He says in the end. Because if there’s anything that he’s sure about, this is that only piece of information amidst the entire mess.
“Show off.” Rhodey scoffs next to Tony which makes him bark out a laughter and walk up to greet her.
He watches Steve pass a bowl of Japchae to Barnes on another Saturday night, his arm fully healed and Tony realises that there will never be a right time.
He also wonders about their love; like a rock on the shore, washed raw by the sea, over and over until the outer layer is unrecognizable.
She tells him to not worry so much.
Maybe the same thing will work for Wanda.
He loosens his grip, rubs a thumb on the inside of his ankle where the imprint he'd left from last night love-making is the reddest and he looks up at Tony.
“Stop blaming yourself for everything. Stop -,”
Secretly he’s kind of proud of Rhodey having the upper-hand over the Captain America himself. But Steve’s easy-going attitude towards it dampens the effect. But still, Tony points it out.
So when Steve comes in - carrying his sketchbook and a blanket, probably planning to spend the rest of his day in the shop with Tony - Tony’s towering over him.
So, he tells her. He tells her everything.
He hates him. He does.
First board meeting since 2016 and his brand-new mindset is still fragile from the hell they’ve been through; it’s only been a month out.
“The little witch -,” he pauses, face falling abruptly. But his girlfriend speaks up, loud enough for Shuri to hear; “is visiting and she’s coming too.”
After Bruce called them over to test his new candy flavour for this year’s Halloween (it’s a Bruce thing, to give out hand-made candies when they do their annual Avengers-Halloween rounds, visiting one paediatrics centre after another).
Anticlimactically, Steve simply says, “Oh.” No hostile expressions crawling onto his face except for a concerned frown.
"Keep telling yourself that," Pepper sing-songs, side eye-ing the height of the heels of his dress shoes.
Not just the lack of exhaustion but also stamina. Tony remembers very well just how
Tony has no words for her. No ways to understand her, but he tries to. He tries to put himself in her shoes even if he fails each time because he cannot even begin to imagine, but he tries.
“She’s fine. She’s turning in early. I think I’m gonna follow her plan too.”
Acting quick, Tony grabs his face the instant Steve opens his mouth, and puts a stop to whatever he’s going to say by kissing the life out of him.
Sam flanks her when she’s alone. Rhodey watches her with increasingly worrying eyes. So does Steve. And as for Barnes, he’s pale and stoic in her presence.
Some time passes in silence; them taking in their surroundings and then watching a couple of kids run around, playing hide and seek in various display rooms and Bucky asks monotonously if there's anything else to see in this Ikea place.
Tony feels a pang of guilt in his chest. It’s not time to reflect, but he can’t help thinking back to the days when he’d be in a crowd and yet, feel so, incurably alone.
Will Steve be angry at Tony for snooping around his room or will he angry at himself for what Tony will find?
There are a lot of ifs in their history. So many, bulked up like mount doom, seeking chances to explode in their faces every time.
She laughs. “I think it’ll be better if it’s you.”
Yet he stands, doing exactly nothing.
Tony takes the olive branch gladly, snorting out a laugh full of faux humour just so they can move on from all the grave sombreness to a lighter mood.
He didn’t know what he was searching for. He just wanted to get out; from the privacy that felt like loneliness in the dark hours of the night and he needed warmth. Anything, a hot drink or simply turning on a stove top - he just needed to feel the heat desperately.
Had never revealed her hardship while trying to put up with his shit. He doesn’t know why now – how it fits with Steve, but he feels like he needed to listen to this.
looks on a dead man’s face.
Dammit. Well at least he doesn’t have to worry about awkward road-trip interactions.
Steve opens his mouth, probably to say, it’s fine and that Wakanda doesn’t have to do this for them but Sam shuts him up with a scrunched-up paper ball that goes straight into his open mouth.
Tony takes a bite of his piece and so does, Pepper – after her very Pepper-ish; “
“How’re you feeling?” He asks quietly.
"No, not at all," he says. "This is all you and him."
“He agreed to train after graduating so don’t worry about that. You’ll see a lot of him.” Tony assures him, twirling the min-wrench distractedly.
How he learns it is when the doctor, painfully young looking for her age, drops a name on his tenth session.
“Look. Stevie and I, we’re brothers. I feel like I can call you a friend now.” He pauses and continues when Tony says nothing.
But Rhodey only raises an eyebrow while Natasha smiles a tiny smile and Tony (and Barnes too, by the look of it) couldn’t really give a fuck so, they each pull a chair (which also ends up being next to each other) and sit through dinner in easy silence.
, if you want.”
A spy stripped out of her many identities, still searching for whom she truly is, but at least now, she’s mask-free.
Steve laughs and Tony turns to him, “You saw him?”
No. He tells her when she asks if he’ll ever put down the armour.
“Nightmare,” Steve supplied, throat dry and raspy.
“I forgot.” He says, as a mean to answer her curious look. She doesn’t look convinced but she steers away from prodding him about the sudden change.
Rogers doesn’t approach him. Or maybe he tries to but Tony doesn’t see from where he keeps himself faithfully behind Rhodey.
He catches Steve’s impressed eyes and preens inwardly, carrying on with the details about their conditions, management and their contribution to society and the world by proxy.
“Okay,” his doctor nods. “But if you change your mind…,”
Bucky rolls his eyes, stepping into the mock room and plopping on the edge of the bed, next to Tony's feet. "Happy now?"
“Wanna go back to bed?”
Tony frowns. “Allowed what?”
“What’s the context? What is wrong with you in
Okoye and her girls welcome them all with a smile. But she seems to save her most disgusting stare for Bruce who ducks and scuttles inside quickly.
She says, “I want a kid, or two. I want a family. I want to settle down when I’m forty.”
That’s the whole problem with him. Even after everything, he still manages to surprise Tony.
He concentrates hard on the limp stem in between his index and thumb, willing away the anxiety that creeps up upon seeing the lit kitchen, obscured only by the thick windows over the stove.
“Glad to see you’re still alive in my absence, Miss Potts.” He teases her. “Is the boy toy behaving?”
are not. So, tell me please, for the love of God, because I did something
He feels the way Rhodey go quiet when he doesn’t elaborate more than that.
?” He asks, fierce and desperate.
His fingers are still pressed, air width apart from the raised skin of scar across Tony’s chest.
“Meeting with the Council.” Natasha supplies helpfully.
With that question, Tony pockets back the autumn washed leaf and makes his way into the kitchen. If he’s lucky, Natasha will be waiting with another mug of her pretty tea.
“Stark.”
Rhodey, Sam and Bruce are next, leaving Tony helping Steve with piling leftovers into containers and doing the storing as well as the cleaning up.
“You’re a child.” Tony shakes his head. “An honest to God, child.”
The surrealism of the current situation is where they’re located; in the dining hall, laptop and phones propped on the table. Anyone can walk in.
His throat is distracting too, the way the Adams’ apple bobs up and down when he swallows and his jaw.
A short pause, and then, “I’m not in the States, Tony.”
Breathing in, he knocks the door twice, forcing his fist down before he starts slamming the wood until it opens.
She asks him about it the next day, and releases him with a pill to knock him out for a good eight hours.
Even if this ship wants to go down, even if Tony is adamant to burn it to the ground, Steve will single-handedly fight him for it.
has come so far, and he’s not going to let Rogers ruin that
Blue eyes flickered. “When you saw me.”
But outside, the Central Park’s trees are unearthed and the echo of screams of hundreds of civilians’ grate at his thought stream and he presses the button before he can strategize his approach plan.
Right now, he
, he had said.
“Jean will be mentoring me personally.” She says to her mug of tea. “Since she and I have similar properties and all.”
“I’m sorry Rhodey. But I don’t want to get tangled up in that mess again. I just – I don’t want.”
“It’s your choice.” He tells her.
Tony traces his face from his brow-bone to his mouth and chin and whispers back, “Hey.”
Or red, he wasn’t sure.
He can’t. He wants to see Steve - needs to.
Tony thinks. Tony thinks, James Barnes and Natasha Romanov may be spending a lot of their time together. “I don’t regret he saved you either.” He tells him.
“Not without you,” Tony murmured, close to his ear, hot breath brushing Steve’s cheek and Steve leaned into his arm.
His fingers when they touched.
Barnes talks to him now and Tony does too. And not just in the workshop, but in other places as well.
Why should he, when he no longer cares?
(See the end of the chapter for
According to Natasha, Tony might as well have moved in. He still sleeps in ‘his’ room. But the nights with Steve are longer by the day. They can easily sit for hours until the sun creeps up on them, if not for Steve’s insistence for them to retire by 3am because;
Tony’s no mind-reader, so her confirms his observation instead. “Nope. This wasn’t it,” while waiting patiently for Barnes to start asking actual questions.
They bask in the feel of it, breathing it in, breathing out the cold of late august surrounding their own compound back home.
They’ve invited Wanda to sit through the plan but she declines, opting to leave them to it. Sam followed her, Tony hopes they’re back making candles or something akin. He loathes to have her be alone in the state she is.
Tony smiles back, just as awkwardly, deliberately, spreading out his fingers atop his thigh, keeping them from curling into a fist.
“I don’t know.” He tells her honestly.
Tony punches his fists into his pants’ pockets and leans against the rail, “Not happening,” he tells him.
He’s stuffing clothes into his duffel bag, but hesitates when he’s about to pull the zipper. Not far from him, Steve pauses in rolling his socks. Natasha offs the TV; they’re watching him - both of them - have been watching him since they returned from that bunker.
He inhales deep and mumbles a small, “Tighter,” into Bucky’s neck.
He shakes his head in disbelief, eyes trained down onto the floor as he scuffs his shoe and wills himself to breathe. “I want to. I want
Saturday morning sees Tony in the compound earlier than the bird. In fact, he’s so early that he catches Steve, James and Sam leaving for the morning run.
Because Tony does too, he realises weakly. He does too. Love Steve.
They’re not there yet, he decides.
He tries hard to keep his muscles from flexing into a grin as well. “Yes, you are.” He confirms.
Maybe it’s the enclosed space and Rogers in it, with no one else but Tony, himself.
But Steve jumps into explanation like he’s known forever that James Barnes is inside the shop all this time and Tony has to stop him.
When their so-called group meeting over dinner has dispersed and most has retired quietly for bed, save for Tony, Rhodey and Rogers.
To Tony’s amusement, Steve goes an extra mile and swings a leg over Tony’s hip, properly imprisoning him to Steve; tentacle like. He snorts, then straight up laughs, butting his head into Steve’s chest as he shakes from the force of it.
“This is so not how I imagined it.” Tony pulls away. He wastes two seconds glaring at his useless left arm and goes back in.
But in Tony’s arms, Steve’s like the sun; hot pocket of air surrounding him liken plasma, burning fire wherever Tony touches him.
“It’s okay. It’s complicated.” She nods, tipping the trickle of water left in her glass and watching it run down the length.
Tony props himself next to her feet, picks one up onto his lap and starts pressing his fingers along heel, thumbs circling, muscles settling easily into their old memory from the days when he used to woo Pepper with massages.
“Oh, please Mr Stark. Nothing stays below my radar.” He can feel her roll her eyes across the Pacific.
He fears the line of memory that his brain pulls out for him. He fears recalling the last time he’d seen Steve like this.
But Bucky, of all things, chuckles like he'd just heard a joke. “Can’t promise that, doll,” He drawls, grinning like the idiot he is. “If it happens another time, I’ll do the same thing all over again. Gotta protect my best fella,” he winks.
Ten minutes later, Tony climbs onto the bed and shuffles closer to Steve. “I’m holding you accountable for this,” he points at his half-erection.
“As well as a disturbing number of children.”
It’s awkward, and unnatural. Tony feels something churning in his stomach at the sight of it.
“I hurt you.” Steve argues, his own face tucked into Tony’s bare shoulder, painting a cold, wet trail down the crook of his neck.
“How many are there?”
Tony pops one triangle into his mouth - leaving the other for later - now eager to find what’s in the tumbler he’d been handed out earlier.
She has her magenta lips on.
And boy, does Rogers assume.
Pepper’s glowering at him because she knows what he’s doing, but he eyes her back pleadingly
Focuses in on the steady beat behind the ribs, listens to the sound of Bucky’s heart work its job; pumping life into his bones and eyes, and spreading pink to his lips and occasionally - like last night - blotting that lovely shade of red from his face to his neck and -
Steve puts away the rolled-up tape and starts rolling another, the smile dropping off of his face as he listens intently to Tony, ears still pink but fading.
are all back in State.
It wouldn’t have hurt if they never had ever become as close friends as they had, but they did, and now it just hurts.
Seemingly, he was trying to have his own quiet time too by the lack of curious questions this time around.
Point is, this is not a secret mission. Direct or not, everyone knows what’s happening, one way or another.
Pepper slaps his back hard, a number of times until his coughing fit recedes and she offers him her glass of water.
Pepper has the dignity to wince. “You know that’s never what I meant.”
They should have captured him long ago, he realises. He’s been going rogue all on his own, disconnected himself from the team and Rhodey and Pepper and he knows for sure that he’s breaking more law than he’d memorised twenty years ago. Somebody should have caught him; HYDRA or someone from WSC. Maybe even one of his teammates.
"This time!" He shouts back just to make it clear, so Steve doesn't get any wild ideas about fooling Tony again in the future.
When Steve nods, he heaves a breath in, thumb brushing sinuously over Steve’s lower lip and he continues;
“It’s amazeballs! She can control gamma rays, UV, visible light, electricity, infrared, microwaves and radio! And she can transition between them within seconds with quite possibly limitless capacity! I wouldn’t put it past her to be immortal and she keeps telling me that Carol’s powers are more lit, but Carol doesn’t wanna let me study her so that sucks. But overall, it’s still so cool!”
He swallows around his spoonful of rice and gulps down half a glass of water. When he’s confident that his voice won’t give him away, he says, “Nope.”
He can think about how wrong this is later, scold himself later, regret – like having ice cream under the rain; there’s a high possibility he’ll catch cold just like how
Tony lets him unknot the tie, unbutton his shirt and jokes, "With you by my side? Impossible."
Moving on, he recites to himself, as he nods in Rogers’ direction, eyes never meeting.
Two months later, they’re what Tony begrudgingly (and Steve, with fond exasperation) admits are friends and that’s that.
Blinking back hot tears, Tony looks away from both of them and grits out, “He’s an idiot.”
He realises he misses when Steve speaks like this; conversational, casual, whispery and without the depth of his command voice.
“Are you okay? Did someone tried to -,”
“He also said, he was expecting us.” Rhodey gives a violent shudder.
But it must not have been strong enough because now, it’s broken.
Tony has half the mind to not snort. Rhodey’s right. He also, after all those mishaps and shuffling, ranks the highest; above Tony and – yeah.
Death and life, colliding, making a mess out of his life; laughed while he stumbled and fell and stood up, but they kept pushing him again.
Tony does have a good day.
He recalls the click clack of her stilettos when she came in hours ago.
Tony starts defending himself and they bicker their way into the Quinjet, Tony nodding off mid argument as soon as the jet is air-bound.
“I know.” Steve rubs at his face. “I just – I hope I can help her one way or another. At least give her a how to manual or something.”
“I didn’t know you could play it.”
“Love the red,” Pepper passes him a flute. Orange juice sans champagne, and Tony takes a polite sip.
They’re happy. Even if all Tony wanted was to just
But scars remain and the one she left is still one of the most glaring ones among the rest.
“Natasha?”
little bit of Wilson.” He reaches out for Wanda’s elbow who’s blushing a delightful shade of pink, beaming, “Because if it isn’t for you, I’d be tasting all poop in my chocolate -,”
Hidden from her sight, still spread out on the Ikea bed, Tony laughs, covering his mouth.
This one is icy. Cold and freezing; numbing but with needle prick sharpness puncturing through over and over, needling Steve’s name, scent, taste,
Steve’s lashes flutter but he doesn’t exactly blink. Surprised, but still able to shoot Tony his favourite flat look. Tony preens.
Right?
Tony stops him when he senses another apology coming. “Hush. You say another sorry and I have to demand my truce-leaf back.”
So when he lashes; snatches his hand roughly from Tony’s and stands up, staggering, before he walks only to stop a few feet away, lost - Tony, doesn’t get mad at him.
Tony hates to think how bad it was before he went to the medic. Bad enough to postpone his lunch with Pepper. Speaking of –
But the recent event keeps replaying in the back of his head, like an old annoying song. But –
Tony wants to move on. He just didn’t think it means he has to face his demons again.
Steve follows him instead. Sits on the couch and reads a book while Tony does his work. When the Sun comes up, he excuses himself to freshen up and make breakfast. When he returns, Tony’s face down on the couch, drooling into Steve’s jacket.
The fabric stretched around his pants pocket from where he clenches his hands start showing wet spot, blooming out to become bigger and bigger by the second.
he end up in such staggering pile of mess.
“But I want to try and this feels like a good place for that.”
Steve.
Tony pushes a piece of hair dropping onto Steve’s forehead back and brings the hand down to press Steve’s hovering hand against his chest; directly over his modified heart.
Steve brings his hands up to face, scrubbing twice before he too, sighs and sits up straight. “Shoot.” He says, eyes clearer, dry sniffles and the thickness in his voice is the only remaining proof that he was struggling with composure a second ago.
into the receiver.
“It’s okay.” He tells him. “Lie down with me.”
Tony’s staring into space after 78+hours work bender and he’s partly in but mostly out (somewhere cotton wool and smudged sky and a load of indecipherable ‘er’s).
“Maybe I should set Lee on fire.”
Treat it like an accident; you trip and fall and you get up and then walk into a quicksand and you get up and someone push you down the cliff so you climb back up and you walk thinking finally this is it; this is a safe road with beauty around it and it makes you so hap -
He’s half way across the world again even as his hand stays curled around Tony’s own.
Maybe Bucky didn't even want those hands, maybe when he needed, they're all he had.
Bucky snorts and Tony knows he may try all he might but he could never cross that line Howard stood on; his physicality is such. His cells metabolize alcohol too rapidly for Bucky to drown in it. He may sink but he can never drown.
stutter in there. With a hollowed sickening crunch.
Rhodey looks at him in a particularly disappointed way that day.
Tony doesn’t know exactly what contributed to that, but he hopes it’s good because it’s helping her.
Breathing in deeply, Tony clenches both his fists and his jaw.
“You need the rest.”
Personally, Tony thinks their only saving grace is the location.
“Are you actually upset? You look upset,” Tony tries to worm his way out of the topic. But Rhodey knows him too well.
It doesn’t feel wrong when he says it. Liberating, relieving, like letting go of something he’d been clutching onto for so long.
He speaks business with Rhodey, plays tennis with him on some evening. He sits with Bruce when he’s cooking and asks about his new pen pals across Pacific. He spars with Natasha and he teaches James how to build a bike from scratch.
, Tony remembers ruefully.
his burden. It’s everyone’s –
JARVIS had sent out a help signal to Steve’s phone before he was shut down. Tony was awake during the attempt so he managed to not only stop it but garner evidence in the process as well.
He usually doesn’t recall anything out of those days and it scares him shitless because he’s supposed to have a flawless eidetic memory when he’s not under any substances’ influence.
“Wow!” he exclaims, going for another one immediately.
“I didn’t count.” Steve answers robotically. Eyes trained far away from Tony, over his shoulder. “But I know when I stopped.”
This is so fucked up. Literally the worst timing ever. If Tony hadn’t been already in shock from the nightmare, he’s willing to bet that he’d fare better now.
He wonders if Steve has similar fault when it comes to Tony too.
This is not fair! "Jarvis, I need this footage to show Pepper tomorrow morning," he says, standing up.
She forgives him for Steve. He leaves them be for an hour and a half before Steve peeks out of the door and says she’s asking for him.
And Steve, he’s never looked this relax since ever. All those smiles and the ways he looks at Tony – It’s –
“Tell me one thing.” Tony tells him gruffly, swallowing the lump and tears down his throat, taking another deep inhale and exhaling in a huff.
“Tony?”
The heat of his gaze is burning on the side of Tony’s face. “I want to know what it is?”
Steve’s eyes flicker in the dim orange light. He says, “Not for the same reason as yours, no,” and he looks like he got something more to say following that. But whatever it is, Tony doesn’t hear it.
Is it really just the thought, the firm decision to put everything behind and walk away is all that counts?
Steve does, as if burned.
fault.” He repeats, quieter, firmer.
. But he’s not complaining about the new one either.
Super soldiers and super speed. Is there anything they’re not better at?
“Call Rhodey.”
He knows he’s encouraged to and he
“It’ll be called BroPeC. Which in retrospect sounds vulgar and I’ll think about a better acronym for it, but Pepper. Broken People Club. Can you imagine the sheer number of members who would qualify for that?”
But Tony had never known how to love otherwise.
“Tony,” Steve sighs, sounding closer than before and when he looks up, he’s right; Steve is closer, he’s sitting on the edge of the bed now - Didn’t even hear him move, which is a surprise, so Tony looks at the bed frame, wondering what material it’s made of.
looks at him.
Tony rolls his eyes from where he’s plastered next to Steve on the love seat. Mumbles something to Friday so the call is now expanded to conference.
All in all, the corporate part of Tony’s life seems to simmer down. But, once one obstacle down, another one knocks on his front door. Or in this case;
He anchors himself to them, letting his tongue and mouth work on their own, recounting in details – as detailed as Tony remembers – to Steve.
Purely medical necessity, because his heart was failing anyway.
“Love you too,” he breathes, sinking into the mattress and the pillow and he’s so warm and safe, he’s tipping out of consciousness.
Steve’s abrupt silence is a sufficient reply, and yet, when Steve protests, “Tony,” Tony still asks him, “Hmm?”
But magic is shit and it largely explains why he distances himself from her, which she both understands and doesn’t mind
“Close the door, please.” He murmurs, and Steve does, eyes still not leaving Tony; darting between his face and the reactor in his chest.
Now, it’s still not as fluid as Tony knows they’re capable of being, but still, it’s better.
“Is this how you’re going to justify all your arguments with me?” Tony murmurs into the kiss and Steve pulls away to let out a snort.
Convicted.
"Hey," he murmurs.
After Ultron, he did.
It’s not even like they’re dating but that’s how the group’s treating their truce and honestly, Tony knows he can put a stop to that, but he simply hasn’t bothered to.
Tony puts a hand out, palm side up. A gesture to signal their current situation;
Tony spends the Christmas at the compound.
Rogers and Tony.
“I can get used to this,” He sinks into the free seat next to Rhodey, fingers curled around a warm cup of hot cocoa as they watch Barnes and Wilson have another go for the remote.
Rhodey definitely catches it and to say the least, he’s not impressed.
Tony, who has to work so he can be resilient just like them. Amazing, patient and
Barnes asks more questions.
Tony thinks, memories drawing blank, head aching and palm sticky from half dried streak of blood that may or may not be his.
“Fuck.”
under his touch.
of contacting you excuse. He’s done being mad at Steve. He’d established that.
“Fiiiiiiiine,” all of them hear Shuri on the speaker.
For all those time Tony spent fretting about how to sneak one binary into their Quinjet, he could have saved them by talking to her.
Tony mimes zipping his mouth and throwing away the key.
Steve’s gaze catches the motion and he casts a fleeting glance towards Tony’s hand before hastily turning away with a tight smile.
” Rogers glances at him before focusing on Tony.
Captain America stands, head hung and silent, he looks far away from this world, stripped off of his title and for the first time, he looks like a Steve Rogers.
“It’s just me,” he said, soft and cautious and Steve missed him so much, he abandoned his now cold coffee mug to pull Tony into a tight hug.
He ends the call before the spaceship takes off.
Bruce is increasingly fidgety, Tony notices one day.
He smirks when he lets go because Steve looks properly dazed, before a pout settles on his face.
Steve shrugs, continuing his tracing over Tony’s scarred skin. “If you’ve witnessed their exchange, you’d know why,” he smirks up meaningfully.
Pepper continues giving him the bites. But her clever eyes pick what he’s trying to hide. She tactfully doesn’t comment on it. But apparently her tact has an expiry date.
“Made 56, blew up 42 of them. So,” Tony hums around a quick calculation, “Should be 14.”
“Tony -,” Steve interjects frantically.
Tony makes a grab for the lox and cream cheese one, picking at the capers and protesting with a mouthful, “You assigned me on a mission, Colonel. Or shall I say, Cap 2.0?”
“Shall we begin?” Rhodey clears his throat, already stood at the door leading to the Compound’s conference room, apparently for a very long time by the look he’s pinning Tony with.
Barnes still wears his hoodie and goes quiet for an extended period of time on some weekends.
He needs a hug.
Tony never took his ear off of the news. He knows that the – The
Judging by what Steve had said earlier – at least, as much as he was willing to share, which was not much but explicit – he still loves Tony.
Rogers has always had the power to bring out the worst in Tony. In that way, Tony realises that he may be Rogers demon; if Rogers ever deemed him that important to mark his century old life at least.
Resignation is a sad look on Steve. When he nods, all the fights bleeding out of him; helpless, it looks awful.
He thinks about death too. He thinks about the booze, drugs and sex.
This has been his idea after all. He’ll like to know as soon as possible if he had fucked everything up for her.
Tony grumbles something about priorities and generations these days while Carol pats him on the shoulder, traipsing after Monica and her two new besties while T’Challa, out of nowhere, corners Tony for himself.
“I hurt you back.” He answers easily.
Tony’s smile wobbles thinking about tickling, but he decides to be merciful and sneaks his whole head under Steve’s shirt instead; stretching the fabric dangerously tight as he mushes his face to Steve’s abdomen.
Tony’s eyes widen with delight. “Wow,” he whispers again. “I’m in awe. This is amazing. I’m gonna need a tubful of these. Also, very touched. I’m impressed. Did I say thank you, yet? Thank you. Also, I’m pretty sure this is all you and a
He follows pages as Steve scrolls down, stopping at the end and he takes a step back, standing next to Tony. “All the Avengers are in there.”
Tony, whom Wanda chooses to abandon all of them for and sit next to so she could lay her head on his shoulder and watch the usual morning hustle in their home in companionable silence.
, to say the least.
and as soon as his actions register, he has to stop and regroup himself; his emotions more so than his thoughts.
Sam asks, as soon as they step into the compound, loud and clear, “How many times.”
It hurts.
“I won’t forget about you guys,” Wanda rolls her eyes, worming her arms into her faithful cardigan.
When Friday says, “No, boss. There was no need for that,” he buries his head into the pillow and breathes Bucky in deeply; relief spreading like a balm under his breastbones.
It’s Tony, looking like he’d just stepped out of a business meeting half-way across the world, hopped on his private jet and returned to Steve.
Tony scoffs. “You have access to all Avengers’ contact.”
But that’s too late because Tony’s already pulling away; hands still fisted around Steve’s collar, head hung low, hair brushing the front of Steve’s shirt and he exhales, “I can’t,” broken and raw.
Careful to not jostle Steve, Tony takes a long deep breath in.
The topics drift from nothing to everything.
Steve chuckles, plopping on an empty chair and swivelling around lazily. “So, Danvers,” he begins, looking up at Tony through his criminally long lashes. Blue eyes twinkling, “Care to elaborate or Rhodey used up all your energy already.”
Steve gives him a smile; smaller than the one before Tony started this topic. Almost makes him wish he didn’t start it to begin with, almost.
Steve nods again.
They leave the compound that yields its own nature with a full heart that weighs rather heavily in expectance of the approaching date when they have to part with Wanda.
, kept pushing him again and again. Just because Steve stood up every time didn’t mean he deserved to be pushed over and over –
He doesn’t sleep that night either.
“I’m sorry.” Barnes says, body language so withdrawn that Tony actually pities him.
“You’re lucky you’re not wrong.” Barnes tells him over lunch.
Shit.
Tony glares at her sheepish look.
Steve shook his head.
A hollow, ripping ache that singes everything around it; burning and burning and
He stays long enough to see Rogers look at him, lips parting as if he wants to say something but not long enough to hear what he has to say.
Tony’s knees unbuckle and he falls heavily into his seat.
There’s your answer, Tony thinks bitterly as he watches her leave.
Tony stops breathing, one hand fisting by his side – nails digging into his palm – while the other holds onto the phone wanting to snap it into half only if that means he could escape going through this part at all.
“Too fast?” Steve asks softly, his own fingers carded through Tony’s hair, holding him close where they’re breathing in the same space.
He takes a moment to sit with that thought, holding onto his mug of coffee as he stares into space and he smiles, a little smile just for himself – for how far he’d come from the broken man he once was.
“Colonel Philips used to grind the living out of me back in the days,” he smiles, “Honestly, I’m glad to have a Colonel barking at my back again in this century.”
Someone wolf-whistles - Tony gathers it’s Wilson - since only him and Steve are there beside Tony. Opening the bag, Tony directs a glare at Steve who winces out a soft apology.
It’s not like Tony doesn’t want to, because god, he
"Enjoyed your night?" He asks, post a heavy ass-smooching charity gala.
“I’m so sorry.” She cries but Tony flinches still, jerking away from her; pain twisting like a sharp knife into the gaping old wound which had never really healed since summer 2016.
But he has been so careful around Rogers. Tip-toeing to avoid any misunderstandings,
He makes some progress with the armour, fixes up that one persistent error in SI’s BARF technology, has dinner with Pepper and even slips under the covers on a normal bedtime.
, “Tony. I want you.”
If then, there was still something in her that she held onto tightly still, now, she seems to have completely given in.
Howard’s ‘teachings’ are where he had meant them to be; carved into Tony’s bone, reminding him every time he breathes wrongly.
There’s a part of him that shrivels when he thinks about her while sitting with Steve, across the ocean. It’s been like that lately. Ever since she walked in on them playing FIFA one evening and quietly reminded Tony that it was supposed to be their date night before she turned away, leaving Tony hugging a pillow to sleep.
“When?”
Tony read once - will remember it for a lifetime - that depression is a great lover.
“Please don’t complete that sentence.” Steve warns lightly.
Tony turns away, unable to look at her with the amount of damage he’d inevitably caused her in his selfish attempt to seek death.
It’s a last-minute call.
Steve smiles back, his blue eyes twinkling with unshed tears which Tony really doesn’t want to witness so he scrapes the chair back, urgently draining the tea before pulling open the dishwasher.
Maybe that’s why he lets Steve have that satisfaction of pulling him up to his feet and onto the bed.
Tony stares him back, “Pretty sure, sucking your cock doesn’t fall in strenuous activities. Or laying there, letting you fuck me,” he taps at his chin thoughtfully. “Although, riding you would probably have to wait.”
that can lead to an argument because he’s tired.
“Carol Danvers.” The other woman introduces herself.
She’s laughing, but she has tears streaming down her eyes.
Rhodey is smart.
to sacrifice them.
This time he looks right into Steve’s eyes in pure defiance, and he kisses them.
“Old!? Now that’s just –,”
Steve stops at the foot of the bed, once Tony’s seated on its edge.
“I was having a heart attack,” Tony points out when Fury glares. “What’s his excuse?”
Arms wrapped around his waist, Steve mushed his face into Tony’s front, ear picking up the beat of Tony’s heart, skin tingling from the muted vibration of the arc reactor and there’s a garbled raw sound that came out of his chest which he refused to think about.
Hoping that when he turns around, he doesn’t see tears swimming over his bright blue eyes because that would hurt and that would make him cry and Tony is
Curiosity leads Tony to the Rambeau’s abode. There, he finds Monica, daughter of Maria, who was Carol’s best friend.
Steve shakes his head.
“Pretty sure, no one can hold the candle for surprising you after me, Miss Potts.”
Fortunately for him, DUM-E has mastered tact and drops a pack onto her lap. She laughs and pats him on the claw. He purrs.
“Steve!” This time, it’s Barnes.
Tony straightens up, pulling out a chair. With a prompt, “May I?” He sits himself because ageing makes him exhausted and weary all the damn time.
“Even if he knows by himself,” Steve says, “It won’t be the same. She should tell him.”
Tony is too. It’s part of being a futurist and what not.
“But if I didn’t, you would have continued being silent, Tony.”
He catches him outside the elevator, but he waits until they’re both inside, stares at the one agent in there, holding the open button until that agent leaves and he rounds up on Tony.
He looks at Steve and sees Steve glaring which is brilliant because that is exactly the encouragement he needs to start returning last night’s play; sitting up and peppering kisses from an exposed clavicle up his neck and nuzzling some, nipping another, circling wet tongue right under Steve’s ear which is his main erogenous point.
Tony’s tummy rumbles pitifully at the sight of Wilson toppling over a freshly washed fry pan.
“Tell me.” It’s a command.
“Catch.” Steve calls from the kitchen counter, Tony turning in time to see a hefty paper bag coming hot for his head.
“You named the team after her? Just how exactly smitten were you on her?” Tony laughs at Fury’s poker face.
Rhodey scowls at him, opening his mouth to argue but sweet Steve sweeps in just in that moment like an angel and saves him.
He buys an intricately painted, dome-shape candle holder for her. He never got to learn what Natasha likes and doesn’t like over the years, but something about the handcrafted souvenir tells him she will appreciate it and Tony owes her as much.
She looks radiant and fresh but Tony has once spent a few years dating her and he knows the powerful way in which Pepper can wield her make-up kit.
He didn’t run though. He doesn’t intend to run. He just needs a minute to calm the crash of wave in his nervous system, a moment to get himself together, so he backtracks that one step he took into the workshop, lets the door slide close while he glues his spine to the wall and breathes.
Is he happy now?
TV shows want to interview Tony, and if they couldn’t get their hand on him (none of them do), they ask for Pepper. They get neither.
. Like Tony. Like Pepper and Rhodey (Rhodey, with two paralysed limbs). And he’s cracking.
“I know,” he tells him. “I love you too.”
Wanda grins, “Nah, that’s all Sam and a little bit of me. It’s customized to each one of you,” she fidgets with her cardigan sleeve, overcome by sudden insecurity.
The effect is instant like he'd flicked a switch and Steve goes from a smug bastard to his faux innocent puppy eyes burrowing into his comforter wrap.
Tony snorts. “There’s no manual for dealing with grief. You of all people should know better.”
“Why!?” Tony raises his voice, only later realising that he’d hopped off of his seat, standing with chest expanding rhythmically to his heavy breathing. “Why do you
Props Tony, all 9 centimetre shorter than himself and he kisses him on his forehead.
Tony enters the elevator and he’s lost for a second before Steve follows in and presses the button to his guest suite. He takes Tony’s uninjured hand and kisses the inside of his wrist.
The lines of his neck muscles; strong and warm under his hand. Pulsatile as he lingers and Steve swallows, anticipating his next move.
Out of that massive fraction, he realises that not even half of it is spent in the workshop. Instead, he’s mingling with different members of the team every time he’s there.
It’s not even as if he’s actually curious. Merely reckless.
Christmas however, is a different case.
Unlike earlier, when the loss of JARVIS was still fresh in his turbulent mind, this time around, her presence feels more permanent.
“I know,” Tony nods. “I’ll remember.”
Fuck. What is he even thinking? Is Steve Rogers and Tony Stark are even on smiling term anymore? But -
Steve Rogers doesn’t stop him.
Fitting, isn’t it? Demons do what they do; they bring out the worst in you.
Tony shakes his head, stepping back into Steve’s space, shirt falling where he stood.
Tony doesn’t nod, but he does, think about it.
He sits through the rest of the movie. Notices that Wanda has retired early and that there are now three bowls of popcorns, full to the brim.
“Oh, no. Don’t apologize. What’s manners in your own home and all that jazz,” he grins at her.
Is he still in love with him? –
Either Rogers had this planned out, the tactical genius he is, or he lost his patience. Both are possible. Neither, though, helps Tony when Rogers corners him just outside the workshop post Saturday dinner.
Tony breathes. “We can’t mend anything or start anew if we keep wallowing in the past, S- Rogers. And you know that.”
, but incredibly cautious, as they skim around the scar engulfing the casing.
Pepper rolls her eyes, walking towards the couch on the corner as Tony makes sure nothing is going to catch fire before following her.
“Nope, not shoes. But something… You’ll know when you unbox it later.” Tony winks, brushing past Wanda with a merry smile which she reciprocates brightly.
Tony has half the mind to snort and roll his eyes. He’s got his mouth open to say “Don’t look at me like that, snowflake,” when he’s wrapped in a very warm but damn, such a nice, honest-to-god good hug.
It’s the same question that keeps running in his head, which is why he asks it out aloud; “What is wrong with me?”
She’s not finding any among them, not to insinuate that they’re not trying, because they are. But it’s not enough.
He meets red rimmed blue eyes steadily, curling his fingers tighter around larger hand and without a single word, he tugs, waiting for Steve to take a step forth when he doesn’t follow.
Tony groans and caves in. Rattling the entire tale that was birthed out of his sheer need for distraction and continues to cringe towards the end because now Rhodey is full on glaring at him.
He washes him clean, shampoos his hair and rinses off the sud, holding his tongue back all the while. He unplugs the tub and lets the water drain before he gets out, clenching his jaw hard at how Bucky sinks down soon after - couldn't even hold his weight up.
Tony’s tongue feels dry in his mouth, but he still manages a faint, “Fittingly?” while his blood rush through their streams, fleeing.
He stands there, stupidly. Wondering what he’s doing, what he wants to do and all but never once does he think about going back to his room.
Thursday cannot arrive any sooner. One moment, Tony’s submitting the latest revised beta prototype to R&D and next, it is six in Thursday morning.
There’s no definite beginning or endings for their fucked-up equation; Tony is also tired of trying to figure them out.
and she has never manipulated that knowledge, ever, which he’s extremely grateful for.
“Come home,” she says later, wiping a bloody dagger in the inside of her left sleeve, watching grey clouds burst into the white sky next to Tony and she tells him, “He’s awake, you know. Asking for you.”
far in one month.
If he’d been disorientated, he would have jumped a foot high and made a fool of himself. But that didn’t happen.
“Which is understandable.” Steve insists.
to be that way?
“No.” Tony negates promptly.
She snorts. “This isn’t the worst.”
His own memory from when he felt her power first hand is sizzling up front bringing traumatic fear in its trail, and he doesn’t want to let that fear show in his face, not when he doesn’t know what Barnes actually means –
Steve lifts one hand up, reaching for Tony’s chest dazedly before catching himself and promptly clenching it into fist, letting it drop to his side again.
She rubs a thumb on the inside of his ankle and joins them for the last bunker.
“Fuck, I broke you. I broke you.”
“Did you break into SHIELD’s server?” Rhodey glares at him, looking even more threatening than he does when he’s just speaking casually with Tony.
2015 August 30
It’s peppermint and pumpkin, Barnes and Sam gagged while Wanda and Natasha politely swallowed.
“Lean on me,” he says, meaning a little more than what he needs Bucky to do right then; just place his head on Tony’s shoulder and let Tony hold his weight in there.
Moving on, he thinks, isn’t easy. But it’s very liberating.
Tony carries on. His quickened nerves easing to a flowing ease once he lets back the schematics talk to him.
his brother; he also lost his home. He needs friends. He needs comfort. But he decided that he wasn’t going to get all that in here and Tony cannot really blame him.
“You think if we did that before, we could have avoided the fall out?”
Rogers looks at him in shock. The cup of something in one hand frozen mid-air where it seems to be meant for Tony.
“Sounding very familiar there, Stark.” She sneers.
how to speak.
“You can always talk to him.” He points out bleakly.
Trembling as they trace just outside, horizontally and Tony doesn’t have to see to know what Steve’s following; the scar from the burn.
Tony stops mid pacing. Breath catching mid-inhale. He remembers being younger than Shuri when he saw his mother’s smiles and saw the slip at their corners.
Tony taps twice over the table; two fingers up and down and up and down, a little over the edge and he says, “They were murdered.”
“Can I speak with you in private.” He asks, skittish like an animal as he hunches over, the hood of his black sweater falling down his brow line.
Tony catches Barnes’ eyes over her shoulder and grins when he sees what’s in the little jar that he’s hypnotically spinning on the wooden kitchen table; a pea flower tea blend.
“Both of you flirt like it’s nothing.” He accuses, in that same tone he used to tell Tony,
Lost everything – dignity, name, fortune, his own self – everything,
2015 July 4
“I want to move on from the blood bath that’s our past. Not from, us -,”
He grits his teeth and hauls him to the bed. Picks out a pair of boxers then hesitates before pulling out a pair of sweatpants and Bucky’s favourite hoodie; he usually sleeps in only boxers but just in case.
He sees how Steve swallows dryly before he speaks; and when he does, it’s rough and raw, cracking at the end of his sentence.
He’d calculated the risk, knew there was a 95% chance of him being caught by the very person he’s running away from. That’s why he’d planned his approach, carefully ran over it multiple times, asked Friday over and over to make sure no one was in the kitchen.
Cheek pressed against Steve’s skull, arms winding tightly around him, clutching onto him while Steve whimpers faintly, dry sobs, breaking out now and then.
All the time Tony spends in here, he feels worse than the time he was in the recovery home. It’s one level more horrible than an asylum.
“Really?” Tony snorts, one eyebrow arched up at a challenging angle and Steve frowns at him.
“Oh please,” Tony chuckles, mouthing at his chin as he climbs onto Steve’s lap with intent. “You don’t care what Maria Hill thinks.”
He dismantles Dum-E in a blinding rage and he bleeds from his right palm as he stares in horror at what has become of him.
“Tony.”
And he forgets just how stubborn Steve is until he feels a hand on his shoulder. Then another lands over his, before he can even turn around, to pry the gauntlet from his fingers. “Come on,” Steve says, pressing the words into his temple.
“Or the man who breaks them. Depends from where you’re looking.” Tony clucks his tongue, shrugging.
he’d said.
It’s probably impolite, what with T’Challa being a king and what not, but Tony cannot bother to suppress the snort that escapes him.
Carefully keeping the contact to bare minimum as if he’ll burn Tony if he doesn’t. Tony bites the inside of his cheek, curbing the sudden urge to grin like a mad man.
Tony’s been spending some hours thinking about this kind of situation ever since the want to talk to Steve plagued him on Wednesday, and he understandably,
He also loathes to part from their hugs. If he can, he wants to
“Did he do something?” She asks, guilt swirling in the deep whirlpool of her bright eyes and Tony’s exhale leaves in a loud whoosh.
But, he doesn’t deserve to rest. He is the reason why all this happened - is happening - in the first place. He caused this - How can he rest?
Before she could say more about that, he promptly mutes her.
Tony’s always been a gone man for that look on Steve. He feels that rush of emotion come through, poking at the gaps, ready to worm its way through to be on display for Steve.
This is a man he loves. Unconditionally with the whole of his heart and then some. This is a man he'd give anything for, do anything for and if he so much as sighs, Tony would crumble into nothing.
“Steve.” Tony coaxes him. He doesn’t know what to say exactly but he just –
“Steve, breathe.” He tells shakily, rubbing his back soothingly.
Today it’s wintery cold. The grasses have died, the trees look barren; only twigs and trunks remaining. They look sad.
until there’s nothing left and then more.
Wanda’s grief is a festering wound. Her silence is unyielding, even for Natasha to try and worm their ways through.
“I’m kinda tired of holding grudge.” He shrugs as an explanation. Leaf still hanging limply by its stem in the middle of the table.
“They are. Delicious and absolutely thoughtful. Thank you.”
“It’s not the law suit I’m worried about.” Barnes says after a heavy beat of silence. “He already lost you, I just. I hope you don’t decide to quit or something stupid like that because I don’t think he can handle that.”
Steve frowns, but he accepts the leaf.
Tony lifts both hands up in surrender. “Nothing.” He shrugs. “I’m just trying to connect the dots in my head. Mostly monologues. But maybe you should know that she feels the same for you, if it’ll help. Both being spies, I thought it would annul the dumb part of initiating a relationship a.k.a jealously, assumptions and misunderstandings but boy, was I so wrong.”
There are still times when he feels like a void has popped beneath his feet, but the difference is that he knows it. He’s aware of the fact that he’s going to get sucked in if he keeps standing there and not move elsewhere and that in itself grants him options.
“God.” Tony sighs, scrubbing his face with his trembling hands.
Before he could move, he’s shoved down hard behind the couch and something shatters in the near distance. Once, twice and then several times.
“Rhodey.”
“Mute.”
“Don’t apologize.” He warns, when Steve opens his mouth.
Lucky for him, he created JARVIS when he was 21 and had a stroke of brilliance in the middle of an ugly grieving so he doesn't have to suffer a third-degree burn from a hot glue gun today.
It’s also difficult to begrudge someone you still love so deeply after they crushed you into nothing, knowing – knowing that you also, once, crushed them just as badly and yet, they forgave you for it.
. But there’s this desperate urge to run his mouth on Rogers and that urge is too big to be shut down with a lid.
“I thought that was supposed to be our secret?” he asks acting hurt and Tony turns his full-face grin at the man, giving Steve the kiss he swoops in for.
“I don’t have your number.” He points out.
this is kind of a prequel to
Maybe when they finally do, all they’ll do is waste time in the bathtub, neck deep in bubble bath for the entire afternoon - They don’t know. Won’t know that until they arrive there.
Tony shakes his head, no. But he got other problems swirling in his head at the moment. The first weekend with the Avengers is scheduled this week. He tells that to the man.
He calls Wakanda. He gets an enthusiastic; “Of course! Come aboard.”
“You’re a very busy man,” Steve cuts him off. “I know. But you used to talk to me. Since you came back from your last business trip, you never said a word to me, never came out of that lab of yours, refused me access to -,”
Brown eyes blown dark meet him in heat. "How about here?" Tony challenges.
“I’m so sorry.” He says, fingers itching to hold the other man, they come to a halt mid-air. But he clenches them forcefully into a fist and he leaves.
Pepper shakes her head. “I’m mad at him.” She says. “Was.” She corrects. “Not anymore, but I was. Which is why I ask you…,” She trails off.
He never wants to see Bucky as how Howard used to be; never wants to see anyone there, which was why he himself quit. The mirror helped.
“Steve,” Natasha’s calm voice cuts in.
The dial tone goes; on and on and on and -
; decked in mismatching socks and comfy throws, for each their own hot beverage and piles of snacks on the floor as they marathon movies after bad movies for the night.
“I hurt you the worst, didn’t I.” Tony swallows around a painful lump.
His thumb trembles lightly when they go through another motion of repetitive swiping over Tony’s cheek, but Tony turns his head a little and presses his mouth over the underside of Steve’s wrist and it stops.
He listens as Tony grumbles about childishness and revolting level of cheesiness as he gently shoves Steve away from the desk and casually sits himself on Steve’s lap; defiant and petulant.
But the beauty of it is how they’re respectfully keeping clear from it.
Tony sucks a sharp breath in. A large chunk of naan with it and he coughs, choking on the mouthful of Indian takeout they’ve decided for the night.
He pushes those bundles of thoughts surrounding Steve Rogers into a steel box, closes it, stores it away with a post-it saying
There’s Barnes whom he meets in the workshop.
Maybe this one will last. Maybe this one will burn too, and when it does, it will hurt as much as it did when Bruce went AWOL after Ultron.
For all those times he hated Steve Rogers for abandoning to pick himself up all by himself, he forgot that Rogers once
Tony grabs hard around the edges of the plate in his hand.
Like right now, coming into the workshop wrapped neck down in their comforter which -
For now, he’s right where he wants to be and he savours the feel; grabs onto Steve’s arm around his chest, sinks closer into his hold and he falls asleep to the pulse of Steve’s heartbeats.
“Does Barnes know?” He asks in the quiet. “About Nat, Bruce and their almost?”
“Oh.” He lets out. Skin tingling up his spine and down his fingertips upon the realisation.
She wants.
“Yes.” He repeats, louder.
If Tony found his behaviour bizarre, he didn’t say a word. Despite the silence, he seemed to understand what Steve needed and gave him just that; his presence.
You can do so much to maybe too much but sometimes it just isn't enough.
“Bruce came to the tower, Tony. I couldn’t in, good conscience, send him to Ross. He’s my friend.”
Tony waits, until he doesn’t know what he is even waiting for anymore.
Tony clears his throat, drops his hand from where he’d clutched his chest. “Not in particular," he tries for nonchalance.
The talk with Natasha and Barnes.
Tony’s gaze snaps towards him. “Fix what?”
Besides, even if they call him in, he can save his arse; done that so many times, he’s an expert at it.
“I recall you suggesting I move on.” Tony shrugs, leaning back in his chair. “This is me, moving on.”
A lot of things come rushing forth - all things heavy and unnecessary to be analysed in the kind of state he is in so he shoves them away hurriedly. This is not his pity party and he refuses to throw one despite what most of him demands.
Tony turns from them to the man beside him.
Sam makes a disapproving sign with his mouth stuffed with breakfast, then he pauses, swallowing hurriedly and blurts, “Stay away from Jake.”
“Are you listening to yourself now?” Tony cuts him off, voice embarrassingly high but there’s no accompanying shame there, just pure disbelief.
The reactor. Right. There are so many things that Steve doesn’t know about him anymore.
What used to be a survival thing has now become a habit.
He calls Steve.
He can see a sliver of that notion as Rhodey keeps one arm over her chair and as Steve leans forward to pat her cheek.
Fortunately for him, Wanda hugs him back just as tightly. No hesitation what-so-ever as she presses a kiss to his cheek when they pull apart and murmurs; “I’ve missed you.”
and Tony can feel the way it licks around its edges, spreading, but he’s helpless.
"You win," he admits, rolling out of the bed and peeling off his shirt, letting it fall in a lump on the floor as he walks to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
“When are we meeting?” Steve asks, interrupting Tony’s thoughts, an array of arguments he’s having with his own blistering doubts from watching Rhodey react to Charles.
Then she gives him a few pamphlets on yoga and meditation. Tony would have given them a chance if only he isn’t feeling exhausted all the damned time.
But Steve’s strong. Even intoxicated, he’s stronger than Tony and he gives a tug, pulling Tony back down onto him and he flips them over so easily. So neatly that one second, Tony’s sitting on the edge of the bed and the other, he’s under Steve, blue eyes gazing wondrously down at him.
He waits until the kitchen door opens – long after the argument ended – and he braises himself to face Rogers, but it’s Rhodey who sticks his head out. “
“It’s not your fault, Steve. I swear it’s not.”
Because he loves her, he does. He’d
His first instinct is to brush it off.
“Come here,” Steve says, stretched out in bed looking expectant like everything’s perfect.
And patient. Incredibly so, counting the years he had put up with Tony. From even
That is exactly why Tony wishes he would have had a better hold of himself because then, at least he’ll be able to break Steve’s fall. He’ll be able to
“I know.” Tony tells him. Because he does. He knows. He is too.
He looks up. Steve looks weary, but he strains to smile. “Come to bed,” he says. “You need rest.”
Because Tony is
“I tried to be there for you,” She says.
Tony Stark looks up, exaggeratedly startled from his lounging; one hand over his glowing blue chest and another clutching his phone and he gasps, “Who? Me?”
After everything, Tony has nothing against that man, but he’s still not over his best friend.
No, he tells her when she asks if he wants to have a kid one day.
“How can you – I
“Why are you telling me this?” He asks when Bruce pauses for breath.
He starts talking after that.
She concedes, but on one condition. “You have to attend the board meeting this Monday.”
But super serum and a super soldier; Barnes whips his head around to glare at him. “What do you mean?” He growls threateningly.
“Twenty-six,” He tells Sam solemnly and pats Rhodey on the shoulder.
During times like this, when he’s alone and his mind clatters with nothing because there’s nothing in him anymore. No more chunks or even pieces of his heart to make noises and the silence is too deafening he doesn’t want to live through it for another second.
The rising from ashes however, has to be all Tony’s doing and so far, he’s not faring well.
Aren’t you supposed to make the one you love happy? Do
And Pepper Potts has just stabbed Tony dead, in the expense of her own innocence.
And Tony, refusing to be shaken in the face of hopeful eyes and gentle hands - one ice cold while the other blood warm - grabs the back of Bucky’s head in a harsh fist and asks him roughly, “And you? Do
Tony had said no.
He smiles, cheeks flushed bright pink and blue eyes twinkling as he regards Tony abashedly from beneath his long lashes.
Tony doesn’t want to hear him, anyway.
Rhodey rolls his eyes, “Don’t try to convince me against it. I’m not missing it this time.”
They’re so close.
Steve.
Selfishly, Tony’s grateful. He knows that every time Bucky picks up a bottle he wishes otherwise, but selfishly with his whole heart, Tony sends a whisper of thanks into the air for every quickened metabolic cycle completed.
The more Tony answers, the more genuinely interested he starts to be about the mechanics of the armour.
So, maybe he’s a coward. Maybe what he’s really afraid of is breaking his own heart - call it a primitive reaction. He is a primate in DNA after all.
, “I’m not sorry about Pepper. I cannot even pretend to be. It’s you. I want to date you.”
“He’s telepathic.” Tony tells him.
And they win.
Steve obviously catches everyone’s drift, an amused expression on his face when Wilson closes the door whistling You’re All I Need to Get By by Marvin Gaye loud enough to piss Tony off that when he realizes how much it gets to his nerves, he ends up laughing instead of yelling at him, scrubbing his face as he shakes his head at his teammate.
But Tony doesn’t want them. All Tony wants is to move on and Steve will, with all his might, carry the burden with an oath of silence and give Tony what he wants.
There’s happiness all around them and love, love and
The thing is, it’s 2019, July 5
Tony glances over at Rhodey, then instinctively his gaze seeks out Rogers but shy a foot before they find him, he retraces his focus back to the man before him.
Blue glow on the wall be damned, he’s so exhausted he feels all the chips falling out of his brain.
In answer, Steve kisses him back; deep, walking them until Tony’s back hits the wall, head cushioned under Steve’s palm, fingers twining through his hair and he licks into Tony’s mouth, whispers his firm ‘yes’ in there and everywhere over Tony’s face.
“They celebrated him. Like he was a hero. Which. I mean. He was. He saved them from a monster and stuff but that’s not gonna happen here and it’s hard to convince him that.”
Tony clears his throat, giving up on the wire for now and making a grab for the grease soiled towel to wipe the motor oil off of fingers.
Natasha deftly slips away from under him as the two males tackle each other down, full on grunting brawls and (un-)manly squawks.
If, if,
He fails to follow the timeline, jumping between the first time they’d met and the time they’d spent destroying HYDRA base with the team to Siberia and then the times when he’d accompanied Steve during his sleepless nights in the tower.
Feels as if all these years Tony had been tipped wrongly on the plane (from the moment Steve walked away from him, inch by toppling inch off the gradient) and now, right now, being where he is, feeling Steve under his own skin; he feels righted.
But she’s also Natasha Romanoff, Tony’s… friend? Family, he decides.
“I hope to hear from you again next week, Princess. More updates on Miss Danvers will both be expected and appreciated.”
The defeat that had weighed down Steve seems to evaporate the moment he comprehends what Tony just said.
works.
She looks marginally impressed but she won’t be once she knows he’d drilled a bunch of holes into his bones to enable the fitting, so he spares her that knowledge.
“What does that supposed to mean?” He asks, arms akimbo, a frown etched in between his perfect eyebrows. The sudden tightness in his voice is jarring.
“Go.” He stresses when Steve keeps grinning at him like a loon.
His doctor’s been inserting a comment here and there about how he’s ready to go home if he wants and he feels himself agreeing to that.
That’s
Tony shrugs. “Isn’t it a bit of an over stretch, to call this a family?” He asks, uncharacteristically bold, after spending two whole months traipsing behind Rhodey’s metaphorical skirt.
More communication? If only Tony didn’t go to see Ross when he was called? If only Tony didn’t sign the NDA form before Ross opened his mouth?
It’s Vibranium, and if Tony has to be crass, the selfish hoarding of earth’s strongest metal in the name of righteousness.
Sacrifices his sleep so he can put his first born back whole and apologize for his brash actions.
Tony opens his mouth, a long winding explanation on gene mutation and influence of the mind stone ready on his tongue. But he bites it back and shrugs instead. “You can say that.”
The arm around his body winds tighter, pulling him closer. Hot breaths circulate around them; hushed and stuttering.
“Urgh.” The teen grunts and Tony smiles, sensing an exaggerated eye roll across the ocean. “Tried. Got turned down twice. She’s so hot I’ll probably try again just to hear all the creative ways she can turn me down.”
They called. They talked. Bucky read those letters, and he laughed on the phone. He sent photos of daisies he saw by the road; quoted;
Tony entertained them in the assurance that Rhodey is just by the stove top in case one of them started coming at him.
Newton’s Third Law of Motion states that for every action, there is an equal (in size) and opposite (in direction) reaction.
Tony pauses, refusing the past to shadow their present. It’s not a secret that Steve has a soft spot for Wanda. She’s a kid. A
Especially after Natasha and Rhodey playing tag team to let him out for air two weekends on ends, it’s a tremendous relief.
Muscle memories bring him to Rhodey’s room. It’s closed but unlocked. He twists the knob but doesn’t open it. His gut clenching and twisting when a thought pops up in his brain.
With that thought, Tony abandons his attempt to smile and walks in. “About last Saturday -,” he starts, the same moment Steve says, “I’m sorry.”
panicking.
They weren’t friends after all. Friends don’t stab others in the back and abandon them to patch the wound themselves.
doesn’t want a company at the moment.
He has the height of a regular American man, perfectly compact with intelligence and extreme good looks all packed in one. And a pair of really perky butt, which he is very proud of - do you have any idea how many squats they cost? - and he'd obviously insured.
Tony secretly wishes he would be alone in the workshop today but as far as the day has been going, it’s robbing him off of all his plans.
Switching one foot for another, Tony hums, “Two days max? If everything goes well.”
Rhodey on the other hand, seems to have forgiven her and every one of them with Military ease. “Comrades.” As he prefers to call them.
He escapes outdoor through the kitchen door. Hoping the brisk night air may help him a little with his condition.
He picks a glass, fills it almost to the top with water and he walks back to where Bucky's sat.
He glares at him as he signs the cast ‘idiot’ in French. Because Tony’s classy like that.
He wonders if they were still together, would Steve leave the team for a getaway Christmas with Tony in Switzerland for a change.
The rewritten Accords pardons the Rogue, includes Barnes as a War Veteran and victim; absolves the charges against the Winter Soldier.
And no, Tony thinks, after the first few feet. He refuses to play chase at this age, but not so much to tickling Steve in the bed once he'd caught up. Asking, "You want me to keep you warm? Huh? Is that what you want? I'll keep you warm. Come here, you big blonde cheat."
But that’s far, far later than now, when Tony still wakes up drenched in sweat, the clang of Vibranium against Arc Reactor ringing in his ears.
“I know,” she says, one arm around Tony’s midriff tightening before it loosens. “It’s not working is it?”
If it wasn’t for the shock of the event in Siberia that pulled the last chords of his heart’s function, something else would have. His drinking, his addictions, the way he threw his life away like it was nothing after barely three months recovering.
Then, slurping the last of the orange juice loudly, she sighs, “He’s into role play.”
“You sure about this?” Steve asks, two months after the New York battle. He desperately needs a stylist, Tony keeps telling him. But the man is stubborn and irrationally fond of dull checkered shirts that make Tony run in the other direction.
“I got you something you’d like.”
Tony has a lot on his plate now that he’s not cooped up in a recovery home with only therapy and getting better taking the forefront of his mind after all.
however, will fall, and all
Oh wow, Tony realises.
Feels like for all the efforts he put to extract himself from his wannabe team bonding session, Barnes could use them the most.
Tony, who is under
Tony has to be pathetic to get this affected by a simple physical gesture; but he
“Bruce is upstairs.” Pepper warns into his ears as she kisses his cheek.
The plan is, Tony will meet Rhodey, Wilson, Steve and Wanda at the compound around eight. From there, they’ll board the Avenger’s Quinjet to Xavier’s school.
All they sing in the morning and when they go to bed is pain. All they do is wail and grate and grate and they
Rhodey seems to give up after that. Exiting the shop with grumbling about Tony being a rude-ass jerk-face.
He looked it up, and there it was;
“Hey,” Steve grins sappily. Then he hiccups and Tony squints at him.
Steve greets him with a brave smile when he turns and Tony thanks him internally for still being so understanding.
shade – focused on Tony as he brushes the tip of his nose against Tony’s affectionately;
Tony told him.
“Whatever you do, I want you to be happy.”
When Tony goes back to the Compound on Saturday, she pushes a pretty cup of purple tea with a single pea flower floating on it. He drinks it and she tucks a fresh daisy behind his ear as she whispers her apology.
Steve’s warmth, every dip and groove of the webs between his fingers and Tony swallows as he lets the back of his head hit the head rest.
“You never stopped.” Tony repeats breathily, pulling his own hands from the pockets and pressing them over his face.
Ah, the parallels he can draw between Steve and the technology living in his chest.
So, he had to look up.
Throat clamping around a lump, Tony looks down at his empty coffee mug. At their bare feet and then at the cold tiles they’re standing on. He avoids the topic. “How are you doing?” He asks instead, looking up with false cheeriness.
“She’s magic, right?”
“Can you call back later?” Steve grunts, accidentally letting out a heavy sigh at the end of the sentence as if he’s coming out of a heavy duty labour. Which makes the caller pause for a good two seconds.
ready, Rhodey-O.” He walks briskly past them to where the Quinjet is parked.
She makes Rhodey visit him.
Even before Steve opened the box, he rejected him; beating heart in his throat, fear and panic clouding his vision because he loved Steve too.
He doesn’t know what it is, but seeing Steve accept the truce; let go and forgive and try to move on, it makes him feel all too light out of nowhere.
It’s Pepper he’s wakes up to, two nights later (or so he thinks), surrounded by sterile white walls and antiseptic smell.
Outside the cricket sings, it rained earlier, so the frogs croak in harmony to them. The temperature has been fluctuating from winter cold to deceptive summer heat on some days.
“Nope. Nobody deserves an abuse. Come they may in whichever form, no one deserves them. Not even the psychopath with a dead sentence on his head.”
And when he leans back – feeling all too warm himself – Steve is blushing
Simply fixes his stare on long, thick fingers curled around his own nimble ones and brings them up once more.
“Grief. Yeah.” Tony nods understandingly.
“Builds trust.” He shrugs.
Barnes no longer shrinks like a mimosa plant when Tony’s around. Also, apparently the guy can sass and hold a banter like anything, which is a wonderful discovery because things like that, is a step up in Tony’s book (the kind of step up where once you go there, you don’t go back).
Tony simply smiles, because he’d thought about it of course. How badly could Steve Rogers’ big, shiny heart could have been damaged compared to Tony’s void.
The thing is, Tony’s broken. Has always been, but Steve Rogers took everything that was still left in him and ruined them.
Although. Although, Rogers
With all that, he really should’ve been knocked down the moment his body touches the mattress, but what happens is, the ceiling lights up with a circular blue glow in the otherwise dark room; his half-closed eyes catch that light and he’s wide awake in an instant despite his protesting body.
Tony’s warm and content, he smells of his favourite shampoo and fancy deodorant. Someone had touched up his face; tempered with his crow feet which Bucky loves and he suspects it’s either Pepper or Natasha or maybe both.
It’s been a while since Steve dozed off, sleeping off of whatever Bruce and Thor cooked up for him.
“Remember what I told you about never ever wanting to see you hurt like that again, yeah?”
Just, slow. And then steady.
“Truce-leaf, huh?” He asks, watching as he twirls the leaf, its stem pinched between his index and thumb, with intense curiosity before shifting the same gaze to Tony, who swallows thickly, trying for and succeeding with a smile – just a small one with the amount of energy he can muster for now – and shrugs.
Even if she’s not as close with Tony as Peter is, he feels for her what he feels for Peter, all the same.
“Are you going to?” Rhodey asks, not missing a beat.
It makes his skin itch and his blood whoosh up to his brain and everywhere else. He realises his fingers have started shaking and he clenches them all into fists and thrusts them into his pants’ pocket.
He can’t lose this. He can’t lose Tony. He loves them too much; loves Tony too much, and he knows how Tony has tendencies to sabotage himself, self destruct in the process, but Steve won’t let him destroy this. Won’t let him destroy them.
This one wears his age and is apparently famous in the world of psychology, according to Pepper.
. “I’m sorry about Pepper,” murmured atop of Tony’s head.
He can shift the location to Manhattan, Autumn in 2015.
“Hungry?” He asks
You okay there, Tones?” He asks, worry lines pinching over his forehead.
“They gave me enough reasons to be.” Tony says, with a smile on his face.
There’s a temptation in there, isn’t it? To tease the death and see if you’ll finally be accepted.
Point is: Bucky's relapsed, don't know when exactly it happened but Tony knows that that is not the matter of concern. What matters is for them to get up again.
Tony pulls in a deep breath. Alarm bells ringing all around him. He knows the minute he climbs onto the bed next to Bucky that he is risking his life. But at that moment, he doesn’t care.
Tony soon learns that a small pile of scrap at the end of the workshop is where Barnes sits to clean up his choice of weapon.
