"Well?" the voice in his ear demands. "I know somebody's home, with this P-O-S parked in the driveway. You're weeks overdue on explaining what the hell is going on."
His head snaps back as Dean squeezes the trigger, brain and bone and blood fanning out the exit wound across the floor. Krissy flinches, arms curling towards her chest. She stares at Dean for a heartbeat, and the look on her face — brows pinched, eyes wide, mouth slightly agape — is kind of comical. To her credit, she doesn't scream, just touches her hair, then pulls her hands back and stares at the blood there.
Before the blow lands Dean blurs, warps, and twists into something inhuman. Black wings made of smoke unfurl around him in a hiss like a snake, jaws opening wide. The girl screams as the creature lunges, and Dean jerks awake with a start.
Castiel considers what Dean would sound like if he said
, and they hit like fucking trucks. Dean rolls out of the fray, narrowly avoiding one of the traps etched into the floor. The kitchen is a hurricane of wings and celestial fury. He retreats into the adjacent hallway, forcing them into a bottleneck. Broken wings don't seem to have much effect on their ability to move fast when they need to — before he can reach the junction, two of them cut him off.
Castiel sighs. Sam isn't stupid, and has likely put two and two together — that it isn't just any demon in his brother's body, but that his brother
Something grabs at his ankle as he stalks back to the car and he pulls away instinctively. Cas hangs on. "Don't do this," he says, and sounds remarkably calm for somebody with one wing in the grave. "Let us help you."
brother, Crowley," Castiel interrupts. "Or do you prefer your given name, now?" He goes on, voice dangerously low. Thunder cracks overhead; so much for forgoing the theatrics. "Do you even remember it? The name our Father gave you?"
"Standing
Dean's sitting on the dock by the lake. The sun is high in the sky, bright enough to make him squint. There's a gentle breeze causing the water to ripple, reeds waving gently at the bank beside him. It carries the long, mourning call of a loon stretch across the water.
By the time the sun is high overhead, the room has warmed enough that Castiel extinguishes the fire. It will take some time before the cold doesn't make Dean so uncomfortable anymore, and in the meantime Castiel doesn't mind lending him some warmth. He banishes the beds and the rotting furniture with a touch, allowing Dean to sweep away the dust and leaves. The countertops of the old kitchen takes a little more work, Dean scrubbing at the stubborn mold and stains until they leave behind a pristine white tile ("Nothin' beats good old fashioned elbow grease, Cas."). The pungent chemical smell of bleach lingers in the air afterward, mixing with the sweet smell of the woods outside.
He tries to stand and reels, ass landing heavily on the bed. Sam steadies him when he cants to the side. "Holy shit. It's like," Dean pitches forward, cackling, and Sam readjusts his grip on Dean's shoulder so he doesn't end up on the floor. "You ever done a whippit?"
"You love me," Dean repeats the words, mocking, rolling them over his tongue, and shakes his head. "Jesus Christ, Cas. Really?
It's not the first time they've been kicked out of a public library, but it's definitely the first time they've had the cops called on them for it.
"Yes," Cas says, matter-of-fact. "Take your time."
Sam opens his mouth to no doubt bitch, but Dean just puts the car into drive and leaves him by the office to walk to wherever the fuck his room happens to be. And it's not as if Cas can't stay with Sam, because lack of profound bond notwithstanding, Dean's caught them geeking out in the library and gossiping like teenage girls often enough that he's actually had to acknowledge that punch-in-gut feeling is probably jealousy. Which is just fucking stupid.
Dean remembers it, all of it, in pristine detail. He remembers the heat, the feel of clammy skin and the smell of the twisted sheets; the sound of the door opening, the look of resignation and mild disgust on his father's face; the deputy muttering apologies and how he didn't want any trouble on his way out the door; how John hadn't said a single word; how he couldn't look his father in the eye, scrambling for his clothes without bothering to shower, and spending the night in the backseat of the car.
He runs instead.
"Your gaydar is fine," Castiel assures her. "He's my brother."
you," Sam huffs, tossing the smirk right back at his brother.
"Sorry," she says. "My bad."
Castiel has met enough celebrities this week to last him a lifetime. "Not particularly."
His chest feels tight, and if he had to breathe Dean might be worried about it. "Every risk you've ever taken has come back to bite you in the ass," he snarls. "Trusting Metatron, trusting Crowley, not trusting
Interview with Gabe shamelessly stolen from Colbert's with Chris Pratt. (yes, apparently he was a coupon salesman xD
He hasn't been through this town in — hell, thirteen years, give or take. It's the kind of rural farmer's town with no streetlights and more churches than stop signs, but there's an old iron railway that blocks his path and makes him detour up past the old
"What are you talking about?"
He only notices the leather-bound handle, half-under the bed, because a long feather jostles it across the stone floor. Sam picks up the blade, half expecting it to disappear, but no, it's really there. Why didn't Crowley take it? He grips the handle and tucks it into his waistband. It's heavier than any bone has a right to be.
"I don't," Dean snaps, and winces at the sound of his own voice. "But you clearly do, and between you and Sam, I'm going to lose my shit before we get anywhere close to Kansas. So we're going to fucking talk about it."
"Dean, I — "
want to."
"Stay with Sam," Castiel decides, opening the passenger door and climbing out.
"I'm not afraid of the stage," Castiel says. He's done solos for thousands of people before, because even first chairs get sick sometimes. And it's not like he hasn't been surrounded by public figures his entire life, what with his family, but he doesn't have the right blood-alcohol ratio for that conversation. Yet. "And I'm not afraid of the press, either."
Sam hands over a credit card and drags Dean back to the motel, thankful his brother goes without a fight. Dean shucks his shoes and pulls a pair a headphones over his ears, the gentle tick of the iPod overloud in the solemn quiet of the room. He crawls into bed after messing with it for a minute, collapsing on top of the covers, seemingly conked out before his head hits the pillow.
Dean sits up a little straighter, scooting back until he's resting against the headboard. "You gonna spit it out, or make me guess?"
"I'm sure the human company doesn't hurt," she adds with a small smirk, and Sam smiles and nods. "All right, well, first thing's first. You look like you haven't slept in about a week — "
chapter title from Led Zepplin's
"You let me worry about that" Dean tells him. "Keep working on it."
"Can I buy another development card?" Jody asks, and Dean passes it over without looking. "Thanks."
Dean twists out of the current grip on his hips and turns, and stares into bright blue eyes, thin rings around blown pupils, and every other body around him fades away.
"Merry Christmas to you, too."
Except, there kind of is, and that's even
"Dean?" Sam keeps his distance, but circles around the Impala, still poised to fight if he has to. Like he'd stand a fucking chance. "But you're — "
A hand grasps his shoulder and Dean lashes out, slaps it away and stumbles up and back until his body connects with a wall. His legs are jelly, can't hold him up, and gravity drags him back down to the floor.
When Dean glances up from his confab with the toilet, Crowley is standing in the doorway, holding out a hand. Dean takes it and allows himself to be pulled to his feet. There's no vertigo, just a weird sort of hollow feeling along his midsection. Crowley's grip is burning hot and it takes every ounce of self control he possesses to not lean into it.
) and Sam doesn't even realize how much he missed this until he feels his eyes start to sting.
doing
"The kind who wasn't kiddin' about that gag."
"Oh, okay. I'll let you know — "
, but Dean knows it's more for effect than any real offence. "Don't worry about where we got it. I just need it opened."
Sam needs whiskey and failing that, a
, a memory supplies.
Krissy smirks. "That's what you get for sleeping on the job."
"Lucifer screwed it all up. You're right about that much." Gabriel scans the room, eyes something over Sam's shoulder, and waves his hand. The bottle of scotch appears between them along with two glasses; Gabriel carefully pours a glass and offers it to Sam; Sam shakes his head. "Suit yourself," Gabriel says, and drinks straight from the bottle. "I never asked for this, okay? And when Dad left and Michael took over, I just... I didn't think it mattered any more. Archangels are weapons. We don't
Bela's cursing and he can hear Kueng trying to rattle off a spell but Dean's clawing at his face with both hands, demon knife forgotten. The salt sticks in the corners of his eyes and to the blood still on his face and
A furious wind churns inside, threatening to cyclone. The air itself seems charged, spitting and sizzling, pink webs of electricity arcing off the walls. Static fills the space between, hissing from dozens of radios strewn across the room. Sam squints against the wind, one hand up to shield his eyes as he follows the line of shelves down the row, and peeks around the end, and finds Dean laughing in the eye of the storm.
Sam snaps right back.
Dean's not too worried about it. In LA, maybe, but New York is popular with public figures for good reason. A baseball cap and a pair of sunglasses are all they need to stay anonymous.
"What the hell is vodka — " Bela begins, but shuts up and rolls her eyes when Dean turns his gaze to her. Whatever this asshole is doing seems to be working, and while Dean has developed sixteen different ways to kill him since they arrived, he's willing to wait until he has what he wants. What he
"Here?" Krissy stares at sign and the patrons milling around outside, then back at Castiel. "Uh, you know he's not, um." She looks confused for a moment, then squints at Castiel. "Is he? I mean, I guess — seriously?"
He takes two steps forward, grabs the barrel, and points it up by the time she's squeezed the trigger. He keeps his hold on the gun and considers her. "I told you to never hesitate," Dean says, and he's kind of disappointed. She knows better to get this close — at ten feet, that gun would have still been effective if he was human. He lets his real eyes show, and smiles at the way her complexion pales. "He wasn't good enough for you anyway, sweetheart."
"Shit," Sam snaps. "Well that's just fucking great."
She's still wearing that knowing smile, the one that makes Sam's fist itch in want to wipe it off her face. She was always good at this, talking in circles until her point seemed to make sense. Maybe she had some of it right — maybe there was some sense to this twisted circle of bullshit that they all went through, each in their own time, but in the end it was the decisions that pointed souls one way or the other. And if Dean was too high on Hell to know which decision to make, then Sam will make it for him and live with the consequences.
Keung levels a look at her over his glasses. "You remember Pandora's dilemma, surely."
Dean sags into the grip. "Honestly, Cas, I don't know if I ever trusted myself in the first place."
Jody looks relieved to see the angel. "You tapping in for a few rounds? Sam could use another nap."
Castiel wants to remind him that Dean isn't his brother anymore. Castiel wants to tell him what he saw in the bunker, the twisted black smoke behind Dean's eyes, the twisted shadow beginning to take form beneath his skin. The man Sam is asking a favor for no longer exists. The soul Castiel fell from grace for is gone.
"Maybe later," Sam says. He finds a shelf out of view and buries the blade behind a row of dusty old encyclopedias. It won't keep Dean from finding it, but he was raised too paranoid to just leave the damn thing laying out on the table. Jody's still waiting for an answer when he comes back into view. Sam sighs. "He's a friend. I think."
? You can't be this stupid. I
"Woman's a goddamn psychopath."
one more time, I swear to God," Dean says. But Cas is right; that's not the objection, never was. If it was as simple as what Dean
The door rattles and booms, again and again as the hounds slam into it. The wood by the lock begins to splinter. The growls are so loud they sound like they're already in the room.
. The touch is so cold it burns and Dean screams but can't hear it, sound getting trapped in the cold ice with everything else.
Coalmont, Tennessee is less of a town and more of a long road through the woods with town-like buildings every quarter mile, the kind of place that still operates on dial-up internet. He isn't sure exactly where it starts or where it ends; the buildings just disappear after a while and Dean is driving through endless miles of dense forest on two lane asphalt, a dusting of gravel on one side to serve as a shoulder. The road is thin and twisted, and the trees block out the sun like driving through a tunnel. There's a forest fire somewhere nearby, smoke hanging in the air and making it hazy, and the smell of burning is pulled through the open windows.
"Jesus fucking Chr — " Keung reevaluates his choice of words when Dean and Bela turn to look at him. He eyes Krissy sagging against the pillar, and watches her slide to the floor as Dean releases her. "What the fuck happened?"
Dean takes another drink and grimaces. When the hell did sex get
"Hey, what the fuck do you think you're doing?"
Jody raises her eyes from the book in her lap when Sam comes into the library.  Bela is still trussed up in the corner across from her, eyes narrowed over the gag Jody secured around her mouth. "I don't suppose you want to tell me what
because when Dean joins Sam on a case these days, they get separate rooms.
"Hi Dean!" Jess adds, and Sam's a little annoyed how Dean's voice drops to a normal octave long enough for him to say
to breathe.
When this sort of thing happened with Lisa, she at least had the decency to be frustrated by it. But Lisa was human, with human wants and desires and a knack for interpreting whatever the hell was going on in Dean's head at the time. Just because Cas can kinda-sorta read his mind or mood or whatever doesn't mean he really understands it, knows how to see past the bullshit and cut to the chase, to push a little harder when Dean pulls away.
He moves away from the crowd, trusting his shadow to follow. The bodies thin as he moves past the bar towards the dark hallway that runs along the back. Two women are occupied along the wall, oblivious to anything but each other. There's a door at the end marked as an exit, and two along the hall. Castiel glances over his shoulder, wary of the sudden absence of presence there, and slips inside.
"Maybe," Sam admits, though that discussion would require another heavy round of whiskey. "But the destiny talk is just crap. It's not what you're meant to do, it's what you
"Nothing," Sam says. Dean watches him for a moment. Sam keeps his eyes on his laptop until Dean breathes, hackles going down, and he slumps back in his seat.
The Atlantic Ocean has a distinctly different smell from the Pacific. Dean noticed it when he was human, he supposes, but never bothered to analyze it. The sharp scent of salt is muted beneath the heavier smog on the east coast, waters tainted with a larger helping of human pollution. Dean doesn't particularly care about the local ecosystem, but it makes his nose wrinkle involuntarily. The stench almost blocks out the half-million or so souls inhabiting the city perched along the edge of the coast, half a mile away.
. A second howl echoes the first, overlapped by a crescendo. They're close and they're hungry, starved for decades to make them vicious.
Dean groans and rolls his eyes. "Yeah, Sammy, I know,
Sam frowns at the implication that his brother has been reduced to
"Same song, different tune," Dean shoots back. "Nothing's gonna change. If it isn't Michael, it's Lucifer. If it isn't Lucifer, it's
"I understand some that bodily functions are necessary, however unpleasant, to maintain these vessels in working order." Dean really hopes this isn't a precursor to repeat the poop conversation, and groans when Cas continues with, "And it is perfectly logical that the body needs sleep to rest and heal, and to eat in order to produce energy and to eliminate waste. What I do not understand is its need to — " he pauses, but not in hesitation, Dean knows better; human Cas has the same concept of shame and embarrassment as angel Cas, which is basically none whatsoever, " — to constantly
"It was an honor," Cas continues, and Dean doesn't have a reflex to deal with that, so he says nothing, just closes his eyes and lets Cas map his features like he's molding Dean out of clay. Lips move along his jaw, his cheek, brush against his ear, Cas' voice low and Dean can barely hear him over the sound of the water. "My entire garrison came for you. Michael himself was supposed to take you, but you wouldn't come. You didn't want to leave, didn't think you were worthy of rescue. But you came for me," Cas says, and Dean doesn't even remember that, or maybe he does, maybe he just never wanted to. When he opens his eyes, Cas is smiling at him, and Dean can count the water droplets caught in his eyelashes. "You think you're not worthy of this, but you're wrong.
Dean rolls his eyes at the look Cas gives him. "Fine," he says. "But we're taking the car."
Outside the room, more vibrations fill the air. They become louder as they draw closer. Two sets of sounds, one heavy and steady and slow, the thunder of matter against matter. The second softer, weaker — yet somehow louder; the anemic flutter of broken wings.
it as he catches Cas' bottom lip between his. It's nothing compared to the heat inside his mouth, though, as Dean sneaks his tongue inside. When he pulls back Cas moves to follow, but Dean just tilts his head and catches Cas' upper lip this time. Swipes his tongue along the teeth. Cas tastes faintly of mint toothpaste.
, and I managed to screw it up."
Downtown is up the street, two blocks to the right, and ten to the left, hang a right at the creek. It looks like the sort of country club rich assholes use to host NRA rallies. Dean's never spent any time in this town aside from Bobby's place in the hills and the diner on the edge of the city, and had no idea they had a golf course, much less what to use an iron for aside from busting someone's car window to steal a radio.
"Hold on, hotshot, you're a bloody mess." She indicates the broken ribs, the festering wound in his leg.
out of letting me down, man. Kinda like right now," he adds, shrugging. "If you really cared, you'd leave me the fuck alone."
Castiel pauses and crouches down. The tile is sticky beneath his shoes, and there's black mold along the crease where the wall meets the floor. Between the stall divides, there is a thick dusting of pale yellow-green powder.
It occurs to Sam that this conversation is no longer directed at him. Dean makes a massive show of rolling his eyes and mimicking a talking mouth with his hand. "Short version is he won't start decomposing all over the place. Can we eat now? Turns out chugging grace burns through calories. I'm
Their rooms aren't next to each other; Sam's two doors down, but judging by the cars out front, one's full of a family from four (and probably a dog) from Pennsylvania, and the other (judging by the pristine '08 Grand Marquis with a handicap symbol on the plates) an old couple from Michigan. It's a 70/30 chance they're okay, which are better odds than they usually get dealt, so Dean doesn't feel the need to salt the threshold.
"Dean's the cook," Sam grumbles. "I can get by, okay? But he, I don't know. Honestly, I didn't even know he could cook like that until we moved into the bunker."
Dean cuts at him with a cold stare. "You should shut the fuck up right about now. You have no idea — "
— and tries to remember why he fought so damn hard.
Castiel really doesn't. "Something that he can use against Michael and Lucifer, something that he doesn't have the power to get for himself? If I knew of such a thing, don't you think I would have attempted to get it myself when I was up against Raphael?"
"Pie is
Castiel hopes so, otherwise the twenty-thousand or so people in the audience are going to be upset. "Suppose someone has to keep the groupies company."
"You need to get over it," she says, not bothering to hide her frustration. "The sooner you do, the easier it gets."
models than rock stars, and has a mouth full of perfectly straight, white teeth, and just enough scruff that you could feel it scrape beautifully across your skin if you were lucky enough to warrant his undivided attention.
"Seriously?" Charlie is in his face and Dean pointedly ignores her, because he's still got Blue-Eyes’ gaze and he's not going to look away first. "While you were in the shower he knocked out a
Great. He's a man down and has a broken angel to boot. Not for the first time, Sam feels a tangible ache when he thinks of Bobby. Kevin. Charlie. Ellen and Jo. Ash. His father. Pamela. Even that asshole Gabriel. Just about everyone who could help is either dead or gone, or worse.
There's a sound underneath it, muted inside the metal walls, an inhuman roar Sam hasn't heard since Hell.
Castiel feels it now, even if it isn't directed at him. Dean's just hurting in general, and the anger floods in like self-defence.
Sam winces. He doesn't have the heart to tell her. Not yet. "I need you to put out a nation-wide APB."
Dean shrugs. "Not much of anything, tell ya' the truth."
"Yeah, yeah,
and wow, that actually sounds pretty damn sick on string, who knew? The violin mimicking the vocals could give Paul McCartney a run for his money.
Dean raises an eyebrow at that. "What
Hannah fought hard. She was the first in and the last down. He places a foot on her chestplate and pulls the blade out of her ribs. Whatever lights had been on in the room are broken and busted from the encounter, but Dean can see just fine. He prefers the dark; the colors aren't as bright.
For a second Dean thinks he's going to have to, but then Cas blurts out, "I don't understand why you're not
"Don't mention it, s'least I could do. It's nice to be the one helping you guys out for a change."
," Dean grouses. "Tell Bobby I can have my gun back."
isn't really the right word, anyway — beautiful, maybe, in the same way that tree frogs and cuttlefish are; deadly if you got too close.
"Really need to work on those trust issues," Crowley says, and takes the time to savor the drink. It's not Craig, but it's better than the swill they were serving in Kansas. "I thought we were friends."
, "it's... I dunno, I'd feel like those douchebags who sleep with drunk co-eds."
"Dean," Cas says, voice like tires skidding across rough gravel.
His companion gasps. When Crowley turns back, Dean is standing in the doorway, watching them both. He's wearing another shirt, which was probably white before he accepted Crowley's peace offering with open claws. Or, in this case, a fire ax.
"Shit always goes wrong in the middle of shows," Charlie says. She's eating mint chocolate chip straight out of the tub. And not one of those tiny ones, but the full Costco-size half gallons. Dean would worry, but he's seen that girl put away a twelve-pack of Dew every weekend for a month and never gain so much as a pound because she has the metabolism of a damn locust. "And it'll be six times, actually. They limited us to four so when we do four and the encore it won't keep everyone into overtime."
"I find being human quite liberating, actually." There's a small shuffle, but Dean can't see what Cas is doing. Refuses to look. "Despite all the small annoyances that come with being mortal. I do miss my wings," he admits. Something nasty burrows deep into Dean's chest and starts chewing on things that it has no business chewing on, and then Cas adds, "but I'm grateful to have this. I would rather part with my wings than you," and Dean feels the compelling need to punch something.
"Seriously?" Bela snaps, reminding Dean she exists.
Dean jerks mid-sip, thankfully spitting most of the coffee back into his cup. Sam sinks a little lower in his chair, letting the open lid of his laptop serve as makeshift privacy screen for whatever the hell's coming next. Dean just stares at Cas like the angel's sprouted another set of wings right here in the public library of Whitefish, Montana.
forgive you that."
"You shouldn't engage him," Castiel says when they're in the hallway, behind the safety of an iron door. "He is vying for any advantage."
Sam sets his jaw. His glances at the door without meaning to, can hear the low murmur of Dean talking to himself beyond it. "Even if he's right, he's still wrong."
It's what Dean would want.
" — but you're still
, Sam laughed his ass off.
I'm his brother."
Thirty seconds later,  it neatly deposits Castiel on the 22nd floor with an incessantly cheerful chime into a maze of skinny white hallways adorned with tasteless, abstract artwork that likely cost more than his apartment in Chelsea. He winds a familiar path through the alternatively bright-lit and dark halls towards the set, the murmur of the live audience growing louder with every step.
His chest is rising and falling rapidly in contrast with his flippant tone. Castiel wonders if Dean yet has the capacity to understand the panic he's experiencing, the anxiety, grabbing onto his chest like a vice. Castiel can empathize; his own memory of learning these emotions was distinctly unpleasant.
"No shit, Sherlock."
Dean's grabbing a beer out of the fridge  when Sam looks up, drops the tablet, and scrambles out of his seat. "Hey," he says.
The cold look Cas gives him suggests that they do, in fact, all have to be perfectly waffle-shaped.
The man takes a sip of his drink and grimaces. "This is a bloody tragedy, that's what this is. I think I shall dedicate a new level of Hell to the proprietors of thirty-dollars-a-bottle scotch." He takes another drink regardless, and sighs when Dean just waits for an answer. "Honestly, I'm a bit stumped. You're not what I expected. But then, I didn't really know what to expect. Cain was already one of us when he turned the blade on himself, but you… well. You never were one to do things the easy way. Always so truculent." The man's lips quirk as he swirls the amber liquid in his glass; he turns sideways in his seat and leans back. "What do you remember?"
"If you say the word
"The candy wrappers." Sam says, slowly standing up. "The radio? That was — "
He smiles again, and it's worse than the blank sort of psychotic expression he was wearing before. "The things I can do now.
"I'm not
"I didn't come for Cas!" Gabriel snaps, and a few of the overhead lights pop and go dark. It's enough to shock Sam into silence while Gabriel continues. "You think this is about him? About your brother? Newsflash, Sammy: this is about
That earns him another smile, then Crowley makes a fist, and a blinding pain ripples across his core. There's no delay this time. The pain is on an atomic scale, literally ripping molecules apart and snapping them back together again. It lasts seconds, but the echos of the pain stretch to the horizon, and Dean knows he’s screaming even if he can’t hear the sound.
He lets the water in the sink run until it's warm before washing his hands. He splashes some on his face, too, dragging his palms heavily down his face. He braces his hands against the sink and stares at his reflection, too-pale and thin, a reflection of himself ten years ago, minus the telltale crows feet. His scars are mostly the same, no traces left from the wounds he gathered over the summer save for one. He fingers the space between his ribs on his left side, tracing the spot where Krissy had plunged the demon blade into his heart. No amount of angelic healing would remove that.
There's a stretch of quiet aside from the melancholy sounds coming from the piano and Dean just loops it, sees the guy counting the beats in his head, and just when Dean thinks he's going to tell them all to fuck off and leave, he raises his bow to the strings.
"They?" Castiel asks this time. "There was more than one perpetrator?"
She can't open the door without backing into him. "A little," she admits. "Flashes. I wasn't down there that long, not compared to most. Crowley pulled me out early."
"Right. Thanks. And look," Sam says, removing the hand he braced on Gabriel's shoulder when that amber steely gaze snaps to him. "You mind hanging around for a bit?"
, though. Dean still sets some boundaries when it comes to using the bathroom or taking a drive to get some fresh air or bedding down with a pair a headphones so he can just
"You gotta look at me, man."
, he just has no idea how. "That aside, how're you doing? With the — everything else, I mean?"
Castiel hesitates, and it does not go unnoticed. He decides it's worth asking. "May I?"
Cas seems to be fulfilling that role just fine, but the trick will be to avoid getting accidentally smote in the crossfire.
"Black hole?" Dean repeats, because seriously,
She must see the hesitation, and raises an eyebrow. "What now?"
Krissy is holding onto his wrist, legs kicking, but she doesn't have the leverage to cause any damage. Dean squeezes her throat until he hears something
"You can start with whatever the hell is going on in there," Dean says, indicating Cas' forehead with a jab of his finger. "You say you're not going to leave, then fine. I'm asking
"What?" Sam says, whirling around. "What do you know about Michael?"
There's so many things he wants to say:
"I didn't say that, did I?" Quit while you're fucking ahead, Winchester. "I just meant, you
"Maybe you're just a lying sack of smoke," Sam snaps back. He'll cling to that as long as he can. Dean thinks he remembers, but he's looking at it through one-way glass. He can't remember half of his life, because he's incapable of understanding it. "You can't remember what you can't make sense of, and you can't — "
"Tingly," Sam repeats, deadpan.
"Here, wrap this around her. We need to call an ambu — "
Dean kicks until the angel lets go, and steps over his prone form to get to the door of the car. Cas flickers like a bulb in a haunted room, grace barely keeping him breathing. He isn't a threat, not anymore. Whatever strength he has is gone.
Dean looks up sharply at the name, fingers still lingering on the door handle. "What?"
Dean has his head resting against the wall and his eyes closed. Cas is staring off into the middle-distance, listening carefully.
family, this weird brotherhood he's been adopted into. "This isn't going to be as simple as just finding him. Dean will not come quietly. There won't be any convincing him, no reasoning with him. Even if he remembers us, he isn't human any more. He doesn't have any concept of empathy, compassion, guilt...or grief. There is nothing to hold him back from killing you. He will not hesitate."
"How about cleaning up your mess?" Bela snaps at his back.
"Hello to you, too. Bad time?"
The room is sparse, only bare essentials in furniture, but the walls behind and to the right contain an impressive assortment of weaponry. They glow against the drab color of the wall, echoes of bloodstains shining on the blades and ghostly smoke leaking from the barrels of the firearms. It's a wall of magnificent death, and yet not one of them is more formidable than the ancient blade in hand, crossed almost tenderly across cold flesh.
Someone upstairs shouts but it's cut short with a gurgle as Bela slices a throat open with the angel blade, warm blood spilling over the banister like a red waterfall. The other girl starts screaming and there's gunshots, and Dean leaves Krissy to contemplate her dead boyfriend as he joins Bela, cutting the second guy off before he can make it to the stairs. He takes a shot at Dean, but Dean's behind him before the hammer connects with the bullet, and snaps his neck with one hand.
"The actual fuck."
salesman?"
He's mostly given up on trying to talk to Cas about Miami, partially out of exhaustion and mostly because Cas seems determined not to talk about Dean at all. Sam has used every interrogation trick he knows, up to and including asking directly, but Cas refuses to tell him anything beyond Krissy stabbing Dean and nearly getting herself killed.
"I just have one of those faces," Gabriel replies without missing a beat, and flashes a smirk. "Bit of a nuthouse around here, isn't it?"
"You're not going anywhere," Dean says when they surface, whip cream be damned.
because you tortured the information out of another demon hogtied in your storeroom?" She pauses to raise her eyebrows at him. "Did I miss anything?"
, because we've been more of a family to him than you ever have!"
There were only a handful of angels that ever made the transition. Most of them were already dead. "Ana tore out her grace and was reborn mortal. She was born human."
The wind's on his side and starts to pick up, dumping more snow in the bed as Cas sweeps, until Cas decides the broom's too mundane or something; there's a flash of light, and when Dean blinks away the spots in his vision, water is gushing over the tailgate.
The other side of his neck pinches as the needle breaks skin, gentler than he was expecting. He can feel the pressure of the injection as the plunger is depressed, feel the warmth of humanity bleed into him. Something deep inside shudders and recoils, sharp claws digging in tight.
There's a new scar right over his breastbone from Metatron's blade, a diamond of shiny Mother-of-Pearl of new skin, but aside from that his body doesn't look any different. Cain's mark is still there, red and raised, but it's just a visual reminder. There's no ache, no burning need, just a combination of loose limbs and an empty stomach.
"She's stalling," Cas says.
"Yeah, well, if you want to listen to that locomotive all night, you can bunk with him. Be my guest."
before switching right back to full-volume-bitch-mode about breach of contract and the upcoming tour and how Tessa waited just long enough to get the payout from Woodstock, then leave them high and dry for Madison Square Garden, that
Sam's curious and can't help it, hopes Dean won't remember this conversation. "Because you're in his head?"
"Hello, Dean."
Dean wordlessly holds his hand out for the keys. Bela hands them over, and he sees her eyes drift over his shoulder, the sound of heavy boots making themselves scarce. Bela looks back at him and raises an eyebrow, eyes sliding from the retreating guy to Dean with surprise mixed with approval.
The black of space is colder than Hell and stretches on forever in every direction. It looks emptier than the night sky from here, sparse points of light hardly visible in the void. He tries to turn his head, but his body feels impossibly heavy, encased in transparent concrete. He wants out, wants
Dean considers it. It's a 60/40 draw; the kids were smart enough to bring backup, and might have more outside. He grabs the girl by her neck and drags her to her feet; Krissy splutters, gasping for breath, but stays standing once he releases her. The right side of her face is starting to swell, and her teeth are bloody. "Any more surprises?"
done. And I enjoyed it, Sammy. All of it. I didn't want to
Little Rock? "Arkansas?" Sam sees a hole open up in the pack of traffic; a lifetime of driving the Impala around makes it easy to swing this metal tunaboat into it and pull ahead. Granted, they'd be moving faster in the Impala, as even with Dean's tune up the Continental’s V8 barely chugs out two hundred horses. He's mostly thinking about that when he blurts, "What the fuck is he doing in Arkansas?"
"It's more efficient," Crowley explains. The lines are infinite in length and boredom, and Dean can see his point — if Alastair had gotten this creative, Dean would've broken in a week. "There are, of course, always the lower circles for those who deserve a more... specialized rehabilitation."
"Or," Jody says, walking into the kitchen and swiping Dean's newly-refilled mug right out of his hands, "instead of discussing grand theft auto in the presence of law enforcement, you could just borrow my truck."
"Madison Square Gardens," Castiel interrupts before Gabe can get going. "The concert starts at 7, but — "
The blood bubbles in answer to her incantation, twisting around the soft whisper at the other end. Even trans-dimensionally, it bleeds irritation.
There's plenty of flammable shit about the place but it's tedious, and by the time they've prepped the place to burn Dean's feeling restless, ready to move on. Krissy had mostly useless information, but one item caught his interest. An old promise he means to keep.
," someone sobs into the silence, and it takes Dean a moment to realize it came out of his own mouth.
Cas tips his head back to give Dean access, wings expanding between them. "Yes."
"I don't need a weapon. None of them would work on an archangel, anyway." Crowley stuffs his hands in his pockets and squints up at the sun. "I'm looking for a...call it a trinket. A little souvenir, from the pre-Anno Domini years."
His brother steps back, but Jody stands in front of the chair, bracing her hands on her thighs. The needle is still clasped in one fist. "When your brother died," she asks him, "how did it make you feel?"
"I know," Dean grinds back. He takes a breath and pushes off the sink, turning around to face them. "I know, okay? Save me the lecture."
"Well, a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away — "
"Not particularly," Cas says, but he doesn't seem perturbed by the change of pace. Content, even, but Sam honestly can't read him like Dean does. "But I do want to apologize for ignoring your prayers earlier."
Dean has his gun up before he breaks away, levelled over Castiel's shoulder. Castiel interprets the burst emotions as they flicker through him, one after another; surprise, then dread, followed quickly by sheer annoyance. He slips off the counter and steps around Castiel smoothly, but stays close.
They're not in exactly a good position to start off, Dean sitting cross-legged next to Cas' knees and Cas sitting up, legs still pointed towards the end of the bed. Normally Dean would solve that problem by just peeling off his shirt and crawling on top of him, but he doesn't want to rush. This is new for Cas and he really wants to take his time, wants to get as much as he can out of this while he can, all the while trying to ignore that little niggly voice in the back of his mind that says he doesn't deserve this, that he isn't worth it, that’s still shouting
"'Kay, um — "
replied:
"Sure," she says, pulling the necklace over her head and tucking the items underneath her uniform. "Thanks."
Dean lowers his fist. He loosens his grip, and Sam sinks slowly back down to the floor.
Castiel doesn't remember seeing any groupies, but then again, they passed through so many people, it's quite possible he missed them. It's less hectic in this alcove of noise; Charlie and Garth bent deep in conversation over a laptop in the corner, Ash laid out on a couple of amps and snoring, and mostly people working with their radios clipped to their belts as they spoke rapid-fire into headsets. A few waiters are offering drinks to whoever reaches out to take them, and it doesn't look like anybody is checking for ID.
he's sitting at a table with, a creature of pure energy and unfathomable age and power, less of a being and more of a cosmic force that also just happens to be a smartass most of the time. "Without Lucy around,
"And I thought you needed a couple of days?" Sam slams down the lid of the laptop with a snap. "Yesterday you didn't want to talk to me, and now you want to go on a hunt?"
Castiel heaves a sigh and follows after him, but takes his wine. A large, shiny black SUV is waiting for them outside the lobby, and Castiel ducks his head and scurries into it while Gabriel lingers, taking selfies and signing a few autographs for fans waiting out on the street.
"Good. Less people around to ask questions."
"Motherfucker," Dean says against his mouth as his hip hits the table. Cas hums against his lips and then moves on, trying out how his teeth work on Dean — well enough it takes Dean a full minute to remember why they even came over here but yeah, right, the bag. Dean reaches behind him and digs around blindly, unwilling to stop Cas from likely leaving a hickey on his goddamn throat. Dean finds what he's looking for and immediately forgets about it as Cas bites down, too hard, and Dean's eyelids drop, hips canting forward without permission. Cas pushes back, the hard line of his cock prodding insistently at Dean's hip, hands fisting in Dean's shirt.
But he also hates the politics, that he's spent four years as second chair even though he
Castiel thinks it would rain fire and blood again on this day if God had not forbidden the return of plagues on the earth. He has not strictly forbidden them in the cosmos, and Castiel flinches as a star goes prematurely supernova in a benign galaxy nearby.
, not nightmare. Dean doesn't dream of much else, anymore, and Castiel wonders if that's why he no longer bothers to distinguish the two. "I wish you would allow me to help."
"So," Bela begins as he reverses into the road. Dean really hopes she doesn't plan to talk the whole time, or she might end up making the trip in the trunk. "What do
Castiel says nothing, and from the back seat, Sam can't read his expression. Not that Sam can ever read him, not really; that was always Dean's thing.
"Dean's around," Benny supplies, before Castiel can ask.
One of Cas' hands is squeezing his knee in the kind of grip that will leave bruises, the other is out of sight and Dean wants it, wants to do filthy, sinful things with it, but first thing's first. Dean plays with the hem of Cas' shirt and pulls back just enough to tug it up, pulling it off and tossing it blindly towards the floor. It reveals an expanse of completely flawless, tan skin that Dean has seen before, sure, but never before when he had permission to
"I have to go back to Heaven," Castiel says, shrugging Sam's hand off. He points at the weapon on the table. "You must hide that. I'll be back soon."
"Sorry. I'm just — it can't be good, whatever it is."
"How can I know without having the experience?" And Cas has a point, but — "I thought the objections here were solely personal, but your orientation is fluid," and yup, Cas is actually ticking each item off his fingers like a list, and Dean decides to smother Cas with a pillow, and then himself, "you care about me, you're
There's a noise beneath them like a sonic boom. The serpent hisses, and Dean can feel the sound more than hear it, vibrations slamming up through the flesh of his body all the way to the bone. Lighting strikes the center of the puddle, and the imp is incinerated with a forlorn squeak.
There's jeans and t-shirts, socks and underwear, a couple of leather jackets and a pair of boots. Shit you could get at any army surplus. He ignores the briefs and grabs a pair of jeans.
He's twenty-eight when Sam dies. Dean remembers the shadow over his shoulder, the look on Sam's face when the blade found home. He was too late, despite the false reassurances he hissed into Sam's ear as they both knelt in the mud.  He knew a killing blow when he saw one.
. The shit we were killing? They were evil, sure, but they weren't nothin' compared to the monsters I'd met trying to feed your sorry ass."
Crowley glowers at him and Dean braces himself, for the first time in months feeling naked without the First Blade in his hand. Crowley's eyes follow the line of his arm down, landing heavy on the mark beneath his jacket. "See you don't go cashing in that blessing just yet," he says, walking away. "And keep that knife close."
Bela backs up until she hits the hood of the car and looks at Crowley for assistance. Crowley ignores her. "No one short of Lucifer himself has ever managed to twist a soul so quickly. It was magnificent to watch. Your mentor was right about that much: you're a rare talent. An artist, really — when you're not bellyaching about the morality of the situation."
Crowley steps in front of him, blocking Cas from view. "That pain you're feeling? The indecision? That's the human in you, desperately holding on. Terrified of letting go, of being alone. But help me, and I promise you, you'll never have to feel that again."
Cas meets his gaze evenly. "Won't be the first time."
Only it's not. It's not complicated at all.
"Crowley," Sam grates out. "He's — I don't even know anymore. But if that thing can do what Bela said it can — "
The men don't notice him sidle up, but the girl does. She narrows her eyes at him, but the glare eases when he gives her a slow smile. "What d'ya want, little dick?"
Cas looks up and smiles. "I'd like that."
"I don't give a fuck what they think," Dean tells him. "Any of them; Gabriel, God, the whole heavenly host. Maybe you do, and then you gotta deal with that, but right here? Yeah, you're being an idiot," he repeats, just in case Cas didn't get it the first time. "You really need me spell it out?"
It's freezing on the floor, and the toilet he's resting his forehead against isn't doing him any favors. His jaw and head are throbbing, his throat is stripped raw, and his legs feel disconnected from the rest of his body. He wonders, briefly, what the hell is wrong with him, but then the door to the stall swings open of its own accord with a bang.
"Ecstatic," Jody deadpans, and slides over a glass of orange juice. "And when you're done with that, you can help me clean up my truck."
Even threadbare and broken, the wings still manage to send every scrap of paper in the vicinity flying and blow Sam's hair all over the place. Hell, he'd be impressed if he wasn't so worried.
Dean exits the bathroom dry and naked. The room is empty, but there are folded clothes on the end of the bed. When he bends to retrieve them, he's assaulted with the lingering scent of sex and sweat. He breathes it in for a while, and wonders why in the hell he ever stopped sleeping with men. When he tries to remember, there's nothing but fog there, thick and unrelenting against his curious prods.
it or is it..."
"Why would I leave?" Cas says, a little breathless.
. Sam doesn't say it, because it really doesn't matter. He sends out a silent thank-you to Castiel, anyway, because he wasn't looking forward to scrubbing hellhound off the floor. "You want some help with that?"
A pattern is emerging in the spellwork, and Dean's not so much curious as he is just following it to keep himself busy, because it's been almost an hour and the box is still closed. Rosewater. Burdock. Myrrh. Sandalwood. Anise. And the Reyka Bela went to fetch — Dean's not familiar with the brand, but recognizes the label as something off the top shelf. The runes on the lockbox are starting to glow, bright blue light washing out the soft light of the candles.
"S'pose you should come in," Ash decides. He pulls the door wider and leaves it open, sauntering off without looking back. Castiel wishes he could appreciate the view of his naked ass as he walks away.
Dean considers that. He can remember wanting to die, so many times — but the reasons are hazy. There's a void there, back when Sam had left for Stanford and left him alone with John, when Sam died for the first time, when he had lept into the cage with Michael. This entire past year, when he realized Sam hadn't looked for him in Purgatory, when he thought Cas was gone for good. When Sam wouldn't fucking talk to him.
The bunker is bright and silent.
Castiel looks again, taking the time to check windows of the buildings at the intersection. "Not right now. But that doesn't meant there isn't anyone watching."
It's fucking weird listening to Cas talk using Dean's voice; while Sam isn't exactly looking forward to getting Dean's demonic ass back in the driver's seat, at least it'll be
"Yeah, yeah, Your Highness," Dean says and Castiel lets out a breath he wasn't aware he was holding when Dean looks away, eyes following Charlie out of the room.
Sam shrugs, too tired to really let the words sink in. "You say that like it's a bad thing."
"Because it's a
Led Zeppelin keeps Sam company all the way to the motel they crash in for the night. Best to go after the vamps in the daylight, and Sam's a few years past being able to roll twenty-six hours straight without it taking a toll on his reflexes. He takes a seat at the little table by the window to dig through his go-bag, grabbing a beer out of the cooler as he sets up his laptop.
Dean's in the shower longer than strictly necessary; the water pressure is really, really good here and he makes a mental note to look this place up the next time they're nearby. He feels a lot better after washing the road off, looser and little more clear-headed. When Dean comes out, towel wrapped around his waist, Cas is still sitting at the table watching some documentary on killer whales of all things. The curtains are pulled closed and the bedside lamp is on, so Dean figures he must have moved at some point.
him?"
Dean pulls off the ear and eye protection and squints at the target. "Damn," he says.
"Not that old," Bela reminds him. "And we're on a clock."
Gabriel's laugh makes Castiel smile, even as he gets to the street level just in time to see his bus pull away from the stop. "
Crowley shoves him against the wall with a flick of his wrist and continues talking as if he was never interrupted. "Our hosts tend to take things like breathing and kidney function for granted. Amazing, isn't it, how complex the human brain is and yet how utterly
Dean looks up to glare at him, but Cas cards his fingers through Dean's hair and a warmth blooms at the back of his neck and spreads out, trickling down his spine and leaving his skin tingling. "Y'know, usin' your mojo like that," Dean grumbles against his navel, "that's cheating."
"Go on, git," Jody snaps, shooing him out with a ladle, " I don't want my breakfast interrupted by that demon bitch getting loose."
"And he'd kick your ass," Sam says. "Again. And then finish the job." Castiel closes his mouth, because Sam is probably correct, although Castiel does stand a better chance than he does. "So let's skip the ten minute argument about it and spend it getting on the road, okay?"
Krissy can still walk, if slowly, so Dean just drags her into the back room, stepping over the dead bodies of the djinn decaying on the floor. The lockbox still sits on the table and looks the same as it did before, but the chalk circle beneath it is charred black and burned into the tabletop. The room smells like sulfur.
It takes all the self control Sam has not to flinch in sympathy when Cas lays into her with the blade, going right for a nerve bundle that Sam knows from experience delivers the kind of pain that makes you want to die just to make the pain stop.
Sam trails off when Cas slants him a loaded glance, left eyebrow arching in a way that makes Sam squirm. He's looking at Sam in that unrelenting way he usually stares at Dean, and Sam has no idea how Dean
, letting it all hang out and Castiel is not staring, okay, just wondering what the hell these people have against pants.
"Pardon me, I'm being summoned," Charlie says, flashing him a grin. She grabs her drumsticks and twirls them in her fingers. "See you on the flip side!"
Dean stretches his legs out on the clean hardwood, resting his back against the wall. Castiel leaves and returns in an instant, and Dean blinks up at him when Castiel hands him a beer. "Uh... thanks."
Sam rolls his eyes. "Forget it. Jody, you good?"
Dean's back in his face before Cas can blink. "It's funny, 'cause I think I might've loved you back, once upon a time. I remember that, but y'know what I can't remember?" He lets his eyes slide over, reminds Cas what he's become. "
"Yeah, well, won't make that mistake again," Dean says. He rolls his shoulders, takes Cas in. He's wearing that stupid fucking coat again, over jeans and one of Dean's old t-shirts. Maybe he thinks it'll make a difference. "Shame about before, though. Coulda had some fun. God knows you've been wanting a piece of my ass for a while, now."
"Yeah, I feel okay," Sam says, shrugging. "I — "
A man is washing his hands at the sink. He glances at Castiel as he passes, eyes sliding up and down Castiel's torso, but doesn't speak when Castiel looks away. The dissonance of the club invades the space as the stranger opens the door behind him, an ominous voice droning out
Sam glances at his watch. The left side of his face is still a little swollen, and there's a healthy bruise under his eye. His bottom lip boasts a split just below it. He looks as if he's had a week to heal. "Half a day, give or take a couple of hours. Don't move too much. Your body lost a lot of blood, and you — "
that got a reaction out of Dean. "Fine," Sam says. "But only if you," he points at Jody, "eat something."
"Twist my arm," Jody says, rolling her eyes. She pats Cas on the shoulder, "You good to babysit for an hour?"
"Having the mark of Cain, the First Blade,
"I ain't leavin' my baby to freeze in this wasteland," Dean grouses, feigning a look out the opaque windshield. Between Cas and the steering wheel, it's pretty crowded — there's plenty of space behind him, but he's gotten comfortable in the warmth. "And we're not sleeping here, either."
Dean catches his gaze, and it reminds Castiel of the lingering despair beneath the green. "Humor me."
"It doesn't have to be like this," Dean goes on, casting his eyes around the room as if he's lost track of Castiel, even though Castiel hasn't moved. His eyes are still clear. "You don't have to die. If you let me go — "
"Why do I have troopers all over the midwest hunting for your brother?" Jody asks when he doesn't answer. "People are starting to ask questions."
Dean does, and Castiel wonders how hands that can kill so effectively can simultaneously be so gentle, so careful. "We should leave before she does," he says. "She'll still probably want to kill me, and I don't know if I got it in me to stop her."
, Dean, is that the goal of the exercise is to
"Good morning," the darkness answers. A light flickers on in the corner and Dean blinks again, rubbing at his eyes to clear them. "You feel asleep in the middle of the movie."
"You're too human," Cas informs him, calmly, like this is good news. "Don't fight it, Dean, just — "
Gabriel's lips pull back over his teeth in a sneer, but Sam doesn't let the excuse get out and shouts right over him. "Where were you when Cas was fighting
Lightning strikes, sending out a hot pulse of magenta light. The thunder is so close on its heels that they overlap.
"More like
"Sam," Castiel says again. Sam glares at him. "They will not be able to help her."
Cas is saying something and when Dean looks up, Cas is watching him, face hidden shadow, lips parted.
, just the hollow shell of Jimmy Novak that he's always wearing, broken web of a stolen grace pathetic against his brethren. Dean is surprised he can stand, much less speak. "And even if you could — "
Crowley looks back over his shoulder and raises an eyebrow. "Did I?"
"Okay," Castiel says immediately.
"If you say 'fine', I swear to God I will knock you out again."
Sam shows him the local reports from Hays, going back six weeks. Three deaths, all connected with the automobile accident that left a young woman and her infant dead. There's only two more people that were involved in the pile-up, and likely next on the list. Dean comes to the same conclusion Sam had: vengeful spirit. "Where'd you pick this up?"
There are hellhounds in the bunker, and Dean wonders where Sam is. What he's doing, if he's eaten. If he
"Oh," she says, looking mildly disappointed. "Damn. My gaydar's usually on-point."
Sam scrubs a hand through his hair and grimaces. He needs a shower. "So when we pray to you — "
, Dean wants to tell him.
A warm body presses close to his. Something citrus and floral assaults his senses. Dean blinks, and refocuses.
"I don't suppose you have any idea what that something might be."
The sneaky guilt spiral starts to pick up speed, spinning in vicious circles, curling up tight in Dean's guts like a snake. There's a sharp pain along his scalp as Cas tightens his fingers and tugs. "Stop that."
. About you. I can't think about anything else." Cas looks a little constipated, or maybe that's just frustration trying to manifest. Maybe it's both. Cas does eat sometimes, but do angels poop? "I don't know how to explain it," and wow, okay. Dean tries to focus because Cas looks angry, actually. Not at Dean or anything in particular, just general annoyance at the universe as a whole. "I can explain it in Enochian," he goes on, like
Sam blinks and rubs at his eyes, looking around. He's surrounded by stacks of decomposing cars. The ground is an equal mix of dust and gravel and garbage. Dark clouds roil overhead, grumbling quietly in discontent. A single, thin strip of neon light arcs out of the clouds and strikes the warehouse before him. Sam ducks instinctively at the instantaneous thunderclap, hairs on his arms standing on end.
condoms.
It's worse than Castiel feared, if the demon is already beginning to take form. He keeps his hands at his sides, and meets the invisible gaze across the threshold.
"It was the right decision," Cas continues, calmly, because he hadn't had to watch Dean try and drink himself to death that year. "I was out of control, much like — "
Cas looks down, expression openly fond. "And if they don't?"
is. But where isn’t especially important. Nor is when, or how or why. The dark itself isn't worrisome, and neither are the details.
"Bullshit," Sam says, but is it? He doesn't even know anymore. "You weren't yourself. You're not yourself
It can't come soon enough. Sam suffers through four more hours of
It turns out Keung did not have any humans 'lying around' and neither did anyone else (the vamps apparently had their dinner already), but if there's one thing this planet has in abundance, it's humans. A short trip out and the vamps bring another back, under the premise that whenever the demons are done with it, they get it back.
It may have been a dick move to set up a monopoly on the map for the ore since he's the only one who actually knew how to play, but Dean plays to
, and her kicks get panicky. The hands on his wrist scramble, nails digging in hard, leaving red trails in his skin. "You never did learn how to take a hint."
Cas inhales and looks away;
The words wash over Sam like ice water; he shivers, and shakes his head, trying to clear it. "You
and suddenly Castiel is surrounded; Ash in leather pants and a white t-shirt with cutoff sleeves, Benny casting an imposing shadow behind him in his jeans and henley, and Garth looking completely out of place in a crisp button up shirt and bow tie, covered in a leather bomber jacket and topped off with a fedora. When Cain joins them at the rear, Castiel sees that he hasn't bothered to change out of the black-on-black garb from the previous stint, heavy leather jacket over a t-shirt and jeans.
The town's in his rearview mirror before he can puzzle it out, and lets the open road and endless fields wipe the memories clean.
important. Not to the world, not to the
He rolls his eyes but otherwise ignores her, lets her haunt his heels to the room on the end where he'd parked the Impala. The car is dusty on the outside and sticky on the inside. He should probably clean that up, but he can't bring himself to care.
Cas stares at him again. He still looks angry, and that's not really fair, what with Dean basically doing the heavy lifting, here.
Sam tries not to take it personally. "I'm sorry about what happened  — "
"Call it a calculated risk."
Hwy 50 gives way to I-44 just past the town of Union, and Sam directs Cas to take I-55 South to avoid the St Louis traffic altogether. Dean's still heading up through Tennessee, but this will keep them close enough that if he suddenly changes direction, they might be able to head him off. Sam drums his fingers along his knee, watching the pulsing red dot that shows Dean moving steady up small highways, halfway between Nashville and Clarksville.
, fizzy amber liquid following it over the edge. "I have to go."
— that he had to, like he always had to, that he'd be back once he found Jack, once he found Kelly, once he found Lucifer. It was temporary, always temporary, right up until it wasn't.
The car's sitting towards the end of the line, parked between a shiny new Escalade with bright rims and an old towncar with a mismatched door panel and short one hubcap. She's dustier than when he left her — judging by the itch on his arm, the trip to Hell had taken a couple of days — and has four bullet holes in the driver's side doors. There's two more holes in the windshield and one in the dash.
Dean's always maintained that shower sex is complicated and this isn't an exception. But for the first time in
Dean contemplates his coffee for a minute. "Look," he begins, and that's really as far as he's planned. He hopes whatever verbal diarrhea follows manages to make his point. "It's not that I'm not...amenable, or whatever, and I really hate that fucking word, okay? This isn't an experiment — or maybe it is, for you, but you can't
"You just avoided certain truths to manipulate me."
When Castiel looks at him now he sees nothing but darkness and chaos. The blue glow of his grace reflects in Dean's black eyes.
John hadn't specified
Castiel waits and watches, until the only sound is the quiet, steady beat of Dean's heart.
Jody takes the glass and downs it like a shot, wincing at the burn. It's one of Dean's, so it goes down like gasoline. "Christ, that's — " she shoots a horrified look at Castiel. "Uh, sorry, I didn't mean — "
"Uh-huh. And how much longer is that grace going to last you?"
Dean snorts. "I'm gonna call bullshit."
"Do you think it's wise leaving them alone?"
Bela breathes out hard against his face when he picks her up and slams her into the wall. Her legs wrap around his waist and he grabs her by her thighs, hard enough to make her gasp. He takes the invitation of her open mouth. She makes a noise of surprise, and he swallows it.
and intense and bore into Dean as deep as any ocean and, fuck, if Dean's waxing poetic about Cas' eyes in his own head he knows he's already screwed.
Sam can't hold his gaze, and claps a hand on his knee as he stands. "We've both done worse to save one another. I'm not saying it's okay, but it is what it is. We'll figure it out." He stands back to survey his work; the chair sitting in the middle of the devil's trap is also made of iron, the straps securing Dean's wrists and ankles are salt-soaked leather inscribed with enochian symbols, and his wrists are still secured by the cuffs. It's more than they bothered to use with Crowley. "Okay, that should do it, if you want to, uh." Sam trips over finding the right words.
, but his vision's blurry and can't quite reach it.
"This will probably kill you," Castiel tells him instead, rolling back his sleeve.
Before Cas has the chance to snatch his weapon back, the third knocks him bodily to the ground, paws holding down his shoulders and jaws aiming for his throat.
"If you got famous young," Gabriel is asking, "would it have messed with you?"
, Dean. What good is Hell on earth if there's nothing left to corrupt? What's the point of everlasting paradise if nobody's allowed to have any fun, eh?"
on the chest), and declares: "Bullshit."
"And you?" Dean looks over at him, brows pinched together, and Castiel clarifies: "Are you all right?"
The jog helps work out the little bit of cabin fever he's been feeling. He wonders how long it'll be before Dean goes stir-crazy from being huddled up in the bunker, and figures they'll deal with that when it comes. He's heading down the hall towards the showers when he hears a series of metallic clangs coming from the garage, and picks up a run without thinking.
"It's a — "
. "You going to buy me a drink, or what?"
seems inappropriate, however pertinent.
Bela snarls, lips pulling back over her teeth, and her eyes go dark. "Probably bending him over, right about now."
They laid Cas's vessel up in one of the spare rooms, tied down just in case the spell somehow animates it into some sort of rage-zombie while Cas cools his heels inside of Dean. Jimmy's body was heavier than it looked, and the gentle rise-and-fall of his chest is the only hint that anything was left ticking at all. Sam's a little worried about sanitary issues, but apparently Cas isn't worried and therefore Dean isn't worried, and Sam just needs to pull that stick out of his ass or whatever.
wait what?? this is a hoax right
"Dreaming," Sam repeats. He doesn't necessarily want details, but Dean would never give him a straight answer. Sam starts the brewer and turns around to see Cas spooning apple pie into his —
"And from you," Cas says.
"Another city? Seriously?" Sam makes his bitch face and Dean smiles at him, bright and toothy. "I have fifteen goddamn sheep and a bale of wheat!"
"Don't be an asshole. You know that isn't what I mean." Sam's eyes shift to Dean's arm, and the mark there. "One day at a time, remember?"
"It's...beige."
Jody carefully places her mug back on the table and fixes him with a look.
When Dean tries to move around him, Crowley steps into his path. "Dean," he says, edge of his voice sharp as the blade in Dean's hand. "Don't do this to yourself."
There's some muted conversation that Castiel forcibly does not listen to — his head is swimming, still unwilling to accept this reality — but whatever Sam says causes Dean to smile. It's the first genuine human reaction Castiel has seen on Dean's face since this whole ordeal began.
He pauses his tirade as another shudder passes through the lake, and a light brighter than a sun erupts beneath their feet, lighting up the lake like an ocean of fire. Dean squints, but the light fades as fast as it came, imploding back to the center. Every hair on his vessel is standing up, goosebumps prickling along his skin in waves. The power there is more than impressive; it's
The mark on his arm flares with sudden pain, like a toothache, radiating to his core.
"Growing up in your household? I'm shocked."
"S'fine," Dean mumbles, tugging on the plants until they shake loose, stripping three vines at a time. "Think I'd be used to it by now."
Bela shifts in her seat again. Crowley thinks it has less to do with his words than the mouths Dean's getting intimately acquainted with at both ends on the bed. "I just don't see how whoring him out is going to achieve whatever madness it is you've got planned."
can see it, Sam. Open your eyes. He's in his element. He's doing what he was
He shivers and wonders if the panic is his own, or Dean's.
"C'mon, Cas." He's toying with Castiel now, eyes bright and smile sharp. There is nothing flirtaious in his tone, no leer in his gaze like the last time they were face to face. Something deep inside of Castiel shudders and curls in on itself. "I've seen you kick the shit out entire garrisons single-handed. Is this really all you've got left?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Nobody among the staff or the audience seem to notice him; Castiel is just another unknown face among thousands, and he's fine with that. He knows if he accepts Dean's ridiculous offer that will no longer be the case, but for now he's content in the relative ambiguity. It's why he really doesn't mind that Michael won't answer his calls any more, or how Ana lost his number, or how Luke pretends he doesn't exist. He never wanted in the spotlight like everyone
written in bold text beneath the emblem. So he was Army, then; an uneducated bullet sponge that put in his bare minimum and got lucky with a band that went big.
Gabriel blows a kiss out the door before pulling it closed, collapsing into the seat beside him. He casts a sidelong glance at Castiel's trench coat as the driver pulls the truck into traffic. "You're wearing a suit under that, aren't you?"
All Cas ever
"They're not coming back, you know," the demon says around a sweet smile. "He's going to kill them both, and then he's going to come for you."
He makes a show of yawning as he turns back to face her. "If you're just going to stall, I'm going to forget to set an alarm."
"Not my type," Charlie says cheerfully, patting his cheek. "And you should probably put some clothes on," she adds with a wicked smile, and Dean follows her line of sight to Castiel, still standing in the doorway trying to look everywhere except parts of Dean women the world over would wage wars for. "I
Castiel barely gets to Sam in time to pull him back and fly them out of the way, taking shelter beside what’s left of the warehouse where the Impala sits parked.
more cut, but they're more or less the same size), because Dean only has so many shirts and Cas keeps assuming ownership of all of Dean's favorites.
Cas squeezes his hand and makes that high-pitch sound again, a moan cut off with a cry and Dean fucks him through it, hand matching his hips as he rocks upwards, lets Cas stripe his stomach and chest. A little bit lands on his chin and Dean's just moaning nonstop, "please, please, Cas, fuck,
Bobby was proud of that car, but Sam has to admit the truck is more practical, and says so.
. Do you have any idea how many children are in need of homes? Of how many of them — of adults, even — are starving because — "
Gabriel rolls his eyes. "Just because you're comfortable blaspheming all over the place — "
Castiel squints at him but climbs inside, and maybe it's simple acquiescence because it's easier, but Cas is as stubborn as a damn ox and never misses the chance to argue. Dean suspects it has more to do with his voluntarily leaving the bunker, because he needs fresh air or vitamin D or what-the-fuck-ever.
"And ideally," Cas interrupts, "this intimacy is shared with someone you care about and already harbor affection for."
Cas doesn't bring them out much, anymore; most of the bunker is too small to accommodate them and Cas almost seems shy about them, sometimes, like he's worried they're a reminder of what he is, that the body he's adopted is just on loan, that Dean's somehow forgotten he's sharing a bed with an angel of the Lord.
Dean reminisces on that, and smiles. That
"I'm sure you've fond memories of this sandbox," Crowley says, as they reach the seventh circle.
He says it with a straight face, and it surprises a laugh out of Dean. "About sex? No," and that much is true, at least. Then he sneaks another glance at Cas. "Why, are
He grips hard as Dean starts pushing him back towards the bed. The stupid pajama bottoms he's wearing have a drawstring that Cas dutifully tied into a bow and Dean has somehow tied into a
Dean smiles. "Heya, Cas."
It all happens in an instant and when Dean looks up, Cas looks as surprised to see her as Dean is. Surprise that quickly shifts into fear as Dean curses, pushing to his feet. He shoves Cas back against the wall with one hand and grabs her by the throat with the other, slamming her back into the wall in one movement. He holds her there as he pulls the knife out with his other hand, gently, because this is Sam's fucking knife and what doesn't kill him can still hurt like a motherfucker.
"He's angry."
"Guess it's easy when you don't have to breathe." Dean's smiling, though, and that's a massive improvement. "Now let's see what you can do with a rifle."
"Better." Crowley cradles the back of Dean's head, holds him up as the stranger sets a brutal pace, the wet noises of coitus lost under Dean's litany of curses. "There you go," Crowley tells him, as Dean's eyes roll back, watches them turn black as the pleasure takes hold, eclipses everything else. "That's it, just focus on that, focus on how it
"Sam," Bela says, but Sam is done talking to her unless she's got something useful to share. He's still got the gag if she starts up with the singing again. "Sam!"
"It can restore grace?" Sam asks. "Are you fucking kidding me? This entire time, you're — it was
Castiel tries to shake his head, but his neck is stiff and his head feels heavy. "I did not."
"Considering my alternatives, gladly." He shifts his gaze back to Crowley. "So what is this, a bribe? You let me kill a few lackeys and bring me a whore," he continues, pointedly ignoring Bela's indignant snort, "and for what? What do you
Castiel slams his palm down in the center of runes, and closes his eyes against white-hot expulsion as his brother is banished.
, Dean thinks.
Gabriel turns his gaze on Castiel and grow wide when he sees the blood on Castiel's fingers, sees the symbol inscribed in the dirt between his knees. "Castiel, you wouldn't
looking at him, but Crowley moves right behind him and takes Dean's chin in hand, so Dean can't look away. His grip is gentle, cautious, yet it feels like he's taken Dean by the throat. His skin burns underneath Crowley’s fingertips, and the rest of Dean's body shivers, jealous of the contact.
Dean's shoulders twitch, tensing and shaking loose in an instant as he breathes out. "It's fine, Cas. They can handle a couple of ghouls."
The single cab is a bench seat that technically seats three, but Dean still feels a little claustrophobic when Cas climbs in beside him. He has to stash his wings, which really sucks for Dean because he'd gotten used to the warmth, and his teeth are already starting to chatter when he tells Cas to start up the engine. The vents blast cold air at him until he wrestles with the knob to turn it off.
Castiel searches those eyes for something, anything — and comes up empty. "Perhaps," Castiel says. There's only two ways out of this situation, and Dean can still pull that blade out of the wall fast enough that it poses a problem. "I could do without the scent of urine and obscene amounts of glitter."
Dean's nostrils flare and Sam catches the pink flush on his cheeks before pushes off the chair and turns away.
Sam hesitates. This is the Bela he knew, always with an ace up her sleeve to save her ass. "Then you better start talking."
that, but," he exhales, hard, and feels Cas lean into him. "We just keep trying, 'til we get it right."
Sam's so lost in the intro he doesn't notice the lead violinist is actually in the crowd until he starts playing, bow slinging out notes that Sam can still hear Dean singing softly under his breath in the back of the Impala, right down to the attitude and pitch. He circles around Jess with a flourish, doing a kickass instrumental version of
Dean is going to kill him.
He turns back to Sam, and hands him the demon blade. It's still covered in blood. "He left it inside of her," Castiel explains, when Sam just stares at him.
"How about latex and a leather harness?"
"Was wonderin' when you'd show up," Dean says as he sits up. He pulls the knife out gingerly, wincing, and tosses it aside. He shakes his head as if to clear it; Sam tries to sit up, but Dean simply raises a hand and Sam slams back down with a curse. "Can't ever leave well-enough alone."
Castiel sees the bravado for what is is and doesn't offer an apology. "Your mind and your body are exhausted. They need to rest."
"Sam, what the hell is going on?"
of you," Sam reiterates, glancing at Castiel and Krissy in turn. "Unless something jumps me, keep your asses in your seats." He opens the door, then looks back and holds out a hand to Krissy. "Can I have my gun back?"
"Dean's soul isn't in Heaven," Cas interrupts.
If he gives Crowley what he wants, maybe Crowley will have the power to kill him so he doesn't have to live with it.
are, and what you want."
The boy slings an arm around her shoulders. "I almost took his head off, thought he was a vamp." He redirects to Dean. "Sorry, man. Hell, if we'd known you'd — we didn't mean to crash the party."
Dean doesn't even have the decency to look guilty. "Yeah, I know. It's gone." He tilts his head back along the arm of the couch to look up at Cas. "Pecan, if they got it."
Sam gives it a day before going to find his brother. He's surprised to find the door to Dean's room wide open, soft orange light from his lamp filtering out into the hallway. He's more surprised to find Dean sitting on his bed, cross-legged in a t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants right beside Cas. The angel's wearing similar attire, a
Sam grimaces and throws another pitcher of water on her just to hear her scream. It doesn't make him feel any better. "Fine. You asked for it." He stops Cas as he moves forward with a gentle hand on his elbow. "Careful, all right? There's still a girl trapped in there, somewhere."
"Would I live long enough to cut that check?" Dean says and Christ, is Castiel that easy to read? It looks like he's going to say something else, and Castiel just waits for the
He's never been afraid of the dark, despite knowing what lurks in the shadows. He grew up in it, learned to tie his shoes and load a shotgun in it. He knows what lurks in the darkness, has grown into a man learning how to kill it; learned how to move in it, to dress and pack a bag and drive in it, to strip and rebuild his handgun without the aid of the light; to tell the difference between a smile or a scowl by the tone of a voice, how it was easy to hide his own flaws; the dark was
That should be the end of it, but it isn't, because Fate's got a twisted sense of humor and from some dark corner of the room, Castiel hears a faint scrape of fabric-on-concrete. Dean's index finger, tracing lightly over his jugular, pauses. Castiel opens his eyes and Dean's head tilts, distracted. There is only way this situation can get worse; Dean only has laser-focus like that for one thing:
"I'd come back," Cas answers quickly. "In the morning. I don't want to make you uncomfortable."
Dean snorts and shrugs, tipping the bottle back against his lips. "He's Cas."
The sound Cas makes when he comes probably wakes up the old couple from Michigan next door and Dean can't even bring himself to care, because he's pretty sure he's never going to be able to fuck anyone else ever again. That sound has ruined him, totally and completely, and he would gladly sign up for another forty years in the pit just to hear it again.
Cas' grip is too loose to do anything but torture and Dean's about five seconds from begging when Cas trails his mouth back up, catching his mouth again. Dean pulls him down, hand tangling in his hair until Cas catches that, too, and holds it down above his head. Dean's other hand is trapped between Cas and the bed so Dean's basically screwed, and totally okay with it.
Dean had done the same for him. Sam knows he'd do it again and, honestly, Sam's okay with that.
And leave it to the socially retarded one to put it into words. "
His brother and their broken angel aren't in sight when he re-emerges, but Dean isn't really looking for them. He finds what's left of the angels in the garage; five remain, the rest still out looking for vessels or given up. Hannah still has her original suit, but she's missing an eye and looks worse for the wear. She raises the sword in her hands as he approaches, but doesn't move.
"Oh my god," Dean says, and that's it, he's leaving Sam here to hitch a goddamn ride.
Whatever Dean wants could fill an entire penthouse forum, though they're both a decade or two past having the stamina for that kind of rodeo. But Dean's not so far gone that he's forgotten the reason they're even in this situation, and he maps out a game plan in record time to try and accomplish that, because heat-of-the-moment promises or not, Cas might ultimately decide to take it back and Dean'll never get to have this again.
kill you."
It's one of those things he's rarely had to use, but growing up hunting he learned quick that often, he didn't have time to get his keys out of his jacket pocket some monster just shredded off his shoulders. Occasionally, he made the long walk from the motel to the bar, too hungover to remember to bring the keys to pick the car up. Sometimes, the cops caught up and he had to climb out the bathroom window mid-shower without his pants, much less his car keys.
the words in the notes, as if the violin has grown a mouth of its own.
. Trying to herd those sad sacks of grace is about as interesting as watching paint dry."
, but his garrison had gotten to Dean in time, Castiel had been able to coax what little remained of his humanity back from the abyss. Even after Hell, Dean never stopped sacrificing, and the world just kept taking until he had nothing left to give.
rich coming from a brobanger LOL
"Shhh," Dean mumbles against his skin, cutting his teeth against the sharp jut of Cas' hip. It's hard to look up with the showers running, but he tries anyway. Cas raises his wings and circles them around his head like a halo, feathers acting like a giant umbrella against the water. Dean can't really see his expression in the shadow of his wings, but knows Cas can see him just fine. "Unless you want me to stop, I really need you to shut up."
"Him and Ash hashed it out. It's not like it's the first time we've had to go out with only a day to get our shit together."
His mouth is parted, outlined in that filthy spit-slick shine, and Dean focuses on that, too strung out on want and need to form a coherent fucking sentence, settles for canting his hips against a non-stop babble of
Dean's mouth works silently for a moment before he gives up. Sam coughs quietly into his fist to remind them they're not, in fact, alone. Dean shoots Sam the kind of look he reserves for tofu. It might be more effective if he weren't the approximate color of a tomato.
Sam's eyes on him, the loaded question forming in his mouth as Dean carefully sets down the plate and steps around the table. Cas doesn't put down the measuring cup full of batter as Dean steps into his space, doesn't so much as blink.
Dean gives her a proper once-over; not his first choice, but yeah, she'll do.
, Dean reminds himself — underneath. They really do need to take him shopping for clothes of his own, or at least order some shit online. It's not that Dean minds him borrowing clothes (Dean's a little taller and Cas is
"Safety first, hotshot. And I've had a lot of practice," Dean says, stepping back. "I shouldn't. Two hands give you better control and better aim, but sometimes you need one hand to hold a knife, so." He shrugs. "Center of the target. Empty the clip, and your grouping will tell us what we need to work on."
." The hair-band rock is still blasting as Sam flattens himself along the front seat, gun already in hand. People on the sidewalk and cars in the street roll by, apparently oblivious to the fact that someone just opened fire on a busy city block.
He expects Dean will be able to hear him when he calls, and goes quickly. But Castiel is wrong; Dean cannot perceive him any more, cannot make sense of his voice. He tries again, waits until Dean is alone but it only seems to hurt him, and that is the last thing Castiel intends.
There's an emptiness, there, beneath the memories, deep and cold. It doesn't hurt, doesn't feel like anything — just empty space, where something used to be, and Dean is giving himself a headache trying to remember.
Dean starts, but only just; if she hadn't been watching him so closely she could have easily missed how his shoulders tense, how he blinks and shifts his gaze back towards the television. "Hi."
"Do you want me to — " Jody begins.
It was fascinating, to watch Dean Winchester grow into a man, destined to be the Vessel that brings about the End. From the first screams of infancy to the final screams ripped out of him by the hound, Castiel has watched, a silent bystander, though not as impartial as mandated. Castiel occasionally herded the nightmares away when Dean was fitful in his sleep, healed the liver deteriorated by alcohol, moved Dean that vital centimeter to the left to prevent the occasional scar. He was, after all, Michael's sword — Dean's suffering would be rewarded, but Castiel saw no reason not to ease it along the way. It was not forbidden so long as he did not interfere with God's plan.
"We're stopping by my place. Figured we should eat before getting absolutely wasted, and give me some time to dress you in something appropriate." He scrolls through his phone and types out a message before locking it, slipping it away into a pocket. "So, cowboy, you gonna tell me how you got 'em, or do I have to guess?"
"Great," Sam says. "It's good you're keeping busy, y'know, until you're — "
Dean takes the robe off the edge of the dresser and wraps himself in it before stepping out into the dim hall and takes the shortest route through the bunker to the showers. He finds his way in the dark and turns the heat all the way up. He stands under the scalding water until his skin starts to prune, raking at his skin with his fingernails.
important, and if there is any person in existence that I would want to... be intimate with," and that hesitation is just as strange as this conversation; Dean shifts in his seat, unwilling to hazard a guess on if it's out of discomfort at the topic or the cold hard honesty in Cas' eyes. "Exploring that sort of intimacy," he goes on, and Dean regrets ever using that damn word, "is something I would only want to experience with you."
"I can get you more whip cream if you prefer," Cas says, squinting, "but you'll have to — "
Keung narrows his eyes at the gun, then glances at Bela. "Leash your pet, Talbot."
It's so absurd and so
"Yeah, well, Cain didn't have an angel holding the reigns," Sam points out. "Pretty sure Cas can beat you to the draw."
She pads down to the kitchen and fishes a beer out of the fridge, hoping it'll be enough to lull her back to sleep. She catches a faint murmur of laughter and white light coming from down the hall, and on a second thought, she grabs another beer.
"Cas," Sam says, and Castiel blinks and his vision clears. "It's all right. Go. I'll call you when it starts working."
, man. I think I figured it out before you idiots did." He shakes his head, still not quite believing he's even having this conversation and god, when they fix Dean and he finds out — Sam glances at his phone, and sits up straight. "Shit!"
The angel doesn't make a grand entrance, no thunderclaps or flash or light or exploding bulbs, simply appears in the bedroom with a rattle of bony wings.
"Jody — "
"You sit here lecture me on what's important," Gabriel mutters, rolling his eyes. "You think your brother's just going to bounce back to whatever he had passing for normal after the ride he's had? That the past couple of weeks'll roll right off? Please. When has it ever been
"Won't know until we try," she says. She's watching Sam too, now, rummaging around in the trunk. "We got about two minutes to make a decision."
He knows he's stalling, but the heat feels
Sam looks at Castiel and Castiel sighs. He is suffering the slow death of a dying grace; there's no way to gauge how much time he has left in any literal sense. He can only feel himself grow weaker and more exhausted, which would be a frankly terrifying experience if he had not spent time as a mortal. It feels similar to dying from starvation; his movements are slow and heavy, his vision blurs and his eyes sting, his head aches with a consistent, heavy pounding. Eventually, he knows, he will simply extinguish, a fire without any fuel left to burn.
Sam jumps when the door to the kitchen swings open and Jody piles in, three paper bags hanging from her arms and one clutched tightly against her chest. "Oh hey, you're back," she smiles, bright and toothy, and Sam feels the air rush back into the room. "I hope you boys worked up an appetite, 'cause I got enough Knoephla to feed a small army. Who wants Juneberry pie?"
"Is it that easy for you?" Sam shouts right back. "After everything he's done — everything he's given up for me, for you, fuck, you can just — "
"You're wrong, you know," he says, and sees Castiel slant him a glance in his peripheral vision. "About Dean."
"I'm fine." Sam isn't buying it; Cas catches his look and sighs. "I'm tired, but fine."
kicking around the back of his skull. "But Crowley knows where it is, and he's got the kind of juice to bust Dean out if he really wants to.
"Fuck," Dean grunts wetly in the space between them. "Okay,
" Ash yells from the darkness.
"I'll see what I can do." Gabriel raises his hands over his head and stretches, cracking a couple of bones along his back. "Worst case scenario, it'll be just like the old days, you two idiots against the world. What could possibly go wrong?"
. : .
"You do that," Crowley says, and smiles like he's gotten his way. "In the meantime, there's a few things I can show you."
The tornado begins to grow and take shape, filling the square head and long canines, stretching high off the back to form even longer, twisted horns. The body elongates, clawed talons in the front, hooves in the rear, and braiding together at the end to form a long, fanged tail. Twin clouds bloom and flourish along its back, forming bat-like wings.
"Why would..." Cas doesn't finish as realization no doubt dawns. Sam glances back at him; the angel looks ill.
rumors held any truth.
Another gust of wind makes the edges of his wings flutter. "You'll wanna keep it in four wheel drive for the trip back." Cas tilts his head, quizzical, and Dean sighs. "All right, c'mon."
"You did what you had to," Cas says, tone all reasonable and shit, like Dean cares about how it made him feel. "Just like I am."
The recollection of the cold water makes Dean shiver and he can't shake the feeling he's missing something, a tangible weight just out of reach, a final piece of the puzzle that has it all makes sense. There's thousands of them, one town after another, each memory more confusing than the last.
"Sounds good," Sam says, when Dean only answers her with a yawn. "You look pretty beat, too."
, he got what he wanted. They defeated the Devil, they saved the world. He even got Cas and Bobby back. So why is he so
"Don't say I never did you any favors." The heat dissipates as quickly as it arrived; it leaves Dean lukewarm and dripping on the cold floor. "Strictly speaking, we leave the healing to the halos."
! Either put me with her or kill me, don't just leave me here hogtied for that pillock!"
"Wait," Sam says, standing up too quickly. "I've been meaning to show you something."
The radio crackles to life in his hands, soft yellow glow lighting up the display. Despite not being connected to any speakers, the dulcet tones of
. "Because either you get up here and open it, or I'm going to chain it to my truck and rip the damn thing off its hinges."
The way he says
The warmth of his touch spreads down to Dean's chest and blooms, burning the cold away. Cas' eyes flicker like the lights of a haunted house and Dean wants to scream at him, the idiot, how fucking dare he come here, wasting whatever he has left on Dean like Dean's worth it, like he
He jerks his head at Castiel he replaces the clip, cocking back the slide to load another round into the chamber. He takes it by the barrell and offers it to Castiel. "Let's see what you've got."
Dean's standing in the center of the room between the two double beds in nothing but a pair of jeans, bare feet spread shoulder-width on the thin carpet.
Dean moves so fast Sam isn't sure he
Jody sighs and rubs at her temple. "He's doing me a favor," she repeats tiredly. "This isn't exactly protocol. Normally they'd report it to the local authorities and they'd take it from there. If he gets caught he could lose his job."
"Okay," Sam says. "And uh," he jerks his head towards the bathroom, where the shower's still running, "get her something too."
"Is this the part where you explain to me what I'm doing here?" he asks, killing any hope of a compliment.
Cas looks thoughtful and maybe, just maybe, Dean got through that biblically thick skull and they can set about breakfast, because there's hints of a wendigo up in Maine and it's a long, long drive from Lebanon. "Okay," Cas says, and Dean could kiss him he's so fucking relieved, except that would be seriously counterproductive. "I think I understand. But why must you choose a side? Why not stay in the middle?"
" Bela sing-songs, and tops it off with a hideously off-key, "
He stays still while Dean strokes him and it doesn't take much before his dick starts to fill in Dean's hand, hot wet velvet in his grip. Dean mouths his way down Cas' neck to his shoulder, tuned in to every sharp intake of breath, every shiver that rolls through him. Dean's keeping his movements loose and lazy on purpose, just letting it build up slow, and runs another fingers down the length of one wing, grinning when it twitches.
He's just starting to jimmy open the trunk when he feels it. The room
"Well, I could drum something up if you're into knifeplay," Crowley says, offering him a cigar. Dean takes it, and bends to accept the light. "Though you seem more the type to enjoy giving rather than receiving."
, Sam," Bela complains.
Dating an angel is fucking weird.
," she gasps as Cas releases her, leaning as far away from him as he can. "Aren't you assholes supposed to be forgiving?"
"Tell you what," Dean says, slowing down and angling the car towards the shoulder, "
He's distracted by another scent on the air, hiding beneath the smell of the storm. Thick and
Dean is distantly aware of other people around; there's someone at the sink digging for a spatula and two kids raiding the fridge and more people coming in behind him, lured by the smell of cooking batter. He can
Ezekiel doesn't ask permission. Maybe Cas was a friend of his. Or maybe the angel can see it written all over Dean's face, all over his goddamn soul, how important this asshole is.
They haven't been here ten minutes, and Castiel has already misplaced his brother.
"It's a cult classic!" Jody shouts from the floor.
"Holy shit, Jimmy wasn't kiddin'," the demon says, flexing his shoulders against the bonds. Testing them, Sam knows. "Life as an angel condom really is like being chained to a meteor. Gadreel ever take you on that ride, or did he keep you locked up in the Matrix the entire time?"
"'Cause I win?"
He brings his hands up to his mouth in a loose fist, warming them with his breath. "Most of this junk is just that, all right? But Bobby had a few gems stashed around." Dean heads towards the back row, shielded on one side by stacked cars and by a twenty-foot, corrugated metal wall on the other. There's barely room to walk back here, and he nearly clips himself on the side mirror of a pickup as he squeezes past. He doesn't have to look back to know Cas is following, the
since he last took her out.
Dean hasn't bothered to turn on a light, so the flash of hips and stomach are cast in dark shadow by the retreating sunlight coming in the open window before his t-shirt falls back down. His hair is a rumpled, now, and Dean does think about it — just for a split second — of what it would feel like to run his hands through it, before he sets back to digging the toothpaste out. How it always ends up on the bottom of the fucking bag, he has no idea.
He doesn't have enough salt between both cars to circle the building, and the storm Dean seems to be generating won't let him lay one inside. What he really needs is a distraction, something to keep Dean occupied while he gets close, and then a round of holy water and some quick work with the cuffs would take care of the rest.
He asks because he can't believe it. Maybe if Cas puts it into words, then it will make sense. Maybe then Dean will
Gabriel's laughing so hard he's wiping his eyes and Castiel wanders to the green room, helping himself to a glass of wine. He idly swipes through his iPhone, and makes the mistake of searching out the #MSG hashtag . He scrolls through tweet after tweet of dark, blurry photos of the twenty-thousand people waiting in line outside. Most of them are dressed in black and leather jackets with wild hair, and some women braving the cold in less, shivering and huddling together like penguins, rotating who's on the outside to keep out the cold. The tweets are littered with more hashtags like #RockOnNYC, #KoH, #SPN, #HailLadyheart, #TheNewGTOs. There's a few with the tagline #AudiNos, and Castiel wonders why that phrase looks so familiar.
At this point, Dean isn't really surprised. He is surprised how much it hurts, though.
while they're freezing their nuts off. Then again, Cas' nuts are probably just as toasty as the rest of him, and now Dean's thinking about Cas' junk and wants to smack himself in the face. "But... seriously, you don't have to worry about it."
going to kill me, right? I mean, that's what you do, isn't it? You got what you needed. You send me back, Crowley'll just pull me right back out. I've told you everything I — "
"Well, yeah, I got that — "
"What? She can't — "
It doesn't make any difference. He'll go through each and everyone one of them. He's got nothing but time.
," and now Cas is just being rude, "you care about me."
. He's never pleaded for anything in his life, not even when Sam died. But he's doing it now, hoping to God or whoever the fuck might be listening that somewhere in there, his Cas can hear him.
"Has she stopped?"
Cas makes a noise of impatience as Dean continues to explore, relishes the feel of stubble against his lips —
," Dean supplies when nothing happens. Sam does back up when Dean reaches for him, but he only goes for his pocket, fingers closing around the keys he knows are there. He smiles and lets his eyes glaze over. "Looks like you can't exorcise a demon wearing his own skin."
"What?" Sam stands with him, and if he has to grab onto the angel and hitch a ride to wherever, he will. "Why? What is it?"
Dean yawns hugely over his empty mug before standing up. "Well, it's been a helluva long day, and those fancy hotel beds ain't got nothin' on my memory foam." Dean pauses at the threshold, hand cupping the doorframe. "Hey," he calls, until Cas looks up. "You comin'?"
making his skin tingle and leaving him light-headed.
"And do you know where Crowley is..." Cas trails off on a sneer, and Bela jerks as he twists the blade behind her, "directing him?"
Dean takes a breath. His heart is beating too rapidly, pounding in his ears and giving him a headache.
The silvery light of its soul twist as the darkness claims it, pulls it down into a pool of fire and ash. He feels, momentarily, a little better. Lighter. The mark on his arm warms, and the energy at his fingertips diffuses. He raises his face to the sky as it starts to rain in earnest. It's not as warm as the blood, but the lightning is so bright it sets the sky on fire.
And there it is, immediately, the doubt; Sam stops halfway to him, that muscle in his jaw flexing as he realizes something is wrong, that Dean can't actually be here. Dean has about two seconds before Sam'll have a knife on him. "How?"
He lets his eyes shift, looks at himself in the mirror across from the bed. His face is the same, but it flickers like a black flame, twisted and laughing — or screaming, or maybe both, it's hard to tell. The mark of Cain is dark against his skin, raised and angry. "Do I?"
The water is hot and wonderful and Dean's kind of thankful they're physically past any possibility of having a third round. Dean maintains that shower sex is too complicated to bother with, however tempting it might be, and it's pretty damn tempting with Cas in here with him, water beading in the sparse hair on his chest and getting caught in his eyelashes.
"Gladly." She picks out a shirt seemingly at random and hands it over. "I had to guess your size." She looks him over as he pulls it on and nods. "Close enough. You look human again, anyway."
Castiel has his complete and undivided attention, just like the monsters Dean used to hunt, and it's absolutely terrifying.
after all.
Sam makes the appropriate face of disgust, but Castiel can't be bothered. The building reeks of sulfur, and while that may not be obvious to the police with the fire, Castiel can feel the lingering heat of brimstone beneath it.
"Don't order off the menu," Gabriel stage-whispers in his ear. Then his eyes light up. "Think they can round us up a masseuse?"
It'd be easier to take a cab — even close to midnight on a Wednesday the streets are choked with traffic — but Dean doesn't get to drive her often enough and will take whatever chance he can get. He feels the tension bleed out of his shoulders a little as the rumble of the V8 runs through him, purring over the Bob Seger playing softly on the cassette player. Hell, it's been
"You just don't get it, do you?" She rolls her eyes. "He was
"No, Abraham, the
He certainly doesn't.
"I wasn't sure," Cas starts, and Dean looks up when he doesn't finish. Cas blushes, which is new and kind of exciting all on its own, really. "That maybe you wouldn't want to. Because I'm — "
"No," Sam snaps, undeservedly harsh, but he's too pissed off to feel guilty about it. He's sore from head to toe, covered in black innards, smells like Hell-stained
you."
A hand snakes its way around his waist, fingers smoothing over his hip, a warm palm coming to rest against his stomach. Dean leans back, wants to stay awake and enjoy it while he can. But his eyelids are heavy, and the warmth draped around him heavier still, wet lips dragging a damp trail up his spine. A nose nuzzles in the short hair at the back of his head, and Dean stops fighting as the hot breath against his neck drags him under like a riptide.
"You — "
Jody studies her empty glass and Sam waits, because there's not much else they can do at the moment other than hope Dean goes back for the Impala, or the war table starts lighting up with demon signs. He's overdue for a nap and with Jody here, now, he's thinking about trying to squeeze in a few hours. He's not sure when he'll get another chance.
"She might have survived," Castiel admits. "I was able to to slow the blood loss. I don't know if it helped."
"Jesus, Mary
having this conversation, whether Dean wants to or not. "My body has already made its desire for sexual intercourse apparent. Why do humans require more encouragement? I'm frankly shocked that you're all not perpetually copulating."
Dean smiles again, and it's a little more like the smiles he used to give Castiel before. "I have one condition."
Dean tries to contemplate that and quickly gives up. That might satisfy the mark, but the idea of never cruising a highway with the radio cranked up, never hearing the rustle of wings and thinking
...unless Cas isn't even going to try and capture him.
used to be like? He can't figure out why anyone would wish that on him, especially people that claimed to care about him. "I'm telling you, man, I feel great. I'm
And that does get a laugh from Dean, even if it's following the most awkward fifteen hour drive he's ever had to endure. Sam hasn't let the whole sex thing go since Cas explained (Dean tried to stop it, failed, and then left the room to pack because if Cas didn't tell Sam then, Sam would have pulled it out of him while Dean was napping in the backseat anyway). Sam's been dropping innuendos like they're going out of style, and if he so much as thinks
Sam spots the Impala parked around the other side. As he circles around he can see the bullet holes and dust, and a broken headlight on the driver's side. There's black paint transfer along the serrated chrome of her front bumper, and the keys are still in the ignition. Past the car, there's a dark, open doorway.
"Something like that," Jody says, and pulls out the chair. "Pick your poison."
"Pancakes for dinner?"
"Angry about what?" The look Cas gives him makes Dean glare, like Cas is making a lick of goddamn sense, here.
Dean moves the rest of the way, allows Cas to align his fingers with the faded brand there. His hand fits over it perfectly, like a key slotting into the proper lock. Cas stares at it and for a terrible moment Dean thinks that's it, they've barely hit second base and they're done, but Cas just brushes the pad of his thumb over the mark beneath it.
Dean doesn't want an argument; the important thing is that Cas is here, and doesn't appear to be going anywhere. For now, at least. Dean'll take what he can get.
, because he's a goddamn adult and his little sister will just have to get over it.
"Yeah, okay, that, uh. Makes sense, I guess." Sam wants to hit himself in the face. "Are you — um, hungry?"
makes him unpredictable. Dean's a loose missile without guidance, and it's only a matter of time before his radar locks onto something.
"That's your cue to go," Dean reminds him.
"Do you mind like, not pointing that at me?" Sam asks.
Dean waits, grin growing with every breath the world takes around them, until Castiel can't stand it and closes his eyes in defeat. His arm goes lax in Dean's grip, and only then does Dean let his hand fall. Castiel feels him move closer, flinches when he feels hot breath by his ear, words curling toxic between them. "Hester was right." Dean's hand moves up his chest, palm sliding flat against Castiel's collarbone, fingers curling loosely around his throat. The seductive touch makes Castiel's skin crawl. "The first time you laid a hand on me in Hell, you were fucked."
"Assuming Knights don't drag more than half an hour past," Garth agrees.
"You've done it before?"
Maybe he's going about this the wrong way.
back in its case, like it had never left, and gently closes the lid.
decide for myself how I want to be — when the fuck have I ever done
Dean's got both arms folded behind his head and is still lying on top of the comforter. The sad documentary turned into a fucking awful one about some dolphin slaughter in Japan, but Cas left the remote on the table and he can't really be bothered to move. "I'm surprised they even show this on local TV," he admits.
Sam does have to admit the guy can play a fucking violin, though — the sound of the vocals meld seamlessly into the guitar solo, and it's so spot-on it gives Sam goosebumps, drags him back to the days of living out of shitty motel rooms from one gig to the next, making barely enough money to keep the cars gassed up to reach their next destination.
This is the problem with cops, always asking direct questions nobody wants to answer.
Sam rolls his eyes. "Yeah, like he doesn't play the exact same guy in every movie he — "
Dean crawls over him, his own cock in hand, settling between his spread legs and catches his mouth in a quick kiss. That was the plan, anyway, but then it goes from chaste to heavy in a split second and Cas hums as the knuckles of their hands knock together. The hum turns into a unhappy groan when Dean pulls away again, and Cas pushes himself up to try and follow him.
"We'll never get a better time than this," Dean says, lets his eyes slide dark as a reminder. Curls his hand around Cas' waist, pulls him closer. "Tell me you never wanted this. Tell me you haven't been holding off because you were too much of a fucking coward to take it." He leans back in and Cas turns his head, letting Dean catch the corner of his mouth. "You can have me now, Thursday. You can have me any way you want." He coaxes Cas back with his mouth, lips moving against lips. "You don't have to worry about hurting me, now. Not like this."
"Remind me in the future," Jody whispers to Castiel, "cheesecake's not on the menu."
The rest of the band go up ahead, but Charlie lingers by his side, and grins when he raises an eyebrow at her.
"Honestly, I'm too exhausted," Sam says, leaning back. "And between Dean not being himself and Cas liable to drop out at any moment, I could use the help."
A young girl without a face is standing in a white void. Her midsection is red and exposed, bleeding bright red from her wounds, staining her shirt and jeans. In her right fist, she holds the First Blade.
"You're telling me. If either of them breaks out — "
," Sam pursues. He looks worried at Dean's composure, but presses on: "
He waits for her cries to die down before speaking again. "I don't want to talk about Dean. I want to talk about Crowley. You don't owe him anything, so why do this to yourself?"
Cas squints at him. "We already had this conversation."
"I'm saying it's a possibility." Castiel pauses to frown. "It may not even be possible to kill him, if that's true."
"I know, I know." Dean kisses the shell of his ear, twists his hand over the head of Cas' cock and relishes the cut-off moan that pulls out of him, "Come on, baby, that's it, you got it," and Cas' head drops as he does it again, "come for me."
When Jody returns, Sam is so happy he could kiss her. "Angel's on guard duty," she reports. "It's been about an hour. Good for another go?"
"I got thirsty."
"It sounds so simple when you say it like that," Cas tells him. "But where were you when I needed to hear it?"
the first time. How can you think that Mario and Luigi here will be enough?"
"Nursing a hangover, last I saw," Charlie supplies. "I'll get some coffee into him," she says, pushing off the bed and wrinkling her nose, "and you — know that I say this with all the love in the world —
"Just once I'd like you to bring me something simple," Keung mutters as he paces around the table. He's holding a hand over the box, about a foot above the lid. Dean is involuntarily impressed, because that has to fucking sting. Keung glances up at Bela, standing opposite with her arms crossed. "Where in God's name did you even find this?"
" — long story," she finishes with him, and sips at her drink. "Seems you got a lot of those."
"What?" The girl —
Dean finishes pulling the bullet out of the radiator and rolls to his feet, tossing the slug into the toolbox. "Not right now, maybe. I just mean you can, you know. When you want."
She shrugs, leaning back in her seat. "Then, now, tomorrow, it doesn't matter. He was
xiii.
. He hears Dean's muffled voice, and then, at full volume, "No, I'm
. It's the first time since he can remember — the first time since Cas came into his life in a blast of white light — that there's no overarching threat of Heaven and Hell. The archangels are gone, Crowley's dead, Hell's in chaos, and Heaven... well, who gives a fuck.
"It's possible," Castiel admits.
, c'mon — but he will if he has to.
He thinks about the blood and the dirt and Benny. He can still feel the residual heat from being Hell-adjacent causing a perpetual sweat. He thinks about slicing his way through dozens of monsters with one goal in mind —
, I would much prefer this to be
A warm hand catches his shoulder before he moves, smoothing down the fabric of his t-shirt and reassuring him which way is up. He squints into the dark, trying to get his eyes to adjust. "Cas?"
Cas stops scrambling and meets his eyes, and that's when Dean knows that there's no hope. He tries, anyway.
"Someone close to him will be more effective." Gabriel sighs, and Sam relaxes a fraction. "What about that adopted martial figure you've got baby-sitting your teenage hellspawn?"
Crowley pauses, and Dean sees something there, a flicker of a smirk, before its schooled away. " — and they never got a chance for a second round, thanks to you and Moose. All that fun you're having upstairs? If Ali and Frazier get loose again, you can kiss it all goodbye. There won't be anything left — nothing to corrupt, nothing to shag, and certainly nothing left to
He picks a club at random and looks for relief in the mass of bodies, merges with the undulating bodies on the dance floor, and immerses himself in the sea of souls. Some shitty DJ remix of a pop song pulses through the room like a heartbeat, and bodies writhe in time with the beat. He lets himself drift, directionless but not without purpose. He feels like a fucking mosquito in a nudist colony; instinctively, he knows what to do, he just doesn't know where to
Instead, the angel is dusting snow off the big, square F-150 blocking the car in. He looks up when Dean stops talking, and ignores his glare. "I like this one."
. Fuck, all right."
The angel has the gall to sneer at him. "As if you
At least, Sam hopes not.
Jody leans down low, close enough that Castiel steps forward to hold her back, but Sam shakes his head. "How did it make you feel, Dean?"
nearby?"
Air rushes over the inside of his lungs, flooding his stagnant system with oxygen. Without a beating heart, there's nowhere for the oxygen to go — and, as if on cue, the muscle in his chest contracts. It's broken, but it splutters to life anyway, painful with each beat as it works itself back into sinus rhythm. Like a row of dominos, bodily functions start up one after another, overwhelming and relieving all at once.
The resulting gust of wind has Sam throwing up his arms to shield his eyes, and shelving he's hiding behind groans, creaks, and slowly starts to tip.
"Depends on what you need."
"I just want to know you're onboard." When Dean just glares at him, Crowley rolls his eyes. "Big picture, Dean. Michael and Lucifer aren't just my problem, they just happen to be locked up in my basement. When they get out, the whole city burns down. I want to make sure you're prepared to do what you have to."
The room is stone cold and Dean shivers, teeth chattering, bare arm chafing uncomfortably against the stone wall.
Sam's about to open the door when the radio gurgles. He pauses, fingers tightening on the handle. The lights on the dash flicker on, needles on the fuel gauge, odometer and RPM dial jumping, and the radio hisses on again, the drone the guitar eerily familiar, and Sam feels his blood run cold.
Cas relaxes against him, giving in to the inevitable, hands smoothing along his arms. "So now what?"
Castiel raises his other hand and a lonely candle blinks to life, casting the long room in low orange light and deep shadows. It's freezing in here, except for the connection at his shoulder, burning bright-hot despite Cas' failing grace. Dean wishes it felt like it had before, to close his eyes to the light and slip into a deep sleep enveloped by wings, to never wake up again.
Dean staggers under the force of it, but manages to keep his balance. His hands are resting against his thighs, the blade still clasped in his right fist. His face looks as if he ripped into still-breathing prey; half his face is bathed in blood, draining down his chin and neck. Castiel is amazed his jaw is still attached to his skull well enough to be smiling.
Castiel doesn't ask why Michael does not simply take him; he can get consent later, but it would be simpler for them both if Dean accepts him now. He would not have to be awake to remember Hell, would not have to reconcile this horror while trying to reclaim his humanity.
Dean pauses in pulling a fresh shirt out of the dresser, staring at the clump in his hands. He puts it down and leans his head back, sighing. "Don't be. You didn't do that to her." He sheds the clothes he's wearing and starts pulling on a fresh set, keeping his back to Castiel. "Do you know where they took her?"
The other is not ideal. The other is merely an interim solution, half a lineage strong. He will not allow Michael to be at his full potential, and it puts the plan at risk.
"Body," Dean corrects automatically, because Jimmy checked out years ago and Cas is human, now, and he needs to get used to it. "And no, that's not — Jesus fucking Christ, Cas."
one he understands.
you give himself up to save you."
"You got him," Krissy says, and jabs a finger at Cas. "Angel trumps demon, right?" She looks at Castiel. "You're with me, right? We find him, you smite him, then we all go out for ice cream."
Jody's fists tremble, the syringe needle vibrating in her grip as Sam pulls her out of range. "I'm fine," she bites, but Sam carefully removes the syringe from her hand, regardless. "It's been
"You know what? Those bodies have gotta be buried in the house somewhere."
and Jess is wearing a little red dress that Sam's really looking forward to removing later. "It's alright, I'll — "
Bela purses her lips but mercifully leaves without another word, and when Crowley turns back to Dean, he's sizing Crowley up like he's a meal. "You've got her well-trained."
"You two don't have to go around fighting off everyone's worst nightmares and savin' the damn world, but you do anyway," she says shortly, but she's smiling as she cleans up their plates. "Maybe I wanna do more than just the least, and you should shut up and let me."
"I warned you it was a bit of a shock, didn't I?"
Sam blinks, and he must sense something is off, but Gabriel suffers no such delusion. He stares at Castiel like he's never seen him before. "Castiel, what have you
Sam blinks. Shit, he doesn't even know. "Um," he ventures. His stomach, awoken by the mention of food, growls deeply in answer for him.
; it's move or drown.
" — gravity well from a nearby star gone supernova that collapsed upon its own weight, and is currently devouring this unfortunate star system?" Death raises an eyebrow. "It makes one wonder if you're simply attracted to catastrophe, or if it's attracted to you."
"Christo," Jody says, and sighs in relief when the thing flinches violently in its seat.
her, and he's seen how Castiel makes people talk. The memories make him cringe, and Sam doesn't cringe easy.
for it.
Dean's uncharacteristically quiet during the drive. He doesn't reach for the radio and Sam enjoys the silence for a while, stealing the occasional glance at his brother; Dean spends most of the trip with his elbow propped against the windowsill, chin in hand, staring vacantly at the blurry landscape.
He smiles, slow and sweet, and shrugs off the hands trying to reclaim him. He slides his hands around Cas' waist and reels him in, and Cas comes easy. Dean leans in close, lets his forehead rest against Cas'. "There's my angel."
The sound is piercing. Beside him, Sam winces, hands coming up to cover his ears. Dean lets out an inhuman snarl and is engulfed by a shadow of black wings, ends curling like smoke. Gabriel swings down again and again, tendrils of grace swirling around him, building until an explosion of white light that knocks Dean off his feet.
"Well," Crowley smirks around his cigar, "touché. Though, wings or not, all's not well upstairs. The pearly gates are still closed for business, but word on the wire is they've found themselves a backdoor to the penthouse."
. How are we even related?"
"If he remembers Crowley, he remembers everything else," Cas points out. "Demons have no capacity for empathy, Sam. He'll remember every slight, every time you — or I — turned our backs on him, and even if he remembers forgiving us, he won't remember
Bela collapses behind him, chest heaving against the black hood. When Dean yanks his shirt back down, he hears her sigh.
There's a distant ache on a limb, but it's dull. The nerves are sluggish. There's not enough energy in this body to get the message there and back again with any clarity.
"Weirdo," Dean says over his coffee, sliding into the seat across from him with a smirk. Sam's gonna get whiplash if Dean keeps this up, but doesn't miss that Dean didn't answer his question. "What're you on?"
"Sonofabitch," Dean mutters, and Cas' hands are on him, all over him, and he arches into it because he can't even remember a time before he wanted this. Cas' hands are huge, one holding his right wrist to the wall, the other slipping down his chest, his side, the soft skin above his hip. He doesn't stop there, hand sliding around his back, palm flat and white-hot against the small of his back, dragging slowly back up his spine, riding his shirt up around his chest. Dean grabs at him with his free hand, catches a belt loop and pulls him in, hip to hip, and lets Cas know just how on-board he is with this.
"I," Dean attempts. "What? Uh, no," he adds, quickly, because now Cas looks like a dog that just pissed on the carpet. "It's fine, Cas. I was just, uh," he shifts his weight, knocks some of the snow off his boot, "wasn't expecting it."
solo that even Ash couldn't find fault with."
"Or somebody is giving him lessons," Sam says, and pops the trunk.
Dean holds his ground, and lashes out.
Sam glances back at the gold Continental, wondering where the fuck Cas is, and sees the car sitting empty. "Son of a
"Don't go Jason Bourne on me now," Crowley says as he comes into focus. "You were doing so well. Look at me."
Finding parking proves impossible so he leaves Bela with the car after tugging a fresh shirt over his chest. He probably didn't need to bother, since half the city seems to be walking around half-clad in swimwear despite it being the middle of the night. A digital billboard proclaims it's 12:47 AM, 85 degrees, clear skies and high tide. It's certainly warmer here than on the water, but Dean still feels cold.
He does miss Sam something fucking awful, but Sam had been at his side since he had memories, and his abrupt departure still stung. Dean listened to the excuses (
"You could have gone with them," Castiel points out.
." It's a tight fit between the fan and the radiator, but Dean manages to get his hand through. "Hold her steady, okay? I need to work this one out."
," Castiel corrects. Too many seconds tick by for Castiel to add
Cas fixes him with a look, and maybe Dean doesn't know how to put it into words but he can will it across that Vulcan mind-meld shit well enough for Cas to understand; that for weeks he's felt like Cas is holding on too tight and simultaneously keeping Dean at arm's length, afraid to get too close, like Dean'll suddenly change his mind after all these goddamn years.
Castiel doesn't answer; Sam is fishing for information Castiel is hesitant to disclose. There had been a moment, back in the club, where Castiel was sure he was close —
"This would go faster if you'd let me interrogate her," Cas says for the fifteenth time.
like a fish out of water. The seals along the cuffs burn, the leather of his bonds smoking against his skin. Cas steps back and Dean can feel him there, just out of reach, but can't touch him.
"I did it for
She blinks and it's gone, black eyes sliding over just a second too late. Dean rolls off her, cursing.
"Gadreel and Crowley were
Gabriel's eyes dart to the stage entrance, and Castiel latches on to his elbow. "We'll manage."
you."
"No, just shut up and listen, okay?" Sam scrubs a hand over his face, pushing his hair aside. "You think I don't see it? What’s going on with you two? God, ever since you fell, you both just — it was funny, at first, but now it's — sometimes, I want to knock your heads together and lock you in a room until you figure it out." He lets out the rest of the breath in a rush. "I don't know how you
"Hey, you're the one that has a
When he last passed through Chattanooga, Kentucky, Dean was barely seventeen going on forty.
Cas says it again and for the life of him, Dean couldn't possibly repeat it because despite being basically fluent in Latin, as far as Dean's concerned Enochian may as well be Japanese. It still sounds sexy as shit, though, the syllables rumbling deep in Cas' chest beneath him. Human or not, words like that still hold power, and Dean lets it roll over him as he trails lower, scraping his teeth against the hard point of Cas' hip bone. He leaves the lube on the mattress next to them and hooks two fingers into the waistband of Cas' pants, slips his other palm up Cas' leg to the apex of his thighs, cups him gently in his palm. Cas tries to push into the touch, but Dean's got his chest right over his center of gravity and holds him down.
"Don't think they swing that way," the other points out. "Or any way, I mean. He's an
Castiel finds their target first. He has spent the better part of three decades watching this soul, seeing it burst into blinding radiance from the moment of birth, watching it grow and gather more scars than most its age. It was Michael's responsibility, but many things are, and Castiel was chosen to stand in his place, to watch over in his stead. Castiel has spent his existence watching humanity, so it seemed fitting; but Castiel had never watched a single soul develop from an idea to conception to adulthood, had never followed the second-to-second stream of growth etched by choices.
Dean deflects like a reflex, "What, you didn't just want me for my body?"
Castiel looks around the top floor conservatory. It's changed a lot since Dean first cleared it out with Castiel's help; the stone walls are free of plant life, the lightbulbs all replaced, and the sun filters in through crystal-clear windows. The kitchenette has been scrubbed clean, too, and outfitted with a mini-fridge and a microwave. The ensuite bathroom still needs some work, but the toilet flushes and the water runs hot. A large bed is the only piece of furniture on the north side, with clean soft sheets and a grey duvet.
"You're beautiful like this," Cas tells him.
He thinks that's it, because he's out of explanations that he's comfortable with and he answered the damn question, didn't he? He pushes off the table, and is nearly out of the room when Cas calls, "Are the two mutually exclusive?"
"I know what you did," Gabriel says. "So what? We're all guilty of something. And if Dean can forgive you, then fuck everybody else. Besides, those idiots put me in charge.
"What, you and Cas?" Sam yawns around his mouthful of oatmeal. "You guys were always weird, Dean."
Cas grunts, shoves his face into a pillow and inhales. His back arches and the room is filled with blinding light; Sam shields his eyes, and by the time he's blinking away the glare, the wings are gone, and Castiel is — snoring.
Castiel uses the momentum of the landing and Dean hisses into his mouth as his back connects with the nearest wall. Even now, Dean pulls him in, lured by the burning heat of grace and drunk on lust and adrenaline.
Two hours, and all Bela's done is hiss and laugh at him. Sam knows he's hesitating because he knew her, the
Dean tilts his head back and closes his eyes. He's still a little wired from the hunt and the drive, but the shower helped and he's starting to wind down. "No shit."
Fingertips explore the dips in Dean's ribs, ghost along the edge of a nipple. Dean shudders. "We don't have to."
"Shhh, Sammy, relax," Dean says, taunting. "I promise, this time you definitely won't come back. Just like you wanted."
"Look, Sam," Dean says, pulling away. "Whatever it is, it can't be good, right? So first things first — where is it?"
The hand on his hip smooths out, blooms with renewed warmth, and the stickiness disappears along with the rest of the gross. "Better?"
Dean scrambles to his feet and away from the light, shielding his eyes as he opens them, watches the glow face away. One of the beasts lies at Cas' feet, corpse a smoking cinder. Another beside Dean, angel blade buried deep in its chest.
"Complicated? No, Sam, it isn't. He killed my
The other side of the bed is cold when he wakes up.
There's an eternal deep hush, here, in the void between the realm of corporeal and the plane of the celestial. The quiet helps him focus, lets him view the world through a filter, to listen and look for things left unseen. Threads of cause leading to effect, caught in a thin envelope between worlds where time simultaneously speeds up and stands still.
. That's the word.
Dean's eyes unfocus, drifting beyond the tangible, looking a little further, before snapping back to Crowley.  "And what about you, huh? What do
"Cas, you don't have to — "
Dean leans back and closes his eyes, letting the sun soak into his skin. He doesn't notice it start to get dark, only that it's suddenly too cold, breath misting in front of his face when he opens his eyes. The lake is frozen, as vast as the horizon, and deep within the dark ice, something laughs. Dean can't get enough air and the laughter just gets louder, jeering, working deep into his chest and
Jess gives the clerk her coat and offers her arm. Sam lets her guide him into the room, blinded by the lights on the ten-foot-tall tree in the center of the room. Outside the floor-to-ceiling windows, Manhattan looks a bit like a snowglobe someone turned upside down and shook.
"You're a prisoner in that body," Dean feels is fair to point out.
"No," Dean snarls, shaking out his shirt. When he blinks away the wetness in his eyes, his prize comes into focus, still lying lengthwise in the box and half-covered in salt. "I have what I want."
"What gave you the impression," Dean says, "that you have a say in whatever the fuck I decide to do?"
"I know it's a big ask." Even whispered, the words come out too loud, bouncing back at him off the stone walls. "I know saying sorry ain't gonna cut it. And I'm not even sure if I am, but," Dean pushes off the table and glares up at the ceiling. "C'mon, man, where the fuck are you? Why are you
Krissy's number is still saved on one of Dean's old phones, and Sam sends a quick thank-you up above that Krissy hasn't ditched it yet.
"Sam?" Jody's voice is tentative, gentle, like she's approaching a wounded animal. Sam locks his jaw and feels gravity pull a little harder. "Hey, c'mon. I've seen you guys work your way outta worse than this. Just another day at the office, right?"
"Least I could do." Sam picks up a bucket he left off to the side, grabbing one of the dry sponges inside with his other hand. He tosses it to Dean; his brother twists around to catch it, reflexes still intact. "Wanna help me clean 'er up?"
"I got hungry, so sue me," Dean says.
Just north of Burr Oak, Kansas, where Hwy 128 intersects with a road with no name, a small five-room motel rests adjacent to a diner that serves as a home-away-from-home for truckers running the long route between the coasts. The four-pump gas station across the street is only manned 8am to 3pm Tuesday through Sunday, but diesel's available 24/7 if you use a credit card.
"If you're uncomfortable, I don't mind staying with Sam," Cas says, and there's no smirk or bite to it, just a statement.
"Us. Angels," Cas adds quickly, as if he doesn't count anymore. "When Joshua told you that God hasn't intervened in a long time, he was telling the truth. When they're directed at God, we hear them. Call it a — " Cas pauses, and Sam can see his head tilt slightly as he searches for the correct word, " — a filter."
Sam locks himself in the bathroom to shower and leaves them to it. He comes out ten minutes later only to get hit in the face with a massive black feather.
," Sam quips back, wearing a smirk that acts like a magnet for Dean's fist. "Your angel, your duty."
The normalcy startles a laugh out of him. He gets up and shows her the kitchen, and she whistles in disappointment at the lack of anything in the fridge. (
, Jody reminds herself — looks surprised, but Jody isn't fooled. "But you're — you're a cop!"
Dean never hits the ground, though — he vanishes before he makes impact and reappears beside Gabriel, and Castiel makes the executive decision to do as Gabriel commanded. He has to get Sam out of here before he gets caught in the crossfire.
Dean mistakes his hesitation for trepidation and rolls his eyes. "Right, I forgot, you're the kinda guy that needs a decade of foreplay first. So c'mon, Cas," and Dean leans in, breath scorching against the shell of Castiel's ear, words reverberating like an echo in the bathroom as Dean disappears. "
"He's what now?" Jody demands. "I thought he was the King of Hell?"
"That's because you seem to lack an important fundamental that made you such an effective mortal."
Maybe it thought Jody would get close enough. Maybe it didn't think she'd listen to Sam when he told her what to do. Maybe it didn't know that Jody's met their kind before, and knows better than to get within reach.
Sam pauses in starting the car. "Witch?"
"Well, it's kind of a long — "
"Here?" Death points at the beach they're standing on. "I brought you here, because you were out there," he points at the minute ball of light still rising over the horizon. "Not the best place to catch up. Of all the infinite corners of the cosmos you could've chosen, naturally you gravitate towards the nearest black hole wreaking havoc. You really do have a knack of being in the wrong places at the worst of times."
Castiel thinks. It doesn't help.
"I doubt he'd be able to resist the irony," Castiel explains, but it's possible she's unaware of Dean and his stint in Purgatory. "You should stay out here. You would stand out."
The lot's monitored by six security cameras and a guard sleeping off a long hangover in the booth, and blocked by a cheap chain-link gate. There's no room to back her out of the spot, between the SUV and the sedan behind her, but that isn't really a problem. With a glance, the Escalade slams heavily into the hatchback ahead of it, and a wave of his hand sends the towncar sliding back into the bordering fence. The screech of metal-on-metal makes the guard jerk awake, but Dean's already climbing into the driver's seat.
him you'd show."
as he enters the kitchen.
before it fades to the quiet pulse of bass as the door swings closed again.
He just can't be fucking bothered.
"You ain't foolin' anybody with the innocent act, Ms. Talbot," Jody tells her — it? Whatever, she doesn't need to be politically correct with a goddamn demon. "So shut your trap, or I'll shut it for you. 'Kay?"
Jody looks at Sam with her brows raised. "He's got a point. That's a milk run for you guys, right?"
"Right," Sam echoes, scraping his bowl with his spoon.
The angel is so absorbed by the warm water he doesn't notice he has company until Dean steps into the spray, fully clothed, and stops just short of touching him. There's a hitch in one wing, not-quite-startled, and Cas glances over his shoulder, black hair slick against his skull under the water.
Her screams go on a lot longer this time. Sam grips the edge of the table, fingernails digging into the splintered wood, and loses track of time. It's not her, not the girl he remembers, scared and begging for their help as the hounds came for her. It's not even the bitch that made their lives hell, undercutting them at every turn, that
"I never meant," Cas starts, then stops and takes a breath. He glances at Sam, looking a bit sheepish. "How long have you known?"
Gentle fingers card through his hair and down his sides, soothing, like this is fucking normal or something, like Dean hasn't survived Hell and worse and rolled right back into the hay like it's nothing. "It's okay," Cas says. "We don't have to."
He hears a long exhalation of breath from above. "I'm just trying to help."
Fucking finally. So maybe we can get Sam back now? No official comment but the consensus seems to be that Dean needs to stop fucking his bandmates.
"Actually, that's not a bad idea." Jody wheels the cart around and heads towards the right aisle. "Maybe we're going about this wrong, c'mon."
"Ain't my type, sweetie. You keep it down, now, or I'll wash that mouth out with salt."
Dean looks again, and stares. A serpentine inferno stares back. A long tail curls around them both, framed by immense wings of vermillion smoke. It's not nearly as bad as his own reflection: dark smoke writhes behind black eyes, his features warping in agony. Or euphoria. Perhaps a little of both.
," Sam bitches when Dean wrenches the door open to scowl at him. "I've been calling for like an hour, what — " and Sam takes one look at the bed and the welt on his neck, gives Dean a look and says, "So, who tripped?"
Cas isn't looking at Dean's carefully-drawn stick-figure representation of the driveshaft, though. He's looking at Dean, unreadable eyes and that quirky, soft smile he gets whenever he sees a bumblebee. Dean becomes empirically aware that Cas' right arm has made it's way behind him, warm hand resting gently against the small of his back.
"Yeah, Cas.
Sam doesn't answer Dean, just brushes past Castiel, takes Dean by the hair and yanks his head to the side. Jody only hesitates for a moment jabbing the needle into the exposed flesh of his neck, depressing the plunger in the same motion. It happens so quickly that Dean doesn't react with anything except a curse.
annoying.
"Oh, yeah," the guy replies with a laugh. "Definitely. Hell, yeah. I mean, it messes with you regardless, but I feel bad for people who get famous really young. It's best to make the most of your mistakes in relative obscurity. Otherwise, y'know, you can really be defined by all the stupid shit you do when you're a kid. I mean, my wife,  she's — yeah, big movie star, right? It was nice to see how people treated her, a good experience for me, especially coming into the last few years. Taught me some important lessons. I was able to see that you gotta nurture the relationships with the people who'll call you on your bullshit, the people who would have you over for dinner if you were — if I were still a coupon salesman, or a waiter or — "
"Is that why you do it?" Cas asks, and Dean's pretty sure it's not meant to be accusing, but it does sting. A little. "I'm not trying to insult you," Cas continues, because even when he can't read Dean's mind he's pretty good at reading his expressions, fantastic. "You just have a history of being cavalier with your sexual partners."
"I'm okay," Gabriel plays along. "Please don't, I — look, the kids are in the bath, and I — "
Dean twirls the silver blade in his hand. "I can do this all night, sweetheart."
Vibrations move through the air; invisible molecules expand rapidly, spin and ripple outward. They wash over the still form on the bed, colliding with the force of a tsunami.
Dean knows she's right. Sam's always been okay on his own, adapts so quickly to life without Dean it hurts to think about it, even now. And Cas, well — even if the bastard wasn't about to kick the proverbial can, he never stuck around long enough for whatever the fuck they had between them to mean anything. Dean was just a means to an end, and however much it hurt, Dean gets it. How could he expect anything else?
"Dean, seriously, will you just — " Sam stops himself when he sees Dean looking past him; Sam glances over his shoulder to Cas — or what
"You are underage," Castiel points out. The establishment sells liquor, and Castiel has spent enough time with humanity to know the man at the door is checking identification — and while a hunter always has a fake ID handy, her looks betray her youth. "You can watch the perimeter."
I'm playing. Life isn't a game, Dean. It's a marathon of suffering and survival and, frankly, I sometimes wonder why you all fight so hard."
— because it's South fucking Dakota.
The rest of the party is pretty tame, and Sam's phone is suspiciously quiet aside from three texts he receives about twenty minutes apart after Dean's call.
"Oh, but I
(See the end of the chapter for
you?"
. Castiel had Googled it just to find the actual address (not everyone could afford to take cabs in this city, all right?) and saw an article in the web search that listed the top fifteen most expensive hotel suites in Manhattan.
"I can assist with that," Cas says, and starts to stand.
It's a long walk before he sees any sign of life. There's a few bars still open, neon signs glaring harshly into the dark streets. Dean lets the smell of souls guide him, picks the one that seems ripest. The TV is too loud and there's a louder pack of camo-clad douchebags cluttering up the pool table, but the noise is good for cover.
"Took you long enough," Bela says when he reappears on the dock. Dean left the boat and the bloody mess anchored where he found it. "You can always visit him in the pit."
"Your arm was broken."
The door flies open, slamming against its hinges in the wind. The woman who had been tending bar runs out, tripping over herself, unsure of what direction she wants to go except
the thoughtful look on his face. "Better, even. I had no idea his liver had degraded so much. I would have repaired it much sooner had I known."
The next blow finds home, slamming Dean up against the wall with enough force to crack it. He shakes it off, throws the blade and shields his eyes as it finds it's mark. If her brothers and sisters dropping like flies bothers her, Hannah doesn't show it. She charges him with her sword held high, the remaining two others flanking her.
"Already?" Dean scuffs the ground his boot, blows warmth into his hands and leans his shoulder against Castiel's. When Castiel pulls his hands over to keep them warm, Dean laces their fingers together, carefully weaving the digits until they fit into place, like pieces of a puzzle. "Yeah, Cas. I'm good."
putting beehives in the conservatory."
For a loaded moment, Sam thinks about not telling her because there isn't anything he can do about it
The largest rune on the top glows intensely bright for a moment before sparking, then going out entirely. Keung sniffs, cracks his knuckles. He looks up and seems surprised to see Dean still there, unmoved, just watching. But Dean has nowhere else to be, and nothing better to do. One down, six to go.
He takes her by the hair and to her credit, she fights him the entire way as he drags her back down the stairs. Bela is yelling something behind him, but he can't hear her over Krissy's cursing, and whatever it is can wait. They're not leaving until he has what they came here for, so it's not like they don't have time.
Dean rolls his eyes. "Yeah, he showed."
has a nice ring to it," Charlie says, draping her arms over the balcony. She leans in to leech some body warmth, not shying away in spite of the smoke. She rolls her eyes when he squints at her. "Castiel, y'know?
bad night. Results are the same for me either way, but I'd really prefer not ruin my shoes."
"Um," Sam says.
The woods break open and sunlight glances off the hood. Dean winces and slams the sunshield down, squinting against the bright light. The road straightens out and he lays into the accelerator, and leaves the memories behind.
and so is the duvet. He dumps the small go-bag on the floor beside the bed, and calls down for a burger with a side of fries, hell yes on the bacon, and a six pack of whatever's decent.
"You mean aside from your brother's — admittedly attractive — backside?" She shrugs, then flinches when she catches the edge of the blade Cas is still holding at her back. "The same thing he always wants. The upper hand."
"Yes," Castiel agrees. "For now. If he's going to retrieve something for Crowley, it would be advantageous that we intercept him before he reaches his destination."
"I don't suppose there's any security cameras," Sam says, but the man shakes his head. "Any luck with IDs?"
It's the simple truth, and Castiel knows nothing else. He learns about lying along the way.
Sam sips at his beer.
"Turn on the TV," Jody interrupts.
That was two days ago, and Sam's called four times checking in on his brother. Dean hasn't asked what's taking so long, but Jody catches him watching the phone when Jody answers, listening in. He spends his days pacing the length of the library, grunting responses to any questions she asks, and even Castiel seems to be giving him space. Jody's pretty sure that Dean's running on nothing but coffee and whiskey and God-forbid what-else, and on the third night, makes the executive decision to cook dinner and force-feed it to him if necessary.
He'd say yes.
, Cas. I'd rather be dead."
That's fair, but the only pleasure Dean gets out of cutting is a vindictive sort of revenge. He'd already disposed of Walt, and most of the others he'd like to subject it to are already dead. Then again... "Unless you've got Metatron stashed somewhere quiet, I'll pass."
and he isn't strong enough, can't break the bonds holding him down. The world tilts and pain lances up his right side, cold stone scraping against his skin.
"Three weeks,"  Castiel repeats. He meant it when he said
"You don't," Dean says, turning over beneath the sheets. Cas is so close, their noses knock together. "It's implied."
Dean catches his eye and just waits, sees the flicker of interest and smiles. The guy looks away, turning his attention back to the buddy chatting at his shoulder. But Dean's patient, waits for those blue eyes to shift back to him, lingering a little longer each time.
Dean laughs again and, fuck, Castiel is not touching the scotch the barman is refilling because he's about one drink short of inviting this asshole home, consequences be damned. "That isn't in the band? Not in a while, no," Dean admits. "Look, the tab's covered, so uh, knock yourself out. I'll either see you on Friday, or I won't. Later,
Dean smiles and leans back in his seat. "Yeah, Cas. Like you wouldn't believe."
"Yeah, okay, look, it'll be fine, all right? I'll call Cain. Yeah, I know, she's — look, I can't — can I call you tomorrow? Don't set anything on fire, okay?" Sam hangs up without waiting for a response, and chugs the champagne Jess offers him. She raises an eyebrow. "Cain'll fill in," he assures her, because Cain still owes him for getting him off that attempted-murder charge from the awards ceremony last year. Who the fuck takes a knife to the Golden Globes, anyway?
Sam confirms he’s okay to keep going; Dean nods, burrowing into his coffee. He grimaces when Sam turns over the engine and loud techno blares over the speakers.
Sam makes a noise like an infuriated bull, something Castiel has come to associate with frustration. "We don't have
. I can't — I don't
Castiel blinks, and it takes him a moment to realize Dean's talking about his guitar. "White Falcon."
"It was Ezekiel, you know. You remember good ol' Zeke? Well, Gadreel, really, but whatever. He's the one who told me you had to leave. Said he'd kill Sam if I didn't kick you out, and can you believe I actually listened to that douchebag? Hell, if you'd stayed," he sees Cas wince and smiles, "I'd be free one life-burdening ungrateful shit of a little brother. And probably got myself laid."
"Be that as it may," Cas says, but Dean sees the uncertainty in his eyes.
Or maybe descending further into the deepest circles of Hell. The decor could swing either way.
Castiel isn't actually sure. "I assume they will still be effective, but with that weapon, he will be a much more formidable enemy. Imagine if Abaddon had the weapon, and the power Cain bestowed upon Dean to use it."
Krissy crumples to the floor as he flings her against the bar. He has rope in the car, but Krissy will be gone before he gets it, so he improvises; the belt at her waist will work. She tries to scramble away, frantic, when he goes for the buckle until he smacks her across the face. He has to pull the blow so not to break her jaw or pass out, just enough to knock the sense out of her while he pulls the strip of leather free and uses it to secure her wrists behind her to one of the wooden supports.
"Anywhere but here, yeah," Dean shoots back. "What do you want?"
," Dean snaps. The jolt of anger is swift, cutting through Castiel like a blade. "We can do it together, man. Me and you. Nobody could touch us. We can get your grace back.
Cas pauses at the door to the recently vacated dungeon, both hands braced against the wall as if to hold himself up. Sam doesn't have to ask to know Dean's fighting him; the demon cuffs around his wrists clink together as he shivers. "I'm okay," he says, when he catches Sam watching him. "I am trying to heal him before I — my brother did a lot of damage."
"Yes, yes, sorry, and did you just safeword a conversation?" The old lady across the way is giving Castiel a squinty-eyed glare and he shifts, angling his body in the other direction to watch the dark tunnel flash by outside the windows. "I've got a couple of all access passes for the concert."
"So what you're saying is we need to find some bacon pie," Jody teases, and shakes her head at the face Sam makes. "You're not going to encourage him to eat with microwaveable meals and takeout, and quite frankly I've no idea how either of you are in the shape you're in considering the sustained junk-food diet." Sam opens his mouth to no doubt argue about that, but Jody holds up a hand. "Getting the salad option at Biggerson's doesn't count as healthy, Sam. You have a kitchen. You need to use it."
It doesn't take him long, and she'll keep the scars as a reminder, but she'll wake up and walk again. "You can remove this," Castiel tells him, indicating the respirator. "She'll wake when she's ready."
"Yeah, Cas, I like it." The warm breath against his skin is pleasant, and Castiel closes his eyes and leans into it, but Dean pulls back. "That doesn't mean you can't have a space all to yourself. It's not like we ever get enough visitors to use it for anything else."
, it's
!" Krissy snaps. "I don't wanna — "
people are by contrast."
Keung doesn't notice Dean's distaste; he holds Bela at arm's length and looks her over before releasing her. "You made it out of the pit rather quick."
"Right." Jody swipes the bottle and pours herself another shot. "How is it again your brother went from dead to a demon?"
"I'm — "
The light shimmers and changes, and Dean shields his eyes, unable to focus on it, catching glimpses of the form it takes; large twisted horns, a striped head upon a curved neck, the sharp edge of a halo.
Cas watches his hand as he makes the movements, then tries them himself, brows pinching when he can't find the slots.
"You're not fine. You're unhappy," Castiel insists. He feels it like a constant ache deep in his chest, a tight grip around his throat that makes it difficult to swallow. "You don't like being cooped up in here, but you won't talk to Sam, and you won't talk to me. We want to help you through this, Dean, but you have to
"Fuck you." Dean lunges in his seat, the chair screeching against the concrete. "Who're you to decide what's best for me? You and Sam, you go on and on about how I don't know any better, how I
A part of him knows he needs to grieve, that if he's going to be of any use he needs to get that out of his system. Bottling that shit up never did anyone any good, and anyway, that's more Dean's way of dealing with things.
"Cas," Dean snaps, but when he looks back, Cas is already in the truck and the headlights flick on. "Asshole," Dean adds, just because he knows Cas can still hear him.
"I think it looks fine just like this," Cas mutters, but when Dean looks back, he's smiling.
When Dean opens his eyes, the world is in black and white.
The man huffs. "Adrenaline'll getcha further than ya' think."
"I'm here to see Keung," Bela says simply.
"I don't suppose you wanna start today. Dean's about to kill Cain. Or the other way around. I can't really tell with those two," she chatters on, leaning against the stage beside him.
. Do it again."
"No need to be hostile. We're friends, remember? I scratch your back, you don't stick a knife in mine. Speaking of knives...you might want to start by collecting that pig-sticker before your brother chucks it back into the Pacific. Trust me, not a fun place to go on holiday, even for a demon." Dean's eyes refocus at the mention of the blade. One track mind, this one. "Be sure to tell Moose I said hello."
attractive when he smiles that way. "Hey, how you doin'?"
His bladder has other ideas, but Dean persists as long as he can, well beyond the point of mild discomfort. It's not until Cas stops his one-handed massage and scrapes his nails back up Dean's spine that Dean opens his eyes, shivering, dick twitching against the mattress. Having spent most of his life sleeping alone, he's aware he's a bit of a blanket hog, and coupled with regular nightmares, often wakes up twisted up in a knot of sheets. Cas is lying bare beside him, and it's not like Dean hadn't seen all of him last night, but being literally face to hip with it in the stark light of day is a whole different ball game.
Dean smiles. It's easy, he finds, playing this part. Muscle memory. "Yeah, I know, this re-run's getting old."
"What the hell, Cas? Why do you even," he cuts himself off before he says
"Three weeks," Castiel repeats. "What do you — "
The room is dimly lit and the air is saturated with the scent of departed souls. Dean blinks, letting his eyes adjust. The place is empty, aside from two men standing in front of the bar, heads bent in conversation.
"I could," Castiel hesitates, but presses on. Dean did it for Lisa. "If you want, I can make sure she has no memory of this." He indicates the scars hidden beneath the blankets. "And make up a plausible reason for her friends and any residual emotional trauma."
Dean's hand jumps to his right forearm, gripping right over where the mark hides beneath the fabric of his shirt. "Same as before," he says, thumb rubbing over the spot. "Isn't any worse, at least."
"Sam?" Castiel looks like a dead angel walking, but that's nothing unusual. He leans against the doorjamb and squints at the empty bed, then at Sam. "Where is — "
Cas glances at Dean, the smallest hint of a smile. "They always have been."
, Sam."
replied:
"Did you ever, uh," Sam blinks at the bright lights of the oncoming traffic on the other side of the median. He leans forward, crossing his arms over the back of the front seats. "I mean, before all this, did you ever answer any before?"
Dean looks at him for a long time and Castiel feels the arguments forming behind those green eyes, but he closes his eyes before Castiel can catch the thread of it. "Okay."
is, but then Dean shifts, wrist weighing heavily on Castiel's shoulder as he leans in close, and Castiel can focus on nothing else. Yellow and green lights from the stage dash across his features, catching the color of his irises and making his eyes shine in the dark. "Changed your mind yet?"
people — all the centuries of sin up my sleeves, and I can't hold a candle to the things you've done."
in the
"Whatever. Just, call me next time. Jody already hit the sack," Sam tells them, ready for a change of subject. "But she left some hot chocolate. "
Dean glances from Cas to Sam and shrugs, carrying off down the hall. Sam stares after him, stumped by Dean's candor.
for this. We all are, whether we want to admit it or not. But your brother...he's something special. Why do you think Crowley has always taken such an interest in Dean? Why do you think your little angel is always perched on his shoulder?
"No," Cas says and Dean blinks, because that's bullshit and they both know it. Dean's known it for a while now and has felt it to his fucking
his dick seems on board with following through and Cas is naked and wet and willing, so Dean's decides it's worth the risk.
"There was this one guy, Sammy, I swear," the edge of Dean's mouth curls, sharp. "I woulda taken Dad over this guy any day, but he paid well, and someone had to fucking feed you. Left me bloody in the bathtub, but at least tossed a dime on the dresser on his way out the door. I spent every fucking penny of that shit on you, did you know that?"
The problem with living underground is the body never knows what goddamn time it is.
Dean head drops back and lets his eyes roll towards the ceiling before glancing back at Cas, a look of utter betrayal on his face. "Cakes can have multiple layers. They're made with
; Dean stops and just listens.
"Sure," Sam says. "How's Cas?"
"I mean, I need you to
Dean looks back at the violinist, and lets his fingers wander along the keys. It's an easy enough melody to play by ear, but the vocals — since that's what this guy likes showing off with — are another matter entirely. "Hey, if you can't manage," he says with a light shrug, and smirks when the guy's shoulders stiffen. Dean should know better; he still bears a few scars from not knowing when to walk away from a challenge.
When he lays hands upon the vessel, he replaces the cold with his warmth, lets the heat spread across skin and meat and bone, and feels the soul within shiver.
"I just, uh." Dean runs a hand through his hair, then shivers, vibrating in Sam's grip. "Little dizzy. He's..." a goofy ass smile spreads over Dean's face, "
If they don't get Sam back I'm so fucking done with this band.
Much of the beauty here is fake; painted on, surgically implanted, disguised behind glitter and revealing clothes. It's dark enough Dean can let his eyes shift and peek at the glimmering spirits beneath their skins, zeros in on the brightest beacons in the room and drifts towards them.
because Cas already knows that and stopped him and asked for it anyway. Dean leaves his fingers inside of him, cramp in his wrist be damned, but brings his other hand up to hold Cas' jaw while he kisses him. When the swell of urgency dies down he finally pulls away, and Cas raises an eyebrow in question.
Dean glances at him to glare, but his line-of-sight is blocked by the edge of the pillow. "I just don't think you're really in a position to know what it is you're asking for, here."
. I don't care how big your sword was." Dean looks up and jabs an accusatory finger at Sam. "Shut up."
t-shirt. It's still really fucking strange seeing him like this, dressed down in clothes that show off the vessel —
Mostly what Dean remembers is pain. The endless desert of blazing sand, its sky forever afire, patched with oases of boiling streams of blood with thorny trees ravaged by demons in the form of harpies. The racks are still there, a line of criss-crossed chains that go on forever, every single one of them occupied. Alastair favored this place, both for the atmosphere and the warmth. He always said seven was his favorite number. "What is this, a world tour?"
When he doesn't answer, her eyes shift to his clothing, torn and filthy; to his hands and forearms, still sticky and brown. It's dark in here, but not that dark.
