And finally you looked back into my eyes and I didn't believe a single word. All I could see was lie. I’ve never understood it. Never have I been able to wrap my head around why I get lied to again and again. By Sam. By Dad. Even by Mum. And now by you, too. Once again. Again and again people look at me and seem to think to themselves, that a lie is the only thing I understand. The only thing I deserve maybe. Am I really such a monster, that no one can, just for once, tell me the truth in my face? Is it really so horrible to talk about reality with me, that they rather put fables in my head?
“Talking you into going home with me,“ he gave back quick-wittedly. He didn't know if he really was or if he even wanted, he didn't even know what
“Cas, apart from…,“ and I stopped myself for a second to breathe and maybe to, despite all the anger, still keep hold on the yell inside me anyway, “… apart from the fact that you killed an innocent woman, the VICTIM, Cas, apart from you having failed colossally. Why the hell were you even there?!“
His wife smiled softly. “You have always been one to study the humans. Your heart is closer to them as you might admit. I wish I had something to be so enthusiastic about.“
Crowley pulled back his arm, a look of sheer satisfaction glowing in his eyes. Then he looked at Sam and Bert, standing there in shock, unable to move or say something. He smiled and turned to Castiel, who had stood up as well, his eyes glued to Dean on the floor, but not daring to move either. Again, one of Crowley’s eyebrows rose, eying the former angel from top to bottom.
, which for some reason echoed in his imagination in the shape of his brother’s voice. But this wasn't his brother, it was Cas.
“Yes?“ I said, as if I just now appeared here. You turned around and the corners of your mouth winced, as if you held back a smile.
I remember, how I was packing my stuff in my room. The few clothes I possessed, more rough than ready folded and pushed into my bag. It was considerably late, but we, Sam and I, had decided to head out today anyway. As if it mattered to what time of the day we were on the road. It didn’t. I heard a quiet knock and saw you standing in the doorway.
I tried to come up with anything to say in order to make you tell me the truth. Maybe, I thought, I could say
I remember, how a couple of days later I was sitting in the kitchen. It was the middle of the night and quiet around me. I was rummaging in a bock about angels and while I was reading, I had to smile every now and then about the way the person, who has written this work a long time ago, speculated about heaven and hell, clearly he hasn’t ever been there. Humans and their unlimited fantasy. They build a picture and even when they find evidence for the actual occurrences, their own aren’t replaced, but only adjusted. Never could you put reality above your own creations. And in the end, you were created for just that. Created to create on your own.
somewhere. A together. It wasn’t here, in this dream, it wasn’t there, outside in the real world. It wasn’t even a concrete concept, not then, not right now and not ever. But that abnormal, yet special idea of them together existed. Them. Cas and Dean.
Dean was calm and he eyed him in curiosity. He was peaceful in a way he hadn't been in a long time and Cas wondered if he’d done that, if he’d managed to give him that. The sun coming through the window behind him painted bright squares into the lion’s mane and made it gleam like an autumn-colored tree and time seemed to wait for them after all, standing still and enjoying the moment of mutual understanding and the sense of peaceful co-existence that they hadn’t had in years.
“Never mind,“ Bert muttered at the look he got and concentrated back on his book. They were researching from different angles here. Sam was browsing the web for similar cases of missing people in the past, preferably in the same area. Bert was reading in books about gods and demigods and mythology about monsters that fed on human flesh.
“No!“ Dean cried, his bottle of Whiskey falling to the ground and shattering into a thousand pieces.
I remember, it was one week later. You and Sam, you came back from a job. Some vampire problem in some city I didn’t know. And I had stayed here like you had wanted it. You needed me save, and who was I to deny you that? I hadn’t even followed you. I admit, I had thought about it, but it hadn’t felt right. And I began to put more trust in you than I ever thought was possible. You would come back, and you would be whole and undamaged, and you would be whole and undamaged for me. It was only a try really, a test if I would be able to let you go without hovering over you like a ghost. And you haven’t disappointed me.
“A mistake?“ you answered and your brows hurled upwards, like they always do, whenever someone says something completely stupid, “Drinking out of the wrong glass is a mistake. Killing an innocent woman is a little something more else“
“For how long have you been following us… me?“ I asked. And I needed the truth, I really did. As much as nothing else in that moment. Like the air to breathe, like a lifeboat or at least a little floating tire. I needed a basis for our We, for our togethership, just as stable as the bunker around us. And every fibre of my body was trembling with the begging for honesty, because I couldn't bear more lies, I needed it, I needed you.
Cas looked up at him, into his daring eyes and arrogant smile, then away at the pebble stone wall. He could see now that the jellyfish-shaped lamps on it and those hanging from the ceiling were moving as well. Like they were swimming in water, the way the tree was moving its branches like there was wind. Everything in this room seemed to be moving, everything seemed so alive. So charged with something. So peaceful.
“That was Rick,“ I said after a brief pause, not caring that you didn't know him, “he told me about a vampire nest outside Wisconsin a couple of days ago already. We’re in.“
Your eyes went soft and I felt like the winner of the conversation. Once again I have calmed you down and nipped your aggressiveness in the bud. Because that’s what I do. I calm you down. I am here, when you need me, and even when you don’t see it yet, you always need me. I am your peace pole. Your protector and your aggression filter. I take all your anger and your frustration and transform it into peace. And was I suddenly gone, you would realize it. And you would have taken me with you.
And there was something hidden in that “but“. For a moment I wasn’t sure myself what it was. I hesitated. I hoped you would see the nothing in all that and read it and understand what I wanted to say, without me having to actually word it. And I saw how it was working inside you. I knew you wanted to come with us, you didn’t want to stay behind. If I was you, I probably wouldn’t have wanted that as well. But.
Bert, who kept making friends with objects, fell onto one of the beds and looked like a fat kid that finally got invited to a party. Something was stuck in his dark mustache that looked like mayonnaise or vanilla pudding, but he didn’t seem to care. His grey t-shirt said he’s a special edition, though Dean thought Bert was an edition no one had ever asked for. But he’d been here first and there was, to Dean’s never ending regret, no way to make Bert drop the case. This was actually his hometown and Dean thought that, after all, there was a proper reason for the town’s name. Bert was more hazardous than any other hunter he’d ever met.
Castiel sighed shakily and clenched his fingers into his coat. Dean wondered if this was going to be some sort of tug of war he’d need to win. He just wanted the trench coat off. He couldn't see it any longer. It was a sore spot in his eyes, a sore bruise in his mind. It was a ghost of the past he couldn't bear having in there anymore. There in the air between them. It haunted him. All that guilt and all that unbreakable blame on his shoulders. He was venom to this man’s existence. Had corrupted him to the core and twisted his every thought. Now he didn’t follow heaven anymore. He followed him and him alone. A lost son who’d lost hold on his reason.
“Anansi is said to like playing with fire and water. As you might already know he rules over the weather and the oceans.“
Cas stepped into the kitchen with so much calmness that Dean couldn't stop watching him. There appeared to be something about him, some sort of light or a shine that made his eyes look bluer and his skin brighter.
Cas didn’t watch his hand or his arm, he only watched some distant spot somewhere near the hunter’s head. Maybe lost in thought, maybe caught by how his shirt turned wetter and wetter on top of his shoulders or how the rain and wind outside played their song.
“Dean,“ and it was as if I hoped, the more I repeated your name, the less you would blame on me. But the opposite seemed to be the case.
He sat up, suddenly, his head dizzy but somehow clearer. He clenched to his bleeding hand and felt the throbbing pain waking him up. And then the headache became too much to bear and he fell back down to the floor. The feeling demanded to be felt, even when it was a different one now.
I paused, because I had to think about, if I really wanted to know the answer. And when I realized that I needed to know it, I asked, “How long?“ and I hoped you would know, what I was referring to.
There were several things he knew about Castiel. One, Castiel was born a powerful creature and had been meant to help them through the apocalypse. Two, after the apocalypse that had never happened, in which Castiel had come to be their friend, he was now more like family. Three, Castiel’s entire world had been turned upside down, and not just because he was turning human now. Four, Castiel of the present was a whole different person than the Castiel of the past. He’d been humbled and Sam sure knew that it wasn’t only his falling, that there was more to it.
Sam paused where he was, observed and looked at his brother’s backside, as though it was a piece of art. It was Dean’s very own art of distraction and denial. An act, like he was oh so fine while he was oh so not. He was killing thoughts.
He stole another glance at Cas, who was brooding over his own book. One of his hands clenched to a fist, as if there was something he was holding onto. Always holding onto something. And then he looked up at Dean and frowned and they smiled.
The day had been a sunny one and now that the evening was slowly strolling in, the light had an orange tint to it that warmed up the dull colors of their room. They were sitting at the small table, Sam in front of his laptop and Dean in front of his beer he was peeling off the label of. He’d started early today and it was his third beer already, but it didn’t quite give him the carelessness he tried to achieve anymore.
Everyone started inhaling deeply, as though they had all been holding their breath. The temperature dropped noticeably. And just when Dean’s lips moved to ask what happened, there was a knock on the door of the main entrance.
“Definitely,“ Sam cut in, his grimace transforming into at least eight layers of thoughts. “But that’s not what I was going to say.“
“Because he is a weird guy, okay?“ I heard you answer, as my bowel cramped by the joking tone in your voice, when you put me over the edge, “He’s a weird, dorky, little guy.“
“The woman,“ I only said and literally felt your heart skipping a beat. It didn’t need more, you knew right away who I meant. I had broken your hope and lived up to your expectation. And I told myself, it was all going to be okay, and I told myself, I would work through your disappointment. I would do everything and you would see it. You would forgive me and it would all be like it had used to be. You would answer me again and send me these little texts, when you’re away, and you would renew our routine and come to me at night. And our togethership would go on.
And I heard something in that “but“. I can’t really remember what it was, I think I didn’t actually know back then either. But it sounded hesitant and as if it would say everything and at the same time nothing. As if it held something you can’t word. At least not yet. And I wanted nothing more than to fight for accompanying you. I wanted to come with you, I didn’t want to stay behind. But. Something in that “but“ let me understand, that I shouldn’t force it. I shouldn’t intrude myself upon you, otherwise I would push you away.
All I’ve wanted then, only and alone, is to understand you. Who you are, who you want to be, what makes you you and what pushes you. I’ve never been interested in understanding humanity, or the world itself perhaps. Only you, you I want to understand. I have studied you and observed, intensely thought about you and about what you’ve said and done. But then again, no matter how hard one tries, one never really manages to, right?
Cas thought the riddle was about them. And even when Dean didn't remember every line of it, he still knew that would imply that Cas thought of them as something more. More than what they actually were.
Sam knew it was a dangerous minefield to poke around in the personal life of hunters. Each one reacted differently. Some got angry and some got pissed and some remained silent. Some would open up so far that you got pulled into their mess of a life like a piece of debris into a hurricane.
And then you suddenly did what had seemed impossible and startled me out of my trance, asking, “Peanut butter?“
“Dean,“ I dared, although I knew, that you’re only this quiet, whenever you’re angry enough to explode any moment. But you didn’t. Your eyes found mine and I saw all the self-doubt and all the anger and the disappointment in them, which I hated to see. And something inside me was happy, that you didn’t let it out on me, as if you would hold it back, like a shield that doesn’t let me come into the crossfire. But something else inside me was worried, because if you keep it to yourself and hide it from me, it means that you don’t trust me enough to share your emotions with me.
Every now and then you would look at me, and even when there didn't seem to be much declaration in these gazes, they showed one thing for sure: affection. An implied smile, or the slight deepening of the wrinkles around your eyes, the hold of my attention, until eventually it would be interrupted, but not abruptly and bullheadedly, only soft and lovingly. I could see a lot of life in you, I could see how much you shared it with me. Because love is kind and does not envy. It was no sprint, it was a marathon, and we would both win it.
Dean swallowed as the lake and the footbridge and the lions around him vanished, and he stood in the middle of a forest. The ground was covered in a tight thicket of fern and other brushwood, all of it tinted in orange and red, and all the trees were birches. Their narrow trunks were just as bright and white as the sky above, and the air was cool and pleasantly clear.
“Listen, Cas,“ you said, and I listened, “it’s just a little job. We don’t actually need you with this, Sam and I gonna handle it“
There was a rough grunt to his side and he found the bookshelf had fallen over, too. There was someone buried under it.
Maybe it was fate they’d met. Becoming his friend was some kind of choice Dean had made. Becoming a family had happened with time. But what if Dean had never had any control over falling in love with him? What if his subconscious had realized it already? And what if his subconscious had realized that sooner? Would he have started beating Cas sooner?
You smiled at me, with that smile that wanted to make it all right and still couldn’t. My face relaxed a bit, and maybe I even felt a little better. And it was irrelevant, whether it was the alcohol or you. What did it matter.
And he did like Cas, he was his best friend. Family. And if Cas still acted like everything was fine, then he must like him, too.
, he told himself in his mind, ignoring his brother’s stares on the back of his head. He could tell Sam was bracing his forearms on the roof of the car and waiting for him to speak. But there was nothing to say. He hurt Cas. He hit him. He kicked and punched him. He made him little and weak and crawl on the dirty floor and cover his face, either with hands or with make-up. He’d seen that old friend of his, a part of his family. And seen him change into something new. And he’d taken that knowledge and added to it. Formed Cas, perverted him into a being so afraid of him that he wouldn't speak up or dare to stand against him or even only look at him without fear in his eyes. The glance they used to share, that glance that used to be so intense and kind and intimate. It had transformed into fear and fear alone.
So he turned his back to the angel, because it occurred to him that that was the only way to withstand. Without a look back he made his way to the door, which was as blue inside as it was from the outside.
“Cas? You okay?“ you asked, when I let myself down on one of the chairs and probably looked like the proverbial kicked dog. I looked up at you and it was as if I just now remembered again, how good you are for me. Your sheer presence seemed to make me forget about all my doubts and all my jealousy. Which is paradox and ironic, when you consider that you were their cause. The cause and the solution for all my problems.
The night of that same day, Dean got out of bed, while his brother and father were sound asleep. He found a sheet of paper and a pen and wrote down:
“I don’t know, it seems to affect all sorts of patients really,“ the young nurse said. “Patients with anxiety disorders, or trauma patients, or Borderline patients, even the ones with eating disorders. They just zone out all of a sudden and can barely be talked to anymore.“
Cas reached out again, just as hesitant and cautious, but this time he wouldn’t be fooled by Dean’s appearance. It was still Dean, after all. And then he could do it. He settled his hand on the soft forehead and felt the warmth radiating from the animal fill his every nerve. His thumb dared to move then, drawing slow lines across the lions head, and then his palm moved down over his nose and he drew back.
not loose and tangled and twisted and perverted anymore. They weren’t what they used to be and he knew he was right to believe that it was his fault, and his fault only.
Dean would never love him back the way he loved him. The way he loved him despite everything he’d done to him. The way he loved him despite his brokenness. And maybe he was a fool for that, but as long as that darkness inside Dean danced out of sight, Cas imagined only the stream. The stream of water and of air and of life and world and earth, the stream that would always make him go back to the monster. The monster that was also Dean Winchester, a man.
Sam and Dean were sitting in one of the booths in some diner in Old Saybrook, ready as ever for breakfast. Dean was already playing with the menu. Sam tried to read the paper, despite the annoying sounds his brother made, knowing that patience had never been Dean’s area of expertise.
I remember. We were sitting in one of those bars at one of those nights, where the hunt had been so easily done, so fast and successfully ended, that it wasn't even worth telling about. Sam was playing with the bottle in his hand and listened to you and Rick reminiscing the story we had all lived. And me, I could only observe. You laughed and joked and looked at each other again and again, whenever you couldn't decide who talks first. Your eyes met so often, I didn't even feel like being actually here anymore. The glow in your eyes wasn't meant for me anymore, not even for the vampires you had just defeated, only for him.
I rubbed my eyes and got up. Sleepily I scuffled into the hallways and towards the kitchen. My bones felt tired and my circulation not yet completely awake. My eyes were burning by the sleeplessness and my head hurt by all the blood and flesh in my dreams. And even there I wasn't the narrator, but only the audience, the participant, the player and the cutter, covered in the blood of the cut. I needed coffee. Bitter sweet taste on my tongue to start another day far too early, which I didn't live but only experienced. Reaching the kitchen, I stopped.
But I didn’t, and it didn't matter. I threw it back onto the table, loud and interrupting the silence lying above us, and gave you another look. I lifted my eyebrows, as if I wanted to ask something, but I didn't say a word. Because really, there wasn't anything I wanted to know anymore. I knew enough. That I didn't want to talk to you. That I was still unspeakably disappointed. That I felt like an idiot, who has wished for sun, although the whole world said it would rain. And it really did. It was raining inside our own little world and there seemed to be no end to it. And maybe I wanted to tell you all this and show you how I felt. But in the end, people lack courage too much. Courage to be, who they want to be, and to show, who they are.
“I…,“ you began, but I couldn't let you finish your sentence. I wanted to shout at you. Hit you. Shake you, until you would come to your senses again.
There was a guy in what seemed like his late thirties sitting in one of the corners. He was all by himself and deliberately watching him. Intensely. His hair was a mess standing in all directions and hanging into his face where piercing eyes stared at him so bluntly, it could almost be mistaken as seductive.
It glowed in shades of red and rose and gold, like the combination of a cherry tree and liquid sunlight and gold. The glitter of it, the shine, the soft branches and leaves, all that vulnerability, it hit him. It hit him so much he needed to stop walking. Brighter than sunlight, he thought, brighter than anything he’d ever seen. It hurt to watch it. It was too beautiful for Castiel’s eyes, too hard to look at, even harder to look away. He feared he was going blinder by the second and he didn’t dare to come closer. Yet, he couldn't help but move towards it, pulled in like he never belonged anywhere else. The way you seek shelter during rain and shadow in the summer heat and a closed room when the wind picks up. The way you stupidly dance in a thunderstorm, no matter how dangerous it is.
Cas was sitting on his heels, his hands in his lap and his head lowered. Thick drops of blood fell down to the ground from his forehead and mouth. His eyes were closed.
I was standing in the middle of his hut in a room that was supposed to be his living room, and stared at him. Clouded and tiredly he was sitting on the couch and looked into the TV. When he eventually noticed me, I had already thought of every of his possible motions and was perfectly prepared. Really, he didn't have the slightest chance. Confused and visibly irritated he stood in front of me, when I put my hand on his cheek. He fell to his knees, in his eyes naked horror and panic and pain. And it wasn't fun for me, not even a little bit.
“I wish Cas was more of a help,“ Dean said, bitterness creeping into his tone. He turned back to chewing on his pen and tried to get out all the thoughts on how many things Castiel could do and couldn’t do anymore. Get out that stinging feeling rising inside him and turning his stomach into knots he didn’t want there. He had no idea where it came from or for what, he only knew he wanted it all out.
And then there was that abandoned power plant building over the bunker. It looked huge from where he was lying in the grass, if a little putrid, towering over the area like a monument. Dean knew he needed shelter. The rain was on his skin and in his hair and in every fibre of his clothes that clung to his body and weighed him down. He felt so fucking cold, he couldn't stop shivering. So he stumbled to his feet and dragged himself towards the power plant.
It was a sensation so far off the world. All his nerves started curling in on themselves and firing info to his brain that he needed to get out. But there was no way out and that sudden realization hit him like a punch in his gut and killed all the air in his lungs. This was his end. Not by a bullet to his heart or a knife at his throat but by something as surreal and illogical as a burning body of water. There was only one question left: Would he drown or burn to death?
Bert was calm and when he told his story there was barely any emotion on his face or in his voice. As though he was merely quoting someone.
Castiel watched her closely as she nodded to herself. She looked uninjured, but she also looked traumatized. Whatever had happened to her, whatever had been done to her, it didn't seem like it had been easy on her. And then he remembered what had happened to all the victims before they had been taken, all those secrets being told. And he thought, disappearances immediately add story to the ones who let go. But what happens when they come back? Would the secrets they’d learned about destroy or heal them?
“Yes, I…,“ you stammered, as if you were trying to come up with a last-minute excuse, “… just feel a little sick from the long drive“
“Oh, now we’re listening to something Rowina, that bitch, said?“ you fired back, your voice finally shaking with aggression. Your feelings were being felt, even when the wrong ones, but at least any of them.
“You okay?“ I asked straight out into the world, so blunt and simple that it almost failed the complex situation we were in. I was worried. Worried for it to break and shatter, and worried for me to be the one that was throwing it down.
, he thought in a moment of desperation. “Please tell me you got an idea, Sam. Hell knows I need a win here, I’m starting to…“ He chuckled, a hysteric sound. “I’m starting to lose my mind here a little, man.“ He paused, then added, “What about your case? Wasn’t there a witness you told me about?“
“Dean,“ I repeated anew, and you gave up. And for a moment I wondered, if I fought this war not for you, but against you. Again your eyes got a hold of me, and all your anger and all your pain. But sometimes, when something is important, and makes us feel alive, it hurts just as much to fix it as it does to lose it.
Cas raised his head for the first time in what felt like hours and looked at him. The dark shadows under his eyes folded his face into layers upon layers of tiredness and exhaustion. But his eyes were wide open and bright.
He downed the last sip of his beer and looked at the bottle. The label was still intact, which was an odd thing for him, but it was also a good sign. He exhaled deeply and closed his eyes and tried to steady his heartbeat and inhaled into his stomach. In and out and in again. The night was colder than he’d expected, and damp somehow and it smelled like rain. He stretched out his arms on the backrest of his bench, hearing the green and red and yellow leaves above him rustle in the wind and through the silence, and he tried to think of anything but their latest case. Anything but the bunker. Anything but Cas.
The calm before the storm they say. But nobody ever talks about the fact that there’s a calm after the storm, too. And it’s so much better than the first one. Much clearer, much more obvious, because you know that it’s over, for now. The curtains lifted, the sun comes out, and you see what’s left.
“Okay,“ I only said, as if it was no big deal, as if there hadn't just been a monumental event. At least it was for me. And what alternatives had I left? You were standing on my way, and I had to decide, if you were the barrier on that way, whether you would go with me, or against me. And my exploding will had made the decision.
I observed your face that, even at such a silent and calm thing as reading, was the most hectic and most restless piece of human I had ever seen. Your eyes were flying to and fro, again and again interrupted by the blink of your lids, your lips were moving along to the words you read, your chin with them, your eyebrows every now and then hurled upwards and very rarely you wrinkled your nose. You were no one, who dabbled at reading, who scanned and skimmed something, no, when you read, you deepened yourself so much in it that your face became your thoughts. That face that knew so many different looks that you could fill a whole encyclopedia with it. And as well as I knew you, I always found new ones, while the only one of them that I will always remember was the first one of them I’ve seen. Right in that moment, right from the start, I had known that I had found a home for both my eyes and my heartbeat.
So while Dean was still lying on the carpeted floor of his motel room in the morning and there was still no daylight, his breaths came abrupt and stuttering. He wasn't sure he’d slept the night, wasn't sure anymore what sleeping felt like.
And Dean had wanted to fight him. But you don’t fight heroes, you admire them. You don’t make them even angrier and by that put those in danger that can’t defend themselves. He’d needed to understand, for Sam’s sake. For, one day, he wouldn't be able to hold back his own anger anymore. And Sammy needed to stay safe from him. He had been born a monster, and even as a twelve-year-old he’d known that he needed ways to deal with that.
And see what I’ve become. I was a monster, pushing everyone away, hiding myself in my head, poisoning myself with liquor. When really, I was the poison. I was the poison for everyone around me. People who got close to me, they got killed. And sometimes I would pray to god not to take any more from me, for I still believed there was a god. But I wasn't sure he still believed in me. And then there was that edge. That edge I was constantly hovering about, the abyss I could fall into. The mere darkness in myself, if I ever dove into it, I’m sure I would never get back out. And I would believe that the people who love me, they would hold me back from that edge. But the truth is, I was past saving. Sooner or later I would fall, and I would fall long and deep and never come back up. Maybe not now, maybe not even the next time, but one day I would.
Constantly and lasting. And I wondered, why it didn't have any impact on me. As if to hope you would rub off on me. That maybe I would someday become just as good as you. And maybe it was just a little hick-up inside me, a little spark of self-doubt that inflamed everything, but I really wondered, how you could be here constantly and still didn't want to make me better. As if you were blind, as if you couldn't see how miserable I was, how pathetic. And I knew, one day you would see it, too. The question only was, how long it would last, until that day came.
“Yeah,“ I gave, and I would, eventually, but right now it felt like a clear No in my head and heart, “you’ve said that so often, I lost count“
“Alright,“ Dean gave, pushing off the counter and walking towards them to the table. “What do we got so far?“
“Ever since I came down to hell to get you… ever since I walked the earth again… ever since I got to know you… I don’t think I ever liked anyone before that. I always came when you called and I did everything for you. And that wasn’t because I didn’t have anywhere else to go or because of the way you treated me. It was because of who you are. And no matter who you are now, it doesn’t change the way I feel about you. May that be stupid or not.“
Dean used to be the sun and Cas the moon. He was war and Cas was peace. He was disaster and Cas was beauty. He was sorrow and Cas was happiness. Cas was supposed to be his salvation and Dean ended up being his destruction. It was becoming less of a suggestion and more of a reality that for this particular former angel Dean was bad. He just didn't know where it had gone wrong exactly.
And someday I’ve realized that it suddenly isn't about saving the world or the future of humanity anymore. Ultimately it has only and always been about you. It’s like I’ve lost my destination. Exchanged for something more important. As if I had lost my head, by something as simple as the fear of losing you. My thinking mutilated beyond recognition and my task misjudged, because I have found something that is more important to me than obedience and power and respect. I have fallen for you. In every possible and imaginable kind of way.
Bert’s face fell as though he’d taken a death blow. Or was going in for the kill himself. “Well, I… don’t. I just always thought… I never even thought about that. But even as werewolves, they were still my family, right? They’d want me to join them. They wouldn't wanna kill me.“
The first time Dean realized that he was a monster it was in a moment that had nothing to do with the reasons why he was a monster, or even with the kind of monsters their way of living was about. Or well, not yet anyway. It was a moment of sheer frustration and that tingling feeling of wanting to move on.
“Maybe.“ Cas said, looking back down at his glass of water. “But in all my existence, I’ve never seen a monster that loved another person.“
I sat down at the table. No peanut butter sandwich, no Scotch. You alone were enough for me for that night. Maybe I was also scared. I don't know, whether more of us not being able to be us anymore, or of me not being enough for you. And maybe it was right. Maybe in the end I really was the spot. Maybe I didn't have a choice. A will, no matter how exploding, but no decision I could make. Perhaps it had been you the whole time, who had made the decisions for both of us.
We had a lead, a graveyard, where we suspected the hide-out. And we could cope with that, definitely. I had Sam by my side. And even when I would have wanted to have you here, too, I wanted more to have you not here. And it meant everything to me that you trusted us, that you believed in us. Well, at least you believed in me. And that was enough for me to believe in me, too. I hated to put you in that position, but with Sam with me, my life was in save hands. I would take better care of myself, more than I usually do, because even when my life wasn't worth so much to me, I still wanted to spend a little of it with you. And even when I didn't understand it, there were people, who needed me alive. Maybe I wasn't immortal, but maybe still invincible. I might have my faults, but we together, you and me, we didn’t have any. It was, as if there was this big Maybe hovering above us, which made everything possible and nothing impossible, and maybe that’s exactly what gave me the feeling of invincibleness after all.
He shifted a little on the bed, his back against the oak wood headpiece that was so familiar and yet so strange. A symbol for a lie about bruises and bed frames that sat in this room and reminded him of things that had never happened.
Only that Cas didn’t look like a threat, not like he used to. No matter how stupid it had appeared to Dean the first time they’d met, his signature trench coat had come to be a symbol for a warrior that always had his back. A symbol for fight and rescue. Almost like a superhero’s cape. Now it hung askew and was dirty and worn out. His hair that used to be so spiky and clean fell flat into his face and his eyes had long lost their secret glow. His black eye didn't make it any better. Cas was falling apart. Scarred from use and misuse and abuse.
“You know,“ he began in his mixed-up accent, which was somewhere between British and not-British-at-all, raising a brow and licking his lips. “You could always just call me. It’s the twenty-first century, darlings.“
The sand under his boots creaked, one foot and then another one, step by venturing step. A swooping to the side, balance, and step again. He took another sip and found, stolen, the drink tasted even better. He should, he thought, put this on his list. A hand ran over his damp cheek, for a second he flinched, then realized it was his own hand. Silly.
Cas’ eyes widened and his blade sunk a few inches. Then he raised it again. “Go, and I will spare your life.“
This was our story. A marvelous story. About love, heartbreak, loss. Of fear and anger. Of loneliness and a togethership that needed to develop first and for a long amount of time, but eventually, here we are. Both fractured and broken, both suffering from our past and present and probably also our future. We weren’t always good people, what we were is people, who are trying to do good. And no matter how many evil creatures we stopped, the ones inside us, our very own demons, could never be stopped. We saw them in each other’s eyes, we felt them in each other’s touches, they were just all around us. But as long as we had one another, they couldn't do us any harm.
He leaned down and kissed her again. It was so messy and passionate and with so much force that he could feel her trembling underneath him. His hands moved down her sides and her skin was so soft that he wanted to explore every single inch of it with his fingertips.
One, there was a sound like water starting to boil in a kettle or like a truck rushing by on the highway.
Now, he didn’t exactly remember how long he’d been wandering around and along Bridge Street, which, he thought, deserved its name as it was literally a street crossing over the South Cove to Fenwick. Now he was at Lynde Point, walking along the empty sandy beach there, a lighthouse somewhere in the distance.
Dean. The Dean who was dangerous and violent and so much in pain that he didn't know where to put it and how to cope. He didn’t want to acknowledge the monster. But Cas knew he was the right person to let it out on. To help Dean.
His nose found its way to Cas’ throat and when he felt the warm steady pulse there, he could do nothing but move against it. His nose moved up along Cas’ skin, slow and halting, up and up and up. Until it was right under his chin, and even with his eyes closed he noticed Cas swallow.
“Wait. Lilly Smith? You’re one of the missing people, right?“ Sam asked when they had sat her down at the map table.
Sam told me about having tracked down the ghoul, every step you had made. And I eagerly drank of my Scotch, which couldn’t numb me, but I hoped the slight burn down my throat would distract me from the burn inside my chest. He told me how you had been searching at the wrong graveyard and I tried not to show anything. And then he told me about the woman, who I have killed for you, who wasn’t the ghoul, but its latest victim. Feeding of people that are already dead seemed to be not enough for him anymore.
I lowered my head and it was hard not to take that anger personally. You weren’t mad at me, you were mad at the situation. At the fact that you had lost someone once again, that life was unfair to you. At the world, at the injustice, at the universe perhaps even. Not at me.
Cas fixed his eyes to the ground and went somewhat pale, fiddling with the fabric of his trench coat. He clawed into it and smoothed it down over and over again. It was a view that Dean rather didn’t want to endure, annoying to no end, so he trained his eyes back to Bert.
They reached Bert’s car, a rusty old thing in rusty shades of a color that probably used to be some sort of red, and Bert mumbled a quiet sorry.
In an instant, Cas sat straight up in his bed. It was weird to see the angel sleep nowadays and that was just another thing pouring oil into Dean’s fire of irrational rage. Or maybe what provoked him the most was the silence. Because deep down Dean knew it wasn’t Cas’ fault that everything was so hard lately, that nothing worked out the way he’d planned. Dean just wished his friend would care enough about anything. Stop keeping quiet and stop looking at his damn shoes and stop turning into something he wasn’t.
Dean was lying face down. He was surrounded and covered by old novels and magazines and pieces of decoration, like a porcelain frog and shards of pottery and picture frames. He was dusty and he groaned as he turned onto his back.
I looked at you and found the mere realization that once again you were hating your life. It was one of those moments, where you couldn't wrap your head around the facts of being alive, where nothing makes sense and everything seems simply and alone horrible. Where you regretted it all and wanted nothing anymore, but to blame yourself, because inside the little, confused, self-desperate mind of yours, which I had learned to love, it was the easiest thing you could still do. You didn't know who to hate for it, the world itself, which wasn't to blame for it, the universe, which seemed so far away, even when surrounding you, that it could hardly be a part of it, or god perhaps, about whom you knew that he simply didn't care. So you blamed the only one you didn't have to explain, why it’s his fault: you.
. So he got moving and felt the icy water soak his jeans and then his shirt and jacket, as he fought against the waves that tried to move him out while he really needed to get in. It was blank instinct. Blank training. Blank mind.
Here, at the Silver Hill Hospital in New Canaan, Connecticut, they had patients falling into some sort of stupor. Bert had told them on the phone about it and Dean had wondered when they’d started to take cases and orders from him, of all people. They were mental hospital patients, to be fair, people who were
“You shut up,“ I said firmly, but couldn't help a tiny smile spreading out on my lips and coughed it away, “maybe he got himself into trouble or something?“
He turned Cas back onto his stomach, didn't need to see his face or his eyes. He pushed him against the ground. His mouth was only an inch away from his ear where stuttering gasps and moans flew in. He split his legs. Cas feared his back would break, Dean’s sudden urges felt so heavy.
“I think that thunderstorm wasn’t a force of nature at all,“ his brother answered and swallowed some invisible thing in his throat. “And neither was the earthquake. If the lockdown went off, it’s gotta be something supernatural. And how likely d’you think it is to have two of such incidents near us within a few days?“
The Winchester was still avoiding his eyes. Even when there was some right in Bert’s words, there was also so much wrong. He couldn't let this happen again.
His brother only spared it a brief look and went on with his desperateness. “No, not that one.“ He said. “My leather jacket.“
I closed the book and almost ran out of the room towards Sammy’s, because I just had to tell him. In that moment I didn't really care that I left you alone in that room, then again, you weren’t a child I had to watch. You were a grown man, who could handle himself for a minute, and I was way too happy and excited about getting the chance to chop off some vampires’ heads to stop and make sure everyone was okay with that. Maybe a little selfish, but I didn't mean to.
They watched each other for a long while then, Anansi biting into his pastry every now and then and wiping his mouth and hands with the handkerchief in his breast pocket when he was finished. Castiel remained silent, his eyes never leaving the trickster.
He rose and wandered off to the beds. Still reluctant to be near them and trying to find out why, he pulled off one of the comforters. He walked back to the couch, stopped behind the backrest and reached out to push Cas a little forward to be able to put the blanket around him.
I mean, maybe I wanted more details from you, really wanted to know if you were all right. But actually it wasn't even important, because I could see it in your eyes. You looked happy. You looked like it was just as okay for you as it was for me to leave the words unspoken. It was as if we would share the same pair of eyes, as if our worlds became one. And I saw it, I saw the bubble we were in. The completely carefree, beautiful bubble that belonged only to us, where everything seemed to be fiction, future and prediction. And I didn't mind that, because never had I felt more comfortable anywhere than here next to you in that bubble in this moment, far from all the monsters, far from all dreams and lies. And this very moment here felt like an eternity, as if time stood still and the world around us disappeared. And no matter how numbered my days were, in here, here in our togethership, here I could live infinitely, and forever.
He’d expected to find the former angel sitting on his bed. Or lying in his bed. Or somewhere in the room doing nothing in the quiet sadness surrounding him ever since Dean had left. Or maybe even since before that. He’d expected to make another attempt to talk to him and fail again, almost felt angry about it before it even happened. He’d expected to find anything.
“Cas, you need to see this,“ you said, without even giving me a choice. You sat down beside me on the bed, so close to me that our thighs and shoulders touched. You shoved the newspaper into my face and on the front page I found an article about some real estate mogul, who abused his wife, with a big picture of the man in the middle, leaving a building surrounded by reporters, visibly unhappy.
Victims came and victims went, and no matter which case they looked at, there was no step to make and no progress either. All those people missing and going crazy and dying, it were so many. These people were all so faceless.
But there were good memories with them, too, no matter the way they seemed to attract danger and weird like light attracts moths. There was the bunker. There was that nice car. There was companionship. There was Sam reading with him for hours and taking him serious like no one had ever done before. There was Cas arguing with him about objects and souls and being annoyed with him, but still smiling that tiny little bit with one corner of his mouth. There was Dean hating everything he was and did, and still growing to like him. There was that.
“You know,“ I said, as if to order you to know. I did a wave of my hand between us to make it clearer to you, but you only looked like I was trying to make you understand the mechanics of a Transformer or the meaning of some idiom.
“Not this,“ I said then, as I realized that you were looking at the top article about some real estate guy, “that!“
“Like, uh, things of the past, you know. Experiences or something that happened to you and you can’t let go of it, because uh… because it changed you. But, like, you still try and fight them, because you know they’re not who you are. And sometimes, some people can’t win that fight and that changes who they are in the present. Does that make sense to you?“
“Whose blood was it, Cas?“ you suddenly asked and I noticed how hard you tried to stay calm. It sounded like pressure, but it felt like a rhetorical question. As if you already knew the answer and just asked out of politeness. But in your eyes I found something like hope. Hope to be wrong. And it crushed me, that I couldn’t seem to be able to give you this one thing you needed. Something simple as a new shirt could have prevented all this. And I hated my inattentiveness and I hated my mistake. But I had made it and I had to handle it. If only I knew how.
And then a train of thought crossed my mind and I thought to myself, maybe you were jealous. I wouldn't know how anyone could ever be jealous because of me. Jealousy appears when something’s important, and I just didn't feel important enough for that. Also, I’ve always tried to make the ones I cared about feel like they’re special to me, even if for only a short amount of time, considering some of the relationships I had, if one could even call them that, haven’t lasted too long. I’ve always been a go-getter, a womanizer and charmer, but never a cheater or a liar. So I asked myself, why you would even consider me to pay attention to anyone other than you. You were the important one, the one that I cared about, that was special to me. So there was no need to be scared, let alone think that someone like Rick would change anything. Maybe we were still fragile and insecure and dangling on a string in a way even, but we were not at all in danger.
In the very back of his head, though, was still lingering that nudging reminder of failure. Going home after a job always felt kind of strange, but going home before he finished it was so much worse. It felt like an itch he couldn’t scratch. Like a picture hanging askew. All wrong and suffocating, and Dean knew he couldn’t make it right. He didn't understand his decision to leave either, he’d reacted without thought. And now he felt like a coward, running from the problem without even considering that the problem might follow him.
Then everything happened so fast. Whatever hands or claws or tendrils or power had pulled him down disappeared like they had never even been there. There was a moment that felt much like a tinnitus. A freezing moment of time-stopping stillness, where you’d inhale a sharp breath, if it weren’t for all the water. When it passed a millisecond later, he moved his numb legs and arms and shot upwards like firework. And the air he sucked in above the surface felt like a swarm of bees in his lungs.
This was clearly no friendship. It was something far beyond that, something twisted and unhealthy and weird and something that bothered and enlightened and encouraged me all at once. What we had was something so rare, so special and unique, no book or man had ever heard of it, as if it wasn't supposed to exist. And that’s why it’s so difficult to name and to understand. It’s simply unlikely to happen. And yet, it happened. It happened so fast and unnoticed, even by us, that we hadn't even seen it coming. And once we saw it then, it was like we had been hit by a lightning bold of realization we weren't able to realize just yet. So we just went onward on our road to whatever and continued intervening in each other’s being without any logic or reason. Because there was no space between us for reason. Overwhelmed and driven by feelings. And that’s not something friends do.
Another punch hit the vending machine and Dean stepped back and ran a hand through his hair and over his face. Why did nothing ever work out the way he wanted? He pulled out his wallet from the back pocket of his jeans and drew another few dollars. He was sure that they’d be a waste like their precursors.
“Wait,“ he stopped and looked at Castiel, then back across the water. The ocean lay still and almost even before his eyes. Its onyx color mixed with the dark sky and the moonlight reflected in it like nothing ever happened. “There was f— there was fire on the water… there was fire everywhere—where’s all the fire, I—“
Cas looked at him then, relaxed a little under his touch. “No. You knew what you were doing, Dean. And you knew it would hurt me. But— but somehow that didn’t stop you. It never does.“
Anansi chuckled. “I have no intention to harm you, Castiel. But, of course, you won’t believe me.“ He leaned to the tray and took a spoon from a jar of sugar. About seven spoons landed in the coffee, before he turned back to Cas, the cup in his hand. “Here. Have some coffee.“
He had stammered. He’d tried to say a few things. And when Cas listened to the senseless pieces he brought out, all Dean wanted was to love. To worry. To doubt fundamentally.
This felt kind of the same way. Same cold grey floor. Same feeling. The only thing different was that he wasn’t alone this time. He still felt coated by everything closing in on him and his shirt didn't only feel like a second, very wet, skin but like chains around his body. Like some sort of pressure. Not protecting him from the wrong air anymore but keeping him from breathing. He had to get it off himself.
“You know,“ Sam said, with a dramatic pause, which told everyone, who knew him, so especially me, that he was about to say something important, “I know he made a mistake“
It was as though a rainbow had spilled and melted into every little cell of this place, and within the smallest naked moment Castiel felt whole and shattered to pieces all the same. He felt at home, at home like he had in that beautiful train, but at the same time more. And though he knew it was only a dream, he wanted to stay there forever.
When they entered their motel room that Sam had so kindly booked for them, Dean tossed his car keys onto one of the beds. They had one room instead of two separate rooms, which Dean would have preferred, and he remarked how there was too little space between the beds. He’d need at least a mile of distance to be content, or a wall or something. He thought of body fluids and disgusting rituals — of course related to witches, not to the room situation. Without a warning, he felt so disgusted, he wasn't even hungry anymore.
“No, of course not,“ I answered naturally and your gaze changed from aggressive to asking, “I just don’t understand, why I can’t come with you“
Sam made a gesture that supposedly said ‚that’s it‘, and you seemed to agree with his conclusion. Of course I could be standing in that room with you, invisibly listening to your conversations, invisibly feel your presence, invisibly sensing your scent. But I didn’t want to violate your privacy any more. Hiding behind trees and observing you without you knowing seemed just as wrong, but it was the compromise I had to make to make sure you were okay. Sureness about your safety. That’s what I need. Even when it’s not about what I need, but only about what you need.
She looked up at the Winchester with weary eyes. Castiel stood up and stepped closer, touching Sam’s arm. “Sam, maybe we should let her rest a little.“
Dean looked from Bert to his brother, whose expression looked like a sunrise. Something was dawning.
You came to me into the room with all the dark wooden tables, with the little lamps on them, and smiled. Your hands grabbed my shoulders for a moment, when you went past me to sit down on the chair next to mine. And my eyes followed you and saw you were happy to see me. I don’t know, where Sam was, maybe in his room, but it didn’t even matter, not to me and not to you. The only thing mattering were we, here, here in our togethership.
I remember, how it was. How we have been and how we were and how we are. We are like a puzzle that gets put together anew over and over again. Like a strange structure, which never actually belonged together, but was against all nature holding together. Our thing hasn't always been there, like it is for some, I can’t even say that it has even always been in me. But there’s something about you that just doesn't stop changing me. And don’t get me wrong, that’s not something bad, it’s just that I don’t understand it. And yet, our thing grew more and more and the more I’ve changed, the more you’ve changed and the more we’ve become us. It’s as if this We was an inexorable force, un-brake-ably proceeding and rapid. So rapidly we had something. Grown by its tasks and changed by our dynamic.
it that I never could be getting back out of it, it seemed. Like that abyss that was threatening to devour me, only brighter and happier and right here. It filled my body with so much emotion and power and strength, like it was replacing all the blood inside my system, like the ocean, only with energy for water. Sweeping and swooping to and fro and back and forth like a force I wasn't able to fight. Constantly appearing and disappearing, like it was air being breathed. Things always come and things always go. And I just hoped this thing would stay long enough for me to truly have it.
“Hey, Cas,“ my brother answered, not me. I stared at my phone, which seemed much easier than this situation, and I tried everything to ignore you. Sam on the other hand seemed to feel the tension in the air, which threatened to inflame it all. Like the quiet before the storm. And I was dying for the thunder to come, because the fight we were about to have was long overdue. The accusation was literally lying on the tip of my tongue and only waited for me to say it to your face. I wanted to shout at you. I wanted to hit you, right in your face. I wanted to tell you, how stupid you were, and ask, how you could do that. I wanted to make you the monster I wanted to see in you, because at least it would distract me from seeing the monster I was in my dreams. Which I failed to suppress, because with all the disappointment you had put upon me, you had taken the one thing from me that really helped: our routine.
Dean made a strange sound, then barked back, “You sleep outside in the cold for a night with soaked clothes, let’s see how that improves
Anansi ignored the question, instead he smirked. His tone sounded mocking when he spoke like he was imitating someone, saying, “
He remembered how he’d first heard his true voice and how his ears had been bleeding and how much it’d hurt. How the blue of his eyes had made him feel like drowning. How he’d started sinking down into it, with each glance a little more.
Dean couldn’t fathom. So what he did was playing the scene over and over again in his head, turning it over, hearing the words better and louder, and trying to decode their meaning.
Dean was processing. “Come on, Sam, skip to the end, I’m not in the mood to play you douchey I-know-something-you-don’t game.“
Sam stared at his fingers on the car roof, his mouth distorted and a frown building between his brows. “Well,“ he began, sighing. “I guess everyone has their issues, like… call it inner demons. And I guess everyone deals with them in their own kind of way, you know.“
But he did, in fact, need his brother. He hated him. He hated what Dean had done. He hated everything he’d missed and hadn't seen sooner. He hated Dean like he’d hated his dad. And he hated everything about that one single moment that had made his world collapse over his head. That one moment he’d finally seen what was going on between Dean and Cas. And he’d memorized that moment, and he’d turned it into a thirty-year-old voice.
I answered Sam’s question with a whizz and I remember the smile I tried to oppress. I didn't know why I wanted to smile, and also not why I didn’t let myself, I just knew that it felt like a monster I wanted to fight against. And I knew it had something to do with you. And maybe, after all, you were the monster I wanted to fight against.
Three, the guy across the table was intoxicated by whatever the hell kind of drugs they provided him with here.
“Yeah, I need you,“ you said, and I almost found something like meaning in your voice, “You as a person. You as Cas, the Cas I know. But I can’t have you stalking around and kill the wrong people for me, that’s not what I need. I need you to be here. When everything blows up and goes to the dogs, and when we don’t know what to do and when the wrong people get hurt by people, who are wrong. And you, you’re not wrong, and I want you to remember that“
Cas looked up and when he spoke he did it very quietly. “He said he didn’t think it would turn out that way, that we only needed to stop talking to… to work things out. And he said he finds it quite interesting.“
You reached out a hand to me, probably to help me back on my feet, but I wasn't there just yet and also felt like I was right were I belonged, so in a sudden outburst of anger over how you didn't see that I slapped it away. And then you left the room and I cursed myself for being so stupid to push away the only person who always offered me his help.
I heard silent steps in the hallways and lifted my gaze. Little later I found you in the doorway, barefooted and in your grey sweatpants. Your naked chest stared at me, or maybe I was staring at it, as if there was nothing else in this room anymore. It was just skin, even when more of it than I was used to. But it was your skin. Your hand moved across your chest, as if it wanted to push away my look, and I concentrated back on your face.
Sam cleared his throat. “So uh… there’s these dreams I keep having. Lucifer, mostly. Well, actually they’re always about Lucifer.“
Dean didn’t want to go in there, he wanted to run away. But the invisible leash around his neck pulled him forward. He had no other choice than to follow the trickster into what seemed to be yet another trick.
Dean shut his notebook, exasperated, and stood up to go question someone else. Not far from Carl there was a much older guy in a wheelchair. Coming closer, Dean found him staring out of the windows, almost unblinking.
Cas sighed. “Did you ever happen to see the most beautiful thing in the ugliest possible situation, Bert?“
“My stupid hands,“ the hunter mumbled into the air and clouds of frozen breath built above his absent face. “I didn’t forget what happened. It’s just… you’re not the same anymore.“
I liked Rick a lot. I even admired him in a way. He was this strong, down-to-earth person, always fighting for the good, always winning, always surviving. He was one of the best hunters I knew, and if there’s one thing I respect, then it’s effort and a strong will for doing the right thing to do. We weren't that type of friends, who tell each other everything, hell, we never actually told each other anything about our respective lives, but we were still friends. Bonded by the same will and goal, living lives that weren't too different from one another. I barely knew anything about him personally, but I knew he was good and I knew he was good at hunting. And that’s enough for me.
Anansi cocked his head in a way that almost reminded Dean of Castiel. “Haven’t you recognized it?“ he asked Dean, something like disbelief in his dark eyes.
So Castiel was here with Dean, and yet without him, and he tried to kill some time with reading in books written in languages neither one of the Winchesters spoke. It was calming in a way, and time did pass, but his mind only wrapped around one thing. Was it sick that he didn’t want to leave?
Bert cocked his head, then after a long pause said, “I think it already makes a difference that you think about it at all.“
“Something makes people disappear there and we got reason to believe you and your demons got something to do with it.“
“Yes, true.“ Bert said. “I don’t know about you guys, but I don’t think there’s anything important enough that I know that some supernatural creature would go out of his way to get it.“
“Hey,“ you threw into the room and stood up, apparently relieved to see us. I thought you had been worrying, when really, you were just a good actor.
Sam was playing with the bottle of already stale beer in his hands and only half-listened to Rick and me retelling the tale of how awesome we were. And you, you didn't say a word. You appeared to pay attention to us, though, with your eyes glancing at us and your hands and the rest of your body doing nothing. It seemed like you were observing us. And for in a way I thought observing was just your favorite thing to do, like a hobby or something like that, I didn't make you stop. I somewhat even ignored you, to be honest. I was too busy enjoying myself.
At some point Dean had had to come back and by then Cas had already moved to their second room next door. Dean was back to reading in the journal and it was like nothing had ever happened.
And then everything changed very fast. Faster. Fastest. And Dean didn't know anymore if it was wrong or wronger, also didn't care. All three of them started moving around in the kitchen. They’d found some sprays, insecticide and deodorant, and started igniting their content to burn them all up.
“You just don’t know that you want to yet.“ Bert gave, smiling even wider. “Time for the charm bomb to explode.“ He pushed himself away from the counter and stepped in front of Dean. When he put his hand on the other hunter’s shoulder, Dean flinched and stared at him. Bert kept smiling and then flung his arms around him. Without a warning he hugged him tight.
To me you are perfect. Perfect in all your movements, in your little tics and habits. You are perfect, when you fight, and perfect, when you think. Everything about you makes sense to me, and even only watching you makes me feel like I make sense, too. I am forever. I am a creature brought into being for eternity, hard to kill and easily alive. And I almost envy you for your mortality, because the appeal of life seems infinite, when you know that it’s going to be over at some point. You are perfect in your imperfection. Complete in your incompleteness. And even when you won’t exist anymore one day and I will still be wandering around and needing you, your complete perfection will live on inside me forever.
Dean put down the plate and grabbed a towel to dry his hands. He blew some air out of his nose and turned around. “If you need someone to chat, why don’t you go find Sam“
, Dean thought and rubbed the back of his neck where cold sticky sweat had gathered. He exhaled another stuttering breath.
A scrutinizing glance moved over the sleepy figure’s face when Sam asked, “What happened to your eye?“
Wasn’t it Cas’ signature wardrobe? Wasn’t it what made Cas feel comfortable? Wasn’t it the only human thing he’d ever possessed that meant something to him? Wasn’t it his superhero cape?
a face. There were no arms or legs, but there were eyes and a mouth trying to say something. Something got stuck in Dean’s throat as he realized what he needed to do. Save.
I shot him a look of disapproval, when I realized what he was thinking and not saying out loud. He thought this was cute, he thought my panic was something sweet and overprotective or whatever. When really, it was all but that. I was just worried. A lot.
And when Dean asked to question a couple of the patients, and the nurse agreed, Cas went to walk after Dean again, following him around. Like a damn puppy on a leash.
“Yeah, okay,“ Dean gave, looking at the few outspread sheets of paper on Mr. Brown’s desk. “What else d’you know? Like say, where does he live?“
And perhaps I was just that in your eyes. The burden. Another person in your life you had to protect and save. But I wouldn't stop being in danger, that’s engraved in my story and my being like the word in stone. And every time I would get hurt would just be another time you would feel like failing me, like disappointing me. But the thing is; you can’t save everyone. Especially when someone doesn't want to be saved. And I am this someone. I don’t want you to protect me, I don’t want you to think I was your responsibility. I want to be someone, who backs you up and doesn't back off, and who helps you to live your life into every detail of its horribleness, and even more, to love it.
He needed to calm down. Once again, he wondered if restless and angry was his natural setting now. A nature he’d never wanted to have, yet never had been able to escape. Not really.
But he couldn’t. Not because it was a dream and not because he woke up, not even because this wasn’t real and he knew it. He couldn’t, because he was pulled again, pushed to move by an invisible force that wanted to discover what else there was. That wanted to conquer this realm in a way.
Dean hadn’t said out loud what he thought about that. That in all likelihood it wasn't even a case. That he didn't feel that itch in his gut that he always felt whenever something appeared like their kind of thing. But it had felt like the perfect excuse to, once again, run away. From the thin air coating the bunker nowadays and from his little brother’s infinite questioning about feelings Dean didn't feel, nor felt the need to talk about, or problems that weren’t there. Dean could deal with it himself, thank you very much.
Dean was stalking around in the motel room. He lifted worn clothes on the bed and floor and thrown over the backrests of chairs, rummaged around in his duffel, opened the closet, he even looked under the beds. But it was gone.
Bert’s fingers traced the spines of the many books in the bunker’s library and he wondered if anyone had ever read them all. He was sure he could spend the rest of his life here and just read. But he wasn't sure if he actually wanted to know all they would tell him. The world was already cruel and messy in his eyes, he didn't need to worsen it. Sometimes it’s comforting to know a little less.
The bunker was his home and in fact it did a good job protecting them and serving as a shelter and some sort of base camp. Yet, sometimes, like tonight, even with all the lamps and all the light inside it, it was still darker than the night outside. And it felt cold in a way, because it failed now to keep him warm. Like this damp piece of wood he was sitting on and that cold bottle of beer he was sipping from.
There’s no such thing as true powerfulness and Sam was starting to think that inner demons were nothing other than self-doubts.
“I mean…,“ you began, seemingly not sure yet what you wanted to say. But it didn’t matter to me anyway, I couldn’t listen to you, I couldn’t wait for your conciliations, I had to interrupt.
And when he couldn't bear that pain anymore, Dean hurled it away, and hurled Cas away. Cas landed on the floor, like so many times before. He looked up at him and Dean saw life leaving his beautiful eyes. Even when he wasn't dead.
Dean stirred and opened his eyes to the peaceful ocean in front of him and he sighed and sat up again. He was still swaying and his sight was still blurry and his eyes somewhat unfocussed. But when he looked into Cas’ eyes, there was something determined in his face. A warmth and comfort filled the atmosphere around them like a campfire during a cold night. Dean’s lips twitched that tiny little bit that almost promised a smile and Cas felt himself drowning in the green of those eyes. And in the unspoken words of that voice of the person whose name was his favorite word.
“Dean!“ Cas called and made two or three fast steps towards him and lifted the shelf, as though it was nothing, ignoring the pain in his back.
“Good for you,“ and when you tried to push past me, my hand at your chest stopped you. You tried to get off, but your human muscles didn’t really stand a chance against my inhuman power.
Hazardville was all brickwork and white wood paneling on impossibly green lawns, and there was a smallness and wilderness about this place that cried of old and history. It had originated as an industrial village around the manufacture of gunpowder, using water power in the area of Powder Hollow, and despite its odd name, which, by the way, it got from one Colonel Augustus George Hazard, there seemed to be nothing hazardous about this town. In fact, it seemed entirely peaceful.
A low growl emerged from the hunter’s throat and he shot him a scowl and said, “You go. I stay. You do whatever you want.“
“The rain,“ Bert drawled then, and none of the others seemed to get what he meant. There was always rain, there was always the grey and drab of cloudy sky and dampness and puddles and drops following them everywhere and at any time.
“I didn’t go inside,“ Dean gave back, watching Cas’ face fall. “Or well, at least I don’t remember going inside. I’m not sure.“
Castiel was an angel and he might be an angel for another round of time, but not forever. At some point he would be human and Dean thought, better realize this sooner than later. Cas, though, still seemed stuck in his never ending loop of pretending. Pretending to be able to make it all right by healing himself over and over again. He used up his grace with that, bit by bit, maybe not even keeping track on how much he was using and how much he had left. Like an eternity of pretending — if eternity was something you can have in pieces. But you can’t have a fraction of eternity, a third or a half, it’s something that’s kind of always whole. All or nothing.
, Squirrel.“ Crowley bathed in self-assuredness. “Or else you would’ve done that already. Now, it was nice catching up with you and all, but all good things need to come to an end at some point. Why don’t you just let me out and we forget this little… incident ever happened?“
“Look at you,“ Bert gave back, coffee already in his hand and rummaging around in the fridge, “I didn’t know you know such complicated words like superlative. But the correct expression would be
“I just wanted to make sure you…,“ and before I said it, I swallowed it and knew I had to say it differently, “… you two are okay“
Once inside, he felt like he was somehow in a different time. There was no telling if it was the past or the present or the future, he only knew that he remembered now. He remembered why that train station, that small cubic building with the flat roof and the green-framed windows and the dark door, why it had seemed so familiar to him. It wasn’t a train station, it was a gas station. The very gas station where he had first spoken to Dean. In his true voice that had shattered all the windows and made the Winchester curl up on the floor and bleed from his ears. He’d been mistaken then, back then in the real world.
The Winchester cleared his throat. “Look, uh… I don’t know how to put this, but… but is there, uh…“ He sighed, looked away when Castiel looked back up at him. “Is there something, uh…
Now Dean had no heroes left and the world around them needed one so bad. Monsters didn't hide under their beds anymore, or creep into their dreams. Now those monsters were inside their heads, spreading nightmares in the most random things.
He shouldn't go in, he should go back to that bar, he couldn’t move, but he needed to. He felt tremors of emotion thunder through him, shaking him awake and at the same time into some sort of trance. He shivered because it was cold, but he was also sweating. All that tension and anger, and then denial and the will to avoid doing it. But so many parts of him screamed and longed for it. For a relief, for a way out, for a release of all that pressure, for feeling powerful while he was weak. It was a mess and he was about to lose control. He turned the knob because he couldn’t get over himself. The monster took over.
I came along the hallway, which ended in the big split hall, the entrance area with the big glowing table, where I had been sitting, when you had come back, and the other area, where I always watch you read. I heard you talk, couldn’t make out the words, though. A smile formed on my face, because I hadn’t heard so much of your voice in a long time.
Castiel closed his eyes, then rose and walked out of the room, hearing Sam call after him. Dean cleared his throat and stared at the tabletop, hoping nobody was watching him.
The red and yellow leaves scrunched under his black shoes as he stood in the middle of a clearing in a park. Some trees were almost naked already, some still carried their glory of autumn leaves like a crown on their heads. The sunlight illuminated the place like it was a stage under spotlight, and the wind rustled through the trees and across the grass in a quiet background noise.
“Now, now,“ the other gave back, clicking his tongue in disapproval. “Has Castiel told you about the dream I have given to him?“
He wasn’t sure if it was all those hours of driving, or the ones he’d let Sam drive while he’d been dozing against the passenger’s seat window. Or if it was that same old frustration creeping over and into him like an illness. A new kind of flu that might not actually be there, but still gave him headaches and fever and dimmed down his energy and made him want to sleep for two days straight.
I love, that you send me these little texts. They seem short and meaningless, but for me they mean everything. You wouldn’t have to keep me posted, but you still do it. With little messages. You avoided a “we“ to not remind me of the fact, that you have chosen Sam over me. You told me about your success to share it with me. You made sure that I know you’re going to be with me soon. Little reminders, which were meant to not let me forget, that I am important. Little regards, which seemed lost in the pool of conversation and words, but I will always find them. Just for me. Just for me you take the time for it.
Looking at Cas always felt like dying. He’d died so often already, he’d lost count long ago, and he’d come back just as much. But each time he felt like he was missing another part of himself, another part of his peace. It was as though all that dying and all the dead stares were one big death of him, as though he was dying bit by rotten bit. And he knew, dying people need a reason to wake up in the morning, or else they wouldn’t. So what was his reason?
When Dean didn't reply, only scowled at him, he continued. “Do you think lying in bed will trigger a situation that wouldn't happen anyway?“
“That was hundreds of years ago, dear. And the humans only believed she had a golden tongue and teeth, she didn't actually have.“
You walked towards him and embraced him like an old friend, while Sam only shook his hand. And don’t I understand your brother all of the time, in this moment I felt more bonded to him than ever. I on the contrary was just standing behind you a little away, somehow unpleasantly disturbed, somehow insecure, and observed your interaction with him. I don’t know what I tried to see or not to see, but I know that I didn’t like it. After the usual smalltalk, Rick’s gaze suddenly and unhoped-for found me and I downright felt him examining me and was almost able to read his train of thoughts. He made a head motion in my direction, while he was looking into your eyes far too long, and I didn’t like how you looked at me then. As if I was embarrassing you, or unpleasing, or too much me.
“I am sorry,“ you said, as if I didn't know already, “I have made a mistake. Please don't punish me for it forever.“
Again I got up. In the middle of the night. Barefooted like the nakedness of my ripped will, I went along the hallways of the bunker, the floor cold under my feet, but not uncomfortably. I reached the kitchen and for a moment I stayed in the doorframe. You were sitting at the table like always. But no book in front of you as usual, but coffee. And I wondered why even, because coffee normally didn't have any effect on you. You looked at me, and it was like you were searching the skin you couldn't see underneath my grey bathrobe. The air seemed heavy and yet it was, as if there was finally movement in all the standstill.
Dean sipped from his beer, looked out the window. He crossed his arms, his foot under the table tapping along to his nervous heartbeat. He’d expected this hunt to be easy and done within a few days. Now it’d been two weeks already and reality had proven him wrong. All this was so disappointing, and it’s funny how calm he could be in action and how anxious he was in the quiet.
They found Dean in the war room, resting on the large map table a bag of take-away food. He looked grumpy.
And four, the guy across the table came awfully close to appearing like that 2014 version of Cas. The one in Zachariah’s future vision he’d shown him to coax him into saying yes to Michael. Dean always wondered if Zachariah had known that it hadn’t been the state of war or the poor shape everyone seemed to be in that had convinced him that it was a bad future. What had convinced him was the way the future versions of himself and Cas had interacted. It was a mere hint of a memory in the very back of his head now and it felt like a lifetime ago. Much like Hell or the apocalypse. That future felt incredibly long ago.
Dean exhaled a sharp breath and turned, muttering something under his breath. He heard stomping feet behind him and the door. Bert left and Sam stood there in the middle of the room throwing down his arms, exasperated and shaking his head.
“So uhm, Cas…,“ Sam began and just now I remembered again, that he was here, too. I looked at him and waited. But there followed… nothing. His gaze moved to you and I saw how you practically tried to make him understand telepathically, that he should say something. But he didn’t. A deep sigh pushed out of your lungs.
Cas’ hand moved from the shoulder towards the hunter’s chest and hovered there. Just in time he thought better of it than to touch him anywhere that wasn’t his shoulder. His face built all the questions he wanted to shoot at Dean, demanding all the things Dean was and did and could. There was a particular flash in the blue pair of eyes that said
“I bet you’ve seen a lot of cool stuff. You must have a ton of stories to tell. What’s the coolest thing you’ve ever seen?“
Funny how rapidly things could change with just one simple lead. Hunting was a job after all, and finishing a job made you feel good, right? And even when they hadn't finished anything yet, they were one step closer to do so and that did feel good.
Sam was with Bert, because Dean claimed to have a headache and Cas claimed to prefer staying in his room. They’d questioned Anne Newman, the victim’s seventeen-year-old daughter. Again, there was no trace of sulfur this time, so either the demon became more careful or it was another demon or that particular connection was a dead end altogether.
The sight that met his eyes was almost the weirdest thing he’d witnessed in a long time. He stood in the doorway. The room was clad in stainless steel and cozy in its coldness and the shiny tiles covering the walls were stained with all the history this place held. It smelled like soap and there was a false kind of peace in the air that almost drowned out the quiet clatter.
“Good morning, sunshines!“ Bert cheered as he came in, stretching his arms over his head and smiling his million watt smile. “I had the bestest of sleep, guys!“
Your phone rang and I startled out of my train of thoughts back into here and now. You answered it and your expression changed from calm and relaxed, and perhaps even a bit tired, to confused, to shocked, to devastated, within a few seconds. I assumed annihilation and in the inside prepared for it, came around and to a decision. Until you looked at me, with the phone still at your ear. Your lids briefly implied a tired closing, as if they tried to make the said words easier, but weren’t allowed to. As you ended the call with a rough sound, I found tears in your eyes, which disappeared again so fast that I could have never noticed them, if I wouldn't be staring at you without blinking. As if you had sucked them back into your skull with all your will power, something that seemed impossible to me, and yet I could witness it all the time.
Dean gave him a lopsided smile, then looked away. “Yeah, maybe, but it’s not like I’d talk to you about things like that.“
“Which part? The we don’t need you part, or the Sam and you part?“ I gave back and I admit it was snappier than I intended to. Maybe I should have just listened to you and withstand my urge to say something. But I couldn’t help myself, I had to, I wanted to. There was so much anger inside me, because you didn’t want me with you. Because you don’t need me. And I was so angry that you could leave me behind like that and be without me, while I was here and needed you and couldn’t stand, that you didn’t see, how much you need me, too.
And when he exhaled he felt Castiel’s tension decrease a little and he tried again. He tucked at the trench coat and it slipped down over the shoulders and to the ground.
And I really wondered, what was the matter with you? I was holding you, protecting you, did everything for you. I was here to save you, from all the fear and panic, from the disaster of your life, from your nightmares and not least from yourself. From you, your life, and from all of it. While you, inevitably and evidently, thought that you were not worth saving. Instead you seemed to have decided that it was easier to abandon yourself to someone, who couldn't save you. Because much more important was that you didn't have to save him as well. And it destroyed me that I was here to watch over you and you didn't let me.
Dean shot up and Cas flinched so much by that sudden movement that he stood up as well. A hunter and his prey. They stared at each other, irritation on the one side and promises on the other. And Dean lost it.
Dean didn’t realize how much time went by. But when he did, he turned his face to Cas’ neck and couldn't help but inhale all that was coming off him. Sweat and heat and still something weirdly human that Dean couldn't quite place.
The Winchesters stared at him in surprise, while Bert sank back down onto his stool. Dean scanned the ex-angels face, then said, “Well, uh… could be. Could also mean a dozen other things, though. How can you be so sure?“
Sam threw up his hand in Bert’s general direction. “Right. That, too. I don’t know about it for sure, but it could become a problem.“
Cas’ eyes followed him as he heard the distant sound of Sam and Bert talking to the woman. And he felt like not only Dean took off. Something else took off. Something closed. He recognized some gate, some driveway, when he arrived at the space. Cas sat down, and Dean set off. And Cas imagined he’d look over at the closed door and Dean would come back, and he wanted to have the choice.
I heard your naked feet on the cold ground and soon found you in the doorway. Your body covered by your grey bathrobe. Good, because too much of your skin would probably be far too much for my tempted eyes. We slowly found us back, and even when it sometimes felt somehow sluggish, short steps, no matter how long they took, were still better than no movement at all.
He put his phone away, closing his eyes. He took a breath he didn't want, and the smell of old and used furniture and a hundred different strangers climbed up his nose. The world was crashing down on him and maybe that was what made his head hurt so much. His life collapsed, his heart shut down. A lockdown in the most hopeless of times. His mind’s attempt to save at least a piece of him. But Dean didn't want to be saved.
Guilt kept creeping under his skin like a parasite. So at some point Sam decided to go talk to Cas again and bring him something to eat. Cas hadn't left his room the entire morning. He knocked on the door and when no one answered he opened it and stepped inside, a bowl of Cas’ favorite cereal in his hand.
A guy in a heavy dark wool cloak and a hat was coming in through the door. The bell above the entrance announced his arrival. Here for another meal, a stop to rest during his trip or his own little adventure or even only a rest during a normal day.
And it filled me with everything I could dare to ask for, that the first thing you did, after you had entered your bunker, was to look for me. As if you needed me to recharge, to come home, to fully arrive. To really know you’re save. And I can be that for you. Your peace pole.
“I know it’s a setback. A massive one even. And I’m not even close to being able to imagine how you feel right now, but…,“ you babbled along with seemingly no end, “… you will get through this.“
He crossed his arms and leaned back. Another Everything he didn’t understand. Some moments passed and the silence inside them started haunting Dean again. So he looked to his right, against all reason, and found an abashed frown.
That aching burn in his chest started pounding again and shooed away all the calm he’d had before. His inside made demands to be released, urged him to yell it out and push through the door.
I was sitting on one of the chairs at one of the neatly arranged, dark wooden tables, with the little lamps on them, in the bunker that is my home. I was reading in a thick, old book. My eyes moved across the old pages and it was quiet around me. Quiet, but not all silent. I had an observer, who wasn't quiet enough to be only that. I heard you breathe, I could even almost hear you blink, and even when apart from that you didn't really move at all, I could even hear that, your no-movements. And it bothered me that you were here, and it made me angry that you seemed to be waiting for it all to be as usual. I would have a realization and you would think it was yours.
Dean, though, hated storms. He took a deep breath before getting out of the Impala and ran towards the concrete block building like he was running for his life, Castiel right behind him. Inside, Dean ran a hand through his soaked hair and as he gazed over he found the angel all dry and shiny.
You stared into my eyes, and even when it might have looked like I was staring back, I really wasn’t. I was stuck in my own head, thinking, considering, pondering. I was so tired of fighting, so tired of having to go through such things, losing people over and over again. One may think I had gotten used to it by now, but death is something you never get used to. We try to handle it, try to cope with it, and whether our way of dealing with it is good or bad, that’s up to us to decide. I had chosen my way of dealing long ago and sometimes it worked and sometimes it really didn’t.
“I’m sorry,“ I said. It’s almost absurd, the fact that only, when we know that someone is about to die, find the true greatness and courage to say all we think. And I could do that, I could tell him everything, because he wouldn't be able anymore to tell anyone about it. I told him that it wasn't about him, but that he still was a problem for me and you. I told him that I had to sacrifice him, so you and me would be able to grow. And I told him that there was nothing he could have done to change anything about that fact. Shortly after that his eyes closed. Dead. As painless as I was able to. The jealousy inside me said let him suffer, the heart, though, said let him go. I knew his soul would rest in peace in heaven and that he, someday, would probably understand that his death wasn't the worst part of his life.
There was a threat somewhere inside him and Cas was scared he had asked one question too many. Dean’s hand got hold of his arm and squeezed it, tight and desperate.
Sam and Bert were brooding over the lore about Anansi, and Castiel wondered why they even bothered. Dean, sitting across from him, his shoulders hanging and his head lowered, couldn't stop wiping his palms at the t-shirt he’d put back on. He seemed to be the only one understanding they were about to die.
He was breathing calmly, but inside his head there was chaos. Each and every braincell was trying to figure out what had happened, where it had started, and most importantly, why. The only thing he found was a distant memory of himself, cowering in some corner and covering his face with his arms. He was a child, small and bony, and there was his dad thrashing down on him. He wondered what he’d done to deserve that, but dismissed this thought right away. John hadn't needed a reason.
He remembered how he’d thought to know him, how he’d grown to love him like family. How he’d sworn to himself, at some point, to never leave him and never lose him. How he’d always save him, no matter the cost, the way he’d always save his brother. And suddenly he even remembered again, all he’d done to this man.
He’d been waiting all his life for someone to discover his real self and now he feared someone actually did.
“You don’t understand!“ said the first person that entered, waving his hands about over his head, his breathing fast, as thought he’d run here. “Some things
“Yup,“ I just replied, because all that rising fear inside me seemed to jump at my throat and make me lose the ability to speak.
“So, I thought we’d start looking for Anansi where it all started,“ Sam said, finally sitting down with them.
“Who is that?“ you asked confusedly and turned to look at me. I felt your eyes so close to my face, your breath grazing my skin in a soft wave of warm air and your scent in my nose, inhaling it like a drug I had too long denied. Our noses almost touched, as I looked back into your eyes and almost forgot about what I had come here for. The moment I remembered again, I turned away and back to the piece of paper in your lap and pointed at the bottom left corner, concerned I would fall over if I bended any more over you. I felt your chest against my arm, your heartbeat and your breathing, as if I was trying to check if you were still alive or real. Felt your breath against my neck now, tickling and giving me goosebumps all over. I was only half doing it on purpose, I told myself, when really, I fully did. I needed to feel you near me, because I hadn't for a long time.
“There you are,“ Dean almost snarled. For only a split second, his eyes flickered to the angel and his expression turned even more annoyed. His clothes looked awfully muddy with dried dirt, his hair stood up in all directions, but he didn't seem to care.
And I’ve known from the beginning that this is not friendship. That I haven't given it all up to be your friend. That I haven't gone through all this only for that. It’s something else. Because this is not how friends treat each other, this is not the nature of friends, neither the words we’ve said, nor the way we’ve said them. Friends discuss, friends find a common denominator, friends agree to disagree. And friends accept that. But we don’t. We intervene in our businesses, we intervene everywhere. We don’t act after belief and after sense and reason. Here between us there’s no space for reason. We are overwhelmed and driven by feelings. Emotions have taken over, and that’s not something friends do.
Sam knitted his brows and drew his phone. “Not the best time for jokes, Bert,“ he muttered as he scrolled through his contacts.
With all the newness of having someone here for the first time, which, with all their marveling stares and glittering eyes, usually made Dean proud of his home, it only slipped past him in a dull swoosh of a moment. He didn’t care.
Cas opened his mouth as though to say something, but the slightly irritated look in Dean’s face that was potent enough to burst into anger made him shut up. He trained his eyes back to Bert.
His arousal turned into fear. That one enemy of his that was always with him. Maybe it didn't matter now and maybe he was losing his mind over something so random, but right then, he remembered his father’s words again.
Dean looked up again at the retrieving backside of him and that speck of guilt welled up inside him again.
Sam realized that Cas wouldn't talk. He would have to give him some time. He would have to take care of him, make him feel better. And he’d protect him better than he’d protected Dean. He would make it right this time.
“Yeah, think about it,“ Sam answered. “He rules over the weather and the ocean, doesn’t that sound like someone who could make it rain all the time and create thunderstorms and earthquakes, or make an ocean burn?“
I wasn’t okay. I was pretty damn far from okay. My whole life I had believed that what we do was important, no matter what it cost, no matter who we lost, whether it was my dad or Bobby or whoever else. And I would take the hit, but kept on fighting, because I believed that we were making the world a better place. And now I didn't know anymore. I didn't believe anymore. And I didn't even know if a win would do the trick this time and put me back on my feet.
Sam sighed and leaned onto the roof as well. “Well, I know why you think that, but… Dean isn’t always like this, you know. He’s actually very kind-hearted and nice.“
“Yeah,“ Sam said, rubbing his chin. “Maybe some sort of warrior? Warriors are often compared to lions, right? And that would make him both fearless and broken. It also says
Dean shot him a frown, trying to read his face. Something had definitely hit him in his brain. His sight was blurry and full of dark spots, and he thought he’d just heard his brother cut him off in the middle of admitting all his mistakes.
“What you’re worried about then?“ he asked, looking away. Was he smarter now, or was he not? Either way, he felt numbed, felt like the moment washed over him and washed him away, as though he wasn't even present anymore. Get it over with. Get through it alive and breathing and then stuff it back to where it came from and never talk about it again. Yet, he felt dead already. Shot in a way,
And I remember when I sat in the kitchen in the middle of the night, still confused and angry and desperate, and you came to me. With my favorite drink for bad times I was sitting cross-legged on top of the table, staring at my fingers and considering whether or not it would suck just as much to lose one of them. You slowly stepped into the room and sat down on the chair in front of me then, but I didn't really pay as much attention to you as I should have.
“It seems.“ Carl answered. Then he smirked and added, “But now that I think about it, there’s one thing coming to my mind just now.“
Sometimes I wondered, what all of this was. Why you even were so important to me. And whether you actually weren't a burden. A burden on my shoulders I had to carry and bear. Something that had gotten lost into my life and couldn't be imagined away anymore, for the only and simple reason that it had been here for so long. Like a stain I couldn't wash off anymore, not even with all the rain around us. And it hurt knowing that I didn't have you anymore. That I couldn't run away from my dreams anymore and to you, that you weren't this shelter for me any longer. And almost could I feel that pain physically as well, like the proverbial heartache, as if it demanded to be felt so badly, that it overcame the mask and put my body in alert, only to be paid attention to.
“I know,“ you answered, as our eyes met. It felt like there was some kind of energy being exchanged between us that seemed to do both, heal me and calm me down. And there it was, the thing more I had spoken about. You and I, we were like the ship and its lifeboat, like the gas pedal and the break, like a lock and its key. Like the balloon and its string. You saved me from drowning, kept me from crashing, opened me up and understood me in a way no one did. You were the one keeping me from taking off and giving in and falling down the abyss. Like the light for my darkness. We were just better together.
And sometimes he wished someone would beat him up for that. So he could be the victim again, instead of the committer, the way it used to be. Having his ill thoughts and sick feelings beaten out of him. Kill that monster.
Dean knew he didn't believe him. But in their world you couldn’t afford to be blind to such things for the mere comfort of not knowing.
And you were thinking about it and for a moment it seemed like you would understand. But then you said, “I don’t need him,“ and my guts began to spin painfully by this colossal lie you dared to say out loud just like that, “He needs me“
Writing is something magical itself. It can be inspiring and invigorating and even therapeutic, but most importantly, writing calms you down. Now, the kind of writing Dean did wasn’t that elaborate type or even the kind creating a story, it was merely a list of some sorts. A list he’d started long ago and couldn't stop working on. But it was just that, calming.
to fight it, needed to fight the victim he was himself. He needed to fight what he hated. He needed to feel worthy enough to win, he needed to be the winner. Control was what he needed. Because the world was violent and only fighting was a working strategy. And the monster was his sword.
Dean leaned back against the headpiece of his bed and crossed his arms. “Okay. Apart from the fact that you seriously read too much, let’s say you’re right. How does that help us? Are we hunting a book geek monster, or what? A librarian gone rogue?“
“You know,“ you suddenly began and put down the newspaper next to you on the bed, “we could as well talk about it“
His eyes scanned the surface, every movement, every sound, every anything. But he couldn't find the person in need of his help. Then he felt it. A soft brush at his leg at first, his eyes darted downwards, but he could see absolutely nothing through the dark of the water and the lack of light. Then a hit, harder, then a grip, tighter, and then it pulled.
“Dean?“ I heard the muffled sound of Sam’s husky voice. I rose and opened the bathroom door to find him still half-lying on his bed and moving his hair out of his face, staring at me through half open tired eyes.
The scent coming off him. The warmth radiating from his body. His hand on his neck. His fingers resting behind his ear. His breath grazing his face. The gloss and blue of his eyes. The closeness of his lips. And Dean almost leaned in. Almost gave in. Almost crumbled and fell into him.
Dean’s head crashed onto Cas’ shoulder and lulled to and fro and then into his lap where it finally settled. His hand clawed into his thigh and a mixture of breathing and muttering emerged into the air around them.
“Listen, Cas,“ I started anew, and again you seemed to do nothing else than that, “that might just have come across in a wrong way“
You rubbed your eyes and got up. Sleepily you slurped into the hallways and towards the kitchen. You would get yourself coffee and start the day how I latterly ended it. With a bittersweet taste on your tongue. I followed you unnoticed and found you in that very kitchen, stopping, as if you searched for something.
“That’s not— He’s not—,“ Dean stammered, his eyes dropping to the wooden ground under his bare feet. “He’s not
But it wasn't like they could do anything about it. And anyway, if that guy actually wanted something from them, he wouldn't just grill them here and let them die. That’s the only advantage you get of some dick creature having an interest in you and making their stupid games about you. You don’t just get killed off like any other peasant along their way. Probably, Dean thought, he had to play the game to win it.
The bunker went into lockdown. He moved into the war room. His eyes darted around over the human technic devises and the human alarm system, and all of a sudden, streaming through him in unison, was all the human panic. He touched the apparatus and closed his eyes, as though to talk to it. There was a thunderstorm outside, a violent one. And then it hit him.
And Dad’s diary that carries so much history in it. Its brown leather cover, which has been engraved in my palms’ memory, since as far as I can think back. Its content, which shows how screwed up my life is and how much cruelty and death it contains, even alone the death of its author one of the most horrible things I’ve ever had to experience. And then I heard quiet steps on the dark wooden floor in that room. My hand cautiously moved underneath my pillow to the gun that always lies there, as a measure of protection maybe, but also as if I could shoot the nightmares out of my head, figuratively, but maybe also someday in the truest sense of the word.
Dean had lost the ability to breathe properly. He felt like he was inhaling steam instead of proper air. He’d lost the memory of how it felt not to sweat, his t-shirt so soaked that it had turned a darker shade of grey entirely. He’d lost so much liquid from his body, he couldn’t stop drinking water. Water. The last time he’d drunk so much water was when he’d climbed out of his own grave. He felt so dried out that every drop of it seemed like a drop on hot stone, instantly sizzling away into the steam he was breathing in.
“You’re welcome, Dean.“ Bert still smiled at him with that goofy face and looked like he’d done something important on his bucket list. “Let’s talk now, shall we?“
“You know what those are? Quotes. The first one’s from J.D. Salinger’s “The Catcher in the Rye“ and the second from “The Old Man and the Sea“ by Ernest Hemingway.“
And in a way I didn't even know myself what I meant by “it“. It, your words being true? Or it, the fact that I would get through this? Or it, the thing between us? Probably a bit of all three. And then I allowed you to put your hand on my cheek, your thumb slightly stroking it and your eyes burying all my emotions, just for a brief instant, just enough to make me feel like I could get over it and get back onto my feet.
“I told you, the bunker is under some sort of spell,“ he said quietly. “I can’t do anything, if that is what you are wondering.“
It was raining outside when Dean hit a bar. Nobody had even asked any questions when he’d said he was going out, but it wasn't like there was anything to do for him. Let them do their nerding and him do his drinking. To each his own.
He had ash in his lungs. With every breath he could feel it rattling and hurting, it was so hard to breathe. He was suffocating. He was suffocating with every step he made through this godforsaken land, with nowhere to go and nowhere to arrive.
It was wrong in so many ways, Dean thought, yet he wasn't able to grasp why. Pondering is something bizarre. Your brain works and works to find out about something. You already know it or you should know it or you think you have to know it. You push your mind to flick through endless files, without knowing if the one you’re searching for even exists. As though you were running without knowing where.
was he smiling? He tried to see beyond and have a look into that head, the way Cas always did it. He wanted to understand why the fuck he was smiling at him. Like Dean was a good person and a friend and someone you would smile at. But Dean knew he didn’t deserve that smile, because he was not and because he did those horrible things.
Last night had been tough. Still recovering from their seventeen hour near-death experience, some new implications had filled Dean’s mind. Cas was being weird about that stupid riddle, and Sam and Bert obviously oblivious. Dean wondered if he was the only one aware of the elephant in the room.
After his fit of rage that had left Dean with a nice black eye, John went back outside. Through the ugly curtains Dean watched him sit down in the motel’s garden and drink a beer. The sunlight beaming down on him made him look younger and the birds screeched and sang and John didn’t pay any attention. He came back far calmer and then he was their father again.
There was, surprisingly, no rain at all in Lebanon, or even anywhere in Kansas. Though, it hadn’t felt like driving into the sun the way it should have. It felt like the same tristesse in a different wardrobe.
His brother shut his laptop and leaned over the table, his forearms settling on the tabletop. Bert looked up, too, and Dean felt like sending him out, but stopped himself from saying so. Cas radiated some sort of secret scent of fear in his direction, some secret code only Dean could decipher. And he wondered if that sensation was a leftover of his little time as a lion. No, it was concern, not fear. Or maybe both.
My bitter disrespect ate me up, and yet, it was the one thing that actually felt real. Our We was dying, because it was time. Not eternal anymore, not forever, not even for now. Dead and dark like space and the night and like everything bad in the world. And yet, I was scared I might miss it. Because no matter how bad something is, the end of it feels just as horrible and inconvenient as the end of something good. Because the end of something means ‘never again‘ and the reason why we can’t handle ’never again‘ is that we desperately cling to everything we can’t have, and sometimes we want it only when it seems unreachable. Only when it’s dying. And to know that I might still want it was more frightening than every monster ever having threatened my life. As if there was still this little flame, this tiny spark, which in fact was hardly burning, but could still inflame it all. And it wasn't the flame, but the possible major fire I was really afraid of.
But Dean didn’t remember how he’d ended up sitting on his bed and waiting for something. Maybe for the rain to stop again. Maybe for Sam or even Bert. Maybe he was waiting for them to come back?
The atmosphere in the room was dusty, yet aglow somehow, coppery in a way, as though the air was made of iron and rusting. No matter the bright color of dawn, against the brownish wallpaper and the wooden furniture Sam still looked like an exclamation mark. Two beds stood against said brown wall, quiet and neat, like dead limbs hanging onto the body of this dead room. The bright light of the exaggerated plastic chandelier seemed to try and give some color to the grey and brown of the interior, but the only thing it did was making a joke out of this room.
I decided to get up. Quietly I stepped along the hallways towards the kitchen. I stood in the doorway, the bit of light almost still too bright for my by darkness still widened pupils. And I found you sitting at the table. In front of you some book you didn't pay attention to anymore. I sensed your eyes on my bare torso and for a moment I felt more naked than I actually was. My hand moved over my chest, as if to strip you off it, and you found back to my tired eyes.
Like it’s said in the Corinthians: Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass way. For we know in part and we prophesy in part, but when completeness comes, what is in part disappears. When I was a child, I talked like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child. When I became a man, I put the ways of childhood behind me. For now we see only a reflection as in a mirror; then we shall see face to face. Now I know in part; then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known. And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.
Cas did, too, agree with him. And even when that wasn’t so much of a surprise, it still surprised Dean to find them looking at him with some sort of expectation and listening to him, so easily. When had that happened? It struck him, having everyone’s ears — at least those of the ones that counted — so suddenly and without even having to raise his voice and get irritated and be a threat. He didn’t know what to do with that. It was their only angle to go at this right then, but Dean felt like no matter how obvious the things he suggested were, they never really got heard until they’d tried everything else first.
“Do you remember that girl with the golden tongue and teeth?“ he asked, looking across the clearing at a particularly gorgeous oak tree outdoing all the other trees around.
Dean’s eyes flickered downwards onto his friend’s chest for only a split second, then back up to his big eyes. They looked somewhere in between anxious confusion and considering this some entirely new great idea. Dean looked away.
The low and even tone of talking next to him made Dean start to relax a little. His lids fell down to half-mast and he lost all the tension in his muscles. He felt like a child that lost his puppy. Or like he somehow lost himself. His hands fumbled with the almost empty bottle between his thighs. Then a sudden thought interrupted the peaceful quiet in the air and his head jerked to his angel.
Castiel walked up to the tiny house that had two chimneys, swathes of fume emerging into the air. Someone was home. He hesitated, not sure if he wanted to go inside, or if he even should. There was a wooden bench next to the door on the porch with a side table. And there rested a mug of fine china, all ivory white and filigree blue patterns. He took it and turned it in his hands. It had been broken, maybe someone had dropped it, cracks and fissures corrupting its shape. But it had been repaired, glued back together with gold, of all things. You could see the damage, but it was still beautiful, maybe even more so than before. Some unexpected courage rose inside him and he opened the door.
“Yes?“ you said and I turned around. The corners of my mouth winced with the try to suppress my smile.
A waitress was mopping the white-tiled floor with an old mop. You could see where she was done and where she still needed to go. The glossy traces of soap water split the place in two areas. Clean and unclean. It was as though she was preparing the place for important company.
He could feel his brother shift on his seat, his breathing loud as the engine. And when he eventually opened his eyes again and sat up, he found Sam’s face grimacing. He didn't believe Dean knew anything.
As he had the doorknob in his sweaty palm and felt his shoulders tense, he stopped again. He wondered why Cas would encourage him, wondered why he never stopped him. He wondered what he’d gone to Cas for in the first place.
“That makes sense.“ Castiel said when the Winchester paused. “You have been trapped in the cage with him for a very long time, Sam.“
The Impala’s black frame came to a halt in a gravel driveway in front of a large white building with grey roofs and many windows. The lawn and the lavender bushes to both sides of the stairs leading to its main entrance were lovingly tended to. The damp and cool autumn air fogged up the surroundings in this early morning and made everything, no matter how peaceful it felt here, look haunted.
“There was a house in my dream, too.“ Cas said after some time, looking back up from under his lashes.
Dean didn’t remember how he’d ended up on Cas’ lap or how and when he’d even fallen asleep. He only remembered that he should give a certain bar a wide berth and that Cas was with him now and that they hadn't gotten anywhere closer to solving any of their three cases.
A little reluctant, he slipped off the Bel Air and into the water. It was so much colder than it looked, reached up to his chest, and he was soaked completely within seconds. Suppressing a shiver, he moved towards the door, a hint of dark iron against the stone wall.
Their wood seemed to touch him while passing by, though he never actually touched any of them. They radiated heat and a foulness he couldn't quite grasp. But something touched his face and arms while he passed, and maybe it were hands after all. They touched him and lit him on fire, and somehow it was still them burning and blazing where their fingers met his skin. Or did his fingers meet theirs? There were no burns or any charred spots in their wood, but Castiel thought to know they could feel it just as much as he could.
“Whose blood was it, Cas?“ I asked and put all my energy in the try to stay as calm as possible. And surprisingly successfully. More or less. I already knew the answer, at least I thought so. Really, I only asked out of politeness. Or maybe I still had something inside me like hope to be wrong.
I remember how easy that hunt was. We had burst into some shady ramshackle barn, found them sleeping and unexpecting the attack, chopped off one head after another and then, for that building didn't belong to anyone and it was easier this way, blew the whole place up, walking out like the heroes we were, expressions of victory in our faces. After that we were sitting in some bar and celebrating the win of today. It was one of those greasy drinking holes where all sorts of miserable folks spent their nights. Some grasping to their half-empty bottles of beer at the bar, muttering about to the pitiable barkeeper, who sure as hell heard the same stories every night, some gathering in the back corner in half shadow, reminiscing about how great their lives used to be, and some others half-drunk playing pool in the other corner. The place was dark and unattractive, though had some kind of charm to it, with all the pictures of people I didn't recognize, and stuff like collage pennants or license plates nailed to the wooden walls. In its own weird and seedy kind of way it was comfortable and homey even.
“Huh,“ the younger Winchester made, staring down at his book that he lifted a bit, as though he needed to see the words bigger to make them right.
Why did Dean do anything? Often, Dean did what he thought was the right thing. Sometimes he acted on his gut feeling. But sometimes, Sam thought, Dean’s actions were plain unreasonable. Sudden thoughts and impulses, or throwing a Hail Mary, driven by determination and by feelings he claimed not to have. And sometimes Dean just didn’t seem to care.
And there it was then, our dynamic. Your image of me has become so important to me that I’ve forgotten everything around me. Everything I have ever known, everything I have experienced, everything I have understood, and everything I have been. We’ve developed our own language, our own kind of way to treat each other. And I would word it nicer, but there is no nicer word for blackmail. Because that’s what it was. Something we both often did to influence each other. Blackmail and threats. You only and alone had to say that you wouldn't talk to me anymore or wouldn't want to have anything to do with me anymore, and instantly I’ve made a complete turnaround and changed my mind. That easily. That pure.
“Nah,“ Bert gave back, a stiff smile on his lips. “I’m just kinda… scared in the dark, you know? I’d rather be scared on the passenger’s seat than behind the wheel where I could get us both killed.“
So while he sat in the obscure light of the bunker’s library with a ton of books and Men of Letters files in front of him, he had all the treasury of knowledge and still knew nothing. He ran a hand over his face and felt the sweat coating his palm and fingers. Not for the first time he wished he had any sorts of powers. Not the sort he’d had when he’d been high on demon blood. But what he could do with the powers he’d had as Lucifer had been inside him. Or had he been inside Lucifer?
He thought back to that one moment a couple of years ago, when he’d looked at Cas and realized they’d become friends. They were in Bobby’s backyard and Cas turned around to him, the South Dakota summer sun burning down and making his dark hair glow and his eyes look like pebble stones, so light were they. And then Cas smiled, and Dean thought he almost looked like a human being. And then he thought,
“Oh, he can fight, trust me,“ I said, while my eyes moved to the ground and I had to smile with the mere memory of all the times you had fought heroically. You had pulled me out of the dirt so incredibly often already and saved me, I had lost count, and I wouldn't even know where to begin explaining how much of a fighter you were.
The man sized him up. “I know you, Dean Winchester.“ He said in that calm voice that made all of Dean’s hair stand on end. He had no detectable accent, but his way of speaking appeared plummy, though still silvery, as in clear and pleasant. “Not in the usual sense, that is. But I know who you are.“
Dean looked at him, a frown building between his eyebrows. “It wasn’t that often, Sam. It’s what dads do to keep their sons in line.“
“Which part? The we don’t need you part, or the Sam and you part?“ you gave back and it was snappier than I had expected. I felt my hand becoming a fist, how the anger over your words rose inside me and how I almost had the urge to just punch you in the face. I was here to sort things out, to nip the incoming problem in the bud, maybe even to make you understand that there actually, if we’re honest, was no problem at all. There was so much rage inside me. And I barely had any control over my words anymore.
Abandoned buildings had always been a part of his life. Sometimes he would find monsters hiding in them while on a hunt with his dad. Sometimes he would hide from monsters while his dad wasn’t there. But the good memories were those involving him and Sam spending the night in some ramshackle warehouse. Sometimes their father would decide it was time for another survival training unit and send them out into the woods or wherever else to stay alive by themselves.
And that made him angry. That sort of anger that comes abruptly, that ignites a spark inside you. His fingers around his glass started shaking and there was that burning twitch in his chest, boiling its way up into his throat. At first it was only a tiny flame, barely hearable, barely there. But then it grew and his hands started shaking more violently and his breathing went frantic and a raging nausea was crawling about in his conscious, and then it transformed into waves and waves of uncontrolled fire, rising inside him like fever.
“Something’s wrong with you, isn't it? First the jacket, then the parking lot, now the necklace. You keep forgetting things.“
And then there was an interesting person. She sported a short skirt and a black tanktop and her hair was golden. She had that look to her eyes that said she was sweet and dangerous and that attitude that made it impossible to tell if she was flirting or starting a fight.
Sam’s voice, and that made something shatter inside Dean. “Please don’t say my name like that.“ He begged.
“Yes, I…,“ I stammered, but didn't finish my sentence. I wanted to say that I don't want you to leave, but something kept me from it. I didn't know what I want, not really. I only knew that I didn't want this. That you would go somewhere, to someone, and do something. I was aware that you needed a win, because after all you always need that. As if our thing wasn't enough of a win. But that’s not what it was about. It wasn't even about the hunting itself, about the vampires or your madness around them. It wasn't about seeing your glow and your satisfaction, and god, god knows how much I love that glow. I didn't want you to go and leave me here, alone with myself, in this big bunker, our home. And even when I could come with you, I still didn't want it. I didn't know this Rick and I didn't know the situations we could get ourselves into. It was like chaos and disaster and a bad feeling in my stomach and in my heart and it stung and almost even hurt and I felt like I would do something for the first time and yet already know that I didn't like it, and my surroundings would spin around me like earth around sun and the moon around earth, and yet it would nevertheless be too much movement inside our silence, and everything seemed to waver around me and I didn't want anything more than to hold it tightly and protect it, because so fragile and breakable were we and so much fear had I for us.
Maybe for comfort Dean reached to his bare chest. His fingers closed around air. He looked down and there was nothing. He blinked and narrowed his eyes, trying to remember why there wasn’t a necklace resting against his skin.
There are different kinds of love and character traits to them, too. One. We can feel attracted to each other for bodily traits and just love to make each other orgasm and are lost in the sweaty tantalizing passionate temptation of the sensation itself, which is nice and just as addicting as love, even if it’s not the thing itself.
Early morning’s shy light drew triangular shapes into the room and the rain had let up. Cas hadn’t slept this night and in the grey and drab of the dusty air and the smell of old carpeting he felt his head was heavy. Sam and Bert were sleeping in the second room and all was quiet. It was a silence he didn’t trust.
Cas sighed and fixed his eyes. “Monsters aren’t born, Dean. They are created. You of all people should know that better than anyone.“
So I went to the real hide-out and made quick work of it. Further explanations are irrelevant, as that ghoul didn’t mean a thing. I did it just for you. Meanwhile you and Sam were sneaking around at some graveyard nearby. Too easy. I knew from the beginning that Sam would see through this too obvious false front, admittedly not my best diversionary tactic. It’s not even that Sam is smarter than you, Dean, it’s just that he lacks that almost unblinded, beautiful trust. You take a hint for the very thing it is, an appeal, just go at it. Sam thinks too much. Sam sees too many doubts, in everything around him. You on the other hand are pure and logical and ready. And I love that.
cold. He heaved himself out of it and onto the rain-soaked grass. The muddy earth gave in under his shoulder and he was shaking so much that he didn’t even feel his heart’s pounding. His lower lip was dancing a tremor as he wrapped his arms around his middle in a protective, if useless, embrace.
Another type of silence. Dean remembered lying on the roof of the Impala with Sam when they were kids. Looking up into the night sky and watching stars without talking. In those moments they’d seen the same world. In those moments they’d had the same childhood, the same life. Then in other moments, they’d been as separated as they could be. Their father had done that. He’d always pull Dean away and treat him differently and raise him to something else entirely. Always making everything Dean’s fault.
Dean turned off the engine of his car and cleared his throat. He fumbled with his black tie and watched a particularly uninteresting spot on the lawn. He felt uneasy. Concentration seemed to be slipping out of him like sweat in summer, as he was trying hard to focus on anything but the man sitting shotgun.
Dean couldn't concentrate. He kept ending up on the page about Wendigos, as if Wendigos had anything to do with it. Cas was
That part of him that could fight the other part. The one that thought it was better to make victims than to be one. The one that thought it was better to fight someone else than to fight himself. The one that had made Cas follow him and corrupted him so much that it had made the man who had once been an angel make all those heavenly mistakes. The one that couldn't bear the fact that he was the one to blame for Cas’ fall.
. Then again, that’s probably what they’re going for. The broad variety of choice. The miracle of a thousand things hidden behind a single word.
“Castiel,“ a deep unfamiliar voice said. The figure stepped closer, and when Cas made out the blurry shape of his face he found he’d never seen that man before.
It was the day after, when I was packing in my room. I was stuffing clothes and other things into my bag. So excited and full of anticipation, I was almost hurrying a little too much. I heard a knock on my doorframe and soon after saw you come in. I smiled at you and absent-mindedly tightened the hold on the red-brown plaid shirt in my hands. I rolled and twisted it around, as if I needed something to play with, for my hands needed occupation. My face must have looked somewhat strange to you, because you seemed really puzzled and distracted. I desperately waited for you to say something, but you appeared to be just as lost for words as I was. Minutes passed with us both awkwardly standing there in silence, looking into each other’s eyes. It would have almost been amusing, if it wasn't for something I discovered in your look. I wasn't able to fully recognize it, but it was somewhere near something like fear.
When I had sent the message, I looked up and knitted my brows, because I didn't understand the question. There is no Why here, just a Because. I didn't need a reason to text you. You’re important. And maybe I would be just as important to you and maybe that importance would be just as infinite as your existence then. Maybe someday I would stop being a tiny spot on the map of your life. And maybe I would mean something then. And maybe alone that meaning would make something supernatural out of me.
“I’m sorry, Dean,“ I said therefore, meaning my actual action you didn't know about, but pretending to mean something else.
He looked at Cas then and noticed that the bruise under his eye was nearly gone. You could almost pretend it had never been there in the first place. And then for the first time in weeks, he didn't remember everything he’d done and didn't feel tense and didn't feel guilty. He also didn't remember his desperate moments in which he’d been really aware of Cas and of how close he wanted to be to him sometimes. Those moments where he couldn't help but touch him or breathe in his scent. Those moments where he didn't suppress anything.
Bert nodded, setting down his book, then asked the mother of all questions. “Why d’you think he did it then?“
If anything, what made him realize all those things were three unsolvable cases and another monster in the shape of an arrogant and elegant man, who might not have the intention to make him realize anything, but surely encouraged it by the ways he was playing them.
Dean was back to staring into his book. He had no idea what he was reading. His shoulders felt tense, as well as the atmosphere, although there was something strangely peaceful about it. The absence of words and the unused voices eased something inside him. There was nothing that could be misunderstood or misinterpreted. Nothing that could remind him of what he didn't like to remember. What a calming silence it was.
“Well… back then, there was that one day. I was sitting in my parents’ bedroom and looked at a picture of them. And I realized that I’m not crying. I wasn’t even sad or anything. So I took out my pocket knife and I started cutting into my arm. Not harmful cuts, it didn't even bleed that much.“ He coughed and wheezed away that nasty itch in his throat. He rubbed his forehead, feeling a building headache. “But it did bleed. I really needed to see if I can still bleed. To see if I still feel.“
“Why?“ you asked after too many moments of silence, while the air hang heavily and the time seemed to stand still.
It hit me like the proverbial beat on the head. Tomorrow already. I couldn't help myself, I was so obvious. So readable and palpable, so bad at subtle. My expression seemed to show how utterly unpleased I was to hear that, of course they did, because suddenly you made a step towards me, determined and still unsure.
The brothers barely paid him any attention as they both bent over some apparatus, trying to figure it out. It didn't do anything, no matter which button they pushed, but also there didn't seem anything broken about it.
And from the corners of my eyes, whenever I failed to concentrate on the text in front of me, I would examine the familiar face of yours. There was something about that face that I had liked from the start. Maybe it was your fuzzy hair or its soft shape or maybe it were your eyes, your blueish glowing eyes that sometimes seemed to be a light blue or nearly grayish blue, sometimes a nearly turquoise kind of color and sometimes they seemed a dark azure-ish color. They seemed to always transform with every possible change of circumstances, kind of like a mood ring, only that they didn't show the inside emotions, but those of the world around you. And I loved them, kindly and unenvying.
He turned around again, whirling too much, and felt too dizzy for a second. It had sounded like a scream, or a shotgun, it still sort of did. He was sure its source was somewhere in the water. Or by the water. Or nowhere near the water. The water seemed to be everywhere and suddenly he felt like drowning on the sand and in the air around him. He blinked. His heart gave a slow starting signal and then began hastening, accelerating, and pounding. He gulped and the taste of his liquor was still lingering on his tongue, but it wasn't as calming as before.
He would always find his brother, Sam thought. And then he started smiling for some reason, an old reason, a reason he didn't actually have anymore. And then he remembered that there was nothing to smile about and it vanished from his lips. He removed one arm from the steering wheel and settled it by the window. His fingers grazed the cold windowpane, almost feeling the raindrops dribbling against it from outside. The seats and the car itself as it rumbled against the asphalt didn't feel right. It wasn't the Impala, and something in Sam’s face turned sour.
“Cas, you need to see this,“ I said, holding up the newspaper in my hand. I sat down beside you, feeling the pleasant touch of your body against mine, feeling like I had awoken from a year of sleep and no touch whatsoever. I held out the newspaper, the front page holding the article I was talking about.
For what felt like hours but was probably only a half one, they sat there in silence. Breathing and existing quietly next to and into one another’s presence. The heat hung heavy over their heads and around their bodies and Dean almost felt like he could fall asleep. Or fall in general.
Cas’ hands were so warm and soft that he felt overwhelmed with some sort of burden coming off him. And when his forehead settled on Cas’ shoulder, because he still couldn’t stop, Cas stood still and careful and steady against him.
I turned on the coffeemaker and got two cups out of one of the cupboards. As we sat down at the table, our gazes met and I drowned in the blue of your eyes, like I do every day. You stared at me, into me, and it was as if you would finally see me again, all of me, as if you could see into my head, into my soul, into every single of my molecules and into my dreams. And yet, you didn't run away. Yet, you stayed with me, no matter how horrible it looked inside me, no matter what you could see in my head, no matter who I was. Or maybe just for that. And it was as if you would see the same world I saw.
“How’ve you been?“ you asked, and it almost seemed like a riddle to me and for a minute I looked at my hands, as if I could find its solution there.
“I wouldn’t have thought it would go this well, to be honest. Who would have known you two only need to stop talking to sort things out? Quite interesting, I must say.“
A voice in his head that kept ranting there, like a one-man-show nobody had ordered. But no matter how much hate and anger and despair it spread, it also said that there really was something worth seeing. The one detail he’d never seen before. That one thing he didn't want to believe. That one thing the monster inside his brother didn't want to believe.
“It’s Rick,“ I gave back, barely audible, while staring at my hands again, as if to try and make them stop shaking that way, “he’s dead.“
I looked up from the piece of paper in my hands and to you, actually finding you peering. You instantly turned away as if ashamed. I snorted in amusement, for you looked funny when embarrassing yourself. You acted like you were examining the blank walls of the room, as if there was anything to see, so concentrated and fascinated you made yourself look. Your head held high like the superior creature you were, your eyes uneasy like the insecurity you felt. And your mouth formed a little smile then, when you looked back at me through the corners of your eyes.
The bright blue light in his eyes flickered out. With a look around he found the old cars askew on their spots and the bikes to his right toppled over, everything still dripping of rain water. The water had washed about tools and instruments, as well as quite an amount of paper. The white cabinet against the far wall had its drawers and doors open and all the items usually on it or hanging on the wall above it were gone.
Three. We can have our hearts being broken at the same places, feeling the same sad way about things and sharing our sadness, that’s something like love, even if not the thing itself.
,“ Dean spat, his despair transforming into rage. He sprung towards the trickster, throwing his arms around him to tackle him down. But he fell right through him and landed on the floor, his head crashing into the dirty carpet.
Castiel turned and found Sam in the doorway, his eyes trailing away in the chaotic and wet state of their garage.
What’s done is done, that was the straw Dean held onto, so he could — and even considered to — help that Bert guy with a case that could as well be no case at all. Just like when they’d run into him, while he’d been faking to be an FBI agent in an unnerving purple suit, Bert was sitting on the bed all giddy and excited and ruining the smoothing of the sheets Dean had spend half an hour on for a lack of anything else to do. About five minutes into their very first conversation Dean had decided that Bert was irritating as fuck.
“Ansi,“ she said and stepped in front of him. Her green eyes bore into his and her usually always calm and stony face displayed something like a frown. “I do not feel well about this. These aren’t just any humans. These are hunters, my dear. And one of them used to be an angel. I do not think it’s a good idea to keep interacting with them.“
So he let go of Cas and made a step back. Cas exhaled. Dean inhaled. The shadows of Cas’ bedroom drew his face in weird shapes and Dean was hidden in them altogether. And when the ugly air of the moment disappeared, Dean almost smiled.
“You would like that, wouldn't you?“ Anansi looked down at Dean’s hands on his suit and raised a brow. The hands instantly dropped and Dean looked at him in surprise. Anansi shoved his own hands into his trouser pockets.
He was never who Cas thought he was only because Cas thought it. But because Cas thought it, Dean wanted to be that. He wanted to change. Wanted to let himself find that little piece of him that had always been somewhere inside. That piece of him that was hiding in the dark, afraid, and hopeless place somewhere in his mind. Because it was too lonely to dare and come out.
Dean scanned his brother’s face and saw something there. “What?“ he said and by that made Bert and Cas look up, too.
We packed our stuff and headed out. We got into my beloved Impala, its doors creaking like music in my ears. Before I started her, I took my phone out, because there was something I needed to do, before we could hurl ourselves into the whole fun of hunting.
I remember, how I woke up a couple of days later. It was the middle of the night and quiet around me. I stared at my ceiling, grey and sallow, and while I was trying to guess the time, remains of the pictures were still crossing my head, which had just been chasing me in my dreams. All of it was always so real, all of it always feels so legit. I feel every single of my breaths, every movement, every single cut I carve into flesh, and the warm blood flooding my hand. Not always are they memories, sometimes they change, sometimes they’re even imaginary. My fantasy isn't capable of beautiful things anymore, of rainbows and unicorns, or at least of a strip club. Only of cruelty.
“Maybe we should split it in pieces and work through it like that.“ He looked around, found Dean mildly motivated, Bert a little less mildly motivated, and Cas dead silent and staring at his hands. It seemed he was buried under seven layers of emotion. Sam needed to sleep just as much as they did, but he also needed to figure this out. The riddle was filling his entire mind and it very nearly killed him.
He calmed down. His list had done the trick again. No matter how old and yellowed the paper was already and how the words were barely even readable anymore, it still worked. And when his eyes had flown over it and chosen his favorite, he’d felt relieved. The way you feel relieved when a burden falls off of your shoulders.
Back then I was a soldier. A warrior of the Lord. A part of a big picture that stood above humanity and wasn't meant to have their own life. And then you came into my non-life and all of a sudden all that seemed so pointless to me. Humans, who love each other, are loyal, hate each other, shout at each other and hurt and even kill. Driven and dulled by sheer violence and longing and lust and heart. Without reason, you might say, but with more reason than every single angel I’ve ever known. And I saw it, the beauty in it and why one would want that.
“Yes, in fact, I do. As you can see, she is more of a painter, while I am more of a writer.“ He looked up at the white sky and inhaled. “Why does it surprise you that I have someone? Do you believe monsters like me don’t deserve to be loved?“
Dean grimaced, then cleared his throat. “Well uh… I’m flattered. And uncomfortable. Let’s say all that is actually what’s going on here, who is that, uh, Anansi guy then? What is he?“
From the kitchen you could hear a clatter of dishes where someone was washing greasy plates and crusted mugs. Washing off the dirt of previous and cleaning it to new.
“Good things do happen, Dean,“ you said, making the images of the memory of how we had first met shoot through my brain and body like the bolts of a thunderstorm. Bobby and I had scribbled all kinds of crazy symbols onto some walls, because we hadn't known what we’re dealing with. And then you had appeared and I had tried to kill you with all ammunition and armor I had, only to find out that nothing works.
Only that it didn’t matter. People say they like rain, but they open their umbrellas. They say they like the sun, but they stay in the shadows. And they say they like wind, but close their windows when it howls.
“Sam Winchester,“ he began with a somewhat deeper voice. “Look into my eyes. You see how crazy they look? You go find your brother! You. Do. This. NOW!“
“You were right,“ he muttered into the quiet, turning his head but not quite looking at the former angel next to him. “That shower I suggested wasn’t necessary, after all.“
The room had been so quiet all those hours since Anansi’s phantom had left. So when harsh sobs emerged from Dean’s throat, he almost startled. He couldn't move really, he couldn't get his muscles to work. He felt like he’d gained a hundred tons of weight that he couldn't carry.
“You sure you did it right?“ Dean asked. He sat astride on a chair, his arms on its backrest and his chin resting on them.
It was all your fault, that we had reached this point. You had failed. So much. And it hurt that you had lied to me, it hurt, everything you had done. And I really tried to forgive you, but it was hard. Again and again I get hurt and it’s like nobody would really care. As if everyone agreed that I can handle it. As if it was the necessary evil of life. And even when everyone seems to get to choose who hurts them in this world, I was here and seemed to have no choice at all anymore.
I looked at you upset and even a bit annoyed, when you simply said, using one of your hackneyed sayings, “Sometimes things are what they seem to be, Dean.“
He turned his head back to staring ahead into the darkness of their surroundings, only one little weak lamp glowing overhead. The dark seemed to crawl up on him, crowding up his space and climbing over him like heavy shadows. He closed his eyes again, trying not to notice it.
He felt his pulse in the fingers that reached for the doorknob. It was cold outside, and dark, but he felt heated. And it was silent out here, too, and lonely, but he felt his head throbbing with the many voices shouting at him in various stages of denial and agreement.
“I know,“ Sam gave, sighing. “I know, Dean. I get it, you need to hunt. But I’d really like to understand what he means by this.“
He’d thought he’d grab Sam and start driving. Oh boy, had he been wrong. He’d never even spared a thought on the terrible possibility that his stupid brother could team him up with the person he least wanted to be around. That he would leave him alone and stewing in the boiling air of temptation. It was like a drug he didn't want to be addicted to. Like Sam put him into a tank full of acid, merely to examine how it affected him. Or how fast he would dissolve in it.
After several cruel minutes, Dean finally kicked him in his rips, the waiting almost worse than the arrival. Cas sucked in a sharp breath that shot through him like a knife. His hands moved up to his face to protect it. No more bruises others would see, he promised to himself.
He had another long sip of his bottle, felt the instant burn of liquor down his throat, but it didn't drown his sorrow. It couldn’t make him feel better, while all he wanted was to feel right. But it didn't drown that, it didn't work, why didn't it just work? Why hadn't Cas made him stop? Why hadn't he helped him stop? Why was Cas such a coward? He should have said something, he should have fought back.
It was late evening and Dean was helping himself and his starting headache with a fine glass of whiskey. After Sam and Bert had talked to another person lacking a family member, they had regrouped and still had absolutely fucking nothing. Twelve missing people.
“Crown Point, Indiana. Bill said he talked to Dean the other day and told him about some teacher at the High School there who could help.“
The collapse of his exploding will rained down on him. You can do what you will, but you can’t will what you will.
. He ran a hand through his dripping hair and dropped the iron bar. It splashed into the water and sank down to the ground. As slow and definite as his willpower.
Sam coughed and walked up the stairway. He threw another look down to them, before he opened the door hesitantly, his gun ready.
Now, Sam didn't know yet what it had to do with anything, if it even did at all. He only knew that this was going to be a long day, and probably night, of researching and he needed coffee to do that. So he grabbed Bert as company and left to get some, leaving his brother and the former angel to themselves. On purpose, indeed.
But through a lion’s eyes and removed from his own self and unable to express himself, the world had suddenly looked like the bottom of an empty bottle of liquor. Only when you downed the last bit, you realize that you emptied it. He’d emptied his world and filled it with all he’d never wanted to be.
Dean was his brother. And Dean was his protector. And Dean was his world. And Dean was a monster. Dean was like a tool to use, like an instrument to play. Dean was like vibrating strings. And vibrating strings must be treated carefully, because they can make the sound turn wrong. And because they can ruin the music. And because they are so careless themselves. A nicely exposed bestiality. It’s the most fascinating thing. And also the most dangerous.
“You gotta be fucking kidding me,“ Dean mumbled and Sam gave him that look that said he was being unreasonable.
And suddenly it hasn't been divine revelations, or orders of heaven, or the written word of god, that decides the future and would lead us all. It hasn't taken all these things anymore to make me move and make me do something. No. Suddenly for the decisions I have to make I’ve only needed one thing: Dean Winchester. My entire millennial old world has been turning around a single human all of a sudden. And everything I have needed to make a decision is the thought of you may think bad of me. Not more. Just that.
You stood up and poured a glass of Scotch. For me. I took it, as if it was all you could give, and as if even just that tiny thing was still enough for me. I drank, and the eyes on me, which I sensed like they would belong to my own bloodstream, were no longer disturbing. It was good, it was as if I was seen. Finally again. And finally again I failed with you. I let you back into my life, into my thoughts and feelings, and I let you be my shelter, and I allowed that you, although you had locked me into my labyrinth again, could also be my rescue. A risk seeming to be worth taking.
All entries locked, all light vanished, save for the emergency lighting. Everywhere the red warning lamps flashed their rhythmic cry of
But when he threw another look at his phone, his eyes widened. He took another look around, a frown shooting into his face. It was supposed to be evening. It looked like night, actually. But it wasn't ten o’clock in the evening. His phone said it was ten o’clock in the morning.
“Cas,“ I started and lay all my guilt and reason into my voice, “Sam and I can handle it. If you absolutely insist on it, you can come, but…“
Bert chuckled. “Imagine the sun had a power switch. Where would you place that? There would be world wars about it.“
Dean looked back into the journal. Wendigos. No, it wasn't Wendigos. Sorry about what? The waste of time talking to Crowley? That they had no lead at all? That he had another sore rip now? He turned some pages and stopped on some vampire case. It wasn't vampires either.
Dean was about to reply how that was bullshit, as another bee flew into his vision. Sam followed his scurrying look and frowned.
“You have a wife?“ Dean asked in surprise, walking after Anansi. He didn't actually want to follow him, but it was like he had no other choice. Like there was some invisible leash around his neck pulling him after the trickster. Neat little trick.
“I mean…,“ I began again, trailing off and staring at the sheets, as if the words I was searching for were written there, “… u-us… we… our… come on, do I really need to say it out loud?“
Bert pushed air out of his nose and in one fell swoop he looked like a whole different person. He broadened his shoulders, stood up tall, and fixed him with a piercing glance.
I kept on wandering around and found the few photographs on your table. The picture of you and Mary. You were so little and innocent on it. Hadn’t known, what would come, what burden would be put upon you. You hadn’t even known about all the monsters there were in the world. You hadn’t known about me. And still, you had known about angels and that they would watch over you, because your mother had told you every night before you had gone to sleep. And here I was and watched over you.
His lower lip was trembling as he scrunched his list in his blood-stained hands, balled his fist around it. For a second, he held it there, felt it against his palm, as though he was trying to make up his mind. It’s hard to let something go that is so old. But it didn't help anymore, it was no sheet-anchor or a rescue blanket. It was the blood staining his face, and the bruises covering the knuckles of his hands, and the memories of all he’d done and all he’d destroyed.
And then you suddenly stood up and excused yourself, walking out the door with your back to me and not sparing me another look. And I thought about if I had said or done anything wrong, if I had offended you or if anyone else did. But I was startled out of my train of worry by a tense questioning look of Sam’s eyes. I tried to read in them what he blamed me for this time, but I didn't manage to know.
A little while later, Dean was standing outside the door to the bunker’s garage. It was on the other side of the area, a secret hidden door lowered in the ground, four concrete steps leading down. He drew his lock pick kit from a pocket of his jacket and started his work. Funny enough, this door didn’t have a special lock.
I remember. We were still sitting on my bed. I was leaned against the headpiece, my legs spread out and my hands resting in my lap. You on the other hand cross-legged somewhere on the level of my knees, your back buckled and your head hanging over the newspaper. It’s strange how different we can experience postures. What is uncomfortable and tense for the one, is the most snugly position of all for the other. It was just a little something, but it showed me once again how different we were. You awkwardly uncontrolled and self-confident, comfortable in your cambered crouching posture, all your hinges angled, almost like your angled mind. Me straight and thoughtful, insecure and actually uncomfortable in every posture. What one may conclude from that train of thoughts is another matter.
“Why would you try to eat a pen?“ Bert asked. He always took things very literally. “It’s all plastic and ink.“
The demon rolled his eyes. “I. Don’t. Bloody. Know! I’ve got a Hell to run and the poor lot of demons at my command to hold in line. There’s no time for silly businesses as playing around with those filthy apes you call your kind, as much as I would enjoy that pastime.“
Dean’s eyebrows rose, he temporarily shook with how lazily the guy spoke and how unaffected he seemed to be by downright anything. His eyes were still glued to Dean, he appeared like he wasn't paying so much attention to what Dean said but mostly to how he looked. Dean felt naked.
“Oh, believe me, I’ve got dozens of reasons not to.“ The man put his hands in his pockets. There it was again, his unnerving arrogance. “But even just a single reason to do it is enough sometimes.“
There was a moment of silence. Dean’s grip around the blue tie loosened a bit and his other hand found hold on the trench coat. He blew air out of his nose like a bull and he stared right into Cas’ eyes. They were only inches apart and could feel each other’s breath on their lips. Dean half blinked and for a second he looked so weak, even while he was such a danger. It was almost like his heart couldn't find the right rhythm anymore.
Sam Winchester was running out of plans. So many people had gone missing, and only one had returned. So many people had fallen into a stupor and stopped talking. So many people had died. He had so many questions. Why was Anansi doing what he was doing? What was that knowledge he wanted to gain?
I remember. Four days and three hours ago you had found the stain of blood on my shirt. I had said I didn’t know, whose blood it was, and dismissed it. And even when you had had all the doubt in the world in your eyes, you had accepted it. At least for the moment. For four days and three hours now something was different between us. You only answered with short phrases to my words, actually you tried to avoid words in general. Every now and then I noticed you staring at me, whenever you thought I wouldn’t see it. And you always looked away, when I stared back. You avoided eye contact, but I could see it. The idea inside you. Something was working in your head. Something doubted me. But the worst thing in all this was our routine. You broke our routine. Every night I sat in the kitchen and waited for you to get up and come to that very kitchen. For your snack. For your Scotch. For me and our togethership. But every night I remained alone.
He breathed out a sleepy sigh and shifted a little. It hit him like ice water when he realized that it wasn't a pillow under his head. It was something much harder and much warmer and much more alive. As he cracked open his eyes, he saw black fabric against his cheek and tan colored folds of a jacket under what seemed to be a leg. Within a few terrifying seconds, he realized that his head was resting in Cas’ lap.
They all stepped out of the gear room and into the war room and for no reason at all they all looked up to the ceiling, as though that would help anything. As though the cause for all this was hanging up there like a spider and could be threatened to stop by frowns and bitch faces. Dean looked back down and found Cas facing a wall by the hallway, both his hands flat against it.
Dean went to say something, but stopped in his own dawning. Somehow they had missed an important detail here: why would the bunker’s lockdown go off by a normal storm? But what if it hadn’t been a normal storm in the first place?
Dean could feel their stares and looked up. Bert looked at him like he was readjusting his opinion of the other hunter, then he turned to what appeared to be a silent conversation with the napkin. Dean wondered what they could have to talk about. Cas looked as concerned as always, and in words in his head that Dean didn’t want to let himself say out loud he told his friend to take a shower and wash those deep lines and sad eyes right off his face. And Sam, Sam gave him that look that in a crucial and cruel way questioned everything he said and did. The way he used to do when they were little. When Dean was talking about their dad like he was a superhero, and Sam had thought of their dad as someone who was never there.
