And it was then when something odd started happening. Sherlock became dizzy, his eyes unfocussed, and his body seemed to have started losing its strength. His muscles started stretching on their own, aching badly; his bones felt on the verge of shattering into pieces. He couldn’t hold back a scream. He wasn’t sure what was going on, but his body was changing its shape, that much was clear. Moaning, he collapsed on the floor. But the noise wasn’t the one of a swan; it was the one of a human! Before Sherlock managed to start analysing the situation, he realised that he couldn’t breathe normally and was choking and wheezing. It made him feel scared and helpless. But then, despite the even stronger rush of light-headedness, he chose to listen to his mind that told him that he had to calm down. Swans had a significantly different, more complex, respiratory system, designed to make them get much more oxygen, primarily needed for their flights. Humans and other mammals had nothing like that. It was anatomically different and it felt different, too. He had to remember how to breathe as a human, had to let this body do what was natural to it, after all, he had been born with this body.
‘Of course, I would. I promised, did I not? My apologies for being late, though. I had to urgently write a letter to one of our advisers and send it with a messenger. Nothing too serious, but it still had to be done tonight’, the Prince explained. Of course… This close to the entrance the bright light of the fire didn’t reach enough to be sufficient, but now Sherlock could see some ink stains on John’s fingers and a tiny amount of wax used for sealing messages on his thumb; and his clothes had small signs of being put on in haste before he had headed here. Obviously, Sherlock had become needy and importunate. How pathetic was that?
One day, the mystery was finally solved… in one of the most terrifying ways possible. He was outside, playing with Redbeard and enjoying a rare warm, rainless day of autumn. Mycroft, together with his men, was about to leave for another boring political meeting, so there was a bit of a crowd at the main entrance. Sherlock wanted nothing to do with that, so he stayed away, playing fetch with his excited dog by throwing a stick for his four-legged companion to bring back.
Two of his new prisoners were adolescent twin sisters and the third one wasn’t related to them in any way. He was a rather young boy, just as young as Sherlock had been when he’d been turned, which was unusual for Moriarty. The sisters were quick to find a bit of comfort with the older pens. But when some swans tried to act motherly towards the young cygnet, he wordlessly protested and even bit someone when they became persistent. Eventually, he was so annoyed by their recurring attempts to take him under their care that he moved closer to Sherlock, without intruding his personal space, though. The crowned swan didn’t mind. He had been just as small as this taciturn cygnet, a child, when he had been brought here, while most other swans had been young adults or somewhat older than he had been, anyway.
His hands were shaking so badly now that it took him all of his willpower to cook up another dose. It also took him a few failed attempts to ease the needle into his vein properly. So much for being careful and leaving as few marks as possible...
‘Well, that’s too bad then for those who have planned it that way, because I’m allowed to choose you. If this is what you want as well, of course’, he quickly added.
‘Neither of us is good at this, so let’s not succumb to dramatics and make it even harder for the both of us. It’s time for me to leave. I won’t bore you with a farewell speech. Don’t forget what I told you about the chapel’. With that, Mycroft turned to leave. Sherlock had caught his pained expression. Mycroft was abandoning him… In panic Sherlock followed him, making loud, desperate calls.
His friends were suspicious of his recent behaviour, because he was often pensive and distracted. Bill believed that John had decided to enjoy some freedom with a woman, whom he kept secret and visited at nights, which was the reason he slept until afternoons. Bill was totally supportive of it, of course, even though he didn’t have any of his questions answered about the ‘mysterious woman’. John would’ve been happy to share the truth, but a promise was a promise, and he was a man of his word. His heart made him want to spend more time with his new secret friend, but, when he looked at Queen Martha, he saw how unfair it was towards her to keep evading his responsibilities. He had to accept his duties for her sake and for the sake of the country; it was long overdue, in fact.
‘You know they might. And we don’t want other countries to see us as the weaker one in any way. It is your duty to get married and take your rightful place on the throne. Your dynasty is new and it needs to take roots as soon as possible. It’ll make us look stronger in the eyes of our neighbours. I’m tired and I’m getting old for this. And must I remind you that I have a hip? And, for the hundredth time: I’m your regent, not your queen’. This time she was the one who tried to joke to make things less stressful for the two of them.
who was smaller, for some incomprehensible reason. He was very small, indeed, his movements unnatural, his senses all wrong. What was going on?
‘We just wanted to enquire if you… and your… guest would care to join us for a meal. Yesterday, Robert caught some fish and we plan on cooking it tonight. There’s enough for everyone’, Francesca explained, curiously eyeing the blond man.
Meanwhile, as the night had fallen on the lands of Bavaria, midnight brought the usual change to the residents of the lake. Nobody dared to leave for their usual activities as humans, though, and not many wanted to, curious and still astounded by the product of Moriarty’s sorcery that kept demonstrating them the lives of people out there, where the swans couldn’t go. They, too, were perplexed as to why they were allowed to see Prince John’s ball.
And, one day, it finally dawned on Sherlock… He was in love. It felt natural, as if it had always been there, yet special and overpowering. It wasn’t like him to feel this way, but it was about John… With John everything was different. John
When they reached the neutral territory they shared with the hounds, Sherlock was mindful of every noise around him, but noises were inevitable with so many people there with him. They all tried to be as quiet as possible, but their sheer number and the fact that they still weren’t quite used to their bodies didn’t make things easier. Thankfully, four of them were separating themselves from the others, as it had been previously agreed. Two went to the left and two to the right to be on the lookout about twenty metres away from the main group. If they saw or heard any hounds approaching from either side, they would not only warn the others, but also try to draw attention of the hounds to themselves. They’d stay closer to the ‘swan territory’ the whole time and, hopefully, make it there in time, in case of getting chased after, giving the others an opportunity to run to safety as well. From what they knew, those monstrous hounds didn’t hunt in packs. If they heard or smelt the prey now, they’d come separately. The hounds, however, obviously had the advantage of having a much better night vision and could sneak up to their prey undetected. At the same time, having the eyes that glowed in the dark probably wasn’t such a great advantage.
‘Oh… I’m sorry’. The bowman lowered his weapon immediately, realising that the way he’d been holding it could seem threatening. ‘I’m not going to do anything to you’, he said. Sherlock relaxed a little, but not entirely. As a swan with a crown, he would’ve made an interesting trophy for a hunter, but, as a human, he wasn’t sure what would happen if he, for example, made a sudden movement; the bowman had admirably quick reactions. Apparently, the stranger could see his doubtful look, because the next thing he said was: ‘I’m going to put it down now. I’m not going to hurt you, you have my word’, he promised firmly, yet softly. He approached the wall at the exit and, slowly, put the crossbow next to it. After that, he returned to the spot where he’d been earlier. Sherlock saw a sheathed knife attached to his belt and the man noticed his look: ‘Want me to put it there as well?’
John sighed in relief when the taxi had finally stopped at his old flat after he’d got Mary, together with their luggage, home. Their trip was finally over, two days earlier than expected, due to their mutual wish to go home, and he couldn’t wait to see Sherlock and make sure he was fine. He’d been trying to ring him for a while now, but Sherlock hadn’t been answering his mobile, neither calls, nor texts. If he was busy conducting one of his experiments, it wasn’t unusual. It wasn’t like there was much else he could do, as he wasn’t allowed to leave the flat, at least until they got any new clues about Moriarty or rather a person or people that were carrying on with the psychopath’s ideas. So far, they had nothing to work with, so the genius must be bored out of his mind.
‘Well, I suppose this is where we part our ways’, John said when they were outside. ‘I’ll see you tomorrow. Take care. And thank you for your trust’. It was obvious that the man wasn’t particularly enthusiastic about leaving, but he knew he had to.
It was almost a relief when they finally mounted their horses to head back to the castle, where he allowed himself a few hours of sleep. Instead of flying arrows and dying men, he dreamt about the tranquillity of a forest lake.
He was on edge the whole next day. When the sun disappeared behind the horizon, he was on the way to the chapel, flying low, as per usual. Nothing happened when he entered the chapel, nothing happened when he touched the altar or the chest with his bill or wing. He waited; he spent some time standing on the very same spot where he had transformed the day before. Nothing.
They started turning every night, at the exact same time, just like Sherlock had tentatively predicted they would after their second time of turning into humans and back into swans, becoming even more hopeful after Pierre had voiced the same thought back then, providing a nice second opinion. Sherlock went to the chapel every night, but was a little hesitant to use all the things he owned now just yet. They were just things, items, objects, but they meant so much after not having anything, and Sherlock still didn’t trust his hands not to drop and break something fragile. He was also slightly scared that one night he wouldn’t find the chest where he’d left it. He locked it every time and hid the key, so that only he alone knew where it was.
And that was it. After gathering a lot of, mostly irrelevant, information, he simply had nothing to work with; no clues, nothing to be able to solve the mystery that had no logic about it and broke the very laws of how the world worked. As he had met the dead end, there was no way to build a chain of deductions that could help him to get out of this place or, at least, find out why he was here other than for the pleasure of a maniac. Speaking of whom, Moriarty was aware of Sherlock’s attempts and had teased him because of them: ‘You’ve been busy. Anything interesting or useful so far?’, ‘Any luck yesterday?’ or ‘Next time you should take a few underlings with you and make
The relief was immense, but he failed to enter that particular dimension of his Mind Palace, where Watson resided. Was it his mind prompting him that he was losing John for good? At least, the drug was doing its job and the pain was gone for the time being.
A few nights later Sherlock broke their habitual silence in the chapel, while he was conducting an experiment:
It also spared him some time to fly to the chapel every night shortly before the transformation. Otherwise, he would’ve wasted his time on walking there on foot as well.
Sherlock couldn’t believe he had got himself into a trouble like this; he also couldn’t believe that his curiosity had nearly got him killed or crippled again. At least, the hunter had killed the hound that could have ended Sherlock’s life or disabled him, this time for good. He could feel he was starting to change. Soon, others were going to come to their own building nearby, and there was a chance they would encounter the man. He worried about Archie. What if the man was evil? No, he hadn’t looked like that. But there were so many ways some sort of misunderstanding could create a bad situation. Sherlock was both intrigued and nervous. Maybe the man would just go away? If it wasn’t for the other swans, Sherlock would’ve just changed, hidden in here, and avoided starting the fire tonight, so it wouldn’t be visible in the dark and attract attention. He would’ve stayed quiet and waited for this unusual night to pass. But others weren’t going to be quiet, as they weren’t even aware of the situation. He had no more time as a swan to fly to the lake and warn them. At the same time, once he changed and fully regained his senses, he could, possibly, go and talk to that stranger, if he hadn’t yet left the area.
. He was so tired of lying to John. Fortunately, his friend never asked. He didn’t like to discuss anything like that on the phone. Sherlock didn’t know what he was going to do about all of this, once John was back. But, more likely than not, the doctor would be too close to becoming a father by then (Sherlock knew Mary’s due date and it made him nauseous), so there was a chance they wouldn’t see each other for a while, even after John’s return from Lancashire. Would he start replacing his urine samples and keep lying, or he’d break down, as soon as he saw his friend again, before admitting everything(?) at once?
Throughout the years, now and then, he’d tried to dig again in two other places, with the same result. He had watched small animals and insects going and flying through the barrier, as if there wasn’t any. He’d estimated that the enclosed area was slightly more than two kilometres in diameter, but the borders made a rather rough circle, which made Sherlock’s measurements very approximate, not to mention that he didn’t have any instruments to make more accurate ones. The lake itself was almost half-circular, but with quite uneven edges. Its length, in its longest part, was about 950 metres, and its width, in the widest part, was slightly less than four hundred metres. The lake wasn’t situated at the very centre of the enclosed territory, rather, it was much closer to the south-east of it. He hadn’t had a chance to examine the entire barrier, of course, simply because it was too extensive. In addition, the exploration was risky. He had briefly seen the hounds from afar or just heard them approaching, as if appearing out of nowhere, making him fly away back to the lake in panic, and, it seemed, they always knew someone was at the ‘fence’ and where exactly the ‘trespasser’ was. Sherlock wasn’t sure he’d ever be able to overcome his terror of them, even to some extent.
‘Why?’ Archie asked. The sudden feeling of déjà vu gave Sherlock a pause and he looked at the boy carefully, nearly dropping the tweezers he was holding in his hand and almost losing his line of thought. He closed his eyes and shook his head to clear his mind, which, oddly enough, helped.
‘Of course’, John immediately promised, interrupting him. ‘I promise. I understand’. Neither his tone, nor his expression gave away anything that could possibly make Sherlock doubt his words, so he found himself relaxing.
‘Nothing… I just don’t hear it often’, Sherlock replied (‘Or not at all’, he added to himself). But there was something else about it, oddly familiar and forgotten. At least, that was the feeling, even though it was illogical.
In the end, he just asked his friend to stay with him, for as long as he could, and nearly had panic attacks almost every time Watson as much as left the flat for a short while. They didn’t even have cases and Sherlock couldn’t care less, as long as John was there, even though it was just his Mind Palace copy of John. The copy was brilliant. Of course, it had been created as a requirement for a case, but it had started living its own life, making Sherlock want to visit this John Watson over and over again.
He started suspecting he was imagining things. After all, the vielle still sounded and felt a bit odd in his hands, and Mycroft seemed too old for his and Sherlock’s parents, so, perhaps, he had every reason to question his judgement, or even sanity.
John actually liked the idea. Mike knew him well enough to propose something that he knew would work. The portly man himself refused to go with him, because he was bad at hunting, as he was quick to remind, and had some unfinished business. Both Bill and Lestrade, however, were happy to accompany their Prince the very next day.
different. When his wings were folded against his body, his coat seemed entirely black. He wondered if it was in any way related to the fact that, as a human, he’d had dark hair.
It had not been a pleasant adventure, no. It hadn’t taken long for the drugs to become a part of his life again. Later, he’d even managed to fool Mycroft after all that time he had not been using. During his captivity in Serbia, the drugs had had enough time to leave his system before Mycroft had come to rescue him, so his medics hadn’t found anything drug-related, and there had been more important health issues to pay attention to, including kidney and middle-ear infections.
By the midnight, he felt knackered and went to bed, but sleep wouldn’t come. His feet were restless without him really noticing, his body tense.
‘The things I do for you!’ Moriarty chided, getting up. ‘I wasn’t even supposed to interfere. But it’s not yet time for your swan song, or, rather, your dying swan dance. Oh, how I love to see you dance! Alas, it’s not yet time for your entrance’, he smiled, seemingly both a bit frustrated and a bit excited. Sherlock couldn’t even bother trying to understand what he meant by that. The sorcerer then left, humming under his nose again. The injured swan closed his eyes in relief, not quite believing that he’d got off so lightly. He felt Archie pressing himself into his good wing, obviously relieved as well.
‘There’s nothing to tell’, the younger man interrupted. ‘You barely know me. I’m prone to such moods’.
He didn’t think he’d grow any bigger. He thought that, as a black swan, he should have been slightly smaller than the mute swans in the flock, but they were roughly of the same size. It had been a relief to have his coat fully changed. The process hadn’t been pleasant at times, causing itch and irritation that made him want to pluck himself bald. He remembered a few days when it had been particularly frustrating and he had even injured himself slightly with his bill, before snapping at someone who had dared to ask him if he was all right. His coat barely caused him any trouble at all now, as long as he kept himself well-groomed and preened. He kept moulting annually, but it wasn’t that bad; he was used to it soon enough.
One night after Sherlock and the flock had transformed at the lake (their sixth night as humans), Moriarty paid them an unexpected visit; not that his visits were ever expected or looked forward to.
But his observations were nothing, comparing to what he heard when Sherlock finally opened his mouth to speak. The man suddenly knew a great deal of things about him, from the fact that he was a royal person to the fact that he’d plucked a grouse not long ago before cooking and eating it. He also knew that John’s slight limp wasn’t the result of an actual injury, but rather was in his head. He knew, however, that John had actually been seriously injured during his last military campaign. The Prince started suspecting that something mystical was at work here. He didn’t believe in such things. People who travelled a lot were more likely to be sceptical; he’d seen a lot in his life (including exotic animals and birds), had plenty of experience, but there had been no giants, no ghosts, no magic. The closest were probably the charlatans who’d tell you your ‘future’ for a bit of money, after pestering the hell out of you, while their even more annoying children tried to rob you after seeing where the money had come from (he’d had a good laugh when Bill had fallen prey to something like that abroad. In the redhead’s defence, he had been drunk). However, after what he’d seen earlier, he wasn’t sure what to think any longer.
‘They fought about something’, he replied and continued to follow the trail. ‘One of them was angry, which is evident from the trails left by her brusque movements. She was determined to go somewhere, while the other one was so desperate to stop her that she grabbed the feathers on her back with her bill and accidentally tore them out. She kept walking, and, at times, flying, rather poorly, I must say.., in this direction with her sister close on her heels, still desperate to talk her out of it. It is safe to say that Beatrice is the instigator’.
By midnight, he was at the ruins of the old chapel, not sure what exactly he was doing there. Any road that had led to it, or any sort of infrastructure the place had once had, were long devoured by nature. Sherlock had been here before, of course, but he’d never bothered to examine the place thoroughly, more interested in another building not far away, which was slightly bigger and had probably been a part of someone’s house. There had likely been some extensions to it once, but those had been made of wood and, therefore, had long been destroyed by time. Back when Sherlock had been examining it, he hadn’t found anything interesting or worth his attention neither there, nor in the chapel. What was he supposed to find now?
‘Sherlock… I know something is wrong. Something has changed. I’m aware that you aren’t people person, but I haven’t seen you this quiet and withdrawn until recently. If you could just tell me…’
John followed when the swan started moving to the exit. His wide field of vision allowed him to see the following man without really turning his head, and he did feel like looking at John; there was a possibility of noticing things about him that his human eyes could’ve missed. The blond nearly ended up forgetting his crossbow, but, once he picked it up, he was quick to use the decorated leather strap attached to it, to put it on himself so that the crossbow was hanging against his back. Sherlock knew it wouldn’t have been used it to harm him, but he still appreciated John’s thoughtful gesture.
‘I see… Let me help you up’, the shorter man said, standing up. Sherlock hesitantly took the offered, warm and reliable, hand. Immediately, his senses screamed that he knew the feeling; he’d experienced it before. It made no sense, like many other things. John helped him up and then helped him to one of the large stones with a flat surface near the fire. The younger man sat down, struggling with the leftovers of the usual post-transformation dizziness.
It was only then that he noticed a small, neat stack of papers on the table. Sherlock’s lists for Mycroft… He proceeded to checking them at once. They all had dates, and John closed his eyes for a few moments, suddenly feeling too old and too tired. Sherlock had been using for days on end, several times per day. He was on a fucking drug binge for at least a week and a half! The list with the current date was somehow wrong. It said that Sherlock had taken a mix of heroin and cocaine, but the doses weren’t enough for Sherlock to overdose, even though it would’ve been too much for anyone who hadn’t been using as much as Sherlock normally did, according to these notes and the one John had seen on the plane. So the list, apparently, wasn’t complete for this particular day, and Sherlock had taken something else afterwards, likely heroin, considering his current symptoms and the drugs listed for the previous days.
‘Please, just leave’, was a pained whisper from behind the tree. It wasn’t hard to imagine that Sherlock was trying his best to sound firm, and, to a certain extent, he’d succeeded, failing to avoid sounding distraught, at the same time, nonetheless. There was nothing John could say at that. It seemed, he had ruined everything, but couldn’t believe things had deteriorated and gone downhill so suddenly.
Sherlock had to light another candle, as the first one had almost burnt down to nothing by this point, and he didn’t want to bother with the flint and tinder again. He put most things back into the chest, treating them as if they were the most precious things he’d ever had. He took the candle with him to examine the dust on the floor. Apart from the footprints of a swan (his own), he could discern three different sets of human footprints. One set belonged to a man with a slightly deformed leg. It was highly unlikely any of the two remaining sets were Mycroft’s; the footwear was cheaper and rougher, so the footprints, obviously, belonged to Mycroft’s lackeys, who had brought the heavy chest here, too heavy for just two people to carry, no matter how strong they were. The thoughts of Mycroft made Sherlock’s chest feel painfully tight.
He obtained the look of a fully matured swan when he was eighteen; he knew how old he was thanks to Pierre. The reflection in the water showed him a rather impressive and… beautiful bird. Was it narcissistic or, somewhere deep inside, he still couldn’t entirely accept being anything but a human? He couldn’t tell. Sometimes he wondered what he would’ve looked like as a human by now, but, somehow, he knew.
‘I might have heard some stories about your military adventures before’, she smiled with mild playfulness. ‘And your friend Bill Murray is currently entertaining some of your guests with more of such stories’. It was true. When John’s eyes managed to locate his friend’s ginger head, he saw him surrounded by some of the guests, eagerly listening to him telling them something. While John himself wasn’t a bad storyteller, Bill had his own theatrical and enthusiastic manner, especially when he was tipsy; as he was now.
‘Then, I’m afraid, there’s no hope for my brother now’, he said, instead of answering the question. He kept looking forward, focusing on nothing in particular. ‘Are you aware of the fact that most swans mate for life, Prince John?’ he then asked, unexpectedly. John was immediately startled. It didn’t take long to put two and two together, as well as to realise that something terrible had happened to his secret friend.
‘Yes. When?’ Sherlock asked immediately, and immediately chastised himself for sounding so needy. He did want John to come back. He only didn’t want him to bring anyone else, but John himself was an entirely different matter. He was welcome.
, had clouded Sherlock’s judgement and he had allowed himself to hope; stupidly. Again, John had his kingdom to rule, his line to become successful, his duties, his friends and people he saw as family; their hopes to fulfil. It mattered to John. Sherlock couldn’t use him for his own advantage. He wanted to, but he couldn’t. He didn’t want to see John eventually regretting it. Even if he never regretted saving Sherlock’s life (again, he was too honourable to regret something like that), he’d still think about everything he’d lost, possibly believing he’d made the right choice, but also hating being put into a situation where he couldn’t refuse and there was no compromise. He would’ve hated being trapped and caged like that for the rest of his days.
He was deep in thought when he realised that he had gone farther away from the camp than he’d originally intended to. It was nothing, as he knew where to go anyway, but when he turned back, he suddenly heard some rustling not far away, in an opposite direction to the camp. Curious, he decided to investigate. If it was something edible, he’d add it to their other game. He moved in the direction of the noise.
Sarah seemed particularly interested. When one night John was invited into the flock’s building and accepted the invitation, thinking it wasn’t polite to refuse, she even started flirting with him. It wasn’t a stupid flirt with eyelash-batting and lip-pursing; she actually engaged him in a conversation. What of physical expressions, all the humans turned into swans had the same common trait about them: when they were swans, to see what was in front of them clearly, they had to turn their heads to the side, at least a little bit, due to the placement of their eyes, and, in their human bodies, they sometimes did it purely out of habit, without meaning to. It could be mistaken for some sort of mild flirting. John, however, seemed used to it, because he’d seen both Sherlock and Archie doing it every now and then, so it didn’t affect him in any way. Sherlock felt ridiculous even thinking about anything like that. Yet, he made sure to stand between Sarah and
‘Even you can’t be so blind’, he scoffed. ‘I don’t interact with the flock that much, but even I have heard her asking some of you about the barrier lately, gathering information. Her tone and the way she phrased her questions indicated that she didn’t believe everything you told her. I don’t like to make assumptions, but she must have thought that your explanations were based on you being merely intimidated by Moriarty, rather than verified facts. Now that she’s gone away, the only logical reason would be a decision to investigate everything on her own and, possibly, find the way out she thought others were too stupid to find before her. She shared her plans with her sister, who deemed it foolish and attempted to stop her, but failed and followed her to avoid leaving her alone’.
Still, he decided that the endeavour would’ve hardly made things any worse for him. He tried to compose a letter, but, at this point, he didn’t know what to write, exactly.
He had been so close to telling John the truth and, possibly, changing his whole situation, his future, everything. But it was impossible. He had to go back to reality. He’d thought about it enough in the past and he couldn’t back down now. John’s touch,
‘None of us can leave’, she replied, slightly surprised that he was talking to her, as it was the first time he’d ever spoken to any of them. After all, more than two weeks had passed since the day he had been brought here. ‘This place is a large, fancy cage to keep us confined’, Francesca continued to explain. To make her point clear, she then spread her wings, started running and, very soon, took off. She continued to ascend until she reached the approximate height of most trees in the forest surrounding the lake. After that, she couldn’t fly any higher, something wasn’t letting her, as Sherlock could deduce from the movements of her body. There was some sort of a barrier. When Francesca was back on the ground, she told him that this entire part of the forest was enclosed in the same way, by a ‘fence’ nobody could see. To make matters worse, the place was guarded by monstrous hell hounds with red eyes, glowing in the dark, and coal-black fur. They were Moriarty’s beasts and this particular area of the forest, including the lake, was pretty much surrounded by them. Sherlock shuddered involuntarily. He had never seen the hounds, but he had heard them at nights, far away from the lake. Their noises alone filled him with the dread he couldn’t explain. And Francesca’s description had made the feeling of uneasiness even deeper.
In a couple of months, he was starting to get bored. Living there with his family and dog made him content, but he’d run out of things that could effectively occupy his mind and hold his interest long enough. That was when a strange feeling of being watched appeared, all of a sudden. He wondered if he simply hadn’t noticed it before. Somebody, who preferred to stay in the shadows, was stalking him and remained unseen, unless Sherlock had suddenly become paranoid for no reason.
‘John, are you sure? All these princesses… Yet, you want to choose me, a woman from a nearly broke family?’ she whispered, looking humbled by her rank.
‘C-contractions?’ Sherlock felt like he was about to be violently ill. His whole body was shaking; he was feeling cold, slightly sweaty and feverish.
Sherlock was nervous. He’d barely rested the entire day, wondering if John was going to visit again. Unthinkable… They’d known each other for mere hours, even though Sherlock felt like he’d known him for years, without having any memories of it, and it had nothing to do with his deductions, at least conscious ones. But seeing John was something he really wanted to experience again.
Eventually, he had given up, as all of his efforts had felt like milling the wind. Moriarty had ‘taken pity’ on him then, providing some false clues and leads only Sherlock could see. The crowned swan had risen to the bait, too desperate to deduce that all of it, in fact, had come from Moriarty himself. When it had become apparent that he’d been fooled, Sherlock had been severely depressed and despondent for more than a month afterwards, spending most of his time in his favourite hiding place, even though it was a bit too small for him since he’d grown up.
As soon as John left with Mary, Sherlock’s depression came down on him like a ton of bricks, surprising him with its intensity. John was going to be a good, responsible and caring father. It meant that at least eight years promised to be more johnless than Sherlock had previously been ready to acknowledge, despite the sheer obviousness of it. The sonogram had finally brought the realisation he could no longer ignore. He wasn’t even sure he was going to see John at least once more before his only friend became a father, and the thought nearly made him hysterical inside. It was as if John, as a father, would become an entirely different person (what if he actually would?), and Sherlock hadn’t had a chance to say good-bye to the person he knew as John.
When his respiration normalised, more or less, and no longer caused panic and confusion, he still wasn’t sure he could get up, so he decided to give himself a few minutes of rest before trying.
When it was getting dark, they decided to make a fire, to cook and eat some of their game, and rest. After that, they planned to have some sleep and move back to the castle early in the morning, using a different, longer way, so that they could hunt some more on their way back. The servant, who had been looking after their horses and all the things the horses were carrying, managed to find them, as he had been instructed beforehand, and the hunters made beds for themselves, using their belongings they’d taken off the horses’ backs. The grouse and the hare were delicious, Bill’s jokes funny, and, quite pleased with themselves, everyone fell asleep soon enough, including the servants.
The beasts were so furious, they were practically climbing over each other now, completely mad. They were so worked up that they even started swatting at each other. He considered killing all of the demonic creatures, but he couldn’t waste any more bolts, in case he needed them later. He hoped his friends were safe, with the forest having something like this living in it. Since it appeared that he wasn’t going to be chased after, he decided to continue pursuing the crowned swan and at least take a better look at it before finding another way to the camp, without having to deal with monsters. If the swan had flown away, however, it was unlikely that he’d be able locate it now. Still, he went in the direction he had last seen it running and flying in. Soon, it became apparent that he’d definitely lost it now, but then, something caught his attention. The swan’s crown wasn’t very shiny per se, it had seemed to be made of pure silver, but the moonlight illuminated it nicely when it captured it in certain ways, depending on the bird’s position, or when it moved. So, when John’s eye had caught a silvery sparkle, not really close, but still within the limit of his vision, the Prince immediately followed it, trying to make as little noise as he could. There was a mountain ahead; no, some medium-size building that time hadn’t spared much, from what he could see now. The last time he saw a sparkle was before it disappeared into the building.
. He wished he at least had any medical equipment that would’ve allowed him to do more. He desperately wanted to do more.
‘You always are… Aren’t you?’ he almost whispered and closed his eyes, knowing what was going to follow. The bolt tore through his chest, and the pain exploded like white-hot splatters of molten metal and sharp glass shards. What followed was his endless fall backwards. No thoughts, no sounds. Just the fall, and the pain, and the tilting world, until he could only see tops of the enormously high trees and the night sky above them. And then, there was also Mary’s face, once he was on his back, defeated. She squatted down next to him. The crossbow was carelessly in her hand, against her knee and she was holding it as if it was a toy. He was shaking. He wanted to scream, but was unable to; in fact, he could barely breath and each laboured inhale and exhale only made the indescribable pain worse.
Mike Stamford was his old friend. Together they used to study medicine, both equally enchanted by the subject, even though John, as a crown prince, didn’t need it. John had collected a lot of medical books and even scrolls during his travels and, together, they enjoyed studying them (or criticising them). They hadn’t been doing it often lately, hardly ever, in fact, but their old friendship had survived. Mike had never accompanied John abroad, having a lot of duties at home, and now a family with wife and children. In addition, he wasn’t a soldier and, generally, wasn’t into anything that had anything to do with wars.
At some point, he got angry for a few moments, at himself, at John, at everything. Sooner or later, he’d lose himself and his personality forever, so couldn’t he, at least, enjoy John’s company a little longer before it happened?! And why did he bother conducting all these useless experiments?! What was the purpose of all of this?!
Sherlock had been through all of these thoughts many times before, yet, he had to remind himself of the simple facts once more. It was the reality he had to stick to, instead of indulging himself into pointless fantasies of what could never be. The kiss had affected him greatly, thrown him off his already poor balance; it had weakened his determination, making everything even more complicated.
‘God, this is all so strange. What is this place? Everything was normal, but then it was like stepping into another… place. It doesn’t make sense’.
Every now and then, some traitorous parts of Sherlock's mind wondered if he was a bit hesitant to love John’s daughter, because she was also Mary’s, but he wasn’t allowed to think that; he had absolutely no right to think that. It was safer, and quite reasonable, to blame the fact that he, generally, was not fond of children and never had been, including the time he’d been a child himself.
Sherlock had doomed himself, this time he definitely had… John had kissed him and Sherlock had panicked like an absolute idiot. And now that John was gone, Sherlock was having a full-blown panic attack, to the point that his conscious mind turned off for a while. Later, he found himself sitting on the ground with his back against the tree. He willed his breathing to come back to at least almost normal. With that, the recollections of what had happened earlier came back fully.
Please, keep in mind that this version of the ballet has a good ending (the original one isn’t that happy at all), which doesn’t mean my story is going to end in a similar way. Yet, I recommend this video, because it’s amazing and I love the dancers, even though I’ve seen Swan Lake in an actual theatre quite a few times because of all the incredible energy you receive from the dancers and the music. Being at a stage, while something this incredible is going on, is something I wouldn’t even be able to start describing. Unfortunately, the video doesn’t have a few scenes, such as The Russian Dance, oddly enough, but it can be found separately.
But playing didn’t go well either, affected by mild, but persistent, tremor and general absence of inspiration, which simply wasn’t acceptable when you played anything composed by Tchaikovsky. It looked like Sherlock was having a particularly hateful day. His last fix had been administered only four hours and eighteen minutes earlier, but, already, the painful craving was returning; a little too soon even for him this time. He put the violin down and turned on his micro music system instead, loading the Swan Lake CD into it. If he couldn’t play it, he would just listen.
‘Sherlock’, the man replied. It wasn’t that he had out-silenced Archie, it was more like he had given him time and opportunity to talk when he wanted to talk, not when he was ‘required’ to.
He sat down on the floor at the sofa and touched his friend’s cold, smooth and impossibly pale face after checking his vital signs again, which he would have to continue doing as often as he could, until the help arrived.
Sherlock also told the boy that swans required a lot of food. Despite being herbivores, the real swans often ended up eating mussels, water beetles, small fish, as well as fish eggs, usually by mistake, from Sherlock’s observations. But some of those were more nutritious than just eating a lot of plant matter, so he, personally, sought out the aforementioned, more nutritious, food on purpose to avoid spending so much time eating (he’d never been a fan of wasting time like that, even though he didn’t have many other things to do as a swan), but, of course, those things had to be consumed without forgetting to eat things that were more habitual for a swan’s digestion. Eating was boring, but, with the metabolism of fowl, it was something that had to be done quite a lot, together with drinking fresh water in abundance. Archie listened to him carefully and Sherlock had no doubt that the boy memorised everything he was being told.
The trail brought Sherlock to the barrier. They were joined by three other swans, including Pierre and Friedrich (‘The Dancer’), by then. What they found was blood and bloodied feathers on the ground with some pieces of bone and other few remains. Sherlock approached them to at least try to find out if both sisters had fallen prey to the hounds or there was a chance that one of them had survived. Others were too shocked to move, someone cried out in terror. There were hushed, shocked murmurs behind him, but Sherlock ignored them, until someone called. ‘I’ve found her!’. Sherlock turned to see what was going on. Even from his position he could see a juvenile swan sitting on the ground near a tree, alive, but seemingly unresponsive, like a statue. He couldn’t tell if she was injured or not, but she was alive and, very likely, in a safe zone that hounds couldn’t enter. He was too far away to tell which one of the twins it was. He turned to what was left of another one. There was nothing for him to do here now, since it was perfectly clear what had happened and he didn’t think others needed any gruesome details he could provide now that they had all the answers they needed.
It was real this time, not like at St Bart’s’ (John would’ve been a liar if he said he was no longer angry about it). It was more like back when Mary had shot Sherlock, only then John had felt significantly more helpless. While there was neither medical equipment at hand, nor necessary medications now, just like back then, he could actually do something this time; he was in charge and he couldn’t, wouldn’t, let Sherlock go.
John could tell that to Sherlock it was obvious that he wanted to talk from the moment the swan first saw him upon entering the chapel. To John it was obvious that the younger man didn’t like it, but he couldn’t very well confront the Prince about it beforehand, without raising even more suspicions, which was counterproductive, because it was raising suspicions on itself. John was postponing the talk, even some time after the swan’s transformation into the human. For the conversation to happen they needed to be alone. As always, Archie was easy to bribe with sweets and another opportunity to shoot a few bolts from the guest’s crossbow. John had noticed the boy’s interest and had given him a few lessons on how to wield a crossbow. He gave it to the boy sometimes to fool about outside, and even helped to build a target for the practice. He did it all on condition that Archie would be careful and would never aim at anyone as a joke. Accidents could easily cost a life to people that couldn’t even leave the place to get a proper help or medical supplies (it was probably a good idea to provide them with the latter next time he visited). John had promised that, if Archie didn’t lose interest after some time, he would present him with a crossbow of his own, probably something smaller and lighter, yet no less durable. While Archie was taciturn with John (or probably with everyone else, except for Sherlock, to some extent, at least), the promise had livened the reticent child up.
He’d started writing in his journal again. The Prince hadn’t been writing since his last military campaign, but now he was inspired to start pouring his secret thoughts out again, not to mention, he had something interesting and incredible to write about. Hiding his journal safely, was a usual practice for him, but, even if anybody ever found it, he could always tell them he was trying himself at writing a fictional story, and give them hell for going through his personal things, to boot.
‘Can’t Harry have the throne, instead?’ John sighed, still joking, because his eccentric sister was only interested in getting roaring drunk and brawling in the seediest of taverns, which all too many people were well aware of.
Very soon, he started practising violin. He wasn’t very successful at first, but he did remember how to play. The problem was that, at times, he was getting both excited and overwhelmed by the painfully familiar sounds the instrument produced. It made his heart beat too fast and his hands shook. But he was working on it. The books from the chest were at least moderately interesting, and he made sure to savour the pleasure of reading, instead of quickly extracting what he needed and skipping everything else, like he knew he could, because he didn’t want to go through the supply of books too soon. He wasn’t the one to read the same books repeatedly, so he knew he wouldn’t come back to them again, once he deemed them finished, therefore, it was best not to hurry.
He didn’t have much to do, and sometimes he felt as if he was going insane. There were at least two swans in the flock that showed clear signs that their mental health had been undermined. One of them could become catatonic for hours or even days on end. Luckily for her, she had a friend who was like an older sister to her and was willing to take care of her when necessary. Then, there was the other one. She often started murmuring some unintelligible gibberish and it took time for her flock-mates to snap her out of it and make her pay attention to her surroundings. One day, she just wandered away, probably not even realising what she was doing, to never return. Everything indicated that she had fallen prey to the hounds or some other predatory animal (the latter was highly unlikely). Sherlock couldn’t help investigating and quickly confirmed that she had become a meal for two hounds.
The boy kept staying away from everyone for the next two nights. After that, Sherlock started noticing that he was being watched, from time to time, from afar, at first; but, on the sixth night, he knew that the curious eyes were watching him conducting an experiment from the entrance of the chapel. At first, he decided to ignore it, but, after an hour or so, he gave up.
Sherlock was shaky and nauseous. The familiar craving was fuelling his anxiety, and it was becoming increasingly overwhelming. He tried to busy himself with an experiment and some cold cases Lestrade had provided him with, but it was nearly impossible to concentrate. John rang him to enquire how he was, and Sherlock lied with practised ease. He was fine, he was conducting an experiment, he was thinking about a case. No, it wasn’t very interesting, but it would do for now. His former flatmate, in turn, told him that they hadn’t yet arrived, which he certainly knew Sherlock had already deduced anyway, and promised to ring again in the morning. Once John rang off, Sherlock felt empty.
Some were rather optimistic and tried to cheer everyone else up, insisting that they should all be grateful for the chance to be humans again. Sherlock just snarled at them and distanced himself from the flock, as he always did. Sometime later, they all turned back into swans and Sherlock very nearly rejoiced, seeing how the delusive and delusional optimistic moods had almost immediately quietened down.
‘You’re an idiot… A fucking idiot! A complete, fucking pillock!’ John sobbed heartbrokenly, without tears, both furious and devastated. He buried his head in his hands. No… No… He would have time to break down later, and to beat the git’s arse, too, but now he had to calm down and go back to being a doctor Sherlock desperately needed at the moment.
He was too young for a swan to be able to fly, and, he imagined, would be for quite some time, and, being such a small, clumsy and slow walker, made it pointless to leave this relatively safe place with no idea of where to go. And, even if he managed to escape the forest in one piece, what would he do next? He couldn’t communicate with people to explain his situation, and people could be a source of danger for him as well. No matter how desperate he was to leave this place and go home, he wasn’t stupid. He also remembered Moriarty’s warning and advice to ask others about the consequences of an escape attempt. Even though Moriarty was full of rubbish, the warning had felt genuine and sombre, even though it had been voiced in a half-joking manner.
“I have good timing then. Posture, punctuality, presentability. Lets go, Mummy gets home at five, so we must be there on time.”
“Even coke.” He replied, and she backed away from him deciding he was telling the truth. “Now, you have to drink it quickly, or it won’t work.” Sherlock smiled at her and she put the cup to her lips tentatively.
John was out of his mind worrying about his friend, Sherlock seemed to be partaking in his own silent protest by starving himself, John could see it, the Ravenclaw had always been skinny, but now there was practically nothing. John couldn’t make him do anything, nobody could, so all he could do was stress and fret and try his hardest not to cry.
John pulled away, looking up at him. “You’re always so good with her, she adores you, you know. You probably know it already, but she sees you as her dad too.”
The name usually only changed once you did something fairly intimate with your soulmate. Some people, aromantics usually, changed the first time they met their soulmate. For others it was kissing, for most it was sex.
“Sentiment isn’t something that I’ve ever prided myself on, Gregory. I’m not all that familiar with what is and isn’t acceptable, so in an attempt not to disgrace myself, I do nothing at all. I see that my way of reasoning has been causing you hurt. I’m sorry for that.”
Mycroft squeezed his eyes shut for a moment trying to quiet down his thoughts. “Who?” He replied opening them again,
John was breathing a bit more steadily, his shaking had calmed down, his head was in Sherlocks chest, facing the floor.
and it appeared he wasn’t going to ask the question so John continued. “I dunno, it seems like a room I could have. Not you. Like, I expected something mad, like a science lab.”
“Because I am partially to blame.” Sherlock replied, his voice filled with more sincerity than he could remember having ever before.
Sherlock had guessed correctly that day, when he declined John’s attraction to him. John denied the fact outright, but he knew Sherlock knew rightly that he was lying.
Declaring that was probably a mistake. As it turned out, flying was not only the one thing Sherlock couldn’t do, it was also the one thing he was horrendously bad at.
“Well where else could he be?” Conrad replied, John noticed his fist clench in his trouser pocket, and swallowed hoarsely.
Sighing he pulled his shirt sleeves down, and reached his hand to the coffee table, feeling around for his ring. It was hematite, he’d had it since he was eighteen, upgraded from the simple steel one his father had given him. He liked it more, hematite was more subtle than the bright grey steel, dark grey, nearly black and sleek.
“You know what? I think it bothers you.” John grinned, taking Sherlock’s hand in one of his, and his broom in the other pulling him off and the broom out from under him, so he handed on his feet with a thud. “That I’m better than you at something.”
Mycroft managed to catch him, in the crowd of Ravenclaws being brought to the dormitories. He nodded to Victor. “I need to talk to him, I’ll bring him up don’t worry.” He spoke, and Victor nodded back at him continuing to lead the groups, taking his turn to inform them of the history of the paintings.
“That’s a fractured wrist.” Mycroft muttered to himself, almost in amusement, as he got up from the stands, trying his best to avoid the crowds in order to find his friend.
He was actually starting to think he’d done something to annoy the Ravenclaw, that he didn’t want to be John’s friend anymore. Sure, he had Sarah now, but Sherlock was so much different to her.
It was the weekend, and as dastardly as it was, Greg had come to meet John at Hogsmeade. He didn’t know much other than John had sounded upset in his letter and was at the point where breaking the rules was no longer an issue to him.
“He’s not my boyfriend Harry.” John grumbled, turning to the door. “I’ll see you later, yeah?” He replied, smiling softly at his sister.
“Her sister’s specialty was potions, she had been using it on you to keep you infatuated.” The girl continued, explaining the situation further.
“Mycroft!” He yelled after him, and eventually he was heard, the taller boy turning around, eyebrow raised, and he paused where he stood long enough for John to catch up. “Mycroft!” John repeated breathlessly. “Have you seen Sherlock- I need to talk to him!”
The Slytherin swallowed, he knew he couldn’t lie to her, there wouldn’t be any point. She couldn’t help him if she didn’t know exactly what happened. “I couldn’t.”
John stood up, laughing, bitterly, funning a hand through his hair, and licking his lips. “No, you aren’t, you’ll want an answer at some point, you’re willing to put your life on the line to get an answer so don’t try me with that bullshit.”
John didn’t suppose they’d get in trouble for this, Sherlock seemed to do as he pleased in this household.
Taking the binder off was considerably more disheartening that putting it on, feeling hs chest loose that warm and expand fully as he stretched. Before he caught himself in that vicious cycle of walking to the mirror staring for hours hating himself, he pulled on an oversized pullover hoodie, kicking his jeans off, and getting into bed.
“Well, we have a new placeholder for the longest time taken to be sorted.” McGonagall spoke, offering a nod in Sherlock’s direction, but the boy didn’t respond, his stare now fixated elsewhere. If Mycroft was correct, he was staring at a second year with fair hair, sitting at the Gryffindor table.
“Yeah. I don’t need Mycroft.” He spoke quietly to himself, pushing himself up and deciding that he would sleep, maybe an hour would do him alright considering he couldn’t obtain the caffeine he needed to sufficiently keep himself awake.
“Move over and lie down.” Sherlock ordered, and to his utmost surprise, John listened without question.
They sat in Sherlock’s tower, it looked less like a prison now Sherlock wasn’t necessarily under quarantine, he had some bookshelves and a fire and his bedframe had been replaced with wood rather than the scantily clothed metal one he had that dug into his back with the thin mattress.
“I didn’t, he wasn’t up yet. Well I suppose they’ll be useful, you can get that little bit closer to the ducks.” He gave a hum in amusement, as his fingers dragged through her hair, weaving the strands into what was a beautiful plait if he did say so himself.
They’d only been officially going out for a week when John missed his tutoring session. It was the first time that had happened since the incident with the quaffle and breathing difficulties.
“It’s been years, I-“ He took a shaky breath. “I thought I would be fine. Of course, I'm not.” He sniffed, laughing a little, removing himself from Sherlock, and pulling his knees to his chest.
Sherlock lay in his bed, hands clasped over his stomach, still wearing his dressing gown and his slippers, he wasn’t really planning to sleep. He’d probably go out to the treehouse and watch the stars as he worked at the new cube John had given him. He didn’t really care much about the stars, or space in general, but staring up at them seemed to allow him to focus.
He was able to ignore the existence of the box; he could keep his feelings a secret and let John keep his and nothing would change. Now John’s feelings were in the open, he was idiotic enough to put them there so why should he keep his own hidden? Was he afraid?
The Slytherin grabbed his phone from his messenger bag, still holding it like it was alien, his forefinger on the hand that wasn’t holding it did most of the work on the screen. His held it to his ear like a normal person, which was a relief. “Hello father, yes theres been an altercation- Sherlock’s been left at the castle so we’re going back for him- You know his usual behaviour, yes there is a need for all of us to be going, John especially- You best go home, there is a chance we mayn’t be home before tomorrow…” He winced visibly and pulled his phone away slightly as Mr Holmes yelled loud enough for Greg and John to hear the muffled noise of his voice. “Yes- Yes I know, goodbye.”
Though he supposed he’d inevitably get bored of it after enough matches, things like this could only be exciting for so long.
“I think I'm gonna break up with her.” He said, still a bit uneasy at the idea, unsure of the repercussions.
“Well I told you I’d show you, so this is it.” Mycroft spoke, making a half-hearted gesture. This wasn’t really how he’d planned it to go down, trust Sherlock to ruin that. “Nothing too dangerous, well, nothing that can hurt you if you’re careful.”
Sherlock went rigid again, focused once more on the man, who was now stretching to reach something, his sleeve falling down to reveal a tattoo with an odd symbol. “That’s him, right, I have to go, Mrs Hudson knows you’re with me I’ll text her to put it on my tab. Next time, we’ll have a proper date, just us two, then maybe you can join the chase.” He smirked, and John’s brain melted, he was unsure of what was happening at this point or what was about to follow, but he was regretting bringing Rosie with him now he couldn’t take part in it.
“Uh sure.” He pulled his phone from his pocket and handed it to the younger boy. “Who told you I’m muggleborn?”
Sherlock kissed him, hard, curling his fingers inside John pushing against the soft spot that made John moan into his mouth, melting against him.
Th time dragged out, all of which, the boy on the stool spent staring straight ahead, his eyes vacant as if he wasn’t present in his own body.
Sherlock felt a sense of pride that he had this, that he could calm John down and nobody else could. When John panicked he didn’t go to Sarah or Greg or Mike, he went to Sherlock.
“I plan on getting you to a broom for a start. You can use mine for now, until I can nick one from the shed to keep at the spot. We’ll work from there. I at least want you to be able to fly in a straight line by the end of tonight.”
“My- My parents, like I told you over summer- Look at them!” John replied, tugging on Sherlock’s sleeve to drag him into the field of view where he should have been able to see. “Its them- the way they were before she got sick- look how happy they are.”
“Rubik’s.” John replied simply, he didn’t sound it out in syllables like he was talking to a child. Most muggle-borns were prone to doing that to purebloods. Then again he supposed it was a pleasantry that came as a result of Sherlock not babying him when it came to incantations. “Some Hungarian bloke made it in the seventies.” John replied, reading off the back of the packaging that had been discarded onto the middle seat.
“Gregory!” Mycroft called as they approached, Greg was just finished talking to a group of girls and turning to go through the portal wall. Within a heartbeat Greg turned round to face the two. “Gregory, have you seen Sherlock?” He asked, out of breath as the Gryffindor stared at them like they were aliens.
“God this feels weird.” Greg spoke, as they walked into the great hall, just before they separated into their houses for the first years to be sorted. Mycroft gave him a look, the quirk of the eyebrow questioning. “Think, Myc, we won’t ever get to watch this again.”
“Wrong.” Sherlock muttered, leaning over John’s shoulder. He pointed to the answer and John was quick to change it. It wasn’t tutoring, they were just being with each other and often times both had homework. John couldn’t bear the thought of Sherlock tutoring him again, not after what he said. “You’re being careless, I know you know this, are you tired?”
John shifted a little bit with the motions, but he didn’t complain, he knew Sherlock liked the soft fabric under his fingers.
Greg was silent for a moment, his thoughts were spinning around his head so fast Mycroft couldn’t hear anything but noise when he looked at the Gryffindor.
The Ravenclaw shrugged again, nodding. “Yeah, she had dirt on all her friends, gets close enough for secrets and then makes them do her bidding. Manipulated them. Learned from the best.”
He just needed to figure out how it was done, and to prove it, he’d find a way, even if he was trapped in here.
Greg gave a hum in response, a soft smile and the hint of a blush tinting his cheeks. “Pretty well actually, he’s a lot better than you’d think when you get to know him.” He replied. John wanted to roll his eyes and reply with
John caught him staring, once he’d shouldered the hockey bag he kept his broom in. “Oh, uhm, Rugby, no big shakes.”
He was even more surprised when there was a package in the post for him, on the second day of Christmas break.
Their conversation was much colder than Greg’s had been with his own father. John was just glad he wasn’t stupid enough to call his father in the same compartment as them. He probably wouldn’t call him if they were in the same building, knowing how his dad could get.
Greg breathed out a breath, smiling gently, glancing up at Mycroft. “I'm going to do something now, and I need you to tell me if its not okay.”
He was never usually one to question his daughters fashion sense, he didn’t see the reason in telling her she had to wear what he wanted. But the wellingtons came as a bit of a surprise.
“I’m glad, this chair is a pain in the ass.” He smiled again as Greg laughed as quietly as he could manage
The day before last, where the leavers would celebrate and the teachers would pretend not to notice the younger students that sneaked their way into the celebration, nor the elders drinking fire-whiskey, Greg cornered him in the library.
“I have something to tell you.” Greg said after  a moment of silence that Mycroft presumed he was using to collect himself.
“Somebody cursed it.” Mycroft replied as he reached the realisation, to his knowledge snitches weren’t normally supposed to cause injury to the holder.
Class with Sherlock was everything he’d thought it would be, busy, difficult, annoying. Sherlock had two modes of being, either silent or blathering like he’d never stop.
He hadn't seen sherlock outside of lessons and tutoring for a while, the Ravenclaw seemed to have stopped attending meals. He had missed Sherlock completely for the week they got flooded with exams.
It was just him, and John. They were standing the same way, except for their hands. They were interlocked in the reflection, Sherlock looked down at his own hand, feeling uncomfortably empty now he’d seen it, he clenched it and looked back up.
“I’d hardly call it that. Idle conversation maybe, should get our first round without charge. ” Mycroft replied. Sure, enough the bartender set down the two bottles and waved Greg off when he tried to hand her the money. Taking a sip of his drink, Mycroft turned to face Greg, he didn’t particularly like butterbeer, but he couldn’t be bothered asking for anything else. It wasn’t like he could buy much at seventeen in a bar. His confidence faltered when he properly registered the Gryffindor’s frustration.  “Are you alright?”
“Episkey.” He spoke gently, and Greg gasped, clenching his fist tight for a minute as the effects of the spell worked themselves into his skin, before flexing his wrist. “Healing spell, to save you the visit to Promfrey. I’m sure your team are waiting Gregory.”
“Sherlock? Listen to me okay? Just take deep breaths, it sounds stupid, but it’ll help, I promise.” John whispered, still holding him, rubbing gentle circles into his back. “Follow mine okay?” He offered. “Sherlock you have to agree to it or I won’t know.”
“Your phone, and your clothes. Clothes, worn, second hand, you don’t really like them yet you still wear them. That shows lack of money, well lack of muggle money, you father buys them, obviously, no mother would let their child wear clothes with holes in them. The phone is where everything else comes in, the engraving for a start, Harry, your brother, who gave you the phone and Clara, now who’s she? The x’s say lover, gift says wife not girlfriend. Would have kept it if she left him, sentiment, funny thing, but he gave it to you. Firstly, it’s a sign he wants you to keep in touch, judging by the way you’ve tried to scratch the engraving off you aren’t intending to, but it’s also a way to get rid of the guilt. Scratches around the charging port show alcoholism, usually runs in families, ergo your dad, given the lack of a mother.”
After enough staring at the door, Mycroft sunk to the floor and placed his head in his hands. Even though he knew there wasn’t anything he could have done it still swirled in his mind that he
“Sherlock you gormless pillock! I swear to god if you-“ He stopped dead in his tracks to find Sherlock simply standing, wand somewhat sheathed in the belt loop of his jeans, looking at Mycroft with mock confusion and concern.
John followed shortly after. “Oh fuck.” His voice came from behind, before he ran forward, kneeling beside her, and placing the hearing pieces of the stethoscope in his ears like he had a dozen times before, pressing the bell to her chest. “Heartbeat is steady, slightly quick.” Sherlock watched as he checked her neck, and wrists, and then listened to her breathing. “She’s breathing steady.”
He refused to let go. He ran with them to the hospital wing, still holding Greg’s hand as he lay in the stretcher. They’d since put him to sleep, but the words
John didn’t flinch as much as he expected he would, but Sherlock was having none of it. “Lay another hand on him and you won’t live to regret it.”
do, never what he can. Never that he can ace a written exam with one hundred per cent, never that he can save a life in a quidditch match, never that he can put up with a Ravenclaw prick for longer than ten minutes.” Sherlock spoke, with no sign of stopping. “You look at magic as something you can’t do because you’re muggle-born and everybody has had a head-start but it’s that very thought, not your lack of experience that is holding you back. Magic comes naturally to us, we’ve known about it since cognitive thought was even established, and you didn’t know until you were twelve. But none of that should matter, because when you hold your wand and you feel that power flooding through your veins, the moment you say the incantation it should flow. But its that thought, that word,
Carefully Sherlock pulled the ribbon and unfolded the paper, in the box was a cube, with buttons and switches.
“Yes of course I do, thank you.” Sherlock replied, swiping the paper from her hand and sprinting down the hall.
John drew his knees up to his chin, trying to avoid Sherlock’s stare, knowing that if he stared back he’d blush again. “I’ve wanted to be a doctor from I was little. I used to play doctor all the time when I was a kid. When she got time off work I used to diagnose her with a fake sickness, and I’d stick the thermometer in her mouth and listen to her heart. When-“ He coughed. “Wh-When she actually got sick, really sick, I’d bring my stethoscope when we went to visit. It was fake obviously, a toy, it didn’t work. But I didn’t really think that day, when- when I couldn’t hear anything from it, that it would be an accurate reading.”
There was a moment of silence. That moment felt like years to Sherlock, who was left feeling very vulnerable.
And so, for the next six months that was how it was. They maintained a fairly regular sleep pattern, aside from late night cases and the rare unresolved arguments. When John turned his back to Sherlock, removing his hoodie, Sherlock knew that John wanted it on.
He didn’t have a pet, a familiar of sorts, he wanted one. He wanted an owl, they were mysterious, sleek and simplistically attractive. Mummy didn’t like them, and Mycroft refused him, so he was left without one.
In a fit of haste, he got dressed and presentable, sprinting up the stairs, his cane left leaning against his desk.
But other than that, he didn’t see anything appealing in women. Though truthfully he saw nothing in men either.
Both of Sherlock’s parents are perfectly normal, welcoming and kind. John was quite surprised given the two robots they’d produced as children. Then again, his father was an alcoholic and his mother suffered from presumed Stockholm syndrome, yet he turned out pretty normal as far as he was concerned. He thanked them for the Christmas present and the Easter egg they’d sent to him whilst he was still at school, and they waved him off with a knowing smile.
John allowed Sherlock’s head to rest against his shoulder, despite the tears now soaking into his pyjama top, he ignored the strange jump in his stomach when the Ravenclaw snaked his arms around his waist, holding firmly.
To is relief Sherlock’s father nodded, a gentle smile on his face. “I was a sprinter too, young man, I understand.”
“I can’t- I-I can’t think. I-It hurts John.” He stammered out a whisper after what felt like a year of silence. He was looking for an answer.
Sherlock had his gaze trained to John, who was taking his place in front of the goal hoops. Unsurprisingly, John initiated the greeting, raising a hand in a calm wave, but to Mycroft’s disbelief Sherlock nodded back at him, smiling softly.
“I’m sure you’ve realised by now that I’m not here to talk to you about books.” He spoke, the stern tone to his voice sent an uncomfortable shiver down John’s spine and made his skin prickle with unease.
When John’s arm was healed, Sherlock didn’t help him take it off anymore, going back to watching from the other side of the bed, as he got himself undressed.
“I don’t doubt it.” John replied, it wasn’t until he got out of the car to grab his stuff from the boot did Sherlock notice the bruises littered up his arms. They ranged in size, and colour, some brown, some black, some blue, some sickening mixtures of all three.
“There’s every point if you’ll stop worrying.” She quipped back and he let out an exasperated sigh, her persistence could be just as aggravating as potentially helpful.
“Well I don’t know where to go from there.” He laughed a little, wincing slightly as it hurt to do so. He didn’t doubt Sherlock knew he had a crush, but he’d rather wait until he didn’t feel like he was being stabbed repeatedly in the stomach before he acted on it.
Greg gave another nervous laugh. He was so used to Mycroft knowing everything, handling it all himself, it was a surprising change when he had to take control, and lead Mycroft through something instead. “Slightly yeah, considering it’s been quite a while, I mean, we love each other right?”
Greg sighed and kissed Mycroft on the cheek, he hated when the other implied he insulted him. “Yes, love, I know but that’s not the point. For seconds, Sherlock, no doubt, will pick up on why
He’d tried his best to be more polite in the beginning, and gradually ease John into the mess that would be life with him, if he did choose to stay.
“Then apologise.” The Hufflepuff replied simply. “Just tell him you didn’t mean it. Its not rocket science. He’s a human lie detector isn’t he? He’ll know if you’re sincere.”
It wasn’t as if there hadn't been staffroom romances, there was a married couple of teachers for Christ’s sake. For them, however, it was rather different.
John glanced over at him, he hadn’t even lifted his head. He gave a hum of acknowledgement to the statement and went back to reading.
‘If you’re worried about your swan, I wasn’t going to hurt it either; I just… thought it was unusual and beautiful, and wanted to take a closer look at it’. Even with the lack of light, Sherlock could see and hear sincerity coming from the stranger. He preened a bit at being called unusual and beautiful; preened figuratively, of course, not in a swan’s manner. He inwardly huffed at his own reaction. Wasn’t he pathetic?
angry with Mycroft, but he also knew it wasn’t really deserved. Again, he had to remind himself that some swans in the flock had influential and loving relatives, but nobody had come to free them either.
There had been no mysteries to solve, except for the one he’d failed to solve… Once he had been physically capable of flying, he had inspected the barrier, both above the area (oh, how he hated to be that high above the ground! His heart had been in his throat the whole time, until he'd finally landed) and at its borders. He had deduced that it had a shape of a deformed and upturned bowl covering the area. He had even tried to dig a tunnel under its border, but that hadn’t worked either: the barrier went down into the ground and he couldn’t tell how deep it was, as he had very limited physical abilities to dig deep enough. He’d kept trying until he exhausted himself, he’d come back the next day and the day after that, even though his body had been sore and his feet painfully abraded, but, no matter how deep he’d dug, the barrier seemed endless.
emotionally affected by everything that had transpired in his life, but, no, he didn’t want to go insane and become mentally disabled. Pierre and Francesca, for example, seemed to have managed to keep their sanity perfectly intact. They had their own occupations and, perhaps, their education played its own role, as they kept holding onto the knowledge they’d gained in their past: books they’d read, things they’d been taught. Sherlock knew they’d been repeating those things to themselves to avoid forgetting them. Sometimes they shared some things with others. Francesca also liked to compose her own stories and tell them to those who were willing to listen. With nothing else to do, most members of the flock were quite interested. It was useless, in Sherlock’s opinion, but remembering or composing did make the brain work in some ways. It was better than just swimming, eating, sleeping or chit-chatting all day long. He was perfectly aware that sanity and intelligence were two completely separate entities, but, having nothing to occupy his unordinary mind with, was detrimental for his sanity, without doubt.
‘Daddy is home! Did you miss me, my beauties?!’ he exclaimed cheerfully. As always, the usual silence from the swans didn’t bother him. ‘Today is an eventful and important day for all of us. You all should gather at the water’s line so that we can begin without delay’, the sorcerer announced. Tentative and suspicious, the flock started moving to the water’s line, and those who had been in the water to begin with, joined those on the shore. Everyone was tense, but no one dared to disobey. Sherlock didn’t move from his spot, just to be difficult, and Archie was at his side. ‘Sherley, love, it concerns you as well. In fact, it concerns you more than any of us, so don’t make us wait. It’s your show and you can’t miss it’, Moriarty insisted, his mood oddly forgiving and just as cheerful as before. Sherlock sighed to himself with irritation and did as he had been told, just for the sake of making Moriarty piss off. He hoped that, whatever it was on the sorcerer’s mind, was going to end soon, and he would leave them all alone again. It was a good enough reason to cooperate and make it happen sooner. Archie was close on his heels as the older swan moved closer to the flock.
There was also Henry, who was just as terrified of the hounds as Sherlock was when they could just hear the beasts, especially at nights. Henry wasn't very sociable either.
When the drug (heroin) had finally been cooked up and administered, Sherlock was shaking in both anguish and relief.
Sherlock always knew about the flock’s new ways of entertaining themselves and about most of their changes by deducing them, hearing their conversations at the lake or seeing their activities at their building, which he could see from the entrance of his, but he hardly ever visited them there, believing that, if he did, it would have been expected of him to let them into his chapel more, which he decidedly didn’t want. He did, however, allow Francesca, Henry and Pierre to borrow some of his books, as they promised to return them before their transformation back into swans; they just borrowed again the next night to continue reading. The same went to some other things, such as an occasional request for a pair of scissors or a knife from one member of the flock or another. Sherlock was very protective of his few belongings and they knew it, treating them with utmost respect. Every item was his treasure. He ended up just giving away one of his knives, nonetheless, just because it had made requests even fewer.
Sherlock and others didn’t mature like real swans did. It took years for his grey fluff and brown feathers to change into proper plumage of an adult swan. When it happened to Sherlock, he was surprised to discover that, unlike all of the other swans in the group, whose feathers were snow white, his plumage was black, apart from the white flight feathers on his wings. He’d known he was a different species, because he hadn’t really looked like the other juvenile swans, but he hadn’t expected to be
This, all of this, wasn’t real, was it? He didn’t know how, but this world was a fairy tale he was stuck in, except he was doomed, fairy tale or not. Mind Palace… Of course, he was in his Mind Palace, trapped and living another life. How was he supposed to come back? Was it even possible now? Mycroft had told him it was his own fault, but Sherlock still failed to understand what exactly he had meant. As Moriarty had told him, he was too deep, so he had no access to the data he required to comprehend what was really happening and why.
Some human-swans found it amusing to watch their bad-tempered, ‘crowned’ neighbour venting his rage like that.
Everything that happened next was like a hazy dream, and Sherlock was partially certain that it was. He was crawling on the ground, falling forward repeatedly, his own rapid heartbeat and breathing loud in his ears. Everything was different and strange, including the breathing. Moriarty was telling him something, once more joyful and derisive, but Sherlock could barely hear him. Getting away and hiding was all he wanted now. And he kept crawling, even as consciousness was abandoning him.
Queen Regent Martha was at the entrance door to greet her heir with some noblemen and noblewomen close behind her. John approached and kissed her hand. She smiled and embraced him.
‘Yes. My arm is still in some discomfort, but it has been like this the entire evening. It’s not anything new’.
Heroin was his second choice. Luckily enough, he had enough of citric acid powder in the kitchen to dissolve it properly. Requesting it from a man who did the shopping for him (one of Mycroft’s lackeys, who appeared once in a few days specifically for that purpose) would’ve made everything obvious, especially to Mycroft, who, no doubt, monitored everything.
The desire to spend more time with this Mind Palace friend was making Sherlock almost unconsciously increase his doses of drugs. John (the real one) kept calling every day, and it was taking more and more from Sherlock to act as if nothing was the matter, while, on the inside, he was begging:
Sherlock tried his best not to be jealous, as he was watching John possibly choosing his future wife. The Prince didn’t seem very interested in anyone yet, but Sherlock did tense up when the blond man seemed curious about the moody Spanish noblewoman in a dark-blue gown. He didn’t currently feel very inspired to deduce all those women, but many deductions just came to him naturally, so he could tell which of them would make better queens and which of them were more suitable for John’s personality, though, admittedly, Sherlock was bad at everything that had anything to do with romantic relationships, so his deductions could be questioned, even though they were merely practical and could’ve been somewhat helpful. He started hoping, against all hopes, that John wouldn’t choose this time. It was possible, seeing that the Prince hadn’t yet displayed any sort of real interest in any of his guests. So, Sherlock couldn’t completely rule out that John would visit the next night and everything would continue as before, at least until the Prince would have to leave Bavaria. He didn’t want to deceive himself, but he couldn’t help hoping.
‘Why?’ one of his unwanted companions asked curiously, as they kept following him, walking when he walked and flying when he flew low above the ground to be able to keep making his observations.
Sherlock would’ve allowed him. He could even see some appeal in it. Perhaps, he wouldn’t have been able to enjoy it like many people did, but he’d have enjoyed John’s closeness, his warmth, his touch. He would’ve enjoyed the knowledge that John was able to take pleasure from him, that his ‘transport’ was desired and taken pleasure from. Sherlock, actually, couldn’t rule out having a very physical reaction to that sort of stimuli; it was obvious John was a giving lover. In addition, Sherlock’s feelings for him could’ve contributed to it.
‘Sherlock’, he murmured, too busy scrutinising the person in front of him to care about pleasantries. The results of is deductions were quite unexpected.
‘Your sh-shoulder?’ Another sudden spell of dizziness made Sherlock close his eyes. He hadn’t managed to deduce it before. He’d rather thought John had had something wrong with his leg, even though something hadn’t felt right about that observation, but now it was like some pieces were coming together. It almost felt like John was
He warned John when he knew he was about to start changing. It was a slightly odd experience to have in front of another person. Once he was in his swan form and the dizziness had abated, he focused his, now sharper, eyes on the blond man. There was both worry and awe on John’s face. Sherlock wished he could still talk to him.
the ball, which was a necessary politeness for a host. She wanted to be addressed to simply as 'Mary', and he liked it as well.
He wasn’t always apprehensive about it if he had enough drugs in him to suppress the anxiety, but now he needed to shoot up again, because he was starting to display usual withdrawal symptoms and had to ring off as soon as he could. At the same time, he desperately wanted to keep hearing John’s voice. He didn’t even like talking on the phone, especially if it had anything to do with small talk, but now he just didn’t mind; he wasn’t the one who did most of the talking anyway. He thought he didn’t even care what his friend was talking about, as long as he could hear him. But then…
‘You may come in’, he said, not turning to the boy, but loudly enough for him to hear. The tentative, but not scared, footsteps told him that his invitation had been accepted. The young guest sat down by the fire, not feeling intimidated by Sherlock at all. The man was still busy with his experiment, but, at the same time, he was watching the boy out of the corner of his eye. It was the first time he’d had a chance to take a good look at the newcomer in his human form. The child was about eleven years old, just like Sherlock had been. He wondered if it was another one of Moriarty’s ways of teasing him somehow. Just like Sherlock himself, the new boy was an Englishman. He did look sullen, and, at first, Sherlock thought the boy was like that after his ordeal, but it didn’t take long for him to deduce that this sweet-looking child, as most people would, undoubtedly, characterise his appearance, just normally wasn’t as sweet as many people would’ve expected him to be. Sherlock realised that he had yet to hear the boy talk, wondering if the child was mute, but doubting it, at the same time, because there wasn’t enough data for such a conclusion.
At first, nothing was happening. The sun was slowly moving towards the horizon, but its orange glow suddenly disappeared from the lake’s surface. There were some odd, distorted images on it instead, but then the work of sorcery bloomed into a large moving picture of a huge, rather impressive hall, full of very well dressed nobles and royals. There were a few surprised or mesmerised gasps from the members of the flock. Sherlock ignored them. It took him a few more moments to conclude that it was John’s castle, a nice piece of property here, in a foreign duchy, a foreign country. Sherlock had read an illustrated book about it, the book that John had brought him once, so he could recognise the castle’s great hall, which was also its throne room. It looked like what Sherlock was currently seeing was actually happening in the castle at this exact moment, at least from what he could see behind the windows of the hall.
?’ John asked seriously. He was a person who wore his heart on his sleeve. He didn’t like glaringly withheld things or half-truths, and he expected straightforward answers. Sherlock wasn’t sure how to answer, though. Understandably, it was best for the both of them to just part their ways, once and for all, yet, his lips parted and he uttered a soft ‘
‘If you don’t want me to watch you changing, I could go take a walk’, the guest suggested. Sherlock hoped that his next croon sounded like a negative answer. He wasn’t, indeed, very comfortable with it, but he was even less comfortable with John leaving, even if it was just for a while. He took time looking around and deducing John. Even though it didn’t matter any longer, he was thoughtful enough to, once more, leave the crossbow at the entrance. It was resting against the wall, this time together with the quiver full of bolts. Obviously, John’s way here had been safe and he hadn’t encountered any danger, which both was and wasn’t good, because Sherlock knew that the man was only happy to have at least a brief, dangerous adventure. John’s, more or less simple, but still good quality clothes were making it clear that the man hadn’t wanted to attract much of attention on his way here. The colours were all dark or neutral and there were barely any decorations. He, actually, preferred it to attires that identified him as a royal person. He felt more relaxed like this. The night earlier he hadn’t been wearing anything regal or particularly decorated either. He had been on a hunt, after all. Yet, good, but simpler clothes, obviously, felt more like a second skin to him.
And so, he’d always tried to occupy and stimulate himself with anything at all, at least after a year and a half, or so, of living as a swan. He didn’t have hands, let alone any equipment, to conduct any real experiments. But he had been using his observational skills to study plants, fungi, insects, other birds; even rocks and soils. Swans had very sharp eyesight and could see ultraviolet, which was interesting to use during his explorations. If he encountered anything that he had no name for, for example, a plant or some sort of an unfamiliar process, he named them for his own use. With his limited resources and physical abilities, not much had been discovered, but there were some things that could hold his interest, at least for a while.
‘Oh, no… ’ John sighed and shook his head half-heartedly. ‘He does that sometimes. And he's trying too hard’, he chuckled.
‘Yes, yes, I know, cygnets aren’t the best looking creatures, but it gets better’, Sherlock suddenly heard behind his back. He turned instantly, despite the clumsiness of this alien body. Moriarty was there, sitting on a large boulder and looking at him, mockingly apologetic. He couldn’t tell if the sorcerer had been there the whole time and the boy had failed to notice him before.
It took the older swan unforgivably long to notice John’s crossbow still in the boy’s hands, slightly heavier and bigger than someone of his size and age could find comfortable enough to wield. Obviously, the Prince had been upset enough to leave without his valued weapon. Sherlock hoped he’d at least got back to the castle safely.
sorry, Sherlock. You always knew you were bound to lose. You always knew John had made his choice, the right choice. Why do you keep fighting it, even though you know it? Let him live his own life. You’re not even the white swan in this fairy tale. You do understand what it means, don’t you?’ she asked, as if talking to a slow-witted child, softly. Of course, he knew what she meant. It meant that
The transformation was particularly unpleasant that night, to say the least. His wing didn’t really move though, remaining firmly pressed against him. When the change was complete, Sherlock was still bandaged over his clothes and his arm was pressed against him; not even the pressure of the bandage changed. It meant he actually had a chance to heal, but there was no way to tell if he’d be able to fly again or operate his arm just as well as before. The pain and worry had exhausted him so much that he just kept lying on the ground. He used his cloak as a blanket and someone put his or her wrapped up cloak under his head (it was Henry's, as Sherlock later deduced). Most members of the flock left to their usual place, but some stayed, just in case Sherlock or Beatrice, who still didn’t move, needed something.
He woke up in the morning with a slight hangover and Gertrude’s leg over his thighs, her dark-blonde head resting on his shoulder. She was still asleep when he quietly and carefully freed himself from her embrace. He knew it was best to leave now, so they could avoid any awkward conversations. It was highly unlikely they would see each other again, but he would send a discreet servant to her later with a gift (a pendant or anything like that). He hoped she wouldn’t be insulted by it. They were from different cultures, even though they had a lot in common. He hoped she would understand that he wasn’t treating her like a harlot by sending her a gift, but rather wanted to express his genuine gratitude for the great time and apologise for leaving her like this. She could keep or sell the gift if she wished.
He was on the wedding again, playing the song he had composed for John and Mary; the one he had grown to hate. They were dancing, as he was performing it, and they weren’t noticing that the music he was playing was becoming increasingly more ominous, dark, desperate and heavily out of tune. It was deafening and it was sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine, making him shudder and clench his teeth together, as he was moving the bow over the strings rather furiously now. The newlyweds and their guests were too happy to notice. The music kept playing, even as he threw his violin against the floor, shattering it. The music kept playing, even as he buried his head in his hands, screaming, and screaming, and screaming, but not hearing himself; just the ominous song that John and Mary kept dancing to.
He had a set of keys of his own again (thanks to Mycroft), so he decided to enter without bothering Mrs Hudson. He’d greet her later, as soon as he checked on Sherlock. The house was watched by Mycroft’s agents, so, if anything had happened, John would’ve been informed. For that reason, he wasn’t very worried now, he just wanted to be sure.
‘Must you frighten me so?’ the Queen smiled again, feigning shock half-heartedly. She didn’t hate Harry, she hadn’t really cut ties with her, either, even though Harry’s lifestyle wasn’t making their reputation any favours. It was Harry’s own decision to stay away from the royal affairs.
They never discussed the upcoming ball, but it was easy to deduce when it was going to happen when John visited the night before the event. They didn’t talk about it.
1. In the ballet the Prince has a tutor named Wolfgang. I really like the character, but I couldn't include anyone like him in the story, simply because John is too old for having a tutor, so I thought it would be odd. I decided to include Mike Stamford, instead, who's John's good friend and someone who shares (or, at least, used to share) his interest in studying medicine.
On the coffee table, his shaking hands opened the transparent cellophane bag that contained another bag, made of crinkly paper. Inside, there were smaller packets and glass bottles, mostly full of different powders and pills, but there were also ampoules, meant for medicinal use, in cardboard boxes, such as diamorphine hydrochloride and other official pharmaceutical products that were only available on prescription (not in this particular case, of course). Some of them had very slightly exceeded their shelf life, but Sherlock knew they were still perfectly usable.
The very next night he informed Sherlock that the message had been sent. Sherlock just nodded, feeling a lump in his throat and not trusting himself to speak. It would take a while for the message to be delivered, and Sherlock would have to force himself to avoid thinking about it, to the best of his ability.
‘They are not useless. I’m glad you’ve brought them. I’d never thought I’d meet someone from out there’.
‘I’m so sorry that I cannot be more helpful. I wish I could do more for you than just bring you all those useless things’. He knew he sounded a little frustrated now.
Apparently, most of them had spent the whole time since the change at the lake, looking at their reflections, touching their own faces or their companions’. Each one of them had been much younger last time he or she had seen his or her own reflection. Some could barely recognise themselves any more, but they knew it was they nonetheless, just older. They, too, moved somewhat stiffly and a bit odd due to such significant anatomical changes. They were also marvelling at their fine clothes and expensive fabrics they were made of. While Sherlock huffed about them being childish about it, he was secretly touching his smooth face, now and then, and he really enjoyed touching the fabric of his clothes; black velvet in particular.
They decided not to waste a minute this time and, as soon as most of them regained their senses and overcame dizziness and confusion, they started planning their short trip to the ‘fence’. Francesca was quick to take most of the planning upon herself to both organise everyone and to voice her ideas on their safety, since the hounds were more likely to hunt at nights and, generally, were more active at night-time. They formed a group of seven people and Sherlock decided to join. He was terrified of the hounds, but there was no way he could miss seeing what was going to happen. He seriously doubted they would achieve anything at all, but he wanted to see everything with his own eyes. Others were staying behind, because if there were too many of them, they were more likely to attract attention sooner. The majority of the flock were staying at the lake. There were four of them who were still reeling after the transformation, but two ladies among them were only pretending to feel ill, because they felt nervous that they’d be required to go with the group, and one of them was also a bit lazy to be a part of it when others could do it for her. They just didn’t want others to accuse them of cowardice or of making others do all the work, so they were pretending, just in case. There was nothing really unusual about this sort of behaviour when it came to groups of people. Sherlock bit his lip to avoid deducing them aloud. He just smirked to himself, due to the theatrics of those two and the amount of attention it was earning them. He shrugged it off, deciding to focus on the task at hand.
Later that day, he met his dear friends who had arrived not long before he had. They, too, had been tricked into coming here. Queen Martha had known he’d be happier if he had them by his side. They didn’t know, however, the real reason for them being here.
‘Archie’, the boy introduced himself after a little less than an hour of just watching. Well, that disproved the already doubtful assumption that the child was mute.
If he shared his observations and odd feelings, would people think he was insane? His family members probably wouldn’t think anything like that, but they’d always believed that he had a very vivid imagination, ‘shockingly vivid’ at times, and, otherwise, was a very unusual child with unusual interests and cast of mind, which, of course, they were right about. He didn’t agree about his imagination, though. He didn’t imagine anything, he explored and analysed! So what that he used to play pirates?
place and nobody was welcome. He wondered if it was just him being his usual anti-social self or there was actually something in him from a swan, making him so territorial. He concluded that it was just him, desiring to have his own space, as always. He didn’t share. Unless… Unless what? It was as if there could have been a person (or
Making sure he wasn't followed by his concerned friends or guards, he made it to the stables. Stable boys weren’t there at such a late hour, so John had to tack up his favourite dapple-grey mare without any help. Not that it was in any way new or unusual. He couldn’t remember ever doing it so quickly, though. He also hadn’t forgotten to take his crossbow and a quiver full of bolts with him. As soon as he was done, he mounted the horse and urged her on, as fast as she could go. All he could think of was that Sherlock was in grave danger and John could lose him forever.
allowed to postpone his choice a little, but what was the point if, in any case, he would have to choose from women who were currently present? Out of all of them, Mary was the only one who appeared to be a kindred spirit, someone whom he already liked and found interesting in so many ways. And, if he announced his choice now, others wouldn’t linger here for long, or, rather, he wouldn’t have to spend much time with them for a few more days, pretending to be in the process of making up his mind. If he made his choice tonight and voiced it, people would stay for about a week as guests, but nobody would be trying to fight for his attention or expect anything special from him, personally. He’d even be able to spend more time with Sherlock, instead of entertaining the guests days on end and becoming too exhausted by nights. He’d have enough time to build or strengthen good relations with all of these people once he’s king. They weren’t enemies to begin with.
With careful fingers, Sherlock pulled the wrapping apart, the paper completely intact when it was off, leaving the box in its state, minimalistic with the logo printed on the top. He glanced up at John - who’d been watching him intently - eyebrow raised. “Armani?” He muttered, like he was trying to tell himself that, rather than questioning John.
John hated that question. He hated thinking about his future. A future that had somewhat been taken from him by wizardry, simply because he sucked major horse cock at wizardry itself. He’d been good at his sciences back in muggle school. He had a plan.
Sherlock tried to pay attention to what John was saying, as they drove back to the Holmes residence in the family’s black car, the driver just as silent as always.
The first quidditch practice of the year, Sarah hadn't shown, Dimmock had went over the rules. He’d been a good player and was a strict Captain. John wasn’t as close to him as he was with Greg but he was tolerable.
Greg looked for some small gifts for the quidditch team whilst they were there, he wasn’t stupid enough to try to buy Mycroft anything when the prefect was with him. Mycroft would manage to sneakily buy Greg something, however, and he’d probably get Anthea something too while he was at it. She was the only other person he tolerated, save from his brother on occasion and Greg. Despite her insipid texting, when she actually got into the conversation she could be quite funny, and her sense of humour wasn’t anything shy of dark. Besides, he owed her something for helping him get intel around the castle, she had a connection with practically every muggle-born and half-blood that owned a phone.
Sherlock spun on his heel to see another teacher at his door, standing in the door frame. He was a shorter man in a beige cable knit jumper and jeans. He was fairly short and just as soft, in nature he was firm yet polite and could shut down an entire classroom with a single yell.
“Here, it’ll make this less uncomfortable.” Greg spoke, taking a step closer and pulling Mycroft into a side sort-of-embrace, his hand rested firm against the taller boy’s waist. This was considerably less uncomfortable, and quite warm, but sort of awkward. “You’re a berk. Put your hand on my waist or in my pocket or something.” Greg laughed. “Either that or you’re gonna have to magic a bigger brolly.”
Was Greg’s threat, so he was left in his white dress shirt, tie abandoned, and the first two buttons undone.
The conversation had ranged from praise of Greg and John for normalising their sons, both of which had scowled at them as they did so. To talk of what acid killed off exotic primrose the quickest and Mycroft glaring at Sherlock so harshly John suspected he was plotting murder in his mind.
John grinned at the look of surprise on Sherlock’s face. “Danse Macabre, you told me you liked it, remember?” It had taken him forever to find the sheet music for it, but he was lucky that he only had to look at it once.
It was the last day of school. Sherlock hadn't slept since they’d let him out for the night of celebration which was kind of them, he supposed.
Before he could embarrass himself, or John could embarrass him more he decided to try and shush him and get him out. He preferred to get his social life out of his life at school, preferring to keep up the persona that teachers eat, sleep and breathe school. “Yes, thank you, Mr Watson, we are aware of the severity that hitting your head can become, thank you for your concern, will that be all?”
Suddenly John came back to life, sitting up, and staring at Sherlock. “Yours is a plant, what’s mine?”
“Yeah, tall dude, big nose, Slytherin? Cornered me in the middle of the night saying you needed to catch up on notes to stay in our potions class.”
“He’s my only friend, if you think for a second I will leave his side while he’s still in pain, for something as meagre as sleep, you are sorely mistaken.” He didn’t look up at her, his leg was jittering, he was still missing a sleeve off his shirt and all he could do was keep his focus on Greg, in a childlike fear that he’d miss something if he looked away.
It wasn’t until Greg pulled him aside after quidditch practice that he realised something was wrong.
“Conductor I assure you it isn’t, the boys are truthful in what they’re saying. You must take them back.” The nasally voice of Professor Flitwick came from behind them, and John gave Greg a grateful glance. “I hope your parents are informed, you may not arrive home until tomorrow morning.”
Sherlock’s mind went racing at those words, his thoughts rushing straight toward Mary. He couldn’t be Rosie’s father when Mary was her mother, dead or alive it didn’t matter, John didn’t want to let her go.
All the tables had been pushed together to form one union, for all of those who didn’t have family to go home to, or couldn’t go home to, to be united. John thought it was quite sweet.
“It isn’t your fault, Mycroft.” Anthea’s voice cut in, drawing him back from his thoughts, and her hand rested atop his clasped together, he blinked and loosened his grip on his own hands, noticing his knuckles burning white.
Sherlock had the unfortune that his name was written around his finger, so he chose to wear a ring in order to hide it, most people did after primary school, covering it with whatever they could. He felt sorry for those who had them on their faces, they were forced to wear makeup every day just to conceal them.
He wouldn’t lie and say he hadn’t thought about talking to him before. Seeing him every day across the playground as he waited for his class to line up was tempting, it would be so easy for him to walk over and attempt to strike up a conversation. He always stood prim and proper, in suits that looked somewhat expensive, and he liked to watch, observe might be the word, everyone else in the playground.
“You have a psychosomatic limp, you don’t believe it when your therapist tells you, though. She is right I’m afraid. You have a tan, that doesn’t extend over the wrists, so you haven’t been on holiday, but you
“I still don’t understand why blindfolding me was necessary, surely it would’ve been easier without it.” John spoke, as he pulled the scarf up off his face, blinking at the brightness of the room.
“I heard you’re really good at transfiguration, one of my mates, he’s struggling quite a bit with it, would you give him a hand?”
“No, why would I be- Oh, you’re expecting house loyalty aren’t you? Quite frankly I don’t give two shits, I'm coming to watch you. And I'm coming to watch you win, so win.”
“Well done, that was quite…” He’d never really given many compliments, but he knew the one thing he always liked to hear. “Uh, quite brilliant.”
Greg didn’t think Mycroft even knew what Morse code even was, did the wizarding world ever see the telegraph? He doubted it.
“Can we daddy?” She asked, having forgotten that John had said they were supposed to be meeting somebody specifically.
Unsure of why John was asking him to do so, he followed the instruction, and the scarf was just as comfortable around his neck as he’d expected. It was safe to say that he was pleased.
Their parents had a specific image in mind for the both of them, and neither Holmes boy wanted to adhere to it. Mycroft was so lucky he was finally moved out.
“And my limp? I’m sorry, you’re probably getting sick of this.” John replied, an amazed smile present on his face.
He ran it over his face, which was still sticky with the remains of John's arousal, that felt like a lifetime ago. He ran it quickly over the rest of his body before passing it to John, who followed his actions.
“If he’s not with you then it’s likely he’s with our parents. We usually meet them at the third pillar away from the portal.” Mycroft replied, eyeing John cautiously and frowning slightly more than he had been.
“You don’t know how to hold a quill, you hold it like you would hold a ballpoint pen, unused in the magic world, commonly used by muggles. As seen by the splatters, and the tears in the paper toward the beginning of each page. Half-bloods usually have some practice.”
Sherlock smiled again, and handed John his own package, ornately wrapped in nothing but what you’d expect from the Ravenclaw.
Greg untensed and allowed his head to drop back with a gentle smile. “I did kickboxing until I came here, if people want to chat shit, they can at their own risk.” He replied, holding his hand out again, more deliberately.
“Then Sherlock will have a friend.” He paused, noticing the look Greg was giving him. “At the very least.” He added, throwing his cards into the deck as Lestrade placed his last card down. This seemed to be the only game Greg could beat him at.
It was as if he’d been paralysed, it took him a few moments to even register what had happened, never mind choke out the password through his surprise.
He was shaken awake too soon to be wanted, but opened his eyes anyway, realising that he was still pressed against Sherlock, and the younger boy was still awake.
When Sherlock came back John was in his room, in his bed, curled in on himself. He was breathing quickly, not quite crying, but getting there.
She’d been very adamant to tell him that they were not under any circumstances to feed the ducks bread, she’d confiscated the tin of sweetcorn he was going to use for their dinner last night much to his inherent annoyance, but he allowed it nonetheless. In the end it was her that was grumbling given her distaste for peas.
Greg came into view at that, and Mycroft looked up, wiping his face quickly, had he been crying? He gave Greg a nod and raised a hand to tell him to be quiet.
“I gathered. You do have quite a striking resemblance, the eyes mostly, though the nose is quickly becoming. I will give you a brief overview of Rosamund’s performance this year and then you can ask in more depth if you have any queries or worries, work or otherwise.” Sherlock spoke gently, clicking onto whatever chart or notes he had on his laptop, John couldn’t see.
“It’s a thing for people who fidget. I see you play with your fingers all the time, tapping and fiddling with things. I thought you might like it? I know you like the way things feel and stuff, so I just thought…”
in Mycroft’s embrace, and he was groaning like he was in pain. His arms were wrapped tight around Mycroft’s torso, his forehead resting against the solar plexus as he choked out sobbed breaths. Mycroft simply held him, one hand at his side and the other at the back of his head. The side of his face was pressed against the top of Sherlocks head as though at one point he’d bent to kiss the curls and didn’t move, turning only but to breathe. The scene was quite surreal, considering the most contact he’d ever seen between the Holmes’ brothers was a kick under the table.
“What?” Greg replied, calmly, trying to avoid getting John worked up, but considering the boy currently had his face planted against the bar, he doubted that would be an issue.
“Uhm, I uh, I have to take this off, do you mind if I turn around?” John replied, he had an oversized hoodie in his hand, it didn’t take much to work out that John didn’t want him to look at him.
“Because there’s no fun in that.” He laughed, fading back into the crowd of people walking into the castle.
His reflexes were sluggish, his vision was blurring, and his head kept drooping as he struggled to keep it up and pay attention. This time he didn’t get hit in the face, he didn’t panic, he was just worse than usual.
The Ravenclaw was hanging from the broom upside-down like a sloth, he was about six feet in the air, so the fall wouldn’t kill him, but he was still reluctant to let go. “Jesus, maybe you’ll need a Cleansweep, I’ve heard they’re steady. A nimbus is certainly not doing you any favours.” John was holding back laughter.
“Too right,” Greg laughed, taking a nervous step around the greenhouse. “I think he’s made it a game never to call me by my actual name.”
“And you don’t think that it warrants anything else?” Sherlock furrowed his own brow, he could read John like a book; why
He could’ve sworn he would have noticed something like that, then again he was too busy sweating nervously under Snape’s glare to look around the classroom.
John was frowning as he read over it again to make sure he understood it correctly through the haze of exhaustion. “They… They want to keep him in isolation, because he’s not guilty but they don’t have another explanation. I can be his only classmate if I want, but that means that all my classes are gonna be with him and only him.”
“He’s our keeper, best one we’ve had since Wood, hell if he isn’t dedicated. He broke his arm our first match to save what would’ve been the winning goal. Nice lad too, muggle-born, he really seems to care about the team.” Lestrade replied. “Pick up two.” He added, and Mycroft rolled his eyes, taking the cards. “Why d’you want to know?”
“No, but you are. What are the symptoms of a panic-attack, you can’t tell me you’ve never read up on them, and I know for a fact once you read something, you remember it.”
“If you miss it terribly you could always become a teacher.” He restrained a smile when Greg elbowed him.
Sherlock didn’t speak a word, his expression was left unchanging as he walked down off the steps, taking a seat at the Ravenclaw table.
“So, what’s your game plan?” Lestrade asked, catching Mycroft in his stare, the deep brown piercing the prefects icy blue.
"What're you doing?" His tone wasn't one of outrage but asking for confirmation. He knew for a fact what Sherlock was doing. Unless it was an experiment, then he may as well shoot himself because no doubt would the taller man know in an instant, his feelings toward him.
“She’s decorating the hall with Adler.” A fourth year with an accent replied, glancing up at him like he was crazy, before rolling his eyes and going back to his book.
The head boy and girl held up the cup, and a roar went up from the table of blue, alongside him, and to his surprise, John Watson. It was unexpected given the Gryffindor’s quidditch born sense of house loyalty. Maybe he wasn’t as much of an idiot as Mycroft had thought.
He collapsed from the curled-up position when Sherlock’s arms wound around his waist. He didn’t know how much he liked that Sherlock was taller than him, but he supposed in times like this it was useful.
John hadn't expected Sherlock to be like this. He'd come to terms that Sherlock only bothered with something if he wanted it. He'd imagined the detective holding him for a fraction of a second before leaving again.
He had to wait in the hospital wing for an insufferable amount of time, he was concussed apparently, which meant he had to stay for an hour at least so they could make sure he didn’t fall asleep. Lestrade had volunteered to wait with him, Sherlock couldn’t really understand why he would, but he wasn’t going to object, Greg was the second least infuriating person in the castle.
His mind had been a bit wavy since Sherlock had shown him the mirror, but true to his word he had never even attempted to think about where the mirror was. Okay, maybe the thought had crossed his mind, but he’d made a promise to his friend and he was a man of his word.  His head was fuzzy, and his focus was gone.
The look of amusement on John’s face told Sherlock he’d been standing there long enough to hear his short lecture. He had a subtle look of pride written on his features, and Sherlock cocked a brow and the corner of his mouth quirked up.
He laughed at that. “My dad’s flat barely has a book in it besides maybe a porno mag, never mind a full library. Yeah its pretty swank, mate.”
“Disarm him and deck him in the face if he tries to kill you, won’t you?” Sherlock replied, and John grinned at him, shaking his head. He supposed Sherlock had realised that his posh accent paired with slang was highly entertaining. “Your disarmament charm was quite good the last time we practiced. Flitwick was impressed if I remember right.”
She pursed her lips in annoyance, before she gave up on her retort. “He will be alright Mr. Holmes.”
"Well after some thoroughly devised adjustments, I've decided it's an open relationship." Sherlock replied, his voice was low, hitting John's ears with a smoothness that made him shiver. "So get over here and tell me what you want. Sometime this year please."
house, it would be different from everybody else. What a stupid thought that was, eh?” John rambled, as Sherlock absentmindedly rubbed circles into the back of his hand.
“Father works for progressive wizardry at the ministry, he’s enrolled in a muggle university, that’s why he has a phone.” Sherlock explained, and John nodded, though he hadn't even realised progressive wizardry was a thing.
It was the least he could do to entertain himself. John was talking with Sergeant Donovan and Anderson, he wasn't too far away, but Sherlock couldn't be bothered listening to Donovan's criticisms, nor Andersons boring drawl that she seemed to adore.
Sherlock pulled his mouth away, using one of his hands to keep John from complaining. "No, do continue." He commanded gently, smirking softly as John began to fall apart, pushing into his hand.
The taller boy rolled his eyes, pushing the book in his hand against John’s chest, John swore he heard a grunt of annoyance, before taking a step back and flopping on to his bed. He didn’t even examine what the book was before Sherlock gave orders to him. “Go get it off her, she has a hip.” He spoke, pressing his hands together and resting his fingertips under his chin.
John rolled his eyes with a soft smile, glancing up to make sure Rosie wasn’t getting up to mischief, but she seemed too intent on taming a duck to be her friend, to find any.
He was never one to give hugs, never one to give human contact further than a handshake, but he felt like he needed this, probably more than Greg did. The reassurance that Greg was alive after what he’d just watched.
John sighed in frustration and turned on his heel to follow Mycroft, casting a wave back to Sherlock’s parents before turning quickly so he wouldn’t lose the Head Boy in their wild goose chase.
His hair had gone greyer over the summer, the messy tufts salt and pepper on his head. Mycroft found it cute, well, he thought it
“Two butterbeer?” She asked, cleaning a glass, looking pointedly at Mycroft. Greg was staring at her, if he’d been paying more attention he’d have noticed it
He wasn’t sure how much he believed her on that last one, but he appreciated the compliment nonetheless.
Other days John wouldn’t want nothing but his attention, taking his hand every chance he got, any form of contact he could get.
He juxtaposed Sherlock in almost every way, from the tailored trousers and rumpled shirt with the sleeves rolled up, to the maths teachers lanky frame and sharp features.
“I wouldn’t be too excited, I had to guess considering I could ask for your measurements, it mayn’t fit. It’s hardly special, more out of concern, because the way you’re currently binding is unsafe.”
He sat on the kerb by the green. They used to play rugby and football on that grass, childhood friends that had drifted apart since he’d moved to Hogwarts. They’d told everyone he got a sports scholarship to a boarding school. He’d been fairly good at rugby in primary school, captain of the team, popular with the girls. He got a lot of attention, he was good at his subjects, he was breezing through it all.
Mycroft looked up at him, mouth opening to speak but John held up a hand, then brought a finger to his lips, indicating silence. And they called Mycroft the
“A sun, it looks well. It works nicely doesn’t it? A plant and a sun. They work together, I suppose it’s supposed to be symbolic.”
“You practically live here, Myc.” He laughed nervously. “Why would you pay for a flat you barely live in when I’d much rather have you here all the time.” Mycroft continued to stare, like he didn’t quite grasp the situation.
So, considering the Professor had been patient with him, he was exerting some effort to try and improve.
Though the team meeting consisted of playing a broom version of tag, and having a Christmas picnic in the quidditch stands.
“I thought…” John cleared his throat; his voice was beginning to break. “You- You’re my best friend…”
Sherlock followed suit, his hands trailing John’s waist as the shorter man stood on his toes to press a gentle kiss to his lips. John’s hand found Sherlock’s curls as he kissed him harder, Sherlock could only smile into it, knowing what it meant.
Against his will, Sherlock’s face went pink in embarrassment. “I know it won’t fix anything, but you like that music, why should it always be sad?”
He cocked his head, studying her for a few seconds before responding, words quick, eyes nowhere near her or John, desperate to leave. “Yes, chaser for Gryffindor. You should wear your glasses next time you play, as your eyesight depreciates so does your aim, whilst Lestrade is good, you can’t rely on him to make up points by catching the snitch.”
Once he had everything in hand, he sprinted. He didn’t care who or what saw him, he couldn’t take the risk of his dad catching up to him again, hurting him more. With the temper he was in, who knew what more he would do.
She might have said something in retort, Sherlock might have said something in support, but all John could hear was white noise, feeling like his body was on autopilot as he walked out of the great hall.
Harry had been sober for a few months so she invited him to stay, it was nice to have his sister back, her and Clara happy together again. She even got him a knew rugby jersey for Christmas. Of course, she had a few friends round, who seemed to dote over him for a reason he couldn’t find, cheek pinching, hair ruffling, the whole nine yards. They let him play cards though, after beating them at Jack’, they taught him something knew.
"Mhm." Sherlock replied, as he squirted some lubricant into his hand, slicking up his cock, an using the excess on John, who shivered at the temperature, adjusting himself so Sherlock had access, one leg over the taller mans shoulder, the other lax against the bed. "Can I-"
“That’s good, the ducks can process that a lot easier.” Sherlock replied, and Rosie offered him a pleased smile.
“God no.” He’d laughed in response, before he turned the book around to sherlock like he usually did, pointing out the part he’d struggled with, and been too embarrassed to ask McGonagall about.
“You’re also good company, if that makes you feel any better.” Sherlock offered him a smirk, before looking back out the window
There was laughter and sarcasm and insults, Sherlock making John blush effortlessly and John trying to hide it vigorously and failing.
that the Gryffindor was referring to. They’d stuck to pretty normal boundaries before then, a clap on the back, a pat on the shoulder, a word of sympathy when something went wrong. Though all of that was mostly on Greg’s part.
feelings had been revealed. Sherlocks remained safely locked away in a small box in the very back of his mind palace, where he’d thrown it and left it to rot since his first year at Hogwarts.
“Thanks. I think I woke up a couple times, even just a little bit. I was scared, ‘was still numb, but I knew you were there.” Another moment of silence game, Mycroft waited, knowing he had more to say than that. “It helped.”
I came from, you don’t know what I went through to get here. So, don’t act like you have all this figured out because you don’t have the slightest idea.” He spat, each word filled with enough venom to poison Mycroft ten times over.
“Why didn’t you just like me!?” She was crying now, and John fell back on his anger, his shoulders falling and he took a step back.
Sherlock stood a few feet back, in a way that he could see John’s face enough to read his expression but wouldn’t be in John’s view of the mirror.
They ended up walking around the grounds before they had to go back to their individual commons. Given the winter season, the sky was dark and it wasn’t even seven o’clock, the stars were brought out as there was a significant lack of clouds in the inky black sky.
“You’re a fucking idiot, Gregory, I thought you were going to die.” He breathed, as Greg dropped his broom, and wrapped his arms around the Slytherin’s waist, his chin rested on Mycroft’s shoulder as he squeezed the Slytherin back with just as much force.
“I’m sure he did.” Mycroft replied, reaching for his defence against the dark arts book, but Greg grabbed his wrist to stop him. He cocked a brow at the Gryffindor, who stared him down until he dropped his hand from reaching for the book.
“Mate, it’s gonna take more than one session to get me up to speed. I can barely turn a mouse into a teacup.” John replied, exasperation in his tone.
“So scary.” Mycroft muttered, taking his hand and squeezing it before lying down, the grass was cool beneath him, and the warm summer air was cut through by a gentle breeze. He allowed his head to stop turning for a moment to appreciate the simplicity that a summer day seemed to bring.
Comfortable silence took over and John was content with it. Thoughts threatened to whirl in his head, but he took in a breath and tried to focus on the hum of the car engine as they sped through the streets.
But as he lay on the floor of whatever tower they’d locked him in to keep the precious pupils of the palace safe, he realised he really fucking hated being alone.
In lessons he was doing fairly but he’d stopped socialising with anyone really. It was the result of his avoiding Sarah. The only time he’d seen her was at try-out’s in the very beginning of the year and even then he felt too sick with guilt to even stay and talk.
Greg was quite surprised, just like he’d been the first time after the quidditch match. When Mycroft had told him that he didn’t mind hugging it was usually Greg that initiated it from then on. Most times it was after a particular draining quidditch practice, when everything in his body was spent but the stress bottled up in it, then he’d find Mycroft and ask to be held. So, when the prefect hugged him on his own volition, it was a special occasion.
“Are you okay?” Sherlock asked, feeling stupid for asking the moment the words left his lips. He traced small circles into Johns shoulder with his thumb. He had the urge to push John’s hair out of his eyes, tell him everything would be fine, tell him he was there. But he discarded the thought immediately, shaking his head.
“Yes.” He cut Greg off before he could finish, the Gryffindor paused and looked up at him, eyes widened in disbelief and apprehension.
He was staring at a ton of floating flowers, that seemed to be contained in some kind of magic cylinder to stop them from straying, as they bounced against the sides, floating lazily, mesmerising.
He licked the tip of the taller mans cock, before taking it in his mouth, swiping his tongue over the slit. He resist the urge to smile as a soft moan fell from Sherlocks lips.
Sherlock spoke after a moment of comfortable silence. “He didn’t mean to upset you, after you left he looked almost guilty. If I'm right he’ll be up any minute to give you his apology.”
To say he was nervous was an understatement, he was worried about his parent’s opinions on Greg and Greg’s opinions on his parents, and all the possibilities were circulating in his head, churning like a tormented sea.
“Not just her, my dad too. It’s stupid, I'm sorry.” John’s face tinted red as the embarrassment of the breakdown hit him.
“We generally don’t do much science, she is only in Primary two after all, but she seems to have an interest in that sort of thing, I recommend a table of the elements, or a few simple science books be obtained for home. In addition, if you don’t already, it would be a good idea to get her some Lego or Kinex, those are the things she tends to gravitate toward. Totally optional, still recommended.” Sherlock glanced up at the doctor, expecting a response.
Managing to gather himself, he pushed himself up with his good arm, well, his better arm, no part of his body was good right now. He couldn’t stay here, he couldn’t breathe knowing his father could come at any time and do more damage.
He checked the name on the wrapping again just to be sure it was meant for him. Sure enough, there it was in neat cursive, John Watson, Gryffindor, 2
As much as he didn’t want his attractive flatmate, who he had a very supressed crush on, to see him in his underwear. He really didn’t have much choice. He couldn’t wait there until his hand stopped shaking, because he didn’t know when it would stop.
“Out of the way, Mr. Holmes, this boy needs immediate medical attention.” McGonagall’s voice came piercing behind him, and he moved out of the way, as much as he could, whilst still able to keep Greg’s hand in his.
For a laugh he was tempted to post it. His therapist wouldn’t be able to say anything about him not using it. If not for his abuse of the keyboard.
“It’s fine, John.” Sherlock spoke, turning on his side, pressing his lips gently to the nape of John’s neck. “Mycroft stop loitering!” He called, after he moved away from John’s ear.
Mycroft never went to the quidditch matches, he liked the quiet he could get in the commons when everyone was gone. So he generally heard the outcome from whispers around the school or from Gregory himself.
He wasn’t sure if he was caught off guard, disappointed, or somehow overridden with attraction. Yes, he’d found Gregory striking before, he’d have been insane not to. What with the Gryffindor’s sharp jaw, slight stubble and dark entrancing eyes, it was difficult not to be completely enamoured, but Mycroft had incredible self-restraint.
Sherlock raised a brow. “You’re better at a lot of things, but you seem to prefer it when I act superior. Lumos.” He muttered, and John put his own wand out, shoving it in his pocket as he leant on the broom handle.
He’d had a year and a half of his life and his decisions ripped away from him. He’d been drugged into love against his will.
“He’s better.” Mycroft replied. “Though, what you don’t seem to notice is that now, at this point in time, you are hurting him John.”
There was silence, and then a soft shuffle of John’s hand on the bedsheets, he’d moved it off his chest and onto the bed. Like it was a game, Sherlock did the same. John retorted with his move, and moved his hand closer. Sherlock followed the same action. This progressed until finally John laced his fingers in Sherlock’s, the game was over, and the sullen silence set in once again.
It made sense now, and Greg ran a hand through Mycroft's hair, ignoring the few tears that slipped down his cheeks
Only after undoing his trousers one-handedly and managing to get his jumper and his shirt off likewise, it hit him.
Mycroft looked up, his interest gained now, as he watched his little brother walk to the front of the hall. He was taller than most of the others in his year, skinnier too. His darker curls and nose drastically different, now brought attention to Mycroft.
Greg set down his drink, leaning in closer, realising this was a bit more serious. “Swear on my heart.” He replied and the younger boy let out a sigh, he hadn't really thought about it much but it seemed more obvious to him now.
Everyday, Sherlock stole glances at the fair-haired Gryffindor that, as Mycroft had found through Anthea, was named John Watson.
, because he knew that whatever it was related to him in some way. Greg had become more jittery around him, less fluid and relaxed, Mycroft's presence no longer calmed him down, or made him happy.
It was awkward, most definitely, but eventually they got it, and with some fiddling and a swear or two, the binder lay limp in Sherlock’s hand, John’s torso now bare as he slipped his bad arm into his hoodie, before pulling it over his shoulders. Sherlock set the binder on John’s dresser.
John was more comfortable with Sherlock now, enough that he wore his own glasses when they were at the library together. As Sherlock predicted, they were a thick frame, dark in colour as a nice contrast to the Gryffindor’s fair hair. They looked nice on him.
“Yep. Oh- Mummy left me another thing for you, one for Christmas day, seeing as she knew her package would be open by this point. Father was pleased that you liked the gloves, they’re his favourite brand.”
“Hey! You have a record player!” John called out to Sherlock. They were in the treehouse, Sherlock, Mycroft and their father had made it years ago in Conrad’s attempt to make his son’s more amenable to the outdoors. Sherlock decided that it was the best place to go when his parents went to bed and they wanted to talk.
If John had the guts to talk back to the head master he would’ve made the point that it was similar to caging an animal, but he was sure Dumbledore could find a way to twist his words into sounding reasonable.
“Because I know they know Mycroft would have them in Azkaban if Sherlock so much as scratches himself unsupervised.” Greg laughed, and John managed a watery smile. “It’s alright if you want to take a break from practice.”
He felt warm, content just to be there. It was strange considering he’d never been one to appreciate such things. But it was nice, just to lie like this, with his best friend, his only friend, at his side.
offered.” John replied, and Sherlock ignored the tears forming in Johns eyes, choosing to direct his gaze to the ceiling before his own began to well.
John stormed into Sherlock’s tower with a face like thunder, he flopped himself down on the cold stone floor and negated to even wince when his head made a noticeable thud against it.
The seeker nodded, eyebrows furrowed in thought. “Well uhm, if you want, I do extra practice on Thursdays. I’ll drag you down from the commons if I have to.”
“It- It hurts. I-I can’t- I c-can’t think g-get John.” He choked out, refusing to look up, his arms wrapping around his legs, fingers gripping tight enough that his knuckles turned white.
“Good?” John asked when he pulled away, Sherlock’s cheeks were tinted pink and he had a contented smile on his face as he reached for John’s hands, not quite meeting his gaze as his hair fell into his eyes.
Soon enough they were in the castle, bustling with first years, Sherlock among them somewhere. Knowing his brother, he was probably sulking at the back with Hagrid, no doubt trying to deduce the half-giant.
“You’re welcome. You played well.” Sherlock replied. He looked a little stunned, which was new, considering he usually had an answer for everything.
“That’s comforting. The children I find are a lot more open minded toward my more unusual habits. I think they find it entertaining that I can tell them what they had for lunch just by looking. The other teachers dislike me, though a suppose it’s because I enjoy pointing out their staffroom affairs, rather than their lunch choices.” He offered a mischievous smirk to John, who leaned forward, smiling in disbelief.
Oh god he didn’t like it. John had screwed up, practically starved himself, and sherlock didn’t even like the bloody present.
Now he’d fought fire with fire, he thought it best to extinguish the mess, in the hopes that John wouldn’t bring it up to him the next time they spoke, though considering the inexplicable ache in Sherlock’s chest he doubted that would be soon. “Ah, seemingly the glasses are a secret, I wouldn’t, you squint too much for it to be a secret. Get a pair that’s somewhat stylish and you should be fine, round features, I’d say a rounded rectangle frame would do. Retro is coming into style though. I’ll see you next week then John. Enjoy your afternoon.”
Even Sherlock’s straight O’s for his summer exams were overshadowed by the glossy green Head Boy pin, sent through the post so Mycroft could outshine him one last time.
“My dad would probably be more angry if I did. I get a cab home anyway, its not like he’s waiting for something.” He was vague on purpose, hoping that Mycroft wouldn’t read too much into it.
Mycroft had met him at the station, and then their driver brought them home. Because of course they had a driver.
Rolling his eyes, John heaved himself up, grabbing his jacket and his phone from his bedroom, before being tugged out the door by an overexcited six-year-old.
“Of course, darling.” Sherlock pressed a kiss to the nape of John’s neck, as the doctor leant back into him. His body was shaking slightly, he was crying, and Sherlock let him. One arm was around his waist, the palm of his hand under the hoodie, against the flat of John’s stomach, pressing warmth into it. His other hand was in John’s hair, drawing patterns into his scalp gently with his fingertips.
He wasn’t quite sure what Hogwarts had done to his brother, he didn’t like it much really. Father seemed to dote over the fact that he was Slytherin, Mummy gushed over his good results and shiny Prefect badge.
The Gryffindor was staring like he was in a trance, eyes trained to the mirror. “I don’t- How did you- What is this?” He spoke, turning his head, eyes wide in fear, disbelief, and he turned to look behind him, then back to the mirror.
“Well what?” The Gryffindor replied his frown deepening from one of concern and frustration to plain annoyance and hurt.
“John, breathe, it’s okay. We don’t have to progress any further, I’m perfectly content to have you as my flatmate and nothing more.”
He hit play on his phone and slid it into Sherlock’s dressing gown pocket. It was almost fascinating to watch as Sherlock visibly relaxed, his eyes were still closed, and over time his breathing began to slow down.
. But his friend was a good judge of character, and he seemed happier when he was with Mycroft than when he was pining.
“Greg…” Mycroft spoke softly this time. It wasn’t often he used a nickname in regards to his friend, but somehow the stern and cold
‘Their loss’, John said sincerely and Sherlock felt his face warming. He was blushing… It was ridiculous. He opened his mouth, but nothing came out. Thankfully, Archie chose this moment to enter. He froze, surprised to find a stranger in the chapel.
‘I appreciate you not causing it harm’, was all he could answer. The stranger rubbed his face with his palms slightly.
‘Keep us secret. Keep this place secret. Don’t tell anyone. You’ll want to share this experience or try to involve someone, thinking they’d be able to help somehow. Don’t do that. If there was a way for us to escape, Mycroft or somebody else would’ve already discovered it. If you involve other people, even those you trust, rumours will spread. Crowds of people will start coming here to gawk. There can always be someone with bad intentions, or someone who’d find a way to make a profit out of us. I don’t want to become a spectacle. I don’t want any intruders. I don’t want to lose what little I have…’ Sherlock knew he had to stop, realising that both his words and his breathing were becoming too fast with anxiety.
A big trouble came one early morning when the twin sisters, Alison and Beatrice, suddenly disappeared, not long after turning back into swans. Worried, some older members of the flock approached Sherlock after their own fruitless attempts to locate the girls by flying above the area and calling them. They contemplated to extend the area of search, but Sherlock wasn’t interested in their methods, working separately, as always. It didn’t take long for him to get on the girls’ trail. It was easy, as they were the only adolescents in the flock now and had variegated grey, light-brown and white coats, like all mute swans of their age. Not far away from the lake, he found some slightly bent feathers that belonged to one of them. He examined them carefully and sighed in annoyance when three other swans started pestering him with their questions.
“I…” Mycroft paused, hesitant of the answer and even more uncertain of whether it would be wise to tell the Gryffindor. “I’m not quite sure.” He went with, a good lie, believable; people did irrational things when they were upset. He at least wanted Greg to know that the whole ordeal had indeed upset him, though he supposed his very presence told him that.
He gave a hum in response, standing up from where he was crouching, his back cracking as he stood up properly. “I’m sure it is, what have you done with my microscope?” He asked, turning round to face her.
He told it immaculately, with no falter in his voice, giving a personality to the characters he spoke as, and Sherlock sat mesmerised as he watched and listened.
“So how does this game work Lestrade?” Another boy asked, Anderson, if Mycroft remembered correctly. He was a pureblood Gryffindor, and was currently inspecting the cards, holding them up to the dim lighting of the room. “Is it like exploding snap?” He asked.
John pressed a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s lips again, now he was sitting on the arm of the detective’s chair as said detective flopped back into it. “I thought you’d be more pissed about the microscope, considering how it happened.” He spoke quietly, resting his forehead against the younger man’s, happy just to be in his company, he’d been working a lot at the clinic lately, Sherlock at the yard.
“Somehow, I now think you’ll be the one with dissatisfaction.” Sherlock replied, following suit and pushing himself to his feet, coming so close John had to tilt his head back to make eye contact with him. “Now if you want to stop your whining and kiss me, I wouldn’t be opposed.”
“Why did you do that?” Sherlock muttered, as they walked in the direction of the Ravenclaw commons. Neither boy was in the mood nor mindset to go back to studying.
“He’s a psycho John. You saw what he did to Molly Hooper.” He found that statement ridiculous, she didn’t care a bit about Molly Hooper, so the fact that she was pretending to be emotional about it (Sherlock had told him the differences a while ago) didn’t really help her cause of persuading him. Neither did her calling Sherlock a psychopath.
"Wrong." Sherlock replied. "Wrong on every account. I like you John, I like you a lot. Whilst I don't know if I am capable of love, I know that this is more than sexual attraction, more than platonic attraction... I do, genuinely, I do like you."
“I know you probably don’t even like blokes, I didn’t before you, I just… I'm sorry, I didn’t mean it to be like this.” The Gryffindor seemed genuinely guilty, like he thought his own feelings were a crime and Mycroft came back into focus enough to reply.
“You should tell somebody.” Mycroft said gently. He was worried, he’d expressed such worry to Greg and then Greg got worried.
get panic-attacks.” Maybe he was too insistent, he thought, as the knowing smirk crept onto Sherlock’s face.
“Shit.” He whispered, pulling his key out, and grabbing his trunk, he could hear footsteps from inside the house quickly approaching, and he willed his legs to move but they wouldn’t, he couldn’t breathe and he could hear his heart hammering in his head, by the time his body caught up to his brain to run, the door was pulled open and he was caught.
“What’s wrong, love?” John asked finally, putting the paper down as he looked across at Sherlock who was tapping his foot furiously against the carpet, twisting his phone about in his hands as he stared at John.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, an amused smile creeping onto his lips nonetheless. “No, too dull, too manipulative. I gave up looking five years ago, you needn’t worry.” He replied, shrugging. “Besides, even if it was, you don’t look to appalled by the premise, and if it was then why would I bother refusing to ask about your mark?”
“Ding ding ding.” The Gryffindor laughed, with a nod. “Name three ingredients needed for a Polyjuice potion.”
The letter was filled with some sappy poem about how green his eyes were, and he rolled his eyes, folding it up and making a note to stick it in the fireplace later. He had no use for her flattery, considering he’d shot down all her advances prior.
Greg sighed at him and he immediately felt his heart plummet. “Why are you making this difficult? I mean like- I want- When we go to hogsmede I don’t want it to be- I want it to be a date, not just us hanging out as mates. I mean it like I want you to be my boyfriend.” Greg explained, looking at the ground and interlocking his own fingers.
“Sure, if you want. And don’t try to distract me, Myc. I’m not having two conversations at once.” The Gryffindor spoke softly, squeezing Mycroft’s hand.
“What else? He drives me mad.” John replied, laughing gently, resting his chin on his hands as he held himself up on the cue. Watching fondly as Sherlock frowned, forced to pick up eight cards in one sitting. “But he’s all I have, so I make do.”
Greg hummed like he was thinking. “Maybe, but you’ll have to geek out over your garden for me first, I know you added more over Christmas.”
Jim Moriarty had never spoken to him before, from what he knew the guy was sketchy. His eyes were dark and piercing, and John’s blood turned cold as he stared, as if he could read into his soul.
Sherlock sat down at the end of the table with the other Ravenclaws, whilst he stayed put with a few mates from Gryffindor, and Stamford, who’d decided to join them.
He hated the way his stomach lurched anytime he met or heard of somebody called John. It was the name they gave to unidentified patients for crying out loud, who would name their child something so common?
John managed to pick up his shoes with shaky hands. “I was thinking about breaking up with her.” He spoke, not really to the girl but to himself, still in a state of shock.
“Greg told me yesterday about your quidditch heroics.” Sherlock’s father, Conrad as he’d been instructed to call him, said, as they ate.
“I can’t believe you even held onto him after that.” Sherlock spoke, breaking him from his thoughts. Madame Promfrey had set his shoulder a while ago, with a little help from one of the house-elves and John’s own instructions. But he had to wait another hour before he could go Join the celebrations, though he doubted there’s be much celebration left by the time he got back. So Sherlock was sat with him, distracting him from the dull pain still aching in his arm.
“Not yet anyway. I don’t think it warrants a punishment if she’s going to replace it.”  He shrugged, pressing his face into the crook of John’s neck, pressing a gentle kiss to the exposed skin before he spoke again. “Besides we’ve done worse than make out on that table.”
The rest of their hunting trip was moderately successful, but John doubted his contribution was in any way significant, as his thoughts kept coming back to that strange place in the forest, where people lived most of their lives as swans.
Trying to be as quiet as possible, those in the centre, including Sherlock, approached the barrier. Just as Sherlock had predicted, it was still there and they couldn’t get past it. He took the opportunity to touch the barrier with his hands, but it didn’t feel like anything at all: no palpable texture, no difference in temperature, at least he couldn’t detect any by just touching. He was distracted by the feeling of being watched. And then he heard some soft rustle from behind the bushes probably less than thirty metres in front of the barrier. The others had heard it, too, and froze at first. They were humans now, but, after spending so much time in the bodies of a potential prey, they were quick to spot the signs of danger, even though they’d never been actively hunted. They were done anyway, so they started moving away from the barrier, giving the sign to the others to move back as well. Sherlock couldn’t hold back a gasp when he saw two pairs of red eyes: one in the bushes, where he’d heard some noise before, and another one slightly farther away. Immediately, he turned to run, just like everyone else did. They could hear growls behind their backs, but, fortunately, they’d managed to get into the safe territory in time. Still, they kept moving faster than necessary until they were halfway to the lake. They were out of breath pretty badly, due to their changed anatomy they were yet to get used to. The hounds were enraged and there were now more than two in the same place, judging by the noises that reached the group.
Then it was the train home, and more mindless supervision until he could sit beside his friends. This time he sat beside Greg, rather than across. He ignored Anthea’s eyebrow raise in favour of staring out the window when Greg took his hand, leaning against the prefect as he began to fall asleep. He found it rather difficult to keep his somewhat dignified composure when there was a very attractive Gryffindor pressed against him and breathing onto his neck. By some miracle, he managed, and Anthea didn’t speak a word.
After an almost gross amount of kissing that Sherlock tried his best to ignore, John parted with Sarah and stole him from the festivities, the dirty looks he’d been getting and the looks of remorse and guilt from Molly, to the clearing in the forest, for one last flying lesson before the summer had commenced.
He, to his own annoyance, was worried about John. He still hadn't let their little get together at Hogsmeade slip his mind, and it was plaguing him that something so awful had happened to somebody he cared so much about.
John’s hair was wet, he wasn’t even wearing his favourite jumper with a hole in the sleeve, opting for a t-shirt instead despite the fact that it was raining outside and the moisture from his hair would be freezing him.
, that stops the flow and stops the spell.” Sherlock stopped pacing and raving and waving his arms in manic gestures and placed his hands on John’s shoulders. “Well next time you do, and you go to cast a spell, and you think that you
“I'm not dead.” Sherlock replied, once John had removed himself from a close proximity, keeping his eyes shut
This was the day he would speak to his neighbour. And thank them for their playing, it was the thing that had lulled him into unconsciousness.
“I quit smoking, our last case payed considerably well, and Mrs Hudson, Molly, Lestrade and Mycroft were unsure of what to get you for your birthday. I however knew very well.” Sherlock’s pale eyes pierced Johns own. “That now begs the question of whether I was right.”
He wouldn’t deny for a second that he thought John was attractive. It was true, his eyes were staggering, and his overall physique was enticing. It didn’t help that Sherlock had unknowingly fallen in love with Johns mind, even in its simple moments. But he’d kept himself restrained, knowing John was his flatmate, part-time colleague and only friend, and despite being bisexual, had a preference for women.
“You have a question. Whats bothering you?” Greg asked, breaking the comfortable silence that had been established since they’d begun the walk. All the necessary small talk had been taken care of over dinner in the great hall, and now they were alone, Greg had seemingly decided to appease his curiosity of what was irritating the taller boy.
He was in disbelief. This was one of the nicest presents he’d ever been given in his life. Generally, he was lucky if his dad tossed him a quid on his birthday, or even wished him a Merry Christmas. Getting anything from Harry was a waste of a thought, she was usually drunk off her tits and almost too broke to pay her rent most of the time. A gift like this was nothing shy of a miracle.
“Felix Felicis.” He spoke quickly, Greg looked up at him with a raised eyebrow, and all he could do was shrug in response.
Wasting no time, John started checking Sherlock’s vital signs. His skin was cold and clammy, his lips and fingernails were bluish. He had respiratory depression, low heart rate, weak pulse, extremely small pupils, slight muscle spasms (not very frequent or notable, but still there). A classical picture of an opioid overdose one could diagnose even without medical equipment. John tried rubbing Sherlock’s sternum and pinching his ear, but no reaction followed; he was deeply unconscious and didn’t react to any attempts to wake him up.
When he deemed himself capable of standing up, he realised that there wasn’t much time he had before the transformation. When he went back to the chapel to gather his belongings into the chest, as always, and lock them up, he was met by Archie’s worried eyes. The boy seemed worried pretty often as of late. Just like the rest of the swans, he, apparently, knew about Sherlock’s situation, but, quite possibly, didn’t fully understand what was going to happen. It was for the best. At least, he wasn’t that small and new to their conditions and circumstances now. He’d be able to take care of himself, once Sherlock was gone.
The flock members were curious and had questions; they, however, were aware by now when it was best to leave him alone. Archie was never far away from him, but he kept quiet as well, even though he was curious, too. Sherlock was grateful for his silent presence.
‘Do you think he’s still here?’ a female voice asked. He could recognise the voice as the one belonging to one of the members of the flock. For some reason, he just didn’t want anyone to enter this place, so he headed to the entrance to see why anybody from the flock would search for him. He was quite surprised to see that, instead of the swans, there were three people approaching: two women and one man. As they saw him, they stopped, looking just as surprised as he was. Their eyes shifted to his head, or rather his coronet, and he could see recognition in their eyes.
It was already apparent that, as a human, he didn’t have such a strong eyesight any longer, and he was aware he was going to need some time to get used to not seeing ultraviolet light again (once daytime came, he’d be able to analyse all the differences much better); not to mention he had a good front vision again, rather than an excellent sideways vision of a swan, simply due to the placement of his eyes. It affected the field of view, too. Of course, it felt strange to have arms and hands again; he would have to learn anew to operate them properly. And he didn’t even want to start thinking about his neck that was so much shorter and felt so much less flexible now, which also affected his movements a lot. In addition, his motor skills felt challenged. He supposed he should be grateful that his mind was intact in both forms, despite having different brains. But that was something he had thought of many times before.
. His eyes watered, he was shaking violently, still feeling too faint and weak to even try to move, but, slowly, he started getting used to breathing as a human again. Reasoning with himself was helpful.
‘I thought you wouldn’t come’. He was a desperate embarrassment, even though he did try to keep his voice even. Why did he even bother trying?
The discovery was shocking and made him physically ill. He was doomed… He would’ve rather spent the rest of his days the way things were now than was put into this sort of position when he was constantly aware that the Damoclean sword was hanging over his head and his time was running out like water out of a damaged vessel. He wasn’t given any choice though.
“You alright? Strange to see you and Sarah not together, I at least thought you’d’ve been with Sherlock.” He replied, and his cheery disposition was enough to dampen John’s mood even more. “Problems? I thought she seemed a bit miffed.”
He was teaching his least favourite topic in maths, he was riled up from the year twelves beforehand that were making crude comments about him and another member of staff, he had even taken the measure of laying the photo frames atop his filing cabinet flat, so to not knock them down when he kicked it for the seventeenth time that day.
He went to reply but Sherlock was quicker. “I have just the cure for bad dreams you know.” He said, his voice taking on that of a story teller, every time he read a book to her, or spoke to her in general, more life found his voice than even a deduction would elicit.
She wasn’t… No- She couldn’t- He was being ridiculous. She was only fourth year, she didn’t have the resources.
Breaking from his thoughts he braced himself for the shot. Just as Sherlock was about to push the plunger down a pang of guilt hit John in the chest.
The Slytherin nearly cried out in horror as a bludger came just shy of knocking Greg off his broom. Even he was shocked by that reaction, but shook it off just as Greg did, and recalibrated his entire body before he refocused.
“Don’t you think that will raise suspicion?” Mycroft asked, and Greg noticed his knee beginning to jitter.
“Nice one, Myc.” Greg replied, and Mycroft smiled inwardly at the praise. “Major side effect of the Pepperup potion?”
John looked at him, eyebrows furrowed as he tried to structure either a way to get out of it, or a way to reply. “Well it’s embarrassing isn’t it?” It was taking every ounce of nerve in his body to prevent himself from crying, he was fed up at this point.
“I’m surprised you’d know, you were barely human when I met you.” Sherlock rolled his eyes at that, knowing John didn’t mean it.
He had classical music downloaded ever since Sherlock played his violin for him when he visited over summer. It helped calm him down when he felt like he was going to pass out from stress or nerves, he wasn’t sure if it was because of what it was or if it was due to who it reminded him of. He’d prefer to say the former.
“Right again. Ethan,” This was a boy who had been particularly irksome in the previous period, he had a nasty habit of trying to sell cigarettes at lunchtimes, Sherlock hadn't caught him in the act, and the simple fact that the teacher could smell tobacco off him every time he entered the room wasn’t enough for the headmaster. That and he was definitely familiar with ridiculing others. “Square route of twelve.”
to get hung up on things like that. “You’ve already apologised and I’ve already forgiven you, I didn’t think there was anything else to discuss.”
Sherlock had successfully now found a way to shut the mouths of his housemates, need they say anything nasty to him. A scathing deduction about each he’d seen, kept away in a box in his head come the time he’d have to use them. Like Christmas decorations, but a lot more contemptuous
“Well me, and whoever comes round, Stamford, Sholto. I'm fairly unattached for the most part, but war’ll do that to you.”
“I’m fine Gregory.” He dropped his hands and turned to the younger Gryffindor. “John, you have to come with me.” It wasn’t a request, it was an order and John felt his heart speed up with anxiety.
“Daddy!” A small voice came from down the hall and John sighed softly, a smile creeping onto his face at the sound of his daughter’s voice, and he quickly made his way to her room.
John’s face flushed even redder at that, only this time it wasn’t out of embarrassment, it was discomfort, upset. Sherlock had struck a nerve. “I don’t want to talk about it.” John’s voice was quiet, but stern, he meant it. That tone meant Sherlock shouldn’t dare push it further.
His frown faded when he felt Greg sit down beside him, leaning against him gently. A soft warmth spread throughout him body when the other boy drew his hands from his face, and laced their fingers, a gesture he’d found to be quite comforting. He sighed out hard, squeezing his eyes shut tight, somewhat forcing his shoulders to relax.
. He’d done this to himself, he expected every word. "Everyone was right, Sarah, Sally, Molly. I should've quit when I was ahead. And you know what, you
He allowed it to be like that for a couple moments. The two of them in silence, staring up at the sky from the quidditch pitch, hand in hand. The stars were bright, splattered over the night’s sky like blinding white paint on a blackened canvas. He could make out a few constellations he knew just from looking a few moments. The moon was crescent, bright in the darkness, almost like it came from a picture book.
“Yeah, oh, shit sorry. John Watson. Christ I hadn’t even introduced myself and you invited me in, I'm so sorry.” John laughed, embarrassed, rubbing a hand over his face.
When it was a test that he’d bombed hard enough to earn a detention. Mycroft had purposely put himself in detention to make sure he was okay.
“Sounds good, but I'm not leaving until you say it.” A coy smile crept onto John’s lips and Sherlock knew immediately what he was getting at.
“How heartless would that make me? Off jamming to Weird Sisters when my best mate’s being sick in the Slytherin loo. I have to have heart for two around you, count.” He jabbed his fingers into Mycroft chest, and the prefect rolled his eyes.
His hair was still damp which meant he’d just come from quidditch practice, and he had brought a worn looking leather messenger bag.
“How did you find out?” Sherlock asked. John clearly hadn't guessed, he’d been influenced by this potion for a while, there was no plausible way for him to clock onto it.
But that inevitable moment was not right now, so instead Sherlock went straight to explaining what John needed to hear. He was there to help the Gryffindor after all.
“What?” John asked, looking up at the taller man, his expression softening as he clicked back into reality.
“John! I didn’t expect you to come.” A gentle voice came, and then there was Sherlock beside him. He felt the weight in his chest lift suddenly, as he glanced up at the taller man, following him in.
The impact of the slap echoed before the stinging emerged, before he could react there was a punch to his head and the room started spinning as the back of his skull slammed against the wall behind him, a hit to the stomach doubled him over, one hand clutching his stomach and the other on his head, he was crying now but there was no stopping it. Another dig to the stomach had him collapsed.
John didn’t run, he didn’t scream, he didn’t hit. He stared wide and scared into Sherlocks own gaze, tears began to well and suddenly it all came crashing down. Sherlock watched it happen like it was all in slow motion. “I’m so sorry- I- I’m so fucking sorry!”
“Well that was clearly evident.” He responded, adding a drip of sarcasm into his tone just to see the attempt at a hidden smile on Greg’s face.
“How long have you been dating?” Conrad asked, taking his shot, pocketing one of the balls. John went red and wasn’t sure if he should try to protest. “My dear boy, I’m not stupid, there’s no need to hide it.”
Trick-or-treating had been banned a long time ago, but pumpkin carving was still allowed, neither Sherlock nor John had decided to carve a pumpkin, because it was library day. Sarah had given John an annoyed huff after she asked him to help her carve one, he said no, obviously. So she glared at Sherlock, then at John, before storming off to the hall.
“My violin is over there, if you’d like to look at it. Do you play?” Sherlock gestured to where his violin sat, by a music stand with a few sheets in it.
It made sense now, Mycroft's ecstatic glee when he spoke to Greg’s dad about something other than work, how he’d listened so intently to Greg’s dad talking about atoms and the periodic table.
your classes, John, even herbology.” Other than quidditch, they were usually together in Herbology, it was the class where she’d asked him out. Besides that he didn’t really associate anything good with the class. Professor Sprout was fairly nice, and he wasn’t particularly awful at it, but he was always put with Sarah for practicals. She was usually quite dictatorial when they were partnered and always nit-picked at the little mistakes he’d make.
“He’s my little brother, I’ve been trying his whole life to take care of him, our Father won’t be happy about his behaviour, he won’t be happy about this slip up. Things could get very bad in a hurry.”
Of course, this is also about Sherlock and John, so all the events are going to be written accordingly. I wouldn’t want to write them seriously out of character.
For the second time during this night he was approached by someone on this balcony. This time it was a man and John had noticed him approaching much sooner than he’d noticed Mary, despite being absorbed in his thoughts again. The man stopped next to him and put his hands on the railing. He looked tired and morose. John was about to ask if he was all right, but the man started talking before he had a chance to.
And then he saw John. He was standing next to Queen Martha. Somehow, from what John had told him about her, this was exactly what Sherlock expected her to look and sound like. He brushed the feeling of uneasiness aside. Déjà vu was an almost habitual feeling by now, especially when it came to anything related to John, so there was no point in dwelling on it now.
‘I’ve already made some arrangements for the ball in two months. It’ll be a beautiful feast with a lot of foreign guests and dancing’, she said, sounding excited and definitely looking forward to it.
It took his arm and wing more than a month and a half to mend. It was quite long for a wing, and he blamed transformation. For human bones it was an average time, though. He got rid of the bandage then. It was getting quite dirty and took quite some time to get dry, since, as a swan, he’d started to swim again, so he was only glad he no longer needed it (everything had been itching so badly underneath!). At the same time, it was uncomfortable that his limb no longer had support. He avoided moving his weakened arm or wing too much at first, before he started stretching and exercising it. Playing the violin again was both a good exercise and a relief, because he could play again. Sometimes his arm or wing ached, though, and felt more fragile than it actually was. The wing hadn’t quite returned to normal. Even after the moulting when he had his flight feathers back, a few months later, flying was barely possible, despite the fact that the wing seemed fine, apart from getting tired and a little stiff at times. But even that was a progress, achieved through a lot of work. He consoled himself with the fact that he didn’t need much flying and wasn’t comfortable with heights anyway. Waterfowl needed their ability to walk and swim more than they needed flying, unless they were migrating. Sherlock didn’t have anywhere to fly away, and flying to the chapel was still possible, so things weren’t as bad as they could’ve been.
He had been targeted deliberately, that much was clear. If the giant bird wanted to bring him to its nest to feed its giant offspring, for example, it wouldn’t have flown that far to get him. He wasn’t just a random human to abduct, no. Besides, he had been watched before, for days. Maybe… Maybe the bird had been trained by someone to kidnap people its owner chose? After all, birds of prey could be trained for hunting. Maybe it was an enemy of his family who had sent the bird for him? Too bad Sherlock hadn’t thoroughly studied the maps in the library. It wouldn’t have taken long for him to memorise them. Why hadn’t he found it important? What if he was going to need the knowledge of his location to find a way to escape? He was starting to panic again. There was nothing he could do at the moment. He was cold and scared, he wanted to pee and his body ached all over. He wanted to wake up in his warm bed, possibly awakened by Redbeard, and forget all of this, like a nightmare.
Did any of it even matter now that John had left? And, for the umpteenth time, there was an intense episode of déjà vu, as if the loss of John had already happened before. Perhaps, it wasn’t that bad to just stop existing as a person if he had mental problems that were getting worse, at any rate? His own resignation was frightening.
When every detail of both paintings was firmly etched into his memory, he closed the locket with care and put it back into the box it had come from. Now there were only stacks of various books left in the chest. He wasn’t in the mood to check each one of them, but they were mostly books on science he’d missed during his long years away from civilisation. If it was Mycroft who had selected them, they were the most accurate ones, instead of some pseudo-scientific rubbish some ‘scientists’ wrote.
