It was all very childish. The best Mycroft could do then was to remind Sherlock of the lesson he’d learned a long time ago.
But it would be ok, he thought, staring absently at their chaotic wallpaper. Sherlock didn’t need John the way John needed Sherlock. The detective had his work, and John knew that as long as he had that he didn’t need much else. Sherlock would be all right without him. He would do better, certainly, than John had done when Sherlock was dead. Mrs. Hudson would take care of him. Mycroft would watch over him. The consulting detective would be unhappy for a while (perhaps, if John flattered himself, even quite a long while—certainly longer than when Irene Adler had died, he hoped), but he would be ok, and that’s what mattered.
not usually the one who gets us thrown out of flats.”
The ensuing struggle was halfhearted to say the most. Laughter is not conducive to muscle tension, and the drug only intensified the pudding feeling.
Sherlock had redesigned his entire mind palace to be able to do this, and that meant more than any affirmation he could ask for.
“Pocket,” Sherlock said.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, that's very kind of you,” John said with his unerring ability to be tactful when he felt the situation called for it. Sherlock didn’t know where he found the energy.
“Mycroft, please,” Sherlock said, tears rolling down his cheeks. There was no continuation of the sentence, no complete request. There couldn’t be. There was nothing Sherlock could ask of him that would make any logical sense. But Sherlock was nine years old; he was on the floor next to Redbeard, looking up at him and asking him anyway.
What was he seeing? Was it the pool every time? Or had the experience been triggering? An opening of gates that allowed memories of the war to come flooding back into his unconscious mind.
Sherlock spun around and seemed surprised to see him there. “What are you doing?” he asked.
“At least let me install a cliché counter on your blog.”
What were the odds that one man could have such an exact combination of genetics and life experiences and ideas to make up such an appealing person? A person with dark blue eyes and soft blond hair and a charming, youthful face; a person who could save people as skilfully as he could kill them; a person who liked to wear jumpers and make tea and run after murderers with him through London’s alleys; a person who admired him and chose to be his friend in spite of everything; a person who thought him worth protecting; a person who laughed at crime scenes and made him toast…
But the pool… What had it been about the pool? Something had affected him differently. Had John been afraid of Moriarty? Clearly not; he’d grabbed him at the first opportunity.
“The hat is metaphorical,” Tweedledum explained.
“All right, Greg?” John asked, coming to stand next to him.
“So you wouldn’t be interested in a
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” John snapped.
“Yes, that’s right,” Sherlock said dropping down into his chair across from John. “When London’s present criminals are being especially boring I like to revisit ones from the past.”
Sherlock dropped his eyes and John thought he could almost see a hint of colour at his cheeks. “There was… water damage.”
John’s jaw tightened as he tried to push aside the memory of Sherlock, nearly broken, on the verge of collapse even as he negotiated John and Mary’s reconciliation. The detective's heart was failing.
to leave. I want to go to the gym.”
Mary walked in the door that afternoon with her arms full of groceries. She took one look at John’s face and knew her marriage was over. She placed the bags on the kitchen worktop and tried to compose herself. She’d known this was coming. She’d optimistically, desperately hoped it wouldn’t, but here it was. John was standing motionless in the living room, staring at her, looking grimmer than she’d ever seen him, yet resolute.
Sherlock snapped his head back towards him. “What?”
“Exactly the amount of arrogant we can expect from someone who never gets caught. It’s a common Ukrainian name; why shouldn’t he use it? The brilliant part is, if anyone were looking for her they would never think to look in a cemetery. Murderers don’t buy plots and bury their victims.”
Nine days. Sherlock’s heart must have stopped, falling deadly still as the numbers clicked by in his head. Parker had died nine days after receiving the poison. Rodgers had died in fourteen. John could have up to five more days, or he could die tonight.
The hot water felt wonderful as John washed away the dirt and sweat from the afternoon, pieces of grass sliding down the drain as he rinsed the shampoo from his hair. Rubbing soap across his body he felt the spots on his arms where Sherlock had gripped him during their fight, and the spot on his hip where he’d hit the ground. There was no doubt he would have bruises tomorrow.
John assumed he was referring to the drug. “Erm, yeah, I would say so.”
He didn’t move. “Where’s Sherlock?”
John leaned forward, gripping the edges of the kitchen worktop. He would have left Mary then and there last year. But Sherlock, of all people, had persuaded him to forgive her, manipulating him with his infuriating Sherlogic. ‘Sherlogic’ was John’s not-quite-endearment for Sherlock’s theoretically logical but completely impractical way of reasoning. It worked quite neatly as long as you discounted emotion and human nature in general.
She was walking through the hospital lobby when she nearly collided with him. She looked up, startled to see him out of bed. Under his signature coat he was wearing the clean clothes one of his brother’s assistants had dropped off for him while he was sleeping. He was thin, but he was always thin, and a shower and the few days of rest on an IV had him looking… Well, Molly had found it was better for her overall mental health if she didn’t think too much about the way Sherlock looked.
“What about her?” Lestrade pointed to the one female body on the wall. “Amy Elliot?” he asked, reading her name. “You want to dig her up too? Doesn’t look like she has scars—”
Sherlock often worked all night, but this was now the third day in a row and he hadn’t gone home, hadn’t slept, hadn’t rested since he'd started.
"But I suppose you and Mary will be dancing just the two of you so, erm… collisions won't be… er…"
“So?” Lestrade asked, standing over his (regrettably) only consulting detective, who was still crouched next to the body. “What’ve you got?”
Sherlock looked down at the torn shirt. “Was that necessary?”
"There's no question that he's probably dead."
“I don’t
Sherlock demanded. She didn’t respond. She slid out the door behind Mycroft.
“I always look like this.”
When John arrived downstairs the next morning he went to check Sherlock’s bedroom. He had a vague memory of his flatmate coming home last night, but he’d been so out of it he wasn’t sure if it had been a dream. He'd spoken to him, hadn't he? Maybe not. He couldn't remember.
he’d grumbled to the woman at the Battersea power station. But it wasn’t true, was it. Sherlock had followed him then. And then again on the railway lines, investigating Andrew West’s murder; Sherlock was suddenly at his side.
John knew that before they’d met no one had ever considered Sherlock funny. Sarcastic, sure, but incapable of any joking, light-hearted humour. He knew this because the first few times John had laughed at something Sherlock said, his face had gone blank with surprise before eventually smiling sheepishly himself. Since then Sherlock had endeavoured to make other jokes with varying levels of success. Timing and audience were still an issue (John recalled with a shiver the, “Well, Mrs. Higgins if your husband had kept his head in the situation I’d be able to solve the problem much faster,” comment in reference to the recently decapitated Mr. Higgins, whose head inconveniently had not been present at the crime scene), but Sherlock had undoubtedly improved. John couldn’t help feeling a warm fondness for the consulting detective who, icy by default, nevertheless appeared to be pleased with himself if he could make John laugh.
“You see? Now John is here. You may hand over the babysitting relay baton,” Sherlock smouldered.
After a moment John breathed, “We should not be laughing about this.” He raised his eyes to the sky to try to calm himself.
Silence, silence.
Sherlock looked hard at Lestrade. “God, it’s physically painful to watch you connect the dots. Rodgers was killed by a slow-acting poison. The stabbing was a cover-up, as I said. I have a feeling we’ll find poison in the other two bodies as well,” Sherlock said, tapping the pictures of Neil Parker and Brandon Riley. He turned back to the inspector. “If Bauer has scars on his legs he might have poison in his veins. We need a blood sample, and sooner rather than later. You know,” Sherlock added glibly, “in case he’s dying.”
“Incredible,” John said, shaking his head.
He swept out.
“Cameras,” Sherlock said immediately.
Sherlock smirked, though John didn’t miss the genuine pleasure beneath it.
But he was awake now. Why? Sound. Movement. What was it? Rustle of sheets. John.
Sherlock had the decency to look sheepish. “Mycroft sent me his picture; I didn’t delete it, I was distracted by the case…” Sherlock rubbed the back of his neck. “Thank you,” he said, looking at John uncertainly.
“Yes, god forbid I inconvenience anyone as I depart for my suicide mission.”
The envelope contained a note in his brother’s handwriting. It read:
He couldn’t believe how much had happened since Sherlock arrived in Ireland the day before. Being around Sherlock was a consistently stressful, dangerous, exhausting experience, and he thought—as the clock read midnight and he felt his eyes getting heavy and he shifted to a more horizontal position on the couch—that he wouldn’t trade it for anything.
bad time management is not
Reeves was lying on the pavement with a bullet hole in his head.
“Sorry, I have to make a call.” John ducked out of the room and leaned up against the hallway wall, searching for Mrs. Hudson in his contacts.
Sherlock felt a constriction in his chest. Perhaps he was not as indifferent to his own death as he had once been. John had changed that. John had given him something to look forward to besides the oblivion of drugs when the cases were solved. John had given him a reason to live entirely apart from The Work.
It was Sherlock; all the time it was
The door to the flat swung open and its residents clambered in, laughing.
“Right.”
“Give me your right hand.” Sherlock’s voice sounded strange to his ears.
John laughed, shaking his head, and when he looked back at Sherlock there was an emotion in his eyes that Sherlock found was immobilising his legs. He was vaguely aware that he hadn’t let John go, but suddenly he didn’t want to. The paralysis in his legs seemed to be spreading through his upper body as it occurred to him that this is exactly what he had wanted. Ever since he’d jumped off the roof of Barts he’d been waiting for this.
Mycroft stopped at the end of John’s bed, tapping his hand on the rail. John watched the brief tension in his shoulders—not entirely dissimilar to Sherlock’s posture in the minute pause before a quick decision. Mycroft turned around.
“And what about this?” John asked touching Sherlock’s face, smearing some of the blood there. “You can’t go to Molly’s party looking like that.”
“You don’t have to give them to him!” she seethed.
There must be a wasp nest he could step on, or something better he could do than listen to his lesbian sister give him a lecture about sexuality.
“Bauer has scars but no poison, and Elliot has poison but no scars.”
a professional dancer.”
“We’ll kill you anyway, if you don’t kill yourself. But I think you will. Actually, if you’re as self-centred as they say you are, you might even kill yourself before John dies so you don’t have to see it. I’m sure it would make John very, very sad, but as we've established, you don’t seem to care much about what happens to John.”
She picked up a small remote from the side table.
And he knew John wanted it too—a rather elementary deduction now that he could consider all of the evidence clearly. And he realised with some surprise that as much as he wanted to take from John he wanted to give him back doubly in return. He would give John whatever would make him happy. And if John wanted this, then the danger to his mind palace would be a necessary risk.
“It’s logical. You’re shorter, so you can have the shorter bed.”
you know what to look for?”
John felt his body respond to being pushed with a surge of adrenaline. He locked his eyes on Sherlock’s and thought the whole thing would be a lot easier if the man didn’t have to be so distractingly gorgeous all the time: his nearly black, beautifully curled fringe sweeping across his forehead, impossibly bright eyes electric with the same arousal John could feel quickening his own breath.
Why did it have to be tonight? After the conversation he’d had with Mary earlier, he couldn’t. He had chosen to try to repair something. Maybe one day. He hoped one day…
could do.” He returned his attention to the documents. “At the moment, you could be helping me research these people instead of whinging about some overly-decorous airhead who earns a living doing makeup for corpses."
“Forty pounds each! I looked them up. And god knows how much the rest of the products in there cost.”
Sherlock turned his head back but his gaze travelled above John’s head to the sky.
John winced as the frankness of the declaration bit into him. Why had his brain given Sherlock those words to say? Was that what he wanted?
“Look, corpses don’t bleed do they?” Sherlock said, diving into the explanation. “It’s difficult to fake a stabbing on a dead body. But not impossible. If you’re in time—and judging by the amount of blood I’d say they can’t have been more than thirty minutes after his heart stopped—you can drain the blood using gravity. They stabbed him on the left side and then positioned him on his left to allow the blood to drain from the puncture, making the amount of blood loss convincing despite the heart having stopped sometime earlier.”
She grinned at them. “Come in, come in!” she said, turning around and clomping in her heels across the living room floor. “Have a seat”—she continued into the kitchen—“I’ll just bring the tea.”
Sherlock sighed dramatically. He tossed the journal onto the coffee table and sat up. He took the bags with a scowl and went off to put them in his closet. John smirked. He looked over at the article Sherlock had been reading; it was about circulatory shock.
Sherlock noticed a flush around John’s neck as he ducked his head and cleared his throat. “Erm, yeah, all right.”
Mycroft's lips twitched to something more grimace than grin. “This conversation will be less unpleasant if you dispense with Hollywood gangster terminology. No. According to our information his target will be a prominent drug dealer who’s in town for a few weeks.”
John let his eyes fall back to his cup.
“No, I think you
“It’s drugged.”
“Look,” John cut in, “if you want the cases solved you have to let Sherlock do it his way. The risk you run that he might turn up with a pineapple rather than your perpetrator is the price you pay for his talent.”
"I see you're a fan of John's blog," Sherlock said casually.
Sherlock bristled. “If we were boxing I would’ve beat you faster than you can string two thoughts together.”
The question died on his lips as the detective’s burning eyes raked over him. John barely had time to breathe before Sherlock kissed him. Hard.
case. Emilia Ricoletti was not the first gun-wielding bride Sherlock had encountered. Wasn’t she based off of another, more formidable, more real precedent? (Succedent? It didn’t matter; the chronology was nonsense.)
But as John brushed his teeth his irritation gave way to anticipation. A case. Their first case together since he’d left Mary. Of course he’d been working with Sherlock while he was with Mary, but he knew it would be different this time. No constant phone calls to check in, no leaving early to be home for dinner and no guilt if he missed dinner. No games half-played only to be interrupted by dull reality. He’d be playing full-time again, and now there was no one to drag him back. He remembered Mycroft’s words from the night they met: “When you walk with Sherlock Holmes you see the battlefield.” John grinned and thought,
When he came back down wearing a faded t-shirt and a pair of jogging bottoms, which felt extra cosy compared to the wet denim he’d traded for them, he found Sherlock sitting back at the table. He was wearing silk pyjama bottoms now and a silk t-shirt
“Oh Sherlock you make everything so difficult”—she took a deep breath—“Yes, that’s him. We planned to go together, but just this morning his daughter called with some kind of scheduling emergency and now he has to look after his grandchildren on Thursday.”
He had just grabbed his coat from the couch where it had been tossed when he heard the doorknob turn. He stood stock-still as it opened, and he dropped his coat to the floor when he saw who was standing in the doorway.
A door creaked and the four men walked back into the main space. Sherlock watched as Moran and Tweedledee shook hands with the two Russians, and then as the snipers in the rafters shot both of the Russians through the backs of their heads.
Mrs. Bennis smiled at John fondly. “It’s nice to see the police taking a real interest in our little troubles. And such gentlemen! London would be much better for it if all officers were as lovely as the two of you.”
“Life post-goldfish is even more disappointing than I’d anticipated,” Sherlock grumbled to it. “There should be a warning label. Goldfish can be dangerous. Some goldfish… Maybe just one…” Sherlock was muttering incoherently. “But there’s nothing to be done about it… Don’t look like that.” Sherlock faced the skull away from him. It never used to be so judgmental.
She stopped moving and sat down in John’s lap, facing him.
"You're not tired enough to be a nurse and not smart enough to be a doctor. Definitely not smart enough for research. Add in the highly specific scents of formaldehyde and methanol—I can smell traces of them in your hair—and the conclusion is quite simple. You're an embalmer, and if you want to completely get rid of that smell you'll need a stronger shampoo than whatever herbal mint rubbish you're currently using."
John shook his head. No. “But we already bought cake."
It might have been a while, but the control required to mimic his sober posture, to keep his hands still and his eyes alert, was something he’d learned long ago and never forgotten.
“Tell him the truth? We’re private investigators and we believe thigh-scars are somehow linked to murders, and ask him to show us his legs.” It wasn’t until John finished speaking that he heard the full stupidity of his statement. Sherlock looked up from where he was slouched and the look was reprimand enough.
John sat in the back of the cab, rocking back and forth, doing his best not to jump out of his skin. It was the longest cab ride he’d taken since the last time Sherlock pushed him away and he’d had to get a cab back to him.
“Right, and by the way, remind me, you were doing that because…”
“Right,” John sighed and turned to look out the window.
“Yes, you're brilliant. Now take off your shirt.”
The waves tumbled and crashed and Sherlock wondered if John was aware of how hard he was actually gripping his wrist.
Sherlock had called him from the wedding. Why? Of course John and Mary didn’t care whether he attended. No, Sherlock only called when he needed something. And maybe that day at that wedding his little brother had needed him. The two of them could have stood in the doorway disparaging the wedding guests who had the audacity to enjoy themselves at such a staged, specious and affected ordeal. But for Sherlock the mockery would be just as contrived and hollow as the reception. This time his primary reason for hating the wedding would not have been based on principle. It would have had everything to do with losing John. And Mycroft had no interest in humouring his brother by standing with him on the periphery of the party and allowing him to play pretend.
He didn’t notice when the alcohol Mycroft had poured over the jacket burned off. By his continued high-pitched shrieks it seemed he also had yet to notice that both himself and his jacket were completely unharmed. An old chemistry trick: the water had protected the material and the alcohol had burned off fast; the jacket hadn’t even been singed. The boy threw himself on the ground and the few bystanders who hadn’t run away gaped in horror. Behind him Sherlock was delighted, clapping his hands and jumping up and down at the top of the slide. His gleeful expression would have been enough to send him in for the psych test if he hadn't already been. He looked at Mycroft like he was a hero.
Sherlock followed him. “The point of a mad person is that he’s lost the use of his logical faculties. I can’t very well remember not to use duct tape if I’ve gone mad.”
The detective relented, “Technically I kissed you, if it helps for your record keeping.”
Sherlock talked to John when he was away because he wanted him to be there. Sherlock left him at crime scenes when there was fast work to be done, and he texted John as soon as he’d done it. Prioritising for Sherlock wouldn’t have anything to do with being polite or coddling, careful communication, waiting around patiently for the sake of someone else’s fragile feelings. That wasn’t in Sherlock’s nature and he respected John too much to affect it. Prioritising for Sherlock would mean fitting John into his work where no one else fit (which he’d done). It would mean wanting John at his side during cases and between them (which he did). It would mean dropping everything if John was in danger (which he’d done). It would mean choosing John over his work, if he had to (which he'd done).
John could not believe what was happening for the first few seconds it was happening. And then a rush of heat through his veins burned off the paralysis. He reacted. He kissed him back, sliding his hands under Sherlock’s open coat to wrap his arms around the detective’s lean frame even as he felt Sherlock's hands skimming down his back to grip at his waist.
“Several things,” Sherlock said, stroking his hands up her back. John tried to keep his mouth shut as he goggled at the detective and the prostitute. “First of all you arranged these chairs, which are normally on the other side of the room—I can tell from the impressions in the carpet—so that from the camera’s angle the bedpost is blocking my face and you’re mostly blocking my partner’s when you move in front of him.” She spun around so her back was to him, almost sitting in Sherlock’s lap but continuing to move to the music. “Second, you wouldn’t speak until you turned on the music. It’s loud enough to cover the audio. The camera won’t pick up anything intelligible from our voices.”
The detective was an enigma far too difficult for John to solve. He claimed to view his body merely as ‘transport,’ and displayed annoyance about having to attend to any of its needs—food and sleep being the most pressing John had to fight for in order to prevent Sherlock from collapsing (as he’d done on one or two occasions before John had gotten better at surreptitiously monitoring both). Yet there was no one who could attest to the time and money Sherlock spent on his appearance better than John. For all he seemed to neglect his body, he spent an inordinate amount of time maintaining its attractiveness. Their bathroom was filled with expensive shampoos and soaps and styling products. One look at his wardrobe would be enough to know the skew of its fashion to comfort ratio.
. Already sent out an alert to the morgues. We’ll hear about it if another one turns up with the same pattern. But in the meantime…”
“I don’t want you to have sex with her,” Sherlock snapped. “But you can act like you’re interested. Keep her attention, you know the drill.”
The beat throbbed on and he watched the woman display impressive strength, pulling herself up and down the pole. She was fit, to be sure. It wasn’t difficult to see why she would have success in showing off her body. His eyes flicked sideways again, a repetition John found he couldn't help. Sherlock in the seat next to him was surreal, eyes fixed blankly on the woman in front of them, colour shadows playing across his face warm and cold. John wondered where he was in his mind palace. Even after all the years it was still incredible to John that the detective could leave the conscious world like this, shut out all sensory input and turn his gaze inward. The mental control was truly amazing and John wondered, not for the first time, what it must be like in Sherlock's mind palace. He would give anything to see it. Because the rooms must be filled not only with enough stores of science and crime information to rival the British Library, but also treasures of Sherlock's memories and imagination. If he could have even just an hour to explore the corridors and doorways of that unfathomable mind—
John turned on his heel and walked toward the kitchen. “I’ll make you toast.”
“I told him to keep his pants on,” Sherlock said and John laughed harder, which seemed to make Sherlock laugh harder too. He felt lightheaded, and suddenly appreciated the supportive wall at his back.
"I know." John stopped stroking his hair and gently held his chin. He tipped Sherlock's head back so that he was looking into his eyes. "I trust you."
“I suppose,” Sherlock said, “that you’ve made up your mind about this, and I won’t be able to persuade you otherwise?”
“You know you’re pretty, you toff.” Sherlock blinked up from his phone at that. “It’s an obvious fact. Everyone knows it, including you. So don’t act like what I said last night is any kind of revelation.”
Sherlock looked up at John, who seemed to be having trouble maintaining eye contact. "I assume you haven't eaten today," he said. He was right. "And I know you didn't eat yesterday."
challenge, and over the years John had proven repeatedly that he was strong enough to match him.
Lestrade left the hospital feeling numb. Sherlock had overdosed on heroin and
John’s uniforms, don’t you?” Moran’s eyes gleamed. “You like that he’s a doctor. You’re as impressed by the white coat as you are by the camouflage. You admire John because he succeeded in the system where you never could. Uniforms, honorary signs of achievement, belonging—he belongs where you never did. You survive only by operating outside of it.” His voice softened. “It would have killed you. But you’ve always been attracted to things that would kill you, haven’t you. Your self-destructive addictions.”
“Have you met Sherlock?” John asked. Lestrade narrowed his eyes. “Then what would make you think I
Sherlock shrugged. “Milk is boring.”
Odd. It had looked more like falling than sitting. Sherlock watched as John ducked his head down, holding it just above his knees. Sherlock’s eyes widened. It felt as though the blood in his veins was slowing, running cold.
“You, dancing.”
John reached over and cupped his chin. Sherlock jumped at the touch, but he allowed John to turn his head so that he was looking up into his eyes.
"I am
It didn’t happen often, but occasionally John caught a window into Sherlock’s thought process. The detective had very few tells, but in all their time spent together John had learned to read a few of them. This one, he knew, was an expression of Sherlock’s annoyance at social media. He felt people broadcasting their locations and activities around the clock made his job too easy. In the past when John had retorted that he didn’t
“What is this?” he asked, holding up the three-piece suit by the hanger.
So why was it that the next night, after John had gone to bed and Sherlock was awake doing research, he heard John yell out from his bedroom upstairs?
Pause.
“Oi!” he yelled. “Give it back!”
Sherlock took a fourth cigarette from the pack. They were good for brainwork. They were going to help him find a solution that would allow him to have what he wanted. There were so few things he wanted, and with cigarettes, cocaine, and heroin off the table, he needed something on the table. Preferably an army doctor, preferably shirtless— Sherlock fumbled trying to light the cigarette in his hand.
"Comfortable here."
Mrs. Hudson left the flat and Sherlock dropped down into his chair. He had a message on his phone from Lestrade:
He let go of John’s arm and stood up. He felt stupid, but he knew it was the least he could do for John after everything—
John set the bag down on the table when she left. He had come up with a plan on the walk home: Dealing with addicts 101. He wouldn’t tell Sherlock he had the pills in order to be sure that if Sherlock woke up needing something he wouldn’t exaggerate his symptoms just to get the narcotics.
“Why did you do that?”
“There are different kinds of rain,” John insisted. “Some are better than others. And what about you? Telling him to hurry because there’s special lip gloss to be examined?”
“So, that was your brother,” Lestrade said, still a bit bemused.
He remembered the rainy afternoon years ago.
John returned her smile and said, “Well, we’re here to serve the public.” It wasn’t entirely untrue, though John knew Sherlock’s civil service was less intentional than it was simply lucky for Londoners that what amused Sherlock also happened to be good for public safety.
"I can tell you the cuts were made by different knives at different times. I can tell you the width and make of the blades. However, I need more data to form a viable theory as to the circumstances in which they were received."
John was watching him pace. “He told you you weren’t allowed to love.”
“What was that?”
"Don't look at my cards!"
“Has it ever occurred to you that your brain won’t actually work without its
“I sent him a text.”
“Is it possible you have soda here?”
“So, you will memorise this photograph,” Mycroft continued sternly, “and you will be vigilant until I tell you otherwise. Now that you’re back at Baker Street you’re in a better position to watch for him.”
Sherlock sighed heavily, “And you want me to accompany you to the ball.”
“Kathleen Bauer told us that on Friday, October ninth, she brought her friend, Amy Elliot, to Monroe’s to pick up her brother, Tony, and his friend, Brandon Riley. Brandon had got the drug that night and Tony hadn’t.”
Once upon a time it had been easy. Excepting any time John was in real danger, the Closet had been enough keep the cluttering feelings clear of his consciousness. He had deluded himself so well that the searing pain of saying goodbye to John (as he stood on the rooftop of Barts) had almost come as a surprise—tears springing to his eyes at the unexpected sensation of being torn in half. Since when had John become such a significant part of him that leaving the doctor behind resulted in the detective going forward incomplete? A gaping hollow left cold where something warm had been.
Why was there space in Sherlock’s life for John when there wasn’t for anyone else? What had convinced the consulting detective to take him on as a weakness when he’d had so few?
“I assume she thinks the appointment is for sex,” John said glumly.
He moved past Sherlock, but he stopped and turned back just as he reached the hallway. “You invented an antidote for a poison that had none. You saved my life.”
“Come on, John! You did it so well yesterday. You can use some of those words you say when you talk to your rugby friends."
“Ideas, ideas,” Sherlock responded listlessly. “Theories… possibilities…”
Sherlock blinked at him.
“Might run into bit of trouble then,” John said, giving Sherlock a half-smile.
Sherlock threw a glance at him before looking back at his laptop. He began typing and John knew he shouldn’t, but the question had been nagging him for years. He hated himself a bit for needing to know. But he did. He needed to know, and he wouldn’t get an opportunity like this again. He decided to throw caution to the wind, and simply hope it wouldn’t get blown back in his face.
Moriarty ignored him. “A headful of water is no good for solving crimes. But it is perfect for goldfish.” His eyes gleamed. “Do you think John will still like you if you can’t solve crimes anymore?”
Funny that Sherlock should be holding onto him like that. In his dreams it was always the other way around. John desperately trying to hold onto Sherlock as they pulled him away, placed him on a stretcher… Sherlock had never lost John. He'd always been here, whenever Sherlock needed him. But John supposed it was just a reflex. He might hold sheets or a pillow in his own bed.
He dove down. When he resurfaced he tossed up a sodden book and Sherlock caught it. It was his documentation on the Scowrers, one of his more fascinating researches into nineteenth century organised crime in America. He opened it and stared at the running ink, the blurred words nearly erased.
distress his brain might use it as a defence mechanism—an attempt to comfort the way his nanny used it to comfort him as a child.”
Greg Lestrade checked his watch. Eleven-thirty. He was standing in an alley with a few police officers and a dead body. The body had been found much earlier, around five o’clock in the morning by a group of young people stumbling home from a night of clubbing. Lestrade, unfortunate enough to be on call at the time, had been summoned to the scene.
Sherlock smirked.
John mentally shook the thought from his head. Even if Harry was right, even if Irene Adler had been right, even if everyone they had ever encountered was right, and he was in some way attracted to Sherlock Holmes, it didn’t matter. His flatmate certainly wasn’t interested in
“It’s probable she didn’t know she was doing it.” Sherlock reached out and took hold of her wrist; he touched the blade in her hand. “The knives could have been coated in the poison without her knowing.”
The emotions surrounding John in his mind had only become harder to contend with after that. He had thought perhaps things would stabilise after John’s wedding. But then John left Mary and came back to Baker Street and it was everything Sherlock had wanted until that night in the cemetery when he’d realised it wasn’t. It wasn’t enough.
“What?”
“Yes,” Sherlock responded, annoyed. “That’s what I said.”
John fought the urge stretch his aching shoulder. Judging by the faint light at the windows it must still be very early. They couldn't have been sleeping for more than a few hours. (Unsurprising, considering the hard wood floor provided all the comfort of a hard wood floor.) He knew Sherlock could—certainly would—wake up any minute. But god, he was exhausted. Sherlock must be shattered. John doubted whether his insomniac flatmate had slept at all the previous two nights.
John stood abruptly. He cleared his throat and said, “Thank you very much for your time and for the tea, Mrs. Bennis.” He turned toward Sherlock. “Got everything?” he asked, making it a rhetorical question. He punctuated it by moving toward the door.
“No, dear, he’s not here.”
But now John was walking away from him, believing Sherlock didn’t trust him at all, and that wouldn’t do. Sherlock quickly ran through the options in his mind and realised the truth was going to be the only workable solution. And John really wasn’t going to like it.
John’s heart slammed into his rib cage.
“One question,” John asked as Mycroft was turning to leave. “It might just be the coma, but I could have sworn— When Sherlock found me in the street he was talking to me, but I could have sworn he wasn’t speaking English. Do you have any idea what that could be about?”
“Just do it,” John said.
“So what are we doing tonight?” Sherlock asked in a more casual tone, apparently willing to leave off the drama of his impending psychotic break for a bit. “If I have to wait until tomorrow to continue my work I’d rather take my mind off it tonight.”
“Yeah fine,” John said. He turned away and walked toward the living room. “It’s just… adrenaline. You know how it is, killing people…” Sherlock quirked an eyebrow at his delightful killer/doctor. “Extra energy. Think I’ll run it off.”
“I understand you’re a
He kissed John and when John kissed him back it was like being plunged underwater: there was a roar like rushing water in his ears and then silence. Complete silence. John was kissing him, running his hands over his body and Sherlock could hear nothing but the beating of his own heart, all external sounds deafened by the crush of silence pressing in around him. He could hardly breathe. His sensory awareness was narrowed to the scent of John, the taste of him, the heat of his mouth, the scrape of his teeth against his lips, the sturdy strength of John’s body under his hands.
It wasn’t that he wanted to die—not at all. It turned his stomach to think of all the cases he would miss out on. Sherlock would have to go alone. Or replace him (his stomach flipped over entirely). He wanted to stay at 221B, of course. Stay with Sherlock. Maybe find out if there was something between them. Or, if not, settle back into their friendship. He would miss Sherlock’s voice, his laugh, his smirks and his smiles, his laziness and his energy, watching him work, watching him think, his eyes… John swallowed. No, he didn’t want to die. But if he had to, he was glad it had happened like this: taking a bullet for Sherlock. He would do it again in a heartbeat if anyone gave him the choice.
John sighed, “The odds on the horses at the Royal Ascot this year.”
he shouted.
This had gone too far. Sherlock wasn’t going to be any use to John at all if he overdosed. She needed help. She needed to call someone. John was the first person that came to mind, but she looked over at Sherlock and supposed now might not be the best time to bring John in, especially if he was—well, she didn’t know. Who else could she call? Sherlock would only demand more drugs from Billy, and Lestrade would probably tackle him into handcuffs.
And what could he say now?
“What?”
causing moral revulsion. She’d lied to John from the beginning, and shot Sherlock to maintain the lie.
, he tried to say. His mouth didn’t work. He moved his hand through Sherlock’s hair but Sherlock didn’t wake. He only tightened his grip on John, pulling him closer.
“Those idiots!” Sherlock sneered.
“We need current information. Besides, he lives close by and he’s home tonight.”
John wandered into the kitchen for a glass of water.
“You’re trying to stop it. Don’t. Control it. Incorporate it instead.”
He closed his eyes and narrowed his focus to the feel of the strings under his fingers, the weight of the bow, and the clear ringing of the notes as they flowed and ebbed together, allowing himself to be at once grounded in the sensations of his instrument and lost in the force of its music.
They were both drenched by the time a cab pulled over.
Sherlock’s eyebrows shot up. “There! You see? I told you it was a phrase.”
His schedule cleared for the week, he booked a room at a quaint inn in Ireland close to the internationally renowned Cliffs of Moher. He’d never been, and figured that with October being the off-season for tourism he’d be able to enjoy the views undisturbed by swarms of vacationing families.
, Sherlock had said the other night about the stir fry.
He’d steeled himself to let John go, but as soon as the drugs loosened his control his mind threw the truth at him hard. He'd made a mistake. It wasn't right. It wasn't right to leave. To leave John with Mary. The overdose was his brain screaming it at him.
"I may have to update your profile on your blog…" Sherlock grinned, moving to sit up. John grasped his upper arm, yanking him back down to the floor.
“Also true.”
“Go to Hell, Mycroft.”
Sherlock watched his flatmate walk agitatedly back up the stairs and wondered if it was just John who got upset about having nice things or if it was a more widespread phenomenon.
Finally he managed to get his shoes on with trembling fingers. He flung open his bedroom door. He had to get back to the hospital.
Hello, everyone! As you know, this story deals quite heavily with BBC canon and in the wake of a new episode it seems I was unable to resist weaving it in already. (I meant to give it at least another update, but it just dropped in so nicely!) The reference is only a few lines of dialogue from the episode pulled out of context. I wouldn't call it a spoiler, but feel free lob pitchforks if you read and disagree. There will be continued TAB references in the following chapters, so if you haven't seen it I hope you'll be able to watch it soon and continue on here with me!
He put the violin to his shoulder and paused, deciding what to play.
John’s face hardened. “Did you know—”
There were more words. Not as clear. Something about dishes and the sink… Why was Sherlock talking about dishes? Was his brain garbling the words? He strained to hear more.
Sherlock played the music and stepped forward. He took John's right hand and placed it on his back. He rested his left hand on John's shoulder. With his right hand he clasped John's left and raised it out to the side.
on Mr.”—he checked his phone for the name—“Tony Bauer tonight?”
“Abroad, yes, but in London…” Sherlock rolled his shoulders to stretch them and stood. He turned around and leaned back against the table. “His closest agents were—still are—well protected. Moriarty would have known that his death was a possible outcome of our confrontation. Clearly, as he showed with vivid performance, it was an outcome he was not entirely averse to. Of course he would have prepared his closest operatives with instructions to carry out should he not return. We know he must have had powerful allies here in London, but there’s no evidence connecting anyone to him.”
“Right,” John said, following just behind him, “your experiments always go swimmingly. Like the time you turned the living room radioactive. Great leap of progress for science on that one.”
going to make it easy. Yet he’d chosen all of it without hesitation and never looked back.
“You think she’s somehow… involved in this?” John asked incredulously.
John’s train of thought was instantly derailed as he came upon the visitor centre and saw Sherlock sitting on the steps.
"I didn't think anything of it until yesterday," she continued. "We got another body in with almost the same pattern of scarring, also on his thighs." She handed her phone to Sherlock. He held it up, swiping through to see the photos. He passed the phone to John.
“And it didn’t occur to you how it would be for me—having you take off like that. Not hearing from you for days after—”
“John,” he said. “John Watson.”
John took out his wallet and handed him a fiver. Five pounds was nothing. He would have paid considerably more to watch Sherlock do this.
She gave him a wry grin. “Do you hate me?”
She left.
He tasted sharp, like vodka and like lemon. He stepped forward, pushing John harder into the wall, forcing his head to tilt up and his jaw to open. Sherlock dragged his tongue along the side of John’s, and John’s head swam with the sensory overload. The scent of his skin—that expensive soap, lemongrass: earthy with a hint of spice like ginger—the alcohol on his tongue, the pressure of his lips, the strength in the grip on his shoulders, the rain sliding down his neck—
smug… John didn’t notice the sounds of ripping fabric.
John gave a short laugh. “Yeah, in the end I didn’t like that either.”
Silence.
“Obviously,” Sherlock said and rushed down the stairs. John shook his head, unable to suppress a grin as he locked the door behind them.
“Look, erm,” John said. “I don’t think I’ll go.”
“I’m sorry about your marriage,” she said.
He leaped up from his stool, knocking it backward. It clattered to the floor and Molly jumped away, skittering around to the other side of the worktop.
John groaned again. Perhaps it was his proximity to John now (he’d always maintained his distance in the doorway when observing previous nightmares), or perhaps it was a composite result of how much they had been through together since the pool, but Sherlock realised he wouldn’t be able to watch this time. It was imaginary pain, but real suffering. And Sherlock couldn’t watch John suffer.
“Brainstorming,” he said without moving his eyes from the screen.
“What, no plan?” John lifted his eyebrows. “Sherlock Holmes can trace a locked-room, delayed-action stabbing to a wedding photographer, but he can’t get a man out of his trousers?”
” And just like that the light blinked out, so easily enveloped back by the thick clouds.
“Well, this should be interesting.” John took a drink. “You sure you want me to come? It seems a bit awkward—”
first name doesn't need adjusting," Sherlock commented.
“I’m waiting on the edge of my seat.”
Molly turned to Mary. “And Mary, leave him alone. You didn’t see how hard Sherlock worked on that antidote. I did. He almost killed himself inventing it and it’s the only reason John's alive right now.”
The impulse pounded in his chest with the quickening beat of his heart. He stepped forward.
“Sherlock!” John objected. “No, you can’t—oof—Sherlock, you are
He could hear John's breathing; he watched the subtle movement of his ribs. John Watson: steady, a constant in his life, or at least he would have been if Sherlock had let him. But in the dream John had said he'd have to leave. Why? What was there in his mind palace that would trigger those words? There must be something about John—some new development his unconscious had picked up but his conscious mind hadn't registered yet. Perhaps something emotional; probably something emotional. Emotions were typically the only thing he missed. He would have to look into it.
“The fact of her working at the same club precludes randomness.”
John flexed his hands from where they’d clenched into fists around his sheets. He breathed. He had to refocus his thoughts or lose himself to the futile frustration of bitter regret.
, John thought,
on, he needed nothing else. Neither food nor rest nor any of those restraints that chain mortals to the drudgery of their daily lives. When the game was on he broke unbreakable cyphers, bent steel, stripped the universe to its chemical contents, ran as though he weren’t bound to Earth…
And then Sherlock knew with certainty that if John were there, he would have said, “If I promise I don’t have any tea, can I come in?”
“Going just by body count, of the two of us I’d say you were the more likely to kill someone.”
she gave him a sly wink. "I wouldn't have come up at all, but, John, Mary's phoned me."
John looked at the daunting mess around him and decided,
A player from the other team cut toward him with the ball and John leapt at him, tackling the man to the ground. In a moment he was up again. The ball sailed toward him and John snatched it out of the air. He shoved aside an attempted tackle with his shoulder and spun, suddenly finding himself in open space. He tore forward, dodging an attack from the left, pushing his muscles as he cut from a full sprint to change direction. There was a thrilling kind of freedom in the exertion—the sheer reliance on muscle memory, the speed of interpreting fast movement around him, and the immediate response of his reflexes.
“And you’re asking me what then? To tell you a ghost story? Really, Mr. Holmes, I could have sworn someone told me you were clever.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and John kissed him. Softly first, and then more insistently, memories of their previous kisses ghosting through the press of his lips and the slide of his tongue. The river running over their boots swelled up past their ankles. John tightened his grip on Sherlock’s waist. “Focus,” he whispered against his lips. And Sherlock did.
"I'll take the case," he said.
When John arrived home from his meeting with Mycroft he tripped over an ice skate and fell forward into a stack of
“We can do it this way...” Sherlock was muttering to himself in a way John didn’t particularly like as he walked to where someone had stacked a set of unwanted chairs by the skip and bins behind him.
Sherlock smiled feebly. “You believed—” his voice scraped and he coughed.
“How much?” John asked quickly. “We need to get you to a hospital—”
“Thank you.” Sherlock looked up at him.
“It will be imperative that you do.”
John declined her offers and relieved her of her watch.
John knew from Sherlock’s expression who he was thinking of.
“Fine.” John straightened his uniform jacket. “I’ll go.” He walked toward the door. “Food and rest tonight; that’s an order.”
“Enough,” Sherlock responded.
, Sherlock, you were
If the situation hadn't been so alarming the detail would have been sweet, almost childlike: needy, possessive the way children are.
“Oh god, you’re not going to deny it, are you? Do you want to pretend you weren’t already half hard when he shoved you down on the couch in that soldier uniform of his?” Moriarty’s eyes flicked down, lingering on Sherlock’s trousers as though he could undo them. “What about his gun?” Sherlock felt his eyebrows raise as Moriarty produced John’s pistol from his suit jacket. Moriarty looked at it in a mock impression of lust. “Don’t you just... want to lick it?” He touched his tongue just above the trigger and dragged it slowly up the shaft. “I suppose you could pretend you don’t,” he said, gazing at the tip of the gun, “but it would be
; John walking through the flat in t-shirts and pyjama bottoms; John strapped in Semtex; John’s jumpers and his smiles; the growly noises John made when he was irritated; John holding his gaze, standing his ground, not backing down when Sherlock pushed him; John pulling rank at Dartmoor; John pulling him roughly up against the bars of a gate, handcuff digging into his wrist; John standing at his grave:
Sherlock adjusted the microscope. “Thought experiment: Let’s say our dead men were poisoned not by the knife that gave them the scars, but by Karina’s lip gloss.”
Sherlock felt John stiffen slightly next to him, sitting up a bit straighter, imperceptible to anyone who didn’t know his posture so well, but Sherlock could read the shift in tension along his shoulders and back.
Sherlock started walking and John followed. It was a twisting labyrinth of alleys but unsurprisingly Sherlock seemed to know where he was going. The rain was falling a bit more heavily now, nothing an Englishman wasn’t used to, but tonight his skin seemed hypersensitive, and he could feel the drops on his neck and face with an unusual awareness.
For Mycroft, however, a ‘soft spot’ meant little in the way of displays of affection. Instead it meant an interest in teaching his younger brother as opposed to ignoring him (which he would otherwise have been inclined to do). Mycroft was seven years old when Sherlock was born, and he decided he would teach him about the difficulties in the world so he would be strong enough to face them.
John lifted his eyebrows sceptically. A man loving another man was the definition of gay, the last he’d checked.
Lesson learned. Mycroft would never be afraid again.
John dropped his eyes only for a moment, and when he looked up she could see clearly the pain in his expression mixing with his determination. He was so readable. So charmingly open. So unlike herself and the people of her world—the world she’d chosen to leave, the world she’d wanted nothing to do with anymore. She braced herself for his answer, and he spoke with measured words.
"I don't know, staying up all night, playing games, making up dirty names…" He looked over at his flatmate's profile. "Didn't you do that when you were twelve?"
John went to the kitchen and took down two tumblers. He didn’t bother asking what Sherlock wanted. The official drink of 221B was Scotch and soda.
He gave her a half smile back. “Thanks, Mrs. Hudson,” he mumbled, gaze already sliding toward Sherlock’s door.
“Unsatisfyingly unpoetic,” Tweedledum agreed.
Sherlock went on, “Who would go out of their way to make a death look like murder?”
Sherlock paused expectantly.
, but strangely it never came. This was Sherlock. Uncontrollable. And more importantly this was life with Sherlock. Unstable. Ever since that first night he’d understood this was how it was going to be. Sherlock was going to be constantly getting himself into scrapes—because he was the most idiotic genius in the world and he had danger written in his DNA—and John would be spending his life trying to save him, and Sherlock was never,
. If Sherlock tried to convince him to have sex with the prostitute for the case, then John wouldn’t hesitate to remind him that
“This is getting a bit scary. Just say something. Who was that on the phone? Was it Moran? Moriarty? Not dead? Is he back?”
Sherlock surprised him by breaking off and dropping his face to John’s neck. He pulled his hands out from under John’s shirt and wrapped them around his back, pulling him in tightly. He stayed still, steadying his breathing, and John embraced him, holding him securely beneath his open shirt.
“I know,” he said tetchily. “I’m a doctor, remember? There’s nothing catastrophic bacteria can do just in the time it takes me to type up these notes.”
“Oh, that’s right.” Sherlock mimed thinking.
He blinked at it. Not lab results. It was the torn envelope with the girl’s—Hannah's—number on the back.
"So, you're not getting married then?" Sherlock confirmed.
Needless to say Sherlock continued to be an obnoxious brat throughout the six years he attended that school. Their parents were mystified how it was that he never once came home with a scratch on him.
He turned.
Sherlock snapped his head back to give John one of his severest glares, but stopped. The adrenaline from the fight subsiding, he’d regained enough peripheral awareness to notice his surroundings again. They had moved a considerable distance from the path and were now quite close to the edge of the cliff. (They would have been worryingly close if anyone's mother had been there to worry about it.)
"Don't," he said.
“Where is he?”
“Did he tell you what they’re about?”
John had never met a woman who worked as a prostitute. If he had any ideas about how she might look based on the Hollywood version of street hookers he was mistaken. She was young, beautiful. Long, thick, undulating dark hair fell around her waist. Her makeup was subtle on delicate features, full lips, dark eyes; John wouldn’t think she’d have any trouble getting work with a modelling agency, but he supposed her reasons for her profession were her own. Alexa, he presumed. She was wearing a small silk dressing gown, barely long enough to cover the necessary parts. Stilettos had her height between his and Sherlock’s. Her long, tan legs were bare—
“It’s not about being a good dancer!” Mrs. Hudson assured him. “I just need someone to escort me. And I thought I’d have better luck asking you than Mr. Sulky over here.”
John gaped. "I didn't
“Moriarty is dead. No question.”
He was nine years old. Mycroft folded his fingers and rested his chin on them, not seeing the table or the room in front of him but instead looking at a young boy with unruly curls. Sherlock was nine years old. Mycroft couldn’t help seeing him that way. Whenever his little brother got into trouble he was nine years old, looking up at him with tearstained eyes:
John had just finished dressing when Sherlock strode back into the room saying, “The taxi will be here in a minute. We’ve got the nine-fifteen flight back to London.”
Eventually he settled on a workable tactic, but still it was more than a few moments before he put it into effect.
Sherlock gave up waiting. “And the funeral home owns
Something clenched tight in John’s chest, making it impossible to breathe let alone speak.
Sherlock’s only reaction was to pull John in tightly, wrapping his arms around his back. He ducked his head, curls brushing John’s cheek as he buried his face at the base of John’s neck, nose brushing the exposed skin above the collar of his coat. He breathed deeply and John could feel the tension in Sherlock’s muscles ease.
"What about the scars? Do you think the scars are connected to how he was poisoned?"
Sherlock looked up from where he was loosening his bow. John’s face was full of wonder—the same expression Sherlock had seen for the first time on their first case, and the one he continued to see even after years of working together. He had wondered when John would get bored, when he’d cease to be impressed. It hadn’t happened. And now after more than five years of knowing each other John was still standing in front of him looking at him like—like
Molly knew Sherlock appreciated her help, but he was working like a bat out of hell and she understood that any politeness or display of gratitude (normally a struggle for him) would be beyond his ability at this point. So she gritted her teeth and did what she was told, making excuses for missing work and only going home to sleep for a few hours at a time. Each time she arrived back at the lab it was as though Sherlock hadn’t noticed she’d gone. There was no greeting, and often he was already halfway through a sentence as she walked in the door.
“The poison is new," Sherlock said, tilting his head to admire John's ability to look defiant in a wool-knit jumper. "My theory is they’re testing it and they don’t want anyone looking too closely before they’ve had a chance to get it right. A stabbing rules out the need for an autopsy completely and they think they’re safe.”
“I know,” Sherlock said softly. Because he must have known. It wasn’t Mycroft speaking.
“Many things. Most importantly that this man did not die from a stab wound.”
He was dressed in full military fatigues: desert combat boots, camouflage trousers, cream t-shirt under open camouflage jacket, dog tags glinting silver at his chest. He wasn’t wearing a helmet, and his blond hair was a bit longer now than regulations would approve. His dark blue eyes glanced up from where he was loading the magazine into his gun. Trained, confident hands slipped it into place.
“After you, brother mine.”
“Severe blood-loss is only one cause of shock," Sherlock said dismissively. "The victim didn’t lose any blood before he died. I'm certain. But bacteria or chemicals could induce it. The autopsy will show us if there’s a foreign substance in his blood.” Sherlock leaned back in the seat and drummed his hands on his knees impatiently. “Give me the details from his file.”
But why hadn’t he gone to the couch? Whose idea was it—
Lestrade realised with some surprise that he had no idea who the detective’s family were, or if he had any family at all. Sherlock had never seemed quite… human enough to have a family. He found himself distinctly incapable of picturing Sherlock sitting at a dinner table being asked to pass the potatoes.
He checked his phone and stuffed his hands into his pockets, exhaling a cloud of cold air. 4:35. No response from the doctor whose shift had ended at four. The cab ride from his surgery was twenty minutes in current traffic. He tried to analyse the probability of whether John would show up, but the numbers were unclear in his head. Frustrating. He could deduce whether a complete stranger would buy earrings or a necklace for his mother, yet still be uncertain about John, of all people. Words and numbers blurred around John in his mind. Irritating.
John closed his eyes. “Why?”
John relaxed as his live-in scientist placed another sample into the chemical analysis device for processing.
“So better to not tell me about it and hold me in place.”
Sherlock hesitated. He’d been glib before, in the alley when John had shot the assassin and had almost been shot in return. Glibness was his natural response to situations that had the potential to become Emotional, but this time he felt he’d got it wrong. No one would ever mistake Sherlock for a tactful communicator, but somehow mocking John’s blog had dropped even below his own standards for expressing the sickening panic he’d experienced when he heard the second shot, before he knew John was all right, and the amazement he’d felt at once again witnessing John’s reflexes and shooting.
He smirked and Sherlock glared at him. He was English, born and raised in London judging by his accent, tall with thin, pale features, and a pointed nose. Like the other lackey who had followed Moran, there was a public school air about his look and affect. Sherlock would know.
Harry dropped her eyes to her coffee, but she took the comment about his wedding in stride. “I won’t play at anything by saying, ‘I know I wasn’t the best older sister’ or some bollocks like that. I was anyone’s worst nightmare of an older sister and
John crossed his arms sulkily. "This one is."
He couldn’t fight sleep any longer. He felt his hand slipping down from Sherlock’s chest as he lost the ability to hold on. Sherlock gripped him harder but John could barely feel it. He was vaguely aware of Sherlock’s curls brushing his face as his eyes fell shut.
in those days. They even arrested him one night for making a scene at the Yard. He’d slept in a cell overnight and gone home only slightly subdued the next day.
John: alive, awake, moving, breathing, shifting, small expressions and gestures flitting through his body with the energy that animated him. Warm blood, warm skin, strong pulse: life-force, real, overwhelmingly present. He had come back.
Sherlock did a swift analysis of her face to determine whether she knew about the incident with Carl Reeves. He concluded she didn’t, that she was talking generally.
Mycroft sighed. “Oh Sherlock, such drama. Has it even crossed your mind that I have your best interests at heart?”
true.” John held his ground. “You told me yourself.”
“Tell me again why you shot him?” John asked on one of those nights. One of those dreaded, poisonous nights when the thoughts seeped past his defences, tainting his blood until he shook with barely controlled rage.
Sherlock felt John’s eyes on his fingers as he disinfected the cut and wrapped gauze around it. It was deeper than it had originally looked through the tear in John’s sleeve. John murmured some instructions about fastening the gauze and put his hand to it when Sherlock finished and stepped back.
“And here,” Sherlock shifted, grabbing the man’s arm where he’d rolled back the sleeve. “Look at the wrist. More postmortem bruising. On both wrists.”
Sherlock stood at the corner of Gloucester Terrace and Chilworth Street. He'd arranged an interview with a woman named Kathleen Bauer. She was a close friend of the woman who died in the car crash: Body B (probably more commonly known as Amy Elliot). He shifted in the cold as he waited, eyes fixed on the flats across the street without seeing them.
"Let's play a game," Sherlock had insisted, standing, swaying on his feet. John knew the feeling. The room was tilting in all sorts of warm and comfortable ways. John was sitting cross-legged on the living room floor. He'd never appreciated how lovely the rug was.
John had texted him, of course.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and John grinned. “That's right, I know all about your and Mycroft’s term for ordinary people. And I can tell you it’s a very popular pastime for goldfish to meet together in pubs every once in a while.”
This was the angle he looked at lovers from. Never friends. Never patients. In all his life he had never seen anyone but a lover looking up at him from this close angle; and never anyone looking anything like Sherlock Holmes. His mind reeled, struggling to interpret the situation.
“Now.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” John said, handing Sherlock back his laser and standing. “There’s nowhere to go in this fog.”
, John thought: The quickest, most efficient, most sociopathic way to get what they needed. John took a deep breath. He should have seen it coming. What other solution could Sherlock Holmes possibly come up with for this particular dilemma? It was fast, effective, cold, and utterly lacking in empathy.
true.” Sherlock’s low voice was barely a step from a growl. “I did want you to come with me. The other thing wasn’t true.”
In Sherlock’s feverishly distracted state it was almost too easy to pinch his phone.
“Actually,” she said hesitantly, “I was hoping John might come with me.”
John logged into Sherlock’s bank account, as he’d regularly done when they’d lived together, and checked the situation. Not good. He’d have to find all the cheques Sherlock had acquired, and clearly not deposited, in the past year and a half.
“But that’s not what’s in here.” John pointed to the lip gloss container.
"John, I think they're better at drinking than we are," Nathan said, swayingly observing their stability.
John had been to a few strip clubs in his day. A stag party here, a drunken night there, but he’d never warmed to them. Confusing feminist questions aside, he didn’t like the atmosphere: A bunch of leering men, some clearly aroused… Strip clubs weren’t John’s scene.
, perfect mouth,
“Of course I haven’t changed my mind,” he said, walking to stand directly in front of Sherlock. “And of course I’m not wrong.” He raised his chin, using his extra two centimetres to his advantage. Sherlock got his own back by giving Mycroft a rubber duck pattern on his boots. It was still his mind palace, after all.
Sherlock stopped pacing. “I know you don’t like it when I call you an ‘idiot,’ but when you freely display a thought process at the level of tabloid-readers you make it difficult for me to give you any credit otherwise.”
“Why would she do that?” Sherlock asked, preoccupied by typing the measurement into his phone.
“And now this,” Sherlock said, sliding his hand down from John's shoulder to his upper arm where Carl Reeves’ bullet had grazed him.
He’d never had a problem touching John before. On cases they often they communicated by touch: light taps to signal, urgent grips and holds to warn, gentle pushes and pulls to guide… They even used touch in their arguments, holding each other in place or pushing back, displays of strength serving as reminders they were well matched. He’d never given a second thought to the intimacy of the contact. But now…
“Inspired, Boss,” Tweedledum said.
“I, erm, I saw how you killed Moran. They did a story on the telly. They don’t know who shot him, but obviously I do.”
's and
John looked back at him.
” John seethed, launching forward and seizing the lapels of Sherlock’s coat.
He worked Sherlock’s mouth, intoxicated by the taste of him, running the tip of his tongue along the length of Sherlock’s, stroking, using it to draw Sherlock’s tongue into his mouth.
Assuming Sherlock hadn’t spontaneously gone violently insane (still not a possibility to entirely rule out), there was a logical reason why he needed samples of their blood. He would be testing them for something. Had Moran injected Sherlock with more than just heroin last night? John felt his throat constrict, suddenly aware of the effort involved in both breathing and swallowing.
“There is no reason.” She knelt down in front of Sherlock, pushing her hands up his thighs and spreading his legs. “She was an angel. It’s true some clients become angry, or jealous, but we have good security.”
When he opened his eyes, Moriarty frowned at him. “Oh, that’s right,” he said in mock revelation, “you can’t, can you.” He dropped his eyes, shaking his head and smiling almost ruefully. “A glitch in the system; you can’t control it. That is rather the point.”
Sherlock instantly released his grip and John seized the opportunity, grabbing Sherlock’s right wrist with his left hand, kicking off the ground, flipping over, and straddling the stunned detective’s waist. No mistakes this time. Still holding Sherlock’s right wrist, he was able to pin the arm to the ground. He caught Sherlock’s left forearm with his right hand and held it in firmly place. Sherlock glared at him viciously and John saw the colours in his eyes burn.
It was the fact that he still wanted her phone, even after John told him it had been wiped clean that prevented John from trying again to tell Sherlock she was dead. Because it was
Then Sherlock Holmes threw a pillow at Dr. Watson’s head and directly pretended he hadn’t.
“Where’s Sherlock tonight? I thought you would be at his place,” Mary said, standing in the doorway of their bedroom.
going to hear the end of it.
They were sitting at the table in the living room. Sherlock had slid very low in his chair, long legs stretched out beneath the table. He’d been staring at Tony Bauer’s Facebook page intensely for some time.
She stood over him, straddling his chair. John kept his gaze firm, looking up at her face. She dipped down, rolling her hips with the music, giving him a lap dance. John took a deep breath. She was beautiful and he gathered he should probably look like he was into it for the sake of ‘distracting her’ or whatever the hell it was Sherlock had said he was supposed to be doing. But perhaps it was because they were on a case, or maybe it was just the inescapable unreality of strippers and prostitutes in general, but John found it more difficult to look like he was enjoying it than he might have thought. There were two talented actors in the room and he wasn’t one of them.
Didn’t he want—hadn’t he always wanted…?
“I know your reflexes,” Sherlock said. He was still staring at him and suddenly John felt the heat of his gaze. The detective’s eyes had an intensity that burned if you looked at them for too long. Sherlock’s left hand was still gripping John’s right forearm, and John was struck by déjà vu again. This time he recalled it. He and Sherlock were pressed up against a wall, their non-dominant hands cuffed together—Sherlock’s left and his right—and Sherlock’s eyes blazing even brighter than they were now.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. “What do you mean?”
"Let's hear it then. And pray make it good. It's too early for boring."
Sherlock walked swiftly to the bed, avoiding looking at the person in it as he snatched the chart off its clip. He scanned the information. Yes, yes it was all correct. John’s body had responded to the antidote—it had halted the deterioration of his circulatory system and redirected his body to heal itself. There were improvements: steady heartrate, blood pressure still low but approaching normal numbers. But the injection had been late. Sherlock knew that. Like a knife in his chest he knew that. John’s body had already shut down by the time he got it. Coma: the body's the final, desperate method of conserving energy in order to heal from trauma. He was stabilised now, but comas like this one were unpredictable. John could wake up in an hour or a year or never. He had been here like this since Friday night and Sherlock hadn’t known. Mycroft had lied to him.
Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock blinked, refocusing on John. He sucked in a breath and said, “Fine, erm… Yes, I’m fine. Erm… Something to drink? Tea?”
“No, Sherlock,” John muttered sleepily. “I’m not going to take
Sherlock grinned. “So he’ll have a story to tell. I'm sure we did him a favour. This may be the one decent story he has in the whole of his unremarkably dull life.”
relaxed in Sherlock’s presence. Lestrade thought in wonder,
“Bunch of teenagers. We saw them run the other way. I don’t think they’ll be back.” Sometimes John surprised himself by how much smoother he’d got at lying. But he supposed he’d had plenty of time to learn from the best.
As an alleged ‘front’ for prostitution and drug dealing, John had imagined Monroe’s to be a dingy, seedy place that would practically spell out crime. The place the cab pulled up to, however, was decidedly upmarket, with a valet option at the door.
"Sorry," he murmured.
But it didn’t matter, Sherlock decided. All of these fumbling and inexact words wouldn’t mean anything. They would probably just make John uncomfortable, and Sherlock didn’t know what the rules were anymore. Did John’s choice not only to leave his wife, but to come back to Baker Street constitute a shift in their relationship? Was John going to want to talk about Feelings now that he didn’t have Mary as an emotional support? Sherlock doubted it. (He hoped not.) He imagined that one of the perks of leaving a woman would be the cessation of the necessity for emotional blabbering. If that was the case, and as it occurred to him he became convinced it was, Sherlock wasn’t going to disappoint him. John didn’t want to hear about his invaluableness.
When John opened the door to the flat he was not surprised to find Sherlock with his violin at his shoulder. He’d heard the music from the street as it drifted through the open window. He was quite taken aback, however, to see his flatmate dressed to the nines in a strikingly smart tux with his hair even more precisely arranged than usual.
“How late?”
John scoffed, “I suffered for two years because you didn’t even trust me enough not to go running to the press to tell them the suicide was fake—or whatever it was you imagined I’d do if you contacted me. If you couldn’t trust me with a secret like ‘don’t tell people I’m alive,’ then I wouldn’t expect you to trust me with much of anything.”
“And you’ll go through it all again. It’ll be much worse when he dies.”
He swung on his coat and reached for the door, but he hesitated. He walked back to the coffee table and picked up a piece of toast. He chewed it, impatiently observing how long the process of chewing can take. He picked up the next piece.
John closed his eyes, relaxation spreading through his own body as he held Sherlock like he was everything in the world worth holding on to.
To his own surprise, what had made him text Sherlock was the man’s socks. One black and one navy blue. Five years ago Lestrade wouldn’t have even noticed this detail, or if he had he wouldn’t have assigned any meaning to it. A man rushing to get ready for work on a Friday morning accidentally grabs two different socks. Mystery solved. But now… Maybe he’d been working with Sherlock for too long, or maybe because it had been five-thirty in the morning, but something about the mismatched socks struck him as ominous: wrong by more than just a fashion mishap.
"Yes I'm serious." Sherlock jumped back up from the chair. His eyes flashed: a surge in current that switched shining to burning. "Your work at the surgery is dull and beneath your capabilities. 'Yes, Mrs. Higgins you may take two paracetamols for your headache,'" Sherlock sneered. "'No, Mr. Jones the freckle on your arm is not cancer,' 'Let's have a look at your colon, Mr. Davies.'"
John looked at him, dazed and confused, hair mussed from where Sherlock had run his hands through, pupils large and black under the kitchen light. Sherlock looked helplessly, desperately at the only person he’d ever wanted.
“Right now.”
“I left a project half-finished before I left for Switzerland and Anita’s threatened to throw out my cultures if I leave them there another night.” Sherlock had a complicated relationship with the Barts cleaning lady.
He'd been right before. If John went mad he really would still like him.
“And no running off,” John said. “It’s incredible you haven’t already fainted; I don’t want to get a phone call saying you’re passed out in a gutter somewhere.”
“If you’re interested in the fate of Mr. Tony Bauer I can tell you he’s safe for the time being. His blood sample tested negative. No poison.”
He wouldn’t have survived long if it weren’t for Mycroft and his damned lists. Ever since that first night. Mycroft had found him; he didn’t know how. Wrecked and shaking—wrong doses; he was sure he hadn’t cared by that point. But still it wasn’t his worst overdose. Lestrade had found him for that one. It was a wakeup call that wouldn’t have lasted. For almost a year he’d stayed mostly sober (perhaps a few minor relapses using doses less than half of what he liked), but the needles sang to him at night and the familiar locations of his dealers pulled at him like a magnetic force no matter where he was on the city streets, growing stronger and harder to resist if he neared one.
“Pretty though, right?” Sherlock jumped to the floor. “Where are you going?”
The cab driver, leaning out the window, did not look overly pleased to see them when they reached the road.
“Your outfits are rarely worthy of notice.”
He slid into the bed and looked with concern at his sleeping flatmate. It was a good idea after all, John thought, closing his eyes. He wanted to be close to Sherlock tonight if he woke up in pain. And, at the very least, it was better for his neck than sleeping on the couch, which had been John’s original plan.
“Halloween party,” John said, placing his gun in the holster on his belt. He’d just finished removing the bullets from the magazine. He didn’t have time to buy a fake gun for his ‘costume,’ so he'd compromised by emptying the bullets from his real one. Everyone would assume it was fake—few people could tell the difference—and the gun wouldn’t be loaded if anyone asked to see it. “For the surgery; promised I’d go.”
he had missed the way John laughed, no need for John to leave to go ‘home’ because
“Do you want to watch me use a density gradient column to compare soil samples?”
“No, it’s… fine,” John said in surprise.
John huffed in frustration. “You said you saw him shoot his brains out the back of his head."
“What do you know about him?”
“Sherlock Holmes”—Moran shook his hand; firm grip, powerful negotiator—“I’ve heard so much about you.”
“Oaths, you know,” Tweedledee said.
The resultant position had Sherlock reclined across the back seat of the cab, head on John’s chest, and feet up against the opposite door.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That was before,” John said, looking at his whisky. The honey brown colour provided a soothing contrast to the sharp scrutiny of Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock hung up the phone.
Sherlock hesitated.
“Yes. I needed you to believe the suicide in the beginning because it was the only way anyone else would believe it. I had to be dead to disappear. And your—your grief was what made it convincing. It’s true I could have contacted you later, after a few months perhaps. I didn’t because I couldn’t pass up the perfect opportunity for the experiment that presented itself. If you continued to believe I was dead I could observe how you would do without me,” Sherlock explained coolly.
John let go and put his arm back around him and Sherlock buried his face in John's t-shirt. He shifted closer, more heat, more warmth.
“You’re going to distract her while I have a look around.”
"I am not."
Sherlock smiled and Lestrade wondered if it was the first real smile—not smirk—that he’d seen on the boy before.
“All right, Sherlock, I don’t care,” John said, feeling resignation sweep through him as he suddenly became aware of how tired he was.
“Really?” John stared in disbelief.
John’s voice was like a catalyst triggering the release of oxytocin—that unfamiliar, intimacy-based chemical—in his brain. It left him off balance, and it took him longer than he would have liked to respond.
John smiled in relief at her understanding. "No," he said, "it's really not."
John’s breathing quickened and he shook his head from side to side:
Startled at the noise, the attacker let go of Sherlock—first priority accomplished—and spun around. But John was already running toward him; he had momentum. He collided with the man twice his size, simultaneously kicking his leg behind the attacker’s and shoving his weight to the side, tripping him backward. The man fell, grabbing at John. John went down with him, rolling at the same time to avoid getting caught. He snapped to his feet as the man was pulling himself up. Perfect position. He whipped the man across the temple with his pistol. It was a killing blow and John hadn’t given it a second thought.
“He has been instructed to kill you,” Moran explained. “You may fight to determine your own fate—for tonight at least.”
Sherlock pointed to the suite on the top floor at the end of the building; large windows faced the avenue, the alley and the street behind. “That’s his flat there,” he said. He clapped his hands and whirled around to face John. “Ok,” he said. “I need you to shout at me.”
; the weight of John’s body, pinning him to the ground on the cliffs; John standing in the living room wearing the tuxedo;
“I have no idea! I didn’t recognise it at all—”
Sherlock and John both snapped their heads toward her in surprise.
“Vodka martini with lemon,” Sherlock replied, adding a bit of the James Bond touch to being undercover. Actually, John doubted if Sherlock knew who James Bond was. John looked at his friend suspiciously. He must know.
“The construction of that question doesn’t allow for a logical answer,” Sherlock muttered, tacking the reports on the corpses next to their photos.
“Billy, I need information.”
Sherlock heard the squeak of the stairs as John went up to his bedroom. He supposed killing people and going for a jog wasn’t an altogether alarming combination of behaviour, but nevertheless he thought about it and concluded that he would still like John even if he went mad.
John couldn’t believe his bad luck. Apparently there were two times Sherlock was going to admit to John that he admired him: at his wedding and at his deathbed and now he was missing half of it.
"I thought you said you didn't know how."
There was a tap at the door and the server set down their respective drinks on the table between the chairs. When the door had clicked shut again she tossed off the dressing gown entirely and cast her gaze down as if to indicate her own figure.
Sherlock also knew that Mycroft would offer him money. He wouldn’t take it, because accepting money from his brother—as opposed to stealing it—would mean submission. Mycroft would use the money as a contract, requiring Sherlock to comply with his every request. Sherlock, for his part, would rather spend an evening of quiet conversation with Anderson than sell his freedom to Mycroft. And since both of these options were only slightly better than suicide—real suicide, elaborately staged fake suicides were excellent fun—he needed a better idea.
“No, nothing.”
"It's six."
With a flick of his wrist he held the lighter under the kid’s sleeve. Flames ripped across the boy’s jacket. The children standing near him shouted and jumped back. The boy screamed, running in circles and flapping his arms.
He felt overwhelmed by the mess in the flat, and he hadn’t had a break from his routine at the surgery in ages. He and Mary hadn't even taken a honeymoon. They'd tentatively planned it for the winter following their wedding, but then Mary had turned out to be an assassin and shot Sherlock, and booking a Caribbean bungalow had somehow become less appealing than it had originally been.
Granted ‘hopelessly in love’ would look different on Sherlock Holmes—Sociopathic Mad Scientist—than it would on anyone else. To the average observer Sherlock’s behaviour toward John wouldn’t appear much different than it was with anyone else, merely that he allowed John to remain in his company for far longer than he would anyone else. However, to Lestrade the evidence was overwhelming.
“If I have to be high,” John said, turning his face up to the sky, “I might as well enjoy it.
“You managed to avoid this kind of entanglement for a long time, but there’s nothing you can do about it now. Your feelings tie you to him, regardless of whether you pretend it isn’t so.”
The visitor centre was closed, and Sherlock had been sitting on the steps for about half an hour. He’d been browsing through international news sites on his phone looking for murders and possible connections between them. Serial killers were his favourite challenges and he was always hoping to come across one. But unfortunately the news that day was as dull as ever, so Sherlock had downloaded a Sudoku app out of curiosity. He proceeded to obliterate it by completing all of the levels within minutes. He had just decided Sudoku was not at all worth the hype when he spotted John coming up the path. He put his phone away and waited for John to reach him.
“You’re BORING. And everyone’s going to find out. You’ve done an excellent job pretending to be above it all, really you have. But in the end they’re all going to know the truth.”
“What’s this?” the grey-haired man asked. His gaze was bold but the shift of his weight communicated nervousness. “The agreement was for the five of us, no one else.”
He remembered the study that found increased brain activity in coma patients who could hear familiar voices. The patients who were constantly spoken to by family and friends recovered significantly faster than those who heard unfamiliar voices or silence.
John stopped and held himself steady. “What things?”
“Your theory. I know you only told Lestrade off about theorising to piss him off.”
Although… Didn’t John catch Sherlock watching him sometimes, in a mirror or out of the corner of his eye? John had dismissed it as part of the mad scientist’s relentlessly observational manner, but what if— John realised he’d never seen Sherlock watch anyone else that way. He ignored everyone else unless they were part of a case.
Sherlock called back, “Normally I’d agree there isn’t anything better to do than sit.” He reappeared holding John’s toothbrush and John saw with amazement that he’d put toothpaste on it. “But not today. Today, John, we have a case!” Sherlock thrust the toothbrush at John’s (left) hand, and John took it, shoving Sherlock away.
“No, no,” John said quickly. “It’s fine. I have a lot to do here.” He gestured to the disaster zone currently substituting for a living room.
“Yeah, all right.”
“He’s fine, dear,” Mrs. Hudson assured him when he returned with the prescription. “I looked in on him earlier and he’s sleeping quietly.” She shook her head. “The scrapes he gets himself into. You know I think it’s for the best that his mother knows nothing about it. I can’t imagine…” She trailed off for a moment and then gave him a warm smile. “He’s so lucky to have you, John.”
and the cases were all
“You’ll be fine. If my theory is correct it’s just a mood-elevating drug, like the kind found in nightclubs but probably milder. I would imagine the prostitutes use it to ensure their clients get the most for their money.”
“It’s never going to be as simple as milk with you, is it?”
From where he was lying in the grass John turned his head to the side to give Sherlock a hard look, but it softened when he saw that the detective had drawn his knees to his chest and looped his arms around them. The posture, which John had often seen Sherlock adopt while thinking, was endearingly childlike for a tall man wearing an expensive suit.
Sherlock jerked him back and spun him around. He pressed him back up against the stone and yanked his sleeve, pulling him down. John sat on his heels and Sherlock crouched in front of him, bracing himself against the monument on either side of John’s shoulders.
“He doesn’t pay you at all.”
“But only for six minutes!”
. Watson’s silly title, but really his own, for the fantasy his subconscious had created to rebel against what he’d very recently done: He’d lost John by saving his marriage. By protecting his abominable bride.
John gave him an exasperated look. “Sherlock, this material is nice, really nice. It must cost
His phone was in his hand. He didn’t remember pulling it from his pocket. Dialling. Who?
John gave him a hard look. “Gone missing, has it?”
“But I can’t have you going off on your own like this without at least giving me a heads-up. I can’t keep fielding nine-nine-nine calls from people shouting about Sherlock Holmes! You need to figure out how to conduct an investigation without harassing your witnesses.”
Sherlock's eyes flew open. The room was cold. His body was warm. No blanket. Doctor. He was in the exact position he'd been in a moment ago in his mind: tangled up in John. He was instantly surrounded by his scent, absent from the dream but thick around him now. John: his soap, wool, toast and tea, and something colder too, like gunmetal, like risk. That cool, thrilling undertone beneath all of the warmth and comfort was the reason John wasn't boring—John's layers, his contradictions.
idea what the word ‘urgent’ means?”
Mrs. Hudson didn't miss the way he stepped forward, territorially placing himself slightly in front of John. She sighed inwardly. It was funny how in some ways young men were all the same, even Sherlock. He didn't seem to be aware of the unconscious shift in his stance. But Nathan stood up, body probably instinctually reading what his mind was too busy with alcohol to notice.
“I’ve seen this before,” Sherlock said, studying the container. “Women who use lip gloss to drug people. They wear a protective lining on their lips to ensure they don’t receive the effects of the drug themselves. Or possibly it’s triggered by a reaction with alcohol. Did it feel like she had some kind of lining on her lips?”
John gave his head a slight shake to clear the memory as Sherlock dropped his arm.
They turned a corner, taking what was presumably a shortcut through an alley. Sherlock had every street and alley of London mapped out in his mind. John had learned never to question the directions when Sherlock was leading the way (which was always).
“You.”
He snatched the vial of blood and a microscope slide, swiftly using the dropper to create another film. His hands were shaking. He grabbed another vial with one of his latest solutions and she scampered out of his way as he swept over to the microscope.
"Wasn't that the one about the toy collection?" John asked. "I remember reading something—"
In response Sherlock climbed up onto his lap and flipped over onto his back. Startled, Mycroft instinctively put his arms around the baby to support him. Sherlock was asleep in a minute and Mycroft felt a pull from behind his chest. From that moment on it was too late. He loved his little brother, and it would be his responsibility to teach and protect him, come what may.
“Well, they owe me money now.”
The words were sticking in his mouth. He gripped the worktop to keep from falling over.
John’s mouth quirked to a half smile as he pulled out his phone and found Mycroft’s name in his contacts.
Sherlock ran, flinging open the doors and jumping into the waiting car, neither noticing nor caring that it was one of Mycroft’s cars and not a taxi.
Sherlock dropped her arm. He spun on his heel and dashed upstairs. Molly stood stunned for a second before running after him.
“Wh—I don’t—”
“Not one of my best, I’ll admit.”
Boredom made him mischievous. Any lack of attention made him intolerably obnoxious. Sherlock needed constant attention, and unfortunately negative attention—scolding from adults and insults from peers—would do just as well as positive.
"Sherlock, stop leaning on me. Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock won't stay on his side."
John had no trouble finding his way to the bar. He had just paid for the whisky when the next dance started. He had a good view of the floor from the stool at the raised bar. He picked out Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson from among the crowd of dancers and almost choked on his drink.
“We’re looking into a few details,” John said. “We need to be certain we have the record straight for her file.”
what you can’t believe about tonight?” Sherlock said, looking up from the screen. He did not like his work overshadowed.
Sherlock heard footsteps on the stairs beneath the sound of his violin. Mrs. Hudson again. Sherlock couldn’t think of enough variations in the English language to tell her to go away. He’d tried using some phrases from other languages, but those proved to be even less effective.
“Good shot,” Sherlock offered.
in your line of work. Look this one is ruined, just like all the others—”
“Well, I guess that was one way to get out of there,” John said, rubbing his arm where the guard had gripped it.
“Just got home,” Sherlock said, tilting his head to the side. John seemed to still be half-asleep.
It was an hour into the party and John couldn’t shake a nagging sense of unease in the back of his mind. He was listening to one of his colleagues—an orthopaedic surgeon dressed as a radiologist (doctor humour, he supposed)—drone on about her garden when it struck him.
Karina,” Sherlock explained as their cab wound through the London streets toward the strip club. “The woman we’re meeting tonight is Alexa. Probably not her real name. She’s worked at Monroe’s for a few years so she should have the information we need.”
and turning the lip gloss over in his hands.
“Honestly, Sherlock, are you surprised? When Mary came to pick John up—”
John had had poison in his veins for nine days and Sherlock hadn’t noticed.
She had asked where he was staying. He told her he’d moved back to Baker Street. There had been a silence on her end of the phone.
that taste; it was almost alarming how fast his body responded to it. Sherlock leaned up into the contact, and John felt the field and the park around them dim to nothing.
They rolled, snarling, grappling, but eventually Sherlock got the reach on him. He flipped John onto his back and straddled his waist, getting his arms into an unbreakable grip, clearly remembering the move from when John had pinned him in the same position. Sherlock was a bloody quick study and it was both annoying and unfair that any trick could only ever work on him once. John dropped his head back into the grass, giving up his efforts at struggling. He exhaled heavily through his nose, eyes making clear the unwillingness with which he was accepting his position.
“John—” Sherlock started, involuntarily moving toward him. Gold medal champion in all categories except John. Silver medallist for John.
“What language is my brother speaking?”
Sherlock shrugged. “Suit yourself. Just remember our dear landlady has recently learned how to use the camera function on her phone.”
But still Sherlock’s mind oscillated. John wasn’t necessarily going to touch him again and Sherlock could avoid judgement-debilitating drugs for the time being. He could put off separating them as long as possible. Maybe forever, if John never touched him again. And he could continue to ignore what he now realised had been a subconscious desire to rip off John’s clothes and examine him: observe the varying shades of his skin, test the tone of his muscles, touch him and watch his reactions, record his movements, noises, discover the variance in his responses to different kinds of stimulation, not to mention the thrill of the risk in finding out what would happen to
Her breath shuddered as she tucked the envelope back into her purse. She turned, rubbing the tears out from under her eyes as she walked toward the door.
you’re watching?” Sherlock asked, pointing to the telly.
. Of course he would be prepared. He’d begun preparing from the moment his delightful older brother had given him his sentence. A roundup of chemicals: pills and powders and liquid. He could experiment now, try all sorts of new combinations; why not? One of the more interesting features of a death sentence is that from the moment you receive it, the concept of ‘risk’ becomes redundant. There is no gamble with life and death when the ending has already been written.
the Princess Lolly card," Sherlock eventually breathed.
"We are both better at drinking than dancing," John announced.
“Let’s assume.”
“Yeah, I should.” But John didn’t move. Instead he looked at Sherlock with dilated pupils and the subsequent wave of norepinephrine flooded his veins with such sudden force that Sherlock nearly jumped back, dropping his arms and turning away.
“Does it matter if they see us?” John asked, keeping his voice low. He didn’t have to whisper. Sherlock was so close, practically on top of him. “They’re just a bunch of drunk teenagers, and we have masks.”
In hindsight it was obvious. He’d been stupid, stupid. The experiment had been arranged under the assumption that its subject was sane. A colossal waste of time. Had Sherlock actually convinced himself that without his influence John would simply turn around and find happiness in a kind of average, married, domestic lifestyle? He’d let John go and he’d found an assassin.
He’d used his phone to take a picture of the full body, and then one of the man’s socks. He texted both pictures to Sherlock writing,
John knew Sherlock wouldn’t be bothered by his absence, considering he’d apparently already forgotten John had moved back in, having left the next morning without a word. John guessed he could stay in Ireland for a month and return to find Sherlock surprised to discover he’d been away at all.
As for himself, John had known within twenty-four hours of meeting him that Sherlock was someone he’d live for, kill for, and die for. Not everyone is lucky enough to find someone like that. And John counted himself lucky. He’d chosen to live for Sherlock at a point when he’d had nothing worth living for. He’d killed for Sherlock when he needed to, and now he could die for him as well. It was nothing more than the fulfilment of the original design.
“Right,” John panted, “I kiss you back and what? I see you again in another three days? I don’t like your
“Ok.” Pause. “Good.” Pause. Sherlock felt like he should say more. “I like that one.”
He lived for the game. And when it was on,
“And you’re not, erm, bothered at all, if we are with the police?” John asked, doing his best to stay focused. He glanced over and saw one of Sherlock’s many bored expressions, the one which meant already knew the answer. It was probably a good thing there was a bedpost blocking his face.
The server tapped on the door and a woman opened it.
“No?” Her lips were almost brushing his. “Perhaps I can change your mind.”
“So you admit I beat you,” John said.
Sherlock sat down in front of his laptop. "No reason at all."
“Further to our agreement,” he said, “Detective Inspector Lestrade will cease to provide you with
Sherlock nodded curtly and rolled over to his other side.
“No.” Sherlock’s face was blank. John believed him.
“You’re both very attractive,” she purred, lifting her hands and running them through John’s hair. “Such a shame that you’re cops."
The stripper dropped to her hands and knees on the platform. Cheers followed her as she crawled around and John couldn’t help grinning when he saw who she had chosen to favour with her attention.
He was nine years old and he was hurting.
She gave him a sultry smile. “My job requires the ability to read people as much as yours.” She moved back over to his chair. “Our clients are a certain type of men, and neither of you are it. You”—she grasped John’s knees and pulling them apart and moving to stand between them—“you’re the type who looks for the wires in the theatre. You don’t trust, and it’s no good if you know it’s fake.” John kept his eyes on her face as she reached for his shirt. She unbuttoned it, taking her time. Unbidden, the memory of how fast Sherlock had done it the night before sprang to his mind.
John balked. “Sherlock,” he said, stepping over to where the detective was standing with his back to him. “Look, you’re a very, er, attractive man, but you can’t expect—I mean, you don’t think—”
“John,” Mycroft answered abruptly, had probably been expecting the call.
When Sherlock was five he became obsessed with pirates, only wanting to watch pirate movies and only wanting to hear pirate stories at night. He played ‘pirates’ in the garden with Charlie, who was nicknamed Redbeard for the game, and Sherlock was Captain Shezza. He wore a bandana over his head and tied one around Redbeard’s neck. He had a plastic sword and the two of them went on many daring adventures, some of which involved attacking Captain Mycroft on his way home from school.
“Shame about being blacklisted,” John said, doing up the last of the buttons. “They had a good Scotch.”
He wasn’t kidding about being insane: a March hare who needed his mad hatter.
"I DON'T CARE WHAT PEOPLE THINK," John shouted. "This is not about
John raised his eyebrows. It was a shockingly cynical view for a child, even if the child was Sherlock. But then something else occurred to him.
Sherlock grabbed the lapels of John’s jacket to forcibly remove him from the kitchen. John reacted instantly, spinning them around and slamming Sherlock back against the wall. Sherlock leaned his head back; bright verdigris slatted at him through black lashes, and John did his best to keep his expression firm in the face of such ridiculously pleasing aesthetics.
This time he was lying fully spread over John, using his weight to prevent him from turning. But John wasn’t ready to give up yet. He wound one leg around Sherlock’s to bind it and found traction with his other shoe to use as a pivot point. (He was better dressed than Sherlock for an impromptu wrestling match. But on the other hand the detective rarely fought in anything less than 'business casual,' so the point was probably moot.) He grabbed Sherlock’s shoulder and with a surge of strength flipped them over.
And yet… He might theoretically know that asking John to leave was the only logical solution, but with John standing in front of him—the body and form that was everything that made 221B home—he knew he couldn’t bring himself to do it. Not now, and possibly not ever. Perhaps they could go on for the rest of their lives without another incident occurring, and Sherlock could keep his mind palace intact and John in his flat too. Wasn’t it possible? He knew there was some expression about eating cake that might apply here but he had deleted it.
crashing through here. And I can’t—I’m not strong enough to stop it. I tried.” Sherlock looked away. He didn’t like admitting failure, even if it was just to a figment of his own imagination.
Mrs. Bennis looked to the dining room where Sherlock was pacing back and forth across the doorway. “I don’t know how you manage to keep a man like that,” she mused.
"That's, er—"Sherlock pushed his hand back through his hair—"that's good. Erm, for future reference you don't have to look directly into your partner's eyes. You can, erm, look out at the dancefloor... Technically you should look left, over your partner's shoulder, to, erm, avoid collisions…"
Sherlock sprang away from the door and just managed to grab the closest slide from the table when the door reopened. He pretended to study it disinterestedly as John walked back into the room.
“I’m not squeamish about guns. I know sometimes there are good reasons to use them. But shooting my
“No”—Sherlock pulled the tube from his pocket and smeared a sample onto a slide—“I was kissing you.”
John was sitting on the edge of his bed, facing the door as though he’d been waiting for him. He was also wearing wellies, absently splashing the river flowing across the floor with one foot.
Pause.
with the majority of the English landed gentry.”
John shrugged. “Maybe some kind of services, like a mutual doctor or dentist… hair stylist, I don’t know…”
“Bored. Bored, bored, bored. Bored. Bored—” Sherlock was orating.
“Good afternoon, John!” Sherlock said, expression snapping from scrutinising to cheery in an instant.
They won by a significant margin and it wasn’t until after the necessary handshakes and polite refusals to join his teammates at the pub, and less polite refusals to introduce them to ‘his friend,’ that John turned to look back at Sherlock. He was half-surprised to see him still standing there. His eyes were fixed on John where he stood in the centre of the field and the stare was piercing enough, even from a distance, that John had to look away.
(See the end of the chapter for
It made no sense, of course. It was all wrong. Loose stitches warning signs for the unravelling of a false narrative. Why was John questioning him about his sexuality? What did that have to do with either Ricoletti or Moriarty?
He took a deep breath and reminded himself that the cats, hateful as they were, were innocent in the matter. So he settled for dumping the cat food on their heads, grabbing a throw pillow from the adjoining living room, and squeezing the life out of it instead.
“So this is it then,” John said, the amazement in his voice travelling through the mask. “You solved it. With her body here, in a cemetery you can prove Moran has connections to, you have enough evidence for a warrant for his arrest. Once they dig up her body the rest will be paperwork.” John blinked in astonishment. “Is this the end of the road?”
“He said he was thorough. They checked the details; it was definitely her. He said it would take
It occurred to John that he and Sherlock had always been connected by scars. His own wound had brought him back to London and prevented him from being able to live anywhere but 221B, Baker Street. And now Sherlock’s had brought him back again.
And what you get—John turned sideways in the mirror—is really not bad. Not bad at all.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “It wouldn’t be one of my better plans, no.”
John had the briefest glimpse of what it must have been like to be Mycroft, and felt a sudden, bizarre pang of sympathy for the man.
Mary flinched, so John had done his best to adjust his voice from explosive to seething. “I know how stupid you think I am; trust me, I know. But I am actually a doctor. A doctor! Wow! For someone as stupid as you think I am, I did somehow manage to pass medical school and gain a decent reputation for being good at what I do.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Are you really going to repeat everything I say? Because this could be a much shorter exchange if—”
“About last night?” Mrs. Bennis looked up quizzically.
Sherlock snarled.
goldfish. And though their meeting had been coincidental, he hadn’t agreed to live with the army doctor arbitrarily. Sherlock would never have chosen to live with an ‘average’ and ‘boring’ person. He would never have chosen to live anyone at all (regardless of any amount of umbrella-waving on Mycroft’s part). But John had walked through the door and Sherlock understood immediately that John wasn’t ‘anyone.’ Of course he was ordinary in the standard non-genius sense of the word, but he was different. Better. The most superior of any goldfish Sherlock had ever encountered. And suddenly, inexplicably, there was space and time in Sherlock’s life where there had been none before. Space for another person walking at his side or moving around his kitchen. Time to slow down a bit and wait for John to catch up; time to explain, and even time to laugh when John’s responses surprised him—something his skull had never been able to do.
“Fine.”
before, and frankly
“You’re certain he’s dead?” Mycroft asked.
“No, look at me,” John commanded, voice low.
“God, for someone who spends all of his time around corpses you don’t seem to get how easy it is to die. Even after last night—”
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist as he kissed him back.
He interrupted her life—took the spotlight and gave her responsibilities when she’d had none.
“The basic principle must be the same.”
“Brainstorming…?”
He leaned back in his chair, hating the quiet stillness of the flat. He rechecked his latest texts from Molly.
case. By the way if you’d like to contribute to it in any way at all you can get one of your more
Each time Sherlock was jolted awake at the sight, sweat prickling his temples, his unmistakable sexual arousal seeming wildly inappropriate in the face of what he’d interpreted as a threat to John. The first time, he pinned an explanation about mistranslated concern for his flatmate’s safety on the dream before shoving it in the closet and promptly forgetting it. He repeated the action each time the dream recurred. But here it was now, resurfaced and swept out at him: John on his knees, pink tongue against thick metal.
John grinned. “My blog is important.”
He leapt off the couch and the poem dropped to the floor. Sherlock would have left it there, but he hesitated, considering. He snatched the piece of paper up and jammed it into his pocket on his way out the door.
They were shoved out the door into an alley, their coats thrown out after them. Sherlock, dexterous tosser, caught his before it hit the ground. John’s landed just a centimetre from a puddle. It had been raining all night and John felt the drops falling lightly on his shoulders. Fortunately it was a warm evening for October. He picked up his coat and went to re-button his shirt, but Sherlock grabbed his arm.
“And why would someone stab him if he was already dead?” Lestrade asked, doing his best to pry more information from the consulting detective who did far more smug withholding than helpful consulting. Lack of competition. That was the problem. The world (namely Scotland Yard) was suffering from an acute shortage of consulting detectives.
Mycroft took a step forward to stop his brother—coma patients were not to be climbed on—but he wavered as Sherlock settled down without knocking out the IV or disturbing any of the equipment. He lay on his side with his head on John’s chest and his arm around him. Was Sherlock awake? He couldn’t be, or he would have noticed his presence in the room.
“It was the Friday night before she died, October ninth. We were out celebrating a friend’s promotion. I had driven her since she doesn’t live far from me.”
"I would have thought so." John had a lovely sensation of sinking and floating at the same time.
, bruised but breathing, drugged but very much warm and alive.
Of course John’s craving for dangerous situations would spill over into a desire for dangerous people. Sherlock had seen both on his initial read of Dr. Watson.
“It worked.” Sherlock’s eyes were blazing.
“Amy Elliot."
He wished he could sleep. His mind palace was currently inaccessible. There was nothing but a vacuum of black space where it normally existed in his mind. Since Mycroft brought him to the hospital his sleep had been blissfully blank. He wished he could go back to that empty nothingness until John woke up.
“My best wishes for a quick recovery,” Mycroft said with a smile that did nothing to warm his freezing eyes. And with a swing of his umbrella, he was gone.
Sherlock waited.
If it hurt, Sherlock gave no indication. He remained motionless and John watched as his eyes cooled and his breathing evened. The wind lifted his black curls back from forehead. He finally broke their eye contact by turning his head to the side.
“You should stay,” John mumbled, standing unsteadily and walking toward him.
“Probably some new case,” she shrugged.
“Sherlock, I told you, I don’t have—”
“And Brandon kissed Amy right away,” John said, catching on.
“Right.” John looked at the nutter he’d agreed to live with. “Erm, why?”
“Fine,” Sherlock said, reaching for the file. Lestrade jerked it back. He needed to make his point clear.
John bit his lip to keep himself from smiling too broadly. The compliments of Sherlock Holmes. He found them far more endearing than he should. He desperately wanted to pounce on the detective and snog him senseless right here in the backseat of the cab, but he knew cab drivers frowned on that sort of thing, and despite the near-shag in the field they hadn’t discussed any ground rules for public behaviour. He couldn’t imagine Sherlock going in for PDA, and actually in the past (in more controlled times, he supposed, when his lips weren’t still stinging with the scrape of a consulting detective’s teeth and the heat of his tongue) he didn’t really go in for it either.
In agitation he shouted through the door, “Well? You said it was urgent!”
Also, while I have you in the clutches of an obnoxiously long author's note I'd like to THANK YOU all so much for reading, for your kudos, and your wonderful comments. They're like rays of light in my email inbox, shining through all the spam I'm too lazy to unsubscribe from.
“And some beans then?” John had hardly dared to ask.
John sat down heavily in his armchair after she’d gone.
Sherlock tilts his head when he stands over the body. He’s motionless but John sees his wiry muscles are tensed, restraining his own relentless momentum. He can see it in the angle of his shoulders, the line of his neck. Slowly, slowly, Sherlock circles the body. The appraisal in his eyes is predatory. Merciless. The victim is not human. It’s a corpse, and he’s stripping it—tearing it to scrutable pieces with his eyes.
With some amazement Sherlock realised John was kissing him like he looked at him: protectively, admiringly, devotedly, and defiantly at the same time. Those looks gripped his heart. This kiss threatened to burn him from the inside out.
“What other thing?”
John was jolted roughly awake as Sherlock leapt to his feet, untangling them in in one fluid motion.
“Nothing,” he managed eventually. “I just don’t think we’ll be getting a Christmas card from the Bauers this year.”
And then he remembered
John shook his head, "I can't, er—"
“It was beautiful,” John said.
Sherlock gave him a frustrated glance.
He stepped carefully to the side of John’s bed, finally forcing his eyes to take in the unconscious figure in front of him.
“I assume Sherlock isn’t responding.”
“I know,” John said peevishly. Sherlock’s ability to read his mind, or at least deduce his thoughts from the slightest changes in his expression, was unnerving. “So why don’t you think it was a mistake?”
He moved to the living room, targeting the bookshelf. He scrutinised it carefully, reading the dust on the shelves. Mycroft owned an e-reader; he wouldn’t have had cause to take one of these books down recently. He just needed to find—there it was: a break in the thin layer of dust. The book had been removed and replaced recently. It was leather-bound, one of many in a set of classics. Sherlock looked at the title:
murder investigation, I assume you mean mine? The Rodgers case.”
John suddenly saw that blood was running down the side of Sherlock’s face and his hair was wet with it. He hadn’t noticed before.
“Wh-what?”
Lestrade was aware that this was probably Sherlock’s way of showing his gratitude, so he gritted his teeth and learned to count backward as a healthier alternative to shoving Sherlock into the Thames.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but John noticed he was smiling. “Yes, John, it is.”
John continued, “It wasn’t a great moment for me when you told me that out of everyone you know, including twenty-five homeless people, I’m the one you trust the least. It took me a while to get used to the idea, but I got it. I get it.”
A thousand apologies had been on the tip of his tongue, but John had thanked him instead.
“I said ‘believe it or not,’” she snapped. “I don’t care whether you believe it. It’s true.”
Sherlock was looking into John’s eyes intently. He was serious, John realised. With a slow exhale John closed his eyes, willing himself to consider the possibility rationally. With Sherlock’s body firmly pinning him to the ground he wasn’t going anywhere anyway. Memories began to surface in his mind.
“Try me.”
Sherlock plucked more strings.
“Now that’s not fair, Sherlock, how did you know I was going to ask you for a favour?” Mrs. Hudson looked put out.
On Sunday he felt well enough to venture outdoors for a walk. On Monday he went out for longer. Today he felt almost fully recovered, and when he came home from his walk, trotting briskly up the stairs, he was optimistic enough to consider going for a jog tomorrow.
, ivory skin,
“No.”
John was too stunned trying to register what he’d just done to duck. Sherlock hit him back fast and he reeled from the impact. But his reflexes were quick, and he grabbed Sherlock’s coat before he could move back out of reach. Sherlock twisted and John grunted trying to hold him. Sherlock snatched John's shirt and pushed him back, but John spun them, slamming him back into the tree. Sherlock gritted his teeth, eyes flashing brighter than anything on that grey afternoon. He propelled himself off of the tree with surprising force. John tripped backward they hit the ground hard.
“It does seem to be convenient,” Sherlock had to admit, vision blurring at the edges as he took in the snipers along with his current predicament.
“Nonsense.”
“It was absurdly easy to find you,” Sherlock drawled, regaining his nonchalance. “It’s almost as if you weren’t even trying to make it interesting for me.”
John shook his head. He didn’t need the reminder of how Sherlock felt about his friends, and how, allegedly, his friends felt about him. For his birthday one year the detective had given him a study he’d written called “An Examination of Hatred in Close Proximity,” based, he was assured, entirely on John’s friends’ body language. Instead of getting upset about a birthday present that boiled down to ‘Scientific Proof All of Your Friends Hate You,’ John had found it funny, and even laughed out loud while reading it. It was accurate, of course it was; it was based on Sherlock's observations. But somehow he hardly minded. His friends were fun for a lark—a few beers once a month, sure, but he wasn’t particularly crazy about any of them either.
“I’ve met him only once. He is not often here. He owns many businesses in London.”
Sherlock did not restrain the eye roll. "Dancing is not two independent sets of steps mashed together. You'll have to lead her."
Oh, John was good. Better than good. He was surely the consulting doctor of manipulative healthcare.
John set his jaw. “One more word, Sherlock, and I’ll shove you
Of course John was aware of the probability that Sherlock was simply telling him what he wanted to hear so that John would let him up, but then John also knew he had to trust him. Nothing would work between them if he didn’t trust Sherlock. So, despite the number of times Sherlock had lied to him, tricked him, drugged him, etc. he knew that one more time, as always, he would have to accept Sherlock’s words unquestioningly. He had to believe in the core of himself, which was forever believing in Sherlock Holmes.
Oddly, the temptation to contact John was strongest when Sherlock was cold. Huddled in an alleyway in Helsinki waiting for his target, eavesdropping on a fire escape in Moscow for hours waiting for one pertinent piece of information, tracking terrorists in Syria through freezing desert nights… In those coldest hours he went back to Baker Street in his mind palace. He opened the door and it was warm and John was there, moving around the kitchen in one of his jumpers, usually making tea.
“What are they right about?”
The officer returned and handed the file to Lestrade. He made to give it to Sherlock, who held out his hand, but stopped. “Let’s be quick about this one, all right?”
, Mrs. Hudson!” It was maddening to speak words and have them go so entirely unheard, despite speaking loudly, clearly, and even in the correct language.
Sherlock passed it to him.
He felt a tug on his sleeve and he followed Sherlock over to a stage where there were two empty seats.
She didn’t resent John though. It wasn’t his fault. It wasn’t as though he had swooped in on Sherlock, snatching him up and taking him home and keeping him there, pulling him into his work and his life in an irrevocable way. No,
. John snickered, dismayed to find it was still funny in the absence of any mind-altering substances. He truly felt he didn't deserve the number thirty-four as an age marker.
Seeing his brother like this—trying to hold on to John—he felt the familiar constriction in his chest. It was the same one he’d felt in the helicopter, when Sherlock shot Magnussen in the head.
So she continued to work at his side, trying her best to stop calculating the exact amount of cocaine Sherlock was ingesting and to simply appreciate the fact that they were in a hospital, and help would be just around the corner if he overdosed.
John stopped abruptly as Sherlock flipped the other knife from his pocket and cut his own, left, hand and filled a second vial.
Sherlock looked up at him.
“Oh, come on,” he said. “She was horrible!”
She passed Sherlock’s older brother at the front doors of the hospital. They nodded curtly in acknowledgement of each other as they went their separate ways.
Nine p.m. approached and Sherlock braced himself for an assault from Mary. She would come in screeching about her right to stay overnight with John and he wasn’t sure he would be able to prevent himself from tossing her through the window.
He opened the door and John saw his relatively small room reduced by half with a portable bed crammed in.
For the meantime, it was necessary to get out of the current compromising position before John woke up yelling about not being gay and possibly blaming Sherlock for sleep-hugging.
“Consider the surprise compounded,” he said dryly. “What can I do for you, Miss Hooper?”
John’s eyes lost their focus and his hand dropped. Sherlock tried to hold him tighter, as though he could stop him from falling. But he couldn’t. Because it wasn’t John’s body that was falling. It was a part of John that Sherlock couldn’t reach, falling away from him.
Mrs. Hudson giggled and Sherlock shot her a glare.
John grinned, folding his arms and leaning against the doorjamb. “Sounds dreadful.”
“John…”
John gave a short laugh and said, “It’s all part of the strategy. He’s the eye candy—distracts the criminals into muddling up their alibis.”
“Why are we going to his flat now?” John asked when he’d finished reading.
he thought, the words like pain in his mind.
But that was Sherlock’s way. Other people moved around him like shadows, only coming into sharp focus when they figured centrally in a case. They immediately faded back into grey background when their relevance to his work ceased.
His death was probably for the best, John decided as he ducked into the cab beside Sherlock.
“No,” Mycroft said casually, “if you, or any of you, so much as touch Sherlock again”—he flipped a lighter out of his pocket and bent to their eyelevel—“I’ll light you on fire.”
“Is it a two-patch problem then?” he heard John ask.
It was still a while before he spoke, and when he did his voice was flat—a defeated break in the emotion that had threatened to crush him a moment ago. “Where did you go.”
"In our living room."
A cab pulled up to the kerb.
They had both inherited the same exquisite bone structure, ivory skin, and height (though—as Mycroft was thrilled to point out—when Sherlock stopped growing he was the same number of centimetres shorter as the score of his intelligence test was lower: two. They’d had a full on brawl in the garden one Christmas over that point).
John’s replaying of the argument was cut off by a vicious swipe of claws across his shin, which thankfully was protected by denim. The other cat, Bonkers, had appeared and when John looked down at the kitchen floor he saw both cats glaring up at him. A flash of hatred shocked through him. He didn’t like cats. He’d never liked these cats and they’d never liked him. But he’d put up with them because they were Mary’s; because he’d loved her. Now he briefly fantasized chucking Bonkers out the window like a discus.
John wanted to laugh out loud at the absurdity of the statement. Sherlock would carry on talking to him, oblivious to whether he was even in the room. Sherlock would forget him at crime scenes. Sherlock’s work was his priority. Everyone knew that. John scoffed, turning his head to the side.
Lestrade watched Sherlock and John walk away. Sherlock handed John the file, then lifted the barricade tape so John could duck under it. Lestrade shook his head. There was one person on the planet for whom Sherlock was (unconsciously? consciously?) considerate, and that person seemed to be entirely oblivious.
“You forgot my legs,” Sherlock was courteous enough to point out.
the last time he ate might have been more than three days ago.
John bristled, silently daring Sherlock to tell him he should be at home resting. He could let Sherlock know just how fun it had been to be at home resting the past few days in an empty flat with no goddamn sign of the person who was supposed to live there with him: the person who had kissed him and then apparently changed his mind and didn’t feel it necessary to give any kind of explanation.
“I didn’t believe the tabloids,” John snapped. “But Janine looked pretty comfortable sleeping in your bed when I found her there in her knickers, so I assumed—”
“Can I—?” John asked hesitantly, eyes flicking down to the scar on Sherlock’s chest. He hadn’t actually seen his flatmate with his shirt off since—since the incident.
“Not these shirts,” Sherlock said from the wardrobe, grabbing the last gingham button-up by the sleeve. He jammed the hapless shirt into the suitcase after the others. John’s military sensibilities cried out in distress, but he took a deep breath.
Sherlock halted in his tracks. Dazed vision sharpened into focus as he dragged himself from the rushing torrent of his thoughts back into reality. His legs had taken him exactly where he needed to go.
He knew this angle. He had been in this position before, strictly with women, but he was here now, and Sherlock was brushing his thumb across the cut on his cheek, and his eyes were asking him a question, and suddenly John understood. Sherlock didn’t know what he was doing. It was something beyond the reaches of his vast knowledge. Sherlock couldn’t do this, but John could.
And then there were hands. There were rough hands on John, maybe four, maybe fifty, trying to pull him away. Sherlock wouldn’t let him go. He was yelling, yelling something, he didn’t know. John was ripped out of his arms and then there were two more hands, firm on his shoulders, pulling him back, pulling him up.
The nurse lifted Sherlock’s arm and gave him another injection just as he began to wake. His eyes dropped shut again and the nurses pulled him out of John’s arms and onto a gurney that had been brought in for the purpose. The doctor needed the space to work, to stabilise John, and this was not the time or place for Sherlock's antics.
John remembered that night vividly: Sherlock vaulting over an iron gate and almost dislocating his arm as the handcuff chain yanked it up. He’d had to reach through the railing to grab the lapel of his flatmate’s coat, pulling him hard back up against the gate, forcing him to face him through the bars and holding him there—an attempt to stop the unstoppable force that was Sherlock. Inescapably close he’d felt the detective’s energy radiating off of him like heat, and his eyes burning with it. The fever of the chase pulsed through Sherlock’s veins and John only ever had to
he decided, feeling the discomfort of the floor fading away.
“I don’t want to alarm you,” Sullivan said casually, “but there’s a
Impeccable timing, as always.
“Are you threatening me, Sherlock? John’s not enough? You want to put me in a coma too? He might never wake up, that’s what they’re saying.” There were tears in her eyes but her face was as hard as flint.
Sherlock was saying things and he had no idea what he was saying. He hoped he was telling John not to leave him, because he needed John to stay with him, to wake up, to get up.
“So we’re meeting with a random prostitute who works at the same club.”
“Do you know how incredible it is that I’m even considering trusting you?”
Lestrade was sitting at his desk when a twenty-two-year-old, skinny, strung-out uni kid burst through his office door. He was tall with dark, curly hair and alarmingly pale skin. The boy clearly had no personal skills. He strode in without introduction, imperiously shouting some mad theory about a case Lestrade had just closed the day before, accusing him of having been wrong. Hyper-intense, manic, almost frightening; he was visibly high on cocaine—nervous agitation, hands shaking—Lestrade had dismissed him as a raving mental case. He hadn’t even gotten his name.
“You have been vulnerable since that night in Brixton, and your enemies know it. Surely you must understand that the logic evaporates if you are
“Ah, the million dollar question.” Moran opened the case and Sherlock saw the glint of a syringe.
Mrs. Hudson already knew Nathan Perry. He was a sportswriter for the BBC, a fact Gail wasn't letting anyone forget. He was younger than John, the same age as Sherlock, if she remembered correctly. He greeted her cheerfully.
“This was Karina’s specialty,” she said, moving across to John’s chair. She dragged the knife gently down his chest where she’d opened his shirt.
The conclusion, John had grimly realised, was that Sherlock had to
Sherlock returned his attention to his notes.
Sherlock, what are you doing here? What time is it?"
How could he have fallen for such nonsense? In what alternate universe did Mary’s distaste for being honest with her husband justify her shooting Sherlock through the chest? Sherlock-world. Apparently Mary-world too.
“Yes, I’m sure you planned to walk in on our meeting without backup and unarmed.”
"And you're up here?"
“Maybe the car accident was really an accident?”
“You see, if we kill you tonight you’ll miss out on the whole surprise.”
“The answer to that question is the reason I like this case already. Normally people endeavour to make murders look like accidents—”
Sherlock knew all of this already.
John let go of the spoon he was using to stir his coffee, round and round the cup, creating a small whirlpool. Harry was looking at him sternly. As though
“His name is Carl Reeves,” Mycroft said as John drew out the photograph and criminal record. The guy was big, six-three according to the mugshot, and bulky, a typical strong-arm type. His head was shaved and he had a tattoo on his neck of playing cards: Two aces, diamonds and spades.
Sherlock, holding the bottle of disinfectant, thought it would be useful to remind John of the rate at which bacteria multiply.
“Thanks, dickface,” John grinned, flipping him his middle finger as they made their way back toward centre field.
“A pineapple,” Sherlock repeated, uncomprehending. John and Lestrade ignored him.
“Until now.”
"Genius,” Sherlock had corrected him with a rather stern look. Music should be evaluated on its own terms, not whether it had been hijacked for some action film.
This was about John.
John shrugged.
Several minutes later a nurse entered carrying a syringe. Morphine. It was morphine. Mycroft understood. A low tar cigarette for Irene Adler and morphine for John.
When he re-entered the living room he was surprised to find Sherlock still sitting on the couch, though he’d crossed his arms sullenly. He must be feeling faint if he hadn’t jumped up demanding to be left alone by now. John reprimanded himself sharply for forgetting to make him eat. It was one of his most important self-appointed jobs.
It was always ‘John’ and never ‘Lestrade,’ despite the fact that
“I’m not going to spend the whole night trying to stop Sherlock from being Sherlock,” John continued.
Sherlock knew every fleck in John’s uncommonly dark blue irises. John’s voice was as familiar as his own. There was no one he knew more thoroughly, more completely, than John Watson. And yet he must not know him nearly so well. Because John was one of the very few people (a short list that mostly included criminally insane serial killers) who could continue to surprise him, impress him, be worthy of his attention.
While John might seem like Mr. Sociable next to Sherlock (Ivan the Terrible would seem like Mr. Sociable next to Sherlock), the truth was he’d always been a bit of a loner. He accepted the people he was thrown together with, but never made the effort to gain new friendships or found the motivation to maintain established ones. This was partly the reason he’d come back from Afghanistan with no one to call.
“Well, he’s done a very good impression of it,” John said, nodding in approval.
Sherlock sniffed. “No. I’m not versed in emotional drivel.”
Sherlock’s focus flicked from red to dark blue as it centred sharply on John’s eyes. They sparked with an electricity that Sherlock could almost feel running through John’s body where it was pressing heavily into him—heat in energy—and through his hands that were gripping Sherlock’s arms hard enough to bruise.
“Co je sakra s tebou? Neumíš anglicky?” They seemed like questions. She didn’t know what he was asking. The frustration in his tone was sharp.
He dropped down onto Mycroft’s couch and lay back. He’d analysed the poem from every angle he knew with no result, and he'd made no other progress to speak of. But this wasn’t a matter that concerned only him. It was about him and John. And perhaps, he thought as he closed his eyes, it was time to ask for John’s help.
John grinned in spite of himself. He resumed walking and Sherlock followed. John looked over at his friend who had regained his meditative expression. It turned to a scowl as he said, “It’s unacceptable to have to wait until Monday for the autopsy results. Lestrade said he won’t be able to push it through without proof of urgency. It’s preposterous that they expect me to catch criminals while they keep me waiting around…”
“Are you all right?” Sherlock demanded, palpable urgency in his voice. He scanned the room quickly. No sign of intrusion. Where was the bloody light switch? He fumbled for it against the wall, but stopped when John moved, sitting up fully into the light slanting through his bedroom window, running his hands through his hair.
John stormed up the stairs to his bedroom. A short while later, when he came down again, fully dressed, Sherlock was sitting with his back to him working at his laptop. John didn't say a word as he grabbed his jacket and opened the door, and Sherlock didn't turn around.
“But why would this woman poison random men?” John asked. “You think she’s a serial killer?”
hadn’t escaped him. But Sherlock had promised himself after John’s wedding that he wasn’t going to bother him with these sorts of ex-flatmate problems (e.g. where are the towels? Is it possible to fold a fitted sheet? Are there significant consequences for not doing so correctly? How does the heat work? etc.). He wasn’t going to interrupt John’s new married life with such trivial problems that he himself found too boring to properly consider. So asking John was out of the question.
“I managed to evade all passive-aggressive tactics to prevent me from leaving.”
“When?”
“What?” If John were drugged, the least Sherlock could do was to not speak in non sequiturs.
John gaped at him. “Wha—Why are you dressed like that?”
Fuming, John went to sit in his chair. He grabbed the morning’s newspaper and read impatiently. More than a few minutes later Sherlock was walking into the living room, overdressed in a smart suit as usual, and towelling off his hair.
“The odds on the outcome seem to be skewed to one side,” Sherlock felt the need to point out.
So, at the age of sixteen, Mycroft looked down with clear eyes at his nine-year-old brother and said, “No, Sherlock, I don’t love you.”
“Well, she is. Mycroft told me after the, er, the whole… I meant to tell you, but—” John stopped.
“Was the tongue necessary?” John felt his capillaries again.
But before John could recover from the shock-induced paralysis, before his thinking had caught up enough for it to occur to him to shove the detective back, just as soon as it had begun it was over. Sherlock stepped back, regarding John carefully. And John, as much to his surprise as anyone’s, sank to the ground, sitting down hard on the street.
“Come in,” she said, opening the door wider and stepping back. “Have a seat.” She had a subtle accent John couldn’t place.
"They always will, no matter how many times you wash them—typically the curse of the medical or scientific research professions, but you don't work in either. A dentist, perhaps, but dental work is too mundane for you, the girl who obsessively reads John's blog and not for its literary merit."
Pause.
“You have to pretend,” Mycroft tried to explain.
Sherlock waited.
“Yep," John concurred.
“We have a bet going that you’ll kill yourself—finish what you started up on the roof of Barts. I think you will. Because you’ll have to watch John die knowing you weren’t smart enough to save him. I think that’s worth killing yourself over, don’t you?”
“A man who puts on a suit like that in the morning does not carelessly grab two mismatched socks. My theory is that he died at home. His killers dressed him in the same clothes he’d worn to work to make it appear as if he’d never gone home—straight from work to the bar on a Friday night—before dropping the body off in the centre. But they grabbed one wrong sock, and
“It’s a penguin,” Sherlock said a bit belatedly, but the setup for a joke had been there and he didn’t want it to go to waste entirely.
John wanted to scoff at this, but then again, he supposed if anyone had a right to be paranoid it was Sherlock Holmes. When Sherlock thought there were microphones and cameras in their flat, there usually were.
“What?” Sherlock snapped.
Sherlock blinked and when he opened his eyes they locked on John’s. John’s breath caught in his chest. Being the sole focus of Sherlock’s attention, on the few occasions it happened, was an unnerving experience. (Even when he had Sherlock on his back, immobilised in the grass, that incomparable bastard still managed to be intimidating.) To have all of Sherlock’s intellectual power concentrated on him at once—that magnificent mind, ceaselessly analysing and calculating at a dizzying pace—was a crushing sensation. But John persisted. He had Sherlock’s attention and he was going to use it.
Sherlock always took the precaution of obtaining and memorizing—through fantastically furtive methods, of course— Mycroft’s cards each time he got new ones.
“Each of the men has a large number of these small scars, and each scar was made at a different time. Unless they were repeatedly being threatened—which is highly unlikely considering the background checks Lestrade ran on them—we have to assume they were electing to have these cuts made.”
He hoped John would be able to infer the words he couldn’t make himself say. It was a real goodbye. His tears were for the sniper’s benefit, he’d been prepared to tell anyone who asked. No one had asked.
“He’s the best.”
She handed the envelope to John. "I wrote my phone number and email on the back of the envelope in case you want to contact me—I mean, in case you need any more information."
John paused looking at the fashionably slim trousers and the sleek cut of the jacket. He’d seen this suit once before.
“Hello?” Mrs. Hudson answered the phone.
Sherlock smirked, “You can have that written on my next gravestone.”
Mary snapped her head up from her phone as he stirred, eyes slowly opening.
“But what?” Sherlock leaned forward. He was looking at him in a way that kept making John look at the carpet.
“Thanks,” he said, not meeting Sherlock’s eyes. Odd.
“It’s true,” Sherlock said in that deep, inimitable voice. It resonated to John’s core; it always had. Sherlock tightened his grip on John’s arm. John knew the warning signs, but he didn’t care. He’d given Sherlock the option to avoid the argument. As far as John was concerned, by following him Sherlock waived any right to blame him for whatever happened next. He briefly wondered if either of them would survive whatever was about to happen next.
The quickstep turned out to be just as fast and formidable as the name suggested. John watched the complicated footwork of the dancers in awe. When the consulting detective and his landlady moved past the edge of the floor John watched as they successfully executed a complex set of steps before he swept her off again.
Sherlock jumped to his feet and resumed pacing the room. He took a crooked path, as the items scattered about the floor made a straight one impossible.
A scattering of stars was just visible through the city’s light pollution. He looked back at Sherlock and saw the detective had followed his gaze up. John smiled at him while he couldn’t see. Sherlock had called the stars beautiful once. Actually they were the only natural, non-criminal, and non-chemical thing John had ever heard him call beautiful. He suddenly felt an urge to stuff Sherlock into a train and take him out to the middle of a field far away in the country, to make him look up at the stars there, to point out the few constellations he knew (the ones Sherlock had probably deleted), and convince the scientist that he could keep a few things in his mind that weren’t practical, but only beautiful.
Mary sat up a bit stiffly. “He’s not here.”
“What? What drug?”
John opened the door to the flat.
“Or, how about this?” Sherlock asked, swiftly removing his shoes, hopping onto John’s bed and sitting cross-legged—coat and all—on top of the freshly made bedclothes. “I’m here first.”
The night before they had arranged to have Redbeard put down Sherlock was sitting on the floor next to him. He looked up at Mycroft with tearstained eyes.
“It begins in an hour and a half,” Sherlock said. “You have plenty of time.” He plucked at the violin strings absently as if deciding what to play next.
Sherlock was clearly not enjoying being unaware of what John was talking about. John could have exploited this rare moment—holding information Sherlock didn’t have—as Sherlock would have done, but he was John, and he didn’t.
and the whole of Scotland Yard was
Sherlock recognised it immediately. He’d known about John’s nightmares from the moment they’d met in the lab at Barts. He’d observed it. Tired, under-eye circles plus psychosomatic limp plus PTSD equals nightmares. But he’d cleared those up along with the limp. There had been no nightmares at Baker Street.
“John’s addiction to a lifestyle that involves a certain level of danger began long before he met me,” Sherlock said acerbically. “England has a pressing need for surgeons. They’re reputable, high-paid positions. John chose the army instead. What does that tell you?”
"You thought I'd do better without you?" John was not finished with rhetorical questions. "Find a nice wife and settle down to a nice quiet life. You become just a good pub story?”
The last thing to be done was to arrange the cleaning for while he was away. He paid for a day’s service with Sherlock’s money, and went downstairs to have a cup of tea with Mrs. Hudson. She promised to oversee the cleaning (partly to keep an eye on Sherlock’s expensive equipment, but also to prevent anyone from opening the fridge and inadvertently buying themselves years’ worth of therapy). He left strict instructions with Mrs. Hudson that all newspapers and journals should be recycled (they were all online in the archives. Sherlock didn’t need to keep everything in hard copy like a bloody hoarder from the 19th century), anything broken should be tossed, the floors and kitchen should be scrubbed spotless, and absolutely
“…my inspiration…you’ve saved my life…”
Unfortunately, more often than not, these moments came coupled with a reminder of why they were in the situation to begin with: a mental picture of Sherlock the way he’d been in Magnussen’s office when John had rushed into the room, not realising the full extent of what had happened until he pushed his friend’s jacket back and saw the blood, gasping for breath as he reached for his phone,
put him a bit off balance. Not that he discounted his own appeal with women (in fact he'd had a fair bit of success not only in London but across three continents over the course of his life). However, he also had to acknowledge that in his considerable number of past relationships, he'd never actually been standing next to Sherlock when he met any of his girlfriends. Was she not aware there was a tall, dark, and reportedly gorgeous detective in the room with them now? Maybe it was because Sherlock was in his pyjamas... But then Sherlock looked better in his pyjamas than most men did in a tux. Tosser.
John felt his throat go dry. He couldn’t swallow.
—he would have made a plan. He would have involved John. Danger wasn’t nearly as enjoyable without John. And dying wouldn’t be any fun at all if it meant leaving him again—if it meant he couldn’t say goodbye.
And wasn’t it everything John had wanted? He didn’t give a damn about politeness and coddling—the kind of anxious, careful courtesy people use to walk on eggshells around each other. Wasn’t the lack of all that what had attracted John to Sherlock in the first place? His directness and his disregard of the social niceties that trapped everyone else into hollow small talk and fixed smiles. John had done
Sherlock leaned back again and scoffed, “There’s scarcely reason to be upset about a person living in Berlin. Granted it’s a dreary sort of place but it’s hardly cause for alarm.”
“Yes.”
“Right,” John cleared his throat again, “she’s, well, actually… she’s—she’s dead.”
“The subjective ‘sluttiness,’ or whatever you want to call it, is immaterial. The fact is that Amy received the poison through the kiss. There was meant to be no connection between the victims. The two of them then had to be gotten rid of. So, what’s a good way to kill two people and make it look like an accident?”
John was listening with rapt attention. This was more about Sherlock’s childhood than he’d ever heard.
And without the game… In the past there had been drugs. An exhilarating rotation of cocaine and heroin. Up and down, round and round, a beautifully destructive carousel: blurring sensations and blissful numbness. It had been dizzying, the risk and the rush, never enough and then suddenly too much all at once. And then the decision to stop. A grinding halt. And now there were only nicotine patches, an empty flat, and silence.
“Because, John, you are tediously predictable and I knew that you wouldn’t wear it if anyone else bought it for you.”
“Quick,” Sherlock said, voice low, “what’s the name of the series on the telly?”
John picked up his pace; he couldn’t waste time wondering if he was going in the right direction. He just had to go.
“To incorporate the emotion I have for you.” Sherlock blinked, steady. “Now that it’s integrated into the structure of the palace it’s no longer a threat to its integrity.”
He had only meant to be doing reconnaissance work tonight. He knew drugs were being stored for mass distribution. The plan had been to find the supply and connect it back through Moran by piecing together an information trail. The plan had not, admittedly, been to find Moran simply standing in the middle of it. The encounter went against the balance of probability. His timing was really was off tonight.
“You can,” Sherlock returned. “Consider it your ‘I No Longer Have Mortgage Payments’ gift to yourself.”
“You’re an obnoxious person,” Sherlock said, though he took a bite of the toast.
They walked on, statues and monuments looming over the graves of whom John assumed were the wealthier departed. It was a large cemetery, and John was just understanding how long it could take to check each grave when Sherlock stopped short, causing John to walk into his side.
John grinned, looking up at him from where he was lying on his back. "You never tell me why when you ask me to do things."
“God damn it!” John whirled around and hit him. His left fist caught the side of Sherlock’s face hard enough that he dropped his arm.
"My goodness, I'm so sorry to interrupt!" his abhorrent landlady prattled.
John’s head was spinning; the situation was surreal. His brain was automatically sending him signals to interpret the angle—Sherlock beneath him on the bed, Sherlock’s hand on his face—in the only way it knew how. He wasn’t quick enough now, here, at three o’clock in the morning in Sherlock’s bed, to come up with an alternate story, a rationalisation. Beginnings of ‘doctor/patient’ or ‘concerned flatmate’ related nonsense fell apart even as they formed.
John smiled at her politely and she blushed. She was pretty, he noticed. Probably in her late twenties, small and slight (even with her heeled pumps she was still an inch shorter than him) with just enough curve to her breasts and hips. She had a nice face—undistinctive, but the kind that becomes prettier the longer you look. She returned his smile. She was cute, openly nervous about meeting them. Nothing like Mary. Even her long, naturally chestnut coloured hair provided a pleasing contrast to Mary's bleached blonde.
“Ok,” Moran said, standing up. “Here’s my decision. We’ll let fate decide. We know you have a penchant for miraculous escapes, so we’ll see if you can pull one out of your hat tonight.”
Sherlock dropped his gaze and his dark eyelashes stood out in contrast against his pale cheekbones.
John laughed into his glass.
Sherlock looked at him suspiciously. “It means, ‘requiring immediate action or attention.’ Why do you ask?”
“I’d be happy to take you,” John said, standing as though he were accepting a mission. “After everything you’ve done for us I’d be glad to return the favour. As long as I don’t have to dance.”
“It’s going to kill him, living here. You’re going to kill him.”
John blanched, caught completely off guard. But he recovered quickly. “Really?” he laughed humourlessly. “Are you giving me permission to be gay? I’m not, by the way, but thanks. I’ll remember it the next time I feel like picking up a bloke on my way home. I’ll think, ‘This is ok because Harry says I’m allowed.’”
The door burst open and two security guards rushed in. John’s arm was forced around behind his back and he was pushed forward, Sherlock in the same predicament at his side. They were taken swiftly down the corridor, down the back stairs and held in front of a back door. A third guard arrived with their coats.
"You know what your stripper name would be?" John asked, edge of eagerness in his voice.
to do for a case, including drugs, murder, faking his own death, proposing, etc.
A year later it was clear they had to put him down. He was old. He was in pain. The line had been crossed—it would be unkinder now to let him continue to live. Except for school, which their parents forced him to attend, Sherlock never left Redbeard’s side in that final week.
“John, here are the pills,” she said, popping a plastic bag out of some kind of snapping compartment in the dishwasher.
John held the edge of the wall. He couldn’t be expected to maintain his balance if the flat was going to tilt and wobble so. “I think you’re a twatting tosspot.”
He couldn’t ask him… But what if John chose it without being asked? He was here now, wasn’t he? Was it possible… Could it be that John had decided that he, Sherlock Holmes—a high-functioning sociopath who cared for John more than anything in his own disordered and necessarily limited way—was enough after all?
He would have imagined a porcupine would be cuddlier. He would have imagined Sherlock, who—according to all evidence thus and lately presented— had never slept with anybody, would have been startled awake at the first touch and shoved him back. But Sherlock was nothing if not unpredictable. He could defy expectations in his sleep. Literally.
Initially she had considered whether she would be able to kill Mike Stamford and make it look like a workplace accident. But of course Sherlock would figure it out. The difficulty of being in love with the world’s most brilliant and beautiful detective: you can’t kill people to get to him.
“I don’t insist on being average. I
John, who had been looking at the houses on the block, whipped his head around, surprised by the question. “No,” he said finally, “I didn’t.”
“Why should I be? The police do not trouble us about our work or our papers. My boss sees to that. No, you are here for a different reason.”
It was a testament to how far gone Sherlock was that he didn’t hang up immediately. Instead he said, “Mycroft, please,” hating the pain in his voice. “I can’t—”
I’m here because you
