Point is, Dean has been in many situations that he handled mostly with grace. This is not one of them. For some reason, that big gigantic bird terrifies the shit out of him, and he swims like he’s never swum before.
"You are
Silence.
"Goodnight, Cas."
There’s some more writing on the ‘wonderful opportunities’, and generally way too many exclamation points and some other details Dean skims over to get to the bottom of the letter.
Dean opens his mouth to correct her, but nothing comes out so he just stands there, balking.
Now Cas looks at him like Dean's trying to explain the different types of motor-oil to him.
"You done for the day, buddy?" Dean asks, getting the ingredients out of the fridge. He still has tomato sauce from a previous pasta dish, so the meat sauce shouldn't take too long to make.
"I've been waiting to do this all day," Cas whispers, pulling back and looking into Dean's eyes.
Cas interrupts him with a sigh and then says,
"Thank you, Dean. Remember that next time you call me a nerd," Cas says and when Dean turns to look at him, he's looking at him with a small smile and a softness in his eyes.
He is aware of the flight attendant answering, but at that point, he's already half asleep.
be, apparently, we have a driver, so—"
Never let it be said that Cas isn't one for incredible ideas. Which is what Dean expresses in a nod and a pat on Cas's back. He can't help but make it softer than he intended, but he blames that on being tired.
The fact that Cas is willing to go on another trip with Dean after this, fills Dean with warmth and also hope that he isn't screwing this up too much. It even looks like Cas is actively enjoying his time on this vacation, even when they're just hanging out together.
It doesn't help that Cas is looking at him contemplatively, something sad in his eyes. He then clears his throat and looks to the floor. "Sure, Dean, we can do that."
"You're not so bad yourself," Cas says, and then drops down to suck at Dean's neck, while still working on their erections. Dean can only groan at that, and it's half because he feels so good but also because that's not at all what Cas was supposed to say.
He’s scrubbing the toilet when he sees a shadow fall over it and a “Dean?” comes from behind him. It startles him so much that he falls back and promptly hits his head against the sink, hard.
Channing doesn't see, still looking mostly past him.
Dean must admit that he stares a bit when the young man turns to the chef and greets him in what sounds like fluent French. The woman, meanwhile, turns to look at Dean, Cas, and Balthazar.
Dean turns around in a hurry, wiping a hand over his face, trying to hide his burning eyes and his probably flushed face. He exhales with a shudder and the pain in his chest is just growing, and he can’t even breathe in properly because what the hell did he just do, he just kissed his best friend, his roommate, who was probably still just standing there wondering—
Sam just sits there, head in his hands, with Eileen now laughing full-on and rubbing his back in mild consolation.
“Yeah, dude, I can try,” Dean says, and Cas hits him lightly on the shoulder. He then pulls at Dean’s shirt insistently until Dean gets the point and sits up to take off his shirt and his jeans too, while he’s at it.
", and hugged him tighter.
"Dean, what on earth are you talking about?"
Right then, they finally get through to the waiting room and Dean's eyes go wide, seeing the sea of people waiting for their loved ones, family members, or business acquaintances to come out. Or Romantic Trip Winners. Which is the category Dean and Cas fall into, unbeknownst to Cas.
Cas just looks at him, with wide eyes. He looks nervous for some reason.
"Hmm.”
Dean tears his gaze away and looks back at the TV, which is playing some infomercial about the dangers of old people in parks or something like that. It's an old lady rubbing her ankle in a park. It definitely distracts him and makes him feel like less of a creep for staring at Cas for more than three seconds.
Cas squints at him.
Yearning to be close to Cas, and realizing that for once it's kind of encouraged, Dean puts his arm around Cas and leans his forehead on his shoulder, and releases a breath, closing his eyes. He feels Cas tense underneath him, but then he also relaxes his shoulders and they sit there in silence for a bit.
A very odd threat, but Dean feels the energy and sincerity of the statement and he just manages to suppress a wince on Balthazar's behalf. The photographer and the pastry chef look at each other, sizing the other up. The moment is interrupted by Kevin.
As Cas promised, preparations were being made. After a bit of squabbling, Dean willingly accepts the over-the-counter stress-relief pills Cas got him for the trip.
"It says here we have a croissant-making class tomorrow. Sweet." Dean goes over the bed and slaps Cas's hip lightly to get him to scoot over. Dean smiles at the back of Cas's head while he does a very cute full-body shuffle and settles in next to him. "It's at one, so I guess we'll have a bit of free time in the morning. What do ya wanna do?"
He suddenly decides that there is absolutely no way he can handle Cas waking up now and moving away from him, so it's essential that he gets away first, no matter how incredibly comfortable their position is. His bladder is also still announcing its presence.
"They seem to think we're a couple," Cas says then, and there's something careful in the way he says it. There certainly isn't disgust in his voice, but it's still something that Dean can't quite interpret and he just hopes his best friend doesn't get too angry with him.
He gets to her apartment after texting Cas that he won't be there for dinner and knocks on the door. He hasn't seen Charlie in ages, so this visit is long overdue anyway.
“You know… you’re an academic. Almost a doctor and shit. And I’m just a mechanic with a G.E.D. and Charlie once called me a himbo. Still not exactly sure what that means, but―”
“What do you prefer. Darling? Honey?” Dean gets down to Cas’s level again, giving him a simple peck. Then his voice gets softer. “Sweetheart?”
There is a large
Kevin and Channing already claimed one of the tables, so that leaves Dean and Cas to the left, closer to the hanging pots and oven.
"—yes, Channing."
The trip’s now only a week away and Dean still hasn't told Cas about the romantic aspect. As far as Cas knows, Dean has everything planned and it's supposed to be a surprise what awaits them in Paris. Dean has taken to sweating profoundly every time he starts thinking about it, to the point where Bobby tells him off for working too hard and suggests seeing a doctor when Dean keeps dropping tools from being so distracted.
The bathroom is to the right, with a big bathtub in the middle, a shower to the side, and a toilet behind a small separation wall.
Dean sits for a while, sipping his coffee and content with his place, but then decides to get up to talk to Jean about more recipes. While getting up, he snatches Cas's pastry from his plate. Cas looks at him, betrayed.
"I used to do that with my Charles."
"Left, Cas, paddle left," Dean yells over the rush of water and they just manage not to topple over. Once they're in still waters, Cas turns around with a wild look on his face.
Not wanting to disappoint Cas, he changes as quickly as he can, brushes his teeth and then crawls into the bed, switching off the light on the way.
With the little flour-crisis mostly averted, Cas turns back to Dean, who slides him the scale and the big slab of butter.
Dean later sends the video to Charlie, who sends back a line of emojis and a ‘
"So what do I say?" He finally asks.
Cas stares at him, shocked, almost scared like he's trying to put stuff together. Then, surprisingly, he smiles, but his eyes are tight. "Yes, we are. I mean we finished the croissants before they did, so I can't think of a better teammate." He quickly grasps at Dean's shoulder, patting him a bit awkwardly, and then turns around to head back to the kitchen.
She must take his slightly panicked face as a sign of invaded privacy because she immediately adds,
When their tour comes to an end and they're given free time to walk around the gardens by themselves, Cas pulls him behind one of the tall hedges and looks around.
It’s beautiful. The gardens especially are mesmerizing, and as much as Dean admires this place, he can’t help but focus more on Cas’s heat beside him, and the way his eyes shine with curiosity when he asks the tour guide way too many questions during the tour.
Cas pulls his hand off, which Dean finds really unfair for a moment, but then Cas spits in his palm (which Dean doesn't grimace at all, nope) and takes them back in his hand, and the smoother glide makes everything even more intense than before and Dean needs to close his eyes for a moment to not lose it immediately.
While Dean gets a bag of frozen peas out of the freezer for his head (he honestly doesn’t remember how they even got in there, or who might have bought them in the first place… maybe Sam had something to do with it), Cas goes back to his room to change and emerges not a minute later in sweatpants and a worn t-shirt that Dean could have sworn was his at one point.
Cas is thankfully checking out the bathroom, so Dean quickly messes up the rose-petals, but it doesn't really help the look of the whole thing. There seems to be no escape, and it's time Dean faced this whole thing dead-on.
"Paris. What do you think of it?" Dean says again.
He's still just standing there when Cas comes around the corner.
“Is it the photos?”
They sit down again when the music eases into some more mellow songs. Cas goes to the bathroom and while he's gone, Dean swipes through the pictures, each making his heart pump harder in his chest, even though they're all slightly blurry. He sets one as his background picture immediately. He also sends one to Charlie and then puts his phone away, when Cas comes back with another cocktail for them to share.
Dean laughs lightly, hoping to diffuse the situation. Jody seems to be genuinely interested and nice, not just trying to make conversation.
Dean frowns at that.
When they leave the hotel to meet up with Balthazar, Dean keeps bumping Cas with his shoulder and grinning at him to the point where Cas tells him to knock it off because his shoulders still hurt from the kayaking yesterday. But to be honest, he doesn’t look any less happy, judging by the small smile that’s on his face since the morning.
Dean just watches the whole thing from the side, thinking if this is the funniest thing he has ever witnessed because he imagines the whole thing playing with a narrator going,
He lets out a shaky laugh.
Yeah no. Dean considers ditching the whole thing altogether at one point during that very stressful week full of pondering (to the point where Bobby has to yell at him a couple of times to get to work. Not that Bobby's yelling is very loud, it’s more of a gruff muttering). But then he thinks about the fact that he never really had nice things, and when will he ever have the opportunity to have such a fancy vacation ever again?
The only thing he can tell Sam during their call in the evening is that apparently the craftsmen behind Versailles’ Hall of Mirrors were assassinated for selling Venetian mirror-making secrets to the French. Which is pretty intense. He also might have googled it afterward because he needs to tell Sam
Dean starts stacking his plate with as much food as he can fit on it, while Cas looks for a table for both of them. When Dean finally finishes, his eyes on the sweeter things he's planning on having as "dessert" (is breakfast-dessert even a thing? It totally should be a thing, Dean decides), he finds Cas in a corner booth, nursing a second coffee.
Once this freaking plane ride is over.
"Nevertheless, it turned you into a very impressive and kind man who is definitely no less intelligent than me," Cas says with conviction.
What gets him going is Cas mumbling a very sad sounding, "Dean, come t' bed." When Dean goes to the bathroom to wash up and change instead of joining Cas immediately, he hears Cas let out a very distressed "
For the evening, they have their first fancy wine restaurant on the list. They actually have to wear suit jackets and white button-ups, and Dean feels incredibly out of place just looking at the restaurant from the outside.
Donna checks in for them in fluent French and Dean looks at Cas, who is staring at the hotel's entrance hall in wonder. Which is warranted, since the whole thing is like out of a period drama. Not that Dean watches those, but Marie Antoinette was kind of good. The entrance opens up into a big courtyard with a fountain in it, sprinkling over statues of wild horses.
"Want a beer?" Ah, dammit. Now it's gonna be weird if he says no.
"Shut up, we're in Europe. It's a European thing, okay?"
him. He doesn’t have to pretend to be a better version of himself, just so Cas doesn’t leave. That realization strikes him just as Cas shuffles a bit and burrows his head more into the crook of Dean’s neck and his heart flutters.
Dean's not even really watching the episode anymore (And it's a new one. With Doctor Sexy in it—though they brought back the side-plot about the failed arm amputation which resulted in a one-armed ghost haunting the hospital, so he’s excused for not being
The bathroom is surprisingly spacey and awesome. It has golden lighting and even a few packed up toothbrushes for passengers to use. The towels are in a box and after relieving himself (while being very aware the entire time that if the plane goes down he’s going to die with his dick out) he picks one of the towels up after washing his hands and notices with delight that they're warmed up and oh so soft. He washes his face and picks up another towel, just to feel it against his face. He probably looks like an idiot, standing there with a towel against his face, but he doesn't really care because nobody can see him and—
When Dean asks for more pills from Cas, his friend just shakes his head and tells him that it’s inadvisable to take more than two in the span of 12 hours. Seriously, what
"Sorry Dean, can you please hand me the butter?" he carefully asks, voice a bit louder than necessary.
"Is the great Dean Winchester defeated?"
He's frowning at the lightbulb, when the light source of the room suddenly blocks out.
Dean then grins at Cas and hits him in the chest. “Dude, c’mon, go in. Age before beauty and all that.”
"So, Cas," Dean finally says, clearing his throat right after. He has no idea why he's so nervous. It's his best friend, after all. "You excited about the Paris trip?"
During one of the breaks, they're allowed to have one pastry each and a coffee. They decide to drink it in the empty cafe around one of the round tables, so that they can enjoy the cafe atmosphere. Jean even puts on some old French music.
"Excuse-moi, monsieur," the young man says to the chef, and looks to her. "Yes, we're at the right place."
Cas just cups the back of Dean’s head and pulls him down and kisses him pointedly and Dean mumbles an “okay, mhm, you’re cool with it” into the kiss.
a Very Bad Idea.
“Hello.”
Maybe Cas wouldn't mind having an uneducated hick like Dean with him after all.
Donna just laughs when Balthazar winks at her, apparently used to his overly flirty behaviors. Jody whispers something in her ear and lightly kisses her on the cheek, which makes Donna blush but also smile bashfully. Their easy display of affection makes Dean feel all warm inside.
To be honest, Dean is missing home a lot at this point as well. It's been a long time since he last spent so much time away from his friends and Bobby and it makes him realize just how much of his own family he has built back at home. And now Cas has become an even more solid foundation in that family.
"Why is my life like this?"
Next thing he knows, Cas is nudging him awake.
He pulls Cas closer to him and falls asleep with a smile on his face.
At the same time, Balthazar curses something like, "Oh, for fuck's sake!"
Dean is sweating. He knows all of this. He looks at Charlie.
Cas groans and Dean can hear him flopping back onto the bed. "Just―go and come back with coffee," Cas says, voice slightly muffled, probably from a pillow. "Please," he adds.
You can also find me
“But?”
"Thank you. But also, I'm really tired, so what do you say we take a nap and maybe discuss this tomorrow?”
Dean walks back to the desk and picks up his own coffee to take a sip.
It takes a minute, but Cas finally emerges out of his study, which is now a fully functioning office now that he moved his sleeping into Dean’s bedroom. Or now their bedroom. He pats over in socked feet and pecks Dean on the lips as a greeting. Dean will probably never get tired of this. But then he remembers what he’s holding in his hands.
Cas, who hasn’t stuffed his face full of baguette yet, smiles. “Well, there is some really good bread at Whole Foods. You just refuse to eat that, so…”
It's a bit odd, wearing boots with short shorts, but he'll manage.
It takes one look at Cas with his closed eyes and hair that is all over the place, which can now be honorably called sex hair, for Dean to come. It’s a bit embarrassing that it’s that sight and the knowledge that this is Cas, his best friend who he’s been pining over for the last two or so years, that does it—but nobody has to know that. The warmth that spreads in his chest makes his eyes prickle and the feeling gets so overwhelming that it all just… implodes. Pleasure erupts from within him, making his toes curl and his fingers dig into Cas's shoulder and back, probably marking him up. Cas isn't far behind, spilling over Dean's stomach with a groan and promptly collapsing half on top of Dean.
"Cas, look," Dean says, and proudly showcases his filled-up plate.
They stop at a group of old men playing a ball game in the sand of a park. They're all wearing suspenders and hats, some of them even smoking pipes.
They end up watching a crappy documentary about possible alien-sightings. Nothing either of them enjoy, but it's the kind of stuff that's on in the middle of the night. They're both too lazy to actually look something up on Netflix.
He's not sure if it's him or Cas who is screaming, maybe both of them, but he definitely lets out a not-so-flattering sound when his flailing starts to dip the boat dangerously.
Donna sees them and immediately stands up, the smile on her face inviting and sunny.
Just before Dean can have a complete mental breakdown, he feels a gentle hand on his shoulder. He hadn't even realised that he closed his eyes a while ago, and he opens them to see a concerned Cas.
Dean pretends not to notice at first but then relents.
those pills?
“Whole Foods is for jerks,” Dean just says, and takes another big bite out of his sandwich.
Dean flushes and glances back in the mirror. Everything seems to be fine, and he gives himself finger guns and facepalms right after.
"Oh thank you, gods," she says, and promptly sits down on one of the chairs that's in front of the bakery.
"Thanks, mom," Dean murmurs. Cas still hears him and rolls his eyes and starts eating his own bar, so Dean follows suit.
Kissing Cas is exhilarating. The softness of his lips is addicting and every time he feels the drag of stubble against his own, it sends shivers down his spine.
"I was eating that!"
Afterwards, he gets his and Cas's luggage and brings it out into the Impala. The elevator in their apartment building is still broken, but thankfully they live on the second floor, so it's not too much of a pain. It doesn't stop him from complaining about it to Cas though, once they’re both piled in the car, ready to go 15 minutes later.
“How should we do the bed thing?”
Next thing he knows, he's surrounded by really cold water, gasping for air after being dunked under.
Okay, no panic. And the words actually really hit Dean, because they’re so true. And the sincerity is clear in Cas’s voice. Donna and Jody are clearly touched too, and they both hug Dean and Cas for a long time. Donna even gives Dean her private number and tells them to keep in touch.
This is nothing like that school trip. For one, Dean is now an adult with a healthy appreciation for history and culture, and an attention span that lasts longer than two minutes; another thing that helps is that he’s with Cas. While walking around the museum, they start pretending to be high-end art-critics, traveling from their world-renowned art gallery on a mission to add another terrible piece of art to their ever-growing collection.
"I have our croissants here. All six of them. And oh—" Cas starts rustling around in the paper bag. "Here are some recipes from Jean. He told me you asked for them. They are for three different types of pastries. He tried explaining it to me, but to be frank I had no idea what he was talking about, so I asked him to write it down.
“Oh.” Cas lets out a relieved little laugh. “I’m glad I didn’t accidentally set the whole restaurant on fire. Thank you.”
“Holy shit, indeed,” Dean says.
"Oooh," she says.
After cleaning him up, he goes back to snuggle in with him, and Cas turns them so Dean is flat on his back, and Cas is curled around his side again. He shuffles a bit closer, pressing his face into Dean’s neck and leaving a small kiss there, which makes Dean feel all kinds of giddy, which is odd after the things they
The pastry chef, meanwhile, has started by arranging his ingredients. He claps his hands together in a
Kevin looks at the remaining group of people and clears his throat, clearly embarrassed by being at the center of attention. "You'll have to excuse us, we've been walking for about 3 hours now. We wanted to be early but got lost. I'm Kevin and this is my girlfriend—" he gestures at the young woman, who is slumped in the chair and gives a half-hearted wave. "—Channing."
The thing about this afternoon in particular is, it’s so easy. Being with Cas is so natural Dean doesn’t even have to think extra hard about every move and it exhilarates Dean as much as it terrifies him.
The food is nice and the atmosphere cozy. Jody and Donna are constantly refilling Dean's and each other's wine glasses (Cas declined politely after having one glass) and they have a good time. Dean even tries to help Donna with the dishes once they're done, but she very warmly tells him to sit his butt on the couch next to his boy or she’ll flick some dirty dishwater at him, and that’s enough of a threat that Dean sits on the couch with Jody and Donna.
Cas looks at him. "Yes Dean, of course. What's wrong?"
And then Benny and Victor get into a deep conversation that Dean mostly blocks out, because what the fuck.
Cas, who hasn't spent much time in the kitchen, eyes them carefully and slides to the further side of the table, putting Dean between himself and the danger. Dean barely suppresses a laugh.
They paddle a bit longer, mostly in silence and enjoying the view. Dean is almost sad he didn't bring his phone to take his own pictures of the environment, and also Cas who looks amazing and relaxed in the sunlight. But then he remembers their almost incident in the rapids earlier, and he glances at Balthazar who is resting his camera on his lap and talking to the instructor behind him. Lucky bastard doesn't have to do any of the hard labor. Dean can already feel his arms aching.
Not knowing what to do with his hands now, Dean just stands there until he gets ushered inside by Donna who winks at him and tells him to "get used to it, hon".
"This isn't weird, right? I mean. It's just like a sleepover, right?" Dean whispers.
Before Dean can come up with a response, he hears a strangled "Dean" and when he turns around, he does actually see Cas who is now hefting the weight of the kayak by himself in the front—and Dean hurries to help him carry it down the dune towards the water, but not before glaring at Balthazar.
Afterward, when they lay there, ready for sleep to take them, arms coiled around each other, Cas makes another noise. Or mumbles something.
"—what?"
Cas sighs and the hand that’s still on his shoulder slides down to his hand, grasping it softly, thumb stroking across Dean’s knuckles. He then tugs at it, and leads Dean, who is now staring at the back of Cas’ head, still dazed, out of the bathroom.
"Now you go!" he exclaims cheerfully.
Dean doesn't know if Cas didn't hear him because he mumbled it into his shoulder, or if he's just too invested in the show. He lifts his head, the room spinning a tiny bit from the sudden movement.
After Dean's stomach stops trying to stab him every time he moves, he gets up with an over-exaggerated groan that Cas doesn't even react to and goes to check the itinerary.
"What the—?"
The two question marks were warranted. All Dean wrote was, “Cas, I fucked up.”
Cas squints at him.
"Yeah, that's what she meant," Dean says, almost to himself and follows Cas. When they return he sees Channing, who winks at him. Dean quickly looks away. Suddenly his good mood is over.
She enthusiastically shakes Dean's hand and then turns to Cas.
"I'm having an amazing time here." The fact that Cas's tone of voice is so sincere, and that he's wearing that very small smile that shines mostly through his eyes, kind of undoes Dean a little, and he has to swallow.
"Oh my god, Cas, I was joking. They can obviously see that you're way out of my league," Dean laughs.
He's surprised to find that the travel agency also arranged a private driver for them, who will be there for them any time they need. All of this was much more exclusive than he’d ever been thinking it would be. Most of the time he’s just been wondering what the catch in all of this is, and then he remembers the whole Cas debacle and decides that it's not worth thinking about more complicated issues.
This Dean hadn't really taken into account, and he eyes the two pastries he took with sorrow. His stomach is pretty full, but he also feels so bad. Is it weird that he feels sorry for a pastry?
Dean stuffs some scrambled eggs in his mouth, slightly embarrassed that he had thought Cas was serious.
"I was just teasing, Dean, I'm getting my own food. Enjoy your—I don't even want to call this breakfast. King's meal?"
This is not at all like a new school. This was a completely different class of
Dean subconsciously licks his lips, looking down on the floor. He can't face Cas. Can't face the possible pity that's in his expression. He nods his head a bit and shrugs his shoulders. Every movement seems too large, too complicated right now.
"Yeah, Cas, I've noticed that too." Dean sits down on the bed, and holy shit that's an amazing mattress, he probably won't be able to stand up again. "Listen, Cas, I gotta tell you something."
"No. I kept waking up thinking that my alarm went off when it didn't," Cas says. He sighs and leans against the kitchen counter to wait for his tea. The problem with that is, this way Dean gets an amazing view of his chest and biceps which bulge as Cas crosses his arms.
He notices the pillow he'd been resting his head on and the blanket around him and smiles. Cas is really out there, taking care of him.
'paddle left', Dean...
Dean lets out a pained noise and dramatically pushes his head into the couch's cushions.
"Mildred is 70 and probably fitter than you Dean," Cas says, face already pressed into the pillow he brought with him into the car.
“Well, you don’t need to sound so bummed about it. Wait, why
Balthazar joins them again but has a separate table set up, close enough to theirs so he can still get pictures.
They get up just in time to see the Eiffel Tower sparkle. Looking at it, Dean can't stop the stupid thought that it reflects the sparkle inside his heart, as he holds Cas tightly.
“Also, those shorts earlier… I wasn’t kidding when I said that you should wear them more often,” Cas says between breaths. “You look really, really good in them.”
He closes his eyes for a second and breaths in Cas's presence and tries not to grin too much because that would be embarrassing.
“Please don’t call me ‘dude’ while we’re doing this?”
The relaxed atmosphere slowly starts to dip into a nervous tension, as Dean starts to think about the conversation he wants to—well,
Cas manages to interrupt Dean with a full-body eye roll and a dramatic sigh. Which is probably deserved.
“I am tired of people. No offense.”
When he goes in, Cas is still in bed—in a different position this time, which is in the middle of the bed, sheets tangled in some inconceivable way around him and arms splayed out. Dean sets his coffee down and silently goes to the bed with Cas's coffee still in his hand. He then holds it close to his face, hoping that the coffee fumes will wake Cas up. And they do. Cas's eyes twitch and then, slowly, one eye opens.
“Dean!” says the voice again, and it’s Cas. Of course, it’s Cas.
Before Dean can protest, they're approached by what looks like the instructors. Balthazar is walking with them. How that man gets to places will forever be a complete mystery, Dean thinks. For all Dean knows, he just teleports.
Dean's breath hitches. He gives a tiny nod, dazed.
"—can't breathe."
They start walking towards the exit of the hotel, Dean walking right behind Cas, who started having a conversation with Donna.
"Shut up."
So much has been happening that he hasn't even had time to fully digest it, to really take it in. He looks over at Cas again and lets his thoughts wander.
He also hadn’t really cooked much, since it was never fun to cook for only one person. Plus there was no way of smuggling in some veggies and pretending that it was only for Cas’s benefit. The dude couldn’t even warm up hot dogs without burning himself, which is why his diet had consisted of mostly microwavable hot pockets before he met Dean.
That's why, when the main course arrives, and with it the wine, in a fancy cooler, he smiles at Cas and gently clinks their glasses together.
While Dean's thoughts race a mile per minute, Cas is still on the ground, and at that point, Balthazar has come up to help Cas up—but before he can do that, Dean drops to the ground next to Cas and takes his face in both of his hands.
Cas looks at him and it almost looks fond. "Don't worry. We'll have plenty of time to prepare. Besides, there are movies on the plane and I have downloaded some podcasts about the history of LARPing which we can listen to together. And I'll be there to hold your hand."
The shorts are a bit tight, since it’s been a good while since he wore them last, but at least they’re dry and warm and Dean slumps back into the seat. He quickly changes his t-shirt as well, but leaves the towel in his lap to save his dignity, just in case Cas decides to look over.
They squabble more about what kind of bread is acceptable. It's an argument Dean wins easily because a) he does most of the grocery shopping currently because he is the one who cooks and b) he has a lot of data from the time he was on the road a lot as a kid and went through many different diners.
Cas is already dressed and ready.
"Channing said to go check up on you? Is everything okay?"
That makes Cas look at him sharply and then frown.
"The way I see it—you probably already know that you wanna take Cas with you, you just want me to say it so you can pretend it was my idea?”
Dean frowns, taking in a breath to say something.
Hannah just smiles at him and then he hugs them too, because what the hell, he’s going to miss them too.
Cas rolls off him with a dramatic grunt, eyes closed, but immediately curls against Dean's side and pulls him in, so Dean can't even get up to get a washcloth. Which, as much as he lov- is infatuated by Cas, he just can’t do.
"Dean?"
They get a little bit of time off after the museum, exploring the streets around the area. Balthazar left them for his own break, so Dean and Cas wander around, almost aimlessly.
The tender moment is interrupted by a loud French curse and Dean rips his hand away from Cas's face. He looks to the source of the sound and sees Balthazar sheepishly moving down from a countertop, from which he had been apparently taking pictures.
“Do you want to explain why you were so focused on cleaning our toilet that you didn’t even hear me walk in?”
Before Dean can get out the whole question, Cas pulls him in and starts kissing him. Dean is too stunned to react at first, but starts kissing back once he gets with the program.
"Dean... what—?"
Cas gingerly sits down next to him, on the bed, at a safe distance. He’s obviously surprised at the softness of the mattress and duvet, losing balance for a moment, and the startled look on his face makes Dean let out a small laugh. Cas glares at him.
“Yeah?”
"No, I'm serious, you should wear them more often," Cas says, smiling a bit too much, and then opens his car seat to get out before Dean can respond, leaving him with a burning face.
The interview with Jody and Donna is over dinner in their apartment. Jody had called Dean to ask if they wanted to go out to a nice restaurant instead, and Dean declined politely, telling her that they both preferred a more private setting.
Hannah finally gets into the car and they start their journey. About 20 minutes into it, Dean finally relaxes enough to start a conversation with Hannah, who tells them about being French but having family in the US, which explains their almost flawless English. Cas seems particularly interested in that and asks a few very specific questions about Hannah's "language journey". Dean can almost see Cas writing down notes in his head.
"Dean, there's only one bed," Cas says, coming out of the bathroom.
Cas pulls off and suddenly looks weirdly shy.
Charlie looks at him. Her eyes widen.
Waking up, Dean feels that contentment through his whole body and it makes him smile even  before opening his eyes.
“Dude, we have like… our own paparazzi,” Dean says.
"Sure!" Stupid mouth, stupid brain, stupid Cas and his stupid sexy voice asking if he wants a beer. As if he can say no to anything to a voice like that. Really, it's all Cas's fault.
This was like being back in school—but this time with some skills under his belt, and Dean is so ready.
Dean laughs nervously. "Oh, nothing really, just thinkin' about the flight. Not a big fan of planes, you know that."
This is drowned out, however, by another couple arriving. He can hear they're American since they're still talking to each other when arriving. Well, more like arguing loudly about directions, which gets promptly cut off when the girl pointedly points to the sign above their heads and the guy flusters and stops fumbling around with his phone, which Dean can see still shows Google Maps. They're a pretty young couple, Asian-American from what he can tell (even though he wouldn't want to assume anything, he's learnt a lesson or two from a few experiences).
"... point taken."
He turns around, away from the mirror, partly to put the lightbulb on the shelf, partly to create a bit of space between him and Cas. But Cas stays right where he is. It's so close, that Dean can see every single eyelash and also the way Cas's eyes dart across Dean's face, lingering oddly long on Dean's lips, which he subconsciously licks— which is a movement Cas then follows.
Now, he gathers up the mail as usual. He looks through it while he kicks the door shut behind him. Then he stops in his tracks and he can’t help but smile.
“Alrighty, who’s ready for that interview,” Donna says, sitting down next to Jody with a notebook on her lap. She also fishes out a recording device from the pocket of her dress and puts it on the table.
somewhere next to his head.
in their name.
He doesn't even notice when Cas starts talking to him, focusing too much on trying to breathe normally, until he sees his roommate's face right in front of his, big blue eyes looking at him, wide with concern. There's also a hand on his shoulder, squeezing and grounding him. Thankfully there aren't too many people around, given that it's 2:30 in the morning, so they're not holding up a line.
“Sorry, sweetheart, I gotta get up real quick.” He can see Cas frown at that. “I’ll be back fast, I promise.”
"Oh, so you wanted to go with Lisa? To reconcile? Dean, I'm so sorry—I apologize for pushing myself onto you. I'm sure this would have been a great trip if she—"
"It's only 3 and they're light reading material—what would you have done without your booty shorts?" Cas asks, making Dean gasp and turn red. He didn't even think Cas had noticed him packing those.
It's a bit awkward when they have to wait for the elevators a bit longer than expected, and Dean keeps checking if the receptionist is still watching them. Cas is almost completely red at this point from trying to suppress his laughter to seem more serious.
It's all very much not how Dean envisioned any of this.
"I wanna take a nap." They're at the gate now, and it's about half an hour before boarding starts.
“No, I mean—should I—should we do the head to feet sleeping position? So, you know. It’s less weird?”
"Yeah... uh..."
“Dude, seriously?” Dean say, just as Cas exclaims,
Cas chuckles and goes on to actually read his book, the
Before he can tie his own apron, he feels Cas's fingers taking the cloth from him his hands and tying it for him. He then turns Dean around by his shoulders. "Can you tie mine?"
“Dean.”
Their appetizers get served almost immediately after sitting down and Dean wants to hold the waiter back, telling him that they didn't order it, but Cas holds down his arm before he can do so.
"Heya! Are you Dean Winchester?" she asks and gestures them closer. "I'm Donna Hanscum, your travel coordinator, we spoke on the phone."
“You know how to bake pies?”
Before his thought gets too sappy, Dean focuses on the road again and they finally arrive at the airport about 3 hours before boarding time.
“Are you alright?”
Dean was only slightly dramatic over giving up their dough, and Cas tries to console him with remarking how the new pastry was not looking as perfectly squared as theirs.
In the meantime, Dean can silently hear the shutter going off in the background and he can’t help but let out an embarrassed chuckle.
Dean gives her an incredulous look.
, if you want to scream at me. Or just have a friendly conversation.
Dean looks up again and tries to look intimidating.
"Not that I didn't enjoy this meal and the atmosphere and the candles—all of it really, but—" Dean starts sweating. Now Cas is going to say what he really thinks. That all of this is wrong, that it's weird that Dean went with him to such a fancy place, that he ate the food with the wrong cutlery and it was atrocious, and— “What do you think about maybe getting some street food after this? I really need something fatty."
They leave while mumbling half-awake goodbyes.
Cas lets out a little breath of a laugh and then hums, pleased. “Well, I like it.”
Cas's voice gets even lower. "Okay. I am going to move my paddle slowly, and move us away. You stay completely still, okay?"
There is no way he would admit it out loud to anyone, let alone Cas, but he really missed his roommate over the ten days he was gone.
“As in, I have liked you in a romantic way for almost as long as we have been roommates and I can’t imagine ever feeling differently about you.”
"Nah man, you don't owe me anything. You do enough. Just being there for me is enough." Dean blushes and wants to take it back, but it's also nice to say what he means for once, although it hurts to know that Cas will never see him as more than a friend.
Oh and there it goes.
Jody smiles at him knowingly, and Dean feels bad about lying to her.
"Ah, so you were thinking about how they would believe how you ended up with my sexy ass?" Dean grins.
Dean snorts at that and when he looks at Cas it's worth seeing his concerned face change into a soft smile.
At one point, a baking-related question comes up, and Benny starts going off about the different types of pie crusts.
He glances up for a moment, hoping that the next time he looks, the shorts will have magically morphed into normal pants. He looks down and no, there they are, taunting him. He briefly considers just keeping his wet swim shorts on, but then he thinks about the nice hotel and the way they would drip all over the carpet. Not to mention how uncomfortable this whole ride will be if he keeps them on.
Before Cas wakes up, Dean texts back and forth with Charlie, who answered his pictures from last night with a few texts that were a mix of emojis and scrambled letters.
Cas smiles back gently.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas says, like always. When he turns around, they are suddenly nose to nose. Dean hadn’t even noticed that he stepped so close to Cas, and now he can smell Cas's faint cologne and the distinct Cas smell that Dean can only describe as somehow stormy.
He distantly hears Cas talk to the flight attendant.
It's not just because Cas has a hangover— honestly, it's not even that bad— but also the fact that they are both pretty exhausted. The last day is free on the itinerary as well, except for a visit to the Eiffel Tower at sunset, followed by an interview with Donna and Jody about their experience. So they have a nice sleep-in, with Dean bringing things up from breakfast for Cas, who sleeps until around 11:30.
"Yeah, just... needed some fresh air."
"Good."
Dean must admit, the food isn't too bad. It's definitely unusual in taste and he doesn't really know how to eat one of the vegetables, so he just leaves it, but overall it's okay, though nowhere near as fulfilling as a good burger.
“Absolutely. The past week has been incredible, and we are immensely grateful that we were chosen to win such a prize. Dean and I had a very nice time here.” Dean squeezes Cas’s hand at that.
That just makes Cas laugh harder, and Dean stands up with a playful huff but smiles as soon as he turns his back on Cas. It's really good to hear him laugh.
Dean doesn't need to change, since he hadn't planned on sleeping and already changed during the evening, but decides to brush his teeth again to get rid of the odd after-nap taste in his mouth.
In the end, it’s like riding a bike. Cas definitely enjoys it, judging by the sounds Dean gets out of him and the way his thighs quiver under Dean’s hands. Halfway through, he tugs on Dean’s hair again, which makes Dean hum around Cas’s dick which in turn makes Cas’s breath hitch—but then he tugs again, more insistently, and Dean looks up, pulling off.
and turns around. He can feel the heat in his cheeks and he squeezes his eyes shut and holds his breath to prevent himself from saying something really stupid.
Dean chuckles and stands up to walk out. "You'd really starve if I weren't here to feed you, wouldn't you?"
Before the older man hands them their life vest with a stern warning to not take them off, he turns to his son and exchanges some quick French with him. The younger one nods and translates. "Just a reminder not to get too close to the swans. They are, err, how do you say in English... territorial creatures."
"Long time then," Jody says, with a nod. "Me and Donna have been together for about six years. Would have been longer if we had gotten our heads out of our asses sooner." Jody chuckles, probably remembering those times. She looks fondly at Donna, who is still in deep conversation with Cas, who Dean looks at. They both don't notice their respective partners gazing at them.
The elevator tings and they step out together, already seeing Donna and Jody sitting on one of the couches around a coffee table in the lobby. Sitting with them is a man, laughing loudly with a champagne glass in his hand. He's wearing a white V-neck with a suit jacket over it.
It’s not like the apartment they share is really big, but Dean is so used to always hearing another person moving around, and being greeted by another person when he gets back from work, that it felt weird not having that. So he spent most of the time in his room, where he could pretend that Cas was outside on their couch and Dean was just choosing not to spend time with him.
Cas scratches at his scruff.
“It was just—a TV ad I saw while I was with some other friends. We thought it might be a good idea to sign up? I never thought I’d…
They pay the bill with the money Donna gave them, leaving a generous tip.
Dean just hums in agreement.
Dean just blinks at him.
"My Queen," Dean says, bowing a bit while holding out the donuts as a kind of offering.
So Dean knows his stuff. It's easy to recognise problems in a car and decide their level of urgency.
"I mean, do we tip Hannah? How does this even work? I feel like royalty, it feels wrong."
Deans sends an incredulous but also questioning look Cas's way.
would actually win.”
"Dean, swim!"
Opening the door, he's faced with Cas. "You've been in there for about 10 minutes."
He feels Cas take his hand and he flinches, face getting hotter, but then he remembers that Balthazar is right there, taking pictures, and Cas probably just wanted to give him some material to work with. It doesn't change the fact that the squeeze Cas gives him is reassuring and just for him.
It makes him look at Cas, who is carefully reading through the presented paper. He imagines leaning over and kissing his cheek—just because. It makes his heart flutter and he shifts closer to Cas in the pretence of reaching for the pens.
Dean raises a hand for a high-five.
feel the urge to hold hands with him, to kiss him just because.
"Please put on your aprons," the chef says. He has quite a thick French accent, but it makes the whole experience just that much better.
"This is weird, right? Tell me I'm not the only one who finds this weird, Cas?" Dean asks Cas, who's still trying to buckle his seatbelt. Hanna still hasn't entered the car, probably paying the parking ticket.
So he sighs and looks at the pages behind- the itinerary for the whole trip.
"What if we just… don't say anything," Dean says tentatively.
Dean lets Cas rest for a few seconds but then nudges his shoulder.
So they walk out and Dean must admit that it's a beautiful walk. The streets surprisingly aren't too busy and the sun is shining. Cas is looking at him, smiling.
When he finally gets back in—kayak rocking wildly, gasping and still kind of coughing water out of his lungs—Cas cradles his face again, eyes wide and concerned.
There's a knock on the door. Then he hears Cas's voice. "Dean? Is everything alright?"
at the end, quietly, hoping that that isn't a dealbreaker. Cas would probably like to go to Paris with someone educated, someone he could talk with about the culture and people of Paris. Suddenly Dean feels very stupid for asking Cas.
"Yeah, uh, the same thing happened to me and Cas. We were roommates for a long time before—" Dean makes a notion with his hand, trying to express what he means by not saying it explicitly "—you know."
The smell also slowly wafts into all of their noses and although Dean literally just had lunch, the delicious scent of freshly baked goods makes his mouth water.
They get to their room, and Cas immediately collapses onto the bed, without even taking off his shoes. Dean looks at him for a moment and goes to grab him a glass of tap water that he forces Cas to drink, while Dean takes off the shoes for him. Cas just hums a thank-you and half-heartedly starts tugging at his clothes in an attempt to take them off.
“This whole time? Wait, are you saying you thought me and Cas were—how long, Sam?”
"And you must be Dean's partner. Castiel?"
"Then Cas doesn't come with you," Charlie says.
Well. That’s settled, then.
“... and that’s how we finally got together.”
After a while, they assume their natural position of Deans feet in Cas's lap. Cas distractedly massages Dean's feet, which feels incredible and so comfortable that he starts dozing off.
the glasses, but sometimes Dean is just weak.
Dean grumbles but can't really argue. While Dean has a lot of upper-body strength from working at the auto-shop, he's not really one for cardio and Mildred often passes him and greets him with a friendly (sometimes flirtatious)
This is where Dean really starts getting nervous. He had managed to distract himself from thinking too much about the flight, but now that they're at the airport, a big lump in his chest starts to form and makes it a little harder to breathe with every minute that passes standing in the check-in line.
It’s still weird to say it, but he can't deny that he wasn't practicing the sentence in his head the entire time Kevin was talking. Saying it out loud still feels a bit shaky though.
The bored voice comes from the table next to them, from Balthazar, who goes back to his own appetizer and wine—how did he even get that so quickly?
Cas just chuckles against his neck and pulls back slightly, looking at the hickey that has now formed there with some strange satisfaction that makes Dean feel warm inside. Cas then looks him in the eyes again and squeezes their dicks together in a way that is just on the side of pleasurable.
The pills are still in his hand and he eyes them with suspicion after finishing his bar. Cas said they're over-the-counter calming meds, but it's Cas and Cas has odd contacts. But he also trusts him, so after looking at Cas, who nods at him encouragingly, he swallows them down.
Before he knows it, the swan is wildly flapping its ridiculously large wings and squawking and hissing in their face and honestly, in Dean's opinion, he feels that it's very justified that he... panics.
Jo leaves the kitchen and nudges the other guys awake to get them out of his apartment. Dean paces around the kitchen with his phone pressed to his lips while they help themselves to a few pieces of bacon.
“That’s not fair, it’s not my fault you had a conference call with all of Japan,” Dean says. “And I missed your stupid face anyway. But we were just being idiots and watching some Jeopardy knock-off so you didn’t miss much.”
Hell breaks loose. Cas and Channing both reach for the flour at the same time, knocking it over and coating them both, but mostly Channing in the fine white powder. While Cas starts apologizing profusely, Dean manages to actually grab the flour and quickly spreads it across their work surface, and uses the measuring cup to pour out the amount they need for their croissants. He then puts it in the big bowl.
It looks like Cas wants to say something, but at this point he’s also really good at reading Dean, and he probably picked up on how distressed he sounded. He studies Dean's face and obviously makes the decision that whatever it is, Dean will tell him if it's important.
"I mean it's been what. Two months? I've already told Frank to fix it about it three times. And what about Mildred? She's not getting any younger, you know? She needs that elevator."
"No, I'm sorry, Dean," Channing says. Before Dean can move on while wondering about why her tone was so genuine, because bumping into someone in a hallway isn’t really that big of a deal, Channing gently takes a hold of his elbow for a moment to make him stay.
invite Cas to
Cas's eyes go wide.
With that, Channing leaves Dean leaning against the wall.
Suddenly there's a softness between the hard window and his face, a hand strokes over his temple with the material—lingering a bit longer than would be normal, but maybe Dean imagines that. Then a warm blanket gets draped over his awkwardly-positioned body. Large, warm hands tuck it over him so that it doesn't slip away. It feels like he's being tucked in and a warm feeling of contentment spreads through him.
"Let's just hope there's no more swans around, because not gonna lie, I think I had a near-death experience."
It lasts only a minute or so before Cas apparently notices that he's doing all the work and moves his arm back to pat Dean's calf that's now resting on the edge of the boat. Dean cranks open his eyes a bit and sees Cas turning his head around to look at him, probably to tell him off for slacking off, but his expression suddenly changes from mildly accusatory to very alarmed, and looking slightly off over Dean's right shoulder.
He sits up and looks to his left, where Cas is who is looking at him with a very odd expression on his face. He feels a breeze around his legs, probably the AC, and looks down to see the towel has slipped mostly off his legs, revealing... a lot. He straightens it out again and glares at Cas.
"It's okay, Cas. I'm coming in a minute."
They take up their usual positions: Dean sideways on the couch, feet stretched out, and Cas sitting cross-legged on top of Dean’s feet in protest, until he relents and lets Dean put his feet in his lap. This time it takes less than 10 seconds for Cas to huff and drag Dean’s feet from underneath him onto his lap, mindful of the coffee cup in his other hand. Cas doesn’t even complain when Dean wiggles his toes into his belly in victory.
Cas brings them back some sandwiches, and since they didn’t really have a lunch, Dean is ravenous, and they’re really really good.
They row back in silence, Dean not helping very much because he's too weak from swimming for his life (or, as Balthazar points out, too busy pouting into his life-vest).
"So, when I won, I kind of thought of you because, well... you always wanted to travel to Europe and you work so hard all the time, you really deserve something nice," Dean says. He can't really look at Cas. "The fact that it's a romantic trip—I mean, I didn't even really process that." Bullshit. "I just thought of having a nice trip with you, my best friend. We talked about that, right? Having a road trip one day? I mean, I guess this isn't a road trip, really, I mean it
"Ah, that's where you went," Cas says, eyes still more closed than open, sipping on his coffee.
He did try to talk to Sam about it, but all Sam said was: “Yes, of course you take Cas, what kind of question even is that?”, which is an answer he didn’t expect and honestly he was too baffled at the time by Sam’s tone of certainty to really discuss the issue. So he quickly moved the conversation to Sam’s studies.
Sprawled out on the couch, Charlie lets out a little burp and after Dean laughs at her, she looks at him for a moment, as if contemplating something.
The sound of the motor shutting off wakes Dean up from his half-nap and he takes a second to orientate himself.
"Yeah?" Dean’s voice cracks on that one word and he clears his throat.
Dean touches the sheets and it might be the softest thing he's ever touched in his life. He turns red when he sees rose-petals on the bed, spelling out:
"Shut up."
He whips off the towel, takes his bag and opens up the car door. Cas is standing there, talking to Hannah while waiting for him.
"I have never been, but of course it's always been a dream. Did you know that in French they say ‘en faire tout un fromage’ which is a saying about making a big deal out of something but literally translates to ‘to make cheese out of it’? There’s also a saying involving beans that I don’t quite remember. Generally, a lot of french idioms involve food. I learned that at the conference from a French Professor, actually. He came to Denver from a Parisian University," Cas says, obviously pleased to talk about it. "I would love to go to one of his lectures there... although my French is quite rusty. Why are you asking about Paris?"
,” Cas says, smiling, while Balthazar lets out an offended “Hey!” and some mutters about being much more respectable than a paparazzo.
Cas is now full-on laughing quietly and Dean just glares at him, but it doesn't last long because looking at Cas’s face does things to Dean that are too embarrassing to think about and he can feel his face soften. Cas stands up, still laughing in that quiet Cas way.
“You seriously didn’t know?” Dean asks carefully.
Instead, Cas holds up a paper bag.
Dean frowns down at his phone when he realizes he has three texts from an unknown number.
“But I wasn’t there, so it doesn’t count.”
He can feel Cas’s breath against his collarbone, and his ribs vibrating under his fingertips when he speaks again, a bit clearer. “You know, I imagined this? Sometimes?”
“I know nothing, Dean. I’m a dumbass. There we go, no more shots for me, what a pity,” Garth loudly declares. And hearing is apparently also a thing he knows nothing about, because he seems not to notice when Dean points out that out of all of them, Garth is the only one with a college degree.
“We should call the reception desk.”
Dean can't help the noise that comes out when Cas pulls back to catch a breath and starts kissing along Dean's jawline and placing a kiss just below Dean's ear where he's most sensitive, making Dean gasp a little.
"What, there's no more space on this seat."
Cas looks up at that, eyes wide, but there’s also something else in his eyes, that makes them shine. Something like happiness, like something has clicked inside of Cas that makes him understand that Dean is
Cas hadn’t kissed back. Cas didn’t kiss him back and now he’s the idiot that misinterpreted the personal space issue, and he can’t leave because Cas is still standing in the way.
Dean has called him crazy for that many times, to no avail. Cas just says that the naps afterwards are divine and that he likes jogging when nature is waking up and nobody else is around.
“Mhmm. Even when we were back at home. Sometimes when you were in the kitchen, making dinner for us. I’d just—” Cas shuffles a bit, presses his face more into Dean’s neck. Dean strokes his fingers along Cas’s spine.
So he signs up. Everybody cheers, and that is that. No harm done. They go back to drinking.
He suddenly hears a camera shutter go off very close to his head and he turns and sees Balthazar. While it was quite awkward in the beginning, Balthazar had really done an incredible job with keeping in the background and blending into the crowd, so Dean actually forgot all about him. Which is impressive for a man with seemingly such a huge ego.
, that he ends it to find somebody more interesting?
When the waiter also asks for a wine to go with the meal, Cas just kindly asks for the house recommendation.
It doesn't really matter though, because he already knows what he's gotta do and unfortunately there's no hiding from it, no matter how big the cushions.
“Are you alright?” into his hair.
Then he feels a hand on his jaw. Cas's hand is big and warm, lifting his face. Cas's thumb strokes over his cheekbone and it feels great and Dean can't help but melt into it.
"Pleasure to meet you both." But it's no less warm than Donna's greeting. They both balance each other out in a way, which is nice to see.
Dean suddenly feels a bit sick for having forced Cas into doing all of this and he quickly exits the bakery. He needs to get away for a bit, get some fresh air.
“You good with kissing?”
"What?"
“Dude, I just had your dick in my mouth.”
“Hnnn.”
Cas doesn't say anything, but when Dean lays down, he makes him turn around on his other side and fits himself alongside Dean's back, putting an arm over his waist and holding him like that. He then kisses Dean's neck, mumbling,
“Oh, so no ‘Hello, Dean. How was your week, Dean?’ ‘It was fine. Thanks for asking, Cas. How was the conference—’?”
"I need one too, though."
They go through customs and get to their baggage easy enough, and luckily enough both their suitcases arrive pretty early.
Cas hums contentedly, letting his eyes wander over the walls covered in paintings. He then turns to look at Dean, smile still on his face. "Thank you for taking me, Dean. Again. This is amazing, I owe you."
"Aaahh. I accept your offering, handmaiden,” Charlie says, regal authority in her voice. “You may enter.”
"Pleasure to meet you both." Balthazar reaches over to shake their hands. While shaking Cas's hand, he unnecessarily winks at him. At least, Dean thinks it's unnecessary, but Cas just blushes a bit—which, hello, fake boyfriend or not, he is right there.
long time.”
"Wha-"
“I’m just nervous about the flight.”
They get the boat from off the rack and start carrying it towards the water.
“It’s really not that shocking—”
But tonight Dean can't really sit still.
Their flight back is the next morning and Hannah brings them to the airport. They say goodbye and Dean gets surprisingly teary-eyed at the prospect of never seeing Donna, Jody or Hannah ever again. He spares a thought for Balthazar, but it doesn’t go far.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” he grunts, and finally looks up at Cas, who is half-crouching over him, still wearing his trenchcoat, and looking at him in confusion but also concern. It’s a good look on him but then again, everything is. Wow, he missed those beautiful blue eyes—okay, he might be a little concussed.
Cas pulls up the note section of his phone. "I don’t think Notre Dame is on our itinerary, but I’d love to visit it—if that's alright with you, I think it could be very interesting. Unless you have other ideas?"
That is probably the most polite way anyone has ever asked Dean that question and he is weirdly touched by it.
"Dean, can you move so I can go?" Cas asks, amusement in his voice.
Cas leans to the side, peeking into the bathroom. He's standing very close to Dean, who didn't even realize that he was holding his breath the entire time and slowly inhales, catching Cas's nice scent.
Cas keeps throwing him worried glances but decides not to interrupt whatever madness Dean is going through, which is a wise move on his part because Dean is pretty sure that whoever dared to touch him at that moment would lose a finger.
As an answer, Cas simply takes Dean's hand in his, interlocking their fingers.
"No?"
“What?” Cas asks.
Donna smiles at both of them and then turns around.
"You wanna kiss? Make this extra cliche?"
“You meant it, right?“ His voice is soft. “The kiss?“
“Just for recording purposes, this is Donna Hanscum speaking. Jody is also present, and we’re interviewing Castiel and Dean, the winners of our 2019 Summer Prize Paris Trip. Say hi, boys.”
She had just replied, "
"Dean!" he hears again, and he finally gets his limbs under control and locates the kayak a few feet away. Cas is somehow still in it, but the swan is nowhere to be seen.
They sit in silence for a while, Dean dozing a bit to the sound of the occasional turning page.
“No, I already checked it out. It’s legit,” Dean says heavily.
"So, uh, I won this trip to Paris. At the end of August. For a week. And I thought maybe... you would like to come with me?"
"... I guess you could have one of my mini-croissants. And here, some extra jam—"
Dean is suddenly overwhelmed by a rush of fondness for Cas and he smiles against his hair. He then moves back a bit and kisses his forehead.
"Oh, sorry, didn't see you there."
He grips the seat next to him and takes a short break but then manages to continue after a couple of deep breaths. Thinking about Cas taking breaths with him helps him focus. There's nothing he can really do about the situation now.
Cas could probably go to Paris any time, choose his own people to go with. Go to museums and lectures and tours, not having to worry about an idiot friend who knows nothing. Who he would need to explain everything to.
“That sounds about right.”
He goes through it very quickly. It's clear that the man is an expert, though he doesn't really know a lot of English. But that doesn't deter him from explaining everything with a lot of gestures and sounds. Dean gives a glance to Cas, who is intently focused on the process, squinting his eyes sometimes while seemingly taking intense mental notes.
"Well, that's not fair."
They manage to check in easily enough and start heading over to security.
Who signs up for a competition for the hell of it, and actually wins? Dean’s been convinced all his life that these things are always a hoax. Nobody wins cruise trips or three cars from texting a number during a commercial break.
,” Charlie says, that last bit in a very terrible, attempted French accent. “Although Joanna would probably kick my ass for going without her.”
you bummed about it?”
“We are truly grateful for this trip. I am not joking when I say that the way this trip has gone—it really means a lot to us. So thank you for organizing this. We are very thankful.”
type of way and says,
Dean lets out an involuntary "—oh", surprised, but also slightly more turned on than before. Nobody has ever been able to manhandle him quite like this before. He looks at Cas's arms, straining from holding himself up, and trails down his hand from Cas's shoulder down his biceps.
This is all why his idea to
Cas now glances at Dean and raises his eyebrows. Dean clears his throat, and tries to tell the truth as much as possible.
"Dude, the breakfast here is
It doesn't take long for the heat to start building in Dean's lower stomach and he gasps out Cas's name as a warning. Thankfully Cas seems to be just as close, and Dean can feel him tensing up, and dragging his fist over both their cocks with renewed vigor.
Let it never be said that Dean Winchester doesn’t have a way with words. Cas seems to understand, though.
He slowly works his way down, kissing those sharp hip bones and then looks up when he reaches the belt, hands ready to ask with a look if Cas is good to continue. The other man just nods and tugs a little at his hair and Dean makes quick work of unbuckling and unzipping Cas’s jeans.
After they both get their cocktail, delivered by a waiter who doesn't really speak English, but a lot with his body language, they settle a bit closer together in their booth.
The one thing that bothers him most though, is the fact that he’s with Cas and he’s uncomfortable. He’s spent so much time with Cas at this point in life, that he’s a constant and a comfort. It’s easy to be with him, spend time with him anywhere, and Dean always feels as though he belongs—at least with one person. Being in this environment, with Cas, and not really enjoying himself as a person, feeling like he can’t just be himself, bothers him to no end, and makes his skin crawl a little.
"C'mon, Dean, it's one forty-five. Let's get everything ready."
When it happens, it’s supposed to be a stupid dare. A way to make Jo shut up and Garth pay attention to what’s happening again. Dean doesn’t remember whose idea it was in the first place, just that at one point everybody is shouting “Do it, do it, do it”, as if they were all back in high school.
"I believe they're snails," Cas says, and carefully picks one up with a small spoon that arrived with the appetizer. Dean watches him chew it, waiting any moment for Cas to make a face or spit it back out. The only thing he can really think about is that scene from Harry Potter (they had a Harry Potter marathon together with Charlie, Jo, and Cas earlier that year) where one of the characters is put under the spell to Eat Slugs, so this meal doesn't look particularly appetizing.
Cas sounds so distressed now, so Dean squeezes his hand and rubs his thumb over Cas’s hand.
Dean rolls his eyes as she starts cursing and helps her maneuver the dishes out of the sink so she can put her fingers under the cold stream.
"I told you it was good," Dean says weakly, but both of them know that he has been defeated, and Cas just grins at him, mouth full of pastry.
At least Charlie looks at him sympathetically when he finally lifts his head and looks at her.
but Cas beats him to it.
“Guess what came in the mail today?”
"Of course, dear, it's my pleasure. Again, if you have any trouble, call us."
Cas just nods and kisses him again, more messy but still so so perfect.
"To us in Paris, and terrible art."
They get seated by a waiter wearing a tux and bow tie, with impeccable English.
“And? I wouldn’t be above a free trip. I sure know you aren’t. So what’s the hold-up? Worse comes to worst, you do a bunch of cheesy romance-y stuff, but that’s nothing you can’t do with a best friend without making it weird. It’s free, take that opportunity. Or take someone else? I mean, I wouldn’t be opposed to some
"Good morning gentlemen, are you ready to check-in?" a voice from their left asks them. Dean looks at Cas, starting to panic all over again, but Cas just smiles at him softly and turns to speak to the lady next to them, who is trying to get them to move to the counter.
That startles a laugh out of Dean and he drops his head down to Cas’s shoulder. It’s a really nice shoulder and he brushes his lips against the side of his neck, just to be an asshole, before answering.
Dean likes to think that he's a practical person. Someone who has his life sort of figured out, as much as anyone is capable. If he’s honest, Dean doesn't believe that anyone actually has a clue and over time he figured that everyone is kind of faking it till they make it. Or they have one thing very figured out, and then base everything off of that. Which is what Dean does.
When their lips meet again, it feels right. There's nothing explosive about it. No fireworks or big lights go off in Dean's brain. It's more like a warm fire that spreads from his chest, warm and glowing, when their lips meet again, soft and gentle, almost hesitant.
Balthazar gets their attention again by waving kind of maniacally, and gestures to the other side of the space and Cas pulls Dean along so they can take some pictures with the Eiffel Tower in the background.
"I'll make sure to use them," Cas says then, placatingly, before closing the door.
“Hmm?“
Dean shakes his head with a fond smile because nobody can see him and gets into the kitchen to prepare dinner.
"Oh, yes. Thank you, Dean."
The rest of their day is spent lazing around, watching movies and making home-made pizza.
He finally registers Cas's voice, talking to him in a low and soft tone. The familiarity of it brings him back enough to concentrate more on his surroundings.
"What—"
“Really?”
Dean turns to him, delight in his face.
Suddenly Cas pulls back a few seconds into the very good make-out and Dean cuts off a very embarrassing whine that came from the back of his throat.
"Yeah, that was— well, it was just a weird night."
Cas has the decency to look a bit surprised and Dean honestly doesn’t know if he should be proud of himself for hiding his crush so well, or if it’s sad. Maybe a bit of both.
Not sure how to otherwise solve this misunderstanding, Dean finally just nods, mutters a "thank you, ma'am" and moves to his seat a few rows behind her, where he sits down and rubs his face with his hands. He's probably gonna have to get used to this, once they get to Paris. Once he explains to Cas what the whole deal is.
"Nothing," Cas says, acting innocent. "Those are lovely pants."
After waving a last goodbye, they gather their suitcases and head back home.
Now the only thing left to do is tell him about the whole romantic aspect. But Dean will have time to do that later.
Dean had been absolutely sure that the "preparation" Cas mentioned had meant going to the airport's bar and preferably drinking as much whiskey as possible and also ordering the onboard alcoholic options, but Cas said that that would be very unhealthy and stupid of him.
“It’s just my stomach... a bit too much...” He vaguely gestures at his stomach blowing up and Cas just looks at him, one eyebrow raised. They both know that they have to address the whole mistaken-boyfriend thing but Dean doesn’t relent at first, revelling in the moment where all of this isn’t his current situation.
Cas hums distractedly from the couch, sitting there with a novel and squinting at the pages.
They arrive, and it only takes a second to figure out that they're in a very fancy hotel. It's so fancy that when Dean opens the trunk to get out his and Cas's suitcases, he's interrupted gently by a freaking
He's apparently staring at Cas a bit too long because a few seconds have gone by without Dean really noticing and Cas's eyes have gone soft.
Cas starts grinding them together again, and moves one of his arms down to take their cocks in his hand, which makes them both gasp from how good it feels.
Dean turns around then, staring at the other wall, trying not to freak out. This is cool, this is fine, he has shared a bed with Sam many times when they were kids, this is no different. Except it's Cas, so obviously it's different.
"Here I am, Cas," he whispers, not sure if Cas is even still awake.
Before they can hightail out of there, Balthazar clears his throat.
"I see you brought me stuff as well, how thoughtful of you."
"You're not getting a sunburn, Dean," Cas says. "I was thinking about... our plans."
Even though he’s dying to tell someone about it, he also hasn’t talked to Cas about telling other people. It’s all so new, that it feels like he would pressure Cas into continuing the relationship after this trip if he tells everyone about it now. And that thought makes him spiral, because what if Cas is just caught up in the romance of this trip? What if, when they go back home, Cas is so bored by his relationship with Dean,
He nudges her foot off his lap and gets up to make a cup of coffee and some extra-greasy bacon.
Deans stares at him and decides to completely disregard that last comment for his own sanity. Cas probably meant it in the metaphorical sense anyways.
Suddenly there's a splashing sound, and then there are arms around him, hands on his face.
"Never mind, actually, don't worry about it, heh. I'll just, uhm, ask someone else, or—or actually just cancel the trip, it's stupid anyway."
"You so were!” Charlie says, impossibly stuffing another bite of donut in her face, then crinkling her nose after realizing it’s Jo’s strawberry-flavored one, and putting the half-eaten donut back in the box. “You didn't leave the apartment once, apart from work. And you can't put that on the whole Lisa thing, because that was more than a month ago."
"Don't. Move."
"—okay, okay, good. Dean? It's alright, okay? We're alright."
He decides in that split second that this is his chance. He's doing this to prove a point, so it's okay. Once he finishes tying Cas’s apron he pointedly kisses the back of his neck and loudly proclaims,
Realizing that Kevin is trying to de-escalate the situation this way, Dean takes up the thread.
Although he's willing to do that, if Cas feels in any way uncomfortable with the situation. Dean would understand. Who would wanna fake-date him? Especially Cas, who deserves only the best, who deserves someone more stable and equally brilliant as him.
"You probably need glasses, squintin' like that," Dean says, in a teasing tone.
Cas takes a few pictures and even convinces Dean to take a selfie with him. After failing miserably to find a good angle, they ask a bystander to take a picture of them in front of the famous stained-glass window.
Cas can see Dean eyeing the life vest with a concealed expression of slight disgust and gives him a knowing look that says
, who takes the luggage and puts it in one of those wheely things that Dean has only ever seen in movies.
“Do you mind if I kiss you now?“
"What happens if I just don't tell him anything?” Dean asks, very muffled by the cushions. But Charlie still hears him.
And so Dean decides to tackle the problem in the only way he really can tackle problems, which is with copious amounts of alcohol in his system. It's Friday and movie night anyway, so Dean just opens up a beer (and another beer, and another beer) a bit earlier than Cas comes back from his college. When his roommate arrives home at around 7pm, the fries have gone soggy since Dean had prepared dinner beforehand. Even he isn't enough of a daredevil to cook while drunk, and Dean is pleasantly tipsy.
"I suppose it would be a good thing to do."
"If you ever dare to do that again, I will 'ave you out of this place so quickly, you will lose your fingers, English Boy. I will banish you."
“Thank you, Dean," he finally answers in a wobbly way. But it's so subtle that only Dean picks up on it. He glances at the other pair and especially Channing, who looks a bit sheepish.
That makes Cas laugh a bit and through the giggles, he says, "You should have seen your face!"
They drive the rest of the way in silence, so Cas can sleep. Dean sometimes glances over and looks at Cas. The way his face is relaxed and lit by the passing streetlamps, illuminating his cheeks and jawline. He looks like a sleeping angel.
Cas only manages to move Dean by interlacing their hands and pulling him into the kitchen. Because the contact is still so intense and startling, Dean forgets to resist.
“This trip is probably the best thing that ever happened to me. Because I finally got to be with you.”
It starts off great. No, it starts off amazing.
Now finally warm and dry, he takes another look at Cas, who is now slumped against the windows with his eyes closed. Resting his eyes sounds like a really nice idea, especially now that the adrenalin has subsided. Dean also leans back, using one of the towels as a headrest, and dozes off.
His eyes are fixed on Dean's, intensely blue and wide and they just stare at each other for what feels like minutes. There's something in Cas's eyes, that almost looks like determination and also a little bit of fear.
Hope starts stirring in Dean's chest but he squashes it down as quickly as he notices it, because no, no way. It's better to keep his distance and not project his feelings onto Cas and think of it as any more than a friend taking care of his friend. It's not like he wouldn't do this for Charlie, or Jo.
He’s already talked to the organizers of the trip, to make sure everything is legit. He still has some free days left at the garage. The woman he talked to on the phone had said that the trip would be a week in late August and he knows for a fact that Cas would still be free from teaching at the College at that time and as far as Dean knows, he doesn’t have any plans.
"What do you mean?"
trip,” Dean says putting extra emphasis on romantic. Just to make sure Charlie gets it. He doesn’t want to risk another Sam situation.
Dean rummages through the bag, to get out the dry clothing both of them brought. He hands Cas his t-shirt and sweatpants and then remembers with horror what he packed. He quickly glances at Cas, who is busy putting on the sweatpants over his damp boxer-briefs that he wore under his swimming-trunks—and then Dean pulls out his own shorts. The short shorts.
and Dean feels it too, suddenly, and the joy he feels is a bit overwhelming.
"So, how do you feel about Paris?" Dean finally asks, after the dramatic music from the TV stopped swelling and drops into a quiet string piece and some teary whispering.
"Dr. Piccolo is currently removing Sarah from the morgue. I feel like this is important to the plot and you should be paying attention to it so I don't have to," Cas says, his voice betraying some level of investment, but also concern for Dean.
Dean vaguely mentions what Cas should be packing, so that his roommate is prepared for the activities and Cas only questions him a little bit when he tells him to pack stuff for swimming.
Dean sits down on the bed and pulls Cas to stand between his legs. He wraps his arms loosely around Cas’s waist, pulling him in. He slowly nuzzles the stomach in front of him, just taking a moment to be close to Cas, to feel his warmth and softness. He sighs contently when he hears, or more feels Cas hum and then start carding his fingers through Dean’s hair. The fingers don’t urge him to move, they’re just there, petting and Dean closes his eyes, enjoying it.
Before they leave completely, Cas gives Dean a significant look for a second to stop him from putting on his shoes.
"So I thought today we could watch the new Netflix documentary about penguins? After Doctor Sexy?" Cas says from the kitchen.
Dean snorts, but his face heats up even more.
“The Great British Bake-off!” Victor shouts, suddenly into it. “Man, what a show. Did you see the one where Howard—”
This gets Cas's attention.
They stumble onto the plane together, Cas helping him by linking an arm through his. Dean feels the familiar feeling of panic set in when they reach their seats, but it never quite hits and he's forgotten all about what he was supposed to panic about the moment they sit down.
They don't stay for long after finishing it, Cas kind of dropping in and out of the conversation, which usually indicates that he's getting a bit antsy about being out and surrounded by so much noise for long periods of time.
“Yeah. Just... takin’ it all in,” Dean says, and it feels so weird but also so right to finally just say what he thinks for once. He is rewarded with a soft smile that spreads on Cas’s face as he hums in agreement.
What Dean wants to say is
“Sorry!” he says, too loudly, embarrassed. “Sorry,” he says again, more quietly.
Just before Cas enters the bathroom, Dean holds him back.
"C'mon, Cas, finish up so we can go eat. Seriously, they have croissants. Like—
there to celebrate.
"Bon."
It’s also weird, because now Dean holds Cas's hand in the elevator and it feels different— even though it's exactly the same as the first day they did this. He can barely contain a grin all throughout breakfast and he doesn't even complain when Cas steals one of his mini-croissants off his plate in exchange for a grape.
Cas makes eye contact with him, squinting up.
“God, the breab hew ish sho much better than at home.”
Dean panics. Cas is going to tell them that their relationship was fake. But why would he? It’s true that it won’t change anything, considering that they’re flying home the next day, but why
He pretends to look around the room a bit, not willing to approach that can of worms yet, but unfortunately for him, Cas spots the sign just a couple of seconds later.
Dean suddenly can't look at her anymore.
Dean sometimes forgets that Cas can't actually read his mind. No matter how often it seems like it. Dean looks at the TV, where the commercial break has begun and people are happily advertising some sugar-free yogurt.
“Yeah?” he gasps.
They both change out of their traveling clothes into a pair of soft sweatpants and a t-shirt.
“Yeah, about that…” Dean shows her the screen. On it, three texts, all in caps, exclaiming that he won the big trip and a code with which to register on the given website.
To Dean's surprise, Cas blushes a bit and looks away.
"Sure, Kev, here you go.”
"So how's Cas doing? He's back from his conference right?” She takes another donut and it makes Dean’s belly ache just looking at it. She turns to him again. “I mean, I don't even have to ask. You're not all sulky anymore. He must be home."
Dean doesn't even bother sleeping, telling Cas that he'll just be too groggy to drive, but Cas trudges to his own room at around 9:30 and tries to get some rest before the long flight.
“Sorry boys, just a few more shots for the camera and then you’re done for the night.”
He shoves the letters to Cas on the dump-table by the couch and quickly goes to his room. Normally he starts to make dinner immediately after getting home, but he doesn't want to risk burning something just because he's too distracted from thinking about the trip.
Dean feels the tips of his ears burning and steps aside.
"... I don't understand," Cas says slowly. "You knew they were going to put us in a room with one bed, and you didn't clear it up? Donna, and Jody for that matter, seemed so nice, I'm sure we can ask them for a change—"
Cas finishes his coffee and smiles at Dean.
For some reason, his first instinct is to text Cas. That’s generally his instinct when things are going wrong, because Cas always seems to keep a clear head.
They walk back to their hotel, shoulders brushing, talking about plans to bake together once they’re back home. And no matter how somber his thoughts were earlier, it feels good to know that at least Cas is still his best friend. For now.
"What do you mean by that?"
“—about the broken light. We should call them to fix it.”
"Okay, lemme just—" Dean doesn't even finish his sentence as a yawn takes over. Cas isn't even listening, already busy brewing up coffee for their giant travel mug.
“I’m just… soft there, I guess.”
"Oh!" Cas exclaims and reaches for his phone on the nightstand. Dean totally does not stare at the sliver of exposed hipbone he gets to see because of this.
They were unresponsive.
Dean doesn’t realize that he’s been biting his nails while looking at his phone until Jo hits him in the arm.
“Just act natural, the way you always do when around each other. And enjoy your stay here,” she says, smiling at both of them. She then sincerely adds, “I hope you have a wonderful time.”
There's a possibility that Dean has never been happier in his life.
"Dean, what are you doing?" Cas asks after a second of just looking at Dean, probably taking it all in. His voice is sleep-riddled and deep because of it and Dean has to swallow. This feels so much worse than a walk of shame. A fall of shame, if you will.
"There. Now you can put the butter in."
“It’s a
"Well," Charlie says after a while. "That's a problem."
"Only if you're willing to share, of course."
“Sure do, brother,” Benny answers and also gestures to the empty tequila bottle, which makes Garth get up to get a new one. “I started baking because of that show—what was it? Something British baking-off—”
"Okay. Okay, Cas, I'll just—" Dean says, and gestures to the bathroom.
They get mistaken for a couple now and then (a fact that Dean totally does not dwell over) and they usually just go along with it instead of explaining their relationship to strangers. It works out well enough for them and they don't ever talk about it afterward, which suits Dean.
“You both look constipated,” Balthazar says, face still behind the camera. Dean lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Cas raises his eyebrows at him and shakes his head a little. Cas then looks down at their hands and starts stroking Dean’s thumb lightly and Dean can feel his ears burning, meaning he’s probably going red.
Way too late Dean says something that sounds a little like
Dean just grins at him and goes to the couch. “Let’s order take-away. I wanna look at these, pronto.”
"Some people are just naturally stunning," Balthazar says, clearly eyeing Cas, but then also gesturing to everyone else in their group. "Beautiful people all around."
Dean rubs his face with his hands to gather himself but also to wipe any tears that might have spilled. Thankfully his cheeks are dry and he gives Cas a watery smile.
They get through the instructions fast, with the two men, a father and son duo who apparently own the business, showing them how to use the paddle and what best not to do in some limited English. Dean gathers that it can't be too difficult. A boat is a boat, no matter how slim.
He takes out his phone and it takes about three tries, but he finally gets it unlocked and he goes to his camera. Cas gets what he's doing and turns to press a kiss against Dean's cheek, while Dean smiles wildly into the camera. He takes a couple more pictures, just to make sure he's got it, including one where Cas looks ahead again with a cute scrunched-up face while Dean, in turn, kisses his cheek.
to have with Cas. He shifts his head around so that his forehead is smushed fully against Cas's shoulder.
"No, it's okay. Just tired, I guess. Uhm... about three years now."
Cas just glares at him. It's an old argument. Cas says it would make him look old. Dean secretly thinks he'd look very, very hot. Which is probably an argument
Dean needs to consider, put thought into his next words, which usually spill out so effortlessly.
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean says, almost breathlessly, looking around, “how dare they put us in such a shithole.”
"It's alright, dear, move onto your seat now. You've got a handsome young man with you, that's for sure. Make sure you spend your time well with him."
Cas smiles and puts a hand on Dean's face and strokes the skin under his eyes with his thumb.
she had said.
It's a terrible week. But Dean is also kind of getting excited because Cas is getting excited and when Cas gets giddy about something it's really endearing and infectious. The nerd is even beginning to compile a list of obscure places he wants to visit in Paris.
Cas looks away, startled.
Dean takes a shuddery breath because holy shit, he's holding Cas's hand. His whole arm starts to tingle and Cas's hand fits just right in his, warm, dry and strong and Dean hopes that he doesn't ruin it by getting sweaty palms.
"What?"
After a while, Cas returns with fruit and oatmeal in some yogurt and even Dean has to admit that it looks delicious, even though he thinks it's a big waste of all the other choices—an opinion he voices to Cas, who just counters with the reasoned fact that they're going to be eating breakfast here for a whole week.
When Hannah gives him a fond look for the teary eyes he quickly wipes his face.
He returns to bed, and Cas seems like he's asleep, so Dean quietly shimmies under the covers and switches off the bedside lamp.
“What’s wrong?”
He’s a little breathless and honestly can’t believe that all of this is happening. He decides to make it real again, and starts kissing Cas again and tries to put all the words he can’t say into it. By the way Cas is responding he seems to understand.
Cas wordlessly digs out the pills out of his backpack and hands them to Dean with a bottle of water they purchased right after security (Dean totally hadn't been grumpy about the fact that they had just thrown away their bottle, just to buy a new, overpriced one). With them, he takes out two little protein bars. Dean didn't even realize Cas had packed all this stuff.
Dean groans and sits up fully while grabbing the back of his head. Yeah, that’s going to bruise, but thankfully he’s not bleeding. That would have been a bitch to clean up.
"Bye, Hannah," he says casually, and pats Cas on the shoulder, who is looking at his legs with a face Dean can't quite decipher. "Let's go, Cas."
“You look like...” Dean laughs. “... Like some kind of Astronaut-hippie-scientist.”
The man, who looks like he comes from every commercial about bakeries ever—sans maybe a mustache—introduces himself as Monsieur Jean in a thick French accent. Dean replies with his best version of “bonjour”.
What he doesn't expect is for Cas to, instead of high-fiving him, interlace his fingers with Dean and use it as leverage to lean forward to give Dean a kiss on the cheek. "Yes, Dean. Wonderful teamwork, thank you.”
They eat dinner mostly in silence. Cas doesn't really enjoy talking while eating and Dean is usually too tired after work to really bother to have a conversation. But it's a comfortable silence from being in each other's space for three years and counting.
Cas finishes up his tea and goes to sit next to Dean.
It’s a journey to look through them. Dean wasn’t even aware Balthazar took so many pictures, not having noticed the man in some situations that happened. He also has to admit that he’s a pretty damn good photographer.
"What are you watching?"
Dean's sigh and movement alert Cas and he takes out his headphones.
"I love you, Dean," Cas says, while still looking into Dean's eyes.
Before Cas can answer, he waves the big envelope in his face.
Cas just hums, already almost asleep.
Outside, he takes deep breaths, holds them, and lets them out slowly. Just like Cas taught him. At that thought, he feels tears brim at the edge of his eyes. He doesn't know if he can keep all of this up. There are three days left on the trip, and he can't imagine going through the rest of it like this, knowing that Cas is not even remotely on the same page as him. He's probably regretting this whole plan anyway, having to touch Dean, and act all cozy with him when he’s not attracted to Dean in that way at all.
"Yeah, yeah, whatever, I just did what I had to do," Dean says. He wasn't prepared to have such an existential conversation at that moment, in the middle of the street in Paris.
"You're pretty hot, you know that, Cas?"
"Yeah, hold on."
It generally lightens the mood again, the heavy atmosphere leaving them and they finally stand up from their table after making sure with Balthazar that they’re fine for tonight. The photographer just waves them off.
They walk onto the Place du Trocadéro, from which they will best see the Eiffel Tower. Balthazar is of course already there. He greets them from far away, but waves at them to stop before they can get closer to him so that he can get a few pictures of them arriving, Dean guesses.
“Cas, maybe we should go out tonight.”
But even with his panicked thoughts and racing heart, eventually, Dean lets himself calm down with the help of Cas's steady breaths behind him. In the end, after what feels like hours of not being able to fall asleep (but is actually only about 15 minutes) he finally drifts off.
"Dean?"
"Well, we
Dean feels himself going red.
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas sounds concerned.
The next morning, they get picked up at 9 am. It's their first time using their assigned driver since the airport, and saying that Dean is awkward about it is a generous term.
He then smiles back at Cas.
Cas finally manages to buckle himself up and looks up.
"Are you alright?"
Cas blushes and ducks out of his room, probably to go back to his room and finish up his work for the day. Dean’s long over getting offended when Cas left to go to his own room seemingly in the middle of conversations. It’s just a Cas thing.
"Nah man, it's cool. Let's do that," Dean replies. "We should definitely get crepes for lunch, though."
Cas watching him in amusement from the sidelines. He even takes some pictures on his phone and then a video of Dean trying to argue with a man who barely spoke any English, that his ball was closer to the small target ball.
Obviously the reason why he wants to take Cas is because it just fits. It would be a thing good friends do, right? Taking their best friend on a trip like that? It’ll be fun! Just him and Cas, wandering through the streets of Paris, maybe holding ha— ice creams. No, those were an italian thing. But they probably have ice cream in Paris too. Point is, it would be fun, and an obvious choice, to take Cas.
He does go really quickly— gently extracting himself from Cas, washing himself up, and then running a small washcloth under warm water to bring back to Cas.
Dean peeks at Cas, who is now looking at him in a way Dean can’t handle. It’s a mix of pity and something he can’t quite pin down. But he’s giving Dean a chance to explain everything in his own time and Dean’s grateful.
It’s a Wednesday afternoon, two weeks before the departure and when Dean comes home from work, he picks up the mail from the floor. Even though Cas is home most of the time, writing his Ph.D. thesis, he usually is so deeply in his own world that he doesn't really notice anything that happens around him. An apocalypse could probably start and Cas would be none the wiser.
They’re both not really hungry, but order some sandwiches for room service to get something in their stomachs before they go to sleep. Dean is still feeling a little queasy from the flight and only manages to eat one half of his sandwich, letting Cas eat the rest. He quickly showers and comes back out and lets Cas know that the bathroom is free now.
Evening comes along, and Dean and Cas get ready to go out. They leave quite early, just to make sure they get there on time. Also, Dean just wants to enjoy the walk with Cas. As weird as it is to be so public about his affections usually, Dean has absolutely no qualms about doing so with Cas for some reason. Maybe it's just that every time he looks at Cas, he knows that every moment with him is precious. He needs to cherish every minute that goes by that he gets to spend with him and that means holding his hand whenever he feels like this without thinking about what other people thought about it.
It gets light again when Cas moves closer—close enough that he is almost entirely pressed against Dean's back. Dean, who is trying very hard to only focus on the lightbulb in his hand.
They sit in silence for a bit before Dean gets antsy again.
At one point, they're laughing so hard in front of a picture of a very badly drawn lion, that an employee hurries over and politely tells them to please respect the premises and the art, which sends them into another fit and Dean actually has to wipe tears from his eyes.
Turns out that those pills hit hard.
They head out soon after. Dean tries to insist on taking their driver but Cas just looks at him.
Now it's Dean's turn to blush, and he looks away to blink away the tears that might have gathered. He clears his throat. "Yeah, okay, but you're pretty cool yourself."
"We're doing this."
Cas, meanwhile, doesn't seem perturbed at all, and silently starts putting together his and Dean's burger with the tomato and lettuce slices Dean prepared earlier. Cas puts ketchup and mayo on his and mustard and ketchup on Dean's (it's something Dean had to fight for. Apparently putting ketchup and mustard is "very close to blasphemy". But Cas got used to it) while Dean watches. He then sighs as quietly as possible and grabs the fries, to carry them over to their coffee table. Fridays are the only days Dean allows them to have food (that aren’t snacks) on the couch.
Inside the car, Hannah has very kindly put down towels on the seats for them, and tells them that it’s totally fine if they change. Hannah starts driving and presses a button that puts up a dark screen between them and the front of the car.
They go to the elevator and once inside, Dean turns to look at Cas. "You know we don't
Dean holds out a hand to Kevin. "Hi, I'm Dean. And this is my… boyfriend. Cas."
Turns out, playing a drinking game while watching a TV game show that is some sort of Jeopardy knock-off with his friends is an absolutely brilliant—but also absolutely dumbass—thing to do.
and suddenly Dean is on the ground, on his back, shoulders first, his feet still tangled in the sheets on the bed. It's an incredibly uncomfortable position and Dean has never in his life been so grateful for plush carpet.
They gather their things—well, their backpacks, because when Dean tries to grab his suitcase, another butler appears, smiles at him, says “bonjour, monsieur” and gently rolls the big cart with their luggage on it out of his reach. It’s frankly all quite disconcerting, but Jody, Donna, and Cas make their way to the elevators without really seeming to notice that Dean is suspiciously letting his gaze linger on the people handling their stuff.
“Holy shit, dude!” Jo scream-whispers, wide eyes moving back and forth from the screen to Dean’s face.
“Is everything alright?”
Cas mutters something under his breath, but when Dean stills and looks at him, he doesn't say more, so he's probably just dreaming. Dean lies down fully and lets out a deep breath.
So by the third commercial break, it’s on. And truly, what could go wrong. Nothing. Nobody wins these things.
“Cas, I’m—” he looks up at the broken light. He doesn’t want to say he’s sorry. The left bulb still isn’t working. He can’t look at Cas, but he can feel his proximity like a warm fire. It doesn’t relieve the ache in his chest, the burning but stabbing sensation spreading with every breath he can’t take. He decides not to finish the sentence. He doesn’t know how to, too afraid the dam will burst and he’ll burst into tears. He can already feel them dangerously brimming at the edge, eyes and face hot from trying to hold them back.
Cas also starts caressing Dean’s stomach. It tickles a bit but it’s not too unpleasant. But Dean is also noticing how much Cas is paying attention to the slightly pudgy area and he shuffles a bit under the hand. When Cas doesn’t relent, he grumbles a bit under his breath.
As they approach the two women, they finally notice them and the blonde one breaks out in a friendly and very open smile.
Cas seems to sense that Dean is done talking about whatever was bothering him and—after a small pause and a sip of his coffee—he starts talking about the conference he attended.
At the elevators, Donna and Jody turn to say goodbye.
And with that, the two women leave them, in perfect timing with the arriving elevator.
“Well, you are so outgoing and I’m so—me. So awkward, and. You know.”
"Dean, if you're uncomfortable with this, we can change rooms and I fully understand—"
“Don’t be stupid,” Cas just says, in a tone that implies that Dean is being ridiculous, and goes into the bathroom, locking the door after him.
They get ready for bed, and Dean is somehow even more nervous to be sleeping in bed with Cas than the previous night. He returns to the bathroom again, deciding to take a shower to maybe calm himself down a bit. It’s also just in case Cas falls asleep while he showers, so that Dean won’t have to deal with him being awake while having an embarrassing nervous breakdown.
"It's okay, Cas, we'll figure this out together." Dean starts brushing away some of the flour on Cas's shoulder and he moves his hand up to Cas's face to wipe away a smudge there.
"It's a romantic trip," Dean blurts out. "It's a romantic trip, meant for couples in a romantic romancy relationship and I won it, but I- I had just broken up with Lisa, and-"
"Wha-? I was
"Plans?"
Dean looks ahead, and there stands the tower everyone always talks about. They had caught sight of it over the last few days from afar, but they never really took the time to go see it, knowing that it was planned for the last day. And it's sort of worth it. He looks at Cas, who is also looking at the Eiffel Tower in awe, while the sky turns into beautiful orange purply-blues around it.
"So?"
“There’s something else we wanted to say.” Cas’s voice is serious.
“Yeah, Joanna told me. Also about you signing up for that Paris trip thing and winning? Maybe? She told me she wasn’t sure if it was just a scam.”
Dean walks back over to Cas and gently pries the bowl out of Cas's hands and puts it on the scale and calibrates it to show zero. He then also holds up a piece of paper with all the measurements and instructions on it, which Cas must have overseen.
Cas frowns at him. “The bed thing? I mean, I suppose we sleep in it.”
When Dean wakes up, they're already two hours into the flight and Cas is watching something on the screen in front of him. Dean watches his face for a bit, still slightly groggy from the nap. Cas looks tired, but pleased. His arm is on the armrest between them and even though they're in business class and their seats are huge, Cas is pressed as close to him as possible. He can even feel the heat from Cas's arm against his own, and his foot is right up against Dean’s and as much as he'd like to deny it, it's incredibly soothing.
"Alright, you weirdo, let's go."
It’s been a good while since Dean’s given a blowjob, but seeing the bulge in Cas’s boxer briefs makes his mouth water. He slowly pulls them down, over those sinfully big thighs he’s been staring at for so long, and kisses along Cas’s hips first, and works his way to where Cas is already half-hard.
They get through security without any issues and Dean remains mostly calm. It does help that Cas keeps looking at him with concern.
, but what comes out of his mouth is, "Apparently we're 'awesome together'."
So Charlie it is. He knows that he will get laughed at, but it’s worth it for some of that solid, wise advice that Charlie always seems to have.
Dean trudges through the apartment while looking through the mail. Most of it is for Cas from random universities all over the country, and he puts those aside for him for later. He stops in his tracks when he sees a bigger envelope, addressed to him. The envelope is an obnoxious pink and he blinks at it and wonders how he missed it earlier. He then sees the game show's logo on the back and looks up nervously, hoping that Cas doesn't show up randomly to ask about it.
"Hey, Dean?"
“Dean?“
And Dean drops Cas.
Then Cas slaps him lightly on the shoulder. "Tag, you're it," he says, grinning and then runs away, laughing.
Jody holds her hand out and gives them a curt,
"I didn't know that we would have business class tickets," Cas says conversationally, probably to distract Dean. "I was already getting prepared to be cramped for 12 hours."
With another glance at Cas, who is thankfully not paying attention to him—too busy fighting with pulling off his wet t-shirt in the enclosed space—he finally discards his swim trunks underneath one of the towels and pulls up dry boxers from his bag. He then takes a deep breath and also quickly pulls up the shorts, which are way shorter than he remembers, and he tucks his boxers under the shorts so it doesn’t look completely ridiculous.
He thinks Cas has already fallen asleep, but then he hears, very delayed, "—oh. Okay."
Donna takes the time to grab some papers out of her bag and presents them on the table. “These are just forms to sign for you, to consent to the public distribution of your pictures. You will, of course, receive the pictures beforehand and we won't publish any that don't get your stamp of approval, but don't worry—Balthazar does really good work and makes everyone look beautiful."
He knows that sometimes his head is messing with him. So he looks at Cas, who looks like he’s enjoying his dessert, but also eyeing Dean carefully and Dean makes a decision. He replays all the moments he has had so far and decides that he has to get out of his head for a bit. Enjoy the moment, as Charlie would probably say.
Cas frowns. "Are you asking me?"
go with him on this Paris trip is
"Hmmm," Dean hums again but does nothing to remove his head from Cas's shoulder. It's really quite comfortable.
Dean has never been aware that swans have teeth. It would be an interesting fun fact if Dean didn't have to find that out by himself, while in a kayak, in the middle of a body of water.
“—he did what? No! I mean—urgh, keep your fingers under the water Jo, Jesus. No, the part where you guys dared me to sign up for that stupid trip to Paris, or whatever.”
Cas now turns to look at Dean, with a slightly confused look, that looks really cute together with his rumpled hair and sweatpants and Dean just wants to hug him and swaddle him in blankets and never let go and—
He ducks his head and watches his fingers, which are following the pattern of the comforter, so that he doesn't have to look into Cas's eyes anymore.
"I suppose it's odd that there is a Paris, Texas. I don't understand why people can't be more original with naming their cities."
Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it! If you leave a kudo or a comment (or even both) it will fill my heart with joy. :)
"Dean!" Charlie says, after opening the door and standing there in a Gryffindor cloak as if it’s the most normal thing in the world. Dean can't help but grin at her.
Nervously, Dean exchanges a look with Cas, and then holds out his hand on the table. Cas takes it. He then gazes into his eyes, trying his best to look put-on in love. Cas is also doing some kind of… face.
"Shut up. Okay, c'mon let me out, I gotta pee," Dean says grumpily and struggles to pull off his blanket in a way where he doesn't tangle himself in it. He fails spectacularly.
To calm down, they sit on one of the benches, and the staff member eyes them carefully, probably considering whether he can throw out the uncultured Americans. A thought which makes Dean giggle all over again, but this time he presses it into the back of his hand. He looks over at Cas, who is biting his lip, trying to suppress his own laughter, but his eyes still shine with it.
“I’m always excited to see places where people were executed by Guillotine. Oh, maybe we’ll see Marie Antoinette’s ghost.” He suddenly looks thoughtful. “I hope the head is missing.”
