It didn't need to be difficult. It didn't need to be complicated. "Let's get married."
"Gentlemen, if I can interrupt?"
Sherlock loomed in the dark beside him. John handed him back his torch. Sherlock's hand brushed his, as he took it.
He paced the kitchen, clutching his phone in his hand, his anger flaring, each small detail of his domestic life an accusation: the shining stainless steel toaster he and Mark had bought together, giggling in the checkout line at the hardware store. Postcards, tacked to the fridge, of the trip they'd taken to Bath.
"I'll definitely take this one," John said. "And can you sell me a tablet, or something similar, that it can talk to? I'd like to get a separate device to go with it, for the monitoring."
The trouble with a lie, with being lied to, was the fact that it was impossible to tell how deep it went. Sometimes, deception ended with someone lying dead on the pavement.
For a moment, silence stretched out between the two of them, and John wondered if there were unplumbed depths in it.
Sherlock nodded, and looked down at the table as he smoothed the cloth with his hands. "Just, if you need pulling out of the occasional fire. I'll push back appointments for that."
"Seriously, John. I had to do everything I could not to let Mark see you weren't ready yet, and that Sherlock was back here. If I didn't know any better, I'd say the two of you've been snogging each other. Sherlock seems positively chipper." She squinted in the direction that Sherlock had gone.
"I'll tell you what, love, when you're ready to be good, and do as I say, you can have a new one."
With effort, he managed to open his eyes, although he couldn't focus them. His first impression was of darkness, dark forms crisscrossing around him, caging him in, and beyond that, lights.
This was the game, then. Everything would be fine, so long as he played along. He would keep up the facade. He would do everything he was expected to do.
John had thought, long and hard, about trying to get the flash drive away from Mark, about running to Sherlock, getting Mycroft involved, but he decided he couldn't risk it. The slightest wrong move now might make Mark bolt. Mark was, John had to assume, fully capable of disappearing altogether, and taking the information about AGRA with him.
"Yeah." Trish shook her head. "Who doesn't drink at their own wedding?"
"Not my problem." His nerves were screaming. "He's an adult man. Up to him what he does with himself."
That would be the text Mark had sent the night before, in response to the coded messages he'd received. The time stamp was 6:45 pm.
Mark cupped John's arse, squeezed, and kissed the back of his neck, with a loud smack. "Well, it worked for me, just fine. And this does too. It all works."
Ella's voice was in his head:
A dreadful mistake. John had wondered, many times, if he could have simply forced the conversation he'd wanted to have with Sherlock, after Battersea, if he'd put everything out on the table back then, if things would have been different. If Sherlock might have not thrown himself from the roof of Barts.
Saturday morning found John standing in the aisle of an electronics store, under harsh fluorescent light, squinting at the text on the side of a home security kit.
Still heavy. Heavier than it should be.
Mark shrugged. "Really, if you think about it, we're all devils, aren't we?"
The door to the greenhouse cracked open, and there Sherlock was, in a black bespoke suit, white shirt open at the collar, smiling at John shyly. John's breath huffed out of him, all in one go, filling the air between them with white vapour.
After an hour of riding, leg muscles burning, feeling better in his body, and certain that no one was following him, John made his way through a series of quiet streets, following his memory of the map he'd looked at in the middle of the night. Finally, he came to a stop outside the open iron gates of the churchyard he'd been seeking. Inside, a mess of faded, frost-blighted greenery grew thick between headstones. The attached church was tiny, named after some obscure saint John had never heard of.
As for the dangerous game that was still going on all around them, well. So long as he didn't remove himself from it, he supposed he could still be a player.
The preliminary details were sorted quickly. Cath, or Agent Violet Smith, rather, had been working with MI6 for the last eight months, trying to identify and, as she put it,
After that it was a quick round of greeting the nurses, a couple of John's cousins, and a maiden aunt. Greg Lestrade shook Mark's hand, and John's, and offered a polite congratulations; Mrs. Hudson smiled and beamed; and Molly Hooper looked as though she might be sick, as she mumbled her best wishes. Mike Stamford, it seemed, had chosen to stay home.
John shuffled more than walked, his body exhausted, his heart aching.
Mark's eyes slid over to Sherlock. He smiled, and winked at him. "I wouldn't expect anything less."
He stood, and went downstairs, moving cautiously, wishing he had his gun, feeling utterly vulnerable in his pants and t-shirt.
John took Mark's hand, rubbing his thumb over his calluses again. He felt the full force of the decisions he'd made while Mark was gone. To sacrifice anything he had to, to make certain that Sherlock was safe. "I suppose the spotlight doesn't matter to me any more. That's what I'm saying." He paused, waiting until the right words came to him. "If it's all right, Mark, if you'll have me, I plan to stick with you."
He'd had to do terrible things, in his time. He'd had to watch men die. He'd killed one, for Sherlock, their very first night together. This was, by far, the ugliest decision he'd ever had to make.
He could have this, he decided. One night away from everything he was suffering. It was allowed. It was permissible, because he'd been good, he'd followed his own program, he'd done as well as he could, and made things as safe they could be. In a couple of days, he would face the wedding. Everything would change then, and the real game would begin. He had no idea what it would look like, or whether he would survive it, but until then, he had tonight, and the promise of a moment with Sherlock.
"It wasn't safe when I left, and it isn't safe now. I haven't even been back a fortnight, and it's already started."
His blood stirred at the last memory. The way the two of them had worked as a team, sharing the same purpose. The unbridgeable gap between them. Sherlock's stillness, as he waited, a closed book, with his blade-sharp focus on the task at hand. His beauty, which was blade-sharp, too.
"My sister," John said. "Harriet."
His eye snagged on a familiar name: Harry Watson.
"Yeah. We're getting married—or, I hope we are. I'm going to ask."
John wondered if he would ever see the watch again. "It's mine," he said.
For a while, it was all flashing lights, and the nurses cheering while they danced. The distant cousins and the one maiden aunt seemed to hit it off with Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and Greg, forming a little group to themselves in the far corner of the dance floor.
He watched as the figure worked its way from one box to another. Whoever it was moved slowly, dressed entirely in a white outfit with a hood that covered the head. Beekeeping, John realised. The figure appeared to finish with whatever they were doing, and slowly began to make their way toward the cottage, presumably to work on the boxes that were close by, about fifty feet away.
Sherlock turned his head to watch a black cat, which hurried across the top of a brick wall. The cat jumped effortlessly onto the windowsill of a ground floor flat, and yowled to demand entrance. "That's—good, I suppose." When he faced forward again, he was looking down at the pavement, a soft smile on his lips.
They separated. Sherlock watched him, carefully.
"Is this about the blog post? Because I get it, John. It wasn't easy for me, reading all that, but I understand."
"What?"
John looked back at Mark, who raised his eyebrows in a silent inquiry.
John wondered if Mark had been in touch with Sherlock since they'd arrived at the hospital, wondered if Sherlock had asked after him. Checked on him. Wanted to see him. He couldn't ask, not when Mark was in the middle of trying to tell him what happened, not when excitement tipped his voice, and he was so obviously proud of himself.
He worried, a bit, over the idea that Mark had lied to him. He resolved to ask him about it later, if it was still bothering him. Really though, he was probably just being silly. No need to start a fight over nothing.
John pretended to sleep, trying desperately to relax his muscles, as Mark climbed into bed. He remembered the many, many times, in the last six months, when Mark's presence had meant a sense of warmth and comfort. Now, he felt only alarm, and revulsion, as Mark slipped in behind him, and pressed himself up against John's back, slotting his legs in behind John's, and sliding his arm around John's waist.
him. John was sure of it now, impossible as it was. There was the mole on the right side of his throat. The smattering of smaller moles on the left. His chin, his lips.
"Ex." John frowned, and broke into a nervous giggle. That wasn't much different. Maybe he meant it. "Besides, maybe I do still have a commander, after a fashion. Maybe I'm not ready to give up the idea of having one yet."
"Pays the bills."
"Oh," John said, not knowing what he was saying. "You've—"
John nearly spoiled the surprise, Friday afternoon, when he told Mark he'd made a reservation at the Landmark, for the two of them to have dinner that same night.
The AGRA key.
John looked down at his knees, the warm plaid of his pyjamas. At the grey wool socks, soaked with water. He'd lost. He was lost, for the time being. Frustration rolled over him. He would have to wait. He wondered how much he would have to endure.
"Of a surprise." Mark rubbed circles over John's back, making soothing noises. "Mmm. You should dream more often, you filthy beast."
"John." All at once Sherlock was with him again, looming over him.
"Why don't you go have a chat to oh, you know, Tom? Make the whole wedding party perfectly awkward."
Mark shrugged. "I think they're more excited about it than I am, to be honest. They won't stop talking about the wedding. I keep telling them it's going to be small, just friends on both sides, and your sister. She's still coming, right?"
"Now: guest list." She flipped open her binder, and frowned at a printout of an email message John had sent her. "About twenty in total, if I understand this correctly."
John took another sip of his beer. There was so much more he wanted to say, but it could wait. It was good—it was very good—to be able to say this much.
Sherlock waved his hand at a chair, the movement excessive. "Be my guest. Tea?" He held out the mug. His hand shook.
"Do you mind?" He stepped closer to the wall. It was time he caught up to speed.
Mark went down on his back, kicked his pants off the rest of the way, and pulled John down on top of him. John kissed him, as Mark lifted his knees, and John reached down to run his fingers over Mark's hole, finding it slick, and loose, and ready for him. He sat up again, took the bottle of lube from the bedside table, and poured some on himself, stroking his cock, needy, unable to wait a moment longer. He aligned himself, and pushed the tip inside, and Mark made a soft noise of encouragement.
"Dunno. Figured I could do with something a bit different. Are you heading home soon?"
"It's a threat to you too," John said.
"Very good. Come up, Doctor Watson."
As Sherlock explained the things he'd discovered about the unfinished tube station at Sumatra Road, the missing train carriage, and Mycroft's terrorist plot, John listened, and nodded, and began to relax.
A few minutes later, John stood and watched himself in the mirror, admiring the fit of the dark grey suit trousers and crisp white shirt that Sherlock had chosen for him, and the ivory coloured tie at his throat. Arthur Davies helped him into bright red suspenders, marked with a silvery pale floral pattern, his hands trembling as he showed John how to button them to the trousers.
John suspected that Mark was just as tired as John was, of hiding his real identity, who he really was, what he really knew. Perhaps he was only waiting to see whether John would confront him, how far he would have to go, before John broke.
Sherlock took a deep breath, and nodded. "Cold feet. I researched this. I understand you'll feel better afterward."
"And it would have, John. Clearly I'm lost without you, as the last few weeks have amply demonstrated. I've been so preoccupied with the problem of you, I've failed to see what was happening right in front of me." Sherlock stood up on the seat of the couch, and stepped down onto the floor, standing inches away from John. "Fortunately, one of us was still paying attention." He gazed into John's eyes, and put his hand on John's shoulder. "So go ahead." He spoke softly, deliberately. "Get married. Burn the heart out of me. It's no trouble at all, looking sombre at a wedding. Dull affairs. Not nearly enough cake, proportionate to the trouble."
From this close, John could smell the soap that Sherlock used, the herbal scent of his shampoo, could hear the rustle of the fabric of his suit, as he shifted restlessly. John's heart stuttered in his chest. "The same press who tore you to pieces?"
He sat up, and cleared his throat. "Yes. How did you know?"
, his mind supplied, unhelpfully.
"I can't guarantee your safety."
"So you know I'm a bit of a mess."
"Promise?" his mother asked, even as Sherlock tried to shut the door in her face. She stuck her shoe in, kept the gap open.
John was frozen in place. "Why would he expect that?"
"It's all right, John." Sherlock's voice was disturbingly calm and steady, as if he'd reached some point of internal resolve. "I could do with a little humanisation. You always said."
"He doesn't care that John doesn't want to go. He knows he doesn't," Violet said. She stepped forward, her voice carrying a note of frustration. "Look at you two. Anyone could see you'd never willingly leave each other. He hasn't killed John, so he must have other plans." She looked at John. "You know what I'm talking about, don't you?"
John blinked at the chipped paint on the edge of one of the stairs. "Has he said anything about Mark? About us getting married? It's just—I don't know what I'm walking into up there."
"Your parents. They knew, didn't they? Mycroft must have. He knows everything."
Bill Murray, who had come with a couple of John's other army mates, shook Mark's hand, and pulled John into a warm hug. "Really good to see you settled, John. You'll keep him in trouble, won't you, Mark?"
As the day progressed, the shadows changed their angles, and the cameras captured more foot traffic, and the occasional car. Nothing suspicious. The timestamp moved on to late afternoon, and it grew dark, just after five pm.
. Sherlock spoke. "I suppose we all get distracted sometimes."
"What?" John's voice was loud. "Sorry. What?" He was full of a tenderness he couldn't express, and suddenly angry, he realised, furious with himself, for everything he'd done, and everything he had to do.
A long pause followed. No response. Impatient, John typed:
He left the bedroom, and went back down to the kitchen, and grabbed his phone from the table. He picked it up, and swiped to unlock it, and hovered his thumb over his messenger, blood running thick and hot, his heart pounding, as he remembered what he and Sherlock had agreed, that they needed to stay apart for John's safety. John's blog post, and the fact that the two of them had worked together, had triggered the most recent activity in the network.
"Promise." Sherlock's voice was very quiet, a conspiratorial whisper.
"Yes."
"What are you doing here?" he asked.
The box contained cannoli. They ate it, leaning over the edges of their chairs so as not to spill powdered sugar down the fronts of their shirts. John got some all over his trousers anyway, and giggled as he brushed it off, the whole night too much. Sherlock handed him a glass with two fingers of scotch in it, and John found himself trapped by Sherlock's eyes on him once more.
Later that week, Mark sat back in his chair after dinner, after they'd gone over the most recent RSVPs from their guest list. "I think we're ready," he said. "Not much left to do now." He smiled at John. "At least, I'm ready."
John stood alone in the small room that they'd given him to dress in, a sort of sitting area off the vicar's office. He watched himself in a large bevelled mirror, willing himself to be steady. He’d already dressed in his suit trousers, shirt and tie.
John shrugged, feeling cold. "I'm not sure he's even going to be there. Greg never said. He doesn't go in for that sort of thing."
As they bundled into their coats, and John tied the blue scarf that was once Sherlock's around his neck, he imagined standing side by side with Sherlock at the wedding. Sherlock would probably love the cake, would most likely make some gruesome joke about the red colour staining the white frosting.
So there it was. The man had gone out into the alley for a fix, and then gotten an extra dose of something. If he'd learned anything about Mark, John knew very well that he was fully capable of drugging someone. It was definitely possible that he had killed the man.
"It has, yeah. A bit strange." As if he were closing a book and setting it aside so he could listen to someone trying to talk to him, he let go of the things he'd intended to say to Sherlock. They were still there, waiting for him to pick them up again. He took a deep breath. Somehow, Mrs. Hudson always managed to make even the most horrible of situations into something that seemed manageable.
, he corrected himself. Imagined.
He went around to the front garden, and mucked about in the Euonymus shrub that formed a border between the tiny front yard and the pavement. The fact that Sherlock had involved Mark, had enlisted his help, was just ugly. John wasn't a child. Of course he had objected to the idea of separating from Sherlock. He'd taken it hard. But he didn't deserve to be wrangled, to be told what to do. He crouched down, and placed the second camera in the join of two branches, using the tablet to check it. The winter greenery of the shrub hid the camera well enough, but didn't obscure the view of the pavement and street in front of the flat.
Sherlock hung the coat up on a rack, next to his own, his fingers lingering on the scarf, the familiar, beloved crease forming between his brows.
When he got home, he put his bike away in the shed, let himself in through the kitchen, then climbed the steps to the second floor, muscles played out, his skin soaked in a layer of good, healthy sweat. He peeled off his clothes, and stood in the shower for longer than he needed to, the hot water turning his skin bright red.
Everything was falling into place, he assured himself.
John smiled, sure that he was only managing a hideous grimace. He held out his hand. "Okay, husband, let's go thank our guests for coming."
Mark laughed. "That probably wouldn't be necessary. Not that I know anything about it, but it seems to me like the people we're talking about, if they do have an eye on you, they probably get in touch with you, rather than the other way around."
The whole thing had been over before it had even begun. And John had been an absolute fool, believing that Sherlock wanted him, believing that he'd taken John underground in order to seduce him.
"Good luck, brother." Harry squeezed past John, and went to take her seat in the front pew.
Violet nodded, and tapped the left side of his neck, just below the hairline. "Right here. Don't remove it. We need to be smart about this."
She stared at him. He could never hide things from her. She knew too much. She always had, her brain too busy, her perspective too broad. She saw right through him. He was certain of it.
He thought about writing more, imagined what he would write, if he could:
Sherlock came back to him, pulled a walkie talkie out of his pocket, and spent a few long seconds shouting instructions to someone on the other end, while John drifted. When it was over, Sherlock was stroking his hair, touching his face. "Stay with me, John. Stay awake. Just a few minutes more."
He tried to move, and found he couldn't. Tried to speak. Nothing.
Small had arranged to be at John's wedding, under the assumption that Sholto would be there. A call to Anika revealed that she had hired Small as part of a package deal, through the reception venue. He was going to be the photographer.
Sherlock's mouth twitched, a hint of a smile. "Not dead."
Mark was breathing fast now, barely coherent. "John, God, John."
The moment he set foot on the mossy ground, his socks were soaked. No matter: he rounded the corner, determined to see things through. The beekeeper turned to watch him, the white headgear, with its mesh mask, obscuring his face.
"Hi." John took his coat off and hung it up in the closet, watching as Mark leaned against the wall, hands tucked behind his back.
Restless, full of tentative excitement for the future, he moved to the sink, took a glass down from the cupboard, and turned on the faucet, waiting for the water to run fresh and cold.
"These other systems all have alarm functions. Meaning, if there's a problem at your home, a siren will go off." He pointed at a box on the shelf. "This one, for example, comes with a subscription to a security company that will come investigate any threat. But the one you've got there, it's silent, and the cameras are small, about the size of your thumbnail. Easy to hide. It's really good for tracking traffic in and out of the house. The software compiles statistics, too, so, for example, if someone is coming and going every Tuesday night at eleven, it will show that."
John pushed at Mark's hand, weakly. "India? Really?"
The two of them pretended to dance, and John glared a bit, then broke into a laugh. It was obvious, really. He and Sherlock were a couple. They always had been.
He took a deep breath, selected the first photo, and began.
She wasn't his mother, John realised. She was much better than his mother had ever been. As he rode home on the tube, his heart was full. He wasn't sure he deserved her, but he was very, very glad she was in his life.
"Sorry." Mark was still smiling.
"Oh, two-ish? You were dead to the world."
It would be Christmas in four days. John thought of Baker Street, and wondered if Sherlock would be putting out the fairy lights they'd used to decorate the flat, their one good Christmas together. He might have to go see for himself. Sherlock had been so funny, over the last three weeks, putting effort into the wedding, looking out for John, even though he hadn't once been in direct contact. It was such a backward way of showing that he cared, but John recognised it for what it was. He thought he did.
Sherlock paused in front of a maintenance entrance. He removed a small pry bar from his pocket, and opened the gate.
"Hey, Watson!"
He zipped the bag closed, and put it back in the cubby.
John took a deep breath, and let it out slowly, determined to see things through, to hold to the status quo until after the wedding.
. He imagined that the man himself would, at any moment, come down the hall from his bedroom, all loose pyjama bottoms and threadbare t-shirt and striped robe, hair tousled with sleep, needing food, and care, and John. Always John.
He stared at her, then drank—it was, indeed, plain water. He put the shot glass down on the bar. "Another," he told the bartender.
The lion's share of John's tension left him all at once. The words he'd been choking back left him, and he settled, the raw emotion of everything that had happened sinking down through his feet, leaving him empty, and calmer. "Neither of us," he agreed.
He fumbled for his phone, and opened it on the end of last night's conversation with Sherlock. He didn't know where Mark had actually gone. Fearing the worst, he'd stayed up texting Sherlock as late as he could, asking him question after question.
John shivered, his teeth chattering. He'd kept them out here too long. He was too full of thoughts of the past, too full of the need to justify his choices—the choice he was about to make—to a corpse. Still, for everything Sherlock had meant to him, he had to do this. He had to make things right.
After a few long moments, he stilled, the bubble of his anger broken. He pulled himself up off the floor. He turned on the tap, and splashed his face with cold water. He picked up his phone, and typed a response to Mark's message.
John stared at Mark, uncomprehending. Mark never called him
"What do you mean, happy?" he asked belatedly, as he wondered if he would ever touch anything good again.
His heart squeezed as he waited for Sherlock's reply, wondering if even now, he had figured it out, and was preparing to chase Mark through the streets, hiding his real activities from John again.
Sherlock's small gust of a laugh burst across the skin of John's neck. "No."
Violet Smith arranged for him to be interviewed privately, in hospital. John asked Sherlock to step out of the room while he spoke to three agents who asked him a series of questions, mostly uncomfortable, about how he and Mark had met, and John's degree of awareness about Mark's activities. Afterwards, Violet promised to keep both John and Sherlock informed about the plans for Mark's extradition to the United States, which, as it turned out, had even bigger claims against him than the United Kingdom.
"So don't," John told him, feeling as though he should be talking to himself, feeling like maybe he was. The mere presence of Sherlock, here in the same room with him, loaned him a clarity of purpose he'd been certain he'd lost.
"No—"
. "He's a scientist, sort of."
"Yeah. Sherlock."
John squinted at him. "You're probably right." He settled back down against Mark's chest, and took Mark's hand, slipping into habit, rather than let his mind wander to all the places it wanted to go. He wondered if he should panic, deny everything. Ask Mark if he'd told anyone about the cabbie. He chose redirection. "What about you, though?"
John made a noise of satisfaction. "Good night last night? You were out late." He couldn't recall Mark coming to bed.
Sherlock flushed. "Yes."
"It's old, actually, if you'll recall." John smiled at him. "Thought I would ride in today. Get a bit of exercise and air before work." It was another clear, bright day. Cool, but not too cold.
"I'm sure you're smart enough to put this together, but he thinks you're mad," Mark told John, in low, soothing tones. "He's been on this estate for years as caretaker. Quite a loner. Talks to nobody. Minds his own business. Keeps the pipes from freezing in winter. And I've just spent the morning telling him all about you, how you came back not quite right from the war. Might have mentioned a head injury. Paranoia. He thinks this is my work, private nursing. Looking after broken men."
He could never be that petty, even though he could already feel himself straining at the confines of time and circumstance.
It was high time for him to dig up the tablet he'd hidden under the flagstone outside, and see if he could find anything on the week's worth of photos the system had probably recorded. It was unlikely it had caught anything relevant, but at the very least, he could confirm that the cameras were still working, and recharge the tablet and battery, to keep it going for the next little while. If people were being murdered in the neighbourhood, he supposed it couldn't hurt.
He woke up three hours later, to the sound of the front door closing.
On Tuesday, he had a lunchtime appointment with Ella. He sat, and he spoke, in calm terms, about the fact that Sherlock was back. He described the scene at the restaurant. Told her about how hard it had been, how strange. How he'd managed his temper, managed to show Sherlock he cared, as best he could.
John blinked at Mark, trying to figure him out. He didn't seem upset, but then again, he was always lazy and sardonic after sex. John felt just the opposite, suddenly jolted all over again. "I don't know."
He'd waited for Sherlock, he realised. Some part of him had never given up on him. For two years, he'd mourned, and wanted him, and hoped. He had to stop waiting now. He couldn't wait any longer, to start living his life.
"So please, stop saying you're sorry. I forgive you. Of course I do. I could never be sorry you're back." John's heart burst open, and caught fire. "You're the most important person in the world to me. I love you. I love you."
"You need help, love?"
John smiled up at him. "Too bad about the watch, though."
Mark giggled. "I agree."
Sherlock was in his blood, in his heart. Sherlock, alive, and just across town. Sherlock, who had looked so crestfallen, devastated, as he'd looked at the ring box on the table, at the Landmark.
, the day after the bonfire. John had been in hospital that night. Mark had stayed by his bed, until John had told him to go home, but there would have been plenty of time for him to go out on his own.
"Are you all right, Doctor Watson? You're quite pale." Arthur Davies was studying him in the mirror, squinting at his reflection, as if he expected John to faint.
"Quite right," John said, laughing. "But Sherlock, how did you find me? They got rid of the tracking devices, changed cars."
A digital display on the bomb read 2:30. John's watch told him it was just past 3 pm. So not a clock. A countdown timer. It wasn't moving. Good. That was good. The bomb wasn't going to go off. Not in the next two and a half minutes, anyway. A call to bomb disposal, and it would be taken care of.
"Oh," she said, looking down into her mug. "That was supposed to be a secret." She looked over her shoulder, and leaned over the desk to whisper at him conspiratorially. "Don't tell him I let the cat out of the bag. He'll absolutely murder me."
"It's too bad. That was some of my finest work." Violet smiled. "The car, of course, has already been thoroughly bugged, but we have to bank on the idea that Mark will ditch it at the first opportunity. I suppose we'll have to get you set up with a device before you go."
But Sherlock seemed barely there, John's name on his lips, a whisper, a stammer, as he allowed himself to be held, as he held very still, and shook, and let John put his hands on him.
"Mrs. H." Mark squeezed John's hip. "I texted her a Merry Christmas. Neither of them are in. She's gone to see her sister, and he's off at some family do in the countryside. Won't be back for a couple of days."
"Burn the heart out of Sherlock. That was the game, wasn't it?"
"Sure?"
His phone pinged: a text alert. He pulled it out of his pocket.
As early as he reasonably could, he sent Mark a text, trying to suss out when he would be back.
It was all torchlight and moving through dank, disused passageways after that, following some inner map of Sherlock's. As they went, John's sense of the world shrank down, to just the two of them, and whatever small area the torchlight touched. They were far away from the upper world, far from everything that went on there, everything that had happened in the last six months. He had a sense that things were clicking into place, as he sank into the old, familiar feeling: the thrill of going wherever Sherlock took them; the blood pumping through his veins.
"Why Serbia?"
He wasn't just disappointed by Sherlock's rejection, he told himself, as he pushed aside the trailing limbs of ivy that covered the lattice at the back of the yard, and nestled a camera inside it. It was the way he'd shut John out, removed him, again, from participating in decisions that concerned him. It was the fake suicide plan all over again. The same exclusion. The same pain.
There'd been a time when John had been included in all of Sherlock's cases, and the aftermath. Clearly, Sherlock could get along without him. John had been retired, assigned an ordinary life.
. Mark wasn't a great reader. He only ever seemed to manage a page or two each night before he fell asleep, so his bookmark moved forward in tiny increments, and it took him forever to get through a single book, but he insisted on trying.
"Always."
"The two of us," John repeated. He paused before he offered a revision: "Not alone, though."
Perhaps he'd been wrong.
He dismounted, and walked his bike along a narrow path among the graves, thistles and blackberry canes tugging at the cuffs of his jeans. It appeared that the churchyard had been filled to capacity many years ago. The most recent headstone John could find, in polished black granite, was dated 1922. He closed his eyes, breathing in the cold, bright air. Sometime in the last hour, the wind had died down. Here, among the dead, he found a moment of stillness.
His shoulder ached, the muscle tight, the joint refusing to pop. He chewed his lower lip, remembering Sherlock's hands on him, dragging him to safety. He had a feeling like he was looking at freshly turned soil. Hopeful. Eager to see what would grow, even though he shouldn't be.
A reply came right away.
He took the ride into work at a good clip, his heart lighter than it should be, his body slipping comfortably into the ride. He pulled up to the clinic doors at 8:45. Once he was inside, he went directly to the space behind the break room, an oversized closet that held a coat rack, and a stack of cubby holes where the staff kept their belongings during their shifts. He wondered when he would see Mark, if he'd come in.
"All in good time, John."
John laughed. Well, Mark was many things, but he wasn't humble. He was quick in a crisis: he'd proven that at the clinic, many times. He was good when John was in his dumps. He knew how to treat John's body and, John hoped, he was very nearly certain, that he knew how to treat John's heart.
"So, since it's safe, since things seem to have settled down, I was wondering if I could join you on a case. It's been too long."
John took a deep breath, fighting the feeling that his life had slid out of control again, that everyone knew more than he did. She knew. Of course she did. She'd spoken with Mark. Or Sherlock had told her.
"I'll be fine. Don't worry." Mark kissed him on the cheek, and let him pass.
Sherlock began pacing the compartment.
, it said, along with a street address and a phone number. No email address. Old fashioned, John supposed.
Sherlock shot him a look of such fraught despair then, that it stopped John's words in his throat. John put down his scotch glass, and covered his mouth with his hand.
John took a deep breath. Perhaps Mark had been forced to improvise, if it had been him.
There he was, instantly recognisable: Mark, walking away from their flat at four in the morning, wearing a black jacket and black trousers, a combination he'd never favoured, at least not during daylight hours. His racquet bag was slung over his shoulder.
"He wasn't just another conspirator," John told him. "He was Mark's—he was Mark's. You must have read the file Lestrade had on him. Totally normal guy, who suddenly turned to a life of crime. I thought Mark had probably just blackmailed him." He looked to Violet, who studied him with what appeared to be balanced professionalism, as he remembered the many days he'd woken up in a drugged haze, and the way Mark had so easily manipulated him in the context of their relationship, always keeping him on the edge of uncertainty, keeping him feeling like he owed Mark more than he did. "That's not it, is it? It was more than extortion."
John's heart was pounding like a rabbit's, but he held out his hand. "Come here." His voice was steady. It held a note of command he hadn't used for a long while. Too long.
. He was, he realised, searingly angry. Well. There would be time, later, to deal with that, as well.
He only had time to watch Mark frown, before he lost consciousness.
John thought, with bitterness, of how weak he'd been, in the time of Sherlock's absence, believing that the game was over. He'd let his guard down, and had made himself into a ripe target. A fool. And Mark had played on that, appearing as if out of nowhere, as if he was a source of hope and goodness, helpful and warm and true. He'd slipped into John's life like a knife into butter, worked John open, worked the fact of his grief, his vulnerability. Found himself a quiet little corner to curl up in, and wait for Sherlock to come back, as efficient as any spider.
John studied Mark's face in profile, as he looked out the window. Neither of them had grown up in good, safe homes. They'd both had their fair share of misery. Mark had responded by developing a highly polished personality, getting by on charisma and charm. John had sought adventure, and danger, to make him feel like he mattered in the world.
Although John didn't know him. They'd never met. "Sounded like business."
Sherlock shone his torch up into the circle of the vent. "John."
John allowed himself to watch Sherlock for a moment, who shrugged at something Molly was saying, and picked at a strawberry on his plate. "Don't be. As it turns out, he has a bit of a thing for soldiers."
Unable to face Mark, he turned and looked out through the window, as George slowly tugged his beekeeper's mask back on over his head, and pulled on his glove. He seemed to be having trouble getting it on over his fingers. He raised his hand unnecessarily high, his index and middle fingers extended upward, as if he were making a peace sign. When the glove was on, he held his hand down by his side, bunched it into a fist, then opened it, and held it there, not quite making the sign for
. He settled, instead, on honesty. "Me too. I wanted you. I wanted this. And I loved you, I always did. I just couldn't see my way through."
"Fine, yeah."
"And he's just done something very suspicious indeed."
"Of course," Mark said, rubbing his back. "Anything you need."
John blinked awake in the darkened room, in the bed he shared with Mark, Mark's sure, steady hands on him.
"Gone?"
"I mean, they’re just so—ordinary."
"It is a tiny bit sexy."
Mark offered him a soft smile, his cheeks flushed red with the cold. "Tickles," he said, brushing his thumb over John's moustache.
Sherlock began to speak, eyes screwed shut. "John, I—"
"And please tell Mark thank you for the flowers," she called out after him.
John stepped aside to make room for him. Sherlock looked drawn, and sombre, as he signed, his signature a messy scrawl under John's small, neat handwriting. When he was done, he turned, and stuck out his hand for Mark to shake. He sighed, and nodded. "Congratulations," he mumbled.
"And you?" Anika turned to Mark.
"Perhaps."
As he kept an eye on the beekeeper, John ran through the things Violet Smith had told him and Sherlock, the night before: that they needed to track John to wherever Mark's group was gathering, that they needed to find that central location. Before he'd left just now, Mark had spoken about the
"Yes. I am sorry."
John was still drunk, his heart still clanging in his chest, as he lingered on the idea that Sherlock had meant to tell him he loved him. He'd been working himself up to something huge. That must have been it. It could hardly be anything else.
"Not that you've noticed."
John's entire nervous system was humming, his skin buzzing. He watched as Sherlock fumbled over the device under the floor, his fingers illuminated by its pink and blue light.
Flirting. Warmth bloomed in John's chest. Perhaps nothing was as bad as he'd thought. Not hopeless. Just difficult.
He was back, in Sherlock's world, back on Sherlock's glittering battlefield, where being put in a fire was simply part of the day to day. He started to laugh, and ended up coughing violently.
Mark shot him a look, as if reading his mind. "One more for you."
It was as clear a statement of intention as he'd expected Sherlock to make. Clearer. It was John himself that Sherlock was talking about.
He fought back a smile, wondering what he would find, if he could make it out to the bee box. "Well, that's the thing about Sherlock Holmes, Mark. The one thing you haven't learned, although you really should have by now. He'll always surprise you." John stood on the knife edge of hope, needing this to be over, knowing it would be, one way or another, very soon.
"All right," he said, swallowing hard against everything he was feeling. He set his foot on the bottom stair, and slowly, began to climb.
"But someone knows that you weren't at your own party, and that I wasn't either, and now a man is dead. We must separate. The safest place for you is home."
He leaned in, and kissed Mark on the cheek, and on the corner of the mouth. "I meant every word," he whispered.
John blinked at her. Mark hadn't mentioned a movie. Just drinks at the pub, and Jill's place, after.  He covered his surprise by fussing with his mug, reaching for a spoon, and giving his tea an unnecessary stir. "Late one?"
"I didn't know what to do. I didn't have Sherlock's number, so I headed over to Baker Street. I hoped you were there, and maybe you just hadn't checked your phone, and we would all have a laugh about it, and then I would leave you to it. Honestly I didn't think I could be right. I was mostly concerned that Sherlock would think I was some sort of lunatic obsessive boyfriend, following you all over town."
John was growing increasingly agitated with the drift of the conversation.
John was too tired to resist. "All right," he said, weakly. "A quick goodbye, and then please, take me home."
His very name gave John hope. A new focus. Sherlock would be at the party. He had to be.
"I think that one fancies you."
John was all too aware that Sherlock was nowhere to be seen, and that no one else knew what was going on, except for Harry. He would be alone, if things were about to go sideways. He was taking too long to answer. He cleared his throat. "Okay. Excuse us, everybody."
John hadn't been ready for Sherlock to come in like this, he realised, all long silences and long looks and small, significant gestures. He shook his head to clear it. He supposed he had to get used to Sherlock again, to the fact that he'd never been prepared for him, and probably never would be. And quickly, because he had things to say.
Mark smiled. "That's one way to put it. Just a little group of us, well, used to be a bigger group, decided to go after Sherlock when he came back. Make a game of it. Ruin him for detective work. Seemed obvious enough, to target you. You were the only thing he cared about."
She nodded, and made notes. "And the fact that he's back?"
John studied Mark's face for the trace of a lie. He couldn't find any reason to disbelieve him.
"I was."
After Sherlock debriefed the bomb squad, a pair of police officers escorted him and John back toward the surface. They moved through the maintenance tunnels in silence, illuminated by the sickly metallic light of the large torches the officers carried. All the magic had fled, from the dark, from the depths.
He raised his gun an inch, channelled all of his remaining strength into his hand and wrist, aimed at Mark's foot, and pulled the trigger.
John took a step toward Mark, and another, then closed the space between them. "I'm going with you. That's going to have to be good enough."
His performance would have to be flawless. So would Sherlock's.
Before he lost his nerve, he hit the
John managed to get halfway to his feet before Mark noticed, and let go of Sherlock—thank Christ—and came running over.
Mark's nod and smile suggested he had a better handle on the conversational undercurrent than John did. "Hard to tell what he goes in for, isn't it?"
He made his excuses, and left.
He was aware, dimly, that he was more than a bit far gone. It was okay, an inner voice told him. It was all part of the plan.
"It's all right for me to be here?" He meant it in as many ways as possible. "Mark said you told him it's probably safe now."
In the meantime, he would work to understand. He would watch Mark carefully, to try to catch him out, to discover the nature of the web he was connected to. It wasn't enough to stop Mark himself. He needed to understand the rest of the network, if he and Sherlock were ever going to sort things through, and be safe, and be together, or at least, have a chance.
Sherlock's responses had run to the monosyllabic:
Mark paused on the threshold, his smile turning, briefly, into a frown, as if he were running through some dense mental calculation. After a long moment, during which John cursed himself soundly for giving the game away before it had even begun, Mark took a further step into the office, and closed the door.
John moved his hand up Mark's chest, and ran his thumb over Mark's lower lip. He was buzzing all over, a mix of rage and arousal driving his determination to push the interrogation as far as he could. "I was your assignment, in the beginning."
"All right."
Mark took a step back. "Fine. No need to touch you. I won't, until you want me to."
Sherlock lingered by the doorway, watching John, his brow furrowed. His eyes locked on John's mouth for a long, aching moment, then scanned lower, taking in John's clothes, then moving down to his shoes.
The ring box sat in the centre of the table like an accusation. John picked it up and tucked it back into his jacket pocket. Sherlock's eyes tracked his movements, and, although John would not have guessed it was possible, more colour drained from his cheeks.
"That's why they weren't at the funeral."
It was fine. Everything could carry on now, like it should have done, in the first place. John should just be grateful, he supposed, that his stupid fantasies hadn't ruined everything.
"And I met your—"
John felt himself flush, with the wine, and with a sudden urge to speak, to justify himself, explain. Mark. The ring. The entire contents of his heart. How he didn't know, in this moment, whether he wanted to knock Sherlock to the floor and strangle him, or gather him into his arms, hold him tight, and never let him go.
The real point was dealing with the threat to his safety. The remainder of Moriarty's network were the type to gather information and plan, before they struck. He needed something that recorded all activity, so he could analyse it himself. He wanted to see the patterns. "I mainly wanted it so I could know what's going on outside the flat normally, if that makes sense. Sort of a neighbourhood watch idea."
"Because you and I are going to save London, and today, I'd like them to know about it."
The couple watched Sherlock carefully, as if he were about to make a crucial move in a high stakes game of chess.
Inside, he found a tiny, beautifully appointed shop, with windows covered in thick red velvet blackout curtains, and a row of mirrors at the back. Standing and waiting for him was a man who appeared to be approximately two hundred years old, dressed impeccably in grey trousers, white shirt, and waistcoat.
"Oi," Mark said, poking him with his elbow. "You okay?"
The two of them walked toward the edge of some woods, where Gabriel directed John to a narrow path of hard-packed dirt that moved off among the trees. "Follow this, Sir."
He typed his response with gritted teeth. If Mark needed him to be besotted, and blind, that's what he would be.
John flushed. "No." His eyes lingered on Sherlock, and he held out his hand for Sherlock to shake.
The truth, that he'd committed murder tonight, hung between the two of them, not a dare, but ripe fruit, ready for the picking. Mark wasn't fighting John. On the contrary, he'd started to breathe a bit more heavily. John eased closer still, pressing his leg into Mark's groin, growling in his ear.
"Boo!" Allie said.
Back in the flat, Mark made scrambled eggs and toast. He brought the food into the sitting room on mismatched plates.
Sherlock and Bainbridge caught up to them, breathless.
Mr. Holmes stepped forward, and said in hushed tones, "Ring up more often, won't you?"
"And the network? Any ideas?"
As he stepped into the coat room, John's eye caught on the black racquet bag, still in its cubby. He watched it for a long moment, knowing that he shouldn't need another piece of proof against Mark, but wanting to see, just the same, wanting to know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that he was right. He cleared his throat, cast a final glance at the empty break room, and took the bag out.
"Day after tomorrow, John, I'm going to take you away from all this. You won't be sorry you chose me."
"You can expect it to be pretty quiet up there, Sir," the officer told John, as if sensing that he needed reassurance. He carried on talking, telling John that a few members of the press had been informed. Reliable, experienced reporters, from respectable papers and magazines. They were waiting for John and Sherlock, wanting to interview them.
John took the kit out of the bag, and read the instructions for setting it up. He set each of the three cameras out on the table, their small lenses pointing at the sky. The feeds to the tablet worked right away. The camera John picked from the menu showed the bare branches of the plane tree that hung over the fence from the yard next door. He checked each camera in turn. Very good. All he had to do was decide where to place them.
John nodded, dense emotion rising to the surface. His chest was tight; his throat, constricted. A few hot tears gathered in the corners of his eyes. He took the tissue Ella offered, and wiped at his face.
"It's okay, Watson. No one can hear a thing over this music."
He frowned down at the phone, struggling to understand what she meant, when he remembered: stag night.
, at wedding plans and small favours.
"Read the back, Sir," she told him.
John could hardly believe he was finally safe, finally in Sherlock's arms. "Can't argue with that."
John waited to see Sherlock. He waited for ten days.
John knew he was beaming. "Seriously, Sherlock, he really is dangerous. We need to make sure we don't tip him off. He might run, or worse."
"The famous John Watson."
"This is all part of a plan, some legacy of Jim Moriarty's."
John's heart was ready to burst out of his chest, pride and love mingling in him as he typed a response.
Mark moved in, for real, immediately after. The two of them took Mark's car to work together, most days. John put his bike away in the tool shed, in the tiny backyard behind the flat. He gained six and a half pounds.
Mark's voice had grown louder as he'd spoken, allowing John to take up the position he'd wanted. He was well hidden, but the cover was too heavy. He would have to stand to take the shot. He took a long, slow, deep breath. He was ready.
Mark smiled. "No, I’m good with water, thanks."
They ate in front of the telly, while John channel surfed, and Mark flipped through messages on his phone. They knocked off to bed by ten thirty, John curled on the edge of his side of the bed, Mark sprawling on his. John stared into the dark, wide awake for the first half hour, believing that he would never sleep, and in the end, dropping off anyway, his body pulling him down into the depths.
Mark nodded. "I'm no idiot, John. I know you need incentive. Marry me and you get the information. Marry me, and Sherlock lives. As long as he can on his own, anyway. You know he's no different from that junkie in the alley. Most of the way to dead already."
By the third month in, by the time he'd come to terms with the fact that he was beginning to feel the stirrings of desire for Mark, John had also begun to understand that there was something more between them, that he cared for Mark, and that Mark cared for him.
Sherlock wanted to erase the past. John understood now, because he'd figured it out, that the whole idea of the network trying to get to Sherlock by attacking John was based in the most painful of the old rumours that had surrounded them. That they were a couple. That they belonged to each other. That John was Sherlock's heart. That was what Sherlock wanted to deny. Because he didn't feel things that way.
"Shall we?" Mark said. "I'd like to chat to you a bit before the dancing starts. Somewhere quiet." He wore the same confident look he always did, as if he were constantly on the verge of saying
For a long moment, John was certain he was going to vomit. His belly was full of wine and an aching need to speak to the ghost standing behind Mark—the ghost Mark stared at now, his eyes running up and down, checking him out, sizing him up.
John's reaction, taking only a fraction of a second, was born of burnt nerve endings, of the taut-wire hardness of a spirit that had always been at war. He was down. By any reasonable account, he should be done. But he still had fight in him.
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly as he waited for Sherlock's response, his mind flying through the events of yesterday. He'd been prepared, after the last few weeks, to believe that Sherlock had simply been paranoid about the threat to John's life. Imagined that maybe the bonfire was a one-off, a last hurrah for Moriarty's network as it finally died.
Mark stood in the middle of the office, hands clasped in front of him as if he were coming over shy. It didn't look right, somehow. More calculating than adorable.
His eyes fluttered shut, against the dust, against the rising wave of nostalgia and longing, for everything that could have been. He allowed himself a final, irrational prayer:
"What?"
—that seemed normal and human too, just another part of Mark's history, just another story full of humour and grace.
"Johnny boy!" Harry opened her arms as he approached. "Come and have a drink. Celebrate." She was already slurring her words. "Two more," she told the bartender.
"My friend Cath."
, came a text at eleven fifteen p.m., just as John was thinking about the fact that he had work in the morning, and wondering if he should try to sleep.
"Well, someone had to talk to him. One of us had to know what was going on. You weren't, so what was he supposed to do? What was I supposed to do?"
John made it ten steps before Mark's white van drove out of the trees at the far end of the field. He stared at the beekeeper, mouth open. He couldn't pretend that he hadn't seen him, that he hadn't come outside. He was in plain view of the van. He wondered, desperately, if he could rush over to the man, say a few words, get a message out, somehow, but—God, he was in danger. They both were. If the man really was just someone working the estate, John would only draw attention to him, maybe implicate him unfairly in whatever punishment Mark wanted to dole out.
"Hello." John's voice came out rough, more of a croak than a greeting.
Mark's eyes opened, and he bit his lower lip. "You've really been paying attention."
Tom wanted Mark to invest in was getting back together, but, as far as Mark had described the situation, the breakup had been messy, and Mark wanted nothing to do with him.
Mark replied.
Outside, in the dark, a flickering light burst into life. Fire. A torch.
There were no more decisions to make, and there were no consequences, here. It didn't matter if Mark was waiting for him, on the surface, because John was never going back to the flat they shared. Not if Sherlock wanted him.
In the shower, he stood with his head under the water, and only then allowed his body to shake, and a few strangled sobs to come out, the memory of the long days and longer nights he'd spent wishing for Sherlock washing through him, along with wave after wave of relief.
Disappointment oozed through his belly. Mark. Not Sherlock.
He didn't even know the man's name.
Mark laughed. "Good to see you too!" He reached for John, pulling him into a warm hug, and kissed him on the cheek. A flash went off. John eyed the gathered members of the press. One of them took another couple of pictures of him and Mark. Sherlock cast a glance in their direction, as he spoke to a reporter, his gaze sharp. He still looked pale. He watched John impassively for a moment, while Mark slid his arm around John's waist.
John is quite a Guy.
Excited didn't cover it, couldn't begin to. John thought for a long moment before sending a response.
In the early days of their relationship, John had seen Mark's behaviour toward Tom as generosity. He'd seen all of Mark's behaviour as generosity.
"Oh."
Mark grinned at him. "He's never told you, has he, the havoc he wreaked while he was on the continent. So much damage. So many criminal organisations taken down, from the outside, from the inside. He was an absolute beast while he was over there. Took the entire government of Serbia to stop him. We knew he couldn't stay away from London forever, but we couldn't have him coming here and going after us, too. We were precisely the kind of loose association he was targeting."
John chuckled, shook his head. He was terrible at lying, so he told half the truth. "Nothing. Just—I suppose there's something I want to talk to you about. Ask you."
"You going to see him tonight?"
John put his phone on silent mode, then slipped it back into his jacket pocket, wondering how the extra drug had gotten into the man's system. He pictured Mark, wandering into the alley behind the pub, pictured him flirting, offering a drink of something, or palming a needle that he'd discarded elsewhere after using it. No one—maybe not even Sherlock—would be able to prove anything on the basis of one more puncture on a junkie's arm.
John was still smiling as Sherlock worked on opening the files.
He tested each placement of his foot for dry sticks and leaves, desperate not to lose the advantage of surprise, as he edged closer. A few more steps, and the voices clarified, and he could make out words, Sherlock's words, spoken in the tone of light disdain he reserved for people he had bested.
John suppressed a shiver. He'd never guessed Mark had been involved from the beginning. He supposed it made sense, given his facility with a gun, and his apparent inside knowledge of Moriarty's plans. "You were one of the snipers."
The idea of Mark leaving, now that John had finally arrived at
The nurses laughed, and Allie raised her glass, a tumbler filled with ice and something pink. "Cheers to that!" She took a sip. "Hey, married men, I don't see the two of you drinking. What's going on with that?"
"Hm?"
"It is what it is, yeah? And what it is, is shit." John pulled his arm out of Mark's grasp. He stumbled a bit, and put his hand out, steadying himself against the florist's doorframe. A woman stared at them through the shop window. John stared back until she turned away. "I hate this."
He stared at the words. He'd earned the right to be honest. He didn't owe an explanation to anyone, but he owed himself that clarity. He'd hesitated when he'd written the post last night, he realised, because he'd never said it aloud, or written it in a public venue. He'd never even said it to Sherlock, not even when Sherlock had asked about Mark, not even through the difficult conversation of yesterday. It did matter, though. It was who he was. It was time to own it.
"No news then?"
Monday, John's first thought upon waking was that Sherlock had drawn that small, black moustache on at the Landmark to make fun of him. He touched his upper lip, running his fingers over the bristles of his own moustache, and laughed up at the bedroom ceiling, while he listened to the gurgle of the coffee maker, the morning sounds of Mark, who always seemed to rise before him, puttering around the kitchen.
He inhaled sharply, grasping at any half-formed rational thought he could.
A young man—sharp-faced, handsome—watched him from a nearby bench, illuminated by yellow lamplight. John wondered if he was looking to sell some drugs, or, perhaps, to pull. John raised his water bottle, and took a deep drink, then wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, staring openly, until the man looked away.
Out in the hallway, Harry stood in a pale blue dress, cut to follow the curves of her hips. She'd eschewed heels for practical flats John knew she would dance in if she had the chance, and pinned her hair up, Watsonian pale blond, shot through with hints of silver, just like John's. Her expressive eyes, the same shape and colour as his, moved between Sherlock and John, as her eyebrows shot up.
Harry, in the meantime, had made a long, elaborate show of dividing her time between the bar and the dance. Currently, she was occupying the centre of the floor, dancing furiously to a loud, aggressive track that John didn't recognise at all, but which the nurses seemed to be excited about.
"Like quite a catch."
John was struck, forcefully, by the sense that he was watching a small, personal tragedy unfold before his eyes. He knew, because of course he did, how difficult things must have been for Sherlock, how John's behaviour had probably spun him. As Sherlock moved restlessly, and continued to talk about how he couldn't seem to get anywhere, that all the answers led to conclusions that couldn't possibly be right, the last, thin layer of John's hope that somehow Sherlock had weathered all of it tore away, like wet tissue paper. Sherlock wasn't okay. His face contorted into the same mask of misery he'd worn on the train carriage, and after.
Sherlock leaned in, and kissed John on the cheek, the touch of his lips light, lingering.
Whatever she'd heard would almost certainly be inaccurate. There was no way Mark would have told anyone the truth.
John stared at the screen, a minor note of relief creeping in.
Relief flooded through him as the wooden pallets and branches were pulled aside, and sweet, pure, cold night air poured over him. He tried to move; found he couldn't, not yet. It was all right though, because Sherlock's hands gripped him under his shoulders, and dragged him from the fire.
A few feet away, Mark's screams turned to loud groans.
He imagined that he and Mark would be, for tonight, at least, in a holding pattern of sorts, a domestic stalemate, each of them invested in maintaining the illusion that everything was okay.
John shook his head as pushed his plate aside. His hands were steady, thank Christ. "You've never had a schedule."
Mark's eyes were steady, the curve of his mouth, soft. John sighed. Mark was dependable. Good to him. Good for him. He'd gotten carried away, down in the tunnel with Sherlock. Carried away by his own ideas, by the weight of the last two years, and the time before that.
"Oh my God, it's you," Mark said, his voice coming to John as if through thick layers of cotton.
John's heart sang in his chest. He fought back a smile. "What's that?"
He went back downstairs and left his pack by the kitchen door, poured coffee, and sipped it, burning his tongue, as he stared out into the back garden, and wondered if anything would ever be right again. A robin hopped across the flagstones in the yard, its red breast bright against the tired grey and green of the winter plants.
"Absolutely." William was still smiling and blushing.
"Sure." If he were honest, he desperately wanted the time alone. More time to think. Or to stop thinking.
He fastened his suspenders, then shrugged into the vest. As he did up the buttons, he took a moment to run his thumb over the burnished surface of the watch Sherlock had given him. He had no idea what the rest of the day would hold, but he was holding Sherlock in his heart. He supposed he was restless as any groom should be, waiting for the moment he could share everything with the one he loved. Any minute now.
"I could do it, though."
"Why do you think I know what to do?"
One night, the two of them went out for drinks with the nurses, sort of an impromptu engagement party, after work. Mark was positively sparkling, enjoying showing off for them, making even John laugh with his stories about his misspent youth, his time in foster care, and the year he'd spent in America as a teenager. At one point, he went to the bar to get them drinks, and when John turned to look for him, a few moments later, he saw him with his phone to his ear, talking rapidly into it, his expression serious.
Anika studied her computer screen, clicked through a few options, then picked up the phone. Ten minutes later, she'd booked a small venue for the wedding and reception just after the new year, on January 4
sighing out of him.
George reached John first, and shook his hand. He was also a doctor, in surgical practice somewhere in Sussex. He'd sent John a postcard or two, pictures of white cliffs, and charming cottages. Even during the war, he'd always been quiet and reliable. He smiled at John, his brown eyes gentle. "Congratulations. Really nice to see you doing so well."
, he gave a nod toward Mark.
"John?" Sherlock's arm was around John's waist, as his legs went out from under him. Sherlock stood, and helped him into the desk chair, where he slumped, and laughed. The whole thing was hilarious, all of a sudden.
Across from him, Sherlock sat, looking downcast, pushing the last of his cake across his plate. Cath, who had spent the first course trying to talk to Sherlock, had given up, apparently, and turned her attention on Harry, who was openly flirting, running her finger around the rim of her water glass, eyes bright. John supposed he couldn't blame her. Cath was very pretty, in her lilac dress, with her dark hair spilling down her shoulders in curls.
The nurses followed, Cath included, as John stumbled after Mark, pretending to be a bit drunk.
Work on Friday was a parody of itself. John barely registered the names or complaints of any of his patients. He and Mark seemed to circle each other throughout the day, like feral animals, not quite in each others' orbit, but watching each other closely. Mark seemed more sure of himself than ever, grinning conspiratorially, whenever he caught John watching him.
The next two texts hit him with a heavy pang of guilt.
"Must be."
"So go ask him, John. Don't wait any longer." Her voice was pleading. Only Mrs. Hudson could get away with playing on his feelings of obligation, without setting him off. "You know how he is. He's always relied on you to set the tone." She reached out and held his elbow, her expression earnest.
Still.
"Nothing too dramatic. Just planning to leave early. I have a member of the press who will take photos of me arriving back at Baker Street. I'll say something about not liking weddings, and you being off on your own adventures now, and not needing me. Reinforce the distance. Should do the trick to set things back to where they were a few weeks ago."
By the time Mark returned home, all flushed and warm from his workout, John had coffee on, and was just putting buttered toast out on the table.
"Fine. I brought my suit with me, so I'll meet you there."
John looked at it, and laughed a little at the elaborate plans for his own wedding, occupying the space Sherlock usually reserved for the thornier of his cases. It was his life. And a crime.
Below, in very small handwriting, barely legible through an attempt to scribble it out:
Mark grinned. "You can count on it."
Mark himself had served that purpose. His presence in John's life had meant a hard limit on everything John and Sherlock could be to each other. Mark had appeared to offer John everything Sherlock couldn't: a normal life, marriage, stability.
Mark smiled. "Good old Jim. He really knew how to hold a grudge."
John sobered long enough to get his next sentence out, straightening himself up, and managing to sound self important. "Well, I can be very convincing, as it turns out."
John scrubbed at his face, something small and warm crumpling inside him. Sherlock should never have been made to feel like he was second.
John took another step forward. "They attacked me, though, not you."
Mark shook his head, his smile feral, a belly laugh rumbling up through him.
"It says here that it also pushes notifications to a device, if something unusual happens?"
Mark replied.
"Since you've chosen to skip rehearsal," Anika had told them, full judgement in her eyes as she paused for just a bit too long before continuing, "the ceremony itself will be simple. No walk down the aisle, just John coming from this side of the altar—" she gestured to a door on the right— "and Mark coming in from the other side. Best man and best woman will be waiting here with the vicar, and you'll join hands, and carry on from there. As far as I know, there will be no would be assassins on staff, so the reception should come off without a hitch. Dinner, drinking, dancing, and done. Any questions?"
"The way he's always on the phone, texting or talking. I mean, who talks on the phone any more? Besides him? We ride him about it all the time at the clinic. Doesn't interfere with his work, but still, every spare minute!" She shook her head.
John stared at him, his heart expanding, surprised that he had won the argument so easily. "All right. Yes. Anything you want." He took a step toward the wall, looking at the items taped up on it more closely, as Sherlock ran his fingers over one of the old maps, glancing between it, and some file he'd pulled up on his phone.
A huge device, four-chambered, like a heart, sat under the floor. John's breath caught. They were in serious trouble. More than he could have wished for.
"Hey!" John said. He tried to wander over to them, but there was a hand on his arm, surprisingly strong, holding him back.
"But there are ways you could have been in touch. No one had to know. Burner phones, carrier pigeon, I don't know."
Pausing at the bottom of the stairs, John closed his eyes, waiting for the tune to finish, each note setting off a sympathetic song in his heart, his blood:
"I believe you," Violet said. "I really do. But you can see why Mark would try it anyway. John would be the jewel in the crown of his career: making a new nemesis for you, turning the one man you love most against you."
It was just coming on to four a.m. when the camera above the front door had taken a picture. The view showed the back of a man's head, with pale, close-cropped hair, moving away from the door. A second photo showed him just inside the front gate, reaching for the latch. Preparing to let himself out.
As he stood at the counter, the sky darkened with clouds, and the snow began to fall thicker and faster. Mark opened the fridge, and pulled out ingredients for an early dinner, and all at once John understood something he hadn't before. No matter how reliable his life with Mark was, John couldn't rely on himself while he was in it. It wasn't what he needed, so he would always want to work against it.
"Sure you don't want to stay and chat for a bit?"
When he picked up his phone again, he saw that Sherlock had sent links to three articles about a recent spate of homicides throughout London. John remembered seeing something about them on the news, but he'd been distracted, too far gone on his own personal drama to keep track. He scanned the articles, looking for patterns, for the sort of thing Sherlock would look for.
An answer came back right away:
John makes an investment in his future.
John stared at William. He was young, and adorable. A wish bubbled to the surface of John's awareness, earnest and sweet, that he and Sherlock had met when the two of them were younger, before time and circumstance ruined them both. "I see."
"No. Although he is now," Sherlock said, his gaze shifting to the candle on the table. "Happily married, actually."
"Good. That's good. There's one more thing you can do," he said. "One thing I need you to do, Sherlock."
John stepped forward, and placed his hand on the cold, smooth stone.
John squeezed Mark's cock, briefly speeding the movement of his hand, then growing still again. "Who's that?" he whispered, his voice harsh against Mark's ear. "Last I heard you don't have a family."
John had put the phone down, afraid he was going to break, and tell Sherlock everything.
Mark rubbed his back. "What's funny?"
John didn't have any lingering doubts about Sherlock, about whether he was cold, or uncaring, or dispassionate, about whether he didn't really want to get involved, or if he secretly loathed romantic entanglement, or the entanglement of limbs, but if he had, they would have been dispelled by the look of concentration on Sherlock's face as he climbed out of John's lap to kneel beside him on the bed, as he undid John's trousers, by the soft smile that touched his lips as he looked back up at John's face, before he pulled the trousers down, along with John's pants, and by the blush that came over his cheeks as he negotiated his way around John's cock, carefully lifting John's wounded leg, being careful not to pull the bandage off, or shift it, as he undressed him. Any trace of concern would have been completely erased by the way Sherlock paused over the spot of blood that had seeped through the dressing, by the way he caressed it lightly with his thumb, and bent down to kiss John's thigh, the good one, and bury his face against John's root, rubbing his cheek against John, as John broke the silence to whisper, "Oh God, oh Christ."
Mark's comment of the night before sat uncomfortably with him:
As John took another step, he recognised an older photo of himself, and one of Mark. The sketch closest to him was a layout plan, familiar because he'd spent the better part of two evenings studying it: the reception hall.
Mark threw back his head and gasped, as John pumped his hand, and then slowed it again. "More than you know."
Unprecedented.
"Yes."
He picked it up and studied it.
Sherlock looked down at it, eyebrow raised, although he kept his voice gentle. "Pre-wedding jitters. Perfectly normal."
A hell of a lot more than his usual eight or nine, fifty percent of which were almost always from Sherlock. He scrolled through them as he sat down, reading as quickly as he could.
Sherlock had said the killings meant there were factions within the network, some kind of internal dispute.  John could see that there were two plans at play, two plans that conflicted with each other: one, to torture Sherlock with the fact that John could be eliminated at any time, and to kill him. The other, to marry John to someone else. To break Sherlock's heart in slow, small increments.
"Bit of a trip planned for tonight, John. I'm going to ask you to get in the car."
"So you understand, we must be very careful," Sherlock said.
The honeymoon, though, was a sticking point. Mark had promised he would arrange everything, then refused to tell John where they were going. That had angered John, too, at the time, although he hadn't been able to own it, or to explain it to himself. "And you told him what, exactly?"
sounds were hard, her vowels all short in a way that suddenly struck John as wildly funny. "Your accent," he told her, as a fit of giggles overcame him. "You were pretty English at the clinic. Nice work, Agent Smith."
John let Sherlock go, slowly, carefully. If he lingered any longer, all his accusations, and all his confessions might come spilling out, and there were people here, there was a whole restaurant full of people. There would be time for confessions, later, if he needed to make them. Whatever they were.
He'd stormed out, telling Sherlock that
Instead, his body softened as soon as he was tucked under the cotton sheets, total exhaustion pressing him down into sleep immediately.
"I left so I could go take down Moriarty's network. Clearly I failed. It's still operating."
"Yes."
Mark studied John, head tilted. "When do you want to?" There were dark circles under his eyes, but they were sparkling, happy. The last little while had taken its toll.
He ran his hand over Mark's hip, taking in Mark's lazy smile, the easy proximity of their warm bodies. He allowed himself to slip into old habit. It was easier than thinking, easier than remembering the events of the day before. "Morning. Missed you last night."
When he came back to conscious awareness, it was to the sensation of lying on cold, hard ground, and feeling frozen to the core. He tried to move, and couldn't. Whatever drug he'd been given was still in his system, some combination of a heavy sedative and a paralytic.
To John's surprise, Mark stood, and took the stairs that led up to the loos at a run, shooting John an exaggerated look as he reached the top, mock horror at having to take a phone call at all.
The answer came back right away.
"Seems like a lot of trouble when you could have just killed me in the first place."
He laughed. "Well. Lots of history there. You're going to love working on him. Yes. I'll be there in ten, say hello. Want to be back by the time he's stirring."
John sat back in his chair, his chest squeezing painfully. "Oh. Oh right."
"We both have to go back," Sherlock said. "I have to turn up long enough to make my sad exit."
The tender, open feeling, that everything he'd felt for Sherlock was right, and true, was worth everything John could give, every sacrifice. If he truly wanted Sherlock, he would have to give him space, and time, and care. He would have to make up his mind, and do things the right way, the way people did when they were in control of their lives. Definitively. With compassion, if he could manage it.
Now he'd been shattered, his whole life ground down into sand. It only made him all the more determined to fix it, to earn the right to be happy. The trouble he was in was all his fault in the first place. It was his weakness that had allowed Mark into his life, into Sherlock's. He would do anything to correct it. He would kill again, if he had to.
He returned to the back garden and used his index finger to stab at the menus on the tablet. The program to track incidents of movement in the cameras' fields was already running. He set the tablet the way that William the clerk had shown him, for the lowest level of battery consumption, then plugged it into the large, fully charged power bank he'd also purchased. William had claimed that the extra battery power would keep the tablet going for at least a week, even if it was left out in the cold. To his credit, he hadn't asked John why he wanted this particular setup.
The park where the body had been discovered was to the east of the flat, in the direction Mark had travelled.
John shook his head. "Why should he be surprised, exactly? I haven't been pretending I was dead."
"Don't know how you stand it," Jill said, leaning in to talk to John.
"All right. Sounds good to me. Want a lift home?"
The lilies looked like something Mrs. Hudson would bring. The mix could have been Greg Lestrade's—a corner store purchase, hastily made, on his way here. Or maybe they were from some member of the homeless network, who'd had a sudden windfall, or a lucky day shoplifting.
"He saved you," Sherlock said, taking another step back. "You said he saved you." He nodded, as if confirming some conclusion he'd reached.
Sherlock sat up in his chair. Restless. He was always so restless. "Serbia."
"This is different."
William watched him carefully for a moment. "Bit of a shame, that."
"Busy?" he asked.
Dizzy with hope, unable to settle down, he wandered into the kitchen, where Mark's note sat on the table, looking like an invitation to reconsider everything they'd been to each other. John picked it up and read it again, his whole nervous system jangling, impatient.
Mark opened the box, and took out the ring. He smiled as he slipped it onto his own finger, and held up his hand. "It fits."
"Can you say what it is?"
"Do they?" John looked the man up and down. "Sorry, who are you?"
His eyes were closed, his lips still parted. He didn't move, didn't speak.
Sherlock took a step back. His face was pale. "Forgive me, John." He didn't say for what—for the trick with the bomb, for the lies, for the pain. For all of it, maybe.
He was in fine antisocial form. John had never been more in love with him.
Sherlock, however, turned away, and stepped back from the door, bouncing a little on the balls of his feet, as he moved into the interior of the greenhouse.
"I don't want you to die, John." His voice rasped in the empty train carriage, in the absolute silence of the abandoned tunnel.
John looked at the faint, familiar lines at the corner of Mark's eyes, the silver hair at his temples. "That's funny. I feel like you never do anything else."
When he let himself inside, he found a note from Mark on the kitchen table.
John watched the line of Sherlock's back, like he so often had, in the old days. "What? Of course you should."
Mark took the ring from Cath, and slipped it onto John's finger. He looked into John's eyes, all anticipation.
"Greg. Lestrade."
Sherlock hadn't commented again. John could only imagine what he must be thinking. What he must be feeling.
"Yeah, I know, but—what is this place?"
A slow sense that he'd missed something rolled along John's spine. He got to his feet, and wavered on them. He really was most of the way to drunk. "What?"
, painted on it in gold letters.
"Oh, no. It's already taken care of."
"Scared me a bit," Mark murmured, sounding not scared at all, as their friends took their seats and waited for the ceremony to begin. He lost nothing of the charming smile he wore so often, and so easily. "Bit of a delay getting out here, yeah?"
"You be careful, all right?" Mark murmured, in John's ear.
"Well Jim didn't make us what we are. Sherlock did."
"I know." Mark smiled, and waited outside John's closed door while John changed.
Sherlock frowned down at the carpet, eyebrows raised, considering. "Yes," he said, as if agreeing that the weather had turned bad. "It's frustrating. No clear answers, no resolution."
A sharp pang of regret rose to the surface, over what John couldn't have, along with a harsh clang of bitter sadness. He attempted to rearrange his face, into some shape that was appropriate for the present moment. "So? What do you say?"
He sniffed, and shifted. Sherlock's gravestone sat, a bland listener, with a blank look. It gave him nothing, and it asked for nothing. A very poor substitute for Sherlock.
And yet, it
"Well. Wouldn't want to set tradition aside altogether."
He'd never been someone's assignment before. Not as far as he knew. His anger flared, deep and vicious, and he laughed, and shook his head. He fetched milk from the fridge, and added some to his tea mug, stirred sugar into it, and drank the entire thing in four or five gulps. He wondered if he should be flattered. He wondered if he should have known.
Walking beside Sherlock, as they moved through the brightly lit corridors of Westminster Station, being out on a case with him again, was exactly everything John remembered, and more. John's heart was light, in inverse proportion to the gravity of the situation, as it always used to be. The fraught, tight music of adrenaline played in his blood, while the deeper, heavier song of desire ran beneath it. The fact that he was conscious of that low melody now, fully aware of what he and Sherlock could do together, only made it all the sweeter.
He imagined Sherlock sitting in the corner of some cottage kitchen, his parents rattling away as they cooked dinner. They seemed like good people. Bothersome, in their way, like parents could be. They obviously cared about Sherlock, which was good enough for John.
The words were out of his mouth before he had the chance to stop himself. It was easy, to offer, to flirt, a little. Mark was all smiles, all wry good humour.
John sat back in his chair and closed his eyes. "You're still thinking of staging something at the wedding." He stopped short of asking if Sherlock were still talking with Mark. He had to assume they were in contact, and had to ensure that Sherlock wouldn't change in his attitude or behaviour going forward. It could be the only thing keeping him safe.
He paused, wondering if he should just let himself in, or knock. Perhaps the rules were different, now. He was just about to put his key in the lock, when a man in a black coat bashed into him.
He scrolled to the third message, that had just come in a moment ago, at 7:58 am.
"This way."
Mark placed his hand over John's, and nodded his agreement, a silent
Wanted him to be safe. Maybe that wasn't just a line, just a way for Sherlock to manage him, to move him around like a puppet in his game. Moriarty's network, they thought that John was important to Sherlock.
"Probably work very well to piss off the neighbours." The last thing he wanted was something that would advertise itself.
The fog of John's feelings about Sherlock began to clear, now that they were away from the sombre loneliness of the graveyard, and out of the cold. Tentatively, John probed the edges of a new perspective on the past few months, as if he were touching his tongue to a newly filled tooth. Everything that had happened recently wasn't, perhaps, part of the long, painful coda of his time with Sherlock. It was the start of something new. A new story. A new life.
"No!" Sherlock took a step toward him.
The fact was, no one had ever disarmed him like Sherlock had. That was love, he supposed, that was their love, and it was worth every ounce of fight that he had. As the car moved through the late night traffic, he thought about what he might find when he got back to the flat, and how he was going to handle it.
The whole thing was a sort of rehearsal of a plan to assassinate James Sholto, of all people. Small's brother had been one of several raw recruits that Sholto had been responsible for training, and who had ended up killed in a firefight with the enemy, their first time out in the field.
"You're looking forward to this, aren't you? Having me on a leash? Training me up a bit?"
John sat on a low wall, as a single sparrow watched him from a nearby whitethorn tree. The tree's dark branches bore shrunken, bright red fruits, the whole thing making a spectacular display against the pale blue of the clear sky, the sideways slant of the winter sunlight. The sparrow eyed him with something that looked like a mix of scepticism and hope. John held up his hands to show that they were empty. As if understanding all too well, the sparrow flew away.
He steeled himself before going to the next photo. A longer shot, also from the low camera at the front of the house.
"Still, we have to try, don't we? What else can we do?" He put his hand on the back of Sherlock's neck, and ran his fingers through the soft curls at his nape.
He watched the city lights go by outside the rain-streaked window of the cab, and felt a powerful impulse to tell the driver to turn around, to drive for Baker Street. Everything would be okay, if he could just see Sherlock one last time, if there was any chance that the watch meant what he thought it did, if there was any chance at all.
Sherlock's expression changed, grew more serious. He took a deep breath. Working himself up to something, maybe.
For a long, desperate moment, he watched his phone, waiting to see if any more texts would come through from Sherlock. No word. John sighed, and scrubbed his face with his hands, and decided that maybe it was okay to give himself permission to do what he wanted, every once in a goddamn while.
. Plus the staff have been told to let on that you're there. And he's wearing some of your clothes, that you left behind at Baker Street."
, John texted back.
"Can you stop that noise?" John said. "It's really tiresome."
There was nothing John could do about the ache he held inside of him. He would probably always carry it. But today, he'd proven to himself that he could still move forward.
John typed.
Mark stepped toward him, his gaze locked on John. He took his hand, and leaned into him, biting his lower lip.
He wondered what Mark was playing at, lying so clumsily. Was he hoping to get caught? Did he want John to confront him? His entire body was on alert, jumping each time the door to his office opened, and his next patient came in.
"Saint James the Less?"
John's skin prickled all over, protest swelling in his veins. He shouldn't be jealous. He was being ridiculous, really. The two most important people in his life had worked together to save him. He inhaled, and let his breath out slowly, choosing his words carefully. "And that was before," he said, covering his confusion with anything, any joke. "I didn't even know he could ride a motorcycle."
Mark laughed. "You think?"
A long, rough-looking track, wide enough to drive on, cut along the edge of the trees to the left, then moved off into the distance. Perhaps that was the way Mark had driven, just now, on his way to the
John had missed this. It hadn't been that long, not in the grand scheme of things, but it felt like an eternity. He and Mark were a couple. Sherlock was something else, the love of his life that he would never have, that he'd finally managed to let go. He would never make peace with the fact that he'd had to, but maybe, eventually, he could let it rest.
Out on the lawn, amid a sea of frightened faces looking down on him, John tried to stir, his body feeling baked, his lungs burning from the smoke. He gasped for breath. Sherlock loomed over him, his face in sharp relief against the background of light and noise, his eyes gazing into John's, as he said John's name. His gloved hand caressed John's cheek, his beautiful face tight with worry.
John found that he was breathing harder than he should be. He refilled his wine glass, and drank deeply, realising he had drunk nearly the entire bottle. The half glass that Sherlock had poured for himself still sat at his elbow, almost untouched.
He hit send.
"Oh my God," Mark groaned, as he ran his hands up John's thighs, and palmed his erection through his boxers. "Take these off." He helped John push the boxers down, freeing his cock.
Sherlock stretched himself out beside John, warm and trembling. He offered his mouth for John to kiss, leaning over him, his leg sliding up over John's good leg, his thigh nudging John's cock. Their lips pressed and slid warmly against each other, John's mouth opening to Sherlock's, the rhythm of the kiss and the hand that Sherlock wrapped around John's cock so slow, so gentle, it surprised John, each touch a revelation, each shift and sigh something so tender, it pulled a thousand potential questions through him, each one dissipating in the quiet room, unformed, unspoken, and now unnecessary.
Sherlock reached down for the mug of tea on the table, picked it up and took a long sip. John fought a sharp intake of breath. It was the one the eye had fallen into.
"John?"
He smiled at himself in the mirror. He looked furious. He was. He was.
John thought of the conversation Mark had forced on him, about the cabbie John had killed. The idea that John should become some kind of fixer. As his stomach crawled, he wondered if Mark had had a similar conversation with Baccarin. Maybe he'd offered him a devil's bargain: go along with whatever plan Mark had, or suffer the consequences. Or perhaps Baccarin had gone willingly, romanced by the idea of entering the battlefield, excited to discover that there was more to life than he'd imagined. In looking at his story, John imagined he could read the shape of his own future. He wondered how Mark would approach him, how he would lift the veil on his ultimate plans for the two of them.
It was lame, he knew. There was nothing he could say to Harry that would sound any better. He watched his phone as her replies rolled in, accusing him of everything terrible.
The moment threatened to fracture, to pull apart, as they sat in silence, Sherlock thinking whatever it was he was thinking, and John fighting to stay on the bench beside him.
He opened Sherlock's text, and read. His hands were shaking.
John watched him carefully. "I've done everything I need to."
He punched some menu options on the tablet, deciding to start with whatever basic statistics it had to offer.
John waited until the doors swung closed before he slipped his hand into his pocket. The flash drive was there. He pulled it out, and had a look: there were the letters, AGRA, in black magic marker. Somehow, Mark was trusting him to hold it.
John laughed. He felt unsteady, unsure of the drift of the conversation. It seemed to be a joke. An amusing fantasy, with a black truth at its core.
He was. He wasn't. Mark could see right through him, he was sure. "Yeah, yeah. Me? Fine. I am fine." He gazed at Mark, chewing the inside of his lip, half wanting this part to be over, half wanting it to never end. "Phone call?"
John could see Sherlock's face from where he was hidden. Sherlock blinked a few times. On his heels, maybe. John watched him carefully.
John tried to sit up, but his muscles betrayed him, and he shook as he laid back down.
John stared at him. "Who has his gun?"
"It's too bad, honestly," Mark said. "I was really looking forward to seeing this play out over time. You, watching me take him away from you. Turning him against you. It would have been glorious."
He typed a reply, and hit
"All right."
Sherlock turned around, and looked at John, his gaze dropping down to John's phone. "What are you doing?"
Mid-afternoon, he ended up in the break room at the same time as Jill. She squinted at him as they waited over the kettle. "Something's different. New haircut?"
"All right." He glanced at John briefly, then cast his eyes down again.
"Sherlock."
It was John's turn. Sherlock had the ring box ready. He opened it, and held it out to John, his expression carefully neutral. John managed to take the ring without looking at Sherlock for too long. He took Mark's hand again, and held it tight, ring poised. He looked into Mark's eyes.
"Hang on!" Harry's voice came from beside him, and she was helping him back into his suit coat.
He knew Mark's entire body, knew it better, in some ways, than he knew his own: the pattern of three small scars, the result of an accident on the farm where Mark grew up, across his ribcage. The tattoo—the Chinese trigram for "thunder," from the
Moments later, John was sitting at her kitchen table, as if no time had passed at all, as if Sherlock had never died, and John had found his way back to the time when he'd spent afternoons with her, watching crap telly, and doing odd jobs around her flat.
John's response: "I hoped it could. I wanted it to be, just like this."
There was a sound, a buzzing, and the lights in the train carriage flickered on. John squinted against them. Something in the bomb at their feet shifted, clicking into place. The countdown timer started running down.
"Didn't work, whatever I did," John said. He had started to shake, his teeth chattering. Shock. "He still died."
John had to go through with the wedding. Had to. Breaking things off would mean losing access to Mark, losing the ability to figure out what he was doing.
He remembered how he'd stood looking out through the kitchen window, and rubbed his fingertips over his lips, and listened to the song.
"John." Sherlock's voice held surprise, or maybe a warning.
"One of your—"
John laughed. "What? You're mad. Who would be fooled by that?"
Sherlock made a face like he was considering what kind of biscuit he should have with his tea. "Sort of a romantic gesture, I suppose."
The next two dozen or so comments continued along the same track. John let his eyes flutter shut, and he rubbed his forehead, trying to understand why he hadn't seen this coming. Of course people would read into what he'd written. Almost everyone had assumed he and Sherlock were a couple, in the old days.
Whatever he did, he needed a change of strategy. He'd allowed himself to be dragged behind his discoveries about Mark for the last few days, ever since he'd looked at the security footage. He'd chosen to hide what he knew, to pretend that he was still completely in the dark, rather than to trust his reading of the game, and to push things along to the conclusion he needed. If he kept going the way he was, playing the fool for Mark, it might never be over.
"Recognised a skip code on sight. Not many people can do that. Saved you, probably." Sherlock's frown deepened, fingers still caressing the knife.
. He'd been busy, though, with work, and wedding plans, and he would have to talk to Sherlock to get the details, and he couldn't imagine bridging that gap, couldn't see a way to reopen communication. It all felt impossible. He was stuck in thick mud, his tyres spinning.
He picked up his wine glass, and drained it in one go. It didn't help: he still felt wildly nervous. Thank God champagne was coming. He checked his watch. Mark had been gone for four minutes.
Holding him in his arms, as tightly as he could, and never letting go.
"Well, we met six months ago." He didn't share the fact that the trajectory from workmates to lovers had been embarrassingly short, or that Mark had practically moved in, from the first night they'd slept together. His mind offered up an image of the ring box, tucked away in his sock drawer, the proposal he'd never followed through on. He pushed it aside.
He picked up his phone again, to find three more messages from Harry.
Sherlock stopped on the street ahead of him, and looked over his shoulder. The expression on his face was neutral. Cautious, maybe. Maybe curious.
He came to consciousness once in the night, to find himself sitting on the side of a narrow gravel road, the car's headlights illuminating heavy brambles growing in the ditch, and a white van, the engine breathing white vapour into the air. It was dark overhead, stars showing through the heavy overhang of trees, as Mark and a man John didn't recognise stripped John down, pulling him out of his fine suit.
sound was incredibly loud in the empty room, the opening of the bag like a yawning maw, black inside. John pulled it open and looked in.
Mark sat, and folded his hands on the table, and looked from Sherlock, to John, and back again. "Any progress?"
"John, I'm sorry," Sherlock said, a stream of words tumbling out of his mouth. "This is my fault. It's all my fault."
"Mm?" John tried to sound bland.
Mark's name, spoken by Sherlock, broke some tension John had been holding in his gut, in his heart, some bubble of unreality. He didn't want it to be broken. "I'm fine, though. I'm really fine. A bit smoked, but otherwise—"
John held the watch in the palm of his hand, and turned it over, expecting, maybe, some kind of inscription. He opened it. The second hand was still.
"Well. That is not what I—" He frowned, reaching for the right words.
He was a man apart. John knew that now, knew that Sherlock didn't fit in, that everything he'd always said about how different he was—all of that was true. He was too brilliant, his way of being in the world too important; he was all sharp edges and broad, epic plots, and everything John had wanted from him was like asking a god to step down from Mount Olympus and do the laundry.
He placed his feet on the floor, and tested his legs before trying to stand on them. He wavered a bit, and managed to get his hand on the nearby wall. Slowly, he dragged himself around the corner of the room to a small hallway, which led to a tiny kitchen. Further down was a bathroom that housed a toilet and a corroded cast iron tub.
. "Oh, you know how to plan a wedding?"
There were things he wanted to say. He always wanted to talk, here, and here, he'd found he sometimes could. He'd stood over this grave in all seasons, all weathers, and thought of Sherlock, imagined the whisper of cotton under the heavy wool of the Belstaff; imagined Sherlock's loose, soft curls beneath his fingers, as if he had, in fact, touched them. He'd murmured words of affection he'd never dared to offer while Sherlock was alive. He'd begged, more than once, for Sherlock to come back.
"I suppose I don't know what I would say. Too much to sort through."
Oh no. Oh God. He was in a pyre. He couldn't so much as crawl, couldn't get himself out. Couldn't move in time, couldn't scream in time. If no one discovered he was there, they would light the fire, and he would burn.
John cleared his throat, fighting a burst of laughter. The whole situation was awful, so awkward that it threatened to tip over into something else. Somehow, they had to sort through it, and find their new baseline. "Mind if I interrupt?
John assured him that he was taking care of his side of things, even though he wasn't. He planned to. He would.
John was stuck, staring, wondering what the hell Sherlock meant, when Sherlock's phone pinged.
"No idea," John said. He wrestled with a brief, and completely irrational, bout of jealousy, followed by an absolute conviction that he had to push through, and finish this insanity once and for all.
"Those were your parents," he said, watching Sherlock's face. Sherlock had never talked about them, in the time before.
"Hi," he said.
Sherlock frowned. "A flash drive? Really? So strange, that the criminal classes have really never caught on to the cloud."
. About damn time.
John studied the note, rereading it. He waited for some kind of reaction: surprise, shock, some sort of disappointment.
Mark lifted his coffee cup. "Cheers to that." He closed the gap between them, leaned in, and kissed the side of John's neck, the sensitive spot he knew always made John's knees buckle.
"We're not." John searched for the right thing to say. "It's just—who would have believed this? This doesn't happen, Sherlock. It's too good to be true."
It had come on the radio, in the morning, after John and Mark had slept together for the first time. John had gotten up early, leaving Mark, soft and warm in his bed, and he'd gone downstairs to put on some coffee. He'd turned the radio on, volume down low, to keep him company.
John turned to the side, admiring himself in the mirror. He looked like a proper groom. A man who was about to get the happy ending he deserved. He thought, with bitterness, about how far away that was. He had miles to go. Months, perhaps. Years.
In his dream, Sherlock was beside him, lying on the bed, his limbs loose, pyjama bottoms slipping to reveal a band of skin under his blue t shirt, his body sleep-warm and soft.
The despair of the last two years filled the room, thick and gelatinous. It separated them. John wanted nothing more than to dismiss it, to disregard it, but he didn't think he could. Not on his own.
John took him by the wrist, and tugged him close. He put his arms up around Sherlock's shoulders, and drew him down. It was an awkward embrace, Sherlock stiff and half holding back, his hand moving to grasp John's upper arm, but John held on, his chin hooked over Sherlock's shoulder, shock and pain and something much more happy pulsing through his blood.
John's text alert went off, as a message from Mark came through.
John's heart clenched. It seemed that Mark had a better relationship with everyone in John's life than he did. "Okay."
Mark's ellipsis appeared, hovered, and disappeared again. "Got you," John said to the empty kitchen.
John's heart soared, as he wondered if, somehow, Sherlock had found him. Wondered if the beekeeper could possibly be Sherlock in costume, posing as some country farmer.
It was Mark, though, who was here now, sitting at John's bedside, holding his hand. Mark offered a different kind of company. The kind that was there, every day. The kind that meant John didn't have to feel alone in the world.
"Careful?" John's voice was all tremulous. He hoped to tease some promise out of Mark. "If I'm not, what will happen?"
"Good luck with that. I won't be your instrument to hurt Sherlock. Let's be clear about that much. This plan of yours will never work."
Sherlock stepped in through the door, and John closed it behind him, muting the noise from the chapel, and shutting out the next few hours, which suddenly felt like they were barrelling down on them faster than he liked.
Through the open double doors that connected the reception hall to the lobby and bar, John kept an eye on George, Vince, and Bill, who made a slow progress around the room. First, they took selfies with Sherlock, chatted with him a bit, then got fresh drinks, and lingered over the dessert table. George came onto the dance floor first, ending up in a long conversation with Mrs. Hudson and the maiden aunt, while Bill had a go at chatting up Molly, and Vince wandered off to get himself another pint.
"Oh no, Sir," she told him, pulling herself up straight. "I'm fit as a fiddle. Just here for Mr. Holmes's sake."
Just like that, without any chance to stop it, John's facade slipped. "What?" He regretted the question immediately, wondering if there were some way to take it back.
The world blew to pieces. The foundation of the restaurant crumbled, the world shaking John down to raw, burnt, hollow bones, reducing him to a bag of nerves, all screaming alarm and horror.
He caught Mark watching him, shaking his head, and turning back to say something to Cath, who laughed, and smiled, and kept dancing.
"Hello, John. Are you feeling all right?"
His phone pinged again.
. He remembered Sherlock, staring at the ring box. His strangled voice.
He could see, now, that she'd needed looking after, in her own way, just as much as he had. She had her friends, and she had her own life, but losing Sherlock had been like losing a son for her, despite what she'd said, and then she'd lost John, as well.
Mark was right. Of course he was right. John remembered the way Sherlock had seemed to deflate, as he stared at him, and Mark.
He took the electric razor to his upper lip. When he was done, he admired his work. He looked like a new man, and like his old self, all at once. He decided he liked it.
"You've made very positive changes. And you've sorted out who you are. Who you want to be."
John took a deep breath. "Ah. Look at that."
After it was all over, they walked back toward Baker Street, making their way slowly past the posh apartment buildings along Chesterfield Hill. Sherlock strolled with his hands clasped behind his back, in no hurry, apparently, to get back home. His whole demeanour was calmer than it had been, back at the flat, or at any time John had seen him, since his return. He seemed to glow, a bit, his smile warm, as he glanced at John, his cheeks flushed with the cold.
, nothing like Mark would usually use in his correspondence. He presented himself, as he always did, with sympathy and kindness, even if there was a tiny bit of passive aggression in the comment, as he staked his claim.
"Yes."
John smiled as he felt the rush of admiration for Sherlock he'd always felt in the old days. The way his mind worked, the way he leapt from connection to connection, impossible to track, was wonderful to John.
. It came with a picture attached, of a plate loaded with a full Scottish breakfast.
Finally, he found a chink, above eye level, in the brickwork at the top corner of the front door, and hid the third camera there. Yes, he'd made a terrible mistake. He'd been swept away by his own feelings. He'd been unfair to Mark, and to Sherlock. That didn't mean he would accept being made to feel powerless. He checked the feed on the tablet. If anyone approached the door, the camera would record it.
Sherlock scrambled to his feet.
John was willing to entertain anything, in this moment. "What do you mean?"
He contemplated the door in front of him once again. Hesitated, his feet refusing to move, his heart racing. Maybe it would be easier if he just went back to his own place.
"Help."
"I am?" Bill looked ecstatic.
Well. That's what he'd come here to do.
"Professional pride. I suppose on some level we're all only human."
He supposed that wouldn't be happening now.
Of course he'd stopped it. Of course he knew how.
John gasped at the first touch of their naked chests together, his mind gone, all worry, gone. He touched Sherlock, finally, running his hands up over Sherlock's ribcage, across his shoulder blades, skimming his fingers over the ragged edges of the scars that ran all across his back. He tangled his fingers in the curls at Sherlock's nape, all too aware of the tip of Sherlock's cock pressing insistently against his belly, seeking friction, seeking John, as Sherlock gasped, moaning low and thick, and John rubbed Sherlock's scalp, and looked into his eyes.
"Just a scratch. You weren't clobbered over the head or anything, as far as we could tell."
—on his right shoulder blade. He'd traced the entire surface of Mark's skin with his eyes, with fingertips and tongue. He couldn't forget that. He refused to forget it, even as a sense memory boiled to the surface, of touching the skin on Sherlock's back, of rough welts under his hands.
As she'd spoken, Mark had watched John steadily, an amused glint coming into his eye as Anika had made reference to Jonathan Small. John had squinted at her, then raised an eyebrow at Mark, making him smirk. Mark loved his dirty secrets, that much was clear. Loved them even more, now that they were shared.
He could live with difficult.
Sherlock shook in John's arms, his whole body trembling under his coat.
A clerk came around the corner nearest to John, and sidled up to him. "Trouble with your girlfriend?"
On the Saturday before Christmas, John woke up alone, happy at the prospect of having the flat to himself. It was just after eight in the morning. He got up, and padded down to the kitchen, and wondered what he would do with his day. He sipped coffee and looked out into the back garden as the sun rose, catching a hint of blue sky outside. It was the first day of winter.
Sherlock wasn't looking at John, but rather through him. "No."
Anika's comment on the message read:
"Thank you," John told Gabriel, as he let himself out.
He knew he was at a dangerous point of balance. This was the thing that had been bothering him since the restaurant, since Sherlock had seemed so affected by the scene of John's date with Mark, and the ring box. The question that had stirred in John's blood since that night was with him all at once, stepping to the forefront of his thoughts, like a villain out of some dark corner, ruining everything.
Sherlock had a lot to account for, a great deal to make up to him, but if he cared about John, if John could see more evidence that Sherlock really cared, well. John wasn't sure what he would do. Nothing desperate, he hoped. Nothing foolish.
"Mind Palace."
It seemed like a less than ideal solution, he decided, as he made his way back home, and pulled his bike up over the kerb in front of the flat. Having the gun might provoke some difficult conversations with Mark. John would rather not explain how he'd come to own an illegal firearm, or why he'd kept it. He was quite certain that Mark wasn't the type to be comfortable with a gun in his home.
She wrinkled her nose. "So soon after Sherlock?"
"Easy." Mark pulled John up onto his feet, and helped him into a jumper.
"Ah. So you approve, then." His voice cracked.
There were menus in the tablet's software that would allow John to isolate anomalous incidents, and some kind of tracker that would reveal patterns of activity, but he was pretty sure there wasn't an
John replied:
John read the note again, thinking that he should probably be at least a little bit upset.
Sherlock nodded, and turned back to the computer. "Ready."
First, he would make sure the surveillance system was up and running again. He left the tablet plugged in, checking the time. The power bank would take another three or four hours to reach full charge.
"I'm going," John said.
He picked up his phone, and flipped back to the articles Sherlock had sent him. The killings were indeed clustered around the time of Sherlock's return, just like he'd said. Three of the bodies had been discovered in a run of days shortly after he got back, on the 4
Four days later, steeped in the aimlessness of the days between Christmas and New Year's, John left Mark asleep in their bed, and took himself out for an early morning bike ride.
. The best way was to put it out there, assume that Mark knew he and Sherlock hadn't been there, and watch how he responded. "I think you know the answer to that."
He would have to break Sherlock's heart. John suspected that Sherlock would let him, all too readily.
"Yeah," John said.
John felt his stomach plunge. He hated the idea of Mark even thinking of Harry, wondering, wildly, if somehow she was a target, too. He coached himself to play it off, keep things light. "You kidding? Her own brother, marrying a man? She wouldn't miss the chance to say
"All right," John replied, adding a silent promise:
It wasn't anything like John had imagined, the many times he'd pictured this, or dreamed of it. He'd always thought Sherlock would sweep him away in a fit of intense passion, overwhelm him physically. John always pictured disappearing beneath Sherlock, as Sherlock rolled over him like the tide.
Mark led him toward the exit. "Ready to go?"
John struggled with the urge, old, and habitual, to cover everything up. No one knew about him and Sholto. Fundamentally, there was nothing to know, except the way John had felt about him. Still, that wasn't nothing. At the time, it had meant a lot. It still did. It was part of John's history, which had been covered up for too long. It was time to bring it into the light.
He paused, thinking about Sherlock, and how best to protect him, how urgent it was for him to preserve the status quo. He returned to the message:
"Hey brother, I'm talking to you." Harry was, somehow, standing in front of John. She punched him on the arm. He realised he'd been staring at Sherlock for far too long.
John turned, and left the kitchen, and went upstairs to bed.
Then he'd been arrested, for owning and selling guns illegally, a surprisingly large volume of them. He'd been cleared on all charges. Greg hadn't sent John the associated court documents, but John thought about the way Moriarty had managed to walk away after his own trial. He supposed there was no real mystery there. If something needed arranging, the network could manage it.
Sherlock nodded. "How long?"
John put his hand down to touch his own leg, and met warm stickiness. Blood. His own blood.
Sherlock spoke, his voice as shaky as the rest of him. "Moriarty had arranged snipers. One for you, one for Lestrade, and one for Mrs. Hudson. If I didn't jump, he was going to have you all killed. He knew I cared about them, but I—I let it slip that you were the person I care about most, the one person whose loss would devastate me. I couldn't let him kill you. And now you're a target again. It's not over. Do you see? It will never be over."
"I know," John said, unable to help the smile that he knew was plastered all over his face, despite everything that was about to happen. "I know. It's just for a little while, and then it will be over."
"Sherlock says Cath is up to something funny. He followed her out through the back exit by the loos, and she went and spoke to some bloke a half a block over."
"I'm sorry," John said, trying to pull away, struggling to get to his feet. Somehow, he managed to stand, feeling terrible. Sherlock had planned such a beautiful night for them, had imagined, perhaps, a happy ending, imagined that there was still possibility between them, and it was for nothing, because John had fallen apart, and he had ruined it. And the worst thing, the very worst, was that there'd never been a chance he wouldn't ruin it, because he had to. He had no choice.
. A few minutes after that, she'd arranged the DJ and caterer, and talked them into white cake with raspberry filling.
"Huh? Oh." John startled, and undid the buttons on his winter coat, and pulled off his scarf. Sherlock's scarf, he realised, with a brief flurry of shame. "Right."
John's gut clenched at the mention of marriage. "And this place?"
He took a deep breath, stood, and went downstairs. As he pulled on his coat, he decided he was probably being a fool. Sherlock was Sherlock. He'd rescued John, but he wasn't the one who'd stuck around after, who'd sat by his bed and made sure he was okay. He cared about whether John lived or died, but he didn't feel things, not the way John needed him to.
Sherlock smiled and nodded, as if finally catching his breath. "No." As if making some internal decision, he tore off a piece of bread, spooned stew onto it, and took a few bites.
This time, it was an article reporting the bonfire night incident, that included a photograph of the gathered crowd in the churchyard at Saint James the Less, and the pyre, as yet unlit, in which John had almost died.
"Doctor Watson." The man stuck out an age-spotted hand. "Arthur Davies."
"Well," John said, his voice coming out strained, as he turned and looked out the cab window. "Everything."
John watched Cath closely, and remembered Sherlock interviewing people, remembered his favourite tactics. People loved to correct wrong information.
Sherlock had been alive all this time. He'd said nothing. He'd let John watch him die.
The eyeball slipped from the tweezers and fell into a mug of tea with a small splash. Sherlock stared down at it. "Oh."
He sat in the chair opposite John, and handed him the box. "Pastry. And—" he held up the bottle.
He reminded himself to focus, to stay alert to all the details as he continued to work through the photos, one by one. Most of them were snaps of his neighbours as they passed by the front of the flat. There were five pictures in a row of a sparrow that had landed in the lattice in front of the camera in the back garden, and three of the top of the postman's head.
Mark was grinning broadly, looking as happy and boisterous as a groom should. He'd dressed in dark blue trousers, and a gray jacket with a lilac shirt that matched Cath's dress, accented with a plaid bow tie and pocket square, a bright contrast to John's traditional suit.
"Indeed."
He watched, as Sherlock sat with his head bowed, and he wondered what it was, exactly, that Sherlock had expected to happen. John's heart squeezed, and he pulled himself up onto the hard forward edge of the chair, and teetered there.
Someone called tigercat72 had written:
John served himself. His stomach growled as the scent rose from the stew—ginger, cumin. "You were saying?"
He wasn't sure he could forgive him for not quite being his old self, either. This new Sherlock, the one who spammed him with thoughtful texts that offered shy congratulations, and tentative hopes for John's wellbeing, was a bit of a stranger. John didn't know what to do with him.
Mark approached him, and moved around to John's side of the desk, taking his time. He leaned down, and pressed his lips to John's, his kiss slow, and deliberate.
All this time, John had imagined that Sherlock was keeping himself separate from John because he was cold and unfeeling. Instead, he'd thrown himself into planning for the wedding. He'd tried to keep himself in John's life in the best way he could, given the circumstances, by being a supportive friend.
"Yes. But you have to admit, it did work."
"After. We'll have all the time in the world."
"You can buy me a drink after work."
Now, everything was different. Now, he wasn't dancing. Now, he was counting on Sherlock to save him, so John could save them both, and the circle could be complete, and the thing that had haunted the two of them since that very first case could finally be finished.
Sherlock nodded. "It seems so." He frowned, brow furrowing. "I haven't been able to account for why, but there's been no new activity for a couple of weeks. Whatever was going on seems to have settled down substantially."
"John." Sherlock's voice came through the line, like warm honey.
"Our time is still coming, John. We haven't even begun."
Outside the cramped sanctuary of the vicar's office, the church and its attached hall was ready to host a beautiful, if small, wedding. Anika had outdone herself. She'd greeted John and Mark at the door of the church an hour earlier, and taken them on a quick tour of the place. The chapel and the reception hall were covered in fairy lights, and green and white carnations, the tables already laid out for the dinner that would follow the ceremony.
Her eyes on his were pleading, full of frustration. She'd taken care of him, at first. She'd seen how bad it was. Well, almost. It had gotten worse, in the latter half of the first year, after he'd moved to his new flat, when he'd been certain he couldn't go on living, and he'd spent the better part of his time at the bottom of a bottle.
Oh. Mark's ex always seemed to contact Mark at the least opportune moments. John and Mark had made a running joke out of it.
He was staring at his phone, wondering if he should reply to Mark's text, when another message arrived from Sherlock.
"Ruining you." Violet spoke to Sherlock, but then turned her gaze back on John.
Finally, John walked away, leaving Sherlock standing there, in the middle of the restaurant, all by himself. When he reached the door to the street, he turned back to look, but Sherlock was already gone.
It was better than he could have hoped for, really, given Sherlock's habit of hating the women he'd dated. Still, it left him with a feeling that he didn't like, that he wanted to kick against. "Well, I should be put in life threatening situations more often, if it means you and Sherlock get to have fun."
He hadn't meant to fall asleep. He sat up with a gasp, nightmares still running over the surface of his skin: images of Sherlock, his coat dropping to the floor, over and over, in the sitting room at 221B, a hundred, a thousand, variations on the same theme. Sometimes, the coat had landed in soft folds on the sitting room rug, and Sherlock had stood there, naked and shivering, then turned to reveal the skin of his back, crawling with worms; sometimes, it had hit the ground with a dull clang, and Sherlock had disappeared altogether, leaving John alone in the sitting room, filled with the same regret and despair he'd felt in the days after Sherlock's death. In the background, a male voice had shouted accusations, calling John names.
"Besides," Sherlock added, "thought you could do with the carbohydrates. You prefer them when you're nervous. Settles you down." His gaze barely met John's before he was studying his plate again.
"And as for you, this is supposed to be the worst day of your life. He's expecting it to devastate you. That's the plan. Ruin you for detective work. Ruin your life." John's throat tightened on him again.
When they finally grew still, the two of them were staring into each others' eyes like a pair of teenagers, Sherlock still slung across the sofa, and John standing and watching him, and knowing that the time they had before the ceremony was running out.
In the front hall closet, Mark's racquet bag had reclaimed its place. John hefted it: it felt a bit lighter. The gun had, perhaps, found a new location. Maybe it was in the luggage Mark had packed so carefully, or already stowed in the car.
John stumbled for the chair closest to him, and fell into it. The springs were broken. It threatened to absorb him altogether, while Sherlock fumbled about on the other side of the room, then came over carrying a pair of tumblers, a small white cardboard box tied with string, and, tucked under his arm, a bottle of what turned out to be very expensive scotch.
He set the folded note aside. When Mark returned, they would have a proper talk. There would be logistics, afterward. People to contact. A wedding to cancel.
The tyres looked okay. John ran his hand over the seat, clearing away dust and cobwebs.
He typed another message to Sherlock:
John had slipped into nostalgia, saying anything to keep Sherlock talking, concern for him mingling painfully with his own loneliness. He was a soldier. He could go to war, but he wasn't sure he could win this. There was still so much more time to go, so much more for him to do, and he couldn't help but feel that this was the eve of a hopeless battle, with nearly no chance of survival, just the fight to face, and inevitable loss.
He closed the box. He should hide it, he decided, until he'd had the chance to pop the question. He covered it with his napkin. Stupid. He picked it up again, and tucked it into his jacket pocket. When he said the words, that was when he would bring it out. That was when he would make his intention clear.
The sound of the front door closing jolted him awake. Mark moved through the downstairs, into the kitchen, his footsteps light, like they always were. The sounds of the refrigerator opening and closing, and a pan being put on the burner, filtered up the stairs. John squinted at the clock. It was 11 am. Long past time for him to get out of bed.
John smiled down at his phone. He couldn't say everything he intended to say. He couldn't tell Sherlock everything that was in his heart, not yet.
Mark pulled away, and propped up the pillows behind him. He pulled his knees in. He frowned. "John, I honestly—I never expected you to give me everything. We're not teenagers. This is not our first go-round. I know life doesn't work that way."
He was in a small room, in what looked like someone's neglected rustic cabin. Weak light stabbed across the ceiling, through a gap in blackout curtains at the end of the bed, under which sat a mouldering armchair, its stuffing poking out through holes in the seat and headrest. To the left of those windows stood a door to the outside, the only external door John could see. A small table and two chairs occupied the space to the right of the bed, under another, larger bank of windows, also heavily curtained. An antique wall clock hung crooked in the corner, its pendulum unmoving. Above John, a formerly white ceiling was stained by water. A stale odour of tobacco smoke puffed out from the blanket on top of him as he moved, sliding his legs toward the side of the bed.
"And for the record, I can't ask you to do it," Violet told him. "But I want to."
Sherlock fixed her with a sceptical glare.
For his part, the man was staring at the ring box in John's hand, and blinking hard, then shifting his gaze to take in Mark, brow furrowed, his expression so like Sherlock's, when he was frustrated by something, when he was trying to solve one of his intricate puzzles.
John moved away, then, toward the sink, heart pounding, feeling like he could punch through a wall. He turned on the tap, and washed his hand, flicked the water away, and dried it on a tea towel. Mark, still flushed, smiled ruefully at John as he zipped himself up, and palmed the flash drive.
"Oh." Something terrible had happened to Sherlock.
John stared at him, fire burning through his veins. He was sure his mouth was hanging open, prepared to stop Sherlock, prepared to kiss him. He knew his eyes were shining like stars. He knew, then, that it had all been over for him the moment he'd set foot in the greenhouse.
Bainbridge's story had affected John. He understood too well how being in the military could make a man feel vulnerable, especially if he had something about him that made him different. He found, as he sat with Sherlock beside him, that he wanted him to understand. "Thank you for taking this case," he said.
"Course not. You're a villain," John told him.
"Bee balm," Sherlock told him. He'd grown pale. "I hope you like it."
"Hello? This is John Watson. I'm here for a suit? I've got an appointment."
John shifted uneasily on the bed, feeling all too fully clothed, his trousers restricting his movements uncomfortably, his feet aching to be bare.
During his first two days in hospital, after the surgery to remove the bullet from his leg, John spent most of his time sleeping, the combination of painkillers, and safety, and Sherlock, finally, Sherlock, pulling his body down into a deep, wholesome rest. He woke intermittently, unable to keep his eyes open for more than a few minutes at a time.
Nestled in the space around the racquets was a collection of Mark's sports kit: an empty water bottle, folded shorts, t-shirt, court shoes. Nothing incriminating.
Mark squeezed his arm. Warm, familiar. "Everything squared away, then? Between you and him?"
Sherlock enfolded John's hand in both of his, and the air grew thick and warm around John, as Violet and Sherlock began to discuss tracking devices. Their voices became murmurs, Violet's high pitched, melodious, full of hard American consonants and short vowels, Sherlock's a low, dense river that John found himself wanting to float away on.
Now, George and Vince swept Mark aside, taking turns shouting at him over the music and flirting with him, and the other nurses. Bill danced next to John, sipping from a bottle of lager, then leaned in, and yelled in his ear.
"Well, that's a first." John studied the back of Sherlock's head, the conversation they'd had at Baker Street still playing in his mind.
Sooner than John would have liked, the DJ got his sound system working, and Mark came over to sweep him away into the reception hall. "Come on, husband," he said, taking John's hand, and spinning him where he stood. "I know we're not much for tradition, but we have to at least have a first dance."
John remembered turning bright red, as he fumbled to turn on the kettle.
"That sounds like a bit of a stretch, in your case."
"No, of course not." God, how John wished it did. Bitterness threatened to choke him, as he wished he'd never moved on, after Sherlock. He'd never wanted a second chance, not on these terms. "I just mean that I know my attention has seemed a bit split, since Sherlock came back, and I want you to know that I've appreciated everything you've tried to do, to include him." Appreciated. Taken note of. John vowed that he would never let Mark go anywhere near Sherlock again.
Bill laughed. "He said you would say that. Told me to tell you that everyone knows that the secret to following someone is to get a few steps ahead of them." Bill pulled back so that John could see the giant, toothy grin he was wearing. "He really is just like he is in the papers, isn't he?"
"George Challenger," he told John, his expression sombre. "Some would say that my war was not your war, but they're all one and the same, aren't they?" He turned toward Mark. "Must get back to the bees now."
"You're emigrating."
Sherlock could do anything, except send him away.
"My schedule, John." He took a deep breath. "It's a meticulous series of interlocking potential plans of action, triggered by events in the outside world. I'm surprised you've never noticed the pattern. It's astoundingly simple, once you get hold of it."
Something stirred in John, a hint of a deep, uncomplicated emotion he'd thought he'd never touch again.
His phone pinged. Harry.
John scrambled to recall what Mark had said about Tom, something about him being
Finally, he shut his phone down, and slipped it back into his pocket.
," his father insisted.
"Do you know where my gun is?" he asked, as Mark pushed him into the van's passenger seat. "I need it."
Dinner was leftover Chinese and a bottle of lager, consumed while standing at the kitchen counter, staring out at the tiny backyard, and wondering what would happen next.
John watched Mark steadily. "Like I can't wait to get to the next bit."
When they'd said goodbye, Sherlock had been civil. Friendly, even, smiling at Mark, shaking his hand. When Mark had told him John was done in, Sherlock had looked at John and nodded. "Well, you should look after him, then."
A woman in a business suit cursed at John and stepped around him. He'd stopped in the middle of the pavement. He stepped aside, taking Mark by the coat sleeve, pulling him along until they were both out of the way, under the awning of a florist's.
There were, predictably, some opposing viewpoints:
"No need." Sherlock pointed to the watch on John's vest. "This has a small RFID chip in it. Really only any good in the city, if they pass through security gates on public transport, or any traffic checkpoints. Mark will probably suspect it and throw it out. But—" He gestured to the suit as a whole. "The back panel of the suit coat contains a woven insert, crafted from metal alloy thread that runs off body heat and will ping GPS satellites every ten minutes."
There was the sound of fabric tearing, and a tight sensation around John's thigh, high on his leg, and the feeling of his foot being lifted and propped up on something, and everything growing still, and the world steadying. Through the calm John looked up into the trees overhead, the first few stars coming out, as the clouds cleared from the sky.
John managed to put on a smile. "Hey."
Paranoia washing through him after a particularly long pause, he'd asked:
He shook his head.
He steeled himself. He was still frightened, but he wouldn't let it paralyse him any more. Just for tonight, he would pretend to be what Mark wanted. Play along. Not just say that he loved Mark, or that he wanted him. To show Mark that he could be everything Mark imagined him to be. He was ready.
He turned the fob to wind it, expecting it to leap into life. Instead, the minute hand moved backwards. He toyed with the fob, trying to push it in a bit. He hadn't meant to set the time. The fob didn't move, couldn't move.
The man held out a phone. "I'm Bill. Bill Wiggins. People call me The Wig."
"John." Sherlock's voice held quiet surprise. "What are you doing here?"
The point he wanted to make wasn't about how Sherlock had hurt him, he realised. He needed Sherlock to understand how important he'd been. How important he was.
"As you knew I probably would."
"I suppose it's just that I've been thinking, lately, about the two of us, about everything that getting married means. I know I haven't been the best boyfriend, the best partner. I've been distracted."
"I might have, if you sent me a postcard. Popped in for a visit."
Perhaps, a still, quiet voice inside John whispered, remembering the way Sherlock had reacted at the Landmark, the way he'd tentatively opened the conversation about Mark, back at Baker Street, perhaps this was a test, a way for him to find out what John wanted, what John would do, if given the opportunity to choose.
He looked toward the front of the church, toward the darkened doorway beside the altar, that led to the vicar's office. He was sure he'd seen a laptop among the vicar's many belongings, under a pile of notepaper and used teacups. It would be completely stupid to run back and check the flash drive now, but it could be done, somehow, at some point. He would wait until Mark was well occupied with the party, figure out a way to make it work.
When she asked him how he felt about it, he shrugged. "Happy I didn't go off and hit him, I suppose."
? Not
"I know." John saw a chance to shift the conversation. He took it. He stood, and forcing himself to relax, he put a hand on the side of Mark's neck. He tried not to grip it too hard. He was certain the hand wasn't shaking. Good. "I should probably be concerned about where that lot's going to take you tonight." He tilted his head toward the clinic lobby, indicating the other nurses.
"Ah." John frowned down at his hands. "Right," he added, feeling like he was on shaky ground, wondering if he should ask if Mark was telling the truth. He took a deep breath.
"Excuse me," Sherlock said, as John passed him the pen.
"Great, okay. Kids all right?" John took a step back, skin crawling. The kids. He had a sudden, creeping sense of concern about Jill, about her entire family. She'd said she was going away. Perhaps Mark was counting on John not to ask anyone about her, counting on John's social isolation to stop him from checking his alibi.
He'd also felt the need to understand as much as he could about Baccarin, to know what he was dealing with. Mark had spoken of Tom so many times, sometimes with affection, sometimes with the sort of thin tolerance one reserved for exes. John had never so much as seen a picture of Tom, but he'd developed a few ideas about the shape of Mark's relationship with him, none of which suggested that it would end in murder. It was all too obvious that whatever had happened with Baccarin could give John some insight into his own situation, into the game Mark was playing.
Mark took a step back. "Yes."
No new texts. There was a Youtube alert, and a notification that he had new email. He checked his account: nothing from Sherlock.
John was sweating into his dress shirt and vest, his suit coat discarded. He hoped he hadn't lost it. Arthur Davies had worked so hard on it. He would be so disappointed.
"Stop it now," John said, trying to moderate his voice. "I'm trying to tell you something."
He remembered small moments between them. Mark's eyes shining with anticipation as he waited for John to propose at the Landmark. His grin when John had tossed him the ring box, and asked him to name the day. And other times, when he'd seemed to show real vulnerability. The rough quality to his voice, as if he were fighting back some strong emotion, when John had told him he'd taken care of his part of the wedding arrangements. It wasn't much. He wasn't sure there was real sentiment to be found in Mark. He was a liar, and a murderer. But maybe John could still catch him off guard.
Over by the turnstiles, the press had begun to dissipate. Sherlock was still there, studying the floor, while Greg leaned close, talking steadily at him.
"Thank you, Sir." He nodded. It was stiff, military, his body falling back on its training, when what he wanted was to be alone with Sherlock, to have Sherlock's arms around him, to hear what Sherlock thought, what he might want.
Mark had controlled him, and manipulated him, and drugged him. John closed his eyes, wondering how he could possibly push back, how he could win through, against someone with no conscience, against such a killer.
He took one of the hoodies from his suitcase. It would be an extra layer, for when he went outside. He would have to go in his socks. The least of his worries.
"What is it?" he whispered, one hand still firm on the skin of Sherlock's lower back, the other caressing Sherlock's cheek. Sooner or later, Sherlock would have to confess, about the timer, and the fact that he'd stopped it. John wouldn't break the spell, though, wouldn't say that he'd figured it out.
Just like that, the two of them were off again, howling with laughter.
He wondered if Sherlock would show up. He remembered the outtakes from the birthday DVD Sherlock had made for him, the one that Greg had brought him. Sherlock didn't go in for parties. It wasn't his thing.
Sherlock was clever, so clever. He'd brought them here, put them in danger, knowing, because he must, he
He wondered how in the hell he would do it. He'd never been a good actor, never good at deceiving people.
"What?"
"You've done very well today," Mark told him.
"You're not. I mean, you are. Difficult. But so am I. We're both—you're fine, the way you are."
John smiled at him. "Something like that." He was glad for the steam coming off the pot of boiling water, as he stirred pasta into it, a bit of cover for the flush that came over him.
He would have no difficult decisions to make. He should be grateful for that. There was nothing wrong with having Mark, being with Mark. He washed his face, and patted it dry with a towel, and frowned at his image in the mirror, feeling a slow, creeping shame. He'd humiliated himself, and he'd been so willing to cheat. It wasn't right, no matter how he looked at it. He'd been running on raw impulse and emotion. He could forgive Sherlock, but he wasn't sure he could forgive himself.
The rest of the comments were predictably reactive. John felt the full force of the mess he'd made of his life, and Sherlock's, as he read on:
"Your double," Sherlock said, all business now, his voice tipped with alarm. "Dead."
"So you think it's a bomb, then? A tube carriage, hidden away somewhere, carrying a bomb," he asked, marvelling at the scope of what they were about to do, as he and Sherlock moved past a series of wall adverts.
"I think—" John started. This was important. He needed to get it right. He never knew when they would have the chance to talk again, or if Sherlock would shut things down. "I could say that I was embarrassed, that I wanted more than friendship, from a man. Or I could say that I was afraid of having to change the way I thought of myself." He took a deep breath. "But that's all rubbish, really. I think, when it comes down to it, I believed I didn't deserve it."
John reached out and touched the scars, caressing them with his fingertips, and he cried a little, and told Sherlock things he'd only been able to tell his grave, before.
"Mmm."
John was between patients, on his way to the break room, where he'd planned to meet Mark, and share a cup of tea, when his phone pinged. He paused in the corridor, took it out, and read it.
John folded his hands on the desk, the things he wanted to say burning through him.
"Right." John thought about the lie Mark had told him, about where he'd been last Sunday night. John had never followed up on it. He hadn't wanted to, but still. He frowned down at the box.
"I'm just saying, this might be our last normal night for a while. I'd like to keep it quiet, if it's okay with you."
John returns to Baker Street.
John nodded, smiling. "Sounds ideal."
"Congratulations to me," he murmured. The words rode on a thick disappointment he didn't want to examine too closely.
It turned out no one cared. Mostly they already thought John was gay. The couple of nurses who offered commentary mainly talked about how Mark was quite a catch, and said that they were glad they didn't have to worry about John any more. It all moved fast, and it all seemed as if it had taken forever to arrive.
"All ready for tonight?"
The music throbbed, and seemed to deepen in pitch, as if the stereo were broken. Everyone moved at the same pace they had, but it seemed much too fast, as though John himself were slipping out of time.
Mark's racquet bag was stuffed into his cubby. John stared at it for a long moment, as he hung up his jacket. He hadn't seen him in the waiting area, his usual haunt in the mornings. He liked to chat up the patients who'd arrived early for their appointments. He was sociable, enjoyed making people feel more comfortable. So he'd said.
The thin veil of resistance guarding John's heart broke open, tore away, and dissolved. He sighed heavily, blinking away the tears that blurred his vision, the terrible dull loathing that had followed him through all the days of Sherlock's absence hitting him hard, having a last go at him. He sat that way, for a full ten minutes. No more texts came through.
Sherlock watched John over the rim of his wine glass as he took a sip. "Did I?"
, it said, written by hand in an elegant, precise cursive script, with black fountain pen ink.
At his peak, George must have been powerfully built: he towered over John despite the stoop in his posture. His eyes were blue-grey, and sharp.
"When you're changed, hand me over your wet things. I'll take them down to laundry and run them through the dryer."
His feet crunched on the gravel path as he picked up his pace, fueled by caffeine, and an uncomfortable sense that the past was catching up with him.
"Right. Will be a late one. You'll be all right? You can't have gotten any sleep."
John struggled to control his breathing. He knew his own heart, knew his own mind. Knew the dozens of different scenarios he'd imagined, over and over, when he'd thought Sherlock was dead. The things that might happen, if Sherlock knew about John, knew what John really was, who he really was.
John decided on the spot that Arthur Davies was the sort of man whose first and last names could not be separated: he was too weighty a presence, too charmingly old fashioned, for John to ever call him anything else.
He opened the only folder on the drive. It contained what appeared to be a large gallery of photos.
From a little way away came the sound of voices, and people approaching.
"John? What are you doing?" His
He felt a sense of calm, a stillness coming in, the same sense of peace and readiness he always felt, when it was time to fight, when it was time to take action. He would work this through. Now that he had a sense of what had gone on, he could react to it. He could plan.
He looked in the bottom, and there, found the edge of a false panel, held in place by velcro. He pulled it up to reveal a hidden compartment. His breath came heavily, raggedly now, his entire focus on what he was about to find.
John smiled at the screen. Mark seemed to be doing just fine without him. He had friends. Lots of them. He was resilient. Once they'd sorted things out, he would recover, find someone else.
John felt a bit ridiculous, planning to use a system made to deal with petty theft and break-ins to prevent his own potential kidnapping and murder. He had to admit, however, that he liked the idea of taking things into his own hands. About damn time.
He'd forgotten, in all the excitement, what the wedding would mean for him, and Sherlock, and the tiny, fragile potentials that he'd felt growing between them, all through the afternoon.
"It was fine," John said. "He thought it would be safer, meeting away from the party. Turns out it was, since a man's dead. But you know all about that, don't you?" As he spoke, he slowly, deliberately, slid his thigh between Mark's legs.
"Tom said the same things." Mark stood, and paced the room. "He was just as alone as you are."
None of these items could account for the weight he'd felt when he'd lifted the bag.
John laughed. He hadn't seen Sherlock in weeks, and yet, Sherlock seemed to know everything about what he'd been doing, everything he'd done.
"Hi." Mark shifted closer, pressing his forehead against John's, then pressing his lips in for a kiss. He tasted like toothpaste, and smelled like warm soap, his skin damp and fresh from the shower.
John turned out the light, and curled into a ball on his side, facing away from Mark. Ella had encouraged him to be more honest, now that he was in a relationship. It was important, she said, for him to talk about his feelings. "It hurts." His voice came out as a harsh whisper. "The way he came back, just like that. As if it were a joke."
A knock sounded at the door, as if someone were using both fists. The two of them broke apart, watching each other warily.
Cath was part of the conspiracy, somehow, John realised, his heart sinking. She wasn't holding any weapons. He supposed they could be grateful for that. "What?"
This was what it was all for: the pain, the lies, the risk. For nights just like this one, but better, because there would be no need to hold back. He couldn't let any of it show, but he could, just for tonight, allow himself to feel it.
"Yeah, I guess it is."
The flat was silent. Mrs. Hudson stood by the window, eyes on him. "Are you all right, dear?"
George had made a peace sign, and three quarters of an O.
He stepped away from the mirror, covered his eyes with his hand, and leaned against the wall, the towel rack digging painfully into his lower back. He smiled, despite himself. He understood what he wanted, better than he ever had before, and that should count for something, even if what he wanted could never be. The idea of hurting Mark, of dismantling their relationship, was impossible to contemplate.
He recalled, with a shudder, the things he'd shouted at him, on the last day, right before he died, in the lab at Barts.
Tomorrow, Mark would come home, and John would have to take on a persona of his own. Devoted fiancé. A stalwart man, who would never cheat, who would never lie, who would be grateful for everything his nice, fun, normal boyfriend had done for him.
Mark laughed, looking amused. "A bit. You?"
"Kill
"No." He inhaled deeply. His breath moved easily, nothing catching in his chest, except his impatience with the whole situation. He wanted Sherlock, wanted to see him, for more than a fraught, fleeting moment. "I think I'm okay." He let go of Mark's hand, touched his own forehead, and felt a bandage. "And this?"
Eventually, John had started talking too. The first time, the first words, came out apropos of nothing, when they'd stopped to sit on a park bench, the full moon riding high in the sky over London. It was June. A cold late spring was finally beginning to yield to a more temperate summer.
"I still think this is going to be stupid," John said, under his breath. "Seriously, what are we doing here?"
"Best if we aren't seen together. I'll leave in a while, once I know you're safe. Follow the trail back the way you came. Gabriel will be waiting to drive you home."
"What was that for?" Mark asked, his grin rakish, the question full of playful challenge.
His gut clenched as he found the first images of Mark, taken first from the street, and then from the camera by the front door, as he came home from the gym, his hair tousled with sweat, his black racquet bag slung over his shoulder, ruddy-faced and smiling, even though he was all by himself, even though there was no one to see.
Suddenly, John wanted to vomit. He stopped walking and put his hands on his knees, breathing deeply, struggling to keep hold of himself.
"Mark thinks he has John exactly where he wants him. He's expecting compliance, but also some kind of internal resistance on John's part. He would give John this time, let him make his way back to the party on his own, when he's decided to give up the fight. Since Mark probably sees, as you so eloquently put it, that John and I would never willingly leave each other, he'll be expecting us to take a moment to say our goodbyes. So that's what we're going to do, Agent Smith. If you would be so good as to wait in the hallway, or better yet, go back to the party directly, so as not to blow your cover."
"Right." Mark elbowed him again, leaned in, and kissed his cheek.
John let go first, his face flushed. He took a step back. There would be time for more, later, when John had sorted out his life, when he was ready to do things properly. Sherlock smiled down at the pavement. Silently, he turned and unlocked the door, stepped inside, and closed it behind him, leaving John alone.
Mark hit answer on his phone, and started talking into it. "Hi. Yes. Yes, I'm here. I'm listening. Go ahead." His tone wasn't anything he typically used with his friends. John ran through the possibilities, who it could be, who would call Mark on a Friday evening, about something that sounded so much like business.
To John's surprise, Sherlock folded her into his arms, and held her tight. "Of course. Always room for Watsons," he said, as he kissed the top of her head.
He laughed a little, and imagined the two of them bickering, and he wished, with everything he had, that he was there, instead of where he was.
"You." Mark smiled at him.
John reached for him, and pulled him in, burying his face in Sherlock's shoulder. He sighed heavily. "You jumped for us, to save us."
Her words closed around John's heart, a fist. "Yeah, I suppose so."
From his hiding place, he could see Sherlock's face as he stared at Mark, his mouth open, a look of tender revelation coming over him, as he listened to everything Mark said, about John's attachment to Sherlock. His devotion.
Sherlock sighed, and let his hand drop away from the computer. "For possibly the first time in my life, I can honestly say I wish I didn't have a case." He turned, and looked up at John, his expression soft, and open, and vulnerable.
He was certainly interested in taking photographs: he had loads of pictures on his phone. There were lots of Bainbridge, and also of Sholto, of his secluded property out in the country, and of the members of his staff, coming and going. He'd done his research, Jonathan Small. He'd planned carefully.
Mark's eyebrows shot up, and he looked at John, grinning, before he turned back to her.
Later that night, back at Baker Street, Sherlock took the stairs one at a time, his arm looped around John's waist, John's thrown over Sherlock's shoulder, the two of them negotiating the climb together. The familiar shapes of their chairs waited for them in the sitting room, where Sherlock lit a fire against the chill of the late winter night. He made buttered noodles with parmesan and oregano, a simple supper, which John ate in silence, wondering what would happen between them. Despite the throbbing ache of his leg, and the syrupy quality of his limbs from his post-dinner painkiller, he couldn't stand the thought of not touching Sherlock, not being with him, in his bed, now that they were finally alone together.
"And I you," Sherlock said, as he plugged the drive in.
He supposed he simply hadn't wanted to disrupt his idea of what Mark meant to him: stability, steadiness, domestic comfort. The security system was part of that whole problem: John hadn't wanted to think about the fact that he'd kept it to himself, that he'd had a vague idea that maybe Mark deserved to be spied on, even though he'd probably not done anything wrong.
"No one's supposed to be giving me away." John managed to keep his voice from cracking, as a memory of holding her hand as they'd walked home together came to the surface. They'd weathered a lot, everything that life had thrown at them. Watsons were tough.
John paused, speechless, more than surprised by Sherlock's candour. He wanted, terribly, to skip ahead to the end of what he'd planned to say, to be kissing Sherlock right now.
After that, he'd run mental calculations over and over, trying to see any fault in his own thinking. He and Mark were, as far as he could tell, still in a fixed position. The fact that Mark hadn't gone after Sherlock yet meant that he probably wouldn't. If John was right about the purpose of the wedding, then Sherlock would have to be alive to see it. Mark himself seemed bent on a game of his own, simultaneously counting on John to go through with everything, while becoming less and less concerned about hiding who he really was.
Mark stood, and poured wine into a glass, and handed it to John. "Drink. You've had a fright."
First, John had to find out the truth about
"Okay."
And underneath that, from a different username:
notice had replaced the whole ugly mess. He wondered, in a high panic, if he shouldn't just delete the post as well, pretend that it had never happened.
John handed the wine list back. "Well, surprise me." The man needed to go away, do his job. John was on the verge of breaking into a giggle. He could hardly have Mark coming down the stairs to find him with a lap full of exuberant waiter.
John's head began to clear. He shivered, but he felt lucid. He nodded at Sherlock.
Black clothes: a lightweight jacket, moisture wicking fabric. Trousers, of the same material. Lightweight black shoes, like nothing John had ever seen, the soles covered in a pliable rubber, so soft it seemed to stick to his fingertips.
John was full of questions: where Sherlock had been, why he'd done what he'd done. He couldn't guess what was going on in Sherlock's brain or heart, or the ways he'd lived in the world for the last two years, or what he'd meant by coming back in such a ridiculous way. Asking, though, would mean opening himself up to a torrent of fresh feelings. He couldn't risk that. Not when he was already so deeply disturbed.
