"I could say the same to you," Loki answered with a hint of a smile. "Take care, Mr. Stark." He closed the door behind him but left it unlocked as promised. He drew himself up to full height and took a deep breath. It was time to put the walls back up, at least long enough to try to maintain some control over the troops. Coulson and Barton would be on their way with an army of a sort, and he needed to be prepared.
Reaching reflexively for Logan's hand, Scott added softly, "He had to be sedated." It was hard to blame the man with everything he'd been through in such a short period of time. Losing Tony had obviously hit him like a ton of bricks. "Loki looked bad, but he seems to heal fast, and since he's gone... and it isn't like we have something else to hit him with." The man's tone bled frustration. "We don't have a plan C yet."
"It's less accurate than you'd hope," Nat returned with a sigh. If their last encounter with Loki was any indication, the man had no problem at all being in two places at once.
Clint was too tired to get reoriented quickly, and it was a good thing his harness kept him restrained long enough for him to calm down. Taking a deep breath, he finally tugged the release and stood with Phil, still feeling painfully eager to go back to napping in the chopper. Instead, he followed his handler to medical, staying close enough that he occasionally bumped lightly into the other man.
Logan woke to the sound of running water. He stretched lazily and kicked the covers off, smirking as he padded into the bathroom. With zero warning for his lover, he slipped into the shower with the other man and pressed him against the wall, his lips immediately finding Scott's neck and working a few of the sweet spots there before he drew back and gave Scott a casual peck on the lips. "'Mornin'," he said as if nothing had happened.
Only if you want to.
Phil's cheeks warmed, but he didn't make a single move to stop the man. It felt too good. Out in public they weren't in danger of taking things too far. It meant they had a strangely safe space in which to learn a little more about what fit and felt good. He let out a soft, pleased sigh at the touch of Clint's lips. The hand not carefully tangled with Clint's rose up to move over and through the asset's spiky hair. Everything around them disappeared.
Hawkeye stared darkly at the monitor, the muscles in his jaw working as his hands balled into fists.
Victor snorted, shoving Clint to the floor and moving toward Phil. "You talk too much, suit," he growled, catching Phil by the tie and staring hard at him. He had to admit to being impressed; Phil was keeping his cool rather well. "Just makes me want to hurt him more. He your little fucktoy?" Victor's gaze moved back to Clint, who was pulling himself back into a sitting position and already looping his cuffed hands under his legs to get them in front of himself. "I wouldn't try anything else, pretty. You wouldn't want me to perforate your pet bureaucrat." Clint froze, and Victor smirked, turning his attention back to Phil. "But it'd bother you if I hurt him, wouldn't it? Really hurt him. He's yours, isn't he? Or you want him to be. You want to fuck him. Maybe I should instead."
Fitz smiled at the suggestion as he poured himself a healthy glass of pure caffeine and sugar. "Don't see why not. And we are gorgeous subjects if I do say so myself."
Tony glanced at Steve in a way that was somewhere between apologetic and mischievous. "You, uh... If you're not gonna be weirded out... I mean, if Steve doesn't..." He paused. He felt like his mind was working at two thousand miles an hour and that simple human speech wasn't enough to get it all out at once. "Wanna come with us?"
Natasha tensed but said nothing against the idea. "We need to know-"
Tony raised an eyebrow. "One word: Magneto."
Steve gritted his teeth. Tony could have made a saint turn to sinning with his mouth. Finally Steve knew he could take no more. "Stop.... Tony, stop." If the man didn't quit, they'd be done all too soon. He could have happily fucked Tony's throat until he exploded, but there were other things that Steve wanted too. Voice husky, Steve explained, "I don't want to finish this up just yet. I haven't even been inside you, and I seem to remember you mentioning that on your wishlist."
"I was still working on that one when the call came, boss," Clint said with a faint smile. He did his best not to think about what was going to happen when Creed came back. He couldn't decide if it was more terrifying knowing that he was at the top of the menu or that Phil would have to witness it. Trying to keep his nervousness in check, Clint sighed quietly. "You think we should try to sleep? I mean, not that I like the idea of him sneaking up on us, but I think we'll be better off if we're rested."
Clint's jaw clenched and he looked to Nat. "Guess we all have our secrets," he said before turning his gaze back to Logan.
"I'm fine," Clint insisted, shrugging Phil's hand away, though he stayed put for the moment.
"Considering he put his tiny little labrat soul into making them able to help me in the first place, I'd call that a little mean," Tony said with his usual flippant grin. The armor slid away from one of his hands and he offered it to Steve, knowing just how small the blonde must have felt next to him. "C'mon, gorgeous. I've got a team to lead and you've got a bunch of people to convince I'm not just keeping you strapped to my bed."
"And when did you realize you were gay?"
Clint frowned, giving Phil a worried look. "'Keeping you up and walking around'..." he echoed slowly. His first thought was nothing to do with putting Steve back to being Captain America. Instead, he zoomed in on one question. "You think it's something that might... stop keeping you up and walking around?" he asked, feeling a small stab of fear. He was pretty sure he couldn't handle Coulson dying again. At least, not without it being well into the future. Preferably after Clint himself had gone ahead and kicked the bucket.
Scott shrugged. "People only see what's obvious." It was true of a lot of different things. For a long time he'd done himself the same disservice, never really exploring what he wanted enough to be sure about it. He'd accepted his life as it was, no questions asked. It hadn't been bad, but it hadn't fit him in every way it should have either. "I'm not making any decisions about the future right now," Scott observed as he clinked his bottle against Logan's, "except that I want you in it."
Nat shook her head firmly. "Don't. Don't do that. Not your fault." She breathed through a wave of nausea. When her stomach settled, she asked, "Did Logan get back? Loki said... but I didn't exactly trust him."
Tony was wiping himself off with his discarded shirt, and he paused at the words, arching an eyebrow. "More than one sense?" he asked hesitantly, unsure if he wanted to know. Well, Tony had never much heeded warnings regarding curiosity and cats. He wasn't a cat, after all. "What other sense are we talking about, here? Because if you're looking to get a piece of Stark Industries, you'll have to talk to Pepper Potts."
She quirked a smile and inclined her head. "Nothing good. I know you can't stay more than three feet away from each other. I know the look Logan gave you at dinner. I know how angry he was. That suggests his brother. His strong, psychopathic, sadistic brother." She sighed heavily. "What did he do to you?"
"And while I value her opinion greatly, I'm not out to have you run a SHIELD team. I need you to take care of the Avengers, and as bumbling, idiotic, alcoholic, selfish, and egotistical as you are, you seem to have a way of controlling chaos that defies all reason. And you actually stepped up in New York, so I think there might be a decent leader somewhere deep inside you, Tin Man."
Logan did and didn't all at once. SHIELD probably would want to know, and Logan figured it would be easier for Scott to tell him than someone like Coulson. He nodded. "I do," he said as gently as he knew how. Scott somehow looked even more vulnerable in the oversized clothing than he had wearing only underwear, and Logan found himself wishing he could comfort the man a little. The feral mutant doubted that Scott would find any comfort in anything Logan had to offer. Except... //Almost forgot.// Reaching into his bag, he pulled out a small case, opened it, and passed Scott a set of ruby-tinted sunglasses. "Here. For whenever you're ready to get some sun again."
The next part was more difficult to explain. Steve glanced up to check how Clint was taking things so far and ventured, "We eventually came back to the tower and... one thing sort of led to another... uh... I guess I kind of don't know what the day after's supposed to look like. Logan stayed on his own last night, and I stayed with Tony. I kind of know what it means for me. I don't really have a clue how either of them's taking it."
Coulson nodded his agreement. "It's not a scientific method to gauge by, but it's a start." Until they had a better strategy, it was something. "I keep trying to get Fury to say something about Thor. He won't. It's a bad sign."
Nat frowned. Despite her pain, the idea of her team in danger was enough to make her want to climb out of bed. "You need to talk to Coulson. To Fury." Nat let go of his hand and tried to sit up only to crumple back down with her eyes squeezed shut. "Make them understand. And if you see... if you see it in me, I want you to do the same thing."
"Understood." His finger was trembling as he quickly dials the first SHIELD contact he could think of.
"It's not my fault. He's like a big, furry teddy bear." Steve shrugged his shoulders and backed up, hands held up in a gesture of surrender before he disappeared into the bathroom. It felt like heaven to let the hot water cascade down over him. As the adrenaline wore off, Steve finally began to realize how tired he was. He'd been tense the entire time, worried about his team and about Loki and about whether they could recover the stupid hammer. Though he was still worried for the portion of the team who remained under wraps and for Clint, who'd obviously had too much contact with the hammer, Steve felt better knowing they'd gotten home in one piece. No one was badly hurt. No one had fallen completely apart. By the time he emerged from the bathroom he was tired, damp, but happy. "Naked enough? I'm pretty sure there's nothing else I can take off."
"So then we're back to the knife in the neck thing," Darien observed before gesturing for Clint to lead the way. "Let's go." He didn't have any particular fondness for the Agency and less for the way they'd been using him. If he had a shot at better treatment with SHIELD, it seemed worth trying, though Darien's hopes were low given that he was being drawn in with threats of violence. "Is this gonna be one of those creepy things where I'm in the back of a van with a bag over my head? Because unless you're buying me a drink first, I'd rather ride up front."
Logan hesitated, then settled at the bar beside Tony, hoping the guy would talk as little as possible. //Though 'shut up' doesn't seem to be in his vocabulary.// He had to give the guy one thing: most people had a tendency to cry, piss themselves, or beg for mercy-or all three-when Logan threatened them. Stark really hadn't done any of the above. "Yeah. Why not?" He glanced at the barkeep and muttered something to him in Japanese. The man seemed to gather himself and go back to his work with only a small tremor in his hands.
"Don't be sorry. Do finish your coffee. C'mon, let's go sit in the living room." Coulson grabbed his cup and flashed Clint a smile. It was good knowing that they could make things work, at least potentially. Potential was all he could ask from the situation. It was cute to see how easily Clint was flustered by the gentler side of things. Earlier in the club he'd been all predatory grace. With something more serious, more intimate, he blushed and stammered like a teenager. It was actually pretty sexy. "You don't have to worry about any of this being new. It's not new to me, but it's... it's a long time ago and pretty far away."
"Sarcasm, Bruce? Passive-aggressive just isn't you." Tony stood.
Steve's eyes widened in sudden understanding. "Oh. Oh, I... I'm sorry. That must have been... awkward." Which was precisely what he was feeling at the rather intimate touch and proximity. Steve gently moved Logan's hand away and took a step back. "I'd be happy to talk to him if you think it would help. I mean, I'm with Tony. I'm not looking to get in the way of anything."
"Foot down if you want to keep it," Phil snapped automatically as he started the car. He was glad for the dim garage and almost hesitant to leave it. To say it had been awhile was an understatement, and catching glimpses of Clint's admittedly gorgeous body while he shimmied into his clothing had left Phil slightly hot under the collar. It was understandable, he told himself. Totally normal. He was a red-blooded man, and so was Clint. It just happened to be unfortunately obvious when the man was wearing nothing but his underwear. Phil glanced over. It was almost worse with Clint in uniform. Though it was hardly revealing, it left his arms bare, and it was sexy as hell. //And I have really, really got to get laid.//
"I think I will," Bruce decided. "Maybe after a nap. But I will definitely take you up on that. Especially if it means getting to poke and prod Loki. Particularly the poking part. With sharp things." He meandered back toward the building slowly. He knew that he wouldn't get much sleep that night, and there was no point in rushing back when the company was so nice. "I'd like to get a look at how Steve's vitals are doing after the fight, too. I'm really impressed with his improvement so far."
"By which you mean it's nice I haven't been force-fed a tranquilizer sandwich by Fitz?" Bruce asked, though his usual sphinx-like smirk played at his lips.
When Phil looked ready to argue, Thor caught the man's eye and shook his head. Thor knew that pushing Clint on the matter at the moment would do no good, and that there was a fair chance of a dangerous outburst on Clint's part. The hammer had a powerful draw to it, especially for non-Asgardians.
Steve groaned as one of the sites automatically began playing a clip from one of the old reels. "Fine, as long as there's no musical numbers." The whole thing had been embarrassing. Exciting at the time, yes, but in the end, he'd been a laughingstock to the people he'd always wanted to fight beside. He clicked randomly through the images only to stop short. The picture showed him posing with his shield and very little else. Steve swallowed and looked to Tony, wincing. "I guess this is what you meant? The, uh, the fake pictures? Jeez, I mean... we're people." It was one thing being a symbol for righteous justice in America but another thing entirely having people throw around pictures of him half naked that weren't even real.
"Oh, no, I can... I mean..." Utterly flustered, Steve looked carefully at Tony. He was taken completely off guard by the suggestion, both pleased and worried about whether Tony would really keep wanting him there even if he thought he did. "I can get everything - there's not much - but are you sure?" The last thing he wanted was for Tony to start resenting him for being in the way. They'd had a great time together the night before even if the morning after had been a little awkward. He didn't want to mess it up.
"Thank you, Jarvis." Reluctantly, Phil shifted and offered Clint a faint smile. "No rest for the wicked. You ready for this?"
In which Steve and Tony finally get a moment alone.
"Less people, huh?" Logan quirked a faint smile. Nat's casual attitude when it came to violence was intriguing to say the least. Logan could definitely appreciate what Clint saw in her, obvious assets aside.
Steve smiled faintly through the tears. "Yeah. You got it, Jarvis. Thank you."
Tony moaned, his hips pushing uselessly against Steve's grip. It hurt his stitches a bit, but not enough to make him want to stop. The restraining hands pressing down on him were a strange turn-on. The thought of the restrained strength his lover used to keep him pinned made Tony that much hotter for the man. "F-for a guy that didn't get a lot of... practice... you're good at this," he managed.
Scott stuck close by Logan to keep the way clear. The man was breathing - barely - and that was about it. He tried not to let himself think about everything else that was going on around them. With their master gone, he noted that many Brotherhood members were retreating. "They're clearing out." They'd heard Steve, but he belatedly realized that Coulson's voice had been notably absent during the encounter, and was still silent. "Coulson, where are you? Barton?"
Victor snorted. "You will be. Because you're gonna remember this. You'll never forget it," he growled, groaning as he slowly worked himself into Phil's body. It was a tight fit, and the near total lack of lube didn't make it comfortable. But that wasn't the point.
Steve smiled back, expression sympathetic as he took the seat Coulson had vacated. The man slipped away as if he’d never been there, though Steve knew after spending so long at the tower that he would be somewhere nearby. “I’ll see about that. Think Captain America gets to pass out any get out of jail free cards?” Steve reached out and took one of Bucky’s hands even though it didn’t seem like he was in any immediate danger. It still felt better. “I should’ve made you come in after that headache you got this morning.”
Hawkeye couldn't help but feel nervous in the presence of the two mutants. Unlike Coulson, he knew very little about them, but he knew that they were powerful. "You could help us understand why he'd work with Loki." Clint shrugged as all eyes fell on him. "Loki wants to enslave humans, and I don't think he sees much different between my kind of human and your kind of human."
Taking Darien's cue, Clint hooked a hand behind the man's skull and started thrusting, his other hand keeping a white-knuckle grip on the countertop. With an unrestrained cry, he came down Darien's throat, burying himself balls-deep in the tight heat. He held Darien there a little longer than was strictly polite before staggering backwards and sliding to the floor, his back against the cabinets opposite Darien. He grinned sloppily and let his head fall back, panting and clearly a bit more relaxed than he had been a few moments ago.
Although Tony remained deeply concerned about the situation, his eyebrows shot up in surprise. "Oh, so you're admitting that I am the genius of the group?" he teased with mock-seriousness. "I must be having a profound effect on you, because you've made a lot of progress since moving in with me." Tony tossed a sly wink in Steve's direction, then his expression softened. "Why don't you try and get some rest? I really don't like seeing that pretty face of yours looking so tired." Tony managed to reach across and squeeze the other man's knee without causing himself pain. "And, if you want to undress right here, you won't hear me complaining."
"No," Clint replied, stepping back enough to remove his bow and quiver and tossing them aside. His left hand - still clad in an archer's glove - tugged Darien's shirt upwards and slid along the man's well-toned side while Clint used his free hand to hold Darien firmly against the wall. He leaned in for another bruising kiss, then nipped at Darien's jaw and throat. Drawing away, Clint tangled a hand in Darien's hair and used the grip to drag him to his knees. The marksman's other hand went to his belt, unclipping it as he growled, "You're gonna suck me."
Logan, crouched in the back of his cell, didn't move. The remains of Clint's arrow were still scattered across the concrete floor; Logan had cut the projectile from his chest the moment he'd regained a little lucidity. No one had had the nerve to get in the cell with him and remove them, though. In fact, the agents had been drawing straws to see who had to get close enough to pass him a tray of food. Apparently, he'd gotten a lot crazier before he'd finally calmed down, no doubt because whatever was riding around in the back of his brain had finally figured out that he wasn't getting out of the cell. "Y'know, Rogers... I never figured on askin' someone to put me in a cage," he finally muttered, pushing himself away from the wall. It was awkward. While he'd still been disabled, they'd fitted him with adamantium gloves, keeping him from extending his claws. Moving to the door, he leaned against it, pressing his face to the clear blast proof polymer that served as a window. "How's Scott?" he wanted to know. He'd heard the agents mention the man's name enough times to know that something had happened. "And Nat?"
In which Tony realizes Loki's motivations may not be quite as anticipated.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
The second blow from Steve was enough to dislodge Victor Creed from his perch on top of Tony, and the man immediately turned his attention on the Captain, swinging a handful of adamantium at the soldier. He got a bit of a shock, though, when the claws struck Steve's battle-scarred shield. His surprise didn't slow him down more than a split second. In fact, the surprise served to fuel his rage, and Victor latched his hand over the edge of Steve's shield and used the leverage to vault over the barrier and take a swipe at the blonde Avenger.
Steve allowed himself a moment of help, "He might still be himself?"
Clint kicked away, leaving just a few shreds of the garment intact, blue eyes defiant. Anything he could do to stall would give them more opportunities to get out of this mess. Clint growled in pain, though, when Victor kicked him and shoved him to his face on the floor.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
"Real thing is definitely better," Clint decided, letting himself practically melt against Phil's form once again. It felt amazing to be against his handler, to feel so safe. Clint was quiet for a moment before something occurred to him. "Hey, you remember that op where we got forced to hide together in the broom closet? Where it was so close we could barely close the door?" He turned his head to look at Phil and smiled slowly, a wicked spark in his eye. "And I was complaining about your sidearm poking me... but it wasn't your sidearm, was it?"
May's voice broke through his reverie, "Almost there. Another five minutes. Be ready to land."
"That depends on whether I'd be horrifying my new coworkers by offering," Natasha answered, looking to Scott. "I don't tend to invite myself to things like this - well, with anyone but Clint. He doesn't get a vote."
"Damn you being so damn sexy." Steve nipped gently at Tony's neck and then forced himself to stop. "I'm gonna take good care of you... in every possible way. Though for now that's mostly going to mean meds and rest." His phone buzzed and Steve grabbed it. "Clint's in talking to her. She's pretty wiped. Maybe no visits tonight, so...." Steve grinned wickedly and pulled the covers off of Tony. "Still up for some fun?"
A second, two, and Steve opened his mouth to taste the seam of Tony's lips. It alighted Tony who grabbed Steve and pulled him down completely on top of him. ”Yeah,” Tony breathed against Steve's mouth.
They didn't get a lot of working out done, but Tony got half an hour's worth of footage from several angles of Steve beating up a punching bag (in reality about five different bags), landing aerial kicks into it and finally hitting it hard enough to send it flying through the air and slamming into a wall.
"I get that. I'm not stupid."
”Really, I'm blushing.”
“I can’t believe this. The last time you’ve driven was during the war,” Tony said. “And now you want to drive a Bugatti Veyron.”
Steve wasn’t sure since he kept his eyes mostly on the road, but Tony seemed to sit up straighter.
“At least we’re clothed,” Steve argued. “And maybe they’d think we’re fighting.”
“Sorry,” Tony murmured.
"That's untrue," Steve interrupted him.
“I can’t honestly say,” Steve said. “I never witnessed anything and he was known for chasing ladies. But he did keep a very mixed company, you know. Throwing parties for artists and the like, musicians, actors and actresses. I’m sure he was open-minded about it, even if it wasn’t something he was into.”
”You see, for all the ingenuity of the Wakandans, they haven't had the same toils we have. They can bullet proof your suit, but they don't alien proof it.” A silence. ”And while the black thing is very flattering, I think I like the blue on you more. It left
”Then I suppose you are leaving.”
“Not that competent,” Steve noted. “Or they would have killed us instead of most likely trying to coerce you into designing them weapons and using me as a test subject.”
”There didn't happen to be any shirts?”
Steve snorted. ”
Steve wasn’t generally speaking very much into glad-handing with the rich and famous who wanted a picture with a superhero, but, alas, needs must. They were invited to the awards dinner by the mayor and they needed to keep a good relationship with the city and its elected officials. And, as Tony had pointed out, the public liked seeing them show a united front, posing for pictures on the red carpet as a team.
Tony was saved from coming up with an answer to that by Sam Wilson making himself known in the doorway.
They shared a very uncomfortable silence, until:
“The workshop doesn’t do it for me, either,” Steve said. He knew these were uncharted waters and the last thing he wanted was to make Tony more uncomfortable around him, but weirdly enough this topic seemed to be transforming into an inside joke between them. Steve would gladly use his romantic proclivities as a conversation point if it kept things friendly between them.
Steve gave a careful smile. "Tony."
“Had better ones,” Tony said. “And worse.”
"That I don't have a nickname for you."
Not really in the mood to talk about before-and-after, he continued: ”You don’t wanna date me, do you?”
Feeling silly just standing there alone, Steve sat down on the side of the bed and took off his shoes and socks. His pants were the next logical step – he wasn’t going to sleep in them – but it still seemed a bit presumptuous.
Steve knew Sam was at heart as much of an adrenaline junkie as the rest of them and he was aware that Tony’s armor was standing guard at the edge of the landing pad in case Sam needed aerial help but his heart still gave an extra beat when Sam jumped off the building and dived down to gain speed before opening the wings.
Sound of running carried to his ears. “They’re coming,” he told Natasha and Tony.
He was uncomfortable with his ass freezing against the floor but none of that even registered at that moment. Few strokes in and he was as close as anything, so he pulled Tony to kiss him.
Tony drank the glass empty. It still burned.
“So Thor won?” Steve ventured, hoping Tony didn’t have the guts to go through with the topic.
“Yeah?” Steve put his hand on Tony’s hips. “So what you just said about the Beatles and all that, the age difference and being too old to come out, you didn’t mean that?”
“Would you have come had you – received it?”
He sighed. He wanted Tony, in a lot more ways than just the one. He wanted to be with Tony.
Steve swallowed. Tony noticed that, too.
Tony gave his best shit-eating grin. ”Only the nice kind of trouble.”
”What do you mean?”
“No.”
“After we what? It was just handjobs, big deal,” Tony said.
“I don’t know what you’d do without me,” Tony said then, still playful.
Tony placed gentle kisses against Steve’s lax mouth as he came down from the high.
“I’m not really sure how this is helping me,” Steve pointed out.
To that, Steve had actually several answers, but he knew it might be too much to be honest about the more physical characteristics that made Tony attractive to him.
”Yeah,” Tony replied.
“Yeah, that’s the weird part,” Tony muttered sarcastically.
Whether they’d been left together on accident or on purpose, it was a given that they were probably spied upon. Steve knew it and Tony knew it and they both knew not to talk about the whereabouts of the rest of their team.
“I meant it. Yes.”
That was
Chuckling, Natasha replied: “You mean he doesn’t take your hypocrisy easily?”
Swallowing his apprehension he got into the glass-walled room.
”The absolutely viral love letter of a video you made about Steve.”
Steve knew they weren't talking about Bucky taking out taken girls once upon a time. ”I doubt myself all the time. But not in this. I don't doubt you.”
It was good they were not moving, waiting to be let out of the SHIELD compound, so Steve could turn to give Tony a long and incredulous look without fear of crashing.
”Steve Rogers!” Tony said, pretending, at least he thought so, to be affronted. ”I'll have you know I'm engaged.”
“Perfect,” Tony answered.
”He also didn't like it when I told him you fucked me so good I lost my mind.”
Steve had a hard time not to laugh. ”This is horrible.”
”Well, sure,” Tony agreed. ”But it’s not like anybody would believe that – it’s not like they’d believe it themselves. They’d just make the insinuation for the sake of it, to hit their click-bait quota.”
Steve cringed. Tony noticed: how could he not when he was staring at him?
Bucky didn't say it again, but he looked at Steve like Steve was an idiot. ”I'm sure he's got the best intentions. I'm also sure he's got a horrible impulse control. You could have him if you took your shirt off and bicep curled a helicopter again, I can guarantee that. Even I swooned.”
“And why not?” A hint of teeth underneath Steve’s ear. “I have a perfectly usable table here.”
As he rushed to his workshop, Tony realized he hadn't cleaned the espresso machine, but decided to let it be. Steve would probably do it.
“Listen,” Steve said when Tony seemed to have the sense not to go into detail about the issue at hand. “I’ll very gladly pretend I never said anything. It doesn’t mean anything.”
Not with a thought but with only a need Steve let his legs open to get Tony fit between them. He squeezed his thighs around Tony’s hips so that they pressed tightly together where it suddenly mattered the most.
”Do you want to hear what I’m thinking?” Tony asked, finally.
there when they made their way to the front of the house: a limousine planned to fit the whole team if need be. Tony and Steve took their places less than a foot apart.
“I got you. We can drop it if you want.”
. It was a battle to choose whether to say something sappy or something teasing. The latter won, in the end.
Tony kissed him wetly, hungrily, his mouth open. He broke the kiss to breathe against Steve's lips: ”Get down.”
Relieved, Steve heard Clint back off. Finally.
Although to be completely fair, it didn’t look like the others cared that much except for some slight ribbing.
Now Steve witnessed Tony swallow, take a step forward. ”I can't say I did,” he confessed, his voice low.
“Alright,” Steve agreed. “It sounds nice.”
She snorted. “Hard not to, especially in those jeans. What, did you sew them on?”
Tony straightened an imaginary wrinkle from Steve's shirt. Steve filled his shirts far too well to leave room for wrinkles. ”I'm sure I would come. Although perhaps after watching.”
Steve swallowed. ”Is that why you don't like to be with me?”
”I'm completely free tonight.”
“I didn’t think you’d noticed,” he said.
Tony gave up and rolled his eyes. “Fine. Whatever. The specs? Meet me in the workshop in an hour, that good enough for you?”
Steve smiled. “Can you do it?”
”Come like this?” Tony mumbled against Steve's cheek.
“You know,” he started, feeling daring, “speaking of your father, you’re only the second Stark to fondle my chest.”
Maybe that was in itself already cheating, at least according to the Bible, but Tony wasn't a very religious man, nor Pepper a religious woman. They had an understanding about flirting with others, though Tony had an inkling that what was going on with Steve might not have fallen under flirting. He ignored it.
”No. No, whatever it is you are suggesting. I just don't want to make old mistakes. This is me trying to think about you more.”
The surround sound audio system, combined with the fact that they were both silent, meant that the song felt like a background music to a movie scene – Steve could imagine too well what happened next in this particular film.
Steve leaned over and pressed one of the said cheeks with many little kisses. Tony turned his head to claim Steve’s lips with his own and Steve accepted his lips with a happy hum.
Before he could say anything, Tony disappeared in the blink of an eye.
Steve smiled at Tony but his eyes slipped from his boyfriend and were drawn to his own reflection of the mirror behind Tony. He had a fine layer of hair growing on his scalp and a growing stubble of light blonde hair highlighting his jaw. His entire head was red like his hands except for his left side which splotchy red, pink, and white. It was glossy as if wet and Steve’s eyes flickered down as his stomach churned unpleasantly at the sight.
“Nothing is going to happen, Tony,” Steve sighed. “I know I messed up in the past but losing you changed that. I am not going to lose you again.”
However, he could tell Steve was torn when he broke his gaze from Tony's and stepped away. The super soldier stated, “We can't, Tony…”
“What do you have in mind?” Wade asked.
“We made out and you almost made love to me on my couch!” Steve replied, with a slight shove to Tony’s shoulder. “
“It’ll take time, but I’ll be able to do it,” Cable promised. He nodded to the frozen mass of bodies where the Goblin was in the middle of it all and he said, “I can only keep time frozen for half an hour more or it’ll start to warp. We have that time to find all of the remains of the reactor and then go back in time to fix this.”
Gabe acted immediately, pulling Tony’s hands back and demanding, “Tony, were you injure – injured…”
At the forefront of the room, was Dr. Bruce Banner, Scott Lang, and Peter's parents. Standing behind them were the Vision, Wanda Maximoff, Sam Wilson, James Rhodes, Natasha Romanoff, Bucky Barnes, and even Pepper Potts.
Steve wound his arm around Tony and agreed, “It’ll be nice to finally have a vacation…”
Steve held up the supplies he collected and Tony’s eyes grew larger as he gasped, “Food!”
Once the buffoons left, Norman destroyed all the evidence. They were clearly too worried about the boy to truly consider Norman’s role in the matter. In fact, no one had approached him for questioning, not even one of the Avengers. Their number one priority was finding Venom and “curing” the boy, and it was a bad mistake.
He set his internal clock. He would be gone no more than an hour, two at most. Peter would be fed and hopefully calm down without Steve and his grief to upset him more...
“And so was I!”
“Why?”
Peter’s lower lip was jutted out and he was not looking at Steve. Steve sighed and then made the decision to tell his son something he thought he would be telling him when he was much older. He stated, “Uncle Bucky almost killed me and Aunt Tasha once.” Peter tensed in his hands and stared wide-eyed at Steve. Steve continued, “He was under the control of the trigger words and, back then, we didn’t know he had a safe word. He got as far as pointing the gun at both of us before he broke free. We were lucky, but next time we or you or Stepan might not be so lucky…That is why we told you two the safe word. I nor Uncle Bucky ever want you to have to look down the barrel of his gun.”
“Stay in the bed, Petey,” Steve murmured as he shuffled across the room. There was a dresser and after opening half a dozen drawers, containing medical supplies and hospital gowns, he came across some sweatpants.
Wade quickly opened the door when they reached it and Peter jerked him inside. Peter then slammed the door closed by pushing into Wade’s body with his own and slamming his mouth against Wade’s.
,” Steve suddenly said. “This was taken in New York. That’s the Hudson in the background!”
Peter shook his head and raised his gaze to look up at Wade. The shield parted with his mental prod and he murmured, “You’re not dumb, Wade…I was the stupid one to think this whole dinner would work…”
“I didn’t know…” Steve whispered, gently running his fingers over Tony’s side.
Tony sat up excitedly as Steve walked alongside their truck. He hadn't seen the super soldier since they parted that morning. If he were able, he'd lean down and steal a kiss from the man for finding Tony in his hour of need. Instead, he smiled warmly at him and said, “Just bored.”
“Cape block!” Harry countered.
Tony could feel the metallic shards in his chest move as they closed in on his heart. But he had a sinking feeling that once they reached their destination all they were going to find was an already broken heart.
“Says the man who revealed to the world he was Iron Man the day after the press learned about him,” Pepper retorted sarcastically.
“Boss…it looks as if Wade-.”
“Steve,” he heard her weakly groan from within the mass of tangle metal.
“It’s nothing,” Tony murmured and moved in to kiss the side of his jaw. Steve stopped him by lifting Tony’s shirt.
“That sounds dangerous,” Steve stated, staring levelly at his soulmate from across the counter space between them.
Peter snorted and elbowed him in his side. He said, “Seriously, Wade! I’m am not going to come out with the only word being a tag to tacos!”
Peter went back downstairs and pulled his father’s photo out of the album. He searched, looking for any minute detail of similarity, but could not find a single. Peter’s stomach clenched uneasily and a resolve built within him. He jumped to his feet and ran over to the closet.
, anyone home?” Tony said sarcastically, stepping closer to Steve. Steve jerked back and Tony’s brows shot up in surprise. He raised his hands in a calming motion and placated, “Hey, I mean no harm. I just want to make sure you mean no harm to me either…I can’t find any information on you and, since my movie trivia is up to date, that usually means you’re either a hitman, in the witness protection program, or an alien intent on invading Earth. Who are you, Enigma? What do you want with me?”
Tony watched with absolute fascination as his armor formed around him, seemingly out of thin air.
In his ear, Stark chirped, “Am I good to make my report yet?”
Tony was instantly enraged by the thought of Steve with someone else. He wanted to lash out at Steve for even thinking it but…Tony sighed. This is what he wanted and “casual” had its drawbacks and he knew from the beginning Steve was not a casual guy.
Tony eventually forced himself to stop kissing his super soldier before they got too inappropriate. Pepper hustled them out of the hospital and into a waiting car. With Happy at the helm, they were able to get out of there just as the news vans were pulling up.
Steve sighed heavily and placed the phone on the edge of the tower. He pushed himself up and looked at the world beneath him one last time before turning away.
Tony ran into a clearing and pointed his gun in the direction the shots were coming from. He pulled the trigger and nothing happened. Tony cursed to himself and fiddled with his gun, ignoring the blue rays that were shot in his direction.
He took the long way back to the tower. He drove down to the Lower Bay then made his way up the coast with the Hudson River on his constant left. Despite the hour, the river was busy with ships. The docks were bustling: unloading and loading crate.
He turned back to Stark and saw the man’s eyes had narrowed slightly from seeing Wade lean into Peter. Wade happily replied, “Just enjoying the ambiance.”
Tony stepped back giving Steve just enough room to stand. If Peter was not awake Steve would have lingered. The knowledge that he was crying hurt to hear and he knew the longer he stayed the longer Peter would be scared.
The rumor of the robotic man from the future spread faster than a wildfire in dry bushland. The 107
Eddie had laid still in the soft guest bed as the alarms blared the night prior. He knew it was because of Venom. He didn’t get up and no one came to check on him. He just lay there until it stopped and then closed his eyes and fell back asleep with a heavy, conflicted heart.
“It is so frightening and exhilarating all at once,” Steve confessed.
Tony cut him off as he kissed Steve.
“Hmmm, I just saw a six foot, blond man, carrying a certain shield. He kinda looks like your guy,” she stated and began to disassemble her rifle.
Tony bit down on his lower lip and slowly released it, making Steve’s mouth water. God, he wanted to go back to kissing him. Tony raised his hand back to the hem of his robe at chest level and unhurriedly drew it to the side. The soft fabric caressed his skin as it parted and exposed him to Tony. At first, only a little was exposed, a column of his right pec, torso, hip, and thigh. His penis and the rest of them remained hidden behind the rest of his robe.
He never understood why they called him an “asset.”
Steve turned stiffly to see who tried to attack his defenseless son.
“I’m sorry,” Steve hissed, wishing he could take on all the pain himself. Blood was still dripping from his mouth but now that he was on his side it was no longer pooling at the back of his throat. Tony gasped for breath, never once releasing Steve’s hands.
Steve’s fingers dug into his sketchbook as he looked down at his son and saw the toy in his arms. Steve had been sitting in the community living room with his sketchbook open on his lap. He had tried to distract himself and draw but his pages remained bare.
“Do you have it?” Steve pressed.
This Tony was not yet him.
Remorse coursed through his system as he considered using the blanket to contact Bucky but a need overwhelmed that remorse. It was the same need he felt when he ran after Bucky, despite Tony’s protests and his own rationale. It was the same need that propelled him to the elevator.
Tony snorted to himself as a solution came to him.
“Natalia,” Natasha stated in a whisper. Tony’s head shot up and he saw Natasha staring at Barnes in anguish. She too must have seen the futility at this point. She also saw the man she once loved had no conscience. In a broken whisper, she continued, “My real name is Natalia. Once upon a time, only you and I knew that.”
It was that strength Tony had been relying on to sleep without nightmares, to have faith when fighting the seemingly undefeatable villains, or needed when comforting their broken son…Tony’s entire being had become engrained with Steve’s. Steve’s strength was Tony’s and now Tony, once hailed as Time magazine’s Man of the Year, felt as helpless as a newborn babe. His strength was gone. It was another thing that had died with Steve.
Steve jumped to his feet and gasped, “Yes!”
He and Bucky got on line for food and Steve numerously looked over his shoulder to Tony. Tony always seemed to be looking his way too and Steve would turn away from him with a pleased smile.
“Uncle Thor brought me here to wait with Harry until the fight was done,” Peter explained. “And since I was here, I thought I’d come see you…if that’s alright?”
He stared at him mostly, categorizing his quirky features that he liked most about him, remembering his expressions when they’d made love or just laughed together, and worrying over the changes that had occurred and marked him as unwell. Since being bedridden, Tony hadn’t shaved and had his beard growing back in. He looked closer to the man he had originally met, stepping out of the Iron Man suit and into Steve’s life, forever changing it.
“I-I w-was just surprised,” he gasped. “It felt so good…felt so good that I could barely breathe.” His skin felt like it caught ablaze under Tony’s fingers. Steve looked bashfully down and murmured, “D-Don’t stop.”
To them, Steve was a downed pilot who had miraculously survived.
“Tony Stark was here,” Peter stated and his aunt’s jaw dropped and horror clouded her eyes.
Coulson pinched his chin, turned to the nearest agent, and commanded, “Set up a perimeter immediately and find the nearest camp of civilization. Check to see if they got any unexpected visitors or if any of their supplies went missing.”
He had wrestled with his insecurities throughout his workout and was finally able to harden his heart against the silly notion that had been born from his short liaison with Tony. He went to bed with his body tired and his mind resolved yet sleep was hard to attain and he tossed and turned all night.
Forget this new AI being secretive, their future was laid out before them in a collage of framed photos on the wall.
Without any warning, he plunged his metal fingers into the flesh of his right arm and ripped out his implant.
She gently crooned something to him and helped him sit up. She just as gently took the bottle of sleeping pills out of his clutch and put them on the counter.
Tony smirked into the kiss and whispered, “Looks like I survived and you’re still stuck with me.”
Steve scowled at the ground and asked in a small voice, “Do you think he will forgive me?”
DUM-E squealed in agreement and Steve let him pull him deeper into the lab. Tony was glad Steve was busily paying attention to DUM-E because Tony had the biggest, goofiest, most embarrassing smile split his face as he watched his soulmate walked hand-in-hand with his creation, admiring all that Tony had made.
Steve’s heart rate raised exponentially and his flush deepened.
Steve began to rise his hips to meet Tony’s thrusts, his hands were digging deeper into the mattress. Tony’s fingers clasped his ass harder, probably leaving bruises. His goatee scratched his inner thigh as Tony sucked and kissed him the flesh of his leg. When his tongue flicked out to taste Steve’s flesh, Steve knew he needed that tongue in his mouth now.
“Your maker sounds like a funny guy,” Bucky commented.
Tony hit the man with everything he had but the blond still remained standing. He was a perfect conduit for Tony to unleash his rage on. Every time the giant slammed his hammer, the very teeth rattled in Tony’s skull and a strange tingling fear raced up his spine but he ignored all that to keep pushing at the man.
“You should take better care of it,” Coulson admonished and looked suspiciously between the two. Stark’s voice was not very forthcoming. He continued, waving to the sketch, “This is a piece of history. It should be preserved not sitting out on a kitchen counter where it can easily be destroyed.”
“Nice,” Tony supplied, making Steve flush.
Steve cleared his throat and replied, “Yes…”
Clint, Natasha, and Bruce all sat on the other side of the table. These three were the team’s night owls and were their usual quiet selves that morning. All three had cups of coffee and were eating their breakfasts silently. Clint was actively listening to the conversation and would mumble input as he ate his pancakes with the limited edition peach syrup.
“Anthony Edward Stark, if this is fake or real, I want you to swear to me right now that you are not going to treat Steve like one of those ditzy one-night-stands you usually hook up with. Because Steve is
The glass walls and door darkened just as Pepper walked through them. With a scared expression, she looked to the container then to Tony and then back to the container again. She finally gasped, “That’s Sergeant Barnes.”
Deadpool froze and seemed to stop breathing. Suddenly, he surged forward and grabbed Logan's uniform. Shaking him, Wade gasped, melodramatically, “BRING ME!”
But I’m back and we’re going back to weekly updates again! No more out of state bachelorette parties for the foreseeable future!
He'd eaten before he got there to avoid any sort of meals with the parental units. Wade leaned in and murmured, “Nah, I’ve already had dinner.”
“Maybe when I die, we’ll just be here for eternity,” Tony mused, snuggling into Steve’s side as they came off their orgasm high.
“Coulson also wants a confirmation and also wants to know how you kept this quiet from the largest spy agency on the planet,” Pepper added, dryly.
Cap cut him off and said, “No. Sneaky is right. We shouldn't meddle with the past or future. Put everything back where you found it and pull your people out. We'll empty the room and then put a guard on it and then we won't use it until we send Sneaky home.”
But then he recognized the voices of the present, of the Avengers...of Bucky and Natasha.
“Using her powers for something other than the greater good, shame on you, Pepper,” Tony murmured but Wanda merely laughed.
Peter sighed lightly to himself and whispered to his friend alone, “I know you were put through the ringer yesterday and I’m sorry you had to go through that…you are awesome. You’re a great friend, Eddie, can…can we still be friends?”
By the way the super soldier had collapsed heavily into the bench beside him after their timers went out, Tony guessed Steve hadn’t thought this was possible either.
Steve asked, “Inappropriate?”
But he wasn’t expecting something to happen to himself.
“I won’t,” Peter promised and he meant it.
Steve was peering down at the floor. Tony carefully laid his hand on the top of his head. His light blond locks were darker when wet and hung heavily from his scalp.
Why did Steve do that?
“And then he said the radio’s transmission was cut,” Tony wrapped up. “My dad looked everywhere for the wreckage…he had people looking for you till the day he died, but all they found was the tesseract.”
“You are my target,” he murmured. The compulsion was nearly gone but it was still there, lurking in the back of his mind.
even sometime soon.
“N-No!” Peter strangled the mask in his hands and repeated, “You did not know. Oh my God, you really did not know. You did not know and I just told you. I did not even wait for you guys to…Oh my God, I told you.”
“I just want to see Peter,” Steve said.
“Try not to sound too impressed there, buddy,” Tony sarcastically said. “I’m not done with it. I need to strengthen it and add on a paint job…Do you want the red star again? Or would you like to try a different symbol? Or maybe nothing at all?”
Someone else was there.
. “J, did I just hallucinate that?”
not healthy, Tony,” Steve groaned. He let his head fall back on the couch and he wondered what other unhealthy things Tony had been doing and how long he had been doing them.
Venom no longer attempted to keep up its disguise and its black mass appeared as it tried to push away. Steve grunted but held onto Peter. Steve gritted through clenched, red teeth and hissed, “
He leapt over the fence and an alarm started to blare. He ignored it and ran to the small plume of smoke rising out of the roof. Steve grabbed whatever he could to propel himself up and memories of his last moments with Tony spurned him to move faster.
When he learned Steve was going to be gone for a while he regarded Steve with a pout and commanded, “Don’ go.”
They exchanged banter the rest of the night and Steve noted Tony was smiling wider and more warmly than before. He accounted it with his inadvertent confession. He’d never revealed his true feelings to Tony before, fearing his reaction. But, now, he was glad he did it.
The 225 amp arc welder, that was the size of an old toaster, and probably looked the most dangerous just because it was hanging off his belt by a climber’s hook.
Coulson nodded curtly and got on his phone. He continued to scroll through the list of names Tony gave him with a grim expression.
“It is going to be bad, Tony,” Steve stated in his commanding Captain America voice. “But we can’t push this off because he might be upset. The longer you wait the more upset he will become.” Steve grasped his arm tightly and stated, “I will be with you every step of the way. You won’t be alone.”
“Of course, now go to sleep!”
What if he became stranded in the past?
Iron Man stood to Tony’s right, Gabe was on his left and had his fingers on Tony’s wrist, counting his heartbeat. The other two stood at the foot of Tony’s makeshift cot. Tony was in the middle of saying to Gabe, “- type of metal. So anything to counteract metal poisoning I guess…”
Tony spit out his chips and Peter dropped a mug. Bucky laughed and Steve looked like he was fighting laughing and frowning all at the same time which created an odd, warring expression on his face.
He came to Fury’s call and stood next to Coulson. His handler spared him a small, comforting smile before looking back to Fury. As soon as he was there Fury began his explanation of their mission and target.
The Soldier tried to hide it but a week later, he was found out.
The edges of his vision was darkening and, when the Soldier eventually lowered his gun, Tony couldn't tell if what he was seeing was real or not.
Tony peered at him questionably then twitched against Steve as if shocked. Tony cautiously touched the arm wrapped around him then slowly ran his hand down Steve’s side before finally clapping his ass.
Coulson demanded from the junior agent at his side, “No one else has been here?”
Steve smirked at his boyfriend and whispered, “Wait, stay with me a while. We haven’t been alone since…well since-.”
Tony blinked in surprise and crossed his arms over his chest. He mumbled, “I’m not sure. What time is it?”
Wade had been listening in and turned bright red upon Peter’s statement. He scoffed, “I wouldn’t call it
” Tony whispered and then kissed him gently. Steve melted into his embrace and cupped Tony’s face to better kiss him.
“Do you think we’ll ever find out who did it?” Peter asked curiously.
Steve went with Sam to the hospital and Tony went downtown to help with the debris.
“How did you know you were gay?” Peter asked Steve.
Tony spared Steve a short, sad smile, but looked back to the team and assured them in a lie, “I am fine.”
Tony went rigid and sputtered, “H-How-Jarvis-?”
Why was fate so cruel?
Steve kept kissing him though, pressing kisses into his lips, his cheeks, his jaw, his forehead, and the like. He never wanted to stop kissing him. After all of those years of denying this, he wanted to make up for their lost time.
Tony grew bitter. He’d spent ten years of his life working to find his mate and he still had to wait another ten years to find this
Finally, Steve rolled his eyes and held out his hand to the jerk that had helped him. He reluctantly said, “Thank you. I didn’t need your help but the extra punches you doled out were helpful.”
“We can’t delay. Our captors will notice its shape is not anywhere near a Jericho missile…”
Tony always assumed he would be the first to die. He was older and he was a normal human with no healing factor. He had no spectacular talents or superpowers other than his suits so he was more likely to die in battle. The odds were stacked against him when compared to Steve and he accepted this fact. In some sick, twisted way, he was happy about it. He could not fathom burying his husband.
“So we’ll end up in some gossip rags, big deal,” Steve snorted. “We won’t be arrested or publicly shamed at least.” Steve smiled warmly at Tony and pressed his forehead to Tony’s as he whispered, “I don’t care what others think but I do want a night out with my fella and celebrate both of us being engaged.”
“No, Peter!” Steve screamed and lunged forward. By he was not fast enough. Venom disappeared into the sewers. Steve tore off the grating and a piece of the street but when he peered down into the sewers he saw no sign of the symbiote.
Steve’s eyes were dancing and his smile was still a little sad but was bigger than before and was filled with gratitude and love. Steve leaned in and nuzzled his head back onto Tony’s shoulder. He didn’t feel as heavy this time and it made Tony smile.
“…Have you always liked men?” Steve asked, wanting to know ever since the elevator doors sealed between him and Tony.
Tony. I’m sorry to have done that to you!”
He couldn’t do anything for Peter but, in this situation, he was utterly useless. All he could try to do would be to rip that thing from him but Banner had warned doing such a thing may be catastrophic. The symbiote had tried to strangle Peter for him merely thinking of getting rid of it. They had no idea what it would do if they actually tried it.
Wade instantly tore off the mask and looked at Peter with his own eyes. Peter leaned into the car and then sat on the seat next to Wade. Happy was gone, probably shooed away by Peter to give them some privacy but Wade hadn’t even noticed because he was all eyes for Peter.
“Where’s your shirt?” Clint asked Tony, taken aback. He came to a halt but Natasha kept moving. His eyes shot to Steve and widened. He gasped, “And
He pointed his webshooter at a far off building and shot the solution at it. Peter tugged and they went flying off the roof. Wade stretched out his arms like he was flying and laughed excitedly as the flew through the sky.
Then the doctors left, leaving only Steve, Tony, and Peter in the room.
“Humor your old Pops,” Steve said. Peter sighed, probably too tired to protest and opened his mouth. Steve grinned and excitedly fed him the scoop. When Peter first started living with him, he was old enough to feed himself. Steve never got many opportunities to hand feed him.
When they pulled into the Avenger’s parking area, Bruce, Thor, and Coulson were waiting by the elevator. Peter was sitting in Bruce’s arm and was sucking on his thumb.
“Stark,” she commented dryly, stepping in his way. “Just the man I wanted to see.”
And Steve was not in his bed again.
He really was there in his arms and…they had to breathe in the real world for one thing.
A heavy fog lay over the town and the chill in the air made goosebumps rise up along his arms. He’d run away with no shoes, cargo pants, and a thin shirt. He was filthy after running through the sewers and riding out in the open on the train. Tony was going to make fun of him for stinking so much.
The strangely dressed people and the additional skyscrapers suddenly made so much more sense. And the quip Iron Man made about his long nap…He was in a new millennium.
“Oh, don’t pretend to be innocent,” Bucky snapped. His glare fell back on Steve and he demanded, “How long has this been going on?”
Tony frowned, not liking Steve’s way of thinking. He was giving up too easily and…Tony may know the future was bleak for Steve but Steve didn’t know. He should live his life believing he could one day fall in love and not be afraid. Even Tony, with his one night stands and numerous flirtations, still believed that one day he’d find
Steve licked Tony's nipple and whispered hoarsely, “Keep those lips going southward and I will soon not be able to tell you my own name."
“I know…I’m just restless,” Steve said with a sigh. He leaned onto his arm, his feet dangling over the edge of the bed.
A box with levers and buttons sat in front of the chair and Hydra’s famous symbol was stamped to the front of it for everyone to see as a reminder who was responsible for this machine’s creation. It also had rows of numbers. The numbers were set to the date in his father's journal and Tony did a double take when he saw that. It was further proof this place hadn't been touched since then.
Tony winced a little and stated, “I think the first thing you can do for me is to start using my name. Call me Tony, Wade.”
Steve’s stomach clenched with hunger like it seemed to always be doing since he woke but he cajoled, “You don’t have to…”
“Are you sure? Didn’t we die?” He sounded a little fuzzy, like he wasn’t positive.
Her testimony was like fuel to the flames for the doubters of their relationship.
Steve pushed himself forward, expecting to run straight at the villains in a surprise assault. Instead, he sprinted a yard before his eyes caught up with his feet and, as a result, tripped over his own feet. Natasha skidded to a halt and raised her weapon. Steve sensed more than saw the others stop and felt them wait for his command.
“Sure, I’ll head out right now…and Peter, I love you, and I am
Was this man with Obadiah?
He never even asked for her name or had given his in exchange.
He got off his workbench and stumbled over to the box which contained his meager supply. He had it discreetly shipped to him the day prior and had to pay extra to have it labeled as “spare parts.”
Tony rested his head against Steve’s chest and sighed, “Just stay here. You’re all I need…”
And he still counted Venom as being a part of him even though they were no longer connected.
Tony’s eyes circled wildly around until he locked on Steve. His face was ashen but his eyes were strong as soon as they focused on him.
His head snapped back to the radio as he heard a familiar play and, as he listened, he realized it was so familiar because he’d seen that same game in the 40s.
Stark slowly blinked and then gruffly murmured, “We ready to eat?”
Steve was an absolute idiot.
Tony turned and found Bucky and Monty. They looked like they were going to step in but Bucky's inquiry stopped them.
Peter buried his face in May’s chest and the older woman placed a comforting hand on his back. Her lips were pursed in a thin, tight line, containing her upset and she looked down at her nephew with sad resignation.
“Are you really going to watch me pee?” Steve asked his husband incredulously.
Bucky did not relax until Natasha’s eyes passed over him then they went back to pretending each other did not exist.
Peggy took the passenger seat and Steve jumped in the back, settling Tony down gently in his lap as he sat. Bucky revved the engine as soon as they were settled and they reached the camp in a couple of minutes. Bucky parked them right outside of one of the few tents that were already up, the medical tent.
Tony would open schematics but his gaze could not focus on his plans. He would pick up a soldering gun and it would feel like it weighed three tons. He tried to focus on anything, even screwing in a simple bolt, but was unable.
Steve pressed a kiss onto Tony’s head and lightly caressed circles into his back. Tony took a long, settling breath and then whispered, “I love you so much…”
Tony went ridged in his arms and hissed, “
Someone had successfully breached the Tower while they were gone.
my mom…”
“I’m okay now,” Peter assured his boyfriend.
Steve did not let go of his hand until Jarvis tersely repeated, “Sir.”
Peter grinned and embraced Wade. He whispered to him, “Whenever you’re ready, I’m ready, but know I’ll always love you…”
Mostly he wanted to be with Tony.
“And she loves you too apparently,” Peter groaned.
It happened so fast Peter could barely process what had happened. It was only when he felt the blood that he realized what Venom had done.
Pepper twisted in the arc reactor and grasped his shoulder, asking, “Are you alright? What more can I do?”
The statement was so quiet that Tony almost hadn’t heard it.
Tony could have sworn that Steve was interested in him! Was he wrong?
“We can stop,” Steve suggested.
Tony and Pepper argued.
Tony didn’t know how long he laid there with that thought hanging over his head. The shadows in the room shifted as the sun, hidden behind the blinds, moved. Nurses popped their heads in and openly stared at Tony as he remained cuddled into his side as they checked on Steve. Steve’s breathing was always even and his form was unnaturally still. When they had slept together, Steve always curled around Tony’s form, even when he was sleeping. Eventually, Tony curled Steve’s arm around him just to get a sense of normalcy.
Wade nuzzled his face into Peter's hair and whispered, “I think so too.” Peter felt him press a kiss on top of his head and then lay his head on top of Peter's.
Now that he knew Tony Stark was his father, his aunt seemed to be more lax in his business. When she asked him where he was going, he curtly replied, "Out," and she did not question him anymore about it.
A familiar figure approached them out of the mass of SHIELD agents, looking as annoyed as when they last saw him in their era.
He gulped back the sick feeling and reminded himself this was why he was in this era, to save Peter and all the others lost to the dusting.
Coulson paused, the paperwork in his hands suddenly feeling heavier and he wondered at the secrets he held and the hundreds more Fury kept from him. No, the work up was not all they wanted from the Captain. Any fool would be able to guess they wanted more. He was the world’s only perfect super soldier and they were the strongest defense organization. Of course they wanted him to work for them.
“Okay,” Tony said covering his ears and turning away. “Too much information!”
Downstairs there was another murmur, a different voice, and Peter froze.
"They're a very nice smelling flower," Wade murmured, lightly rocking Peter with him.
First half is Bucky/Nat and second half is Steve/Tony. Enjoy!
With no technology to distract him, Peter lay on the couch beside his uncle and waited for his father and uncle’s return.
She wanted nothing more than to die right there. Everything was hopeless. The Academy was probably going to torture them to death. She was never going to see James after today.
He smiled warmly at Steve and agreed, “Yes…Yes, I do…”
“Monkeys?” Bruce had to clarify, interrupting Clint.
“Natasha!” Steve hissed. He did not know what bothered him most, Natasha calling him ‘mommy’ or having Tony fly back here so soon after his confession. His mind was still reeling from the revelation.
movies and finding more correlations between them and what had happened to Peter.
[The only person who could have loved you-!] One of his voices began to lament. Wade ignored it the best he could but he felt sicker for it.
“Joking, Cap. That was a poor excuse of a joke,” Tony replied with a sigh.
Tony lost his virginity almost two weeks later. After that, Tony was convinced he was in love with this girl and talked to Steve about the future he wanted with her.
“Off?? Steve doesn’t do off, he has the serum!” Peggy retorted. She worriedly touched his forehead and whispered, “What’s wrong Steve? How can I help?”
Peter put away his phone and ran over to them. He excitedly gasped, “Hey guys! When did you two get back?”
Jake looked up from his computer screen and openly stared at Peter. Peter pretended he didn’t notice and greeted, “Hey, Jake.”
if you don’t mind.”
He knew Steve had blue eyes. He’d stared into those blue eyes countless times but…for the life of him, he couldn’t remember the shade of blue. Were they lighter or darker than the poster?
Another wave of guilt washed over him and it was so strong that Steve shuddered.
Steve turned his head to look down at his mate and murmured, "You are so bad at following the rules." He sighed, "Just one quick one."
And Tony was going to be alone in both the real world and in his dreams.
“Yeah, but I was enjoying the secrecy,” Tony murmured.
Peter ran the back of his fingers over Wade's jaw and whispered, “Hello to you too.”
Norman growled in frustration.
They were trying to figure out what to do with him. He and Venom could no longer be separated. The symbiote was a part of him now. It had given up on Peter and had finally accepted him.
Tony grasped Steve’s cheek and stared into those concerned blue eyes. Steve was such a caring person…how long did they have to torture him to break that central characterization?
Everything around him shook as the new, fragile structure coursed with the unimaginable amounts of energy used to extend the bridge. Heimdall did not flinch in fear like a lesser mortal may have in such a structure but stood strong as he waited for his prince to cross worlds and return to Asgard.
for making this awkward. Can I make it up to you? Let’s go have some fun!”
Norman straightened his suit and stated, “I consider Peter to be a second son. The boy is close to my own son and shows remarkable genius akin to my own. I would never hurt him which is why I never told him of his mother. If you really must know, Dr. Parker blames SHIELD for what happened to her and she blames you, Captain.”
They found a bathroom soon enough, Steve turning on the lights as they got in. Tony made his way to the urinals and Steve stayed back by the sinks, half-sitting against the counter, leaning back on his arms.
“Right. You’d have saved yourself raised eyebrows had you chosen something less controversial.”
“How so?” Steve asked.
”You know what,” Steve answered, stricter than he meant, but what did Tony play at?
”Not stopping,” Steve quickly said. ”Maybe – on the floor?”
turned to drink during your stint as a fugitive."
Steve looked down at himself. ”It's hard to find shirts that would fit both my waist and shoulders.”
He had been lucky Pepper came back. She balanced him, got him out of his head. She made him remember that not everything was on him. The whole world wasn't his responsibility: he shouldn't act like it was.
”I don't remember.”
Pepper's eyes seemed to ask
Steve gave it a second before giving in. “A bit, yeah. I mean, he didn’t generally care for what was appropriate so it’s not like he kept it very professional, but I’m pretty sure he didn’t mean anything by it.”
them. He knew Tony was always on his case in good and in bad, he knew they were uncommonly physical at times with one another – especially for two adult men in this day and age – and he knew that he liked Tony’s attention.
“Well, I'm hard enough to kill, I guess," Logan conceded. The idea of mind games wasn't comforting. Xavier had managed to do a lot to freak him out without even really trying. If someone decided to rummage around in his head too much, he wasn't sure how well anyone would come out for it.
Before the tension could mount further, a doctor appeared with a faint smile on his face. "Ms. Romanov is stable. Her vitals are all good. She's only waking up for a few moments at a time. It's best to keep visitors to a minimum. Mr. Barton, she was saying your name. If you'd like to come with me?"
Natasha watched, mute, as Loki placed his palms flat on the sides of Logan's face. She had no idea what he was looking for, but it definitely wasn't in SHIELD's best interest for him to find it.
That was putting it mildly. Natasha had to fight back a wince on Steve's behalf. The thought of not doing what she'd been trained to do actually made her ill. Being in the cell and being in constant pain had been nothing compared to the boredom brought on by those things. She could handle a lot of things: uselessness wasn't one of them. "Considering you're the only one who paid any kind of price for this long-term, I think it's fair to say official sanctions aren't necessary." She looked at Fury as if challenging him to say otherwise.
Phil chuckled and sighed at the feeling of Clint kissing him. It was a balm to his soul to know that they were okay, that they could still touch and enjoy each other, could still be affectionate even if it wasn't appropriate to throw themselves into anything more strenuous yet. "Glad to hear it. Here I thought I was just keeping you around to pretty the place up. It's good to know you have practical applications too."
It wasn't so bad at first. The wave of weariness washed over him just as it had before. Steve had to brace himself against the wall to keep from sliding down to his knees, but he managed. After the first few seconds, it became clear that things weren't going well. Bracing his back tight against the wall and gritting his teeth, Steve fought to keep his arms steady, but the battle was one he began losing rather quickly. "Get... get the gun," he managed, finger falling away from the trigger as he tried to hold the weapon out toward Logan. Steve slipped into unconsciousness so quickly he wasn't entirely sure whether he managed the transfer or not.
Tony raised an eyebrow, intrigued. He never imagined that Captain America would not only tolerate him putting hickies on his neck, but actually ask for more. He didn't dwell on the surprise too much with his lover pressed close and his neck bared for more. "I like that idea. All mine," he murmured. Tony ran his tongue along the arc of Steve's slender neck, pausing to suck and bite at another spot of skin as his hand lightly teased his lover's cock.
Bruce sighed and pulled off his glasses. "We're trying to work out how to make the gun not kill the user. But apparently that hammer feeds off something inside it, and taking its... mojo from it means it has to feed off something else. Also means it's got a shelf life. And it means that any prototypes are out of the question until we can at least get a decent theoretical model that doesn't break down."
"I'm sorry, could you start from the beginning, please?" Steve was too tired to try and follow the young woman's manic energy. It was difficult on the best of days, and they were a long way from one of those.
"See, I told you," Tony murmured close to Steve's ear. He hadn't been entirely sure if he would ever feel comfortable being intimate with anyone again. Tonight proved he could, that a little cuddling wouldn’t send him scurrying back inside of his shell. Steve's solid, muscular form felt wonderful against him, and Tony could not help but smile. "If you think this one's good," he added, nodding at the TV screen, "just wait till you see the next one."
"Thank you for letting me stay."
Scott arched off of the couch and clung even tighter to Logan as the man moved against him. He could feel the bruised flesh throbbing, but it was a pleasant, comforting sensation. The pain didn't bother him. He could handle the sharp, sudden jolt for the warmth that suffused him afterward. Scott wasn't sure if it was him somehow keying into Logan's baser instincts or if it was something he might have enjoyed with anyone else - he suspected not - but the primal reminder of their love made him feel better at once. "I really like being yours," Scott whispered over the sound of their heartbeats and the slide of skin on skin.
Surprised by the sudden, easy shift in Tony's demeanor, Steve took the drink gratefully even though it wouldn't do much to ease his nerves. "Thank you." He lifted the glass in silent salute before taking a sip. Though he was no connoisseur, it tasted like the good stuff. The burn going down was a slow, pleasant bloom. "I'd actually like that if you really don't mind." He'd taken up temporary housing at S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters, but it was a pretty lonely living. He preferred people. After going from the orphanage to a place with Bucky to the road with a huge entourage to the barracks, Steve was used to company. Being alone gave him too much time to think about things he didn't really want to think about. "Maybe we could try a movie out? Something you like. I trust you."
Tony nodded. "Yeah. They've already got my suit loaded up. They want us to go out in civvies though, only resort to 'avenging' if he gets angry." He adjusted the alignment bracelets around his wrists for the Mark VII suit, then paused and looked at a grainy, blurry film of Logan springing out of some sort of tank of water, shrugging off a bullet wound to the forehead and then proceeding to tear through what looked like some otherwise very competent men like they were children. "Then again, if he gets angry, we may not have time to put our faces on. Guess we better hope he takes peace offerings." Tony scooped up a box of Cuban cigars that he'd dug out of his own stash after reading Logan's file. //Here's hoping he appreciates nice things.// "Let's go."
It didn't take much to figure out that Clint was upset. "Nat?" he guessed. There weren't many things or people that got under Clint's skin the way Natasha did. Coulson was still working hard not to look as hurt as he felt by the obvious brush-off, by Clint's easy dismissal of the whole thing. //Fun. Of course. That's it.// Even the vague hope that Clint might be game again wasn't really helping because it definitely wasn't what he'd envisioned. He'd wanted more. He'd thought… //And that's why you're not supposed to think about it. Stop.// "Is everything okay?" He reluctantly peeled himself up off the floor and attempted to look entirely steady on his feet, as if he hadn't just had the best blow job of his life from a guy who he would very much have liked to be going home with.
“Really?”
Unexpectedly, at some point, during a lull in the conversation, they had both fallen asleep.
“A techie preferring brawn over brains, no wonder SHIELD’s in such disarray,” Tony muttered but took the picture.
”I – I don't know if that's a good idea. I might have sneaked a look at your chart and you should not leave the med bay until tomorrow, so I don't think I can help you with those. Mr Stark might not let me come here anymore if I helped you take off. Though to be honest, he didn't exactly let me come here in the first place, but I couldn't help but wonder who they were keeping here.”
”That's not the word I'd use,” Tony said and downed his drink in one go. He was back on track. ”Is it impenetrable?”
”What for? You wanna have a smoke?” Tony asked but was already scanning the electronic lock on the door with his phone.
The edited version started from a great montage of close ups of Steve in motion, cutting into his legs and thighs when Brian Johnson sang about her
“Were you ever tempted?” Steve asked, genuinely curious. Even if it made sense to him in a way, Tony wasn’t the type to give much thought to expectations and social norms.
Tony seemed obviously conflicted, hesitating. In the end, Steve and sleep won out. Tony sat carefully on the side of the bed.
It wasn’t a big deal.
Tony very visibly went over all of what Steve just said, blinking rapidly. Then: ”And if something was to happen – ?”
Steve sighed. He knew he had no room to shirk from medical attention himself if he wanted his teammates to follow the same protocol. “You’ll operate it?” He asked. Protocol maintained that you shouldn’t treat your own wounds if at all possible and anyway, he’d been hit too up in his side for him to reach it comfortably.
How could someone deny that? Steve sure as hell couldn’t, so he once again kissed Tony. Whether it was his serum-enhanced ability to learn physical talents fast or just the inspiration Tony provided, he found he was really getting the knack of it.  Tony seemed to agree if his bit off moans were any indication.
“Can you jump up?” She asked.
Tony groaned as air left him.
“No,” he said. Slurred. Whatever.
”Steve?”
Tony narrowed his eyes before he went on to paw at Steve’s chest and sides.
Steve nodded. ”Yes.”
He started running a moderate speed, trying not to give much attention to Steve lapping him all the time. Tony wondered if it wasn't a good thing they would never have sex. He was perfectly fit after the Extremis operation but keeping up with a thirty-year-old supersoldier... He'd dodged a bullet there, really. He was sure the relief would set in at any moment, now.
He appreciated that Tony gave him the chance to choose to continue ignoring the unsaid between them.
”I'm not the one giving out horrible advice. And anyway, you seem to think Tony would be on board  while he's the one who has got everything to lose.”
“Steve does have his way with words,” Thor mused. Steve could feel Tony’s gaze on him. Unable to resist, he turned to look at him. It was a kinda mistake since the heat in Tony’s eyes sparked a reaction in his body, a tingling feeling at the back of his neck, low on his stomach.
A small buzz to relax but not so much his inhibitions would lower. Those he felt he needed too much now, with Tony having sat down next to him on the couch, his knee brushing Steve’s every other minute and his arm resting on the back of the couch, his fingers just some few inches from Steve’s neck if he happened to lean back.
“Crawl, I suppose,” Steve noted, with a dry tone.
”I can guarantee you I wouldn’t be using that skill to take a look at your junk,” Steve said dryly as Tony turned around, hands re-fastening his belt.
Steve coughed, having timed his consumption of the Whiskey poorly. While he wasn’t exactly surprised,  Tony’s frankness had caught him off guard.
”Tony's crush on me?”
“It's fine, Tony.”
”I know,” Tony said. ”But it did mean something, right?”
“Steve.”
Steve merely shook his head. He climbed on the bed himself and spent a dozen or so seconds getting comfortable. When Tony stayed put on his spot he lifted the covers in a meaningful way.
”Fine. Call the ride,” Steve ordered. He shrugged the tuxedo jacket off and untied the bowtie before taking off the ruined shirt. He put the jacket back on over the undershirt.
In the end, it seemed Tony wasn't so unfazed by the sleeping arrangements his joking around made one think. Instead, he first sat down on the side of the bed, his back to Steve, pretending to check something on his phone. Steve decided to let him get used to the situation in peace even though he was tired and wanted to just grab Tony and force him to sleep.
Frowning, Steve decided not to comment on that. Instead, he went on with his business: “I got a report from Fury about SHIELD mission to the Hydra base we visited last week. Cleaning it up they found the electromagnetic field generator tech they used to disarm you. They offered to give you a look at the SHIELD premises.”
Sam was giving Steve such a pointed glare that he couldn't say no. ”Five thirty. Lower level gym.”
“Hmm?” Steve asked, driving to the underground parking hall.
“He’s got the Quinjet?” Tony asked.
”It's more fun together – well, it's actually torture with this guy, but you can always challenge him to show off his skills.”
Steve didn't take the hint. When the coffee was ready he continued what he had started to say: “I didn't mean anything with that. I didn't mean to talk about my naked body.”
Steve laughed. ”Your turn,” he said, but didn't wait for Tony to get it done.  Instead, he pulled Tony up, then he grabbed the hem of Tony's shirt and helped Tony out of it. The boxer briefs followed quickly suit.
“Steve. Steve. Steve. Steve.”
Steve nodded.
Thor had his Asgardian concoction with him and Steve graciously accepted a shot of it in his beer. He’d decided that was his limit, though, remembering still too well the last time and trying to melt into the balcony floor.
She continued. “But it happened a year ago, sometimes I was wondering how you suddenly change. You more active on Stark industry, more doing your research on R&D, or keep your singing career properly, no slacking like before, and I rarely see you with your celebrity friends.” She listed all common things her son usually did. Tony felt uncomfortable with it, especially heard his mother say the thing he had done last year.
‘Well, today he has a field trip and he is really looking forward to it.’
------------==========++++0++++==========-------------
“Care to lead me, miss?” Tony said with a glint of a smile. He was really like to join them especially being able to have science time with Peter.
“Because you’re not gonna paying any attention if I’m telling about this directly.” He confessed.
“That is Peter, he is Steve’s son”. Suddenly he realized what he was just saying to his mother, he started to feel worried about his mother’s approval. Knew Steve had a kid probably not a good idea, sometimes it drove someone into another impression.
“Because you are really close to him, and he is always taking us to go to some place together. Like last week when Tony br’ing us to the zoo and the gatekeeper told me that ‘m lucky having 2 father. Or when we walked to the park and you walked beside him holding hands. Or when Tony stayed over on movie night and you hugged him on the couch. And on.”
“Steve, I’m convinced you are gonna be late if you are still in your room.” The woman yelled again.
“Yeah and don’t forget your homework, Peter,” Steve warned as he stood up. “I think we are gonna need to go to grocery too, I remember we don’t have anything for dinner.”
“Sorry, Papa,” Peter said apologetically.
The blond chuckled and patted Peter's head gently. “Well, that's good, we can go home together after your field trip, and we can buy ice-cream on the way home.”
“Oh you don’t have to ...” before she could finish her words, Tony interjected.
“It’s really nice to see nice father and son group hug, right Peter.” someone approached them from another lane. Steve spun around to see who was talking and found Sam with the grin in his face. “Hey, kiddo.” Sam greeted.
“Well Stevie, you rarely admit something that's why I hardly believe it.”
“Well, do you know about his other achievement? Like he revolutionized heart surgery? Or invented a prosthetic arm? Or when he made a contact glass for color blind? Or his innovation to make a clean energy source? Or...”
“I remember when I was like you, crazily in Love.” his mother confessed.
“Thanks for accompanying me, by the way,” the brunette said and entered the limo and drove away, leaving the shocked face bald man on the entrance.
Tony and Steve startled by that call, as he took a look on Steve's face, his face now full of joy and happiness that could not be described. No different as Tony. Tony took Steve's hand in him. As Steve came back from his mind, Steve started to drag Tony and walk towards Peter and Jarvis who was waiting, for them.
“It’s nice to see you here Mr. Stark, and I’m sure a lot of people around us surprised why you are here,” he said with amusement smile. Tony understood the hint and surely realized that people around them stop their activity just to be surprised knowing their next CEO standing beside one of the employees there. It never happened before that the Tony Stark came to the Economic and Marketing division, especially to greet one of the employees there. It was not his thing. Tony Stark always had known that he was more at R&D Division than there.
She looked up to Bucky who walked beside them. His face was full of amusement as seeing Natasha was cornering by Steve’s mood. Mouthed, ‘sorry’ as he remained walked. He would get his payback, for sure. Natasha kept it in her mind as they remained walked.
After making sure they managed to escape, he looked back at the soldiers who had begun to come to him. Positioning his sword and shield, he ran towards the soldier. Avoiding the swings of the first soldier, he jabbed his sword directly towards the soldier behind him. Instantly the blue flames that had extinguished once again blazed out bursting blasts that flew the soldier and those behind him. Immediately he turned around again as he swung the sword at the first soldier, he had avoided, squashing the nape of his neck. The arrows flew back at him, but he quickly separated himself and ran while swinging the sword strongly, the incision light that appeared immediately flew towards the magicians in the midline.
“Really, good to know you already meet the truly yours, Tony.” His Mother was smiling warmly at him. He didn’t know why but he felt happy with it. “What does he looks like?”
Shrouded in golden light from the sword, he felt warm. It was so warm that even in the middle of a snowstorm. As if there was an invisible barrier separating the warm and cold temperatures outside the snow. When he looked back at the man's body, he realized there was a shield that appeared near the man's body. The shield seemed to be covered in snow and was only seen after the snow melted from this mysterious warm temperature. However, when he placed the sword on the ground to retrieve the shield, the light suddenly faded. The warm temperature disappeared replaced by the cold of the forgotten snowstorm.
He never expected to see him (in his entire life). Dragon shifters are known as living legends, which they say really exist, but no one has ever seen them. In fact, they alienate themselves from the outside world. Because of this, it was very rare to be able to meet this dragon shifter especially (as handsome) as this man. He shook his head.
“See you tomorrow, Uncle Sam.” Peter waved his goodbye and took Tony’s hand with his free hand. They started to walk away. Sam could see the blush from Tony and Steve’s face clearly. He chuckled to himself and took another photo and sent it to his ‘secret’ group. Another wave of notifications came up again. On the other side of their office, he could see Jarvis smile knowingly at him. Sam wished that only him who heard Tony said to Peter referring Steve, ‘Papa.’ Gotta keep Steve’s secret relationship, a secret.
“What Jarvis, you wound me! You could just call them that I ‘personally’ reject their contract.”
Tony turned to gaze at Steve and found that Steve was looking at him. Steve looked so beautiful and the sunset light made it more than before. The blond hair now spread golden bright color, his blue eyes looked brighter like seeing sunset light on the sea. “You are so beautiful.” Steve blurted out, and in the second they felt that only both of them who exist in the universe. Tony or Steve couldn't look away from each other.
“I’m not reading something like that. Stop it, buck.” Steve covered his face and groaned, suddenly he hit somebody.
Tony rolled his eye as he poured his drink and walk back to his couch, take a sip and sat deeper.
“Of course Mr. Stark, I’m gonna tell the guide that you are joining,” she said. “By the way, we are going to go to the biological division,” she added as she walked toward the guide.
“Use your eyes when you walk,” she said coldly as walked away.
“School held a field t’ip and we came to Stark Industry to see ‘obot, but I was lost.” Peter tried to explain what happened.
Seeing from his condition, the dragon shifter must warm his body or he could die from the cold snow at night. Not only the man but also himself. They must quickly find shelter from the blizzard at night or it will endanger both of them. However, he realized he could not carry it as long as the magic chain bound his body.
----------------------0o0--------------------
“So, am I gonna call Tony Daddy soon?”
Tony who realized that Steve's mind now was trying to hold his blush either, but it didn't work well. As they reached the center of the park, Steve called Peter to buy an ice-cream. An ice-cream seller smiled as Peter ran towards them and told what he wanted. Tony wanted to pay them, but Steve insisted not to and then the four of them sit on the picnic table near them.
“I’m fine, Buck. Already got used to it,” Steve assured.
----------------------++++++++++++++++-----------------================---------------
“TONY!!!”
“No need to, besides I already know Peter” Tony assured, “I’m the one who needs to apologize. I hope Peter is no troublesome to you.”
“I honestly agree with your statement, Tony!” he said as smile while checked all the schedule on his tablet.
Sam was quite grateful that they didn’t know Tony’s main reason about why he was here beside Steve. They were probably gonna concluded that Tony Stark and Steve Rogers is a friend or probably only for a work thing. Tomorrow is gonna be chaos for sure.
The man's body had such amazing muscle curves he had never seen. He pushed aside the thought and touched the man's neck. Faint but sure, he could feel his weak pulse there. He reversed the position of the man's body until he was supine and positioned his wings so that it covered the lower body. The man had golden blonde hair and sharp and strong jawbones, leaving aside the horns, wings, scaly tail, and a small portion of scales that appeared on his body.
“Thank you.” Tony blurted out.
“Really?”
“Yeah. His cousin died when Peter was one year old. Steve fought as much as he could after know that his cousin wrote his name as his formal guardian. Steve worked so hard when he got Peter under his wings. Even he was still in college at that time, he still could take care of Peter and other things.” Tony explained with adoration in his face.
“They really think we didn’t know yet.”
However, not everything went as he hoped. He approached the body again. The rigid body was covered with wings. When he touched his wings, he suddenly felt afraid that this person would immediately wake up and attack him. Maybe this was just a trap and it turned out that many monsters had surrounded him, waiting for him to eat the bait they had prepared. Or maybe the bandits waiting for him took their bait. When he raised the wing, he was surprised to find that the man's body was not covered in a single garment. Although a slave, at least his master will give clothes to his slaves.
Eventually, Bruce reached over and nudged Tony. "I think it's time for food." He smirked at the negating grunt he got from Tony. "Either you text Steve and tell him we need food, or I'm going to be forced to put my hand in your butt pocket to get your phone and do it for you."
"Most people call them Fitz-Simmons," Coulson clarified. He suspected Clint had heard them referred to jointly. The pair were young even for the pool of talent SHIELD usually mined, but they were also unquestionably brilliant. Some of the best tech they had that wasn’t made by Stark came from the young scientists. "Glad to have you on this."
Logan chose to ignore the unease that Scott's comments about Jean had brought up. His feelings on the matter were almost more of a jumble than the swiss cheese that was his memory. Instead, he focused on Scott's question. "They'll wanna know all the names you can remember. Any locations, any prisoner's names, if they ever said anything about who their target market was or why they were focusing more on mutants than normal humans. Really, any details you can come up with could help: smells, sounds, how many times you were transported. The more you can give, the more we can look. I dug up a good chunk o' information on their locations lookin' for you, but I had to do it without tippin' anyone off, so I didn't get as much as I'd like." //Or the opportunity to cut pieces outta every last one of 'em.// "If you recognized any accents, or even if you noticed whether they all had the same accent, same language. How they caught you and exactly where's gonna be important, too." He felt guilty, asking Scott to recall the next, "And anything else they did or said in the exam. And if they seemed to have any sort of organization or rules or restraint when it came to prisoner control." More restrained captors meant a more organized, large-scale operation with some big-time, business-smart backers. Already, Logan had seen signs of that much. The fact that Scott was still alive and hadn't been raped more than suggested that there was a very big backer behind all this, perhaps even a fairly well-to-do foreign government.
"Yeah, we did," Tony said, hooking a finger under Steve's chin to urge him up into a kiss. It was just a peck on the lips, then another, then Tony lightly nibbled at the plush lower lip. He caught the soft flesh gently between his teeth and tugged before finally pressing his mouth fully to Steve's. Tony couldn't help but feel a little nervous. He was afraid he'd hurt Steve, push him too far. He realized suddenly that it must have been what his lover had gone through every time they'd had sex. //Shoe's on the other foot,// he reflected as his hands slowly tugged Steve's shirt upward, letting him run his hands over the blonde's lean back.
"Well, there might be one or two. We need to get the mean, green rage machine back. And I think it might be a little impolite to leave Magneto here to wear out his welcome."
Bobby did his best to lay down a trail of ice that might at least make the trip into the room less pleasant for their attackers, but his hopes were dashed when he spotted a familiar face in the doorway. It still cut deep to think that John was willing to fight the people he'd been so close to. Not the time for interpersonal drama, he reminded himself forcefully even as Pyro blithely melted away the quick protection.
Tony looked up at that, looking earnestly surprised. "I... Uh..." He knew what Steve had been through. The serum, the war, losing his best friend, leaving his entire life and culture and decade behind, being frozen solid... That the blonde thought Tony made all that worthwhile was a little staggering. Intimidating, even. Tony swallowed. It wasn't often words failed him. Giving up on coming up with something smart to say, he reaching up and turned Steve's head into a slow, tender kiss.
Suddenly released from the bonds, Tony realized just how heavy he felt. And sore. He groaned as he pushed himself up into a sitting position. "Well, that's a lot more than Thor shared with us. But I guess it explains the mile-wide evil streak." His eyes followed Loki's pacing, though he was still having trouble picking up much more than an outline. It was a little uncomfortable, getting all that information on Loki. It really seemed like something to be kept in the family. Tony twisted at his newly rearranged bonds, sighing when he found them thoroughly impervious. He managed to edge himself back against the base of the frame he'd been tied to. Getting up sounded like too much trouble, and it would just give Loki the opportunity to knock him back down. "So I'm guessing maybe you resemble your mom."
It was a nice thought, really, staying in the ducts, but it wasn't practical. He heard Natasha make a sound of pain and anger as someone apparently got hold of her, and he swung himself down, lining up a shot on Creed that was as likely to piss the guy off as take him down. The tranq rounds in the barrel weren't likely to slow him down for more than a few seconds, but it would give Clint time to recover. He squeezed the trigger while searching for Natasha. He spotted her tangling with a guy whose tongue looked longer than half the building. She looked more revolted than worried, so Phil kept his attention with Clint. The last thing he was willing to do was leave Barton in the lurch to save his own ass.
Sensing that Fury was done with them, Clint turned and left, though he waited until Phil caught up with him. "So how're you going to do it? Get hold of Scott without Logan noticing?"
At first Steve felt much the same way. His mouth fell open, and he looked so stereotypically shocked that it was comedic. His first instinct was to say that he was most definitely uncomfortable, but it was a knee jerk reaction. The truth was the more Steve thought about it, the hotter it actually sounded. He had been with men and women, but unlike Tony, he had never been with more than one person at once. After a nervous, silent moment of hesitation, he met Logan's gaze and offered, "I wouldn't mind... if you’re interested." He couldn't help but smile. "Could be fun."
"If you're quite done being ridiculous, I think it's fair to say that none of us want this experience to be unpleasant. Am I wrong?"
"I keep reading through the files, but I can't figure out the bits that you-"
Tony felt a sharp thrill go through him at the sound of Steve's quiet moans. The feel of the blonde's slender legs wrapped tight around his waist and the look of sheer heaven on his lover's face was something Tony never wanted to forget. "Fuck, you're beautiful," he murmured, running a hand through soft strands of blonde as he started thrusting slowly. His breath came out in a hitched gasp. Steve was tighter than Tony could have imagined, squeezing Tony's cock perfectly as he moved. Tony moaned Steve's name, leaning in for a slow kiss as he moved.
Logan grabbed Scott's ass and pulled their hips together suggestively before kissing him and letting go. "Then go watch your boring computer training so it can be over sooner and I can fuck your brains out without feeling guilty or somethin'," Logan directed, grinning. "Besides, last I heard, there were parts o' you that needed a rest."
Logan grinned at Scott. "In a hurry to get me out there?" he asked, squeezing his lover's shoulders. "Make sure you're drunk enough to not notice that I dance like a white guy."
"So I should get the saddle and bridle out of the closet," Logan dead panned, but he was only able to keep a straight face for a half second. He grinned faintly. "Alright, deal." He gathered Scott close and buried his face in the man's hair. "Love you."
Clint's hard cock pressing into her and the supple leather under her legs drove Nat absolutely crazy. Her sex throbbed with the aftershocks of her orgasm, and she knew it wouldn't take much to get her there all over again. "Slow. Very slow," Nat demanded. Her tone was softer than before but no less demanding. Nat knew precisely what she wanted, and she knew Clint could give it to her. His love of their slower sessions wasn't lost on her. He'd followed all of her orders perfectly. For once he deserved to get exactly what he wanted too.
Logan pulled Scott close, stroking a hand through the man's hair and sighing quietly. "Alright," he said resolutely, drawing back. "Then I guess I go tell the suit and his pet leather boy that they better lock me up," he said, shaking his head when Scott looked ready to protest. "If Loki's gotten hold o' me enough that I'm willin' to hurt you, I don't wanna be able to. You got a better chance against me than most o' the folks floatin' around here, but... until they straighten me out, I ain't takin' that risk."
"Love you too. Love you, Tony," Steve panted against the man as he stopped kissing to move his hips. His cock slid against Tony's, wet and just a little bit too rough. "Love you, and I don't ever want... don't want to not have you with me..." He wasn't worrying about making sense, but Steve finally did coax one of his hands away from Tony's skin long enough to grab blindly, finding conditioner and using it as makeshift lube. Steve's hand curled around them both, not large enough yet to do it with ease, but enough to increase the pressure as they rutted against one another.
Scott flushed and waited until Fury was clear before grabbing Logan and kissing him until they both needed to catch their breath. "Now write the damn report so we can get to bed."
It took a little thought for Steve to find the answer, but eventually, he shook his head. “I miss my mom. I miss things with Bucky when it was just us out in Brooklyn, but I don’t miss being just this side of dead most of the time and not…” Again Steve fought to find precisely the words he wanted to describe it, his fork idly scraping a pattern into the sauce on his plate. “I couldn’t do what needed to be done. No one would even let me try. I might miss people and places and some good times, but I can’t say I’ll ever miss being useless.”
Loki had no such qualms. He bent and snatched the hammer in one smooth motion, throwing it toward his brother without concern for whether Thor would actually catch it or not and pressed his hands to the side of Barton's face before the archer had a chance to retaliate. "Forgive me, Mr. Barton, but I didn't think you would be as amenable if I asked nicely."
"I can't ask you to fuck me tonight," Scott whispered against Logan's ear, "but I would really, really like to suck you off right now." He hoped it wasn't pushing for too much or breaking the mood they'd set. Scott knew if he let himself retreat or second guess too much, he'd end up doing it all the time, which would be ridiculous. The last thing he wanted was to spend their time together worrying instead of enjoying. Hopefully if Logan wasn't game, he'd just say no and they could keep going, no harm and no foul.
Natasha sat still in her chair. She noticed that even Fury wasn't meeting her gaze. He had been rather clear that he didn't like the idea of letting her get to their prisoners. She'd been equally clear that if he didn't give her permission, she was probably going to do it anyway. She stared a hole through his eyepatch as they sat across the table from one another, her chair positioned just slightly closer to Steve's than was strictly necessary.
The news was honestly enough to make Natasha weak in the knees, though the only thing that betrayed how she felt was a faint upward twitch of her lips. "It's about time we got some good news. Come on, Thor. Let's drop off our guest and then we can see if they're up for visitors. Logan, can you show Lady Sif around and fill Summers and Rogers in on what's happening? Bruce... get dressed."
"It would be stupid not to," Natasha answered simply after it had all been laid out for her. Logan and Scott were falling apart, and she didn't want to do the same. "Something tells me it won't hurt more or less whether I'm in a cell or out of one." Behind her eyes the pressure swelled and ebbed, sometimes too much for her to bear and sometimes a mild throb at the back of her mind. "And I'll be safer - you'll be safer - if I'm in one."
The crush was getting worse. He'd spent a lot of time thinking about it, about what it might mean and whether he should say anything. In the end, Steve came to the conclusion that it didn't matter. Tony was with Pepper no matter how "open" he said the relationship was, and they worked together on top of that. Add in being roommates and there was no real point in ruining the status quo. A more difficult thing was deciding whether he was okay with having a crush on a very male friend to begin with and after being both traumatized and comforted by what he'd read in the news articles he'd found, Steve finally decided that was fine too. There were thousands of terrible things going on at any given moment - someone having feelings for someone else wasn't one of them.
"Not a chance," Steve answered evenly, though he leaned in to whisper in Tony's ear, "But if you get some real work done, I might be persuaded to do a lot more than sit when you get home."
"Half an hour," Simmons agreed. "I could use a shower." She'd spent most of her time holed up in the lab. Jarvis had given Fitz-Simmons access to a few files which Tony had authorized the release of. She knew that most of the good stuff belonged to Stark Industries, but even Tony's lesser formulas and files had proved utterly fascinating. The young woman ignored Fitz' warning glare entirely as she made her way upstairs. After a quick shower, she changed into a sundress that was attractive without looking like she was trying too hard. For once she left her hair down. All in all the preparation took just over fifteen minutes, and Simmons sighed when she glanced at the clock. There were definite downsides to being almost pathologically punctual. She grabbed her purse and headed downstairs anyway, knowing she'd never manage to focus on anything long enough to be worth spending the few minutes doing more than waiting.
Tony took extra care in securing the mask, then gave Steve a glare and poked him in the chest. "If you weren't in a hospital bed, I'd slap you," he said, then couldn't help a slightly lopsided grin. When Steve gave him a confused look, Tony looked away. "Look, you and I both know I'm... well, pretty much the worst person on the planet. I mean, as far as actually being a human being goes. The whole... See, I just... Steve, I've slept with a lot of people." He looked up and sighed, looking uncomfortable but determined at the same time. "I've slept with a lot of people, and a lot of them were really good looking, and had really nice bodies, and you and I both know I didn't exactly stick with any of them, and..." Tony took a deep breath, then finally made eye contact, his expression steely once more. "Goddammit, Steve, you should know that if this relationship was about your body, I would've slept with you a few times and then... maybe a few more times... but I damned sure wouldn't have told you I loved you and I sure as hell would not have cried all over your hospital bed in front of Phil Coulson. I love you, Steve Rogers, and you're going to have to get over that at some point."
"Variety is the spice of life. Maybe we could get a bear skin rug to fall asleep on. I hear those are cozy," Tony quipped, sighing contentedly as Steve snuggled in close. "Maybe that could go with the whole Colorado cabin thing." He yawned widely, remembering that his compulsive rambling was probably not the most romantic thing ever. He lightly tousled Steve's damp hair and smiled at him fondly. "Either way, really, long as I get to cuddle you."
"Tell me if I need to stop," Logan answered, slowly working the digit in and out. It didn't take much for his mind to drift to what it would be like to be inside that tight heat, and he groaned softly. He was pretty sure that if Scott actually told him to stop, he'd lose it. He dove in for another kiss, using the moment to distract Scott a little as he slowly eased another finger into his lover.
"Of course, sir. I'm sure this will calm him right down." The panel blinked out.
"For my part... well, alcohol can convince me to do a *lot* of things," Tony admitted with no apparent shame and actually a little bit of a grin. "So, yeah. I've had a few guys. Sometimes a few all at once."
"I take what I said earlier back. I do hate you, Barton," Phil mumbled, trying hard not to make eye contact with anyone present. He caught the smirk on Natasha's face and raised a warning finger. "You will be doing long run ops in Siberia for the rest of the year."
Small amounts of plot, heavy dose of smut - in this case, Victor/Loki. Not your scene? You can skip this one without missing a lot that will mess up continuity for you.
Without waiting for an answer, Tony moved out to the hallway. Catching Coulson's eye, Tony tilted his head. "So, what're the odds of us getting him out of this place and back to my room? I feel like he'd be less likely to freak out and have an asthma attack someplace he was familiar and comfortable with."
"I say that sounds fantastic," Bruce decided, standing and offering a hand to Jemma. He stepped into the warm afternoon sun, walking slowly and grateful for just how pleasantly normal it all felt. "But I thought you didn't believe in Asgardian magic," he teased as they walked. "I thought it was all just technology we don't understand."
They paused to kiss and everything around them stopped. Tony tried to pour all of his love and devotion into that kiss and Steve returned it in kind.
who had never been his lover,
was Steve’s birthday but he was not sure what his age was…Was he 27 or 93?
Peter ate a quick breakfast and then went down to the lab. It was his turn to wear Venom out and Eddie wasn't going to show up because Peter had told him he was going to wear it all day.
“Martyr…” Tony whispered, the word left his mouth sluggishly but its implications made his spine tingle uncomfortably.
But that very life might be ending today...
Steve was experiencing an odd assortment of feelings as he awaited his hearing.
Tony closed his eyes and then slowly breathed in and out. With his eyes still pinched closed, he whispered...
Steve bit down on his lip nervously and nodded. Tony squeezed his arm one last time before pulling away. He really wanted to keep touching him to provide any kind of physical comfort he could but he knew it would probably only distress Steve further.
“Did that munchkin just call you ‘Papa?’” Tony asked Steve. He stepped next to Steve and peered at him skeptically.
He explored the world, went to parties, drank, met new people, and made love to those new people.
“You two are courting now?” Thor asked, somewhat confused.
Up close, Steve was more handsome. He had that sharp jaw you'd only see on the cover of romance novels paired with those perfect pink, kissable lips.
“Don't change the subject,” Steve sighed. “You can pretend to work for them. Delay them until someone comes to help.”
Steve took Bucky’s gift over to the pile and paused to watch them both as they played. Out of everything SHIELD and Steve provided for Bucky it was nothing in comparison to Peter. His son had completely enamored the Winter Soldier and Bucky was easy to smile whenever Peter was around. He was glad Bucky came.
But Tony wasn't totally unaffected by the honeymoon fever either. During their foreplay, Steve whispered his vows again into Tony's flesh as he kissed him all over. At first, Tony listened with a bemused smile but, as he listened to his words: the declarations, the promises, and the effect he'd had on Steve's life...Tony's bemused smile wobbled as he was overcome with powerful yet simple fact that what they had was perfect. He had married his best friend, this amazing and loving man, and they couldn't possibly be happier.
Peter’s mind was in such chaos that he couldn’t even begin to guess what Pepper would put on such a list so he asked, “What?”
Tony had to stop freaking out. He needed a clear head to save his lover.
Steve had only the span of a few sleep addled seconds to focus. Bucky barged into his room like he always did when he thought Steve was sleeping in too late and in another step he’d see Tony in his bed.
Why had Bucky shot that bullet into his living room? If he was not trying to kill him, what was he doing? Was he trying to send a message?
Steve’s fingers punctured the seat cushions and he wanted to protest. He needed to find Tony. He had to tell him he was sorry and he loved him too! He also needed to help him! The fool was trying to fight a dangerous terrorists on his own!
Steve's blush returned with a vengeance as he remembered last night and Bucky smirked in victory. Steve grumbled, “Tony may have said some things…”
“That’s gonna be one of the first things I do when I get back to Brooklyn, buy a decent cup of joe,” Bucky stated. "There's this Colombian grocer who sells the best coffee in the early morning down the block from our old place...Remember him, Steve? He had the best stuff this side of the East River..."
Thus the Goblin was born and he began to plan his revenge.
“And are you still assisting him?” Tony asked. Bruce stiffened noticeably and shifted slightly from Mary’s side.
Tony and his father had a tough relationship.
They were together.
[—Why? Why do you keep doing this?]
“We will need to risk it…Tony is my patient and I need to keep an eye on him,” Gabe retorted.
“What is it?!” Peter called back.
“There’s no need to thank me. I love to see Peter. Think of me as your go-to guy whenever you need someone to watch him!”
“What’s the status?” Natasha asked, stepping in tandem with Clint into the room.
Even with his improved brain function, his fishing game with his host only lasted so long. SHIELD caught on quickly and were crawling all over the sewers in a few hours. In the darkness of night, Venom was able to hide in shadows and attack unsuspecting victims.
Remembering Steve’s words, he paralleled it with the feeling of exploring new territory. It was all new but it was an exciting adventure. Sure, there might be some places may be scary or unknown but he had a drive to keep exploring. He wanted to learn more about what he and Wade were creating and he wanted to go further.
direction.
“You found her?” Steve gasped.
Their friends did as they were told, even though most did it begrudgingly, and Steve, Peter, Bruce, and Tony made their way down to the lab.
That was when the smell of gas hit him.
Wade wobbled and Bucky caught him before he fell. The mercenary demanded, “Am I seeing things??”
“…What?” Steve’s voice trembled on the last syllables and he gasped, “Tony? What do you mean?”
Steve was fated to die and Tony accepted that. What he couldn't accept was what was happening between had to fizzle and die just because of that too. Steve was destined to never fall in love, but, maybe Tony could help him find something close to it …it wasn't going to be permanent but it'd still be something…Tony had many flings like that in his life. It’d be all fun and amazing but it’d eventually perish and they’d part as friends. Steve would have that relationship he craved before he died. Tony could give that to him at least.
His broken leg was bent oddly. One of the bones in his leg broke through his skin as he ran and was protruding from his skin at an angle with a splintered end. It was a miracle he had been able to run as long as he did.
Mary waved until Ben Parker closed the door to the lab then her hand instantly froze in midair. In her other hand, she held the photo of Steve Rogers and Peter Parker. In front of Ben Parker she had held it with caution but now that he was gone, she crushed it.
Tony smirked and looked back to the other two and said, “I have a feeling it is a very long story…”
For a moment, he saw a flicker of hesitation within Tony. Tony’s gaze fell to his soul implant. The sleeves of his shirt were drawn back and the implant was just peeking out. He contemplatively ran his finger over the blank surface of his implant, not meeting Steve’s eyes. Tony clasped his hand over the implant, obliterating it from sight, and murmured, “I’ve waited decades for this day…and now that I have you…I’m
“A love letter?” Tony reaffirmed.
“…Yes,” Steve replied. He gulped and repeated, “Yes.”
“Language, Cap,” Tony dryly chuckled. Steve’s tongue only loosened when he was really upset and, from experience, Tony was really the only one to bring it out of the super soldier.
“Metaphorically speaking, of course,” the robot replied smoothly.
“And…tell him to not let my death drag him down. Tell him to live on and find another person to love. We could have had a future but it’s not going to ha-happen.” His voice finally broke and he took a shuddering breath and tightly stated, “Tell him to find someone else to spend the rest of his life with and to be happy.”
Slowly crawling to Steve, Tony painfully gasped, “Steve?”
“Believe me, I’m trying…I think it’s a little harder because he’s still riled up by your identity reveal.” Steve asked, “By the way, have you figured out when Wade will be coming over for the big meet?”
Tony stepped up to Steve and lightly pecked his lips before slipping away.
ets.”
! You Goddamn, Star-spangled, beautiful idiot!” Tony pulled back just enough to mash his lips into Steve’s and he kissed him like a man starving for sustenance. Tony’s hands searched every corner of his body, checking for injury and touching him just to do it because they were both
James added a pinch of salt and Natasha made gagging noises.
Wade grinned down at him and said, “We’ll have to do a follow up date with no Stark interference.”
Playing along, Tony murmured, “What? He got bitten by a radioactive walrus?”
“Slightly?”
Steve merely pulled him into another embrace and agreed wholeheartedly, “No, it isn’t.”
He’d been there for years…
Upon their first meeting, Peter and Ben connected in a way Steve would have never expected. His son fell in love with his elder uncle. Surprisingly, to Steve he became a sort of a father figure. He never really knew his own father but Ben was like he had always imagined him to be. He was one of the friendliest and caring men he had ever met.
The jerk sat up and glared back at Steve. The other boy hissed, “They were kickin’ yo’ ass!”
Bucky and Natasha visibly relaxed but Steve heart dropped and his thoughts immediately went to their lost son. He got to his feet and gasped, “What happened?”
Steve had a sharpie in his jacket, he was used to giving autographs and was always prepared. He signed the only paper available to them, a piece of the brown paper bag.
…Because he’d do it. He’d save Steve…and then…
Steve smirked, already liking Tony’s eccentric manner, and replied, “Of course, I’m not from the Stone Ages.”
As soon as Peter closed the door, Tony demanded to know, “What happened?”
He expected one of the Guardians or Dr. Strange to do it. Not one of the Avengers, certainly not Bucky.
Steve opened his eyes and turned back to Cable.
Steve and Tony parted with nervous chuckles and Clint dropped his hand. Thor stared incredulously at Clint as Steve looked to the rest of the team bashfully. They were all watching them with various levels of amusement.
in the matter??
With the new projected voice, Steve inhaled sharply in Tony’s ear and Tony stopped breathing altogether.
“Peter?” Steve questioned.
“And Wade, as for unhealthy things, I like hot Cheetos,” Tony said, grinning at Wade’s stunned expression.
“It’s a long story,” she whispered.
Clint rolled his eyes then went back inside, grumbling under his breath.
His school friends would want to talk about Venom and Captain America’s death. He was supposed to keep his identity a secret from them but how was he going to do that when they would want to talk about such popular topics??
Natasha lightly touched his arm and then announced to the others, “Let’s go.”
“No, wait!” Tony hissed over the coms.
As they waited for the judge, Steve scooted his chair back and reached across the bar. Tony met him halfway and grasped his hand. The others leaned forward and murmured encouragements to Steve but he found the most comfort from Tony’s simple hold and warm gaze.
Steve dislodged Bucky’s grip and continued, “It’s not in the suit however. It’s embedded in something called an arc reactor. It's in the chest of the suit’s occupant, your future son, Tony.”
“He does?” Peter said in surprise. There was a little twist in his chest. He wanted to know more but was afraid to ask. He was afraid to be denied. He did not want to be denied. He had been denied so much in life and he could not be denied something so important.
“Palladium!?” Howard gasped, taken-aback. “How the hell do
After a few minutes, they parted reluctantly and Steve cupped the side of Tony’s face. He whispered, “Please, can you say it back?”
But he didn’t find the fact that SHIELD tried to drug him funny at all.
Tony plastered his fake press smile on for Steve and replied, “Yeah! How do you want to help me put on the bandages? You want me standing or sitting?”
He stepped out of the servers’ corridor and back into the main room. He saw the server walking toward Tony and he watched with dread when she reached Tony’s side. She whispered something in his ear and turned to her with a smile. Whatever his reply was made the server laugh. She slipped from his side and he watched her walk away with a sultry smirk.
Both Steve and Tony had stayed up and Peter had said a quick good night and avoided any unnecessary drama.
Natasha did not break Bucky’s nose but at dinner he was sporting a fairly large bruise under his right eye. Tony also appeared off edge and shot Natasha wary glances.
“No, everything in here belongs to Stark Industries. This was never Mac’s. This belongs to your dad!” Eddie hurried back to their workstation and Peter was quick to fall in step beside him.
The employees at the Tower thought it was an out power-breaker. Tony was the only one who knew how to operate the Tower’s arc reactor but, without Jarvis, the Tower employees had no way to contact Tony for help. In the meantime, they had been trying to get ahold of Pepper to contact Tony.
Bruce shook his head and said, “No, this is the first time I have been home since SHIELD notified me that they found a gamma-radiated child.”
Steve turned to Bruce but paused when he saw the Hulk standing behind them all. The Hulk was hyperventilating but glaring at Loki with an irrational stare.
She caught sight of him kissing Laura again and looked away sharply. She felt a tingling against the skin of her forehead as she remembered James pressing a kiss there and she rubbed the spot to dispel the feeling and memory.
He didn’t want to believe it at first, but the evidence of Tony’s decay became quickly evident whenever he saw him without his shirt. He went through a period where he was pissed at God for letting this happen, but it did not last long…he’d rather spend their remaining time together than fuming alone.
“Guys, we sorta have a tiny glove sized problem,” Wade said as he slowed to a stop in the gathering.
Last, but not least, Steve testified.
“You’re welcome,” Steve whispered and the darkness enveloped them.
Peter rubbed his belly and surmised, “It’s probably because I haven’t been getting as much of Aunt May’s home cooking!”
Schmidt forcibly pulled his head up by his hair and held the bloody implant in front of Steve’s face. Schmidt declared, “To Stark, you just died. Soulmates surviving a partner’s death is about 5%. How do you think your soulmate will fair? By your reaction, not too well, I assume… Let’s try again. What is it I want you to say, Captain?”
Steve didn’t let himself think as he kissed Tony. He already told himself he would no longer deny what he wanted and he did not…at least, not physically…but emotionally…
, they had websites with my countdown on it and I’m surprised the reporters aren’t here yet.”
The doors opened and Tony stated, “I don't need a babysitter. You took away that bottle of vodka. That was all I had. I swear.”
He sat up sharply, making both of his friends jump.
Peter immediately shot to his feet and hurried away from the table. He let Steve lead him back inside as he placed a gentle hand on Peter’s shoulder. Peter spared one glance toward Tony and Wade before he went inside. He couldn’t see Tony’s face as his back was to him but his shoulders were hunched.
“The Iron Patriot should be joining us as well,” Ellis said with an excited grin. “I got word that he is flying over right now!” Steve blinked in surprise and the Iron Man toy hidden in his bomber jacket suddenly felt heavier and more noticeable. He had yet to change into his uniform and had kept Peter’s toy on his person.
“Peggy,” he countered, getting to his feet. “My son just won his first science fair award a few days ago. Before I’ll know it, he will start inventing, building the Iron Man suit, and then traveling through time. I need to make him an element for when he returns, an element that will save his life.”
He pushed up, ironically recalling watching a similar scene from a movie he had watched with Tony. The blonde woman had been buried alive to suffer an agonizing death yet, in Steve’s case, it seemed he had been buried dead only to come back to life. Like the woman from the movie, Steve pushed through the crumbling earth and then exploded from the surface.
On the base of the bullet was a red star, the Winter Soldier’s star.
Steve hurriedly wiped at his eyes under his sunglasses and then whispered, “I’m…I’m sorry…”
“Baby, no!” Steve gasped, desperately cupping the side of Tony’s face. “Please, sweetie, hold on! We have a date remember! And - And we're going to get married! Adopt Peter! Grow old together! Please, hold on!”
He’d been able to keep his identity safe from entities like SHIELD with his father’s help but now his identity will be discovered within the week!
His imaginings of a happy family was dashed and Bucky’s voice echoed, almost mockingly, from the past, “
More to himself, Peter whispered, “I’m ready.”
He looked back to the pancakes he was making and Tony stared at his back at a loss. This was too…normal.
They could send Peter to the same high-end kindergarten Tony went to but he would ultimately lose his inscrutability. To go to school as the son of Captain America and Iron Man would single him out. In addition, all of the kids and teachers would have smart phones and one of them would snap a picture of their boy and he no longer would have any hope for the normal childhood Steve always wished for him because Peter’s face would finally be known. He would have walk down the street with a holograph mask or risk being accosted by the paparazzi which was something no child should have to go through.
“Not yet,” Tony retorted with venom. He so badly wanted to add,
Tony followed him at a hover and was silent as Steve walked unevenly across the rubble.
His master pressed the gun to the base of James’ skull. Natasha had been holding back her tears until that moment. She stared into James’ eyes, soaking up every last second they had as her eyes blurred.
Steve was euphoric. He no longer had to live a lie. He and Tony could be intimate outside the Tower now without fear. He could not stop smiling. His cheeks were starting to hurt but he doubted he could break his smile even if he tried. Tony wore a similar expression but his hazel eyes spoke more than his smile. Whenever he met Steve’s gaze, Steve could almost melt under the warmth of his love.
“No,” the Goblin growled, his eyes glowed red in the dark room. His hissed, “It is time for the Goblin to make his move now. Your silly scheme is at an end.”
“Unca Phil?”
[So domestic. Much wow.]
Just like he expected when coming to see Tony, his heart crumbled, but for a reason he in no way expected. He was a dead man walking…because Tony was right. They had to stop Hydra. The future was bigger than Steve, Bucky, or Tony…
“Jarvis, I can’t work,” Tony whined.
He took a wary step forward, to better see the contents, and those dark contents exploded, enveloping Peter in its dark embrace.
Steve dropped his head and choked, “Cl-Close it.”
The Iron Man suit unfolded in the hatchback and broke out of the back window. It picked up the vehicle and the Hydra agents instantly started shooting at them.
Tony leaned into his side as Steve and Bucky tossed barbs. Natasha and Stepan continued to eat but watched both of them in amusement. Bruce and Peter were building something on Peter’s plate out of the remains of his food while Betty overlooked with a smile. The Barton children were egging Thor on to see how many hot dogs he can eat in a minute. Clint and Laura were laughing at their children’s efforts.
Tony paused again to stare at him and Steve wondered if he was having second thoughts.
She had no idea what he was thinking but she’d seen that look enough to know he was remembering something. She affirmed, “Yes, until the very end.”
He rushed over to Tony and worriedly asked, “What is going on?”
Coulson smiled and said, “It’s all I need.”
"Look, nothing about the serum until this is done. Promise. Scout's honor. Have the dunder twins figured out anything, or should I bring Dummy up here?"
Thor didn't seem quite so sure. "Brother, there is no use trying to talk your way out of this. We know you cannot be trusted." There was a tinge of pain in his voice. "We must end you."
Scott watched her go, too tired and sated to worry about calling after her. He just smiled and burrowed in closer to Logan. "Mmm, you were right. That was fun," he affirmed, "but now I'm glad it's just us for the cuddly sleeping part. I like that part."
Tony tensed, glancing up at Steve and caught in a rare moment of being at a loss for words. "It is hard to picture," he eventually replied. "You won't find very many." Shaking off the sobering thoughts of his father, Tony reminded himself that Steve had actually known the man. "Anyway, I'm tired of holding this towel up, so I'll go and change while you get settled in here." With that, he turned on his heel and started out of the bedroom, but not before dropping the towel and offering Steve a shameless view of his departing backside.
Steve chuckled at that. "Just remember, I usually prefer to wear clothes while sitting in lab chairs. Hygiene. Besides, not to be conceited, but I don't think you'd get a whole lot of work done if I happened to be sitting there naked." He set the wine glass aside - it was mostly empty anyway - in favor of tangling his fingers in Tony's hair. He never got tired of the way it waved and curled in patterns that were as random as the man himself. "As it is, getting through briefings with you fully clothed is distracting some days."
For his part, Tony was awestruck. He realized after a moment that he wasn't really breathing as he anticipated the next move. //Gonna have enough fap fodder for the rest of my life right here// he reflected with a faint smirk as he reached down to touch his cock. He wondered idly if Steve was any good at oral and resolved to find out.
"Yeah, sounds good." Scott knew it was going to get silly and probably annoying if he followed Logan around all the time, but for the time being the man didn't seem to mind. "Lemme change." He availed himself at last of the clothing SHIELD had provided, choosing a dark t-shirt and jeans. Reluctantly he tossed Logan's shirt into the hamper. It was a security blanket. Scott was smart enough to understand that. Letting go still felt like crap. He emerged in Logan's sitting area dressed and ready to go. "Now, food?" He was struck by the urge to thank Logan for his kindness again but refrained. It sounded like a broken record already. "So who's this Coulson guy?"
Logan nodded. "Sounds good," he agreed, sliding his arm around Scott's waist.
"If there is anything that we of Asgard can do to help him have a warrior's rites, you have only to say the word." Sif knew it was a bit beyond her station to make the offer, but Thor nodded along eagerly.
Over the comms, Scott informed them, "No sign of a return trip or a landing. We don't have eyes on any of them."
Coulson managed to keep from screaming. Even after his office door shut and he crossed over to sit behind his desk, he didn't scream. "I'll start with the good news: Logan and Summers are both contained. No one was severely injured or killed." He gave Clint a moment to think, just long enough for him to get truly uncomfortable, and then continued, "When it took you longer than fifteen minutes to bring someone from an upper floor to a lower floor, I checked in. I was worried that we might be shampooing pieces of you out of the rug. Instead, as it turns out, you were drinking with and then sleeping with the person you were sent to apprehend. I could try to come up with some elaborate reasons for why that might make sense, but I'd really love to hear you attempt to explain it."
Logan felt the shift in Scott's tension right before Scott's body bucked underneath him. Scott's clenching muscles were almost enough to send him over the edge, but he managed to watch Scott ride out most of his orgasm before he came with a deep growl of pleasure. He gasped out Scott's name as he spilled himself deep inside his lover, burying his face in Scott's neck and placing one more bite on the man's skin. He held Scott close to his body as the man trembled in the aftermath, relishing the feeling of Scott's body, completely undone, twitching against him.
Tony felt the beginnings of Steve's arousal against him and smiled against the blonde's neck, his own pulse spiking at the catch in Steve's voice. "Definitely. I hear it's unhealthy not to," he said, his voice already thickening as Steve pressed in close against him. His hand slid down to lightly tease the blonde's thickening cock, and Tony couldn't help a soft whimper at the feel of it in his fingers. He pressed a soft kiss to Steve's lips, resting their foreheads together. "God, I love how easy it is to get you going... So hot."
"We haven't had time. And your brother took off with his corpse." Logan raised his eyebrows as Thor's expression immediately shifted to anger. //Someone's full of feelings.//
Steve's breath caught when Tony found the perfect spot. His mouth went slack, and he held on a little tighter to his dark-haired lover. "Tony, that... oh, wow..." If it had felt good before, it felt amazing in that moment.
Tony murmured contentedly at the kiss to his neck, offering Steve a crooked smile. "Deal. I'm going to go shower, ignore three hundred of Fury's emails, take a nap, then meet you here," Tony agreed. "Maybe or maybe not in that order. I'll also probably throw on some clothes in there somewhere." He gave Steve a sharp slap on the ass, then took a few steps backward down the hallway before turning and walking toward his room.
"I'll see if I can work it into my schedule. No promises," Tony replied, smiling at the feel of Steve's lips against his hand. The minute the nurse let go of his other wrist, he grabbed Steve by the uniform and dragged him into a quick kiss, no doubt flustering the nurse further. He settled back and smiled at the blonde, wincing as his stitches reminded him he needed to stay still. "Ya know, you could've gone off and changed into real people clothes. Not that I don't think you look damn sexy all spangled up."
The facts suggested one thing, but Phil had put his life in Clint’s hands enough hands to be willing to take him at his word. "Okay," Phil answered. He felt something tight uncoil inside and actually found himself smiling back. The look of quiet happiness on Clint's face was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen in his life. "In that case, I definitely want you to stay tonight if you want to. We don't have to do anything." He huffed out a laugh and admitted, "I've actually kind of started looking forward to the days when you come and crash on the couch. Waking up and having you here just shuffling around the apartment... I miss it when you're not here. A lot."
Bruce smirked, crossing his arms over his chest. The two of them were adorable, hickies and near-death experiences - figurative and literal - and all. It was weirdly satisfying to see Tony happy. "You should see me on bingo night. I'm unstoppable."
Coulson poured a liberal splash of milk into his coffee before addressing Clint again. "I've got a meeting with Fury in ten to go over Logan's report. You're welcome. Captain Rogers and Stark obviously won't be present." He gave Darien an apologetic smile. "Sorry, your clearance isn't quite there yet."
Looking dazed and fascinated all at once, Clint offered his hand, looking for all the world like he was shaking hands with a real, live unicorn. "I... Uh... Barton. Hawkeye. Either way."
Fury groaned. "Stark, if you start wearing drapes around the tower-"
Logan grinned, offering Sif a slight bow. It felt silly and appropriate all at once. "Lady Sif, I think Natasha was going to show you to your room. Or some dinner if you'd rather. Jarvis can tell you where to find her," he said, closing in on Scott as he spoke. He didn't really give two shits about what Sif might think as he took the man's hand. "We should get some drinks tomorrow night, though. You 'n' Thor both."
Steve continued tracing his fingers around the ring of metal but nodded. "No surgery, then," he agreed with a faint smile. He didn't want to put Tony in danger, but one small device being the difference between life and death made him uneasy. //Then again, it's a device Tony made.// For all his flaws, Tony had a mastery over technology that left him impressed and often confused. "You make sure this keeps working, and I'll back you up with the aliens."
"Yeah... fuck, yeah, definitely," Scott agreed without hesitation. He'd enjoyed the addition of Natasha to their fun. There had been no strangeness or jealousy despite his initial fears. Instead her attitude and obvious focus on wanting to enjoy herself - and them - had translated to something that was good for all of them. It hurt to think that she in too much pain for awhile to really enjoy any time with them, but he didn't talk about it. It was too fresh a hurt, and he just wanted to enjoy his own lover, who was whole and gorgeous and there. Scott rocked his hips and twisted until he found Logan's lips blindly with his own, sealing them together and kissing away the momentary concern.
Mystique rolled her eyes. "Honestly, you big baby, you've got an adamantium skeleton and claws that put grizzly bears to shame. Stop being a pussy." Knowing that despite his whining, Creed could handle the Hulk, she turned her attention to the more vulnerable opponents. With the boys distracted, Mystique took the chance to get a jump on Steve. She lithely leapt up and wrapped her legs around Steve's neck.
"Acid round. Logan didn't like it much, either," Clint said, looking a little too satisfied with himself. Glancing at Phil, he muttered, "Might wanna shoot him for good measure..."
"That reminds me…” Even in the midst of her own grief, Peper managed to sound in control. Steve was reminded in that moment how much like Coulson she was at times and felt a pang of guilt that Tony wasn’t the only loss on their roster after the battle. “It's no secret that Stark Industries has been my very special problem for awhile," Pepper ventured, "but I looked the paperwork over last night. The rest? The Tower and any money not tied to the company? That's yours, Steve. Apparently Tony had Jarvis update his will at some point."
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
It was a practical solution even if the pair set her teeth on edge, and Romanov gave a nod then proceeded to more or less ignore them as they extracted the gun and scurried back down the hallway.
Steve hit the door a beat before the rest of them and kept an eye out while the others scurried away, the Brotherhood members breaking one way while most of them took another. He caught Bobby staring after them. "Whatever it is, it can wait," Steve assured him.
"Shit!" Clint nearly got trampled in the fracas, but his strangely acute reflexes saved him once more. He rolled out of the way, collecting his bow even as he dodged a massive green foot. "Goddammit, Bruce!" Clipping the hammer back to his belt, Clint managed to fire a few arrows at Loki, but Bruce was doing a good enough job of flinging the god around to make him a hard target, even for Clint.
Clint nodded. He still remembered Fury shooting at him. To kill. He couldn't blame the Director. He'd have done the same, had their positions been switched. "I'll watch him, sir, but I'm already seeing signs-"
It was almost eight by the time he got to the lab, and he smiled at the others. "Someone tampered with my alarm," he said, setting the tray of food and beverages out. "I appreciate it."
“Ah, I just wanted to greet my friend as taking his son after his field trip in R&D Stark Industry today,” Tony said smoothly but Sam could see other reason. Other ultimate reason why Tony was here, in fact, he saw (almost) blush from Tony’s cheek before gave his reason. Steve didn’t do so well, he was blushing and hid it as he tidied his desk. Sam is Tony’s friend either, but in the workplace, he kept it professional so they agreed to keep it as secret as possible.
. The man thought, starting to walk towards the shadow.
“Aww... Come on Steve, I know they had a good opportunity but it does not mean it will.” The blonde teased as he gave a smirk to Bucky and Natasha.
“Yeah.” He couldn’t explain anything to his mother. Telling his life, science, and the company is what usually he did, not his relationship.
“You told him I was here, Jarvis?” Tony shocked.
The little boy tried to reach the glass of chocolate milk, and the blond chuckled as see the kid couldn't reach the glass. The blond cleared his throat to catch the attention of the little kid. “U ... umm! Please …” The little kid said with his puppy eyes. The blond smirked and took the glass, placed it near the little kid for him to reach it. “Sure, here you go, son,” The kid cheered and drank happily, and then moved to eat his bacon and scrambled eggs.
The Brunette began to move away leaving the sword and the (possibly) lifeless body. He had important things to do, and he didn't want to spend his time taking care of things like this. There was revenge that must be resolved.
“Fuck off Josh, not you too,” Tony said.
“Come on boy. This is a good Opportunity.” The old fat bald man followed the brunette who walked a little bit fast. The bald-headed man wore a pale shirt that quite tight on the belly and black basic casual pants. He looked really sweaty and kept adjusting his big glasses while begged to the brunette.
“Since you heard that song, I kept listening it played non-stop. Even I’m certain you already becoming his fans.” Bucky said as he sat up, looking straight at Steve who gazed at him. Steve heard his best friend-brother like statement just smirked and started to walk outside.
He took a deep breath and exhaled such a huge golden fire, and everything around him turned into a sea of fire.
“H-how you can conclude like that?” Steve tried to hide his embarrassed feeling, even though he has no complaints about it. Steve had sometimes imagined his son calling Tony Daddy. He had always imagined the three of them together as a family and had always imagined Peter interacting with his boyfrie-.
“For being with me, for being my boyfriend, and for loving me through all this year,” Tony confessed. Before he could continue, Steve interrupted.
Oh god, please not. He already got enough about last month while his friends: Natasha, Wanda, and Gamora did revenge for some group of girls who were making fun of him. It was absolute chaos and, in the end, did scolding that trio and tried to convince them for not did it anymore. He was grateful they did get uncaught. Steve asked pepper to keep an eye of them.
‘See you this evening, Mary.’
“Jarvis.” she greeted and nodded to him.
“I love you, Tony,” Steve said as he rested his forehead on Tony’s. “I love you so much. Thanks for keeping up with me, you don’t have to thank me. I’m the one who thanks you. I’m so lucky to have you.”
Tony and Peter heard someone called him from behind. They turned around and found Jarvis who stood behind them. Jarvis who realize that Tony was holding Peter’s hand now kneel and smile to Peter.
He knew enough about the blacksmith so that from the state of the sword it could be estimated that the sword was more than 5 years old. When he looked carefully at the sword, he could see an orange chain attached from the blade to the ankle of the man's body.
“You really don’t stop huh? Nah like I said, not interested.”
“On 4 PM, Mr. Stark. We’re done after visiting the last place,” she said cheerily.
“Eat, young man! I know you didn’t eat your breakfast at home and if it’s still there. I will wash your mouth with the soap.” Sarah gave a LOOK to Bucky.
"All right, let's find shelter for tonight." He looked around as far as he could. With a storm like this, his visibility was reduced. Suddenly from a distance, he saw a shadow.
“Yup and I have something to talk to you about,” Josh said with amusement as he saw Tony’s face.
“You’re right Peter, thanks,” Steve said as he started pulling his phone from his pocket and saw three other messages from Tony who asked about why he had not responded to the message yet. Steve started typing ‘we’re walking to the bus stop now, Tony. Sorry for the late reply.’ Peter asked as Steve press the send button.
‘Make me.’
His mother chuckled. “What is his name?”
Another white hair man came in, he wore a proper white long-sleeve polo shirt with a black blazer, he also wore long black lash pants and looked at Tony with a concern eyes.
He immediately took the shield and hung it on his backpack, then propped the man up. Because he was taller than her, he could only support him and drag him away, hoping they would quickly find shelter. After positioning the man on his back, he immediately took the sword he had placed on the ground before.
Steve stumbled and fell into the ground. He looked up to a woman who had a disgusted stare upon her face toward him.
“Whatever you say, Clint,” Steve said as he rolled his eyes. They positively did not pass this out to the end and he knew his friends liked to tease him. They were just going keeping talking about all of the things until reaching the crossroad. Said to each other goodbye and walk to their faculty. As Steve walked to his class, his phone vibrated. He reached his phone and received a message. ‘On your place now, see you this evening’, Steve smiled and wrote a reply, and then he continued walking to his faculty building.
Song For
“What?” Steve asked.
“You know that I don’t do it right, and eating outside it’s not always....”
As they walked outside the Stark Industry, Steve invited both of them to walk together through the park as they were walking home. Jarvis followed them from behind on Tony's side. They entered the park, the shortcut to their way home. Peter started to walk beside Jarvis and run around, chasing the dove, or catching the butterfly or bug that he found on the sidewalk. Jarvis kept an eye on him and taught to his curiosity about a bug or everything Peter asked.
Steve was startled and almost dropped his phone, he looked at Peter. “W-what?”
“Aww come on, I can help you with her.” He started smirking.
“What’s wrong Jarvis?”
“Of course Jarvis, thank you very much.” Steve was thanking him.
“What were you already got used to?” Steve and Bucky heard a feminine voice and they were greeted by red hair female with a black V-neck tight shirt, dark skinny jeans, and black leather jacket. Steve was sure he almost imagined some secret agent from James Bond film or Black widow from Avengers movie after seeing her.
He was surprised knowing that Tony Stark is as the same age as him. Not only because of that, Tony Stark even graduated from MIT on 17th with colorful grade and already invented things. Wondered what would be like talking to him. Knew their age was same, probably Tony would talk about intelligent things like tech or engineering, or maybe some song and single he will make. The blond was not very good at tech but didn't hate it, in fact sometimes absolutely adoring.
“I like him not because of his face, Mom.” he snapped.
“You are done already?” Sam asked.
As Jarvis walk away, they stayed silent. A comfortable silent for Tony as he watched Peter and Jarvis from the distant. Suddenly his free hand felt a warm and gentle touch and found Steve holding his hand firmly yet gently. The Blush started to spread from Tony’s cheek. He would never get used to this, the affection he got from Steve, he never got used yet never get enough. Tony kept eating his ice-cream as he watched the little kid.
“You are not mad about it?” Steve blurted out. Peter's face showed him that he was feeling more confused than before, so Steve continued. “I mean you are not worried that someone will come to our life?”
She grunted and returned to cooking.
Steve was frowned and confused by Peter’s word, and then he realized that he still hadn’t replied to Tony’s message.
Jarvis walked forward through him and put both of his hand on his back; he reached near Tony’s bed. “I wanted to remind you about today’s schedule, you will go to the meeting with..” Jarvis started to list out all the things that he would be doing at Stark Industry. Tony didn’t hear all of it. His mind wandered to the other thing: his boyfriend, Peter, their life. He sighed and tried to let the bad mood aside as he heard another knock on his door.
“Are you sure? You probably wanna see his leaked sex tape on the internet that already a dozen of it” Bucky interjected.
----------------==========+=========----------------
“Shot Nat, you almost got me the heart attack,” Bucky blurted. The woman just smiled knowingly and stood closely.
“Yeah really. I don’t believe it.”
“Come in,” he called, not as loud as for Jarvis before. An old lady came in and walked toward them.
“This is so wrong.”
“Ah… yeah, that’s true, but it’s still planned. I’m unsure if they really want me to be one of their models.” Bucky looked away as he confessed. Bucky was planning to make it as a surprise to Steve when became one of their models. He was planning to treat him when he got his first payment and showed his magazine to Steve by himself and Natasha ruined all. Natasha also had the same idea as Bucky but thanks’ to James Buchanan Barnes for ruining it either.
A blond man sat at the dining table on the kitchen, finishing his coffee and his breakfast. He wore a white polo shirt, a baby blue strips tie, and black lash pants. His black blazer was hanging on the chair beside him, with his case under it.
Taking a deep breath, he knew the risks. The risk will be borne by him after binding himself with the sword. "I'm sorry, I can't go back." Closing his eyes as he murmured, a huge amount of energy appeared and burst from his chest all over his body. His heart was pounding, his blood flowing profusely, his feeling of miserable pain he felt the bones in his body changed and elongated. His eyes narrowed, he could see everything clearly and sharply. The soldiers in front of him seemed to be getting smaller and smaller. They all looked up at him.
“No bet Clint.”
Steve tried to make next song cover video. He wrote the lyrics and sang it noiselessly, but someone tapped on his shoulder and he saw Sam leaning against the partition between Steve and Sam's desk.
“PAPA!!” the little kid screamed happily.
“Moooomm~” he whined, in a long time that this was the first time he was whining to his mother. Tony usually whined to his boyfriend. His mother chuckled.
