On their third and final round, A free-for-all, Clint won. “The game as it should be played!” He crowed proudly.
“I’m gonna stop you right there.” Bucky said dryly. “Some things are better left unknown.”
“Has it ever occurred to you that the thing he likes doing most is making others happy?” Jim interrupted.
“What?”
Tony grinned at her.  “Definitely.  Come on, all. For our first team dinner, we’re getting takeout, unless any of you can cook.”
“I guess that’s my answer.” Tony started to get up.
“I’m fine,” Bucky said shortly, “but Tony isn’t. Get us out of here.”
Clint rolled his eyes. “And how many of those smoothies have motor oil in them?” He asked. Clint started walking. “Come on, we need to find Cap and Natasha.”
“Stane heard we were savages,” M’baku said distastefully. “He offered us what I assume is a large sum of money to capture and kill you.”
“I think you mean tomorrow,” Bruce corrected, with a glance at his watch. “We’re having a slumber party in Thor’s bed tonight.”
“Putting y’all in a non-lethal setting with no way out was deemed most to be the most effective way to make you bond!”  Fury shouted back.  “And what makes Stark special?”
“Strap in,” Steve advised, “We don’t know if the door will hold and we don’t want anyone flying out.”
“It’s fine.” Natasha told him. “The Hulk didn’t smash anything or hurt anyone.”
Based off of this prompt: You always see Steve and Bucky adding Tony or Steve and Tony adding Bucky to the relationship, but you rarely see Bucky and Tony adding Steve after the fact. What about something where either Steve didn't realize his feelings until Tony and Bucky were together, or wasn't ready to say anything until after they'd gotten together?? (Tumblr user dayzor)
“Wh-”
Yet both of them got down on their knees and tried to reason with Dum-E the next time they were asked to cat-sit, to no avail. When Tony got home they attempted to invite him over to their place … but Dum-E started meowing loudly from the room over and Tony rushed off with a, “sorry! My baby missed me. Raincheck, okay?”
Prompt: Tony gets Bucky a stuffed animal as a joke but now he won’t let go of it. (requested by @lupinthealchemist on Tumblr)
Steve pulled Tony on top of him in a position that would be better on the inventor’s neck and back. Clint draped the blanket over the three of them.
Lube in Wakanda was unlike lube from anywhere else, Tony found. It smelled good, felt good, and was okay with condoms. Plus somehow it was naturally warm?? It was heavenly and it didn’t dry up fast like most lubes. Also, it was a moisturizer!
“I dare you to come sit in my lap.”
Bruce set a mug of coffee down in front of him, strong and black, just the way he liked it. “Thanks.” Tony started to take a sip, startling and almost spilling it everywhere when he felt fingers carding through his hair. “What the fuck, Barton.”
“The ones I refused to build,” Tony said bitterly. “I’m trying to turn my company in a new direction. Technology for clean energy. Guess he hated that more than I thought.” His arms were starting to ache from being tied behind him. “Look, he probably paid you a lot of money to kill me but I can double whatever it is.”
“Aww, you were worried,” M’baku teased.
And so she did.
In the morning, Fury pried the quinjet door open and found them tangled in a mess of limbs and smiled, because their forced team bonding had been far more succesfull than he’d imagined.
“Tony can’t sleep.”  Nat told him.
“Don’t worry,” Clint stage-whispered into his ear, “Only Cap is on team decaf.”
“Nope.”
“Technically there’s supposed to be no physical  contact between players,” The worker spoke up. She looked like she was about to pass out.
Everyone watched with bated breath as Tony rose from his cross-legged position on the floor, walked the few feet across the circle, and plopped down into his captain’s lap.
Steve just gaped at them.
How could such a small person hold that much obliviousness in his body?
T’challa gaped at him. There was only one obvious answer. He joined them.
“Friend Banner is correct,” Thor said, “and I can only speak for myself -- but I am also happy to give physical comfort to anyone in need as well.”
“And movie nights!” Thor said enthusiastically.  Out of everything in the future, of course movies had been one of the things that he was most impressed with.
M’baku nearly hurled him at the bed. All he knew is that he definitely bounced a few times before the kings pounced and started stripping his clothes off.
Clint’s eyes widened. “Wait … Have you never … ?”
“There’s a manual unlocking mechanism under a panel on the side.” Tony told him. “You know, so that I won’t accidentally get ejected out of it during battle.”
With a sigh, Tony turned the TV off (even though Jarvis could have done that too) and tugged on a pair of sneakers.
“You came to check on me,” M’baku said delightedly. “You do care!”
Natasha went first in plan make-Tony-happy-through-cuddling.
“You need sleep.”  Steve said firmly.
“I can’t ask you out if you’re dead.” Bucky said.
“Tony?” Bucky asked, just to make sure.
“You’re still checking in with Bruce tommorow.” Steve mumbled sleepily, right before they all dropped off.
Finally he cleared his throat loudly, and M’baku leaped to his feet, the blanket caught around his shoulders. The man in bed with him. The outsider in bed with him. Made a pathetic squeaky noise of protest as the covers were ripped away.
“Easy,” Clint snorted. “Bruce only gets tea and Thor only gets poptarts. They were already in the cart. Cap and Natasha always get everything else.”
“No! dont-”
T’challa was gently stroking the outside of Tony’s throat. “Are you able to speak, my love?”
He wasn’t sure when the actual day had started exactly, because it’d been a while since he’d last slept, but at some point everything had gone to shit.
For a second Tony considered not answering and pretending to be asleep but he was sure Steve wouldn’t have asked unless he was sure Tony was up.
But Tony’s eyes had lit up at the nickname. “You can call me whatever you’d like,” he winked, “sugar.”
“That’s fair.” Tony gave another dopey smile. “You have really nice arms.”
“Have ever since I found out you do ‘em,” Bucky confessed.
Steve hadn’t spoken to either Tony or Bucky about it, actually. He was still trying to pull himself together and face the fact that he was going to die alone.
Tony frowned, tilting his head away from the TV. “You’re actually going to a store? Why on Earth would you do that when I can have JARVIS speed order whatever you want and have it delivered in an hour?”
“Friend Anthony keeps to himself too much for us to know what he enjoys,” said Thor.
“Okay, okay!” M’baku held his hands up in surrender. He turned to Tony. “Would you like to dine with me tonight?”
“Loki used to have many a nightmare when he was younger.”  Thor explained.  “This always managed to soothe him.”
“I do not know of this game, but I shall be pleased to learn!”  said Thor.
“Obviously,” Tony sniffed. The team leaned forward, breath baited, did he actually kn-? “Can’t get the party started without a Stark.”
“Well … yeah,” Tony said defensively. “I mean why on earth would he- oh. Weapons.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Bucky declared. “I want in.”
M’baku picked Tony up and tossed him over his shoulder like a caveman. “The tour is over, we must go defile you now.”
“Don’t sound all superior, your weakness is what brought us down.” Tony scowled.
“I will not allow you back in,” Shuri warned him severely.
“Of course.” Steve’s face was starting to cramp from the fake smile. “What else is there to say?”
Tony looked at him disapprovingly. “Steve! Can’t shopping wait?”
“Still Tony, not in the suit yet.” Tony answered, falling into place beside Natasha, who was already suited up. He almost tripped, regained his balance a little, and started to teeter. Nat caught him by the arm, giving him a slightly concerned side-glance.
Tony was holding a green-ish looking Bruce back, whispering soothing things into his ear.
“I dream about the plane going down, and  losing Bucky, and sometimes about losing you guys.”  Steve said quietly.
“So. Congratulations,” Steve managed, with an awful forced smile. “I hope you’ll be happy together. If one of you hurts the other I’ll give you a harsh glare of disappointment.” His attempt at humor fell horribly flat.
After they both got free samples of chips and guac and were continuing to walk the store, Clint stopped quite suddenly in front of the fruit. “Need any smoothie ingredients?” He asked, doing a 180 to look at Tony. Their faces were uncomfortably close.
They hovered at the sides of the door, like bodyguards, facing the stairs, waiting for Tony’s head to appear over the landing.
“You’re so good at this,” T’challa praised. “Look so beautiful with your lips stretched around my cock.”
“You’re just sore because I didn’t try and seduce you too, aren’t you, sweetheart?” Steve bent down and whispered something NSFLT (not safe for laser tagging) in his ear. “Better?”
“And um.” Bruce shifted uncomfortably. “The absolutely best way to conserve body heat is to cuddle naked.”
“Well yeah, I thought you were just going to use me to carry your extra stuff,” Tony admitted, brandishing his basket. “Why don’t you all just take carts?”
“Can we at least try to keep it clean?”  Bruce pleaded.
Prompt: Stucky wants Tony to join their relationship and they know that Tony likes them too but Tony's cat keeps cockblocking or preventing them from asking Tony out.
----------
He was becoming rapidly more aggressive, particularly around Tony and Bucky. Not physically. He’d never hurt them intentionally. But he was snappish and rude and short tempered, and he had a tendency to break whatever he was holding whenever Tony and Bucky did anything coupley. Which being newly in love, they did quite a lot, naturally.
Natasha was leaning idly against the side of a cart while Steve stood at the front of it, consulting a list.
He was right. They barely saw him outside of team bonding nights. Even Bruce, whom he ‘scienced’ with usually worked in a separate lab.
Sam, who had witnessed the failed kissing debacle and was also horrified, jerked up. “There’s worse?”
“Definitely,” Steve agreed. “It’s the right thing to do.”
Tony had been
“ … A while,” M’baku admitted grudgingly.
“Sorry,” Tony said quietly. “You don’t have to be thorough if it’s too much. I can just do you instead.”
Naturally though, he began to get suspicious. Tony was a genius, after all. So when it came to his turn and he said they should play party games starting with truth or dare, they all exchanged nervous glances.
Prompt (stuckony): AU in which they all have tumblr, and they all are part of a collaborative blog (w/ the rest of the avengers) (tony makes themes, steve draws, bucky has the most mind blowing meta)+ they keep complimenting each other on anon, then one day one of them is tired of all the shit they get from anons and turns it off w/o telling anyone... (from @three-thousand-starks on tumblr)
Because Steve had told him and Sam about the team, about how they were all sort of … more than teammates. And how even though they included Tony, the so-called ‘genius’ had no idea.
He was really talking more to himself than Tony at this point. After all, the genius probably couldn’t even hear him.
and tugged him to the frozen food aisle.
“Alright!” Clint said once they had made it to the store. The team quickly dispersed without a backwards glance. “Everyone’s got their shopping lists except you so you’re coming with me.” Then he
Natasha scowled. “Screw the right thing, he’s put on like 12 disney movies at this point. I owe him. I hate owing people.”
He suggested group baking and science experiments which made Thor and Bruce very happy.
“You have?” Tony looked at Bucky for confirmation.
“It must have been an EMP.” Tony said. “Which means someone wants to keep us here.”
But grocery shopping? Grocery shopping was great.
“Amazing!” Shuri beamed at him and Tony couldn’t help smiling back. She was great. Her and Peter would definitely get along.
“It’s actually a better idea for us to share blankets and cuddle. It’ll conserve body heat.” Bruce told him causually.
“You are not making us a real laser laser tag course,” Steve said sternly.
(From Lynnie on AO3)
“I mean, as bad as that was, I’m glad we bonded,” Clint ventured, once they were safely back in the tower.
There was the current added bonus of Tony’s company too of course.
When Bucky finally gathered up the courage to ask Tony out, Tony’s first question was, “why?” Why did Bucky like him?
“Steve,” she said sharply, after he crushed yet another glass, shards and drops of blood flying everywhere. “Enough. Go talk to them like an adult.”
“We can’t do an entire activity dedicated to coffee, Clint,” Steve said firmly. “Besides, we’re trying to switch the tower over to decaf, remember?”
“I will be if I don’t get out of this cold.” Tony said, gritting his teeth and wrapping his arms around himself to stave off the shivering. He could already feel his chest and stiff joints aching more from the cold.
Thor gave him puppy dog eyes. “Please stay, dear Anthony. We enjoy your company.”
“I’m just using my avantages!” Tony protested, when accused of cheating.
“Yeah,” Tony rasped. “Yeah, I’m fine.” He moaned. “God, that feels so good.” M’baku was up to two fingers.
“Yeah, you can go to sleep sweet thing.” Bucky said softly, his eyes going all gentle, running his fingers through the man’s hair in a way that was guaranteed to make him relax.
“Oh.” Tony studiously didn’t look at any of them, studying the floor near his toes instead.
“Why them?” Tony asked, following.
Yikes, Tony Stark using grammar terms? Yep, he definitely had a concussion.
“He usually wears lifts in his shoes,” Natasha scoffed. “I’m surprised you hadn’t noticed.”
Steve scowled at him, but it had no heat. “That’s not what you said last night.”
“We are not savages!” M’baku roared. “We have our own justice system that does not include mercenary work.You have done nothing wrong in any case. And as I told you, we have no need for money.”
“Iron Man.” He said.
It wasn’t that Tony wasn’t enjoying the activities he picked, he just wasn’t picking for himself the way the rest of them did. He could have been happier. And the team noticed.
Natasha was into spa days (nights) with everything. Manis, pedis, facial, full body massage, the whole shebang. She liked to relax, since she’d never been allowed that luxury as a child.
First with Bucky, whom he’d thought he could never be with. Not in the 1900s. He’d loved Peggy, he really had, but they’d both had to suffer from the knowledge that she was his second choice.
She was right, Steve thought, head drooping. He had to be mature about this. So even though he wasn’t quite ready, he sat down with Bucky and Tony. (gritting his teeth over the way they snuggled together on the long couch. There was plenty of room there for them to sit far apart.)
Tony turned to find a super handsome man looming over him. “Big.” He said.
“Why on earth wouldn’t that apply to him?” T’challa demanded. Not that he had anything against Tony Stark, but what in Bast’s name was going on here?
Tony’s stomach swooped for the second time that day. He really hoped that didn’t include noticing when someone was into him because then Tony was royally screwed.
“You seem honest,” Gorilla guy told him. “I have no interest in your American money, Hanuman provides everything my tribe needs.”
“We’re coming. But it’s unstable.”
“Fine.” Thor was the first to asquice.
Thor shook his head. “Indeed, Anthony is aware of his attractiveness, but he does not seem to understand Midgardian relationships.”
“You can go now,” Bucky said pointedly.
Finally Tony finished up and promised his audience he’d answer some more questions next session. “So what’s up with your arm, Buckaroo?”
“Because you’ll have nightmares?” Steve asked.
“I just got really startled.” Bruce was clearly feeling extremely guilty.
“This man.” A picture was thrust in front of his face and yup, that was definitely him. His captor took in his expression. “You are surprised.”
Young Tony with best friend Rhodey who is secretly a wakandan spy. Rhodey brings over "friends" of him: M'Baku (and maybe T'Challa too?) (actually because Tony is brilliant and awesome and he wants them to meet him). If you want, it could have M'Baku being a bit confused by american customs? (requested by @wrenchirps on tumblr)
Natasha was the one who called everyone to discuss Tony.
M’baku was holding a steaming cup of … well it wasn’t anything like the tea in the rest of the world. He looked possibly more dishevelled than Tony felt, although much more alert and far less worn out. So did T’challa, who had his arms around Tony.
“Yes, and what about it?” M’baku looked irritated.
And then it came back around to Tony and he asked, “Steve, truth or dare.”
“We do not,” Steve said. “But it sure is fascinating to watch.”
“It’s been …” Bucky wracked his brains  for a possible problem. “ … sticking.”
Prompt: Tony, Bucky and Steve arguing who gets to sit in the middle for movie night. (requested by @peteryoulittleshit from tumblr)
“Who?” Tony asked, feeling a little lost.
“Alliteration,” Tony murmured. “Nice.”
“I call not calling him,” Clint said immediately. “The man is terrifying. He told me if I ever made Tony cry he’d make sure I never shoot an arrow again.”
He was going to kill the new handler. He and Tony had been told to investigate the basement together.
And they all let out a disappointed breath together.
“I don’t even know.”  Tony admitted.  “Jarvis would know.”
On this particular day Tony was sleepy, but from waking up too early, not staying up too late. Bruce wrapped Tony’s hands around a steaming mug of coffee as was customary in the mornings before kissing everyone on the cheek and going on his way.
Steve nodded absently, crossing something off his list. “Have fun.”
“Pets can be possessive of their owners,” Clint joined their conversation through a mouthful of pizza. “Just look at Lucky.” He swallowed and gestured down at the one-eyed dog who was sitting at his feet chewing on a pizza crust.
Bucky and Sam stared at the ‘pass around the Tony’ that seemed to be going on.
Sam was halfway turned to ask Steve if this was normal, but Steve was suddenly next to Tony too, asking if he could at least get a goodbye hug if Tony really had to go.
They all loved it. Sometimes the team was treated to the sight of sleep-deprived Tony shuffling around random places. Tony was always sweet and pliant when half asleep. He’d let any one of them manhandle him into the nearest bed, or into the kitchen for some food if Jarvis informed them it had been too long since Tony’d last eaten.
“What was that thing Tony was doing before I came in?”
“Hey!” He protested, slapping their hands away. “If you’re so turned on by me doing things efficiently then maybe you should let me take my own clothes off.”
“Yes.” Both of them sat back on their haunches. “Give us a show,” M’baku encouraged.
From the bed, Tony let out a long low groan. “Can you guys please either leave or come back to bed? I’m trying to sleep here.”
A few seconds later Tony announced that they were back online.
. Don’t doubt that. We thought you needed better bonding. We wanted you to be as happy here as we are.”
“It says, ‘Enjoy your team bonding session. -Fury’” Steve read.
Tony cocked his head. “No, guys, I’m really fine. I barely feel anything.”
Without warning, the Iron Man suit shut off completely, and Tony started to fall. “Cap? I’m being knocked out of the sky!"
“What makes you think I’m not happy?” Tony asked defensively.
“Alright.” Cap conceded. “Window insulation and team cuddling it is.”
“What?” He asked defensively.
It was fine for a few rounds. Clint was dared to post weird things to his twitter. They found out Thor’s favorite (earth) animal was the whale.
“Fine!”  Fury threw back, “I’ll just deactivate the EMP and y’all can find your own way home.  Have fun trying to be a real team without us.”
Tony actually looked offended at that. “No! I know what broken ribs feel like, that makes the reactor hurt more. I just got squeezed really tightly by one of those tentacle things. It’ll clear up in a a few weeks. Less, if I use that cream Pepper got me.”
Tony sank back down slowly. “You guys have been acting weird for a while.”
“What’s on the roster today, snugglebug?” Clint asked.
Steve opened Tony’s door, put the crate down, and slammed it shut. “We’re taking you out,” he announced. Dum-E started yowling, but it was too late! The words had been said. Or so they thought.
“Tony.” Steve said softly, trailing his fingers over Tony’s shoulder, “Baby, honey, sweetheart, why didn’t you tell us? Is that why you always downplay your injuries? Because you really think they’re not as bad as they are?”
“Tony, you’re coming over here.” Steve said. He gathered the scientist up in his arms.
.”  Tony said desperately.
Clint went to the cockpit to restart the quinjet.  They were all relieved when it roared to life.
But Tony.
“I assume you gave them the night off,” T’challa said. “So that you and- wait. Is that Tony Stark?”
They tried to get their arms around him on the couch, but Dum-E climbed onto Tony’s lap meowing loudly, demanding all his attention. Then he purred right into Steve and Bucky’s glaring faces, looking quite pleased with himself.
“Um. What are you doing, big guy?”  Clint asked cautiously.
A sneering Nat walked in. “I’ll fight you to cuddle with him.”
“Were we wrong?” Bucky challenged.
“Uh huh.” Tony’s eyes darted around the kitchen nervously. He glanced down at Nat’s fingers intertwined with his. Tony’s mouth opened, but before he could say anything, Thor reached for him and the inventor found himself scooped into a large lap.
Natasha started walking towards the doorway. “I’m going to bring him back,” she announced. “That was unacceptable.”
Every considered Bucky x Steve x Tony x Clint???? It’s a cute ship I found that’s pretty small on AO3. If you’d like to write for them, I have a prompt! Laser tag shenanigans where everyone cheats in their own way and I insists they didn’t cheat because x y and z reason. Requested by a Tumblr anon.
“You know,” Bucky said, once they’d bought their ice cream and were taking turns trying to make the others blush with saucy licking motions, “I’m kinda disappointed that they consider those things lasers. They don’t even kill you.”
Steve had been stomping around the tower in a storm cloud and no one knew why. Well, except Natasha. She knew everything.
“We should do things to make sure we stay that way,” Tony suggested.
“Oh and here,” Clint said. “See that girl? She’s giving out free samples. Free samples are literally the best part of shopping.”
“What?  It’s supposed to be team bonding anyways, and it’s going to be really boring sitting around and doing nothing.”
“We just thought the team needed better bonding,” Clint said.
“I mean …” Now Tony was looking uncertain. “I would know, wouldn’t I?”
“Can’t ask me out if you don’t ask,” Tony countered.
“Yes.” Tony held up a finger. “One condition. We wait until I’m not in the hospital.”
When Tony pulled his shirt off tonight, instead of the usual admiring glances he got, he was met with twin looks of horror.
“Aw, thanks Steve!” Tony beamed at him and handed Dum-E over.
Clint walked next to him chatting eagerly. “Jeez Tony, this is awesome. We get to pop your store cherry!”
They all looked at him, intrigued.
There were murmurs of assent from everyone.
“I- what?”
Clint glared up at the ceiling. “You’re biased.”
“But you’re okay?”
“You think we want to take you out … shopping?” Bucky asked. There was only one thing to be done. He pulled Tony in for a mind-numbing kiss. It was only slightly ruined by the cat screeching in the background. “We wanna take you out on a
“Mine,” Thor rumbled.
“Tony Stark,” Tony replied. “But I can be anyone for you, big guy. And I’d appreciate that … ride.”
“We’d love to show you physical affection all the time,” Thor said.
Bucky growled under his breath, ripping off a strip of his shirt to wrap Tony’s bleeding head.
Tony looked at him, speechless.
Thor varied, but it was always something Darcy had told him to try because, “it’s a human tradition!”
All the avengers had
“You make a good point.” Bucky grinned, “Tony, will you do me the honour of letting me take you out on a date?”
Bucky glanced uneasily at the camera. “‘S my arm,” He lied. “It’s been acting up.” He didn’t want Tony’s fanbase, or even really Tony himself, to be honest, to know that he was simply seeking out the geniuse’s company for the sake of it.
“We need Bruce to take a look at you.” Steve said briskly, “to make sure nothing is broken inside.”
“Fair enough,” Tony conceded. He’d never had to rely on free stuff but he could understand that people with less than him enjoyed it.  And … he could see why Clint liked going to the supermarket so much. It was nice, the anonymity, being surrounded by people who weren’t expecting anything of him, and of course, food.
“Nope.” Clint crossed his arms. “It is a big deal and you’re coming with me right now. Get your shoes on. Even Thor has been grocery shopping, holy shit.”
Tony banged his fists uselessly on his gorilla of a boyfriend’s back uselessly, immediately stopping because it made him feel too much like a damsel in distress. He sighed in defeat as he was carried out. Being fucked for the rest of the day wasn’t the worst thing, Tony supposed.
Tony cocked his head. “You’re not?” Well that was a plot twist.
“I-I don’t think theres any other clothes here,” the genius said, teeth chattering. He swore he could feel the damp parts of his clothing stiffening and turning to ice.
Finally the conversation had dwindled and Steve insisted they all get some sleep.
“Our meetings were strategy to make you happier,” Thor said earnestly. “We wish you no ill will.”
“What?”
“Oh hell no,” said Natasha. “No offense but I’m not getting naked with any of you.” Then she sent a considering glance around the cabin. “At least not in this current situation.”
“Nat’s right.” Bruce squinted at him. “And your clothes are wet. Why are they wet? You were outside like that, even if it was just for a minute.”
“We can do it whenever you want,” said Steve. “For as long as you want.”
And now he was in a cave-in with Tony, who was unconscious from a head wound. He really should have seen this coming.
He seemed fine the entire day, but night was a different story.
“How do I get you out of there?” Steve asked determinedly.
“I eat vegetables when someone on the team makes them,” Clint defended. “Besides, you don’t have a leg to stand on. I’ve hardly seen you eat anything besides coffee.” He piled packages of food into the basket he’d made Tony take as well.
“Inventing,” Tony said vaguely. “So much inventing.”
“Why on earth would I tell you?” The colonel asked. “That’s Tony’s business. If he hasn’t told you then he doesn’t want you to know.”
Tony glanced at Shuri, who shrugged. “Sure,” he said. “Just dine?”
Apparently Tony didn’t check who was tuning in though, and Jarvis didn’t bother informing him.
“He looked so cuddly,” Steve lamented. “I just want to hold him. Thor, he nice to hold?”
“Me too,” said Natasha.
Tony rolled his eyes fondly, and began unbuttoning his shirt while his boyfriends looked on, practically salivating. He didn’t even do anything particularly sexy, but they were enthralled nonetheless.
Clint shrugged. “Free stuff?
Tony looked confused, but he gave Steve a hug.
Bucky had his answer ready. “Well doll, I just seen you doin’ your live-streams and I just  … love watching you. And hearin’ you talk. And the way you go out of your way to help complete strangers fix their things.”
Tony centric with some pretty unlikely team-bonding, courtesy of Nicholas J Fury.
Basically, a part two to chapter 3.
Was Barton … flirting with him?
Clint gripped the front of Tony’s shirt and made a desperate little noise. Gosh dangit, Tony found it cute. He was screwed.
“Please do.” Jim’s voice suddenly reverted back to pleasantness. “Have a good night, Captain. Tell the team I say hello.”
Also a success.
“My watch is working again, see?”  Tony held his wrist up excitedly.
Tony nearly choked over his haste to reply. “Well it seems a shame to lie to him like that.”
“Anyways, I’ll see you all later,” Tony said. “I need to sign some stuff for Pepper. I’ll be back for dinner.” As he shuffled away they heard him mutter, “What I wouldn’t give to get in the middle of that.”
(They did)
Reluctantly, Tony nodded.
Then Tony. They’d gotten off to a rocky start. Then it had developed into … Steve had thought it was flirting. It almost seemed like they were about to start an amazing natural relationship.
He awoke a while later to the smell of something warm and sweet drifting into his nose.
“Sometimes I dream about all the people I killed.”  Natasha confessed.
This is lowkey just me making fun of IW
M’baku smiled a mischievous large smile that set Tony’s heart fluttering a little. “King T’challa let us take you.”
“Depends,” Tony threw back, “You Brooklyn boys gonna make it worth my while?”
Tony rolled his eyes and reached for the cup. He really didn’t understand how they were like that. Sure, T’challa had the enhancement of the heart-shaped herb, and M’baku was a gigantic freak of nature who clearly had some mutation that allowed him three times the muscle capacity of a normal human, but really? How were they
Then Bucky had come back. Steve had been torn. He didn’t want to be with Tony while he still had feelings for Bucky. That wouldn’t be fair. And Bucky had been recovering, plus Steve still had no idea if he was even interested.
Steve held his hands up in surrender and walked out, throwing a wink behind him as he went.
“Are you sure?” Natasha asked.
“Oh please.”  Fury scoffed.  “Stark and Banner are geniuses. There was no way any of you could have died.”
“Guys, look at this.” She came back a minute later, a note in hand.
The ride back to the tower was insurmountably better than the ride there. The tension that always came before a battle wasn’t present, although many of them were stiff with anger over what Fury had done.
“You coming to bed, doll?” Bucky called down into his workshop.
“Does laser tag involve lasers?” Bucky interrupted. “Because if it does then I’m in. No questions asked.”
Natasha poked her head out. “It’s all clear!” She called. “You guys going to just stand there and freeze?”
Wrapping it around himself, Tony glared at them. “I’m not taking the bottom half off. I’m pretty sure my underwear is wet and as much as I’m sure all of you would enjoy it, I’m not stripping in front of you.”
“And me!” Sam said hastily.
“Are you warm enough?”
Tony’s eyes widened. “Holy shit! I’m dating the Avengers? Why didn’t anyone tell me?” He spun around to look at all of them, looking entirely stunned. “Am I dating you guys too?” Tony gestured at Bucky and Sam. “Holy fuck, I am, aren’t I?” He was sounding slightly hysterical.
Jarvis walked him through making his own account, following Tony’s, and subscribing to his live-feeds.
Steve raised an arm and gestured wordlessly at the geniuses torso. Tony looked down.
Prompt: Bucky and Clint have been courting the genius for weeks, but they haven't really been done in the way the genius would notice, given his obliviousness to everything. It takes Laura and Steve telling their exes to just come out with it (get your head out of your ass Clint) (You used to be a lot better at this, Buck), and thus begins the Tony-Bucky-Clint relationship.
“I told you already, I
“Oh, I’m so sorry,” she said. “I must take this.” she hurried off for privacy. “Do not touch anything while I’m gone!” she called back to him.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Tony then. You’re going to need to suit up. The mission is in the middle of nowhere, and it’s cold.”
“We should play a game or something.” Clint said, after the sheet had been put over the window and everyone was cuddled in close to each other.
It had started with the battle alarm going off. Wait, no. It had started when he spilled coffee all over himself right
“Yeah, I wasn’t flying us too high.” Clint assured him. “We were planning on unrealistically jumping out of the plane like badasses and into the battle.”
Bucky decided that the rest of the team were just idiots, and they hadn’t been straightforward enough. So he just kissed Tony after the mechanic had finished working on his arm.
Natasha nodded. “That’s fine.”
They all watched him with baited breath, hoping against hope they hadn’t woken him. Tony just pushed his face deeper into Steve’s stomach and quieted down again.
“Shit,” Bucky hissed, looking around wildly. “Shit shit shit.”
Bucky left with a smoothly working arm and a lighter, more hopeful heart.
“What the fuck?” Bucky heard Sam mutter.
Tony of course, wanted to know exactly what everything was supposed to do and how to work it.
Tony craned his neck around to look at Steve consideringly. “Maybe I will.”
The night itself had been fun. Snacking on food they had found in the storage room, they played not only never have I ever, but also truth or dare (mostly just truth, since nobody wanted to get up) and exchanged a lot of childhood stories.
“Okay.” Tony slid off of Thor’s lap, cradling his coffee protectively against his chest with one hand, batting away Clint with his other. “I just came here to get coffee. I’ll just be going then.”
Prompt: Eventual Poly avengers, fighting for Tony’s attention and/or affection, with an oblivious Tony. Would really appreciate Bucky being included. (@Cheyenne Phillippe on AO3)
If he didn’t fix this they were all dead. Colonel Rhodes would come for them. And worse, Tony would stay devastated.
Wow, I got a lot of support while writing this. This means y'all are gonna send my Tumblr asks now, right?
Vaguely, Tony wondered when Clint had started calling him by his first name. “Well savor it arrow boy, cuz it’s the only first you’re gonna get.”
As they began getting closer, they became much … closer. Physically and emotionally, until they were the closest they could possibly be.
The next person who came up the stairs was Tony, and his presence was announced by … a meowing. Fuck.
“We thought you were our friend,” Steve cut in, blushing. “Sorry ‘bout that.”
Steve gulped. “I understand. Thank you so much for your help, colonel. I’ll pass your, uh, message along to the rest of the team.”
Clint liked playing games, which often included dragging everyone out to arcades and carnivals.
“Agent Feige is a moron is what happened,” Bucky said. “The super stable structure caved in on us.”
“O-okay.” Tony looked fretfully back towards his door. “But Dum-E …”
“Interested … interested,” Tony told him cautiously. “We thought you liked us both.”
Steve cleared his throat. “Thank you for telling me, sir. We’ll do our best with him, I swear.”
Fear rushed like a wave through my body.
I was on my feet in seconds, Steve’s image vanished out of my thoughts, only coldness and darkness settled in my mind.
Steve still laughed and then laughed some more when I glared at him.
“Just fuck off Ajax, no one wants you here”, Peter rolled with his eyes, bumping his leg against Wade’s. He knew how much Wade hated it when someone mentioned his scars. It wasn’t his fault.
"Ive seen you naked before Petey and ouch you didn't even try to fight over me", Wade pouted and went up to Peter to wrap his arms around his upper body.
"Lol, lol, lol, lol, lol, lol, lol!" Steve laughed loudly.
My heart hammered in my chest, my lungs felt too small and I only heard the rush of blood in my ears, when my father said: “If you are not back in my house the next morning, boy. I will make your life to hell and make you wish you were never born!”
Steve smirked challengingly.
“Nothing. We just wanted to keep you company”, I smiled.
"Yes mum!" Steve yelled back and then stood up. "Come you need the rest."
"Why not?" Steve asked curiously as he bounced on his wide bed and slipped under the covers.
“You do it too!” Peter argued.
„At least I send a message then“, Tony mumbled and yawned.
“Why? What’s wrong with it?”
“I am winning, I am winning! I wooooooon!” Wade laughed loudly. “Take that motherfucker!”
Well we are all a bunch of weird, awkward and difficult people. Tony would fit perfectly.
"Please Tony", Steve sobbed. "There has to be another plan."
Then I remembered that I wanted to be nicer to him, so I took a deep breath and answered.
Slowly but surely the room came into view and his heart rate sank, his breath came slower and he let himself fall down on the bed, trying to stop the skating of his body.
“Dude, you should just talk to her already,” I told him.
“I said, “Shut up Gayfucker, no one asked you for your opinion”, Ajax grinned cruelly. “You wanna punch me now scarface? You think you are strong enough?”
"Sir. It is six o'clock in the morning. Young Sir and Mr. Wilson are currently sleeping peacefully in young Sir's room. It's currently 17 degrees outside and the sky should be clear for the reminder of the day. You are in your mansion outside of New York", Jarvis said, effectefly calming Tony.
Of course nothing would ever stay perfect for Tony. Nothing ever did. Nothing ever would.
“Steve!”
“Sometimes I think Tony isn’t always the boy he pretends to be,”
“It’s not healthy” Tony answered softly.
Tony and Steve looked up to her.
This happened two years ago. Now Peter had some stuff with his Papa and some stuff with his Dad, seeing the hurt still lingering in both of their eyes, knowing they both still loved each other but not able to do anything until now.
Peter didn’t realize his eyes falling shut again, until some time later he woke up with a start, as his Dad’s words were finally registered by his still-hazy-from-sleep-brain.
Classes went on, but Tony was gone for the rest of the day.
They both went out of the house, Tony locking the door after them and then moving towards the beautiful car, resting peacefully in the driveway.
I woke again to a shrill sound ringing on the nightstand and groaned loudly as I rolled over, just to be directly in front of Steve's smiling face.
Silence.
Tony rubbed at his eyes, trying to get rid from the last of his tears, before he nodded.
“It really is fine. It’s just for two more years and then I am eighteen and can go. I survived this long, I can survive two more years”, I argued.
A comfortable silence fell over us, while I tried to not concentrate on how good Tony smelled too much.
We were sitting in Steve's living room, watching Sherlock Holmes and Steve couldn't stop but annoy Tony with telling him how the actor will be his future looking.
“Yes Mrs. Wilson, we already told you” Peter grinned at her.
"What?"
I sat down at the kitchen table, ate and caught my thoughts always drifting off to a certain blond haired, muscular, tall guy that first didn’t like me and now somehow changed his mind.
Tony nodded and kissed him again.
"Tony?" Steve asked unsure.
When we arrived at school Pepper, Rhodey, Sam, Bucky, Natasha, Clint and Bruce came running to me, greeting me happily and asking if I was okay.
Howard turned his back and left. Knowing that he had won. Knowing that Tony would do what he ordered.
Steve smiled at me and then everything went to hell.
"Sorry sleeping beauty I was shocked you already were awake, I thought I could kiss you to wake up", I smirked and felt even more smug when I saw the deep blush creeping up Steve's face.
I didn't know for how long we sat there just comforting each other. Mostly me but Steve and Mrs. Rogers were nervous from the sudden adrenalin rush too and had to calm themselves down.
Steve just looked at him, mouth hanging open, his eyes wide.
They went through the hallway and the stairways up to Steve's room. Since I had some nightmares in the beginning, Steve insisted that I would sleep in his room. Of course I argued against it and denied that I didn't have nightmares and I could take care of my own, thank you very much. But Mrs. Rogers found that a good idea too and no one argues with Mrs. Rogers.
I’ll chase them away
That did make sense to be honest.
"We actually have to be at your home and eat your mothers lunch", I countered.
I couldn’t say anything. I was too tired.
Silence dominated them, as they got out and went up to the front door. The door opened automatically. Jarvis knowing that Steve and Peter where at the front porch knew that they had open access to Tonys house. Loud music blared through the house indicating that Tony indeed was working in the shop, not knowing Steve and Peter where there.
"Tony", the voice singsonged now and the footsteps became louder.
Thor looked shocked.
They stood there for a moment. Steve looking at Wade with a stony expression and Wade fidgeting with his fingers.
Wades heart stopped. No, it really stopped for a moment there. When Wade finally could catch his breath to answer Peter, to tell him how much he loved him too and that he would do anything for him, Peter went on: "I don't want an answer from you now, Wade. I just want you to know." Then Peter turned towards Steve, leaving Wade to follow, without him being able to express the same feelings for Peter.
Steve leaned down and kissed me softly on the lips. I practically felt how the tension melted form my body, when a soft squirmy feeling started to erupt in my belly. I kissed Steve back, loving the warmth that spread through my body. Loving Steve... I tensed... where had that come from?! I shoved that thought as far away from my mind as I could, the words from my father ringing through my head loud and clearly:
“What? What is this funny now?!” Dad’s face was red with anger, he look like a volcano, shortly before it explodes, but my mum just laughed hysterically.
She hugged me. Hard. I couldn’t breathe anymore, but it was good.
"You know?" Peter asked with a mixture of shock and... was that fear?
I am pretty sure I went to Rhodey last evening, so why wasn’t I in the room, they usually had ready for me… It couldn’t be, could it?
It was 2 pm when he finally arrived home, parked his car in front of the mansion and when finally inside, slammed the door furiously and hid in his workshop until Peter came home.
Tony didn’t look at the document, he knew what stood in their, meaning, hello, super genius here. He hacked into the files beforehand, reading about everything that concerned those two young heroes.
“Also, I would be afraid of us too. Everyone knows what we do. We are fighting villains, but we are causing a lot of destruction with it, our job is actually to kill threats, so that they don’t harm the city. Let’s say they are as young as we think, than I can understand them, for I wouldn’t want to cross us too. They are maybe afraid that we think them as threats and don’t want it”, Bruce added.
When I mentioned Tony for the first time, I noticed the dark shadow that suddenly washed over her, she seemed lost in her thoughts, after I told her about him and when I asked her, what was wrong, she just shrugged and told me, that Tony is actually a really nice guy, just extremely misunderstood. And this confused me the most, because, hell, even my mom seems to know something about him and I am pretty sure I never ever talked about Tony with her before.
Then they put on the beamer and produced some files on the wall. Next to the files were some video clips where Spiderman and Deadpool fought against some bad guys. Every video had a different date and showed different situations.
"Are you in here Tony?" Dad singsonged happily, cruelly. "Should I come in and see for myself?"
He didn’t acknowledge us till we stood next to him. Slowly he looked up, suspicion glimmering in his eyes and carefully chewing his meal.
“Let go!” I screamed and kicked frantically.
"Did you even read the books?" I asked him.
"What! Why? Wade you know Steve and I don't have a problem with you. As long as you don't hurt Peter and really... if you hurt him I will kill you...", Tony warned.
Why are you betraying me?
Stark men are made of iron!
"Steve, Tony is not lost yet. We can do something, but we can't waist more time now."
“Well, seems like Mr. Stark delights us with his presence after all.”
“Peter! Your Father is waiting!” The shrill, old voice of Wade’s Granny echoed through the house.
She went to go, but before she turned into the living room she stopped and asked Steve: "Tell Jane to bring her camera."
Peter expected Steve to go crazy, to be outraged by this possibility, to... he didn't know, just react, but he didn't. He stayed silent. The only thing that hinted to his Papa being upset was his tightening on the steering wheel.
“Call your mother, Steve. Tell her Tony is here and need help. Can you do this?”
“Okays”, Peter laughed and wiped his tears away, sniffling a bit.
“Sure. You would have done it anyways” his Dad grinned. “You probably want to show him your new board then, don’t you? I can’t blame you, would have done the same.”
"What?" He asked taken aback.
Steves heart stopped.
“Hey guys.” I greeted our friends who where waiting in the hallway in front of our lockers and smiled nervously.
"I don't believe you", he snickered.
When I did, my eyes shot open and I frantically tried to get off the bed, what succeeded in me, falling to the floor with a loud thud, that made me hurt more than before.
But he did. Why did Steve leave? He promised Tony, he promised he would stay. Then why wouldn't he? Why would he let Tony feel hope again and then take it from him in the most terrible way? It wasn't fair. Nothing in Tonys life ever was. Even his father had told him that.
Tony clenched his fists, his face stayed blank, as he answered: “Everything is glorious, Steve, what do you want?”
"If I may ask, Sir, why do you even choose to buy a Mango. There are a lot of other healthy fruits on the market, that should be sufficient for young Sir's needs."
“So how was your day with your friend?” Tony asked Peter as they both sat in the car driving in the direction of the mansion.
"I assure you Mr. Wilson as much as I like the both of you, there is no need for me to participate in deeper intimacy with you" Mr. Forge turned around and left.
I smiled at him when I passed him in the hallway but he just looked away.
other students around us.
I thought that as along as the others liked me, I had to enjoy it. It wouldn’t last long, but it felt good, while it lasted, even though I first was suspicious.
"And after school you will go to your Papa and tell him..."
Was there panic in his voice?
Peter quickly went upstairs to throw his schoolback in his room and then met his Dad in the kitchen again.
We heard Mrs. Rogers yelling in the hallway before we ran downstairs and my heart froze in my chest.
I clenched my fists around the bed sheet, my eyes flickering between Mrs. Rogers and Steve.
Mrs. Rogers sighed and rubbed her eyes.
Wade kissed Peter furiously as his hand travelled down Peter’s body and then slipped in his boxers to grasp his cock. Peter bucked his hips and moaned loudly.
He dropped the note, staring at something only he could see... something terrible... His whole vision was plastered with pictures of Tonys beaten body, screaming for help...dying.
Tony didn’t answer.
“Thought so”, he grinned.
Immediately I started wolfing down my breakfast and nodded. “Yes Mrs. Rogers.”
Peter laughed next to him in the bed, before falling asleep entirely.
“Hi mum,”
“Stop, Bucky, just stop. I love you okay and I don’t want to loose you”, Steve sounded desperately.
"Sir, I am apologetic for my next use of words, but that is utter bullshit and you know it."
"What did his father do?" Rhodey asked with a dark voice that made nearly everyone shudder.
The soft kiss turned into a harsh one and soon Steve's tongue slipped into my mouth, exploring every corner of it.
“Leave”, he said darkly. My father just laughed. “You have nothing to order me, boy” he spat.
“Hey sugar ass”, Wade greeted him in the school hall.
We broke apart and I had to swallow thickly at my thoughts. Why did my father have to ruin everything good in my life, even if he is not here?
We were sitting in the cafeteria for lunch break, like on any other school day and were talking about stupid weekend stories.
Oh my gosh, were did that come from?!
“I don’t talk like that”
Second chapter whoo whoop! Its I think the fastest time I've ever updated and now I am going back watching avengers assemble although I should probably sleep because of school tomorrow!
"I am sorry for waking you up, I am sorry for bothering you and your mother, I think... I think it would be better for me to go back home", I whispered and couldn't help but to sob again.
“Who is it?” I heard somebody say, maybe Clint?
“SHUT UP!” Steve screamed. “I don’t want to hear one more excuse Tony, not one more. I am done! I am done with you, I am done with everything. I am leaving and I am taking Peter with me.”
Steve wiped them away.
exam!”
“Seriously this guy is annoying! Geez look at this tech, this is all bullshit!”, Tony complained as he shot one through the chest, grabbing another one by the arm and throwing it into a group of Doombots were they exploded.
Silence.
I nodded numbly and fumbled my phone out of my pocket.
"I am not going to win this fight anyways so do what you want but don't come crying to me like a baby when you crush into a wall", Steve huffed.
"You idiot" Peter breathed into Wades neck. "Now we are going to be late for school."
she winked at me and I smiled, took back the plate and told her a little bit about my day.
“I’ve never seen him like this before,” I said.
"Oh my god, that was so emotional I have to cry!" Wade sobbed and rubbed his eyes.
I sighed, when I looked into the mirror.
Tony was taken aback.
It was times like this, Steve couldn't be more grateful to have such wonderful friends. No one asked why Steve suddenly demanded them to all be there in less than twenty minutes. They just trusted Steve that he had his reason and came in even less time than he had asked them too.
Dad was terrible calm now.
Tony swallowed.
It couldn’t have been any better, but then everything got even worse than before!
It was Wednesday morning and I was sitting half asleep in my seat, drawing stupid sketches of my teacher in my notebook when suddenly the door burst open and Tony stumbled into the room.
Peter clenched his fists around his shirtsleeves even harder as he heard this. Tears starting to burn up in his eyes.
They visited me through out the two weeks but well it was nice to finally meet them outside the house of Mrs. Rogers.
“Traitor”, I mumbled.
It was six pm now. After they got home, Peter stormed into his room, locking himself away, being angry at Steve and at his Dad for putting up with Steve’s shit all the time and yes it is Steve now and not Papa because he is so fucking angry!
“No! Not you too!” I groaned again.
Howard didn’t answer, but there was rage in his eyes and a hint of madness.
MUHAHAHA Cliffhanger! I am sorry but if I wouldn't have ended it here, it would have certainly took another week before I could have posted it and I really didn't wanted that to happen.
Steve and Mrs. Rogers exchanged some concerned looks, that I couldn’t quiet understand but ignored for the most part and after I finished breakfast I got ready in record time. As usual Steve already had his stuff put together and was waiting for me in the entrance hall, when I came stumbling down the stairs trying to shove the last of my books in my school bag.
I’ll make it okay
Then I slipped and fell.
Peters heart beat fast in his chest. His palms where sweaty and his lungs felt like they were trying to squeeze every breath out of his body.
"Its not you, Dad", Peter interrupted. "Its Steve."
Or via Instagram: natalie_peracha.
“Fuck! It’s half past one am Peter, you need to go to school tomorrow!” Dad yelled shocked after he looked at the time.
It was Friday after school now, I was at home in my workshop, fiddling with some wires for my new robot I would call “Butterfingers”, so that “You” and “Dum-E” would have another friend, while I was in school.
After I made myself ready, I went down into the kitchen, for Mrs. Rogers always made sure that her boys had eaten something before starting the day.
Tony made a step backwards and nodded.
“No need to thank me, sweety.” She smiled back at me and then turned around to the kitchen counter to prepare Steve’s breakfast. Shortly after that Steve came into the kitchen, already ready for the day and greeted us all with a happy “good morning”.
"Wade!" Peter exclaimed.
Wait what?
“Nothing, its fine”, I said.
So Peter told Steve and it didn't went as Tony thought.
"Is everything okay? Are you alright?" The anxious voice of Mrs. Rogers came from the door. "Tony are you okay?"
Peter knew that his Dad missed Steve. Sometimes Peter thought he missed Steve even more than Steve actually missed him but that thought Peter quickly pushed aside. The problem was, Papa would come to him when Papa couldn’t sleep at night, Dad would never come to him and it always made Peter worry when his Dad wouldn’t sleep for days. He made it to his mission to, every time he could, help him sleep and he knew for sure, that his Dad always could sleep better, when someone slept with him in his huge bed. So Peter searched for his Dad and finding him in the kitchen covered with motor oil and grease, just making himself something to drink he said: “Dad, I can’t sleep.”
I started searching for something knew and I found dad’s alcohol. I drank. Dad didn’t miss the bottles anyway, he was to out of his mind on most days and he had enough
“Oh-oh!” Peter said before he rolled sideways making Angel flew past him and hitting the wall.
Hanging up with my bots in the workshop was anyways what I rather enjoyed. I could be myself there, hide in my thoughts, in my own world and never come back. But eventually I had to, either I have to go to school or my father made sure to remind me again what a failure I am.
Steve huffed.
"Sorry" was all it said.
“What?” I asked muffled because of my arms covering my mouth.
I didn’t knew where to go, my phone was at home with my shoes and slowly the adrenalin washed away and the pain started to creep back into my body.
It seemed like it because Rhodey, Pepper and now even Coulson were behaving like they were used to this.
When we all sat down next to him in the cafeteria he just stood up and left.
He smelled like coffee and something different, something that I couldn’t quite match, something Tony like.
He looked over the bed frame down to me and I huffed at the amusement in his eyes.
Hand in hand we walked out of the house and made our way to school. It was a sunny morning. And the warm light felt good on my skin. It felt like summer and ice cream and love. It was awesome.
"Hey I think Mr. Forge smiled. Do you think he smiled? I think I finally made him smile" Wade grinned smugly.
I didn’t fit in there. I knew that too and I accepted it.
Steve shook his head. “Oh, okay then...” I nodded, blushing furiously at how much I miscalculated the situation.
Fuck! Now Steve saw my scars, maybe he doesn’t know they are from my father. It easily could have been some stupid dorks from our school or I could have been hit by a car or something! Well, I think being hit by a car is much worse than what I have but still…
Rhodey nodded and they both left the table.
Wade looked over to him, smiling encouragingly. Despite his crazy and sometimes weird nature, he knew exactly when he had to be serious and supporting. Peter smiled at Wade thankfully.
“Of course I want to show it, it’s awesome!”
"I bet this is what you look like when you are an adult", Steve laughed and pointed at the actor on the small TV.
Still, Tony stayed quiet and then suddenly stood up and went out of the room.
"I know, Dad." Peter mumbled, not wanting to have the discussion again.
“Tony!” His voice got darker now. “Where is he?”
Peter grinned.
Steve turned around and ran down the stairs.
“Tony, maybe Peter should come back to Bucky and me this week, just so you know… that he can settle down a bit”, Steve suggested, as they all had left the school building.
“I’m fine Cap!” Tony answered.
Wade startled, realising just now, that he stopped in his tracks and watched Peter intently.
The day at school started peacefully enough.
"Your are not worth it, Tony." He heard his father say. "You will never be worthy. Someone like Captain America would just laugh at you."
Hey guys, sorry it took so long to update but I really don't know how to continue this story. If anyone has ideas please write it in the comments, I would be happy to read them or if someone has an idea for a new story. And a huge thanks to all the readers that still stick to the story even though I take so long with the updates. ;)
He washed his face and put some training clothes on, before he silently left the small apartment and breathed in the cold, fresh morning air. Steve jogged his usual round in the morning, lapping Sam three times before he went back to his apartment.
Tony was like fire, his brown eyes were sharp. There was an intelligence behind them, that no one but him could grasp, but they were also warm. When he was excited, there was a spark in them, making them look golden.
“You asshole!” Peter laughed and then they kissed each other.
“Wha…Why?” I asked bewildered.
Comments and Kudos will be appreciated. Love you my readers! <3
I was halfway through the window, when Howard managed to grab my leg.
Ah, so that’s why Dad started to cook on his own now, Peter thought.
"Maybe we have to", She whispered.
"Its because I know you would never do that and just like to be a disgusting to rile me up."  Wade smiled.
"No but I think it would be extremely cool to build rockets on it", I argued.
Silence.
Natasha has stopped playing with her knives and Pepper froze in the middle of uncapping her Pepperspray again.
For a moment Tony could do nothing but sink into Steves warm hug, not thinking about what just happened, what he is forced to do now in order to save Steve and his mother, what his father would do to him... A chill ran down Tonys body and he pushed his body more strongly into Steves hug, as if he would try to melt into Steve, becoming one with him and never letting go.
Maybe I did.
In the end they were ten minutes late, but because their first lesson was history with the most boring teacher in the whole universe it wasn't that much of a problem. Actually the teacher always focused so hard on his lecture that he wouldn't even know when anyone came into his class late.
He really was warm, I like warm people, they make a change to my cold metal bots.
“ ‘Course, here”, I shoved my notebook and a pencil towards him and he took what he needed gratefully.
I looked at her questionably, shocked at her outburst when she met my gaze and promptly apologized.
“What is it, Rhodey, you called me?” And there was Mrs. Rhodes.
“I don’t know. What do you want with him?” Now mum had fear in her voice.
He slapped mum again.
“Oh Bucky, I am so sorry!” He sobbed and threw his arms around Bucky, hugging him tightly and hiding his head in his boyfriends neck.
"I want Wade to come with us Papa, I need to tell you something and Wade has to be there too" Peter said with a determined voice.
“Morning Steve!” Bucky mumbled from the kitchen.
Dad sighed loudly. “I knew I made a mistake letting you stay up for so long. Damn, Steve is going to kill me, if he ever finds out.”
With my friends close behind me and my tray in my hands, I walked over to him.
Steve looked confusedly at his mother but did as he was told.
“I don’t want to hear your stupid excuses Tony! Damn it! I don’t want to hear it. Every time we go out there fighting, I am always afraid about you because you don’t listen! Fury already wanted to bench you! I overtalked him into not doing this but Tony, you are making it so difficult for me!” Peter could see the red face off his Papa, how his voice always hitched a little bit. He knew he was crying.
Not looking completely happy with how his confession turned out, Peter nodded.
Peters breath stuttered as he saw Steve standing on the parking lot, waiting for them patiently.
“Because he loves you too”, Bruce helped me.
I felt Bruce tense up next to me and saw Rhodey and Pepper exchange concerned looks.
house as the table leg scratched over the floor.
"Ouch. That hurt" Wade pouted.
“If you need money, you could have just asked me, I have enough! Does the hospital need some charities?” I asked and looked back at Mrs. Rogers.
I watched the red liquid drip from the cut, watched it forming a puddle on the white floor. It was a nice color play and for a long time it was the only thing that kept me going. To know that I have control over me, that I can put marks on myself, that I cant watch the colors mix on the floor and then I exaggerated it. Suddenly the pool of blood became big and my vision blurry and then there was nothing.
Because of the lack of shoes my feet got colder and colder and my fingers were white.
"Steve whats wrong? What happened?" She asked worried as she saw him running with a jacket in hand towards the door.
“You did not, now fuck off or I will shoot your asses with his weapons” She huffed and disappeared in the kitchen.
Steve frowned, but bevor he could ask me more, I said: “We should go now, or we really will be late!”
Maybe it was just the light?
Otherwise please comment, I really love your comments and kudos.
"No!", Tony screamed, jumping from his bed, frantically looking around. "No", he whispered.
“Gosh Tony! We don’t need money, we just… we want to help you, okay? We like you and we care about you and that’s not, because we want something from you. We really just want to help you, because of you, because of you just being Tony”, Steve said.
"He should not be able to get in now", she said after trying the lock for the hundredth time. "We are safe."
“I would never do this” he exaggerated with a high-pitched voice.
This earned him a harsh slap from Natasha and a death glare from Pepper.
He felt Steve’s gaze on his back, as he drove quickly down the street. The motor of his car howling loudly and calming him down a bit. Good old Technology, never lets him down.
Slowly but surely his eyes focused again and he stopped looking at the closed door like frightened deer but focused his gaze on Steve.
“He? You mean Tony? But… I was….”, I started to argue, but was interrupted by Bucky again.
But I missed Steve’s laughter and his warms.
Immediately Peter broke away from Wade, blushing furiously.
"Are you okay? Do you want to go back to sleep?" Steve asked me worriedly.
I closed my eyes, wishing I could rest peacefully and not think about this. Steve would never be interested in such a broken, stupid guy like me and it will hurt less if I don't even start in getting my hopes up. It was difficult when every time Steve looked at me, he had so much love and warmness in his eyes I could choke on it.
“I will meet Sam and Nat later, we are going to train for the mission next week, you?” Bucky answered, drinking some of his coffee.
"Stupid Tony, stupid, stupid, stupid", I cursed myself silently and then truly tried to sleep.
Everything hurt, but where should I go?
"I had no such intention", Jarvis defended himself.
Steve avoided Tony’s eyes and Tony couldn’t help it but feel a little “pang” inside his chest, every time Steve turned his head when Tony looked up at him.
“Maybe they just don’t want us to know their secret identities”, Tony explained. “They are young, they both probably still go to school, now think how shit would hit the fan when they parents find out. Maybe they are afraid of that.”
“Well, we weren’t really nice to him and we actually didn’t even have a reason to be so mean to him. Pepper just made us realize that we might have misjudged him and we want to make it right.”
They had argued a lot in those times. Mostly it was because Tony had been reckless again, sometimes because Tony had worked with Peter on stuff in his workshop that was too dangerous for Peter and sometimes because he wouldn’t help in the household and would give Peter the wrong example.
She hurriedly walked over and kneeled next to me.
"Peter. I have to find Peter", Tony mumbled. Stumbling through his room.
“O-of course, just let me uh…” He put his glass aside and then walked over to Peter, “Just wait in my bed, I will just make myself ready and then I will come. Try to sleep, okay?”
Footsteps echoed loudly in the hall, my heart beat faster, adrenalin rushed through me.
After they finished in the bathroom and came downstairs to eat breakfast, they were greeted by a red faced Tony, who forced them to eat his oatmeal because "I assure you it was hard work to make this damn breakfast and you gonna eat it an appreciate it" Tony huffed and then they grabbed their bags from upstairs and climbed onto their car seats.
"I love you too, Steve". Tony whispered.
Chapter 2
“Indeed, I agree with lady Natasha! We didn’t have the right to behave the way we did towards Anthony and I want to apologize by showing him my kindness!”, exclaimed Thor and smiled brightly.
I nodded. "Okay. Can I... can I sleep with you... In your bed I mean?" With hopeful eyes I looked up at Steve who smiled a sad, small smile and then nodded.
"Thanks Wade." Peter said and then he stopped.
The Doombots as annoying as there were came in a never ending flow, destroying everything that would get in their past, besides the Avengers because obviously, they were much stronger than them.
“Why what is wrong?” Bucky sounded worried as he settled himself down next to Steve, watching the tears slowly running down his cheek.
She smirked.
„Oh jesus!“, Tony exclaimed after seeing that it was already 3 in the morning.
“Just love your bed, Dad” Peter mumbled, eyes already half closed.
Steve was silent.
I am a real author now too. :) So if you like my work and are german, cause my work is only available in german right now, please don't be shy to write me.
Although Peter thought his dad cool and loved to work with him in the workshop, the equipments wasn’t too dangerous for him and Peter always loved to do the dishes with his dad because they mostly end in a foam fight or something. But obviously Peter was too young to judge about that at least it is what his Papa, Steve, always says, when he tries to defend his dad.
"Steve, I am sor-" I started to apologize but was interrupted by Steve: "Don't you dare apologize for that!" And then he leaned forward, taking my wrists and pulling me towards him. He kissed me again. At first I was too shocked to do anything but let him doing it but then I closed my eyes and started to kiss back. I was lulled into a cover of honey and sandal wood. Steve was warm and his lips were as soft as I always imagined they would be. First I hesitated a bit, nipping on Steve's soft lips, tasting him, trying to remember every second of it. Then I wound my arms around him, pressing him to my chest so we would be closer. Steve wrapped one arm over my head to keep me locked to his lips the other one pressing my upper body against his.
Steve will probably never speak to you again you idiot. So much for a good day.
"Well yes, he is Iron Man" Peter commented.
“I am a bad boyfriend and a bad best friend! I feel like I am using you and I can’t do it anymore”, he sobbed.
Still, Black Widow and Thor were to later, when they finally arrived at the scene, Iron Man had already blew up the whole dimension portal that sent the Doombots on their way.
Besides that, I caught myself thinking about him far too often. His nice smell and those warm brown eyes that sparkled with excitement every time he talked about something he loved!
I humpfed but didn't argue further because I knew it was true what he said.
Steve held a hand out for me and I took it gratefully as he helped me to stand up.
"Hi Sweety, how was your day?" Steve asked, hugging Peter and giving him a kiss on his head.
“Sooo”, I tried again, “What are you doing after school to…”
“Okay you little love birds, I am going to clean up the mess in the kitchen. I wish you both a wonderful day.” She smiled at us and practically fled into the kitchen.
“You little shit! You destroyed everything! You are worthless and pathetic! No one loves you, know one likes you! You are nothing but a punching bag for me!” He screamed while he kicked me, then he hauled me up, took the hood of my sweater and ripped it over my head.
It was again 1 am when they made their way back home and went to bed.
The belt slammed again and again, till I slumped down and then and then it still didn’t stop.
Warnings: Mentions of self harm, alcoholism, graphic description of child abuse! So a lot of Tony angst. Anyone who can't read this, please don't, I don't want to trigger anything!
“What is it Steve? You called me three times today, if this is another call about how your friends annoy you with their assumptions that you are I  love with Tony Stark, what you totally are by the way, I am going to force you to massage my feet this evening”, My mom warned me and I needed to close my eyes and take a deep breath before I could say: “Mom, its Tony. He is here and he needs help and Mrs. Rhodes told me I should call you.”
Peter smiled with his red and tear streaked cheeks.
“But, why…?”
“Can you believe this?!”
No one noticed. Of course not.
"Damn it!", he cursed. "How do you prepare this stuff. Its awful."
"I love you Tony", Steve whispered.
“I assume, this didn’t go as well as we expected”, Thor exclaimed.
“Should we help her?” I asked Steve unsure.
“Yeah, couldn’t disappoint you, could I?”
“No! Tony it’s not fine! Nothing is fine! Howard is not in the right and we have to put a stop to it”, Mrs. Rogers answered and pushed back to look into my eyes.
"Mr. Rogers.." Wade started.
“True.” Peter said.
She had a shocked look on her face and I recoiled, because, what did I do wrong now?
Silence.
When it stopped I didn’t recognized it and just lay there, breathing deeply, trying desperately to not sob, so dad wouldn’t get any more angry.
Peter laughed putting himself in the same position as his boyfriends and asking: “And what would that be?”
Wade shrugged with his shoulders. “I don’t know, just for fun.”
Steve looked up at Bucky.
“Tony, sometimes I don’t think you realize how important it is for children that they have their distance between the problems of their parents, okay? It’s getting on their psyche.” Steve explained hardly.
I watched them go over to Tony, who slowly raised his head when they came into his view. It somehow looked… painful.
I didn't knew if Steve did this on purpose but we just said, Captain America and Iron Man have the same personality as we both and then he said, he would ship them, like, what the fuck even? It was probably nothing Tony, don't interpret so much into it, it will just get your stupid hopes up and we all know that is bad. Steve probably didn't even recognize it.
“I’m going to check on Tony and explain him a little bit of your situation. You coming with me Rhodes?”, Pepper announced.
“Peter got into a fight.” He answered.
But other than that, he ignored us and basically pretended like we didn’t even exist.
“Granny!” Wade screamed horrified as thy both scrambled away from each other.
“No problem.”
Peter laughed loudly.
Again sorry it took so long, but I am happy I finished this chapter now! I post it as a christmas gift!
“Hey, could you please not?” Peter huffed and crossed his arms over his chest.
“I still hate history”, Peter grumbled around his food.
“Yes. That’s because people can be really ignorant when it comes to him,” Pepper snapped.
The rest of the day went along as uneventful as the morning. I blushed furiously when Steve wanted me to sit on his lap when we were eating in the cafeteria, while the others laughed loudly. It was not something I was used to, being shown affection, but it was awesome. I loved it. The others laughed not about me, but with me and I just enjoyed everyone’s company it was good, life was good.
“Aye, I agree with my Shield brothers on this matter”, Thor boomed loudly.
"If Steve forces us apart, maybe then I can get into your daddys pants", Wade smirked and winked at Peter.
"What?" Wade asked curiously.
So sorry but here it is now! ;)
Certainly not over me.
It was four pm as Steve and Bucky finally made it to the school of Peter. Tony was already waiting in front of the director’s room. Next him sat an old woman with white, curly hair, Steve recognized as Mrs. Wilson. In front of them sat Wade and Peter looking ashamed on their shoes. At least they felt ashamed.
“You are free to go.” Fury ordered and went out of the room, followed by Hill.
They both didn’t know that Tony came up from his workshop and hearing the moans if his son and his best friend quickly darted back down in his workshop.
"This bastard!"
And when you are not german you can write me anyways because I love talking to people and I am lonely. :)
“Why are you reading that anyways? This is bullshit” The brown haired boy threw the comic book through the room putting himself in a sideway position smirking at Peter and wiggling his eyebrows. “You could do much better stuff with your time.”
Considering if he should still send Mrs. Wilson a message that Wade would sleep over he put out his phone and thinking for a while hit send.
"Jesus, you scared me!", Tony yelled at Wade who stood there still laughing about what Jarvis just said.
"Mr. Wilson, please get out of the car" Steve said in a dark voice.
I barely could hold my eyes open.
Wade was a good boyfriend. Although he talks shit nonstop he does know when to just be silent and comfort Peter.
“Wait here!” Dad ordered and now I realized the beating had stopped.
“I can drive you to school if you want”, Tony offered, already standing ready to go at the door with the car keys in his hand.
“What?” Tony asked taken aback.
Tony, who was still trying to catch his breath, made himself tall in front of our teacher, shrugged and responded with a smirk
Mrs. Rogers had tears in her eyes and grabbed me again to push me against her. She slung her arms around my neck and hugged me.
“What? I meant about my parents”, Peter groaned.
I didn’t see him again until lunchtime.
"Wade, why are you watching me like that, thats creepy" Peter laughed.
“Wait,” Clint interrupted her, “What boobs?”
Or via Instagram: natalie_peracha.
Love ya ;*
“You asshole, get off me”, she hissed, shoving Norman from herself and standing up again. Her view zeroed in on Peter as she took a run-up towards him.
His mother nodded.
Sometimes he could hear his Papa crying at night, sometimes he cried too, in those times they both would comfort each other but it hurt him that he wasn’t able to do the same thing with his Dad too.
“What? I just don’t like broccoli man, I really don’t like it,” he answered to Peppers critical expression.
Steve sobbed. He sobbed and cried and cried and cried until his voice was hoarse and he hadn't enough tears left in him. Only then, his mother let him go and talked to him.
“Thought so”, Tony mumbled and pushed past Steve.
"What!" Tonys head shot up and he pulled away from Steve. "No! The police is on his side. He will just pay them and then they will go away and it will be more terrible for us all in the end!"
"Did they do that in the past?", Mrs. Rogers asked.
“Coming!” He screamed back.
I laughed at that.
“Peter, you don’t understand. Some conversations have to be discussed between Tony and me, okay. Don’t throw yourself into things you are too young for”, Steve explained carefully.
Tony slumped down next to me.
Mrs. Rogers smiled at him. I groaned loudly.
“Your father is Tony Stark!” Mrs. Wilson pointed out with her scratchy, old voice.
"Did they?" She pushed.
"I may have a plan, but... I am not sure if its a good one. Its dangerous and if there would be a different option than I would never consider something like that but in this case I think we don't have a choice."
"Please Tony, say something", Steve pleaded.
I should have know that everything would start to fall apart at some point, but... I hoped. That’s the problem. I started hoping and a Stark men should never hope. Especially not me.
I see your pain
Woooo! Another chapter.
My eyes felt heavy, but the lights were on, so Rhodey was home, that was good. It looked warm in there and it was so cold outside.
"Tony, everything is alright. Your father is gone and we will make sure that he won't be able to come here again so soon. Don't worry." Mrs. Rogers came up to him. She smiled and stroked his hair, trying to calm him down.
Tony didn’t show up for the whole next week and then half of the week after.
“You whore!” He screamed and slapped her across the face.
The first thing I realized when I woke up was, that I wasn’t lying in my bed and that I hurt all over.
Only after Mrs. Rhodes screamed at me, I finally fell out of my trance and looked at her.
"But Tony", Steve tried.
“Uhm, sure, why not” Peter answered.
Wade nuzzled at Peters neck.
Really, really awkward, but we just didn’t know how to act around him.
“Well, lets just watch a movie”, Bruce started, when we heard the doorbell rang.
„Yeah yeah Jarvis, I will“, Tony mumbled and slowly made his walk over to his bedroom, falling asleep before his head hit the pillow.
“I know, but what should we do?” Peter threw his arms up, desperately searching for a solution.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter quickly made his way to the bathroom, put some fresh clothes on, washed his face and then ran down the stairs towards the kitchen were his Dad stood at the stove with his cooking head, silently cursing under his breath.
Wade laughed. “Sure thing asshat, I actually thought it already was clear that I would meet you after school.”
He threw the sweater away, grabbed my hair and slammed me against the kitchen counter.
"No you are not. Only when we take your toys away!" Steve laughed.
"Jarvis!", Tony exclaimed.
You can say what you want but this trying to intimidate other things Fury is nearly as good as Natasha in it.
It was six am when Steve woke up in his small bed, next to Bucky.
Tonys face darkened. "Yeah I think we need too."
"Tony!" Steve yelled through the house.
For just a short time, the only thing I could here was my mom’s breath in the phone, before she answered: “On my way”, and hang up.
My smile fell and I rolled my eyes.
Tired from the day already, I walked into the cafeteria halls and searched for my friends.
Peter moaned loudly when Wade sucked harshly at his neck. Then he was lifted and put down on the sink, while Wade put the hand that didn't hold Peter in place into his pajama pants.
“You can’t really expect him to become your best friend just because you were nice to him for five minutes when you mostly ignored him the past years”, Pepper laughed at me and I pouted.
“What’s up Tones?”, Rhodey smiled at him and the others greeted him as well. Pepper hugged him and sat down on his other side.
After leaving his workshop Tony jogged up the stairs taking a beeline to his sons room and then, remembering what he heard the last time standing in front of Peters room, he stopped and listened. Soft snoring sounds could be heard. Tony let out a breath he didn‘t knew he held and carefully pushed the door open. The first thing he saw where clothes thrown everywhere, making him shudder and then his eyes fell on the bed, where both Wade and Peter slept peacefully in each others arms. Wade, the one who emitted the soft snores had his arms wound around Peters body, pulling him to his chest. Peter looked peaceful and happy. Tonys chest warmed at the loving display of those two and he carefully closed the door behind him, choosing to let them rest, although he promised Mrs. Wilson to send Wade home come evening.
It felt goo everytime I did it, so everyday after school or after my father beat me up again I let my anger go and made a long, neatly cut on my arm.
Clint and Natasha were placed in front of me. Clint like always couldn’t hold back his stupid comments and was now rubbing his sore cheek, while Natasha was being her usual scary self, who seemed completely unfazed by the whole situation.
“I hate you!”
‘I see your monsters
Tony was smaller than I was and his muscles were lean, so in contrast to me, he looked much more fragile and I really just wanted to wrap him in a blanket and protect him with all I have.
A smile crept over my face, while I remembered strong hands, warm hugs and a deep voice, that made my heart flutter and my stomach twist.
After the whole divorce process was over an agreement was made: Every second week Peter would stay with his Dad in the mansion, the other time he would stay with his Papa in the small apartment.
Steve scrambled on his feet.
"Ugh" Peter groaned as the last lesson was finished for the day. "I think I never had such a boring day in my live."
It made me wonder, because Tony was one of the loudest, snarkiest people I knew.
Tony flooded the Skaterpark with the light of his car as Peter showed Wade his new hoverboard and Wade made it to his mission to try and throw Peter off of it.
“Just for the record”, Pepper added, “You were being an asshole, but Tony can be an asshole too, if he wants to, so it’s really not that bad.”
I bit my lips as hard as I could to not scream. My body shook, there was nothing but pain.
Steve sighed as he stood up and went into the bathroom. Another night full of nightmares and guilt, Steve thought.
Rhodey growled.
"You could join us Mr. Forge" Wade smirked.
“I was with this friend of mine on the weekend and you know, we have been friends for like ten years, but there was never something going on between us. So we went to his house and watched a movie, nothing special, but then all of a sudden he just honked my boob! HONKED!” Pepper shrieked, completely outraged.
In the end, they tested it in the garden. Dad nearly flew into the bushes and Peter fell off of it into the pool. When they both had made sure the hoverboard was safe, they painted it in Peter’s favorite colors, red and blue and because it was already nine pm when they both finished and it actually was too late for Peter to meet Wade at the skaterpark now, but Peter’s puppy dog eyes were just too cute to ignore, Tony and Peter made the agreement that Tony would accompany them.
Jane just rolled her eyes at her boyfriend and placed herself near Natasha and Pepper, whereas Thor threw himself at me.
"Tony? Tony!", Steve yelled shaking him strongly.
Unfortunately it had been there differences, driving them apart.
Wade shared a look with Peter. Peters eyes where fearful. His heart squeezed tightly in his chest when he had to see Peter this fearful.
Yeay everybody say hello to the second chapter! I am sorry it took so long but school started again and I hadn't time and besides that I had a headache that nearly killed me!
“Could you please not?” Wade imitated him with a squeaky voice.
No, of course not… how should others see my thoughts! Keep it together Rogers!
Did I just never notice it?
She took a deep breath.
For a while I let my thoughts flow and my dreams warm me from the inside and then I heard a key turning in the front door and a coldness ran down my spine like ice needles prickling into my skin.
“What is wrong with you?!” Steve yelled and Peter couldn’t help but wince.
Oh no, Peter thought.
He dragged himself to an empty table, placed his tray in front of him and actually looked quiet sad, what made me start to regret my words.
"Yeah but today was the worst" Peter commented.
He should have known. Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!
They rubbed themselves against each other, moaning and kissing. Peter’s hand slipped under Wade’s shirt stroking over his scars and muscled chest while Wade wandered down with his head, pulling Peter’s shirt up and giving small kisses to his strong, muscled stomach.
"Peter. You know, Steve and I have nothing against you being gay. You know that don't you?", Tony tried to calm Peter.
When I opened the bathroom door and stepped out, I heard Rhodey and his mom yelling, but it wasn’t the “argue” yelling, it was the kind of “I am afraid and don’t know what to do” sort of yelling.
My stomach growled, so I forced myself to stand up and move into the kitchen, after I shut the music down.
Tony looked ashamed on the ground. “1 am”, he mumbled.
Steve’s face fell and great, now he looked like I kicked his puppy.
“Oh God”, Mrs. Rhodes gasped and I had to look really ugly when the where both so shocked.
“Come, I have something for you okay?” Tony dragged him forward to his working table, showing him the hoverboard. “It’s finished, and I though we could try it and when it functions, we could paint it in the colors you like.”
I am a real author now too. :) So if you like my work and are german, cause my work is only available in german right now, please don't be shy to write me.
“You don’t taste bad either” Peter answered, breathing fast.
Peter nodded. “Bye Dad, see you later.”
I sighed and put the wires aside.
I stumbled back into the kitchen.
Peter shrugged with his shoulders. “Can I sleep with you?”
Steve had cried again, Tony had cried again and Peter had cried, clutching Tony’s hand desperately. He loved his Dad, he didn’t want to leave him.
Peters moans increased in their frequency and Wade new he was near, so he sucked harder on his neck and started to stroke faster and harder until Peter came in his pants.
“Okay, stop! Seriously, what is wrong with all of you? Can’t a guy just eat his damn meal without stupid people like you trying to bother him?!”, Tony interrupted me.
"Ah yeah and then you go to school and you are both going to be a couple and love each other, because no one ever can force anything an you, Peter. Not some random teacher, not Mrs. Wilson, not me and not Steve. Its your decision what you are going to do with your live and when you love Wade then you do it. Got it?"
Bucky made eggs and bacon, some pancakes and coffee and he was just cutting some fruit when Steve came up to him.
It got extremely long. longer than i wanted it, but well...
Mr. Harrison looked at Tony with a disapproving glare.
I’ll stand there so brave
"Because, Jarvis, Steve said that Mangos are the best fruits that exist and that Peter should eat one a day, because otherwise his immune system could suffer", Tony huffed.
Tell me your problems
„Good morning, you two“, Tony greeted Peter and Wade when they stumbled into the kitchen the next morning.
“What is it?”, I asked grinning.
And its not beta read... I don't have a beta reader but if you want to than you are welcome to write me, I would appreciate the help. :)
The whipped cream on top of it got stuck on my nose and I nearly choked myself on one of the marshmallows but it was the best drink I ever had and after I put it back on the table I smiled at Steve, who laughed at me and then smiled back.
“I don’t trust his father.”
"No! I won't allow you to two to be hurt by my father!" Tony chimed in.
He greeted us with a smile and a ‘good morning’ to everyone, which we returned and then he started his lesson.
Hope you like it. :)
I swallowed loudly before I answered.
“Why? What is wrong, why can’t you sleep?” He asked.
“You smell good”, I complimented him and then looked away, shocked about my own words, because damn, what the hell is wrong with me?
Tony just slipped under the covers when Steve finally came to his bedroom after he finished getting ready for sleep. He didn't look happy but tried a smile for Tony sake. Tonys heart squeezed. He shouldn't need to do all that for Tony. It was horrible.
“Hey, I wasn’t finished yet!”
Leave Kudos and Comments if you like my work. ;D
“He is not too small to understand Steve. He is not five years anymore, okay? He is nearly an adult and he does understand”, Tony said to Steve.
“Hey Ken, what’s up?”
"Bye, Mr. Stark. See ya" Wade added.
I just sighed and rolled my eyes. Typical Stark.
"Peter? Whats wrong?", Tony asked concerned now.
The room was silent at first and I thought I said something wrong, but when I peeked under my arm, I saw all of them smiling manically at me.
Peter nodded. “You are right. Uhm… do you want to come to me after school, maybe we could tell Dad and … you know, I really don’t want to do that alone.”
He felt the stare of Bucky on his back and swallowed again, trying to get his mind back in the here and now.
Peter’s breath hitched as Wade’s hand rubbed over his cock, as he slowly crept closer and with his other hand grabbing Peter’s neck to pull him into a kiss.
"Lol, probably!" Steve laughed.
Everyone was stunned for a moment, before Natasha finally got up, putting her knives in her belt saying: "Okay, who wants to let Tonys Dad pay for what he did to him?"
It went on like this for weeks.
“Hi sweetie!”
“I knew that, but why? Tony, what have you done again?” Steve asked him angrily.
Peter looked into Wades eyes with a determined expression on his face and Wade couldn't even react, when Peter said: "I love you Wade and whatever Steve has to say about that, I don't want and I never will give you up. I love you and I mean it."
“Okay, Tony, you are still going to stay with us, before we made an agreement. For now, you are just not going back, until your wounds are healed and even when they are healed, you can always still stay with us! But for now, I made some hot cocoa, come”, She dragged me out of the room and into the living room.
“He is not going to forgive me, Bucky. He doesn’t love me anymore”, Steve whispered not meeting Bucky’s eyes.
“Mr. Stark I really need to ask you to leave now, or I will call the police.” Mrs. Rogers said in a hard tone.
Rhodeys face was dark and furious and Bruce had a wild, angsty look in his eyes.
Tears streamed down Steves cheeks.
My hair was greasy and I was covered in oil, so I showered first and changed into comfortable black shorts and an oversized black sweater before I went into the kitchen and made me a sandwich.
"He will kill you if I don't do what he says", Tony sobbed, trying to pull away from Steve again. Steve wouldn't let him.
Tony had stayed in the mansion outside from Manhattan.
"Wha..." I frantically scrambled backwards and then hit the floor with a loud "THUMB" as I fell off of the bed.
Steve stopped abruptly as I pressed my lips against his. It was fierce but short and when I pulled back I looked up into Steve's shocked face as I myself needed time to realize what the fuck I just did.
Howard pulled at my leg. I scratched my stomach over the window, my hands clutched desperately on the wall outside and when he nearly managed to pull me in again, I finally kicked him as hard in his face as I could.
“I mean, at least you are smart. I am like the dumbest dumbass of all dumbasses”, Wade rolled with his eyes.
Steve looked up at him. “I am sorry Bucky.”
"Mum!" He screamed. "Mum!"
He moaned loudly already feeling painfully hard.
“I know I behaved like an asshole and I am sorry, but Tony, I like you as soon as I realized what an idiot I was, I tried to be better and…and I really like you Tony!” He apologized.
Wade giggled, bucking his hips against Peter’s drawing another moan out of him.
"But as long as you don't and actually I am pretty sure you won't because I know you love Peter, nothing is gonna happen to you. I mean I saw your relationship coming long before you even knew your feelings for each other. It was pretty obvious and if I really would have had a problem with that i could have done a lot of things to prevent you two from hanging out with each other. But seriously even if I had a problem with you, Wade, what I don't have and where you are the only one who could change my opinion, then I wouldn't have done anything, because Peter, its your decision and I want you to be happy and if you love someone, I am the last one you need to worry about. Its your life and your future and I will be there to support you and to help you in every situation, but I would never force myself in your life or take decisions from you, that you should make yourself", Tony said.
We still tried our best to be nice to Tony whenever we saw him but he didn’t even look at us anymore and, even though I thought that was just rude, I kept trying anyways.
My breath stuck.
“Don’t talk to me like I am a frightened puppy! I am not weak!” I hissed at him, instead of giving in to my urge to kiss him.
"I love you Peter." There was a short pause and then Tony added: "I'll have your back."
“Okay, could you stop that please, because you’re acting a bit weird and not like you usually do so this makes me really uncomfortable”, he grumbled.
He had this kind of bed head everyday, as if he just woke up, his brown hair sticking up in every direction, making him look adorable.
Hope you liked it!
“Tony!” Pepper exclaimed and came rushing to me. Not even a second after that I had a handful of Pepper in me, that nearly knocked me over.
Stark men are made of iron!
Chapter I
“That was everything?” Tony threw his arms up.
For a while everything was normal, except for Tony, who was oddly silent today, which even earned him a few concerned looks from Coulson, who was practically inviting him to make his jokes.
For the rest of the evening we played card games, ate cookies and drank one hot chocolate after another. We laughed and mocked around and when this is what family actually is like… well, I totally ignored the longing in my chest, that wanted to have this every day. For now, I was happy and content and maybe, just maybe Steve really liked me! Maybe, we could even be more than fri
“Yeah man, you’ve had a crush on her since junior class,” Rhodey butted in.
Pepper and Rhodey rolled their eyes at our attempt to get a conversation going with him and Bruce was desperately trying to hide his smirk.
I groaned.
However, when I finally went to bed that night, I stayed awake for a long time, just staring at the ceiling and thought about everything I learned about Tony that day and when I laid there like that, moon shining through the window and soft blankets wrapped around my body, I thought that maybe, maybe Tony held a little bit more to him than I first thought.
They both had black smoke smeared all over their body, together with tomato sauce and dough.
Wade looked at him with an obviously extra overreacted shock expression.
“Fuck!” Peter moaned loudly.
I jumped, when I felt someone’s hand, most likely Steve’s, on my elbow and than looked up at him with wide, fearful eyes.
It was cool to do more things with Pepper and Rhodey and it was funny to teach Clint math or Thor physics and it was cool to talk science with Bruce and Jane. At least they understood a little bit. It was cool to eat Pizza with Steve or to talk to Natasha, even thought I still find her scary and I didn’t drink so much anymore, because I had friends now and could do something with them to take my mind off. My father was gone too, at least for two months, because of a business trip.
"Tony!" Someone screamed and I jerked awake widely looking around to make out the source of the voice. It was dark in the room only the soft light of the moon provided some seeing. I could make out the shadows of a cupboard and a desk, a door and a night stand, but otherwise the room was empty.
My father beat me up again, when I got home.
"Hi Papa" Peter greeted Steve solemnly.
Peter raised an eyebrow at him.
The whole thing was buried and never brought up again.
”Okay.” I nodded, still unsure.
"No, she probably has exactly the amount of food you eat and for me an ice berg!" I exaggerated.
I frowned.
“Come back you little rat!”
I know I am not a person someone would love to hang around with, I know I was stupid, a failure, the freak of the Stark family, someone who bring everyone, who tries to get nearer, down with him.
“She is blind, she didn’t even saw us” He waved his hand in a fending gesture.
“Mom’s hot chocolate is the best in the world”, Steve exclaimed and took one cup for himself and the other for me.
“Aww man, that made my erection go down as fast as a whatever goes down fast!” Wade threw his hands up in the air.
“Sure! Let’s go!”, I agreed and stood up.
Mrs. Finch came out of her office shortly after and then the stupid talk began.
“Yes and then I wanted to go to the skaterpark with Wade if this is okay?” he answered hopefully, looking at his Dad.
"Mr. Wilson" Steve nodded in greeting.
Guilt pooled in my gut but what’s said is said and maybe he sees what an asshole I am and ignores me again like he did before.
“Tony! I am so glad you are awake!” Now Steve’s mother stood at the doorway and okay, that seals it, I really was at Steve’s house.
It was warm and wonderful and full of love, I couldn’t but soak it all in and melt against her.
"I... thank you", I whispered as I lay beside Steve.
"You will not like it, Steve", his mother warned.
I whimpered silently as I heard the footsteps stop. Directly. In. Front. Of. My. Door.
So when I could finally go home, I was suspicious but also happy to get away from all this mess, that school was the cause of.
“You know we can’t! Howard is too powerful he just flicks with his fingers and everyone juts “forgets”. But it’s okay, I am used to it”, I explained.
“Jesus! That was embarrassing!”, I groaned and placed my head on the table.
Huh? Is there still someone missing?
No one said anything to it. I didn’t know if it was just because they gave up or they if they just let it drop for now, but I was relieved.
Steve looked startled, then he looked to Wade with a not so happy expression before he turned to Peter.
"He came here last night, demanding from Tony to return home. When Mum and I refused to let Tony go, he told him that if he wouldn't come till this morning, he would regret it."
"Now, would you please tell me, why you would think that I would accept Wade in your life Peter, because I don't know where I went wrong in..."
money to buy new ones.
Smiling brightly I sat down at the kitchen table and waited till my mom set a plate of tacos down in front of me that I happily devoured in record time.
________________________________
Slowly I let the breath out, I didn’t know I was holding, splashed some cold water in my face and turned to open the bathroom door, when the doorbell rang again.
"We will win, Tony. The plan will work out. I promise." Steve smiled sadly but lovingly at Tony.
It was Friday evening and my dad just came home from his business trip.
At least then it wouldn’t be so painful as if he does it, when I got attached to him… more attached to him.
Tony scowled. "Hey. I tell you, I can be really strict too, so don't feel to comfortable around here." Tony warned Wade pointing with the Mango smeared knife at him. Wade still laughed.
“I know, but it’s going to be gone, when you don’t get your stubborn ass into the shower really quick.” Bucky smiled and finished cutting the mango.
Mum flinched but held his gaze.
He sat next to Pepper stabbing his food like it personally insulted him, what probably was the reason why Pepper was staring at him with a raised eyebrow.
"What!" His mum came running down the stairs. Her hair was sticking up in every direction, she was still clad in her pajama and held a toothbrush in one hand. Her eyes were wide from fear and she nearly toppled over, so fast she was going.
“I must agree with my beautiful love,”
I just managed to open the window, when dad came in again.
“Damn it Tony! Why didn’t you wait for your support, you could have died!” Steve sounded angry.
Then, why was Steve speaking to me?
"Lol, lol, lol, lol, lol, lol... Stop it if you want! Lol, lol, lol, lol, lo- humpf!"
I looked up at her, bewildered.
Steve exhaled relived, sharing a concerned look with his mother.
Peter didnt understand. Who would do that? Why would someone do that? Why would Steve do that?
It made Peter shudder.
Fear dropped like a stone into the pit of my stomach and I nearly got sick right here on the floor, when I saw him.
Yep, he definitely was his usual self again, I thought.
Ajax laughed.
“Ugh, I think I have cheese in my underwear.” Dad groaned and Peter couldn’t help himself but laugh. First Tony looked questioningly at Peter but soon joined in the laughing fit.
"What? No, you are not going back to HIM. Don't you dare say something like that Tony, don't you dare. We want you to be here!"
“I do care about you, Tony-“
“Uhm thanks, I guess?”
"Everything will work out in the end, you will see" Wade just said and then they went to their classes.
"What "Uh oh"?" Tony asked.
“Steve?”
He started to talk to Natasha, even though I was fairly sure that he was still mildly scared of her.
Well the thing is, nothing ever stays good when it comes to me. Nothing. Ever.
"Yeah, true. Still a good movie", Steve yawned and rubbed his face into the soft pillow. It was cute.
Steve insisted, saying he would see him soon.
“Oh my god! I am so sorry! I thought I went to Rhodey last evening… I… I can… I” Panicking I looked between Mrs: Rogers and Steve and fuck that was embarrassing.
A real genuine smile and it made my heart stutter.
"We both won't", Mrs. Rogers said from somewhere behind. "I just called the police and told them what just happened..."
Natasha, Clint, Thor and I exchanged helpless looks.
Wade licked Peter’s lips before sliding his tongue inside to make Peter moan. Peter slipped his hand under Wade’s T-shirt, throwing it over his head. Wade did the same and it was only a matter of time, until they both lay there only in their boxers, rubbing themselves against each other.
I gave her a sluggish nod and slumped into her.
“That doesn’t give him the right to hurt you all the time”, Peter grumbled. His eyes were red and puffy. Now that the anger left him, sadness took the place of it. “Oh god, why do I have to cry now!”
Peter moaned when Wades erection pressed onto his own and then slowly Wades lips left Peters, following the line of his jaw and down his neck.
It was the first time since the accident that I saw them again.
Steve sucked in a breath looking from his mother to Tony and back to his mother again.
His one eye was black, his lip split. He didn’t have any shoes on, was soaked through and looked barely conscious.
“I didn’t want that either but he practically ran away from me”, I argued.
But we weren't. Not as long as Tony was there.
What, to be honest, I was grateful for because I was pretty sure I looked like a total creep staring at him, what I also noticed I was doing really often today.
“Fucking?” Wade answered, hopefully.
“Father” I whispered shocked. Steve put himself in front of me and growled at my dad.
You can contact me via tumblr: tonystark604
„Morning“, Peter yawned widely and rubbed his eyes, while Wade still snickered behind him.
My mood got brighter when I realized I had history now, which was, along with art, my favorite class, but then I saw Tony entering the room and remembered that, right, he had history with me too.
“He’s right.”  Natasha shrugged.  “Never have I ever?”
“Bucky, don’t,” Tony murmured, tugging his arm. “I told you he probably wasn’t interested.”
With all of them living together, fucking, and dating, they began to loosen up. Walk around in sweatpants, shirtless, not care as much about looking poised and put together.
From Caitlin - Hm...perhaps when the team get back, they tear into Fury about how the 'team building' exercise could've caused them to end up far worse than they did?
Just as they were passing a black panther suit prototype, one of Shuri’s Kimoyo beads pinged with an incoming message.
“Alright.” The guy continued up the stairs with a confused glance back at them.
okay?”
Of course Clint was the one who suggested the laser tagging. “It’s the best date idea ever! Right next to carnival games.”
“Jarvis,” he said.
“Yep.” Tony backed out of the kitchen without another word.
“Don’t bullshit us, Stevie.” Bucky glared at him. “We know that’s not all you wanna say.”
Oh thank god, the communications were still working.
“Well what happened?” Tony looked around the circle. “What did you guys think would make me happier?”
“Really?” Tony asked, heartbreakingly insecure. “You guys really don’t mind doing this?”
Prompt: I would really love one where Tony is a bamf at like.. business and law and somehow saves them both? Maybe against Ross, the media or something like that? (From @coookiemonsterns on tumblr)
Tony stepped carefully back from the tech and wandered around in circles, peering closely but never touching. He had to be respectful, after all.
“That’s just how rich people are,” Nat informed him. “He accepts and gives out kisses like candy. They pretty much mean nothing.”
Tony knew something was off when he got kidnapped. It was a pretty clear red flag.
“Can I get you some coffee?” Bruce asked gently.
“ … Small,” Steve said weakly.
Finally, all three of them were naked. Tony had a hand around M’baku, who was growling enthusiastically and hardening quickly.
“Oh joy, sound fun!” Tony said brightly.
Steve huffed out a laugh and got it down. “Here you go.” He handed it to Nat. “Some sugar for my sugar.”
“Instead of going to the spa, I think this time we should give each other makeovers and massages.”
“There is no battle here.” Thor boomed.
That last bit had turned sharply into a DMC since they’d all had fairly shitty childhoods, with the exception of Thor.
Tony gaped at them. “What?”
, he thought disgustedly) with a bag over his head. The bag wasn’t the regular rough burlap though, it was something much more breathable and soft. Strange.
. And we know you haven’t been bringing anyone home. You just seem … lonely.”
“But mostly,” Bruce said, fixing them all with a piercing gaze, “we have to come to each other when we need help. All of us have been keeping things inside for far too long. We don’t have to do that anymore. Never did.”
“He thinks we take him out to dinner and fuck him as thank yous for his tech.”
“I’m going to check storage, see if we have any more knives.” Natasha said.
He woke up  tied to a chair (
“But you’re not hurt?” Steve asked. He found the panel. The armour collapsed into the snow, leaving Tony completely exposed.
He felt a little better once his legs were dry, but he was still shivering more violently than ever.
“And how we’re both goddamn near in love with you,” Bucky added softly.
Steve clearly wasn’t supposed to have heard that, but everyone kept forgetting about his enhanced hearing. Before he could stop it, a flame of hope blossomed in his chest. “Interested how?”
Nat waved her hand dismissively. “It’s not about the money, I just think a DIY is better for bonding. No strangers listening in on our conversations, more … contact.”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Guys. I used to make weapons. I’m an inventor. It’s not that hard to figure out how these work.”
“I am surprisingly Very Okay with That,” Tony announced. That was a lie. It was not surprising at all.
Tony could feel M’baku pressing into his entrance and helped him along, driving his body backwards onto the length with enthusiasm. He loved it, being on all fours, filled from both ends.
“We should hang some of the blankets over the window to insulate it.” Bruce said.
No. Let’s not be vague, they were staring at Tony. To be even more specific, they were staring at his complete and utter obliviousness.
Steve was more along the lines of, “That cat has it out for us and if he wasn’t so adorable and Tony didn’t love him so much, I’d punt him into the sun.”
“How long has it been since you slept?”  Bruce asked.
Prompt: I was wondering if you could do a infinity war AU with tony on earth in wakanda for t'challa/tony/m'baku. (Except the combined awesomeness of the three make it to where they kick giant grapes ass). From a Tumblr anon
Surprisingly, Tony felt Steve’s chest rumble with a laugh behind him.  Huh, maybe the captain wasn’t such a tightass after all.
“Why are we awake again?”  Bruce sat up, disentangling himself from Thor and Natasha, rubbing his eyes.
“Sticking?” Tony repeated.
“Because.” M’baku said. That was it, that was his answer.
Natasha was the one who fixed it, naturally. She had to do everything herself, since the other occupants of the tower were imbeciles, the lot of them. It only took nine words.
they liked to do. There was so much discord over what to do for their weekly activity that they made up a rotation schedule so everyone got a say.
Prompt: Poly avengers where they see Tony without his lifts on for the first time and freak out over how smol he is. (From a tumblr anon)
“I swear, if this is some dream hallucination, I’ll kill all of you,” Tony babbled, between kisses from his boyfriends and girlfriend.
“It’s literal team building!” He told Tony, when the man expressed doubt.
And if he woke up gasping, sure that he was dying, someone was there to calm him down and help him get back to sleep.
Obviously Tony’s brain did not short circuit at that point. Because he hadn’t been harboring a teensy tinsy bit of a crush on the archer for about a week- definitely not.
asking to see Shuri’s labs since he’d moved in. It’s not that Shuri had a problem with it, T’challa and M’baku had been the ones with reserves. Who knew what kind of trouble those two would get into up there?
The only one who didn’t have some sort of pattern in his turn was Tony. Tony seemed to rotate his activities to suit at least one member of the team at a time.
The guy with dark hair who was not Tony, stared at them in confusion. “I’m sorry?”
“We have a mission,” she announced. “We must find what Tony likes to do, and pick that as our activity.”
Bruce looked at him in horror. “We are?”
“Noice!” Clint hooted. He and Tony high fived. “Okay I can see Bruce and Thor already stopped by, so I’m going to drag this genius around to get the true shopping experience. Feel free to leave without us.”
“Next time,” he said. “I’m going to see the lab alone. Or with Shuri.”
So they went laser tagging. It was a mess.
Bruce liked volunteering, at hospitals, at shelters, wherever people were having misfortune. It definitely wasn’t anyone’s favorite but it was important. (And it beat meditation. That had been vetoed).
“Can’t you spend the morning with us?” Clint wheedled.
The man grunted in annoyance. “Never mind. I suppose I should let you go.” he signaled to one of his men, who stepped forward and let Tony’s hands free.
He’d gotten over that eventually, though. Now all his terror centered around flying into the portal alone, sure he was going to die, Afganistan, and the team abandoning him.
Bruce’s eyes started to glint. “You’re right. He shouldn’t be in there dressed … like that.”
Hint: It's being hugged (Tumblr user ssironstrange)
Behind him, Tony could see Thor and Clint exiting the quinjet and coming over, Clint looking back apprehensively.
The billionaire shrugged uncomfortably. “I mean … yeah, I thought that was obvious. You can’t just implant something this big into your chest with no problems. Well,” he squinted at his boyfriends, “YOU might be able to. I however, am only human.”
“An Instagram live-feed. Would you like help setting up an account to follow Sir?”
Pepper had already left him when she found out.  First she was mad he wasn’t sleeping, then she was mad he kept accidentally waking her up.
Prompt: Tony and Bucky trapped under a building collapse and Tony doesn't have his suit! Possibly with head wound?
And Tony, he still picked varied activities, depending on the week. But now, every Tony night ended with the whole team crammed onto one couch, cuddling the heck out of each other, just talking.
“He doesn’t know,” Steve confirmed.
Tony huddled reluctantly into Steve. He wasn’t so cool with so much touching from people besides for Pepper and Rhodey.
“I think I’d know if I were in a relationship with the Avengers,” Tony chortled. “Just ignore me, I need a nap.”
Tony responded by swallowing around his boyfriend with a wet gulping noise. His throat was going to hurt like a bitch after, but it’d be worth it.
“Right, right,” Tony muttered. “So no offense, why aren’t you killing me? Also, how’d you even get me?”
“That’s me,” the man said, his face partially obscured by a pillow. He still sounded half asleep.
“And you didn’t think you should include me in that conversation?” Tony asked. “I mean, I get it. I’m not really part of the team, I just make you guys things and let you live here for free.”
“Yes I do.”
T’challa scowled. “Well I came here to find your home deserted, and a white man in your bed. Of course I was worried.”
One of Tony’s eyebrows raised and he looked confused for less than a split second before bursting into guffaws. “Ha! No. I’ve got a live audience here. Via Instagram streaming. Say hi!”
Bucky just sat very still, his face buried in his hands. “He doesn’t realize he’s in a relationship with us,” he said, voice muffled and agonized.
“Oh joy, Thor and Cap shirtless.” Tony muttered. Clint looked a little insulted.
Jim let out a long sigh. “Fine. I’ll tell you. His favorite thing to do is cuddle. But if you bring it up directly you’ll scare him off and I’ll never forgive you. You have to be subtle about it.”
“So, trauma-bonded family for life?” Natasha said finally, breaking the (actually rather comfortable) silence.
“He used to hold the phone the other way, but I like reading the comments,” Tony explained. “So. What’d you come down here for?”
It was real. This was really happening. Steve settled on the couch in between his two new loves, and they immediately draped themselves over him.
Prompt: Sequel to the last fic, small Tony sleep deprived. Too small to reach things. Curled up in a tiny ball on the sofa, covered in a blanket. (requested by ao3 users Kan and Elyador)
“Duh, we’re science bros. We know everything about each other.” Tony wiggled his eyebrows mischievously.
“It was you,” Tony said, before Steve could respond. “And how you’re stubborn, and reckless, and brave.”
“Aww, but Bucky Nat and I would love that,” Clint said with a pout. “Don’t listen to him Tony, you can do whatever you want. It’s your tower.”
He really had to thank Natasha.
Tony somehow managed to hack into their guns in the first round, making him the automatic winner when they weren’t able to shoot him at all.
“Well I’m certainly not complaining,” Tony said. “How’d you manage the kidnapping though?”
“Guards!” M’baku barked.
The king moaned as the genius went all the way down, deepthroating like a champ.
“We were waiting for you to join us yourself,” Tony said softly. “We thought it was obvious.”
Then Steve started inviting the team down to with movies with him. Bruce began using the communal kitchen to make everyone food. They began making plans to spar with each other.
M’baku and T’challa stared at him, open mouthed.
“Sure, Tony.” Steve smiled warmly at him.
“Steve. Tony and I are trapped. He’s unconscious.”
M’baku rolled his eyes. “Obviously that doesn’t apply to Tony.”
“I am not leading him on!” M’baku protested. “I fully mean to follow through with anything I say.”
“Okay, Iron Man, what are we looking at?” Steve’s voice came through his comm.
“But then some of us shall be blanket-less!” Thor protested.
“This is perfect,” he whispered.
So Bucky tuned in whenever Tony did one of his live-stream thingies. And fell a little more in love with him every time he paused his own work to patiently explain to some viewer how to fix their technical problems. He just loved watching Tony ramble without becoming self-conscious, like he tended to do in front of the team.
Clint gave him an absolutely filthy grin and Tony’s stomach swooped. “We’ll see about that.” The archer winked and licked his lips and- what was happening here?
the time, big guy,” Tony said cautiously. “But … yeah. I think I’d like that.”
They made him swear not to do that for the rest of the games (because just one wouldn’t cut it, obviously).
When it did, they pounced.
“Is everyone okay?” Tony asked.
All of them looked at each other uneasily. Thor was right. There was just white snow stretching out for as far as any of them could see.
“Are you alright, my love?” he asked.
“Of course!” Tony said generously. They left her with all the signatures she could want, and a $500 tip for putting up with them. They waved away her stammered protests and thanks. She deserved it.
“We’re gonna wait until your concussion is gone.”
This is just. Crack.
“That was ridiculously hot,” T’challa blurted out.
“Okay good,” M’baku said. “Then I shall see you at 7:00.” And with that he turned and swaggered off.
Tony licked his lips, suddenly unable to look away from Clint’s. “Nope, I’m good.”
Tony was concentrating so hard on breathing that he barely noticed M’baku gently prying his hand away and reaching into a nearby drawer for the scented oil that was kept specifically for this.
“You’re coming,” Sam informed him.
By the time Steve and Clint came up from training, Tony had somehow managed to kick the blanket off.
Tony had smiled warmly at him. “Aw, you’re welcome.” And then kissed Bucky on the cheek and sent him upstairs.
T’challa took up the space near Tony’s head. He took the hint, taking T’challa into his mouth.
Sometimes they’d play board games (the good ones, like Cards Against Humanity and What do you Meme). And sometimes he’d put on a disney film (everyone knew that Natasha loved them, even if she’d never admit it).
“Huh?”
“Just because you were the one with him in the cave-in doesn’t make him your responsibility.”
Thor brightened instantly. “On Asgard cuddling is considered the best way to bond with our brothers and sisters! I shall much enjoy cuddling with you, friend Bruce.”
T’challa’s eyes nearly popped out of his skull. ‘My love’???? Apparently this was much more serious than he’d realized.
The room went silent.
Every attempt after that had gotten progressively more and more pointed.
