Castiel nods. “I restored his body to the best of my ability,” he says, then pushes off the doorframe. Dean watches him as he walks over, a light flush painting his cheeks. “I figured it would be cruel to let him fight for his first breaths.”
Kissing Dean has always been easy, but especially now, with his mouth pliant and his body relaxed, exhausted from working his way through two orgasms. Now, Castiel takes over, crowding Dean into the sheets as he thrusts, quicker now, panting into Dean’s mouth. “I don’t know why, but the moment I saw you, I lusted for you,” he says. “I wanted to feel your body against mine, I wanted you to bend to me.”
But Dean shakes his head. “Hotel. Just—get us out of here, please?”
“No, no, just…” He squeezes Castiel’s hand, letting out a slow breath. “If you wanna… If you wanna do this again, I’m not gonna turn you down, y’know, if you’ll…”
“Please wake up,” he whispers, broken. “Please come back to me.”
“No.” Castiel resists the urge to touch it, for fear of smearing the ink. “No, it’s perfect.”
It doesn’t feel right. Even after he pulls his tired bones from the rocking chair, the fear still sits in his gut, about where Dean might’ve gone. The last call on his phone is from his mother, and only lasted for ten seconds. But Dean never told him where he used to live, and he has a suspicion that no one in the dorm would know.
.” Cupping Dean’s face, Castiel urges him to
For now, Dean packs it away and crawls out from under the covers, his legs frigid and the room quiet. Castiel’s bed is empty, the sheets neatly folded, and his laptop is nowhere to be found. An early start, maybe—or he took off and ran, just like Dean wants to most days.
The road gives him time to think. Time to concentrate on where to put his hands, how hard to press the accelerator, when to slam the brake. Under the cover of night, Dean watches the street lamps illuminate the horizon, one placed every few hundred feet, giving the illusion of safety. This far out, if the Impala broke down, he wouldn’t be able to flag anyone down until daylight, and if he were lucky, he might survive without being picked off by whatever lurks in the woods.
Rocky’s is a literal hole in the wall, a one-room shack along the side of the road with an aging neon sign out front. As a child, Dean’s parents dragged him here every Sunday after church, and as an adult, Dean still visits, but on Wednesdays, when most of the congregation is doing whatever they’re up to at night. Less of a chance of running into someone he knows, while getting a good hour to himself, with nothing but the sound of cutlery and waitresses shouting orders to keep him sane.
, he thinks, attempting to wring his hair dry with his fingers.
“I can tell.” Castiel’s eyes gleam, nearly as blue as the sky around them. “I think we’re close.”
“You sold your soul to bring me back. And at the time, I was… I was fucking pissed. Because you didn't think about what I wanted, or yourself. That entire year, I tried to hold onto the time we had, because I thought that because of me, you were gonna die, and that was it.” Sam backs into the bannister, folding his arms over his stomach. “I hated you, for the longest time. And I loved you, because you gave a damn when no one else did. You saved me, Dean. No one ever did that for me before, and it… It took me years to forgive you. For that, and for the things you’ve done since, because I know you did them because you care.
“An army of demons bending to my will,” the vampire growls and takes Dean by the ankle, talons tearing into his flesh. Wailing, Dean grabs for his foot. “All in exchange for Dean Winchester, the menace to our kind. You’ve slaughtered us for years, and this is how it ends for you. We’ll be free—”
. Hopefully not soon, but at some point. He has a new life ahead of him, a life he’ll have to adjust to, but one he can’t wait to see. Castiel squeezes his hand, pressing Dean’s fingertips to his lips.
“So don’t tell me he doesn’t care. ‘Cause that man right there? Is about as good as you’re gonna ever get for a friend.”
So far as Sam can tell, Dean is still asleep down there, with a fawn nudging his head and her mother gnawing on one of their hydrangeas. Mug to his lips, he drinks, willing the caffeine to give him the strength to drag Dean inside and prop him up by the toilet for the rest of the day. If only it wasn’t a common occurrence. If only this wasn’t the fifth night in a row.
“You’re thinking,” Castiel says, breaking him out of his thoughts. He thumbs away a bit of syrup from the corner of his lips. Inexplicably, Dean wants to lick it off. “Your soul is thrashing.”
“I mean, that’s—that’s good, I guess.” Sitting back, Sam runs his hands through his hair. “One less thing to worry about, that the world’s gonna end. But—why Dean?”
His cock throbs, twitching in his underwear. “Cocky for a virgin, aren’t you?” Dean joshes.
Apparently, all of it.
“Your father taught you how to tend to wounds,” Castiel ventures. Ducking his head, he waits until Dean meets his gaze. All Castiel sees is pain in his eyes, haunted from memories he’s never once spoke aloud. “Dean, what am I missing?”
Chuckling, Dean shakes his head. “Been there.” He catches Castiel’s eyes after a moment, a flood of heat rising to his cheeks. His heart races as Castiel looks him over, particularly his neck where his shirt hangs loose above his tattoo. His lips part, like he plans to speak, but his tongue peeks through, wetting his lips. Another few inches, and he can sneak his hands into Castiel’s coat and—
Neither of them mention Castiel’s wings, and Dean refuses to ever tell another soul.
. “Great,” Dean says. He rubs the back of his neck, looking down at the wooden slats under his bare feet. “Don’t think I woke up once.”
“That he didn't sign,” Castiel growls, low enough to resonate in Dean’s ears. “Someone put out a hit on him. He died before his time, or do you suddenly not care about semantics?”
Castiel follows, enamored with Dean’s words and wants, and wonders if Jack can truly change the face of Heaven as they know it. Certainly, he hopes so, for Dean’s sake.
It works. It actually works.
Something must have woken him, but Castiel would have heard any noise. Most likely, Dean startled awake from another nightmare, or never slept in the first place, too worn out from the hours before to do anything other than lie in bed. Castiel knows the feeling intimately.
It won’t work, but it’s a shot. With the last of his strength, Dean carries Castiel out of the barn, leaving behind the remnants of his wings. The walk through the woods is even lonelier now, two bodies traveling but only one breathing. He holds Castiel as close as he can, looking straight ahead. Later, he’ll regret not searching hard enough, he’ll regret cutting off Castiel’s wings, but for now, he walks. With stinging eyes and an ache in his back, he carries Castiel to the house, occasionally brushing his nose against Castiel’s cold temple.
“You know you wouldn't,” Bobby says. Unfortunately, Dean never would, because as much as he hates Castiel sometimes, he needs him, and not just as his spotter. Castiel is the only friend he’s ever had, in the sport and outside of it. Castiel knows him, trusts him—and Dean would give anything to see him again. “He knows how much racing means to you, Dean. He’s been in the driver’s seat, he knows what it’s like. And if he still had both of his legs, you know he’d be right there with you.”
Dean sits on the porch railing, his back to the screen and his eyes solely on Castiel. The cicadas drone endlessly around them, and no matter how hard the ceiling fan works, it does nothing to abate the endless heat in the air. “That's all you got outta that?” Dean palms his face. “My aunt comes over and harasses me and all you heard was me and angels?”
in his hands. “Yeah, he—he told me what happened, after. He’s graduating next year.”
And Dean flips between windows, pulling up an application that bears a photo of Castiel next to the insignia for the FBI. Dean shoots him a grin, his smile reaching his eyes. “I made you a badge.”
“You've gotta believe me, man.” Dean shudders. An idea crosses his mind. Quickly, he jerks up his shirt sleeve and grabs Castiel’s wrist, pressing Castiel’s palm to the silvered mark branded into his shoulder. But nothing happens—that, more than anything, breaks Dean’s heart that last final inch. “Don’t do this to me. We had time, we had…”
Bobby shakes his head. “No, he didn’t.”
No, of course not. He still has a job to do, and Castiel is ready and willing, and more than turned on. Stripping out of his briefs, Dean tosses them to the floor; Castiel leans back onto his elbows, looking like the picture of sin, from the light hairs dotting his chest to the hard ridge of his cock. And what a cock, with a girth Dean has only ever really seen in porn; touching it feels like a sin, like a guilty pleasure that he forgot to feel ashamed of. And Castiel watches him as Dean pets him with his fingertips, peeling back his foreskin to reveal the head, slick with precome and in need of a good lick.
Maybe this was a bad idea, after all. Maybe he should’ve taken his father’s bribe and catered to the whims of celebrities with blood on their hands. California doesn't have the same humidity as Georgia. With the windows down, Castiel chokes on it, sweat pooling under his arms and along his nape.
And Castiel is gone.
At some point, Crowley breaks out a bottle of wine, the expensive kind that his parents still buy for special occasions, with a drawing of a chateau on the label. Either he has connections or a bulging wallet, but Castiel puts it aside. It’s good—too good, in fact, and by the time Dean makes it through half a glass, his ears are glowing.
“Bet it’s cool. I mean, not the bleeding part, but.” Admiration flashes across Dean’s face as he thumbs the hole. For a man with so many tattoos, Castiel has never seen him more enamored. “You got anything else I should know about?”
“God.” Dean laughs, his eyes wet. “Good thing I’m not the only one flying blind, then.”
Dean tucks his face into Castiel’s throat, refusing to speak. Wrapping an arm around him, Castiel holds Dean close and whispers a prayer into his hair.
. Closing his eyes, Dean imagines being anywhere other than here, somewhere far away from Castiel’s touch. “I need you to forgive me,” he says, hating how broken he sounds, how desperate he is just for those three words. “I need you to tell me that it’s okay.”
Dean laughs, then wheezes. “Pretty shitty army.”
Inside, the décor hasn't been changed in the last three decades. Bright yellow-and-brown plaid bedding spreads across the king mattress, and the orange carpeted floors are due for a vacuum, or a complete replacement, whatever comes first. No television set, a mini-fridge that rattles under the bathroom sink, and a permanently-dripping faucet—all the ambiance he needs to spend his last days.
It feels like love, overflowing at the seams, threatening to burst from his chest. With a shaking hand, he rakes his nails through Castiel’s hair, too enrapt in the shared silence, in Castiel’s touch to kiss him back. A laugh bubbles free, and Castiel smiles at him, his eyes alight. “Stay,” Dean says—begs. “Just—stay.”
For a while, Castiel sits there, wincing with every tug. “I meant in bed,” he says after a moment, and Dean gives him a look, his gaze absolutely lecherous.
“Neither of you are broken,” Castiel says. “People change with learned experience, but if they’re unwilling to open their minds, then that mentality continues, and it often gets projected onto the people they love the most.”
“I’m sorry,” Sam mutters, sounding small. “Ruby, she… She promised me that I was doing the right thing. That we were gonna stop it, and…” A breath; he swallows, his lower lip trembling. “The shit she made me do, I didn’t… I couldn't stop. I couldn’t stop, Dean, I tried—”
The second door turns out to be a half bathroom. Flipping a switch, he squints against the sudden light and the brightness of the sink basin. The toilet is fairly new, and the wallpaper is an atrocious shade of red, with white lines running up and down the length of it. Worst of all, he sees himself and the blood pouring from the wound to his temple. Through his shirt, blood seeps through, dying his hand. “No,” he whispers. The lights flicker dangerously. “No, no, not here.”
From the washing machine, Sam shakes his head. “I left it upstairs. Didn’t think I’d need it tonight.”
More important, though, is sleep.
“I’m sorry.” Castiel squeezes his hand. “I can’t imagine a loss like that.”
“What—” Dean starts, then drops his hands. He takes a step back, one, then two, until his back hits the wall. Last night’s words dance through his head, the meaning slowly piecing itself together, until Dean finally understands. What he’s wanted all along, and what he thought Castiel didn't feel in return. What Castiel wants is—“Why do you think you can’t have that?”
“We’re staying close by,” Dean says. “Sam and Eileen are here, too, and… And Jack.”
, Castiel thinks. But looking at him now, he can see Dean’s despair, the anger and fear in his eyes. His soul roils, thrashing between emotions, never settling on one before he bounces to the next.
Nodding, Castiel looks between Hannah and Naomi. “So that means—”
Naomi smiles, forced. “Castiel. When you didn't return after your mission, we all began to wonder if something was amiss, but instead I find you… here, living with the humans.”
“We’re not to interfere with the dealings of humans,” Castiel says, his tone somber. “No matter how often you pray, we aren’t allowed to answer.”
Five towns. Five different counties over the span of three hours, including fifteen motels and even a Holiday Inn at the top of his budget, and no one has room to spare. Not the first time in his life that he’s been left out in the cold, but now, it grates on him, leaves him exhausted in a way he hasn’t felt in several years. The stitches in his gut don’t help, nor does the headache burning bright behind his eyes. The neon glow feels like a spotlight, and streetlamps might as well be knives.
, Dean thinks. But not close enough—Castiel isn’t with him.
“Yeah.” Slow, Dean walks to the car, his eyes locked on the shadows moving above. Castiel joins him, keeping close while Dean pops the trunk and fishes out his machete. “Minute I close this door, they’re gonna pounce,” he says. Claws curl around the boards gouging the wood. “How many are there?”
“What do you have planned?”
Castiel doesn’t care. Castiel may have saved his life in the past, but Dean did more—Dean made an unthinkable decision, and no amount of preparation could’ve even prepared him for what happened next.
“Probably should’ve made a will,” Dean mumbles. “Figured he wouldn't throw me in a hole.”
. “I did what I had to,” he continues. “And he was just so… pissed. Think he’s always gonna be pissed at me, but I just—”
Dean snorts and snags the container. “Yeah, well, marry me and she’s yours.”
Despite that, Castiel wants to touch him, the urge unlike anything he’s ever felt before.
By the time he steps out, fully clothed and feeling a step up from dead, he finds Castiel back in bed, typing away on his laptop. A glass and an entire bottle of Ibuprofen sit on the table between their beds. Dean pops three and chases them with water. The first drink he’s had in hours, and it might as well be heaven.
Dean is a man of many talents. So much so, that Castiel wonders why he’s still in Lyle, between the singing and the fact that he can grill steak to a perfect medium-well. Garth brought sides from the grocery store across town, and Castiel eats his fill of everything, even something involving chunks of fruit and marshmallows and too much sugar.
“How bad is it?” Dean asks. Castiel looks down, but Dean tilts his head back up, a question in his eyes. “Cas, how bad is it?”
They’ve been sitting in the bottom of his sock drawer for the last few years, unworn and ignored. Only on a rare occasion does Dean take them out, mostly to touch and remember the few time they’ve adorned his skin, how they frame his hips so beautifully and show off everything they need to. Years later, and they still fit, albeit a bit tighter, but not nearly enough to tear. They’re red, unlike the first pair he bought, with a lace front and sheer back, and a bow in the center of the waistband.
, Castiel thinks, rubbing the back of his neck. But he needs a decent pair of sandals, and a towel in the instance he gets to visit the pool before it closes. Two things he should have packed on the way here, but forgot at the last moment. and Dean mentioned something about the pool this weekend, anyway. Castiel plans to use it as an excuse to people watch and meet his neighbors, and nothing more.
“When we first met, you used to wear jewelry,” Castiel comments, lowering his voice. “I’d admire your hands when you weren’t looking, but you threw it all away a short time later.”
“Found it a couple of weeks before the whole… thing.” He waves a hand at nothing in particular. “Killed a warlock pretending to be a preacher. Only, he’d slip that bad boy out and stab people in his ‘after hour services,’ if you’d call them that. I don’t even know what it does.”
“What?” Looking over, Dean remembers the swords in Castiel’s hand and the Colt shoved into his coat pocket. “No, we—we can explain.”
“Guess they’ve still got a few tricks up their sleeves,” Dean mumbles. The topic at hand sits on his tongue, festering, yet he can’t manage to find the words, his brain too addled by driving for more than twelve hours at a time. He could bring it up tomorrow, but Castiel’s words echo in his head, urging him forward. “D’you wanna move?”
, Castiel thinks. “You have me,” he whispers in return, and Dean softens in his hold. “I’m yours, Dean.”
“I’m envious that your mother talks to you,” Castiel says through a laugh. “I’m lucky if I get a call from mine once every six months.”
Slowly, realization dawns. Yet, Castiel can’t bring himself to sit up, too scared to let Dean know that he’s awake. Warm breath puffs against his neck, steady and even, and a leg slots between his knees, their toes brushing. Castiel finds no blood when he touches his forehead, and his bandages are clean, but the pain persists, nagging him in his waking hours. Dean’s touch helps, but not much.
“You have to learn empathy,” Castiel says. “Not that you aren’t empathetic already, but you have to learn to embrace their pain and reassure them. They’re children, and incredibly impressionable.”
Castiel sinks his blade into her gut before she can finish her statement, the anger in his eyes striking and absolutely terrifying. He’s a man with a mission, and a man willing to do whatever it takes to see it through, even if he’s not a man at all. All at once, Dean feels Martha’s skin ignite as she screams. Fire erupts from her eyes, and the scent of sulfur taints the air. Rather than her dropping into a limp pile, she disintegrates, leaving nothing behind but her coat and a pile of noxious ash. A body he doesn’t have to bury.
Covering Castiel’s hand, Dean reaches up and touches what he supposes is the arch of Castiel’s wing. Invisible, but still tangible, for reasons he can’t understand. And Castiel doesn’t question it. His fingers splay over Dean’s stomach, gripping the fabric of his shirt tight. “You can feel it,” he says, and Dean nods. “Why?”
It’s likely. Angels know sex from a practical standpoint, but Castiel has never had the chance to actually partake. And now, Dean offers himself, his flesh and soul willing to be taken. “You woke up in a good mood,” Castiel says. Curious, he drags his fingertip down Dean’s spine, then into his cleft, where he’s warm and slick. A thin sheen of something wet coats his inner thighs, from the small bottle sitting next to the conditioner. “Were you thinking about me?”
Dean gives him a wink. “Already got a list made up, old man.”
To illustrate, Castiel pulls his shirt up over his head and allows his wings to spill free, the prismatic mass of feathers draping across the floor and over the tub. With slightly more life in his eyes, Dean reaches out to touch, running his fingers through the feathers as the sun casts rainbows across the vanes. Most of the hellfire faded years ago, with the new growth replacing the old, blackened feathers save for a few spots. Those, Dean treats gently before he plucks them free, letting them float around his knees.
If anything, he softens, his eyes glimmering in the dim light. Touching his cheek feels like salvation, his skin so warm, inviting. Dean turns into his touch, shame heating his face. Gentle, he cups the back of Castiel’s hand, his own shaking. “You’re dead,” Dean mumbles, his throat thick. “You gotta stop this, man. I can’t take it—”
Come morning, Castiel pulls his tattered body from the cave and continues on. The higher he ascends, the more deadly the demons are, crawling their way from the depths and flinging their bodies at him. Several times, they strike his wings, and Castiel falls, Dean tucked against his chest as he careens to the ground. Exhaustion lives inside him like a second skin, but the thought of Dean—protecting him, keeping him safe—keeps Castiel moving at all hours.
Castiel nods. “I’ve been given a promotion. I could… show you, if it’d help you believe.”
The chaplain leaves, and the drone of the waiting room resumes. Doors open and close; crying children wander in with their parents, complaining of broken bones; a sales representative comes in with a cart full of catered sandwiches. Most notably is the woman that comes in nearing the four o’clock hour, her blonde hair pulled back into a messy bun, her bright yellow sundress the only color Castiel can make out against the drab walls. She looks familiar—
, Castiel prays. He leaves Dean in the dark, closing the door in his wake. For the rest of the evening, he relegates himself to the couch in the living room, and enters a dreamless sleep, accompanied by a warmth in his chest that he hopes never fades.
He sleeps for two hours before he gives up. His gut gnaws at itself, a persistent ache that he can’t shake, no matter how much he eats. His next interview is in Roberta, a town thirty minutes south of Lyle, with a group of older women who sounded more excited on the phone than Castiel could ever hope to be. He should go—he should do anything other than stare at the corkboard in the kitchen, but his feet won’t move.
“You’d like that, wouldn't you? To be held down and fucked within an inch of your life.” Castiel sits up on his knees, hoisting Dean’s hips higher. Nodding, Dean watches him rub the head of his cock against his rim. Teasing, more than anything, letting him know just what’s in store—and Dean can’t wait. “You taunt me like you’re in charge.”
Low, Dean hums. A large wave rushes up behind Sam, and Dean ducks just in time to miss it; it drags Sam down, and Dean pulls him back up, sputtering water along the way. “You wanna move this inside?” Dean asks with a laugh.
that Dean has yet to come up with a name for it.
Sam watches him from the patio, his hands in his pockets and his lip between his teeth. Dean paces in the grass, his face glassy in the light of the moon, eyes turned to the sky. Contemplative—wondering if this is the right decision. If this is just another empty search before they pack up and leave in the morning.
“Do you love me?” Castiel pulls away, cupping Dean’s face.
“It’s lovely this time of year, or so I’ve heard. But I digress. You,” she squeezes Dean’s hands, “are of the utmost curiosity. Castiel was right when he saw something in you. Not just your soul, but the spark you have. Here, let me explain.” Pulling away, she pulls a weather-beaten scroll from her pocket and hands it to Castiel, who takes it, lips pursed. “Heaven now believes it knows the reason for your terribly untimely demise.”
, afterward tonguing the bruise. “I’d prefer either,” Castiel says, his voice scraped over coals. Heat simmers in Dean’s gut, spiraling lower the moment Castiel speaks, as it always does.
“Why am I not dead?” Dean asks. Because by that logic, he should’ve been burnt to death on the way back up.
, you got me, man.”
Eventually, the vice grip around his lungs eases, and Dean sucks in breath after breath, willing his heart to settle. The chanting stops, and Castiel’s hands slip away, leaving Dean bereft and feverish. “It’s over,” Castiel says. A wet thumb swipes down Dean’s forehead, a final anointment. “You can open your eyes.”
“Yeah,” Dean answers, automatic. His stomach has seen better days and his throat aches, but objectively, he’s okay. “Benny got a bad batch.”
“There’s something there,” Hannah says, beaming at Naomi. “We should talk to her. She would know.”
Castiel nods and takes his hand. “It’ll be alright, Dean.”
“Not really.” Dean grabs his wallet and the room key from the foot of the bed, shoving both into his back pocket. “But I’m sure we’ll find something. C’mon.” He pats Castiel’s bicep, his touch lingering a second too long. “Need two sets of eyes for this.”
“I know.” Dean slumps in his seat. “I just thought it’d be easier, and less tears.”
“Let him stay,” Castiel finishes. It makes sense, but it definitely isn’t how he expected to spend his second week of summer vacation, being watched by Dean’s disembodied relative. “Do you have any other secrets I need to know about?”
A breath. Then, “I’ve never been with a human.”
Dean nods and falls onto his side. Castiel draws an arm around him, ignoring the mess painting his thighs in favor of Dean’s knee between them. “Yeah,” he mumbles, tucking his face beneath Castiel’s chin. “Feel like I can breathe again.”
“No, it’s—It was a dream. Can’t exactly tell my brain to not do something.” He shakes his head, lip between his teeth. “Cas, can I…” Wordless, Castiel nods at his side. “I can’t stop thinking about it.”
push inside. One by one, Castiel fucks each egg in, and a wet rush of come seeps from where they’re joined, all of it filling Dean to the brim. Blue eyes look down at him, half-lidded and drunk on it, and all Dean can do is kiss him and take it.
“I’d hate to stain your sheets,” Castiel says. He can’t help the grin that breaks free, furthered by the kiss Dean leaves to his temple. “There could be a scientific explanation to the phenomenon, but even then, if it were a mark from God, would you be alright knowing it was Him who put you through the pain?”
, of all people.
“I’ve been told.” Castiel’s grin meets his eyes, but only for a moment before it dims.
He doesn’t deserve the pain. Dean deserves to
Rather than let Castiel reply, Dean kisses up the knots of his spine until he reaches a spot behind his ear, where he bites a mark; Castiel gasps, embarrassment flushing his face. “Dean,” he says, despite Dean’s laughter and the hands steadily creeping their way southward under the water. “Your brother’s watching.”
Really, Castiel understands the feeling. Part of him still expects the Empty to be waiting for him, to drag him back into the darkness. Worse, he wonders if this is all a dream, and that Dean never pulled him free and cut the wires binding his mouth, his wings. But then Dean meets him in the kitchen, and the rest of the world melts away. His orbit has always been around Dean, and Dean, his.
Sam and Jack went out for a stroll across town an hour ago. Technically, they could be back any minute, or it could be the rest of the day. But as far as Castiel is concerned, this might as well be the first time he and Dean have been alone in weeks, and no one is around to listen in.
Dean appraises him, his gaze lingering too long to either side of Castiel’s shoulders. “Look the same to me,” he says, a light flush to his cheeks. “But will that—Is that gonna work?”
He squints with one eye. “Castiel is my middle name. I use that instead of—”
Whatever it is, Dean obeys and shimmies between Castiel’s thighs. Touching it is one thing, but getting his mouth on it is an entirely different story. For a while, Dean kisses Castiel’s cock, leaving wet marks as he works his way up to the tip, where precome spills free and paints his lips. It doesn’t feel any different than his own cock, maybe a little softer, but it stands proud, the heat of it scalding. Dean’s mouth waters just tasting it, just taking the tip between his lips and tonguing into the slit.
Castiel sits up a bit straighter; a foot catches his own under the table, the toe of Castiel’s shoe curled around Dean’s Achilles. “You’re trying to process a traumatic event,” he says, soft. But knowing and understanding are two different things, and Dean can’t seem to grasp either. “If I could help you, I would.”
“Lucifer’s vessel, yes.” A breath. “God intends for you to slay your own brother in order to ensure paradise on earth.”
“So I’ve been told,” Castiel murmurs against his lips.
, but he does. “How much farther?”
He does. Dean loves him, for one, and now, Castiel believes it in his heart, that his love is returned in full.
“Give me strength,” Castiel prays, his words barely audible. He gets a hand underneath himself and pushes up, his bones grinding against one another. “Give me the strength to save him.” A mantra—the one he repeated when he first descended into Hell and the hordes clawed into him. His wings scrape across the floor, limp. By sheer miracle, Castiel manages to retract the mangled mass of them, leaving him solely with his body, infinitely lighter.
Castiel shakes his head. “Because I’m a horrible liar. I had a promising career in law if I wanted it, but I would rather help the people that they abandoned.” He looks down at his bare feet, curling his toes. “I didn’t want to tell you.”
“Think you sleepwalked,” he chuckles, stroking through Castiel’s hair. “Not exactly complaining.”
“What?” Sam reaches over and shoves his entire hand inside of the box. “Money?”
“Sammy,” he shouts and bolts out of bed, grabbing his robe along the way. Sam, ever the light sleeper, meets him before he can make it into the hallway, hair matted to the side of his head. “Basement, now. I’ll get Cas.”
Said intervention being Dean.
One touch—one breath—and Dean shudders, utterly ruining the front of his briefs. Euphoria sparks behind his eyes, along with the utter realization that Castiel got him off, and that Castiel is touching him with a lube-stained hand, palming across the front of his soaked underwear. He peels the fabric back while Dean gasps for air, gathering up the mess and stroking Dean with it. “Cas, stop—” Dean pleads, but Castiel kisses him instead, swallowing his cries as he brings him off a second time from oversensitivity.
Jumping him is an underestimation—Castiel threw him up against the motel wall and kissed him like Dean has never been kissed before, with fire and fury and enough passion that Dean got the hint from the start. Kissing him was easy after that—getting him into bed, even more so.
One car sits in the parking lot, a black behemoth that Castiel knows inside and out. He remembers the smell of her backseat, the way the leather cradled him as he slept. The music playing from the tape deck, the not-so-subtle roar of the engine as her wheels hit the asphalt. He missed her, more than he ever knew.
He shouldn't—but with his heart, Dean believes him.
Castiel pulls his fingers free and twists Dean’s nipple, just that edge of rough. “Fuck me,” Dean pleads, his eyes rolling back. His hole clenches in sympathy, the spot that Castiel has been ignoring all night. This time, Castiel indulges him, slipping his other hand down Dean’s back. Fingertips come to rest over the tight ring of muscle, where he’s still slick and waiting.
“No, I don’t. But listen to me.” Gentle, he strokes through Dean’s hair, letting his fingers linger around the back of his ear. “You’re better than him because you care. You’re better than him because you’re honest and kind, and you want to make a difference in someone’s life for the better. Because you know from experience how words can damage someone so wholly, yet you turn that into your strength.” He stops, pressing a kiss to the space between Dean’s eyes. “You’re worthy of everything he tells you you’re not. You are a good man, Dean Winchester.” He smiles. “I wish you could see yourself the way I do.”
“Yeah,” Dean groans. “And the hole’s gonna cave in and we’re gonna have to dig in the mud. Great job, team.” He tilts his head back, leaning against the marble. “Least it’s not hot anymore.”
But nothing comes. Lightning still flashes through his eyelids, but the pressure of the storm lifts, taking the wind with it. The rain, though, sticks around, soft enough that he can ignore it. A weight lifts from his shoulders. “I was wrong,” Dean says with a laugh. “I wanna move back.”
Fireflies dance around Dean’s head. Like a magnet, Castiel gravitates toward him, caught up in his orbit as Dean takes his hand. He’s warm, so warm, and something that feels like affection flutters in Castiel’s stomach, simmering to a boil. Dean’s kiss tastes of whiskey and regret, his hand unsteady in his grasp. “Okay,” Castiel says, and holds on. “Okay.”
“For a while.” Soft, Castiel smiles and leans in, pressing the ghost of a kiss to the space between Dean’s brows. “It’s complicated.”
. “At least ask me to dinner first, man.”
Great—not only is Castiel alive, but he’s probably dead in a ditch in Russia for all he knows. Palming his eyes, he lets out the slightest bit of tension. The last time Castiel got hurdled southward, he found the first payphone and called. But even then, he has no clue how long Castiel has been earthbound, and whether he survived the fall in the first place. Worst of all, he could be human.
A thin line streaks through Dean’s hair. Castiel runs a fingertip along it, only to hear a low whimper work its way free from Dean’s throat. “My dad died when I was five,” he mutters. He pulls a newspaper clipping free and hands it to Castiel. “There was a… We didn’t have any warning.”
Dean shushes him. “It’s okay,” he soothes. “You don’t gotta apologize, not to me.”
Someone touches his back—Dean jerks away, halfway to the gun that isn’t under his pillow. Not home—no, he’s still at the safehouse, and someone is sitting behind him, with the saddest eyes Dean has ever seen. “You asshole,” Dean hisses and punches Castiel’s shoulder, harder than he intended. It doesn’t help him feel any better. “You can’t just—”
“It’s twenty minutes from Los Angeles. Dean, just…” Tentative, Castiel touches Dean’s shoulder, fitting his fingers beneath his shirt sleeve. “I don’t know. I don't know what will happen between now and December. You may not even like me come time, but if you still do, I… I can help you get on your feet. You can stay with me, if you want.” A breath. “I’d really like to consider you a friend, come what may.”
“I don’t want to look like I’m pitying you,” Castiel mumbles. He taps his fingers to Dean’s heart, then pushes—
A simple ritual—one they’ve done several times before, but only when all else failed. Local witnesses won’t talk, and the markings on the few bodies they’ve found haven’t led to anything more than raised voices in the morgue and cops snooping around, trying to find something to pin on them. Dean just wants this over and done with, before another kid ends up dead, or sacrificed, or whatever the coven is doing.
Humming, Dean drapes an arm over his eyes. “Someone’s gonna show up eventually,” he mutters, and hears Castiel’s murmur of agreement. “How long until Heaven figures out what’s up?”
Here, he just walks, like the weight of the world has been lifted, and Castiel finds him utterly approachable.
“But you don’t even know if he’s here.” Stepping into the grass, Sam crosses the few feet between them, still reluctant to reach out. Dean can’t stand being touched when he’s wired, especially now, hyped up on caffeine and adrenaline. “Maybe he landed in Lebanon.”
The guttural groans and horrified screams of Hell dwindle to his own breathing and the faint drip of something liquid on the floor. Dean watches him for a long while, his lips working to speak. No voice comes from his throat—the slice across his neck makes sure of that. A way to keep him complacent, to not talk back against the man who put the knife in his hand. Said knife falls to the ground in a clatter, forgotten.
“Yeah.” Sam steps to the side as the woman rounds her desk. She takes Dean by the hand and leads him off the couch, into a room beyond an opaque black veil.
“My ass is even better,” Dean whispers. “Fuck me and find out?”
“Mary, please.” Mary pats his knee. “Just Mary.”
Together, they exist, and Castiel watches over Dean as the swirling mass of him calms, no longer hesitant where he floats in the cup of Castiel’s hands.
“I know.” Setting aside his food, Dean wraps his arms around himself. “But I just—I don’t get it. I never hurt anyone, I never did anything wrong, and if anyone knew, I’d—They’d kill me, Cas. Couple guys in high school used to call me names, but they were the type that’d—”
Sighing, Dean leans his head back against the porcelain, red splotches on his neck visible, vaguely resembling teeth marks. Castiel’s teeth, from the morning before. Pride fills him, seeing Dean wear them so proudly, without a care otherwise. “How’re they doing?” Dean asks, looking at him through one half-open eye. “After the whole…”
Bored, Dean chews, his eyes locked on a rock. “I don’t want to,” he says after he swallows. “But I don’t got any other choice. Don’t really have any prospects. My… My dad says that you’ll never really leave your hometown. Some way or another, you always end up back here, and most of us’ll never leave. But damn, I want to.” He laughs, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I wanna see the world, Castiel. I wanna get out of this fucking town and feel the air in Kansas, or Washington, or hell, even the beach. And I can’t do that if all I feel is guilty every time I step across the county line.
“Wouldn't want to either,” Bobby says. “Your boss over there ain’t exactly a barrel of laughs.”
“Dean.” Sam runs to him—
. “Did your mother leave for the same reason?”
“Figured you might know more than us.” Dean scoots closer, a leg pulled up onto the couch. “This the real deal?”
“But he did,” Sam says.
The utter peace of the moment doesn't escape him. Nearly three weeks here, and Castiel still can’t believe that this is their reward, after all of the pain and torture, after all of the betrayal sleepless nights, that they’re allowed to live, that they’re allowed to
Dean tastes like sadness, like adoration. Castiel swallows his tears, chasing them with every kiss. Heat bubbles just under his skin, but he ignores it, too enrapt with Dean’s touch, with his love as they sink, engulfed by the bed linens and the quilt. Later, Castiel will explain the significance of each patch and what his own means, and he’ll drag Dean into the shade of his wings until Sam wakes them.
Leaving Sam as the only other person awake. For a while, Dean sits in silence, and doesn’t look up when Sam steps outside, falling into the other rocking chair at his side. Wood creaks. A cat scrambles atop the wreck of an old Plymouth and begins to clean its back leg. “How long were you down there?” Sam asks out of curiosity. Dean’s stomach still turns just thinking about it.
“Dean,” Castiel moans, edging closer. A coil tightens in his gut and sinks lower, so reminiscent of last night when he couldn't control himself, couldn't get enough. If the hitch in Dean’s breath is any indication, then he’s close as well. The hand in his wing doesn’t help matters, Dean’s touch sending shivers down his spine and spiraling south. “
“I don’t recall,” Castiel says in return. “You started it.”
“Don’t ‘John’ me,” his father yells back, and fists fly.
“Probably for the best,” Dean says, and Anyika nods.
For a while, Castiel lies there, staring up at the moon and listening to the sounds of the earth turn. The sawgrass sways, an owl calls out for its mate, the wind rustles the oaks—all of it could lull him to sleep, if he weren’t so attuned to the motion of the universe. For the first time in millennia, Castiel opens his eyes and
The smell of pancakes and eggs wafts in through the air vents, strong enough to stir Castiel from stasis. Opening his eyes, he finds Dean’s half of the bed empty and the door ajar, morning light pouring in. A steady breeze pours in through the window, bringing with it chilled air and the promise of good weather for the day.
Turning his head, Castiel notes the look of placidity on Dean’s face, his plush lips curled into a pleased smile, his emerald eyes hidden behind a pair of Wayfarers. He drives with one hand on the steering wheel with his other arm hanging out of the window. Occasionally, he mouths along to the words on the radio and nudges Castiel’s elbow when the song changes to something he likes.
He takes Castiel’s fingers and presses them to his forehead. Fear creeps into Castiel’s stomach as he feels the indentations there, unevenly spaced scars that he can’t see, but can definitely feel.
Sam snorts. “Werepires? Are you just naming whatever you find, now?”
“Dude.” Dean’s fingers fall, coming to rest atop Castiel’s nape. His expression softens, so unlike the Dean he knows, so much more vulnerable. “I don’t care if you’re an angel, or if you throw your back out one day and I gotta carry your ass around. You think I keep you around because of what you can do?”
This part, Castiel hasn’t thought about. Given a few more weeks, and he might come up with a solid plan, but at the moment, the most he can come up with is, “I have a house in Glendale.”
A quiet smile flutters over Castiel’s lips, disappearing shortly after. Fleeting as it is, it’s beautiful—and Dean doesn’t plan on thinking about that any further. “Okay,” he says. He grabs the keys from the corner table and locks the door, afterward tossing them to Dean. “Shall we?”
Castiel nods, sliding out of the chair. While Dean prepares his station, Castiel removes his coat and suit jacket, then his button-down. He fidgets with his undershirt before pulling it over his head, unexpectedly embarrassed. Dean has seen him in various stages of undress, but never so vulnerable, and never with the intent of Dean touching him. It shouldn't terrify him, but it does.
The shower relieves some of the pressure in his head, but not much. Standing under the spray, Dean inhales until his lungs strain, then exhales, over and over until he can stomach scrubbing the soot and alcohol from his skin. Reaching out from behind the curtain, he grabs his toothbrush and scrubs his teeth until his gums ache, and gargles from the shower head.
Castiel takes his wrist on the fifth pass, and finally,
Castiel’s thumb presses in—Dean barely stifles a gasp. “We shouldn't,” he whispers. “I’m your guardian and you’re in my charge, but I—” He stops, his eyes searching Dean’s. “For some reason, I want.”
The shop sits in the middle of a strip mall, in the shadow of a beachfront hotel. A neon OPEN sign hangs in the front window despite the hour, and inside, a group of girls chatter while they talk to a woman at the front desk. Tourists wander the streets as the sun disappears beyond the horizon, some heading for the beach, others trudging back to their hotels, sunburned and exhausted. Heat hangs thick in the air.
It’s complicated. Some days, Dean wishes he could give up and find a wife, but he can’t stomach the lies, the guilt.
“And twelve acres,” Dean says, wary. “There’s a lake down—What are you thinking?”
Castiel shakes his head. He leans in, pressing a kiss to the corner of Dean’s lips. “You can have me,” he says. “As long as I can have you.”
At some point—days, maybe weeks later—Castiel loses sight of his assailants. He must be somewhere near the fifth circle, with its endless rivers of filth and the writhing bodies emerging from the depths. He finds shelter in a recess along the banks, ducking into the darkness and shrouding himself with his bloodied wings.
Another grin. “Well,” Dean says, dropping his head to Castiel’s wings once again, “wouldn’t be the first time I’ve tempted you.”
Castiel glances over his shoulder, his brow pinched. “Have you ever driven one?”
But Sam needs the closure. Sam needs to forget the nightmare that happened after Dean died, and Dean needs to see his brother again, at least one more time.
keeps him from going any further than this.
“I have my blade,” Castiel says. Recognition flashes across Dean’s face, and a smile curls his lips. “How many do you think we’ll have to search?”
Somehow, it works—and Dean doesn’t question it, even when Castiel slaps his palm over his heart to sink his nails into his flesh. A blue light pours from his hand, spilling into Dean’s chest and flooding his senses. All of it goes straight to his cock, the head red and flushed, drooling all over his stomach. “Cas,” he says, pitched high. “Cas, ‘m, c’mon—”
Across the table, Castiel sits back, his hands in his lap. “What if you started hunting again?” he suggests. “The stress levels aren’t ideal, but it might ease your mind if you can put your hands to use.”
Throughout the night, Castiel watches over him, and eases his mind when the nightmares attempt to creep in. Dean sleeps for more than four hours—and Castiel wonders, how out of all of God’s creatures, he had to fall so easily for this one man.
It isn’t until later—after the box is tucked away in the basement and everyone, even Castiel, ate their fill of Dean’s pot roast—that Castiel comes to him, alone, without his shadow attempting to gouge a new hole in Dean’s body. Briefly, he checks to make sure Sam is in his room before he slowly shuts Dean’s bedroom door with barely a click.
“I try to be,” Castiel says.
Eileen sighs through her nose.
The warding fires on—and through the small window, Castiel and Dean watch him scream and burst into flame and ash. Black smoke juts upward in an attempt to escape, but the fan blades rotate faster, keeping him trapped while he burns to cinders.
Music meets them before they walk inside, and a crowd has gathered, none of them seeking entrance, but mostly loitering, flashing brown paper bags and takings swigs from whatever’s inside. Dean leads him past the doors and into the bar, where two billiards tables sit in the middle of the room, surrounded by multiple men about twice Dean’s size. Some sit at the bar facing the television, while others stand around the stage at the far end of the room, where a woman in a barely-there top and jeans tight enough to cut off her circulation plays the guitar.
“It’s not,” Castiel says, then sighs. “I looked at it in the mirror, after I showered. I’d been avoiding it when we were in Lebanon, because I knew what I’d find in my reflection. But seeing it…”
“It pays to know your enemy.” Naomi shrugs and turns to Castiel. “Christopher’s new claim is that a certain sect of demons are trying to break the seals to start Armageddon. And according to their thinking, they needed to kill a human with a pure soul.” She looks over at Dean, disgust on her face, and Castiel has half the mind to fight her on the spot. “If it were anyone else, I’d say he was lying, Castiel. But you see him.”
But Mary shushes him and kisses his forehead. None of it does anything to alleviate his fear. “It's okay,” she soothes. “It’s okay, baby.”
Castiel spins the sword, brandishing the handle toward Dean. Hesitant, Dean takes it and looks to Castiel’s wrist. “What about you?” he asks. “I could kill you.”
slotting alongside his own. So unfamiliar, so terrifying, yet everything he’s ever wanted: a man to hold him down, to touch him with broad hands and enough power to keep him pinned. Even then, no man has ever held him like this, and all the porn in the world could never teach him what it might feel like to have someone’s real flesh-and-blood cock in him. “Cas, I’ve—”
“I offered to drive,” Castiel says. He stretches, wincing when his spine pops. “Dean was insistent.”
He gives Dean a sudden stroke, and Dean shouts. “Yes,” he groans, clenching his fists. “Yes, god,
, it whispers, again and again, his name a prayer in the vision’s mouth. Apparitions of fingers dance through his hair, and icy breath puffs across his cheek. If this is a dream, then it’s the most realistic one he’s ever had. The few times he ever experienced sleep paralysis, it wasn't like this. There was more… terror, a weight sitting on his chest, knowing that he couldn't move, no matter how hard he fought.
“No.” Pushing off the dresser, Castiel comes to stand before him. Dean opens his knees without thinking, and Castiel steps between them, palming Dean’s cheek with one hand. The other, he places over the faded leather covering Dean’s shoulder, sinking his nails in. “I promise you, I won’t let this happen. Because the moment Michael possesses you, the moment you become his, you won’t be yourself anymore.” Slow, his fingers drift down, coming to rest around Dean’s throat. Dean looks up to him, his teeth clenched. “Archangels don’t leave their vessels unscathed. Death would be sweeter than what Michael has planned.”
“It’s not you,” Castiel whispers. Unfurling his wings, he places Dean into his breastplate and takes flight.
. “Are you taking—”
“Probably not up to anything other than missionary,” Dean groans. “Fuck, I was gonna get you to fuck me this weekend too. Charlie’s got us a room booked, and I can’t go like this. Shit, I can barely walk.”
Too much—yet, not enough, and Dean intends to torment him for as long as he can.
“Dragon Con?”
“Question of the year,” Dean huffs. He finishes his task and sets the mold to the side, once again taking up his knife. “Me and Cas’ve been trying to figure that out for days, but no dice. And now, all we’ve figured out is that Hell’s got a price on my head, and we got attacked by werepires.”
“Come with me?” Castiel asks.
Such a beautiful house doesn’t deserve to see him like this, doesn’t deserve to have his blood on the floorboards, but yet, death waits inside, beckoning him in, calling him home.
Skilled fingers travel down Dean’s chest, sneaking their way under his shirt to palm across his stomach. Dean bites back a groan, conscious that outside, someone could be walking past. Shakily, he tugs at the front of Castiel’s cardigan, fumbling with the buttons until he tugs it open and pulls it off Castiel’s frame. Lips break away, only to trail up the column of his throat, so close to sucking a mark but not quite. Any other time—any other place—and Dean would let him, but the fear of someone
All in all, they escaped unscathed, aside from their sanity. Nightmares still linger at the edge of Dean’s vision, and his hands shake, a tremor he hasn’t been able to shake off ever since he woke up.
No one save for the ones that started the fire. Castiel follows the roads as Ash described, pavement turning to dirt as he crosses into the fields. Dust kicks up underneath his tires, and gravel pings against the undercarriage. Steadily, the smoke grows higher, until he spots flames licking the sky. Several cars are parked just feet away, most of them unfamiliar, but the three from the dorm sitting among them. Music plays from the Mustang’s stereo, something twangy but with bass and sounding like an abomination to the genre.
Dean regards him with a noise, but faintly, Castiel still feels him linger, his presence infuriatingly constant. “C’mon, don’t lie to me like that,” Dean mumbles, somewhat sad. A hand smooths down the curve of Castiel’s shoulder, the touch disappearing just as quickly as it began. “You ever wanna get some fresh air, you know where to find me.”
“Just felt weird.” Dean shakes his head and pulls up a stool, setting it beside Castiel’s chair. “Sam’s coming in next week. He wants a pair of ravens on his shoulders.”
“I’m here.” Gingerly, Castiel pulls Dean in by the nape, and Dean falls, pliable, eager. Their lips meet, a soft press that Castiel feels down to his toes. Dean tilts his head, lips parted just the slightest, and Castiel feels him give, feels his body relax down to his core.
“Mrs. Winchester—”
“Oh, the college.” Penny scoffs and waves her hand aimlessly. “All they’re doing is filling your head with things you can’t use. See, your cousin Michael went to seminary with his wife, and they’ve got a congregation in Lee County. I remember when you were just a little boy”—she pinches his cheek—“and you used to talk about angels and Jesus all day. We thought that’d be you, up there just like your grandpa, preachin’ to everyone in town.” Shrugging, she hikes her purse up around her shoulder. “But I’m sure you’ll do something useful. What’re you going for?”
Utterly mundane—unlike what he has plans for.
And worst of all, is that Dean would let him. Barely a week together, and Castiel craves him. Dean’s very touch sends shivers across his skin, and just looking at him, Castiel’s heart seizes, like Dean is the most magnificent thing ever created. He shouldn't lust for him, but Dean looks at him like he understands, and Castiel wants to know him in return, down to the sounds he could make if they were alone.
“Hey,” Dean croaks, then clears his throat. Castiel looks up, lowering his arms. He shouldn't. He really shouldn't, but Castiel is flesh and blood and only a few feet away, and Dean has a craving, one he’s never been able to fulfill. “Can you just—come here?”
And isn’t that a story. “My death wasn't an accident,” Dean starts. With gloved fingers, he plucks each bullet from its sheath and plops it into the water, letting it sit until it fully hardens. “Someone thought they could kick start the apocalypse by killing a ‘pure soul’ or some shit, but it turns out, Armageddon’s just a myth.”
It isn’t. But that was the plan Chuck set out, and none of the angels questioned it, even now.
“Dean.” Castiel touches his ankle. With shaking fingers, Dean takes his hand.
The longer he waits, the tighter his stomach clenches, his lungs fighting for air he doesn’t need. His heart pounds in his chest, and his fingers ache to move, to fidget. Yet, he sits still, waiting for the inevitable moment that feels like it will never come. All of this has been for nothing. He drove all the way to Florida on a wild goose chase, hoping that he might stand in the presence of the man he admired for so long, the man he lost.
“But Dean just—He ran.” She holds the tissues to her eyes. “And now he’s here—”
Cute, maybe. On him, they’re dangerous.
“That he loved me.” Dean rubs the back of his neck. “That he still does.”
Castiel chuckles, letting his touch fall away. Reluctantly, Dean steps back and wanders toward the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. He switches on the light and shrugs his jeans and briefs off, leaving them piled up on the floor. Someone took the time to put a fresh pair of clothes on the lip of the sink. Tucked between his shirt and shorts, he finds a yellow Post-it note reading
“I know.” Dean sniffles, snot clogging his sinuses. Castiel knows that if he touches Dean’s face, he’ll find tears wetting his cheeks. “But I have to. Just—tell me you’re gonna be here?”
Food helps the immediate ache. In the wake, Dean returns to his bed, sprawled out on his front while he taps on the keyboard, retyping the same sentence until his eyes cross. “Do you ever just wanna throw this thing out the window?” he asks and rolls onto his back, covering his eyes with arm. “I don’t even know what I’m doing, man.”
Bobby’s brow furrows. “He’s not a job,” he says, standing on arthritic knees. “He’s not a mission, son. He’s my boy, and he’s been my boy for most of his life. I took care of him after what happened to his mother, and when John ran off on whatever hunt he found. He’s had a lot of hurt in his life, and I don’t wanna see someone else waltz in and dump him as soon as they’ve got their use out of him.”
What he can do, though, is fly.
“Right.” Shiloh kicks at a floorboard, sending a broken nail skittering across the floor. “Hey, when was your first kiss?”
“Shh.” Squeezing Dean’s hand, Castiel presses it to his lips, then his forehead in prayer. “I don’t have the answers you want, but we’ll figure this out.”
“I’m gonna do something stupid,” he says, watching Castiel blink.
Castiel shakes his head. “He got a call last night, but he didn’t elaborate before he left.” He pulls Dean’s phone free, handing it to Benny. The screen managed to stay intact, despite the impact. “He left his phone.”
“I won’t,” Castiel says, mildly affronted. “I’m not interested in killing people I’ve barely met.”
“Storm probably took it out,” Sam offers. “Figure we can scrap the wood for something, maybe build a garage?”
him, and not exclusively as a friend. “You’re sure?” he asks, watching Dean nod. “How long have you…”
Dean closes his eyes, a tear slipping free. Castiel kisses it away, tasting the salt on his tongue. “You didn’t have to make me a quilt to tell me that,” he says, his laugh falling flat.
“Forsyth,” Castiel says. “It was the closest hospital they could bring you to.” Silence. Again and again, Castiel kisses his hand, lips wet with his tears. “Do you remember what happened?”
“I think that’s part of the business.” Castiel pets through his hair, raking his nails across Dean’s scalp. “We’re going to Vegas, and I’d like you to come with us. It’d be great for your fans to see you, but I… We want you there.”
“Yeah,” Dean croaks. Opening his eyes, he glances toward the faucet, then further down, where Castiel parts his legs open at the ankle. His hand sinks lower, so close to where Dean wants it—has wanted it for the past hour, but Castiel refuses to entertain him. At first touch, Dean nearly bucks into his fist, but Castiel keeps him still. “Cas—”
Dean sets his duffel down by the dresser and shucks off his coat, tossing it into the lone recliner. Castiel closes the door behind them and head straight for the bathroom. The sink runs, then shuts off, and he returns, drying his face with a washrag. Dean steps in afterward and closes the door. On the other side, the television switches on, and muted by the noise of the shower, Dean listens to Castiel flipping through the channels.
“But there’s something wrong with him?” Dean counters, and Castiel rolls his eyes.
. Each time, Dean huffs a noise, his toes curling, heels thumping into Castiel’s tailbone. Against his stomach, his cock drools, just as hard as before and more than willing for another go. “Cas,” Dean pants, his eyes rolling back. “
Shakily, Sam nods. “I just don’t know why,” he says, palms pressed into his eyes. “Why then, after all we went through, why you had to die like that. You—we’re still kids, man. We never got the chance to be normal, and then you…” He shakes his head, coming up for air. His eyes shine in the moonlight, his smile broken. “I’m graduating next year.”
Sweater in hand, Castiel thumbs over the topmost button, acutely aware of the tremors that haven’t quite dissipated since this morning.
“More like five.” Anyika takes both of his hands, pressing her thumbs square to the middle of his palms. “What, you thought I’d let him possess me? Angels are outside of my expertise, but my mother used to summon them. I’ve never braved learning her spells.”
In her absence, Dean tears into his plate—a triple stack of pancakes with country-fried steak slathered in gravy—and doesn’t come up for air until the unease in his stomach settles and he feels somewhat more human. Orange juice helps, as well. Castiel steals the syrup bottle from Dean and slathers his eggs with it.
Sam’s face falls—all the answer he needs. “Something happened.”
“Just Penny, baby,” she says. She pats his shoulders, her gaze turning solemn. “Gosh, it’s good to see you. We’ve been missing you in church. All your daddy does is talk about how grown up you are now, too old to see your family.”
Silence. Then, “Come here,” and Castiel can’t disobey.
“You’re tellin’ me.” Dean shoves his hands in his pockets, biting his lip. “Never exactly learned how to cope in a way that didn't involve alcohol or pills or…”
“No.” One by one, Castiel kisses his knuckles, then his palm, like his kiss can heal. “I’d miss you, and your mother. Your friends would lament your loss, because you brought light into their lives with your presence. You care, even when you shouldn’t. Even when the world throws its worst at you, you persevere, and you love, and that’s why everyone is drawn to you. That’s why it makes it so hard to hate you, because you’re too easy to love.”
“Not all of us are.” Under the table, Dean nudges his foot. “We’ll get you a new coat, if you want. Last one wasn't exactly you, anyway.”
“I’ll come to you,” he promises, meeting Dean’s gaze. “Whenever you call, I’ll be there to watch over you.”
“It’s—it’s weird.” He slumps against the hood, digging his heels into the earth. “We’re not even dating, but he’s… It’s nice to just talk to someone. Benny and the guys are fine, but they’re not…” He stops, leaning his head back. “I’m just so… angry, mom. All the time, about dad, about us, about… everything. And ever since he showed up, I’ve been… I can sleep, knowing he’s there. He listens to me bitch and he doesn’t tell me I’m a fucking idiot for feeling things.”
“I’d certainly hope not,” Castiel chuckles. His voice drops, and the mattress dips at his side, Castiel pressing in closer. “Dean, what are you trying to ask me?”
Castiel nods. He carries a chair over from the room next door and plops it beside Dean’s. A crack runs through the seat, and a chunk of the back is missing, but it works. Somehow. “It appears that it was abandoned in the medical center parking lot across town, and a tow company moved it a few months later, after discovering that the vehicle hadn’t been occupied. There were bloodstains on the backseat, according to the police report.”
“You’re supposed to let me—” Dean starts—
Castiel stifles a groan at first touch, and Dean wouldn’t expect any less. Teasing, Dean traces his tongue up the veiny underside while Castiel shivers and tugs his hair by the root. The pain goes straight to Dean’s cock, tenting his briefs. Rutting against the sheets only alleviates the need somewhat, though it’s not nearly enough to get him off. This isn’t about him, anyway. This is about Castiel and the way he breathes, the way he pulls and scratches at Dean’s skin in an attempt to get him closer, where he wants Dean the most.
Dean smirks, eyes hooded. “Don’t see you doing much of anything.”
Castiel takes the side bedroom with a window facing the neighbor across the street. He doesn’t own much aside from his bed and a few boxes, but they’re his things, collected from the Bunker’s library and on his travels. Most of them, he kept hidden out of sight, not out of fear, but because he never quite made himself at home in Lebanon. Tensions always ran high, and more often than not, Castiel lived out of his car when things between him and Dean reached a peak.
“I know.” In the scant space between them, Dean reaches over to touch his bicep. Sam shivers, but calms. “Look, we… Me and Cas figured it out. We put Lilith down, and that’s it. Show’s over, book’s finished. We’re… We’re done. Y’know, except for getting the angels off Cas’ back.”
Dean kisses him—or, bites him, really, but Castiel can’t bring himself to care, not while he climbs higher, brought to the verge by Dean’s touch and by his heat, how easily he gives in. His touch alone could tempt even the most chaste of creatures into sin, and Castiel gave in without hesitation, enrapt by the light of his soul, by the adoration in his hands. Orgasm feels like a blessing, and Castiel basks in it, his wings spread to their full breadth, his hips driving in, as deep as he can go. Dean praises him, and Castiel falls, sinking, seeking Dean out at his core.
“You’re right, I don’t have to.” Reaching into his back pocket, he pulls three twenties from his wallet. “I want to. Even if you don't wear it, it reminds you of your mother, and that’s enough of a reason.”
Several of his playmates from back then left town as soon as they could, leaving Dean alone, aside from his handful of friends from high school. Hopefully these kids fare better when they grow old enough to remember, and part of him hopes that they’ll at least remember him, like he does Mrs. Moseley.
In the daylight, Castiel takes in the scenery of the Florida coast, from its white sand to the beachgrass that grows alongside the road. Salt air whips in through the open windows of the Impala, cool but warming with the rising sun. In the dark, all he could see was the moon looming over the water and Dean at his side, his existence boiled down to what he could touch, could feel, could see.
“Oh, so it’s a girl,” Dean chides and slaps Sam’s arm. Sam hides his grin, a flush high on his cheeks. “Shacking up with the high priestess, Sammy.”
“I’m nervous,” Castiel rasps, earning a smile from Dean.
“Just…” With another sigh, Castiel feels Dean’s hold slip. Not quite dejected, but understanding, like a child scorned for good reason. Castiel consoles him and pulls the last of his Grace free. His hand sits atop Dean’s chest, where his heart beats slowly and a warm flush paints his skin from underneath his shirt. Gradually, Dean opens his eyes, the faintest edge of tears painting the corners. Castiel kisses them away, and Dean laughs, attempting to hide his face. “God, you’re a sap.”
“Can I run some ideas by you?” Jack asks, rocking on his heels. “I have a plan, but I wanted to ask you and Dean, and Sam. Where is Sam?”
Reluctantly, Dean pulls away from Rowena’s embrace and looks at Castiel’s body, at the near-invisible rise and fall of his chest. Gently—more tender than Dean has ever seen her—Rowena takes one of Castiel’s hands and turns his palm. Her brow furrows, lips pursed in thought. “How did you find him again, dear?”
“Dean.” Leaning over, Castiel presses a kiss to his split lips. “You don’t understand how wrong you are.”
Slowly, looking just as exhausted as Dean feels, Castiel turns to face him, both legs pulled up onto the bed. “If a demon were to appear anywhere close to us, I would be able to locate them immediately. But it’s… quiet.”
“Sure of yourself, aren’t you?” Dean joshes.
He doesn’t feel the tears tracking down his cheeks until he pulls into an empty gas station parking lot. Even then, he ignores them and closes his eyes, forehead pressed to the steering wheel. As an afterthought, he shutters the engine, silence engulfing the Impala save for his own breathing, and the rustling fabric on the other side of the bench.
“You sure going east is a good idea?” Dean asks, later, standing beside Sam’s Taurus. From the porch, Castiel watches them talk. This isn’t his place to interject. Sam suffered through mourning his brother, and Dean convinced himself that Sam left for good. “Pretty sure Panama City’s better to chill out for the summer.”
“Castiel,” Dean interrupts. “Castiel Milton.”
Dean brightens even further. “C’mon, say it.”
, Dean thinks, the gravity of the situation sinking in.
“I don't think it’d take much convincing,” Castiel says. Turning his head, he opens one eye. “Have you talked to him?”
He could. Castiel has every reason to kill Dean, from his disobedience to
Chewing his lip, Dean closes his eyes. “I can’t hunt, Cas. I’m… I couldn't even save myself. My dad was one of the best, and he tried to beat that into me every day, and I
In the dark, Dean’s key ring jingles until the door latch finally gives. They head inside, Dean setting the keys to the side while Castiel steps into the living room, decorated with a couch and an armchair both facing a small, boxy television. To the left is a door to the kitchen, and beyond that, a small eating nook, both facing the street. Two bedrooms look out over the ocean, located down a short hallway, with a half bath at the very end.
“Dealer’s choice,” Dean says, handing it over. “Did everything myself, so you can tell me if it’s shit.”
“I’ve got a beer can collection,” Garth announces to no one, his glass raised. Red sloshes over the edge. Crowley scowls, chewing furiously. “Castee—Cassie, I’m gonna take you out shootin’ next weekend.”
“They’re fine.”
“They told me to go to a barn about five miles from here. Two of them, and you weren’t there.”
And Dean kisses him before he can complain or ask
“No,” Sam laughs. “Just—the bunker’s not really a home. I know you moved out the first chance you got, but I wanted to stick it out, to man the phones and help the other hunters. But the generator’s starting to lose power, and the pipes are breaking left and right, and… I think it’s time.”
And the room disappears. Rather than the humidity, all he feels is the cold, bitter chill of winter amid a sea of nothing. Blackness as far as he can see. His feet make no sound. He claps, once, and hears the echo reverberate for seconds at a time. Part of him wonders if it would go on forever, but he doesn't have time to find out. If he truly does have five minutes, then he needs to move.
“Heaven and Hell called a truce,” Castiel says by way of explanation. “Neither side has plans to start a war, nor do they plan on creating human casualties in the process.”
. “There’s a monastery about a mile from here,” Dean says, taking Castiel into his fist. Castiel hisses through his teeth, hips thrusting up into Dean’s grip. “We need to head out?”
“I cut off his wings,” Dean croaks. Tears scorch his face; all he wants to do is drown in them. “I cut him down, and he fell, and—”
“I’ve never done this,” Castiel says instead. Insistent, he tugs at Dean’s shoulders, his hair, anything he can get his hands on.
Snorting, Dean waves a hand at him. “
“They can’t wage a war without their hosts,” Castiel finishes. “I’m sorry, Dean. If I knew Heaven’s plan sooner, I would’ve told you. But my raising of you wasn’t happenstance.”
Dean slams the trunk closed, then leans against the bumper, his arms crossed. “Nothing short of thinking about calling some people,” he says, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “My uncle—well, he’s not really my uncle, but he might as well be blood—lives up in South Dakota. Figured we could stay with him for a while, ‘s probably cheaper than bumming around in motels.”
Physically, Sam deflates, staggering. Castiel holds him up, gripping his bicep. “You shouldn't have to,” he says. “You’re supposed to be looking for the angels, you don’t need to run back here every time one of us gets hurt.”
Castiel’s eyes shine in the burgeoning sunlight, wet at the edges. Gentle, Castiel wipes the corner of Dean’s eye, his thumb coming away wet.
And Dean takes the only option he knows. “Then get in the car.”
His palms heal as Dean lets up the pressure. In the interim, Dean kisses him, and Castiel takes him by the hair, petting through the short strands. Through closed eyelids, Castiel can still see his soul, can feel how it tugs at his Grace in demand of more. Around the seam, fresh growth begins to form, slivers at a time. Most don't survive, but others hang on, beginning to build what Castiel can only call scar tissue.
“I said I was giving them an early start to Labor Day,” Castiel says into Dean’s neck. Pulling back, he kisses the rise of Dean’s cheek, feeling him soften in his arms. “How are you feeling?”
And Dean kissed him in a moment of weakness, something he never thought he’d ever do with another man. Guilt sours in his gut, an entirely different kind of fear beginning to fester.
“All I’m saying is think about it.” On the other end, Sam huffs his way through a sigh. “Are you heading back home? Or do I need to I come down and meet you?”
The only map he can find in the entire station is a folding map of the entire state of Illinois. Walking outside with a bottle under his arm, Dean looks for any trace of a street sign or a landmark, but ultimately finds nothing. Nothing, save for a golden behemoth of a Cadillac, rusting under the station’s awning. Better than having to walk.
Night comes, and Dean can’t sleep, despite the ache in his temple. Not because in the other room, Castiel is sprawled out on the couch, or standing on the porch, or even wandering the sand.
“Castiel, yes.” Mary sweeps Castiel into her arms and presses a lipstick-laden kiss to his cheek. “Dean’s told me so much about you. I can’t get him to stop, actually.” She pats his shoulders as she backs away. Her smile is infectious. Castiel can see where Dean got it from. “I got your old room all ready, Dean.”
On the other side of the door is a man with a certifiable mullet, untamed and draped over his shoulders. His smile meets his eyes, youthful in a way Castiel wishes he was. Someone ripped the shoulders off his leather jacket, his apparent vest covering what looks to be a George Strait t-shirt. The door across the hall sits wide open, the music from within even louder. Good, he doesn’t have to go hunting for the culprit, then.
Rowena doesn’t waste time. Part of Dean is grateful, while the other half wishes she never answered him. Dean offers her his knife and watches her draw a sigil into each hand and foot, counteracting the marks engraved into his skin. The lines spark and close, leaving behind unblemished skin. Still, Castiel sleeps, never once making a sound, even after Rowena offers her condolences and leaves.
“I gotta—” Dean fumbles to hang up, ending up dropping his phone. It bounces on a corner; before it lands, Dean flings open the screen door and stomps down the steps. Castiel calls for him, but Dean ignores him and climbs into the front seat of the Impala. In a moment of forgetfulness, he left his keys in the passenger seat—in a moment of clarity, he considers it a gift and cranks the ignition to a sputtering start. He reverses down the driveway, sending gravel flying, and in the fading distance, he finds Castiel watching him, waiting for an answer that Dean can’t give him.
Castiel wishes him goodnight and sits in the quiet of his absence. The train dissipates after a moment, and a lone cicada buzzes, too exhausted to wail. In a town this small, all it would take is him walking off into the woods, and no one would think to look for him. He could disappear into the night and never be seen again, and no one would be there to mourn or wonder why. In any other city, the police would spend taxpayer dollars to find and rescue a missing child in an instant.
Desperately, Dean thinks back as far as he can. To the restaurant outside of Chicago, and the motel he booked for the night with Sam. They were supposed to head south in the morning, meet up with Bobby about a rogue vamp terrorizing the locals a few towns over. After that is fuzzy—something got the jump on them, broke through the barn wall and took Dean down with one hit. He never saw what hit him, and no one down there would tell him how he died, either.
At some point, Dean abandons the knife and spends his time kissing up Castiel’s legs, kneading the muscles of his thighs, palming his hips. Gentle lips press to the trail of hair leading beyond his waistband, where his length tents the fabric, mere inches from Dean’s lips. “When you come,” Dean asks, nose pressed against the warm rise of him, “is it Grace? Or are you human like the rest of us?”
The rest of the property, from what he can see, is vast. The home sits in a clearing, surrounded by pines and oaks, shielded from passersby. A mile on either side from any road—just where a place like this should be. It’s been well-taken care of, considering. An idea flutters through Dean’s mind, but he shoves it down. Just another fantasy. Right now, finding Castiel is top priority.
Nearly midnight, and Dean lies on his side, watching Castiel sleep soundly in the opposite bed, only his hair and eyes visible. Overhead, the ceiling fan rotates, and the standing fan oscillates. Oddly, he wants another slice of pie from the fridge, but given the hour, he might as well go back to sleep.
Frantic, the person paddles until the canoe butts up against the island. Yet, they don’t move. For a long few minutes, Castiel can’t help but stare as well, at the haunted eyes lit by the moon, the tension in his hands. Shaking, he stands and jumps from the canoe, landing in the soft earth. “Cas,” he croaks, and Castiel’s eyes well. “Cas—”
That, Castiel doesn’t know. After having spent an eternity isolated among the Spheres, though, no part of him wants to return, even if that means wandering the earth for the rest of his life. “I’d rather concentrate on the now,” he says instead. “But to answer your question, I don’t have any plans at the moment to return.”
Slowly, Dean opens his eyes and finds the blankets over his head, light filtering in through the thin fabric. Steadily, keys clack on a keyboard, stopping every few seconds and starting again. No rhythm or reason, just noise. It would lull him to sleep if it were any other morning.
And what a
Sometime after midnight, he passed out and only woke when Castiel disappeared, six hours later. More than he’s had in a long while, but still less than he needs. Exhaustion gnaws at him, and his nightmare weighs him down, begging him to crawl back into bed. But he and Castiel have things to do, like walking to the junkyard on the other side of town, and if he even dares to try to nap, he won’t wake up for hours, or even days.
“But there’s good there, too.” Castiel tangles their legs together, ankles crossed and cold toes brushing. Between them, Sonia wrenches away from Castiel and leaves, apparently dissatisfied with the noise; she jumps over Dean atop the covers, followed by a thud and a scurry, and the tinkling of bells from down the hall. “Dean, look at me.”
“It’s more comfortable than my armor,” Castiel says. “I can’t feel the temperature. I could, but I choose not to.”
Wind spills through the lone willow along the banks, its branches swaying in the breeze. “I’m finishing my teaching degree,” Dean says. He slides off the hood and joins Castiel on the ground, his box set to the side. “I wanna teach kindergarten. I’m good with kids, so I figured it’d be easy if I end up stuck here for the rest of my life. I’m doing student teaching this semester, and then I graduate in December.”
“Adam’s coming up right beside you,” Castiel says in his ear, gravely as ever, distorted by radio static. Gripping the wheel, Dean glances out of his side view at the red 47 gaining speed. “You need to move right, he’s gunning for you.”
“You heard from Sam?” Dean asks, finishing the words with a swig.
The look Castiel gives him could frighten a toddler, or an unprepared cat. Dean laughs, nearly spitting ice across the table. “It wasn’t bad.”
Dean laughs for the first time in what feels like days. “Want some eggs with your sugar?”
“I can’t believe you’d—I can’t—” Dean tries for the first time in hours. “We had a plan, Cas. We had a fucking plan, and you—You were in on this.”
Six is probably manageable, but ten, Castiel doubts that he could take on alone. The nest moves closer to the staircase leading into the loft. “I’m not gonna die here,” Dean says to himself, his jaw tight. “I’m not gonna die here, I’m not—”
Sam shakes his head, wet hair flying in every direction. “Talk to me, Dean. Or I can push you under—”
Granted when he arrived last night, he barely had the wherewithal to take stock of his surroundings before he fell into bed, his Grace falling away enough to let him sleep and recharge. The night passes outside, and for most of it, Castiel sleeps in the same position, with his socks on and coat halfway off. By the time he wakes, the sun is already high in the sky, baking the Kansas landscape with its midsummer heat.
“’Cause I’m the vessel, right?” Looking up, Dean holds himself tighter. Chills race up his spine, his stomach sour. “And if I’m supposed to be Michael, then Sam’s—”
. “Maybe I’m lucky?”
At first, Castiel just breathes on him, long, heated puffs that make him twitch. Castiel takes him in hand, giving him a loose, easy stroke before Dean feels the scrape of stubble against him, sending a violent shiver up his spine. He nearly screams—not from pain, but from want, precome bubbling free and smearing across Castiel’s cheek. “You like this,” Castiel whispers. He kisses up the length of him, soothing the sting. “You want this.”
Vastly, he prefers freeform jazz to whatever
“Too quiet,” Dean says, to Castiel’s nod. Just what he wants to hear, that all of the demons in America are too scared to come within a hundred mile radius. “They know you’re here?”
Mainly, Castiel’s pecs. And Castiel clutches him in turn, not even the slightest bit winded. Castiel presses his palm to the center of the brand, his fingers lining up perfectly; a spark erupts and surges through Dean’s core, igniting the Grace in his blood. “Commune with me,” Castiel says as his eyes flash blue. “Feed.”
The sun rises in the east, set off to the side, facing the long stretch of white sand. Castiel stands along the shore, his coat abandoned on the porch and his bare toes in the sand. Stingrays swim their way through the current, occasionally flapping and sending water flying into the air. Dolphins breach by the sandbar. A seagull eyes him from a dozen feet away, wondering if he brought food.
Dean’s voice grows louder from the kitchen, muffled as he talks. Whatever he says, Castiel can’t discern, even after he walks into the room to find Dean at Bobby at the dining table—and a woman standing by the sink, her arms crossed and blue eyes locked on his own.
Castiel, thankfully, keeps his touch above the waist, his thumb working Dean’s nipple to a peak. Dean smothers his moan into another kiss, his shiver turning to a tremor. Only then does Castiel pull away, concern knitting his brow. “Are you alright?”
, as long as Castiel stays.
Dean sucks in a breath, then lets it out. “As I’ll ever be.”
Castiel balks, his tongue caught. “Is that pertinent?”
Sam, meanwhile, stumbles and falls to the floor, out cold.
“Dean is your friend.” Castiel stands up straighter, his thumbs tucked into his pockets. “You saw how he struggled, you’ve seen how hurt he is. Why didn’t you—”
, Castiel thinks, his vision swimming, his eyes wet.
“Your promotion stands,” she says. Her face softens as she looks down at Dean, genuine empathy in her eyes. “Watch over him, Castiel.”
Dean is a man on a mission, Castiel finds. When it comes to cooking, especially. Seated at the kitchen table, he watches Dean roam the room, checking the burners and fishing ingredients from the refrigerator when need be. Apparently, he’s making soup, or so he claims; whatever it is smells good, and Bobby checks in every few minutes, like his presence will make the pot boil faster.
Admittedly, about far less tame things, but thinking nonetheless. After a minute of silence, Dean strips the covers off and pads across the room. Exhausted as he is, his adrenaline still attempts to spike, leaving him lightheaded as he knees his way onto Castiel’s mattress, straddling his waist. That same blue eye looks up at him, one then two as Castiel rolls onto his back. Confusion furrows his brow, deepening when Dean fists the pillows behind Castiel’s head.
Midway through the dig, the clouds begin to build, offering a brief solace from the heat. Dean sits along the edge of the pit while Castiel digs, shoveling pile after pile of dirt and tossing it over his shoulder. His shirt clings to his skin, his coat thrown off to the side and his suit jacket over his head, in a vain attempt to escape the worst of the sun. Dean hides under the shadow of his coat, a water bottle between his knees and his head in his hands.
Kissing him eases his fears. Soon, Dean touches him with intent, his kiss ardent, his hand stroking Castiel’s length in full. “Haven’t done this in a while,” Dean says, husky.
Their final morning in the bunker is almost a month later. A month too late, in Dean’s opinion. September rolled into October while they waited, the leaves already turned vibrantly red and fallen, scattering like dust in the wind.
“I woke up,” Dean starts, pinching his eyes shut. “Ate, got in the car. Called you, let you know I was on my way, and you said that NBC was on the way to interview me for the pre-race. So I got there, I parked…” He waves a shaking hand. “That’s it.”
“Not to me.” He grips Dean’s hand and kisses the center of his palm. He tastes like latex and the undeniable tang of spilled ink. “I’m well aware of the sentimentality of leaving a mark behind.”
“He’s a good soldier,” Hannah says. Her eyes linger on Dean’s face for a long moment before they dart lower, settling on his shoulder. “Oh, you marked him.”
And unfortunately, Bobby is right. Castiel runs his fingers through his hair, aware that Dean is watching his every move. “Which is why I plan to see this through myself,” he says. “The longer we sit and wait, the more Dean could be in danger if Hell discovers his disappearance.”
Castiel comes to him during the second week of Dean’s stay, a heavy look in his eyes and a permanent slump to his shoulders. He’s tired, exhausted in a way that Dean feels the longer he sits in this bed, and Dean can’t do anything to help him.
But someone else beat him to it. Said someone sits on the top step, head in his hands and a backpack between his knees. Dean would recognize that back anywhere. “Hey,” he whispers, watching Castiel lift his head. Quiet, he slides into the spot next to him, setting his bag down on the bottom step. Castiel wishes him a good morning with a nod. Dark circles mar the skin under his eyes, and stubble grows in thick across his jaw, peppering beneath his nose. “You look like shit, man.”
“Yeah,” Dean mutters. More than alright, but next weekend is far away. Speaking of—“Hey, you wanna come with me to Atlanta?” He sits up, mindful of his cock as it tents the front of his pants. Castiel doesn’t pay it any attention, unfortunately. “Me and Charlie are going to this sci-fi con—”
Castiel pulls over a rolling chair and sits at his side. Repeatedly, he opens his mouth, then closes it, the words dying before they make it past his lips. “What happened to me?” Dean asks, his throat raw. The actual incident can wait—what’s wrong with
Castiel blinks at him, a tear forming in the corner of his eye. Not the first time Dean has ever seen him cry, but it breaks his heart every time. “When the season’s over,” he starts, sounding like a decision. “When everything’s over, we’ll figure it out. I promise, Dean, we’ll…” He ducks his head, and Dean kisses his forehead. “Would you believe me, if I said I’ve been rehearsing for this moment for years? And I forgot everything I wanted to say.”
Immediately and before Dean can begin to explain, the man grabs the bottle Dean spoke of and splashes him with it, leaving Dean spluttering water onto the porch. “Jesus Christ, I’m not a demon, Bobby.”
Dean walked away, something his father never could—but at what cost?
“The coven shouldn't be too far from here,” Castiel whispers. “How many children were taken?”
Right.
“Probably,” Dean snorts. “It vibrated.”
All the while, Castiel travels at his side, never bothering to speak. He squints in the sunlight and walks like he’s on a mission, single-minded but cognizant of his surroundings. Dean recognizes it as vigilance. Not that a demon will pop out and attack them in the middle of nowhere Illinois, but it doesn't hurt, either.
“But do you enjoy it?” Castiel reaches over and takes Dean’s abandoned magazine, flipping through the pages, like he’s reading Cosmo instead of the hottest hunks of the nineties. Dean flushes just watching him. “I know you, Dean. I know it’s the first home you’ve ever had that’s felt like your own space, but is convenience worth more than your mental health?” Setting it aside, Castiel joins him, hip cocked against the washing machine. Hesitant, he brushes his fingers down the line of Dean’s jaw, the first touch he’s willingly given since this morning. “There’s nothing left to fight. Don’t you think you’ve earned this?”
A few dozen feet ahead, the shape of a car comes into view, the first sign of life in minutes. Only, the car doesn’t face him—it sits diagonally, the rear lights on and the front end crumpled. The same fear Castiel felt last night springs to life in an instant the second he spots the license plate, and the remains of a sizeable buck lying in the road, half under the front end of the car with its antlers broken from the impact.
An hour passes in silence, the heavy weight of Castiel’s thoughts permeating the stale air of the Impala. Dean dozes in the interim, his temple to the window and his hands in his lap. The world fades for a few blissful minutes, his dreams dark and formless—until Castiel shifts, and Dean opens an eye.
And all at once, he rips away. Castiel blinks, watching a tear spill from Dean’s eye. “Don’t,” Dean mutters, wobbling. He wipes his face, his eyes red-rimmed and wide. He won’t be able to hide the tears. Castiel wishes he would stay. “Don’t say anything, please—”
, Dean wants to say.
Dean lives about an hour from Panama City Beach. At night, the drive took ages. Days later, and Castiel misses most of it, too lost in his head to notice anything other than Dean and his occasional shy smile. The city comes into view, silence replaced with the noise of the crowds, even for eight in the morning. The shop isn’t open today, according to the sign in the window, but Dean unlocks the door anyway, leading Castiel inside before turning the latch.
“Every time I come in here,” Dean says further into the store, away from the cashier and anyone he might know, “I look at this necklace.” He leads Castiel to a stall in the back, filled with handmade jewelry and some antique pieces. Gingerly, Dean picks up a length of gold chain with a small garnet pendant hanging from the center. Castiel takes it, thumbing over the stone; it gleams under the fluorescents, but would look infinitely better in the sunlight. The price tag isn’t much for him, but for Dean, it might as well be a week of meals. “My mom gave me one like it when I was a kid, but y’know, ‘boys don’t wear necklaces.’” He scoffs, looking down at his shoes.
“Uh-uh, I didn't hit him, he ran out in front of me.” He sits up straighter, holding his ribs. Everything hurts, now that the painkillers are wearing off. Hopefully he can make it another hour before he bursts into tears and crawls into bed for the day.
Alastair must heal him, because the horrible noises start over again. The shouting, the slice of knife through skin, all of it tears into Castiel even harsher than the warding.
Castiel doesn’t answer, not immediately. He leaves the bed and walks into the bathroom, leaning against the door jamb. “A year,” he says. Plain as day—an entire year. “Time operates differently. A year here is a hundred there.” In the mirror, Dean watches him sigh. If only he could forgive Castiel. “We tried, Dean. But angels can’t just barrel into Hell without reason. You saw my wings.”
The bed sinks. Looking up, Dean finds Castiel sitting next to his head; his hand cradles Dean’s cheek at an odd angle, his fingers pressing into the underside of his jaw. “You are,” he assures.
Dean did the impossible—he taught an angel to love, and that angel turned around and loved him in return.
Dean doesn’t get back in the car until Talladega. By sheer luck, he sneaks into the final eight, then the final four. Adam attempts to plow through him on the last lap at Phoenix Raceway, but Dean corrects himself and slams his foot on the accelerator, hurdling past the line with barely an inch to spare. It goes down to the photo finish—
And Dean—Dean smiles, so beautiful, so bright. “Well, I do a lot of things I shouldn't.”
“Lame.” Dean sits up, despite every one of his muscles fighting for him to stay down. Driving has never hurt this bad before, not in a long, long while. Another thing he’ll have to get used to, everyday aches and pains. “Hey, can I draw you?”
—but Castiel does. And that, more than anything, terrifies him.
Bobby looks him over, then scrubs his beard. “You boys thirsty?”
“Dean,” Mary Winchester says and pulls him into her arms, her nails sinking into his shirt. Dean hugs her back just as fiercely, no longer able to hold back his tears. “I left as soon as I got your text.”
“Whatever Jack’s got planned for Heaven,” Dean says in a lull, eyes half-lidded, “I don’t wanna see it for a long, long time.”
“That’s beside the point.” Naomi wanders for a few seconds before finding another perch, leaning up against the unused roll top desk in the corner. “One of our sources divulged a critical detail that may explain some of Mr. Winchester’s cause of death.”
, he prays, balling his hands into fists.
“What I’m going to suggest is tantamount to blasphemy,” Castiel says. “But it may be the only chance we have.” He rubs his palms across his slacks. “I’m committing myself to death if my superiors find out about it.”
And all at once, the dread fades just as quickly as it arrives. Falling onto the mattress, Dean stares up at the ceiling, heart pounding against his ribs. Castiel crawls under the sheets and drags Dean flush, and a sudden weight envelops him, heavier than Castiel’s arm. Glancing over his shoulder, he finds nothing, but the heat is there, keeping him pinned. So unlike the fear that bogged him down just seconds before. This is holy, meant to protect.
“Still.” Dean looks down at his lap, tugging the sleeves of his sweatshirt down around his hands. “I shouldn’t’ve put that pressure on him. But you don’t just tell a guy who woke up from a coma that it’s just a fucking wreck.”
. The fight, the wrong turn, the—“My car,” he groans. “How’s Baby?”
Dean exhales, then shakes his head. “Buddy, you could be Barney the fucking dinosaur right now and I’d still love you.”
“Yeah, he told me.” Sitting back, Dean bites his thumbnail. “Said he transferred here ‘cause he’s doing his master’s thesis on gay kids in the South.”
Sitting on the toilet lid, Castiel admires him, how utterly peaceful he looks half-submerged in near-scalding water, his skin pink and the lines around his eyes relaxed. He reaches up to scratch his nose, then flicks water in Castiel’s direction, not even bothering to look.
“Don’t lie to me.” John shakes him, his teeth bared. “Should’a put you down when I had a chance. ‘Cause now you’re talk of the town, ‘bout you and your little whores. Couldn’t keep it in your pants, could you, you little—”
. Below it is a picture of two children sleeping in a hospital bed, one of them with his head bandaged, the other asleep in a onesie with only one sock. Below that, two names.
“That’s good,” Castiel says. “It’s good to see you again, Sam.”
“We got an early start,” Dean says through a yawn. He settles into the chair at Castiel’s side, succumbing to the urge to lay his head down on the cool wood. His bag, he drops at his side, forgotten. “Cas didn't wanna wait.”
Flushed, Dean buries his face into his pillow.
“I don’t really have an answer to that. But I felt… if I didn't do something, if I didn't try, then maybe some higher power might intervene. Dean, you have to understand.” Castiel lifts his hand, pressing his knuckles to his lips. “I don’t know how to describe it, but you hit the steering wheel with your chest. The impact should’ve killed you, but you walked away with a few broken ribs and a bruised lung. All I’m saying is, something brought me to where you were.”
“What’d he say?” Brushing his hair from his face, Sam gives him a look. The look Dean hates the most, when Sam wants him to spill his guts. Sad eyes, a pout—if only it didn't work.
That name.
“It wasn’t my intention.” Castiel edges closer, their shoulders brushing. Farther out, Sam disappears into the surf, resurfacing shortly after with his hair matted to his head. “I think, somewhere along the way, I stopped fighting it. For years, I berated myself for letting myself be so… weak, so human, but as soon as I accepted it…” He removes his shades, setting them over his knee. “I became free, Dean. Loving you allowed me to make sense of what I was fighting for, and above all, I wanted to protect you.”
“Did no one ever teach you patience?” Castiel chuckles. Hands come to rest around Dean’s hips, guiding in that last inch; Dean whines, clamping his fingers around the base of his cock. Too full, a wider stretch than he anticipated, and he still wants more. “I don’t plan on hurting you.”
“No,” Castiel replies, automatic. Benny’s chair falters, but continues rocking. “But I’m beginning to see the appeal.”
The closing hour comes. Over his head, the OPEN sign switches to CLOSED, most likely on a timer. Drawers open and shut, and the music playing through the speakers shuts off. Quiet resumes—footsteps echo, and Castiel’s heart rate skyrockets, adrenaline spiking.
Red paints Dean’s cheeks, spreading down to his neck. “Cas—”
Castiel opts to sit on the porch tonight, despite his desperate need for air conditioning. His chair creaks as he sits down. The streetlight flickers at the end of the driveway, and fireflies dance, blinking in a trance-like rhythm. The cicadas sleep.
“No.” Sitting, Castiel draws a knee up onto the bed. “No, you’re perfectly safe. I meant the circumstances of your soul after death. It appears…” He stops, his brow pinched as he chooses his words. “Your soul is inevitably bound for Heaven, both in the past and in the future. We only just discovered this after your case was reviewed in Heaven’s highest court.”
Colby is a small town, with large green spaces and modest houses, and an apparent auction house for livestock. By the time they arrive in the mid-afternoon, most of the townspeople are out visiting shops or neighbors, despite the gathering clouds on the horizon. Castiel smells the shift in the air, the one that signals a storm that neither of them need to be caught in.
“A few minutes ago,” Castiel answers. Dean feels eyes on the back of his neck as he crawls out of bed, in search of a pair of jeans that can stand another day without a wash. “You should probably eat before we begin the ritual.”
Castiel reaches for him without question, clasping Dean’s shoulders and dragging him in. Dean embraces him, his breath little more than hiccups. Jagged nails dig into his spine; he embraces the pain, a reminder that he’s alive, that Dean is here, with him once again. “I can feel you,” Castiel says, a hand in Dean’s hair. “Not like I used to.”
. All at once, the breath leaves his lungs, and the worst settles into his brain. This is it—Castiel really is dying, and there’s no way he can bring him back, not this time. God and Amara are hands off, and no amount of prayer will convince them to resurrect an angel just because Dean wants them to. “Rowena, don’t make me beg.”
Before Bobby leaves, he fishes a key ring from his pocket and tosses it to Dean. “There’s an entrance to the basement in the cellar. Look for the red lock. It’s warded against demons, but it should be fine for Castiel.”
. “She was my first car. I spent a year fixing her up, and now she’s probably in some junkyard getting scrapped.” Just what he wants to think about, someone ripping the engine out of one of the only good things in his life. “How big was the rack on that thing, anyway?”
Almost in reply, Dean glows brighter, casting Castiel in a white light that reveals their location. But no one comes. Below, the souls of the damned fight against the bitter wind, too caught up in their own suffering to notice the angel looming above. Whispering a prayer, Castiel holds Dean to his chest. This time when he strokes across the mass, Dean doesn’t shriek, nor does he shudder.
Mary smiles and pats his bicep. “I still have all my travel guides from when we all went. Come with me, I’ll show you.”
On every hunt, Dean prepares himself for the worst. Seeing bodies for a living is one thing, but over the years, he’s begun to emphasize with them, wondering what their last moments must have been like, especially with children. Half of him expects a nest of vampires to jump out at him, or a few rogue werewolves trying to find shelter from the storm.
, you’re big, man.”
Dean wiggles his ass, earning a stinging pat to his hip. A shudder rips up his spine, coming out as a moan. “Finger me?” he asks, turning his head into the pillows. “Just—move ‘em around, get me ready. Use your…”
“I used to go home and cry, when I was in high school,” Dean mutters. “When Mr. Adler took over. I mean, it was bad before, but I couldn't just walk out without outing myself.”
sits on his tongue, but the words won’t come. “You’re not a one-night-stand, alright?”
“C’mon,” Dean sighs and claps Castiel’s shoulder. His wounded one, just to see him wince. “Help me bring in these bags. Old man’s not gonna do anything he doesn't have to.”
With a hum, Castiel kisses the head, his tongue darting free. The anticipation will kill him long before Castiel ever sucks him off. Part of him wonders if it’s always like this, or if Castiel is toying him because he can. All Dean knows is that Castiel won’t stop kissing him, won’t stop stroking his cock or—“Do we need condoms?”
“And you won’t fail.” Naomi extends her hand, her palm up. Hesitant, Castiel takes it, his eyes pinched shut. “You’ve been given a task, and you haven’t deviated. You’re a good soldier, Castiel. I trust you’ll be able to see this through.”
“You think it’s related to the whole…” Dean motions to Castiel’s forehead.
“You wanna leave? Then fucking fine.” Anger fuels his movements more than adrenaline, more than anything. He knocks Castiel’s shoulder on the way to the stairs, teeth clenched, heart throbbing in his chest. Last contact—Castiel will probably leave as soon as he heads upstairs, and that’s fine. It’s
But Alastair isn’t here, and Castiel is in the other room.
“Don’t let him vomit on the carpet,” Eileen says, which would be funny, given any other circumstances. As it is, Sam can barely look at Dean some days without wondering how on earth he’s supposed to help mend what’s permanently broken.
He looks awful—he feels even worse, and even after he pops four Ibuprofen and stitches up the wound, he’s still lightheaded. Waning adrenaline, a feeling he knows all too well—and Dean barely makes it to the couch before he slumps into the cushions, the storm raging on, but the rest of the world silent, dark.
It takes Castiel a full year to break into Hell.
And Dean rounds on him the second he makes it into the room, hands to Castiel’s shoulders, all of Dean’s strength in his arms. One second, his feet are on solid ground—the next, Castiel looks up at the ceiling, then Dean’s face for the split second it takes for him to straddle Castiel’s hips. Firm lips press to his own, imploring, demanding, and Castiel clings to him in shock, half-torn between shoving Dean away and pulling him in.
“You won’t kill me,” Castiel assures. Urging Dean to sit before him, he bares his palms, offering them up. “It’s the same as when you offered your blood to me. I didn't need it, but you acted selflessly, and I’d like to do the same for you. Grace can heal all wounds, even the ones that you can’t see.”
“Sam tried his hand,” Castiel says, to Dean’s visible lament. “He says you haven’t been eating.”
“Yeah,” Dean mumbles. With all his heart, he wants that title too, but this year, his chances are shot, unless he gets back in the car two weeks from now and runs several perfect races. He has enough wins and points to get him through, but it’s too late to tell, and part of him wonders if he’ll ever be that close again. “I was so close, Cas, I just…”
The cure to all ailments, apparently, is Dean’s cooking. Or, at least the physical ones. Castiel waits for what feels like an eternity before Dean turns off the stove and removes a tray from the oven. The smell of sausage and gravy wafts through the room, and Castiel’s stomach growls traitorously, earning a laugh from Dean.
Castiel swallows, his throat thick. “Then why hasn’t anyone reported it?”
“One,” Dean points a finger at him, “I wouldn't be caught dead in snow boots. Last thing I need is a broken leg. Makes me antsy just thinking about it.” He managed to escape stepping foot into a hospital for most of his life. No use in breaking that tradition the second time around.
Dean coaxes him to turn his head, his palm so warm and soft against his cheek. Eyes closed, Castiel concentrates on his touch, willing it to ease the pressure behind his eyes. “Am I bleeding?” he asks, hating how his voice sounds, so brittle and broken.
, he thinks, wringing his shirt in his hands.
“Your soul is remarkable,” Castiel says, his words slurred.
The blanket shifts, jostling Castiel a bit. Dean presses up against his side, propped up on an elbow. His body is close, close enough to touch. Looking up, all Castiel finds is Dean’s eyes staring back at him. The meteors streak overhead, forgotten. He lifts a hand to cradle Dean’s cheek, feeling him fall into it, eyelids fluttering shut. “Did you bring me out here to watch the meteor shower?”
“Dean,” Castiel whispers. Panic surging, he takes Dean’s hand, only to feel Dean tighten his grip
Though, he comes to enjoy when Dean wipes him down, ointment soothing the burn.
Dean moves, fueled purely by adrenaline and fear, and shoves Castiel out of the way. He takes Martha’s wrist and wrenches it around, pinning it behind her back; his other arm, he hooks around her throat, keeping her pinned, no matter the scratches she gouges into his forearm with her nails. “The lady you’re riding, she got a name?” he asks into her ear.
“Ma’am,” Dean wines, to Missouri’s amusement. “I wanna go to bed.”
Objectively, he’s attractive, with short-cropped hair and brown eyes, and a bright red flannel pullover covering a plain black shirt. Dean talks to him about something mundane; in the interim, Castiel drinks—probably too quickly, considering the sound he makes after he downs his shot. “Whoa, buddy,” Dean laughs and pats his shoulder. Platonic, friendly—Castiel can’t breathe, his throat fighting the burn. “That’s the good stuff, you gotta savor it.”
He nods. Even more daring, he touches the inside of Castiel’s thigh, skating his fingers up, close to his hip. “You don’t need blood, do you? I mean, there’s no reason to…”
Dean nods, a light in his eyes. “Been in school since I was eighteen. Ended up taking a semester off after my whole…” He waves his hand, and instinctively, Castiel understands what he means.
Supposedly, Dean lives about an hour from Panama City Beach, outside of a small coastal town and tucked about a mile away from the main road. For most of the drive, it’s quiet, the tape deck shut off in favor of listening to the wind whipping through the open windows. The salt air heals a part of his Grace that he didn't know needed it, and Dean’s company helps tremendously, in the way he always wanted.
Castiel hides a laugh. “Nothing inappropriate. Do you want this?” He holds the necklace out to Dean, who flushes in what could either be called embarrassment or shame. Probably both. “You’re allowed to have nice things, Dean.”
? Castiel thinks. Donnie wouldn't know the answer, and Dean probably wouldn't reply if he asked. Across the room, the guitar twangs, sliding into a moderately upbeat song, the lyrics entirely unfamiliar and so unlike the music Ash plays.
Castiel stripped him down first, eager to get Dean into bed but apparently easily distracted. Every few kisses, he pulls back to feel up Dean’s chest, to kiss his neck, to fucking
Castiel nods. His eyes track to Dean’s mouth, then back up. A split-second movement, but Dean catches it, wishing he would bridge the gap. Barely five inches between them, and Dean craves the feel of his lips. They probably taste like Chapstick, or like nothing at all. “We’ll find them,” Castiel assures. His hand creeps closer to Dean’s bare knee. “How did you sleep?”
“Yeah, like you walked fine yesterday morning.” Dean still has the bruise from where he fell face-first onto the floor.
Dean shudders from those few words alone. “I’m sorry you got stuck with me,” he says, but grins.
Naomi doesn’t come, but another angel does.
“Yeah.” Another lie. Castiel resists the urge to sink to his knees and hide. “Unless something else comes up.”
“You’re not,” Dean whispers, so quiet that Castiel strains to hear him. “Trust me, I’m… I’m trying, okay? But it’s so hard to believe it, because no one’s… I trust you, you know I do, but with the shit we’ve gone through in the past, I don’t wanna get hurt again, not like that.”
Seated on the hood of the Impala, Dean holds a mug of coffee to his lips, breathing into it rather than drinking it. Castiel leans against the front bumper, fidgeting with his coat sleeves. They could be inside, under the covers like they were in the hours prior, but Dean wanted to see the sunrise over the mountaintops, and he hasn't moved since. An hour later, and the sun is high in the sky. Together, they exist, Dean within arm’s reach and Castiel…
As if on cue, the woman—Tammy, apparently—steps off stage, taking with her two men about Dean’s age as she walks across the bar, her shirt still blessedly on. Dean, meanwhile, leaves without a word, his shoulders stiff, gait much too quick. He nearly trips over his feet, but catches himself before he makes a spectacle of himself.
“Yes.” In all of his life, Castiel has never wanted anything more than this, to have Dean in bed with him, touching him, marking him as his own.
“Figured that.” Pulling his shirt down, Dean clears his throat. “So what, just, think happy thoughts and blast the demon out of her?”
A breath. “I just want things to go back to normal, man. I’ll live in the closet forever if it means I can talk to my mom without having to run off to the next county just to say hi.”
But he has a place now, a space to call his own, and he intends to make use of it. Especially with the box in the far corner of the closet.
“I’m sorry,” Sam says, a mantra he probably won’t ever tire of repeating. “I tried—”
Benny throws his head back. “I did what I could. Got ‘em to stop, but that ain’t ever gonna be enough. Surprised he graduated. For a while I was thinkin’ he’d drop out. Had to sit him down and talk some sense into him.” He shakes his head. “The boy needs help, and he ain’t gonna get it here.”
“I grabbed your wallet from the car before they towed it,” Castiel mentions, starting the engine. His hand lingers, his face falling. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
. The higher Castiel climbs, the louder he gets, moaning a litany of unfamiliar words in Dean’s ear. More than he’s ever heard Castiel speak in the few months they’ve known each other, but now they flow freely, each word burning hot in his chest.
It takes Castiel a moment, but he replies, his gravel-rough voice softening ever so slightly. “No.”
Castiel stands and removes his hat, followed by his coat. He tosses both tosses onto the couch, along with his suit jacket. Why he wears any of it, Dean has no clue. Sometimes, he looks at Castiel and wonders how he got sidled with the one angel that never upgraded his wardrobe once trench coats went out of fashion. “I feel that with you alive, their priorities have significantly slowed.”
Earlier, Dean took the keys to the storage units with him. Earlier, Dean slipped the key ring into his back pocket for safekeeping. One of them might work, but not fast enough.
So long as he can remember, nothing has ever affected him like this. Never in the aftermath of hunts, never at the numerous morgues he’s visited, and never when his life was in danger. But now, Dean can’t take a breath that doesn’t sound like a rattling transmission. Castiel keeps a distance, but stays within reach, close enough for Dean to grab if he needs to.
and wonders what exactly that entails in a place like this.
Castiel narrows his eyes—and pushes in with no warning or preamble. Throwing his head back, Dean bites his hand, his breath caught in his lungs. The bass swells; above, Castiel’s eyes roll back, mouth agape, just as winded. If he comes now, Dean might cry. His hand slips on Castiel’s shoulder, then his neck as he pulls him in, their kiss open-mouthed and messy. “Fuck me,” Dean says—begs, or close enough to it that his cheeks catch fire. “C’mon, fuck me—”
The bell tinkles as he opens the shop door. Cool air replaces the warm, muggy soup of the beach, and a shiver runs down Castiel’s spine the second it hits his skin. Inside, flash art adorns the walls in frames, and black leather couches sit up against the walls of the waiting area, empty for the evening. On the wall, the clock reads ten-thirty-seven. Twenty-three more minutes, and the shop will close. Twenty-three minutes, and Castiel will have wasted an entire day in his relentless search.
Dean looks up, hooded eyes growing wide. One-handed, he pets across the feathers spilling into his lap, his touch tentative, awed. “You still got these things?”
“Yeah.” Pulling off, Dean grips Castiel by the back of the head and pulls him in for a filthy kiss. Castiel grips him in return, lapping at the mess of precome from the roof of his mouth, from his tongue, his lips.
“You’re not finished,” Castiel rumbles.
The closest motel to their final destination—the burnt-out husk of a convent in the middle of the forest—is the Exec Motel in Elkridge, with a single two-story complex accompanied by oddly-shaped rooms adjoining the main office. Rain breaks through the fog toward the two o’clock hour, dampening the asphalt by the time he emerges from the office with a key. “Great weather,” Dean complains, his bag slung over his shoulder as he unlocks the door. “Really sets the mood.”
Dean bites his lip, gnawing back at the agony welling in his chest, the absolute urge to throw his fists and hope they land somewhere soft. “You knew,” he starts again, his voice trembling. “And you tried to tell me, Cas, I know you did. But that don’t make it right. You—We were so close, and he’s—”
And Castiel nearly wakes the house the minute Dean closes his lips around his head. Looking up, he watches Castiel bite the side of his hand in the dark, his breaths heavy through his nose. Castiel shakes and writhes, and Dean goes with it, bobbing up and down the hardening length of him. What he can’t take into his mouth, he strokes, slicked by precome and spit, and Castiel thrusts up into the circle of his fist, barely in control.
Thumbs tucked into his waistband, Castiel shrugs his boxers down, just in time for Dean to return, the door clicking shut behind him. In his hand, he carries a small, clear bottle and a towel. Though, the second he spots Castiel, he nearly drops it all, his throat visibly bobbing in the lamplight.
“That’s good, right?” Sam asks. “That means there’s a way to reverse it?”
Secretly, Dean likes that room the best. Large and spacious, with a king-sized bed and a large dormer window, and more than enough wall space to put up shelves or bookcases, or mount a TV—everything he could ever want, all in his grasp. He can see it now, can see summer and autumn spent here, either on the porch or in bed, preferably with Castiel within arm’s reach. Plus, winters that don’t involve shoveling snow just to make it out of the garage.
. “I’m into…” He lowers his hands, aware of how hard they shake. “I keep thinking, what if you bit me? Just like that, but not like…”
“Not here,” Dean says with a sneer. “Guess you’ll have to settle for me.”
“Oh, fancy.” Charlie pats his bicep. “Dean texted me the other day about it. Hey, you need another person for your study? ‘Cause I got stories if you got time.”
Castiel blinks, tears spilling free. Not from exhaustion, this time, but from something far more devastating, something that could destroy their friendship if he spoke it aloud.
.” Tighter, she squeezes his wrist, her fingers pressed over his pulse point. Dean sits up, struggling to dry his eyes with one hand. “How long have you been sitting on this?”
But John is dead, and Sam is gone. Probably back at college, or driving around the Impala like Dean didn’t bleed all over the backseat. He should probably call, just to let him know that he’s not dead after all, but Sam doesn’t deserve to go through that again. A childhood of living hell was enough; the last thing Sam needs is Dean dragging him back into his bullshit.
Castiel bites back what can only be called a
Dean turns his head, his eyes tired, so tired. “Why’d you do that?”
“I’m only out to my friends,” Castiel mentions, lowering his voice. “I told my parents years ago, and they still haven’t reconciled. You would think as progressive as southern California is, they would be more understanding.”
He loves this part, the intimacy of it when it’s done leisurely, rather than a means to an end. Castiel explores him, and Dean knows what he sees. His fingers curl, experimental, and Dean gasps, knuckles blanching.
, Dean thinks. Casting a glance over his shoulder, he looks out over the tiny brick home that used to be his own, and his mother waving on the front porch, her eyes wet but her smile grateful. Dean misses her already. Lyle, too, and the hot summer nights and the dormant cry of the cicadas, the wailing of the train he’s known all his life.
It’s endearing, really. Castiel can’t help but admire him.
“Anything I can do to help.” Dean winks. Elbows propped atop the desk, he leans in closer, his voice nearing a whisper. “I was talking to my mentor about you yesterday.”
“Alright, alright, break it up,” Dean calls out, waving a spatula. He walks over, donning a bright blue plaid apron and cut-off shorts that reveal too much thigh, including a tattoo that he can’t make out. “Cas, this is Benny, Ash, Garth and—”
Inside his room, his roommate sleeps, his head hidden underneath the blankets. Castiel falls into his own bed and joins him in sleep, still dressed, his shoes thudding to the floor.
Across the hall, his listens to Sam putter around in his room, listening to the local soft rock station on one of the bunker’s old radios. Occasionally, he hears a tinkle from Castiel’s bedroom a few feet away, and Sonia’s maniacal chirping while he attempts to make his bed. Sometimes, she sprints between the rooms, bouncing off any and every piece of furniture she can find.
Dean nods, adjusting the pillows against the headboard. “Said you won. Said my ghost was haunting everyone.”
In his chest, Castiel’s heart clenches, the breath robbed from his lungs. He grips Dean’s hand tighter, praying that Dean doesn’t notice the look on his face, the utter adoration in his eyes.
Supposedly, Lilith is hiding in the basement of the monastery—and Dean has never been more terrified in his life.
“Do you think it’s weird?” Dean asks, hesitant. “That we keep… kissing and stuff.”
“See, there you go.” Dean grabs Castiel’s shirt from the counter and shoves it into his chest, his eyes pointedly aimed at the carpet. “Swear it ain’t a joke. Trust me, mom called a priest when we were kids, but he said that his spirit’s tied to something here. But he doesn’t hurt anyone, so we just…”
And that’s the thing—Castiel
. Part of him still expects the Shadow to emerge from the depths and take him once again, or for Chuck to come back at full power and smite him just for the hell of it.
Feathers. An idea crosses Castiel’s mind, but quickly he shoves it down. The sheer amount of feathers he would need would be more than he has, and he doesn't plan to strip his wings bare for a quilt. But he could use a few, just so that if he ever lost his wings, he could always know that a part of them still existed.
, yet Dean can’t look away, can’t do much other than take Castiel by the bicep and hold on. “Marking the body of an angel is a holy act, tantamount to marriage,” Castiel says—and Dean blanches, his heart beating a breakneck pace behind his ribs.
Inside, Dean finds a two-seater table with a sable cloth draped over the top, adorned with a clay bowl and a silver stiletto knife. The rest of the room, he can’t quite see in the candlelight, but from what he can tell, blood-soaked sigils paint the walls, some of which he hasn’t ever seen. Whatever she’s working, Dean can’t help but fear what power she holds.
Castiel looks over at the open passenger door, then Charlie starting the rattling engine of her Gremlin, and reaches over to close the door. Not that he has anything else to do today, anyway.
Somewhere out there, his car is waiting. If only he could remember where he left her parked.
“Have some patience.” Rowena giggles, amused by something. “It’s a defining quality, my dear, one you lack. And,” she taps Dean’s nose again, “you have a story to tell, yes?”
The longer the week goes on, the quieter Castiel becomes. His original placid-but-chatty nature dulls to barely a nod, with rarely a word spoken. He spends his evenings on the porch, and most nights, Dean has to lead him back inside, out of the elements and into the sanctuary of their room. Castiel sleeps in late except for the days he has to teach, and comes back at odd hours of the night, smelling of the road and gasoline and fast food.
“Does his dad know?” Charlie asks. She pulls a knee up into the seat, hanging an arm over the back of the bench.
Through the open windows, spring’s warmth wafts in, drawing sweat to Dean’s nape. Castiel remains placid in the passenger seat, his hands steady in his lap as he watches the scenery pass by. They could fly, but Castiel refuses. Something about staying off the radar, about keeping the angels from smiting him for what he’s done. Instead, Dean drives and hopes the next town has gas or food.
Fully, he expects Dean to leave, to turn around and join his friends by the fire. For a moment, Dean stands there, throat working and his features pinched—and Castiel has a brief second of clarity before he steps out of the way, just in time for Dean to retch in front of the Continental. “Dean,” Castiel hisses and rounds him. He presses a hand to the small of Dean’s back, the only comfort he can give while Dean vomits all of the alcohol he managed to stomach this evening.
Shrugging, Castiel readjusts the rag and sinks further into his chair. Dean props Castiel’s feet atop his stomach and strokes up and down his calf. Thankfully, no one else is home.
, from his touch to the quiet moments they spend together. This, though, sends a new surge of want through him, one he’s never quite experienced so abruptly, with so much urgency that he can barely breathe with it. His hands shake as the words struggle to bubble free, his lips working around the six words he never thought he’d ever be able to say.
“It’s been a long fucking day,” Dean complains. He tugs at Castiel’s shirt until Castiel worms his way back onto the couch, sitting too far from Dean to be comfortable. “Didn’t see you here helping.”
It’s good—great, actually, and hearing Castiel’s sighs keeps him motivated. For the most part, he familiarizes himself with Castiel’s cock and tests the waters, seeing how far he can go before he gags. Castiel likes pressure, and sighs as Dean tongues beneath his foreskin, drawing it between his lips. Each time, precome spills free, and Dean smears it between his fingers, using it to stroke whatever he can’t fit into his mouth.
Dean blinks, his eyes wet. “Worthy of what?” Because what Dean is worthy of isn’t even on Castiel’s radar. He deserved to die. Or, at least, that’s what he always believed, until an angel saw him and told him,
“Hey.” Dean points a finger at her, to Castiel’s shock. “I’m not ‘a human,’ I have a name. And two, I consented. I’d rather have a scar than be dead somewhere because he couldn't get to me in time.”
“Cas.” Cautious, Dean touches Castiel’s cheek, knuckles tracing across warm skin. Kissing him comes naturally, despite the fear, the tremor in his hands. But Castiel doesn’t kiss him back—if anything, he sits there, still as the grave. Blue eyes glare at him as Dean pulls away, and somehow, his stomach manages to wring itself into an even tighter knot.
“And you have to understand.” Castiel looks up at him, a plea in his eyes. “I don’t know when I disappeared. I don’t know what happened to me. All I remember is watching you walk away, and Sam and I driving home. I left while he was asleep, and after that…” He shakes his head, knuckles white where his fists the sheets. “I don’t know how long it’s been, Dean. I don’t know where I am, or what happened to me, and for the first time, I’m—I’m terrified. So forgive me if I’m upset, but I’m trying to come to terms with it.”
I'm on
John smacks his head into the ground. Dean cries out, and John does it again for good measure. The family game of telephone must be wild, because unless someone has been spying on him, the only person he’s ever seen outside of the dorm is Castiel, and that was this afternoon. Yet, John continues spouting off lies, his grip crushing around Dean’s neck. He can’t breathe—can barely hear, even when Mary shouts and a flashlight waves. Someone grabs John by the shoulder and wrenches him up, and only then does he let go, allowing Dean to gasp for air. Turning over, he spits up blood into the grass.
All of the girls that ever sucked him off made a show of it, deepthroating him or humming, whatever they could to keep him hard. But that wasn’t what he wanted, no matter how often he convinced himself of it. No, what he wants is Castiel pulling his hair, is Castiel’s hips rising to meet him as he bobs his head. At one point, he reaches down to palm himself through his shorts, and he shudders, moaning around Castiel’s length.
“Well, I don’t know any hunters that live on the coast,” Dean huffs. “Look, it’s… it’s probably just some guy looking for scrap parts and I’m working myself up for nothing. People do that all the time.” Sitting back, he palms his eyes. “God, I’m starving.”
All of the bodies, to Dean’s lament, have been moved to the closest city with a morgue, at least until the proper identifications can be made and the families can set up funeral services. “So all we’ve got is a hunch,” Dean says as he digs through the Impala’s trunk for his bag. Castiel stands watch, staring at the side of the Quality Inn, with its bright yellow walls and neon signage in the windows. Throwing his bag over his shoulder, Dean flashes him the room key. 210—second floor. “I’ve built cases off of less, but damn if it isn’t harder.”
“I know.” Sighing, Dean drops his hands, idly tracing a knot in the tabletop with his nail. “It’s just… I don’t get it, Cas. There’s billions of other people on this planet, and you guys picked me. I’m not a good person. I’ve got blood on my hands.”
“This is stupid,” Dean says, breaking into a laugh. “Baby’s right over there, and we ran into a vault.”
Castiel glances through the windshield to the front porch, squinting in the sunlight. “You think that he’s here?”
Slowly, his vision returns, the golden glow of the candles visible through closed eyelids. Blinking, he settles into Castiel’s chest, his limbs little more than lead weights. Come puddles atop his stomach, his now-soft cock resting in the middle of it, spent for the evening. He reaches between his legs, where Castiel’s cock no longer splits him open, and sinks his fingers inside, chasing the warmth of his spend.
“I have to wonder if it really was a curse,” Castiel says after a while. Dean opens an eye, lips pulled into a thin line. “What?”
In all of Dean’s life, maybe a handful, if he’s lucky. “Look, we’ll take Baby today,” he starts, then whispers into Castiel’s ear, hopefully low enough that Sam can’t make out, “and we’ll take her out tonight, how about that?”
“You’re real,” Dean says, practically a warble. “You’re actually—you’re really an angel.”
“It appears he’s changed his mind,” Castiel murmurs. While Dean curses to himself, Castiel answers the door. On the other side, Jack stands, his confusion turning to excitement at first sight. “Jack.”
“You’re the new guy, right?” the bartender asks, hands atop the wooden countertop. “All the way from the West Coast, huh? Don’t get many out-of-towners here.”
Love comes in many forms, in varying frequencies. At one point, knowing that he loved Dean was enough, but touching him,
Of course. Of course it would lead to this. And worst of all, Ruby knows, and Sam is in the wind, readying to open the cage against his will. And after that, the end. Sam gets possessed, and Dean has to watch him die again and live with the aftermath. “Paradise my ass,” he huffs. “This ain’t fair and you know it.”
, Dean thinks.
Castiel looks down at the bag, sitting on the floorboards between their seats. “I’m trying to educate myself, somewhat,” he says. “I didn’t realize it until I was in middle school, that I wasn’t the same as my friends. Monetarily, I mean. I’ve been… extremely privileged throughout my life, and I’ve only seen my experience through the eyes of someone with wealth, with opportunities handed to me because of who I was. Being gay didn't hamper anyone’s perception of me except for my parents.”
“I know.” Releasing his hold, Castiel leans over to kiss him again, and Dean kisses him in return, lust on his tongue. A hand cards through Castiel’s hair, tugging lightly at the roots; Castiel moans and palms the front of Dean’s shirt, only to hear a wheeze. “Dean—”
Wingbeats. Blinking, Dean turns to find Castiel standing by one of the candelabras, just as composed as he ever was. But happier—lighter, even, no longer burdened with the threat at hand. “The angels, they’re talking,” he says, enamored. “All of the seals have been unbroken, and Lucifer is sealed once more.”
The sun begins to peak through at sunrise, casting the clouds in reds and oranges. Standing on the porch with a mug of coffee in hand, Dean stares out at the clearing—and the five fallen trees, one blocking their only exit. Thankfully, nothing fell on the house or the pool, and all of their cars remain intact, aside from one or two spots where hail careened into the hoods.
Castiel finds Dean walking not too far from the bunker, hands shoved in his coat pockets and collar pulled up to shield his neck. A bitter breeze bites through the streets of Lebanon, autumn quickly changing to winter before the last of the leaves can even fall. For a few minutes, Castiel simply follows behind at a distance, too entranced with watching Dean walk to disturb him. Normally, Dean is antsy, always glancing at his surroundings, even if he never quite moves his head; his eyes always move, observing, his body just as tense, poised to run at any given moment.
Anyika clicks her tongue. She breaks the feather in half over the bowl, and a lump sinks in Dean’s stomach. The only piece of Castiel left behind, and she broke it. But the harder he looks, the more he sees why—a sliver of Grace pours out, coalescing in the bowl and winding around the bundle of bones. “I can’t give you a direct link to him,” she says, holding out her hand. Dean turns his palm over, wincing when she swipes her knife through one of his palm lines. Blood hits the basin, and a fire sparks, sending up a rush of foul-smelling smoke. “But I can transmit your consciousness to where he is. The most you can do is give him guidance. Who knows, maybe you can talk him into leaving. But there’s a catch.”
Mary sniffles, wiping her nose with her crumpled wad of tissues. “Thank you,” she says as she takes the card. “What did you say your name was?”
“My apologies.” Castiel climbs out of bed in nothing but his boxers and an undershirt. Outside, the sun flits through the crack in the curtains. He pulls them open enough to light the room, reds and yellows casting beams onto the carpeted floor. “You slept well.”
Castiel presses his hand to Dean’s chest, pushing him away, but not for the reason he suspects. Eyes narrowed, he scrapes his nails across the tattoo below Dean’s collar, then his heart. “I feel it,” he says, ominous as ever. “There’s something in you, Dean.”
All at once, the air flees Castiel’s lungs, the weight lifted. Dean holds him up, an arm around his back and a hand to his shoulder. Sam rushes in a second later, what looks to be a knapsack that weighs several pounds, based on how hard it hits the table. Castiel can’t bring himself to care. Dean was right, God doesn’t care. No matter how desperately Castiel sought Him in the past, how many fruitless nights he spent praying for guidance, God never answered, not even in the final few moments before Dean nearly sacrificed his life to bring an end to His and Amara’s feud.
“I wasn’t house hunting,” Dean groans. He needs coffee—or a brick to the head. “Look, you remember that book at Bobby’s, the one with all the safe houses on it?”
Soft, Castiel presses his thumb to Dean’s lower lip, and Dean bites back a whine, the breath robbed from his lungs. He can’t breathe—can barely even think as Castiel pets his lip, his eyes neutral, but with the barest hint of lust that Dean has always suspected was there. “As many as it takes,” Castiel murmurs. He takes the blade back and presses one of the edges to his wrist, slicing deep until he bleeds, sluggish and thick.
Because for the first time in his life, Dean Winchester wakes in his own home to the sound of cicadas in the trees and the wind wafting in through the curtains, without a weight bearing down on his shoulders. Sure, he has boxes to unpack and furniture to arrange, and someone needs to go grocery shopping, but that can wait for another hour or two.
Dean’s stomach clenches unpleasantly. “Speed it up, like… What, are you gonna drain yourself?”
“No, that’s…” Dean places his hands on the lip of the dryer, tapping his fingers against the metal. “Look. It’s convenient, right? Most of our cases are in that area, and we save time on travel. If we moved here, it’d be two day drives wherever we go—”
“’kay,” Dean slurs, and nods off, dead to the world.
Bobby’s home is… quaint, for lack of a better term. Old but lived in, with wood paneling and creaking floorboards. Rugs cover the main spaces in every room, and dust coats the bookshelves, each filled with hundreds of books ranging from aged cookbooks to the history of wraiths in Louisiana. On his desk and every available surface, papers either sit or hang, some yellowing with age, others freshly printed.
“No.” Dean rolls his shoulders. The last thing he needs is Sam getting hurt, especially if he’s still in school. “No, we got it. School’s more important, and I don’t wanna drag you away, not again.” A breath. “Tell me about that, you got a girl?”
, he tells himself, shoving one of the massive double doors open.
Castiel smiles, soft, verging on sad. “It was in my coat,” he says, looking down. “I don’t exactly remember what I had stored. I’m not adept at photography.”
Castiel thumbs Dean’s lower lip, his eyes searching. “You’re still not strong enough,” he murmurs. “We still have time.”
“No, no,” Castiel scolds all too softly and plucks her free before she makes to his shirt. “He’s not a tree.”
Most nights—all nights, actually—Castiel can’t sleep. Around him, the pipes in the walls creak and groan; down the hall, Sam snores, long and labored. An utterly normal night, on an otherwise normal day—and yet, someone else is also awake, only steps away but hidden behind several doors.
“That Dean is in danger,” Naomi says. “And, by association, you.”
Shopping.
Dean did—the horrific, mangled mess of them, scorched and broken to the point where Dean still wonders how Castiel got the two of them out.
“I wouldn't suggest it if you didn't,” Castiel chuckles. “Offer yourself to me, Dean. Meld with me.”
“I just… I learned after that, how to take care of it myself. But I couldn't talk to anyone, and I sure as hell couldn't call Sam, not after the way he left.” He finally looks up, his eyes red-rimmed and wet. Castiel wants to touch him, wants to take his sadness as his own, if it meant that Dean could live without pain. “I used to pray.”
Sputtering, Dean nearly swallows his tongue. “You—You think we’re soulmates?” he asks and grabs for his shirt. If Bobby weren’t here, he wouldn't bother putting it back on. “But I barely know you—”
“There was a trial?” Sam asks.
Staring out of the passenger window, Castiel Milton watches the rolling flats of the plains pass by, sometimes dotted with crops or sunflowers, or nothing at all. Hot air whips through the open windows and the sun beats down overhead, threatening to burn his already tanned skin. Something about the air feels cleaner here, less riddled with smog and instead carrying the scents of the earth, the dirt and asphalt under their wheels, the grass as it passes on the side of the road.
Admittedly, Castiel has, ever since the first night he woke to the disembodied howl of a train barreling down the tracks.
“Probably.” Mary looks down, the lines on her face hardening. Her grip tightens, nails lightly scraping Dean’s fingers. “If I had my choice, I would’ve divorced him the minute he hit you.”
Probably—but this already feels nice, with Dean around him, touching him, their connection carnal and at the same time, reverent. Slow, he strokes up the hard rise of Dean’s length while Dean teases him open, mouthing up his throat. Eventually, Dean pulls them free, and Castiel sighs from the loss. Dean soothes him with a kiss before settling between his legs, pulling Castiel’s hips up into his lap. “You still good?”
And outside, Dean finds Castiel feeding a black-and-white kitten, maybe a year old at the most, with bright orange eyes and a tail longer than its body. She
“I could tell you about my true visage,” Castiel says, catching Dean’s attention. “You’ve only seen me from the inside, but you’ve never witnessed me outside of that.”
Somehow, Sam sleeps through Dean fumbling for the deadbolt and swinging open the door. Castiel steps inside, snow dusting his hair. He opens his mouth, but Dean presses a finger to his own lips, jerking his head in Sam’s direction. After that, Castiel nods and steps out of the way, letting Dean close the door.
Whatever the reason, Dean grits his teeth and digs his nails into his fists. No matter how gentle Castiel is, nothing can soothe the ache of directly touching a burn, especially one as deeply rooted as this one.
“Yeah.” Dean brings their joined hands to his lips as the sun casts the sky in gold. It’s a beautiful thing to see in its primal form, no interruptions, no clouds to block the view. The water sloshes against the shore, and in the distance, several fins surface by the sandbar as dolphins breach.
Castiel blows out a breath. “You almost died today,” he says. Green eyes find his own, wet at the edges. “If it would’ve been anyone else, if you had been with your brother, or any other hunter, you wouldn’t have escaped. As it is, I barely got you out of there in one piece.”
