his whole life. He’s tired and he feels empty and drained, every syllable
In his dreams, he is getting phone calls from Mycroft telling him Sherlock
from the tabloids screaming disease and the names of the famous who’d died
said otherwise earlier.
don’t come close to what he’s feeling. He doesn’t even understand himself
Sherlock looks lost, and just as worn down as John feels.
Victor might have been in love with him, Sherlock thought later. Victor had
stuttering motion, leans in. Sherlock’s lips are dry and cool, a little
matter to me, I didn’t care about them. I didn’t bother to connect to them
John has a hard time concentrating on what is going on. While missing
kisses Sherlock and finally manages to pluck her little arms away from
to begin, Reid and his team will leave tomorrow. And finally, John,
of their kiss, the sound of their lips when John withdraws a fraction. Lips
them at him, the walls of his anger up so high that Sherlock won’t be able
night.
In the hallway, John hissed, “Sherlock! Christ! Why did you tell her?”
He holds it in place on Sherlock’s back as they stop in the silent hallway,
turn him on, he
“You don’t want to stay for a bit?” John hears the worry in her voice, and
laughter.
She cried and cried, and finally her dad stopped checking, but the
finger linger there for a moment, on his lips. Sherlock kisses it,
he puts on his coat and scarf in the office.
It’s beautiful in a primal, savage way, how Sherlock fingers himself, how
“Hey, Harry. How is he?” John asks.
). Then he spots the light from the sitting room door that he
As the sweet, deceptive haze of orgasm fades, it leaves sadness and
faint remainder of smoke from the camp fire. John kisses him, and stays
everything. They can’t be close enough to each other.
Dramatic dark coat, dishevelled hair, saving the away team single-handedly
brimming with an intensity John can’t fathom. He’s got beautiful eyes. John
John has the feeling that there’s more James wants to say. But James just
came to his room and sat on his bed. She listened to him; made him believe
tries to drag it out for him, he touches him only lightly, knowing that
John turns to look. It’s Arnel, walking down the path to their tent.
white porcelain, spits out the foamy toothpaste and wills water round his
John is stunned. He exhales a long, whispered laugh. He wants to say
around.
. He finds himself staring at Sherlock a great deal more than he ever has. Especially since
“We could walk a bit and then find us a place to eat. It’s cool, but it’s sunny. Even looks as if spring is really starting with all these wee flowers.”
his tongue there.
His dad flexes his fingers, curls them into a fist and opens it again.
“Yeah, alright,” he says eventually.
eyes; mumbles with a hint of defiance, “fuck. Oh God,” as if his body
this. He has every reason to be happy. This is so much better than the perspective he had at
impatient to find out what life had in store for him.
he likes Sherlock's parents, spending the holidays with them would have
wonders if Sherlock’s glad to see Eddie and James, if they talk, if they
They sleep like this for what feels like a long time. John dimly registers
you, er, have any plans for dinner? I’m starving.”
a long time, getting up and walking back to the tent seems like too much
John suddenly remembers something he’d read about anal sex, about how to
notice that Sherlock and he barely say a word.
felt this much at once before — the excitement and the joy about the sex
John feels obliged to comply. He promises himself he won’t show his disapproval as openly as Harry did when she met Mary. Matilda starts making noises and
be? Something makes him hold back, keeps him from both making a move or trying to talk about it.
As I'm continuing to work on this fic I have updated the chapter count and there'll be about 26 chapters now, maybe 28. In case you're all wondering what's going to happen in nine more chapters, please keep in mind that at the beginning of the first chapter it says,
collapsed, the air was filled with smoke and there was fire everywhere. He
day. He will see it immediately, and he’ll know what’s on the table now.
that Sokół found out that Mary was married to you, John. He might…
him deeply.
again.
Sherlock’s lips taste like toothpaste and John hesitates to kiss him properly.
“Well, it’s bloody difficult coordinating everything so quickly.”
The song stops, and they break their close position during the short break.
so beautiful like that,” he had added.
After discussing things far too long with the task force they finally
Sherlock’s handwriting right across it.
truck filled with one tonne of ANFO right at Bishopsgate. Subsequently, the
It takes him two more days to realize he’s been an even bigger fool.
Also, there'll be a little break from the dry spell our boys are going through later on.
“Thanks for coming. I know it sounds a bit weird… three dead cats.”
before he even did.
it’ll add to the tension headache hovering in his shoulders and the muscles
Sherlock pours them two glasses of whisky and hands one over to John. The whisky burns pleasantly in his throat, leaving a trace of warmth inside his body.
“Hand me your phones,” he demands, his pronunciation heavy with an Eastern
artichokes and eggplants, green chillies filled with feta cheese and large
swallows, thinking of his own secret fantasies. He’s getting closer to
thigh. Sherlock wraps his arms around him in a wordless response.
outside, hoping it will find its way. There can’t be too many Sherlocks,
restlessly across Sherlock’s body. He’s fidgeting, and although John loves
thought processes, John.”
Before he can add
Their skin dries, and they stick to one another as they move, breathe,
. How are
into the sand.
“Harry, come on. Calm down, please.”
wake him up and take him out for a swim. In the end, he just brushes his
Nausea hits back with full force.
eyes for a moment — Sherlock can’t quite see in the darkness. Then Oliver
your mind,” John whispers against his wet skin, and adds after a moment,
himself. He’s calmer now, lighter, and in spite of the stress he has with
relaxed and peaceful.
he had a choice. So he’d better get used to the idea of joining the army,
able to do that. But then, Sherlock looks after Matilda a lot. Between
pretty bad times as well. I think you’ve been around last time.”
“Yes,” Sherlock had breathed.
over his groin, feeling his hardness. Sherlock inhales sharply,
their towels tangled up next to them, and folds it up.
faded blue linen out of her backpack. They’ve put it up on a few long
“Now that your basic step has stopped being an abomination of the dance, we
fistful, rubs it between his fingers until they’re dry and coated with
enough to keep the conversation going.
Sherlock is watching the film, and he is even smiling.
sleepy voices, greeting each other and the new, young day that just has
John stretches, and runs his fingers across Sherlock’s shakily heaving
“I’ve got no idea.”
punch. Despair mixes with John’s anger, he’s helpless in the face of how
Sherlock was still smiling, for some reason this seemed to be a good development of things.
ones about Sherlock’s death.
“John,” he whispers, voice raspy with sleep.
ball tossed around by the waves of a stormy sea. John quickly opens his
the tap, and returns to their tent.
just spectacularly interrupted. It takes them a few minutes to calm down.
John licks his lips, and then he moves his fingers down Sherlock’s cleft,
pleads, a whisper against Sherlock’s lips.
elderly men, a few kids who look about primary-school age.
getting up to kneel behind him and licking another stripe up his perineum
Sherlock sucks his earlobe and that sensitive spot on his neck. He pants
contain several heavy files. He takes them out and skims through the pages.
He scans the dim beach for Sherlock as he runs down the path, taking two
for his CDs. He has another sip of wine as he thinks about it, surprised
arse in response. Sherlock’s tongue touching his hole had felt strangely
When he gets home after school on Friday afternoon, at the brink of two
hadn’t put them back. He trusts her not to snoop around, she keeps out of
his palate. He wants the sea to replace every drop of water in his body; to
when he saw Sherlock's cup, feeling sick and tired, he knew he couldn't drink. He sat down and looked at the cup for a long time.
walks towards the coat rack. He puts on coat, scarf and gloves, expecting
rubbing a hand across his face. There’ll be plenty of time to think later;
Being wanted is a delicious feeling.
slurring his words, staggering in the sand as he, too, stretches out his
And smiles.
Sherlock getting hard. He feels with his lips and tongue how his cock gets
they are going to change to at
cobalt and indigo, tinged with shades of sunset hidden by the clouds in the
mum’s face, but it’s gone before he understands it, and she looks just as
“Your hands, John. In my hair,” Sherlock states, his voice still steady
soft strands of his hair. He hears Sherlock’s soft groans, and all of this
Sherlock doesn’t fight back. He keeps his body tense and takes John’s hits,
nerve-ending alight and making John shiver. He’s sensitive as hell on the
possessiveness. He’s never felt this before, but he grins. He’s sure
to say anything. They have their silences at home and those feel as
have dreamed. He wakes to the image of Sherlock crying at the beach that
Sherlock pulls on the cigarette, looking at John. He’s smiling with the
hadn’t been the first night in his life that he hadn’t slept. He could
shines. It lacks the morning frosts and the crisp sharp clarity of autumn
complicated for wordless communication, even for the two of them. Harry
Rage, hurt and bottomless disappointment roared inside John. He was in a restless turmoil.
been asleep while he and Harry were talking. Outside, John spots the Eiffel
“Yeah, of course. I’ll call you.”
They had ended up wrestling each other playfully down on their bed.
in the cool
relative. Harry’s fine and she loves Matilda, but she’s a recovering
“Okay. How are you feeling? Do you have a headache? Are you nauseous?” John
an eyebrow, questioningly. Elio gives the slightest nod in the direction of
just how Sherlock needs it.
they’ve walked up here, connected by the cords of Sherlock’s earphones,
“I don‘t think we need them,” Sherlock says after a moment of silence. “But
Before meeting Sherlock and after meeting him.
He takes Sherlock’s hand, and holds it, and listens to his breathing, in
The next day, Sherlock tells John about Mycroft’s visit. John listens without saying a word. He just clenches and unclenches his fist.
later. He doesn’t now.
, to pull through whatever adventure Sherlock
“I'm washing my balls, you curious git!“
air. It vibrates in his body until he starts to burst with sensation — and
“What happened after Victor?”
Sherlock’s touch imprinted on his skin. It does feel a bit like that, now.
half-hearted nod, understanding too late that he must look like an idiot.
John’s stomach rumbles. It’s the bland, demanding kind of hunger that comes
He looks up at the grey sky above them as he rises from the bench, laughing
John’s kiss and the desire he tastes are breathtaking and leave him wanting
“Can I — just ask you a few things?” Bill meets his eyes.
available.”
Or to a tanned blond man with this stupid smile on his face. Sherlock had
after leaving you. Like that. When I got your letter, I had to get away
warrant for Valadsko. Do you want me to get one?”
how much taller Sherlock is, John’s shoulder touches his arm, just where
inside that made Sherlock use with the sheer ferocity of how much he cares
“Ok,“ John replies, taking a step closer to him and kissing him again. Sherlock leans against the frame of the door, his eyes closed and his fingernails
John hears two muffled sniffs in the darkness, beneath the music from the
when he’s almost at the bottom, pulls his knees to his chest and wraps his
kiss in the grey darkness, their hands ghosting over each other's skin.
vessels in his skin, and by the sun. He hesitantly runs a finger through
“No… er… hold on,” John had said, looking at Mycroft questioningly.
forever, but he can’t. He knows that he can’t as restlessness and
“But I go to school in London, most of the time.”
just wants to sit here, on this very spot, and watch. Watch Sherlock, down
cans of ravioli, when Sherlock comes back, a bag from the campsite’s shop
tedious paperwork, hearings, interrogations. And things will be made even
Closing the door, he kissed John, hard and passionate.
him how much he means to him, trying to make him stop thinking, stop
and starts putting it on his arms and legs, on his face and chest. John
reflections of the relentless midday sun, as they drove along
of a helicopter’s rotor
Sherlock sits up, blinking the sleep away. He stretches as good as he can,
He takes a long shower in an attempt to wash away his hangover and the
been too much, damn it, he should
tried to be more invisible, to attract less of his anger. There’d been more
and destruction have taken all humanity from it. Everything that could be
like this and, after all, a bone-deep exhaustion seemed to have taken their
the tension.
John heads to the tent with the buffet. The finger food has been expanded by an excellent range of desserts. Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. But Mycroft stands in front of the table. He is eyeing a bowl of mousse au chocolat and a lemon cream tart like a child that is trying to decide on which one of his christmas presents should be unwrapped first.
The words he failed to say and the questions he failed to ask constrict his
tentatively starts moving his hand on Sherlock’s cock, applying slightly
and listens to it on repeat.
breath.
cock) is burned into his mind.
Sherlock as well. It’s almost
be courageous enough to say this often.”
“Oh, ils sont tellement adorables,” one of the girls whispers as they pass
whatever.
on the light, as if the darkness will mercifully grant him the power to
she repeats more firmly, “Okay.”
Eventually he glances at his watch. It’s no use going after the other
Matilda's buggy.
tilts his head.
advantage despite all the frustration hits Sherlock with blunt force.
“I—” Sherlock looks at him. “Injected it. A 7% solution.”
“Do you want another one?” he asks Sherlock.
rooms. Nicholls strides through the hallway, accompanying the men at the
“But I think this is the only way he has left to exert any influence on
“I will. Good night.”
inevitable
forbidden about it, something deliciously outrageous. He feels exposed,
“And bathroom’s up the stairs, to the right—”
brush against
doing here?”
you to feel something like…” - he tilts his head and raises his eyebrows -
He laughs a maybe slightly hysteric laugh when Sherlock heads into the sea
with his own worries, with his frustration, and the helplessness that he
“Who said we’d have to go without champers,” Sherlock says as he produces a bottle out of his coat.
throat. When he looks up, there’s an expression of sadness and despair in
for Lestrade and one for you. If I didn’t kill myself, three people that I held dear would have died. I had to kill myself and you had to believe it.”
broken into the psychologist’s office one night, latex gloves on his hands,
broken with golden lines of sunlight. He can feel them lift him up and
him.
arousing.
with those people. When Mycroft is busy handling his numerous duties,
the memory of all the nights they slept here, the hours they spent inside
the sea, ending next to John’s tent, at the brink of the path down the hill
“It was a fucking bad situation,” he says quietly. “I knew something was
something Sherlock said while he was drunk on the intensity of a climax,
about the tests and this had pissed Sherlock off enormously. Sherlock had
children himself. Just to spare someone else this whole misery of a life of boredom and a dysfunctional family. He was pretty sure he would never fit in
John’s wide awake now, and he needs to go after Sherlock. He’s fucking
plastic bag and trudges down the street to their tent.
aroused at the same time. But Victor hadn’t seemed to care, quite the
having parents. So when he sits down at the table to have rice and a quite
interrupted. When he can go back to telling himself that everything is ok,
Sherlock holds him just as tight, as if he needed this as much as John
Then he remembers that on Monday, she’s moving to Portsmouth. Monday. Just
dried salt from the sea, he feels hollow. Night falls outside. It’s like an
Sherlock looks at him, squinting his eyes in examination.
be pressed together much more intimately.
Joy is seeping into his body from the place where his hand rests against
tents and caravans, he’d be tempted to think they’re alone in this place,
“Maybe we should have a nap as well, Sherlock.”
train.
I thought I was
him. Sherlock meets John’s gaze and starts to roll his hips, pushing
He switches on the light and takes a picture with his phone. He looks tired
“Fucking bad. But guess I’m okay now.” John shrugs and clears his throat.
John’s heart skips a beat and then reality crushes in like a cold shower.
flesh.
react to finding Sherlock sleeping in the living room.
ride. Then he’ll have to meet their mum and and pretend everything’s fine;
But the moment passes, Arnel goes on talking. Sherlock looks the other way,
feels Sherlock’s hand on his shoulder.
rummaging in their tent to pack her bag for the day.
them on the pile of Sherlock’s clothes in the corner of the small tent. His
“But — in France you were so… so happy.” John swallows and adds, more like
cameras - now
worry him. It’s too much, too new. Far too raw.
“You must have been in contact in between.”
had gotten them. Some of the scars where fading, light silvery lines. Others were large, bulging red marks. John had seen a fair share of scars during his
John’s heart drums a few quick beats in his chest and gradually slows down
fire by how much he wants Sherlock. He wants him closer, inside him, more
looks as if there’s simply not enough left of the John who’d kissed him.
“Oh.”
at school than me and so… we could study together.”
yes, the momentousness had been weighing down on him.
That had been why he hadn’t wanted to fuck Victor. Or to have Victor fuck
he craves
precome, about to draw a glassy thread down towards the mattress —
John’s gentle, steady lead.
coffee and having a bite of breakfast after swimming with Harry and Gemma,
A few weeks after Redbeard’s death, Mycroft had clear evidence that Sherlock’s life was getting out of control: He attended even less of his lectures, he
inside him as he tastes Sherlock’s salty precome on his tongue, as he feels
Sherlock’s eyes are closed, and he’s breathing evenly. John switches off
his fingers, spreading it on John’s cock.
“Thanks. I’ll come back to you, ok?”
The garden has filled with people. Margaret is being hugged and given presents. And she has to take care of her growing number of guests. “Excuse me, John, dear, I just have to get rid of all this nonsense,” she whispers as she takes an armful of sophisticatedly wrapped boxes and envelopes and vanishes through the crowd.
dialect of the other passengers tells John about their counties and social
feel like, going out for the first time, the ink on his skin for everyone
He stares out at the grey-blue waves instead and after a minute, he says,
balls. He grazes them.
back, her next message arrives.
he says it. “Harder.”
than thinking about the fact that in a few days’ time, nothing here will
his hoody, still clammy, but better than nothing.
With his contradictory and unrequited love for John and his inability to articulate
to the
to himself than John did. That there was no Harry, no Mum around for
tension is almost palpable.
“I intended to move on, delete what we’ve had,” Sherlock continues. “You
Harry puts her backpack on her back — are they so close to St Pancras
Chemistry is only… a tool. Just like my mind.”
Victor had opened his lips and touched the seam of Sherlock’s lower lip
Sherlock. You know Sokół’s group and have insider information.”
shades of the sparse forest. He watches him disappear inside his tent when
headphones slide from his hand and land in the sand. John reaches out and
brilliant job at taking care of Matilda and protecting her. Thanks to you
“You look like a sleepy pirate, John.”
He struggles to keep his pelvis like that, at the exact right angle. The
yes,
to be blinded by it, to feel its warmth on his skin until he’s red and
The ride back to Baker Street doesn’t take long. They stop at their favourite Thai take-away to get something for dinner. Beforehand, John has texted Mrs
expectation to feel a touch on his lips. When he hears the rustle of paper,
“No. Shut up.“
the sea. He dreams he’s swimming, naked, and there’s someone else in the
“Yes, and clearly you have forgotten the most important parts.”
“Thought I’d give you a hand.”
unfolds upon entering.
“No, thanks,” John says, and the girls leave.
sharing a cab and don’t talk much. It doesn’t feel strange.
Without understanding how, the hours slip away from them. They pack some
skin of John’s back, giving him goosebumps. John slips his hands under
Sherlock, but each move less forceful than the previous, and eventually,
“I've just realized it never got anywhere close to the real thing.“
The feeling of these holidays is utter shite, he thinks while the air
John's eyes turned a shade darker (
him shiver.
“I've passed out and am lying face down in the water.“
Sherlock’s gaze on him and turns to look at him.
, but
focuses on Sherlock’s eyes, deep and dark now like a storm-ridden sea, and
John is doing there. Sherlock laughs, a small, content rumble, and starts
Being with James became more thrilling. The possibility of something more
fall back as Sherlock sucks another love bite against his collarbone.
though I tried.”
he gets bored halfway through it, it’s too hot to focus. So he finally
Sherlock must have thought that he — that he doesn’t want him. That John
desert. He wanted to get closer to the troops, closer to where things were
It’s Arnel, calm and friendly, a cigarette between his lips. He nods to the
tight-lipped disapproval, the way some people firmly pull their kids away
seduction. He undresses John, carefully and efficiently, but with an
“You don’t look like it at the first glance, but there’s so much loyalty
They hand the cigarette back and forth, fingers touching, until John curls
“I… fell in love, mum.” He swallows again. “In France.”
wanting to wake Harry and John. She walks through the darkness into the
“You call me an idiot surprisingly often if that’s really what you think I
Masturbation was
He brushes his teeth for less than thirty seconds, uses the loo and strips
“So. What is it you want to tell me?” she asked, when she came to the kitchen two minutes later.
Sherlock turns his head and brushes a kiss against John’s cheekbone. John
looking at their intertwined hands.
“Probably.” Sherlock can’t make up his mind about what to do, for once it
“You want to tell me what you’re dreaming about?”
part.
Sherlock had changed everything. And when Sherlock died, Mary changed
“Yeah, I fucking know! But think of all the advantages it might have for
resting, but his mind is wide awake. His eyes give it away, unmistakably.
this her perfect day.
“I don’t quite know. I didn’t… expect it to be like that with her.”
in her direction when she blows him a kiss. Arnel
hand over both his eyes. “Christ, this film has shattered me.”
the others.
liked him.”
hours.
paying him a visit. But he went to Victor’s place first.
Sherlock’s reading the postcard over John’s shoulder, leaning far too
“I’ll join you. At least taking you there.”
The sky is lighter than he expected, lit by a myriad of stars, by the whole
longer than it was in France, as if he didn’t have time to have a haircut.
“Hey Sherlock, what did you say?“
Sherlock can’t say anything else, he is afraid the next thing that comes
He knows John won’t just leave. John can be stubborn, so much more stubborn
dusky autumn night.
“Yes, er, Sherlock. This is actually what I want to talk to you about.”
more, eat the baguette left over from breakfast so they don’t have to throw
opening his eyes. He has to blink a few times until the blur vanishes.
escape for a few more minutes. The way the sea sparkle was glowing in the
“I’ve got no other option, John. I’ve just got... you.“
they are. He sighs. In the end he’s no wiser than he was before — there are
gentle touching, that feeling of being held. It had been shocking.
John starts to smile, he smiles until it captures his whole face.
enough vacant seats for the four of them in one place. The seats look worn
and inhales. He’s smoking too much tonight, but he doesn’t care. He’d do a
recruited. Especially not to him.
Italian summer together.
down and rests his head on John’s belly again. John feels the water from
He laughs in spite of being completely overwhelmed. He turns his head
stops, bows down and takes some seawater into his hands to have a close
anymore,” Mycroft translates, “Better keep that in mind.”
sight, to say the least. And it sticks to his mind far more than he would like to, popping up before his
“Why are you bothered?” John sounds exactly as pissed off as he feels, and
door behind him, wraps his body in his mum’s woollen blanket against the
The sun rises higher in the sky and the shadows of the trees grow shorter,
they’ve head earlier.
Sherlock moves above him, lifting himself up a little to give John space to
But the holidays are over and there’s no way to change things. They’ll
to drown in, gradually getting lighter towards the setting sun. John
forth on where to find the bottle of
So he sits down in the sand in the darkness, a few feet away from the
one more deep breath, and pulls himself together. He wants to finish his
other for the first time. He knows what it feels like, seeing his lover
off, they overran the camp. I was shot. Ten more people dead, 23 wounded.”
“Bloody hell. I knew it.“
The remainder of 22 December and the next day have passed in a sweet blur
“Don’t worry, little brother,” Harry smirks and presses, to his utter
intimately. Sherlock rustles with his clothes, cleaning up a bit. John
stops next to John, and Arnel leans out of the driver’s window.
Sherlock started the car and drove to the road. It was the A82, the signpost said, but John had no idea where they were. He must have been thinking out
Sherlock's bedroom.
bead of precome on his cock, about to drop down on John’s belly, soft and
“The fucking milky way,” John whispers incredulously. He didn’t expect to
“You like him,” Elio states.
to bring a few clothes for Eddie.”
“Hence the nightmares.”
When they are done, the dean thanks Sherlock and invites him and John to
checking, Sherlock raises his eyebrows as he takes a look at his torn
Matilda grins. She points towards the bathroom, leaning forward with all
John thinks.
head to the ceiling to fight the tears. He tries not to snivel.
than his knowledge of language, of even thinking in words. It’s from the
He takes a breath, deep and long, hesitating to abandon his self-obligation
passed by.
“Yeah. Yours.”
kneads them hard. “It’s not like I’ve been in love with a boy before.”
is enough.
house fire, poisonous smoke stinging in his nostrils, aching in his lungs.
he argues back internally,
Saturday morning, the October sun sending its milky rays through his
Somehow they make it through the first verses, but John isn’t concentrating
he isn’t comfortable with this whole idea. As if it had only been the
gaze lingering on a spot on John’s body. But then he, too, smiles and
how he had turned the key in the keyhole? On the stairs, he heard Sherlock playing the violin. When he entered the flat, Sherlock didn’t stop, he just
the sweet tease of orgasm hovering in John’s touches, waiting in his own
“Heroin and cocaine, a seven percent solution, and whatever had been
chest.
“Yeah, pa,” John confirms. “He’s just taking a shower.”
first kissed Sherlock. Was it really just a few days ago? And just now he
glass of Scotch.
slow down and he was close to panicking. He heard steps on the stairs and after a moment, there was a knock on the door.
and slowly pushes his finger between Sherlock’s lips. The sound Sherlock
And he’ll see them again, both of them. Soon. Maybe Sherlock can come to
shoot him as well. Sometimes, images of Sherlock on the pavement pop up. Or
“Good. That’s good. Isn’t it?”
As gently as possible, he slips out of Sherlock’s body, Sherlock’s hand
James’s Park instead of the office. He grabs his hitherto untouched glass
When Margaret puts Matilda down again, she starts howling, raising her arms
“Going out for a pint after watching a film?” John tries with a smile,
evaporating into the night. They’ll reveal a dark blue sky, stretching out
hair and grazes them across his scalp, harder than a caress would be. He
The first few moments with Greg were a bit awkward. Obviously, he didn't know how to start a conversation. But John was glad to see him. Greg had been
What else?”
it sounds full of memories of pleasure and bliss, of satisfaction. “I’ve
with his left hand. John holds Sherlock with his gaze, making sure he is
cornerstone by heart.
When Elio kisses Oliver for the first time, open-mouthed and daring, he
cask that would jump out if you stabbed enough of those little plastic
him marvel at how John can be so skilled at kissing and Sherlock never had
Sherlock’s hand before letting go. Whoever Sherlock has called is now
It’s no different this time. They lock eyes and John has the impression
to the Holmes's house falls shut behind him.
are looking at them.
the world turns from dark monochrome to pale colour. John thinks of the
long, deep groan, his head thrown back against the mattress, Sherlock
admit to have killed the Warsaw agent and a few other things John can’t
John’s heavy exhales.
I need to talk to John’s mother, though.
he must be completely aware of what this is doing to John.
The peach was smashed, a juicy pulp where he’d pushed into its soft, wet
difference at all. He smiles a hidden smile and wipes the corner of his eye
it. He knows what it’s like on a calm sunny day like this, but he also
John sucks in a breath, and holds it. He knows that breathing out might
“Yes. Your commanding officer.”
to be appropriate, it didn't quite meet what Sherlock meant to him. Not
There’s still sand in the depths of John’s pockets, and his clothes carry
smiling at Harry as they talk. She’s beautiful, John thinks. He likes her a
Sherlock just sat suddenly without his warmth.
The first thing Sherlock notices is that if he tries to sit up, he can’t.
the chair, ready for tomorrow morning. Stumbling into bed he wonders how
deep, dark eyes.
John looks down at himself, scanning for what it might be that had caught
closer to losing control. He watches it all being stripped off until
cigarettes he’s smoked, with the sweetish-sour taste of alcohol and stomach
John puts on the hoodie and watches Sherlock fish a cigarette out of the
Sherlock notices how blank his mind is. Not a single thought, no
clothes. He pulls his hood down over his face, a gust of wind pushing him
morning when John took the picture of him with Gemma’s camera.
he thinks, and moans and pants harder, John’s name and words he didn’t know
John thinks, trying to fit that information in with the picture he has of
It sounds like a plea, as if he couldn’t say anything but this. So many
So he slept with Sherlock, he — he fucked him. He fucked Sherlock.
time, every single time it starts pulsing joy and excitement through his
Sherlock casts him a look with eyes that are silver in the darkness, and
water between them. John has the impression it’s being warmed by their
living in London.“
But Sherlock goes deeper, down John’s sternum and across his belly. He
The research for this chapter was thrilling. And I'm sure it has landed me on the radar of several secret services that are trying to prevent terrorist attacks in London, though.
“I’ll be back in a second, Sherlock, okay?” says John —
shuddering at his own touch, almost squirming. Sherlock’s chest heaves, and
breath. He closes his eyes, still feeling his heart beat a tad faster, a
“Yes. Yes. Coming.”
they’re at the beach, running naked to their clothes. They get dressed
shore.
“Anytime, Sherlock.”
and steady, watching his back, as he always does. Sherlock wants to sigh
anyone or anything else, except for Matilda, of course. More than once, John gratefully thinks of the money that allows him to be at home all day instead
Excitement and nervousness kick in once more, making the insides of his
fingers. John grabs him, holds him, trying to be gentle and failing. He
“You ok?”
“Oh my God, Sherlock-” John pants as Sherlock is wrapping his hand around
Victor’s melodic laughter, combined with a breathless “God, Sherlock,
mine, so he could call me that night, and then I hoped we'd talk about when
have kept it in his pocket for a long time. Sherlock’s eyes wander across
weeks. It feels so much better than the running ever did. The sky is dark
during that first night at the campfire.
“Sh’lock!” Matilda proclaims.
building at Vauxhall Cross. Several computers are whirring gently with
“God... Sherlock...“, John moaned low, “Windows are open. Let’s take this somewhere else.“ -
John and Matilda move back into 221b just some days later. John brings their clothes, some books, his laptop and Matilda’s stuff. When they arrive at Baker
“Over here, in Matilda’s room.”
ammonium nitrate to blow up the Tower of London,” Sherlock barks into his
Sherlock does. These two used to be closest to Sokół when Sherlock was in
John involuntarily grinds his own cock against the mattress. He tries to
Their mum’s eyes are gentle. There are questions, and there’s uncertainty,
to dry, he gets up and leaves the beach, and walks up straight to the tents
Sherlock’s hair, pulling him closer.
This picture fades a little as Sherlock replies, “Yes. Things are rather
Sherlock doesn’t let go of John’s hand on their way back. Instead, he keeps
wants to stay in bed, run his fingers across the small bumps under the
man ended up here, taking his clothes off for him. Sherlock opens
Mycroft takes it and after a short shake of hands, he says, “Now go. Your
“Yes.“
John takes it and pulls. Harry and Gemma walk further down the pier, taking
the lists there as well. They brood over the prop list. They also got a list of everybody who has participated in the plays where the items were used. When
before she came in. He’d tried to will down the panic, but now it threatens
“Yeah, think so too. Maybe it makes me look dangerous.“ He laughs. „I'm doing quite well, the concussion is all over and stuff.“
desperately need to come at the same time. He wants to make Sherlock let go
a smile which suffuses his face with such happiness that Sherlock realizes
He shakes his head.
It feels far away in the light of day, and John’s tempted to just sit here
already knows that he’s had sex with him. Suddenly he grasps that there are
lingering in his mouth. He is aroused, he is excited, he is vibrant with lust and life – but he isn’t nervous, not anymore. They have established their own
John’s lips.
of Sherlock, Eddie and James.
He doesn’t quite notice how they get from the port to the station, but lets
the doors at the other end of the carriage. John watches him cover his face
of wine is almost empty, Sherlock takes out his cigarettes, opens the pack
tries to stroke him quickly with his pinky finger, sometimes he threads his
John doesn’t know how much time passes. He gently breaks the kiss, slightly
are the sounds Sherlock makes during kissing, this is how he tastes. This
tries to coordinate the motion of his mouth and of his hand, tries to find
Outside the building, Greg asks, “Cigarette?”
When they reach the small hill in Primrose Hill Park, they find the benches all empty and sit down. The view over Regent’s Park and London is very nice indeed. As if the metropolis was situated in a huge garden scenery.
John wanders to one of the other tents, just planning to ask Marcus if he has seen Sherlock. Instead he is urged to tell some stories from his blog. Apparently his blog is being read even by elderly folks in the countryside. When John is just about to summarize Sherlock’s deductions from their case in Dartmoor a few years ago, he stops mid-sentence. Suddenly he can smell Sherlock’s aftershave. Looking around to locate him, he hears Sherlock’s voice summoning him in a whisper, “John, come.” Just these two words. John turns around, but he only sees Sherlock’s back vanish in yet another group of cheerful people. “Er, right. You know, actually you can read it all on the blog. I think I have to go now... just excuse me,” he distractedly manages to say when he leaves the small bunch of people gathered around him.
not giving John any chance to protest. “Gemma, Arnel, how about you?”
now but James.
and vertigo is creeping like excitement through his
here and no-one had opened the door. What would have happened if Sherlock
idea of what Sherlock must have been like as a child.
warmth of his body. For the first time in weeks, John isn’t cold.
open-mouthed, breathing quickly.
stands up, and tentatively takes a few steps until he can see the sea. He
hand. He has to take care that he doesn’t, by accident, though.
“I am. When did you get up?”
the dune along the beach, and Sherlock is still walking ahead of John
Sherlock’s mental notes on this experiment changed from
John gets up. He crawls out of his tent and pulls his hoodie closer around
all he can do is flash Sherlock a grateful smile and nod towards the
Sherlock is about to rise from his chair to follow him when the boy says in
Without asking for permission, she peeks inside. She looks worried, but
needs—
“Oh.“
those people on the beach to see. He wonders how he’s supposed to make it
When he left Baker Street two months ago, he had loved John and Matilda no
lines and wrinkles. There isn’t much left intact he could recognize. Death
Sherlock is walking next to him, the others a few steps ahead.
Sherlock for a long time. Sherlock only realizes a few heartbeats later
“Come,” John growls. He turns and puts three fingers on Sherlock’s forearm,
to. Now that James rejected him for reasons John could only guess, he gave
There’s no way he could ever thank these two enough.
and who’s worth confiding in? And would it change anything after all?
touch, maybe not even a conscious one. It’s slowly turning into something
arrival of 2018.
cautious and distant about him. If it wasn’t for that occasional distance, he might actually start hoping for something
John is. And she’s his sister.
waiting. Except when there had been fights and he had to work 18 hours
On the way home he stumbles through dark streets, the asphalt glistening
When his heart starts beating too quickly and he has to decide between
finishes writing a first draft of the case they had solved a few days
worse.
something more than friendship in Arnel’s eyes, if he’s flirting with
itself around the vulnerable, aching part of his soul, the one that had
of whitewater gleaming in the darkness after the tempest, when everything’s
Er, maybe, that is!”
John had never seen Matilda as excited as on that day. To be honest, he had
are pressed against each other, Sherlock’s hard cock against his thigh.
on his lips. For now, nothing is left unspoken.
ten minutes for the rest of his team to arrive and open the doors, and picks the lock of the first flat within a minute. To find Michael Cooper, a
from the bottle, Sherlock hands him the cigarette, touching his hand. John
goes inside.
the right thing to do, sex; trying to seize every last moment they can have
John gasps for air. His climax is rapidly and violently building up inside
worry. It’s just tobacco, no weed.”
turned from reliving my memories into creating hopes. Anything to keep me
“What is it that you want, John?“
on a chilly evening. But never like this, sitting so close they almost
again.
struggles with getting his legs out of this last piece of clothing. When it
annulment of their marriage. He signed them and had them sent back without a word. He chose a small white tombstone for the little girl, with just her name
to admit. He mustn’t fail at this. Matilda needs him, and she needs him
looking at the hotchpotch of old and new cabinets, some yellowed with age,
blood through his body. It is deafening.
Mycroft had mouthed and John had tapped on the speaker button.
He recalls what he was thinking when he added this song to the playlist.
against Sherlock’s entrance, he doesn’t even think of the difficulties they
tempting and a bit dangerous. He dives a lot.
“And?”
Reluctantly, they emerge from John’s tent. They’re still kissing, murmuring
As he closes his eyes, all the images of this night return. It’s the images
goosebumps rising on his skin, in spite of the sun shining down on them.
He took a sip from his pint.
hill. He wants to take Sherlock’s hand and gently pull him along, urge him
sighs again, barely audible, melting into the touch.
half-searching. “It’s not only
orders and preparing for an attack that was unlikely to be victorious.
hair and light skin, he feels something touching his sides. He nearly
future. He needs to get used to this, to himself again, with everything
“I am really fine. Things are really… quite amazing.”
the crumpled pack of cigarettes and a lighter out of his jeans pocket.
with that everything starts to fall into place until their touches feel so
the mission. Or when Mycroft is out, attending some formal dinner at
valuable source of information. She reactivated contacts to former
“God, Sherlock, can I… can I move? Fuck, I… I need to move. You feel—”
John opens his mouth, huffing a laugh.
Harry rubs her hand across her face, and John recognises himself in that
light, still travelling through space, although the stars themselves have
“Did Mycroft ever have a partner before?”
At the restaurant, a little later, they have pizza and some wine. John
John hesitates. What is this about?
Sherlock plays the violin. He improvises the
“Well, Sherlock, we might have to change a few things…”
Long minutes pass, and John sucks him with his eyes closed. He feels
maybe even move schools. Their mum had stayed calm, although she can’t
John came back from France suddenly speeds up. His mum’s colleague and his
until their lips meet. They roll their hips against each other slowly,
sleeping bag. He pushes aside his rugby bag and his school uniform that he
is gone. As is everything holding him back from a
it’s shorter, and he’s wearing glasses. His sturdy frame is upholstered
“Please, Johnny. Mum won’t let me go on my own. I’ll go mad if I stay here
“So... hard,” Sherlock adds, still sounding so very calm.
He grabs the t-shirt he slept in last night and cleans them up a bit. Then he lies down, nestling into Sherlock’s side, kissing him on his cheek bone. They lie there for a while. With a voice gentler than John would have ever thought possible, Sherlock says, “John. I might be in love with you.”
china cup as he says, “So you're shagging my favourite DI then?”
his heels, staring daggers at Arnel, John and Sherlock. A minute later,
option, given that fact that it is afternoon and Matilda is awake. Unaware
blades echoes over the field and John is buzzing with anticipation to
seen. When will he touch John again? Feels his skin, smell it, taste it?
he vows, clenching his fist as he follows on Sherlock’s heels. They run
The saliva on John’s finger is gone quickly, spread on Sherlock’s skin and
Mycroft is a little slower today. A bit more relaxed. His stiff upper lip
dared look too closely, too afraid what else might come up. John has no
Sometimes, at night, thoughts about Mary keep creeping into John’s mind.
“I’ll talk to him. See what we can do.”
crisp, sunny Thursday afternoon. They leave after lunch, so Matilda can
Bordeaux.
“Yes. It’s her birthday at the end of June. Since she turns 75, she has decided to have a little party.” Sherlock’s face expresses agony. “We’re supposed to stay from Friday to Sunday, and Mycroft will be coming as well.”
piling up next to the sofa. Things like books from his childhood bedroom he
“Are you alright? You’re bleeding, John, quite a lot.”
bone-deep sadness that has erased every spark of energy he had left. He
.” He pulls John down, closer
“We’ll try,” John confirms and brushes away Sherlock’s tears with his
He didn’t dare moving. He heard the familiar noises of a field hospital. He
brush his lips against John’s nape in a feather-light, wet kiss. It really,
takes off the mask and smiles at him triumphantly, her face red-rimmed from
and John feels the light, even movements of his breathing. He wants to kiss
withdraw his arm.
rest on the sand, touching it as lightly as only near-weightless things
away, he finds himself pondering the question whether Sherlock might be
“Happy new year.”
He moves to the second aisle. John can see him quickly walk forwards between the boxes. Sherlock is faster than he. John's aisle is blocked with things
have pressed down the strings of the violin, and across the veins,
his skin gleams in a blueish shade of white in the dim light. John licks
Sherlock panting within a minute, sweat on his forehead and his cock wet with precome. He lets go of his cock, adds some lube and starts grinding his hips
moves John can tell that she’s grumpy. Gemma wakes, too, stretches, and
John takes them both into his hand and dives into Sherlock’s rhythm. Sherlock throws back his head and opens his mouth as if to shout out.
He watches him.
“My dad didn’t really like it. I think he preferred the idea that he was
They dance, Sherlock’s hand resting against John’s neck again. He leads
underneath him, he is watching John, taking him in. He is breathing through
connection so intense that John has to blink a few times. Each time he
“I won’t.“
He wonders what Sherlock’s doing now, how he feels. He almost gets up to go
But then Sherlock moves, lifting his hips and pressing them against John’s
more depressing than the dark of the night.
of how far they are willing to go to protect each other. And that it takes
relaxes into John’s arms.
squirm under his touch, under his mouth, under his tongue, until he is
one another as they undress. They both notice, quickly looking the other
“I can’t,” Sherlock says. It’s no more than a broken whisper, as if John
“You know him?”
simmering, ready to boil over any minute.
his own hands that will feel better than the touch of Sherlock’s lips, his
Now. There is a plot for a third part on my laptop. We shall see.
pauses. His smile is fading, he turns his head and looks out at the
have a book read to her or decides to explore the kitchen drawers once
John turns, intending to kiss Sherlock again, to thank him for being here
and I just… walked away,” he murmurs into
their kisses and touches. Of the fact that Sherlock wants
John blushes, and he turns his head to kiss Sherlock again. And wanting to
with his head on his shoulder, the warm weight of his body pressed against
he stifles it; tries to, at least.
“witness-protection-programme. I will see to that the inhabitants of this
sleeps soundly while Sherlock reads next to him, while the seagulls cry
bad joke.
“Is it like that when they die?”
leaning back against his chair.
the letters, and he tries not to wait for a reply.
like a broken cassette player, laughing for no reason. He’d understood that
John takes a double step and then he’s back at Sherlock’s side. He nods. He
(See the end of the chapter for
clothes as quickly as possible. But then his stomach growls loudly, and he
he counters himself, knowing it’s
almost one and a half years now and they have explored things rather
him.” He swallows. He can’t go on and looks up at Harry instead. She’s
It doesn’t take very long; maybe the girls don’t even notice. But John
Sherlock very slowly starts undoing the buttons of his cuffs. He never stops looking at John and with his face partly hidden in the shade, John can’t
of the change her little life will be undergoing soon, she wants something
He feels dizzy and overwhelmed after those talks, so he goes for a run
shadow over his soul for the duration of a cigarette he never smokes at the
what finally makes him come, cherishing his dream’s image of another
that he expects more, that he knows Sherlock can do better. Sherlock wipes
mouth and he almost has to laugh when he realizes that this might be a
“Sherlock,” he says, “these must be the complete importation documents and
grins over the noise of the bass and hands John and Bill a beer each.
John can’t resist the urge to kiss him again. Sherlock groans into John’s
mixing into an essence of what they were.
confusion that has been growing in his gut for the past few days. The
John nods. He can’t pull himself away immediately, but suddenly he’s
“Sir, we need to check your head. We have to remove your headset,” one of
until John feels the tip of his cock against his entrance. Sherlock pushes,
“She looks — fine,” Sherlock tries. “She sounded fine last night, well,
Mycroft's. He opens his zipper, almost feeling John's hands as he had taken
“Yes,” Sherlock’s voice is that low rumble again, driving John mad.
until his breathing is too slow, too fucking slow to keep up with his
How could he have
They sit together in the dark. John’s heart beats fast; it already had been
ocean they’re swimming in.
now at the inevitability of this thought.
for him and how much he wants him to be happy. John stands up and hugs
and held by Sherlock’s strong body, he takes in every detail. The shape and
You just keep me hanging on
walked by.
At the same time his stomach clenches into a painful ball. His body
“Your birthday? A party? Since when do you celebrate your birthday? Mycroft? Oh no… Do I really have to come?” He pauses.
were the last days like for him? He showed me the sea sparkle and I — I
stolen moment. Then he pulls himself up to his feet, puts the backpack on
how to court Sherlock.
time to heal, Sherlock. It takes time.” A kiss to his neck. “A lot of time,
squeezes his eyes against it and yet meets his gaze in the mirror. He looks
his stomach and his nudity is safely hidden, he takes his time and looks
they have found his anus. Sherlock makes a helpless, desperate noise that
John feels off-kilter all morning. The emotional exhaustion that comes with
“Good morning, Mycroft. I… Well, I’ve got a question. I need to move. Or
the pain of his skull being disrupted, of his brain being destroyed. He
tears from her eyes as they left and made them promise they would be back
A few moments pass until Sherlock replies. Initially, John doesn’t
wants to preserve the way the sun makes the sea glisten at sunset, knowing
“Mmh, thanks.” Sherlock takes the flannel from John’s hand and wipes it
them again, he vows that if they somehow make it through this night, if
John had smiled as well, pecked another kiss on his forehead and inhaled
Sherlock is squirming and shivering with need.
“If it makes you pay for take-away...“ John grins, but then the look in his eyes changes.  “See, the past weeks...
love in her eyes.
“Let me... help you, Sherlock.”
and suggests, “Let’s have a cigarette. At the bench.”
year at boarding school he had felt himself longing. He had hated it. He
He has to swallow twice before he can speak again.
put his hand on John’s forehand and raised his eyebrows as he felt the heat. John drifted off again.
And he’s hard. He hears voices outside, some people he doesn’t know are
The pool of honey-like joy turns into a small fire, licking at John’s
All sensation is focused at the points where John is touching him. The
the wet sand on the shore. It’s like watching the water rise, towering up
loss. About how this film has stirred something inside him he had deemed
They end the call.
Sherlock groans helplessly against John’s cock when John strokes his tongue
worries.
being. Although he doesn’t even know the parents or the child, he hopes it
Sometimes, when he saw that John had neither slept nor eaten, he brought a coffee or something to eat. John felt his eyes on him. He didn't dare to look
Moments pass. Gemma and the Germans are still discussing tattoos. James and
spreading his legs wider, just by a few millimetres. It’s a small gesture.
John swallowed and stared at the duvet.
It is icy outside, freezing even in central London. They walk eastwards
four deep breaths.
recall the names of these colours —
Lestrade replies. „He said the cold might have affected her heart, that sometimes happens.“
had slept in his own room, still unsure if Sherlock wanted him like that.
feel as if there isn’t any time to lose. John kisses him hungrily.
Sherlock would know this. Because he
tightens and waits for an explanation, a statement:
and a fine dusting of sand all over his clothes. The ridge of his nose is
“Hello, Captain Reid,” John says upon opening the door.
He has no idea why exactly this is the first thing he asks, when there are
John swallows, and in the end, they get dressed and step outside, starting
He leans in to kiss Sherlock, a wordless reassurance that, yes, they’re
draw in a sharp breath.
as he speaks. “We had to get dressed pretty quickly,” he adds in a low
things found their way into Sherlock’s bedroom, even though he still kept his clothes in his wardrobe upstairs. His pyjamas. A cardigan he forgot to take
Harry just looks at him for a heartbeat before she replies. She smiles, but
struggling for the right words to name his overflowing emotions. John is
“John.”
had settled in John’s heart is gently blown away, carried off on the light
the storm. He tries to detach himself from this house, but he knows he’s
Matilda’s pa. He fits into that role surprisingly well. He has changed quite a bit. He sticks to smaller cases with little
house he has thought of Sherlock’s lips. He has fantasized even, but the
later.
a bit. Sitting down again, Greg coughs and says, “Stop that now or I’ll start crying, John.”
tongue, the knowledge that it’s Sherlock who’s doing this to him. Christ,
targets, is there?”
John wanted to try this, other than he had fifteen years ago with Rob.
anything. He lost consciousness. When he woke up again, he was covered in
puts a little bit of dough in her mouth, John is about to say something to
walk along the beach for a while on their way back to the tents, and John
“I don’t think I can sleep now.” His voice is barely more than a whisper.
bed’s frame and the mattress where he usually hides them. They’re not
unbearable. He starts moving his hips, struggling to push as gently as
As they walk, John lets his hand brush against Sherlock’s. Sometimes he
asked John, called Harry, if they still needed these old books or those old
the door and slowly slid down until he sat on his feet. The tears came back and he cried.
his nose, then straightens and fiercely meets Sherlock’s gaze. “But you’re
could hardly see anything in the darkness of the tent. He rather sensed
to apply for it. He talked about it with Harry in the evenings, when she
as he meet John’s gaze.
and gets up. He slips into his jeans and searches unsuccessfully for the
Sherlock isn’t going to steal away after an early breakfast and take the
too, is gone.
“You've been fantasizing about me.“
hell. It doesn’t feel as if you were a—”
suddenly gone.”
“Sherlock. My love. My man,” John says, not very loudly and with much more
glances at Sherlock once more as if letting go of their intimacy, of their
“Thank you. For taking me here.”
A moment later, Sherlock asks, “And you?”
John swallows all his come, and he stays there, his head resting on
Sherlock and Matilda are given clearance to leave the house.
John’s posture speaks insecurity, speaks nervousness. It comes with sweaty
And of course Harry’s noticed, and she’d probably understand him. Yet he
His skin is prickling with need and curiosity, with arousal. He walks
“Hi,” Harry says, peeking inside. It’s still raining, and a few droplets
John’s excitement is sweet and intoxicating, it’s singing in his system
comfortable position. Sherlock stretches and pushes his arm under John’s
it’s because he knows what Sherlock is like when he allows himself to be
“Yeah — I get it!” John laughs, and he doesn’t know where to look. “I just,
“Never saw it that way, but, yes.“
eats it, without a bowl, or a spoon, or milk.
talking and walk back to the campsite.
they want to buy it quickly. John realises that they must have talked
Sherlock turns away from John and lets out a breath. His face crumples, but
sand. Sherlock and John come closer to the
his hand. He pushes upwards, pulling John with him. John moves his legs,
work for another two hours.
It’s no insult after all, he gets how Sherlock means it. It’s just true.
oddly moved by the fact that he’s the first person Sherlock has woken up
“Maybe I did. Just needed him as some sort of conductor of light, you know?
rays of sunshine falling through the smallest crack, the tiniest gap,
They both know that this is the last time before they separate. They take
They take a cab back to Baker Street and end up in London's daily rush hour traffic jam. John is pleasantly nervous with anticipation. His head aches a bit
Sherlock doesn’t say anything for a long time.
“Kitchen.” Sherlock doesn’t show the slightest inclination of getting up.
minute, he appreciates the silence.
Sherlock. There is no one she has such a strong bond with. No one who loves
John gets his book out of the tent, balancing between Sherlock’s long legs
jokes and laugh, but behind their laughter is an attentive cautiousness, a constant
They eat at the small kitchen table. He forces a few bites of pizza past
enough to see every fine line on their surface. There’s a pronounced dip in
Sherlock slides his hand down, takes his cock into his hand and starts —
He stands next to his towel, unsure whether to sit down or go for a swim.
too much. And he wants to forget about it, all of it, ignore that part of
down and pick up something small from the wet sand, a shell, a starfish,
“Come on,” Sherlock insists, watching John in the darkness. After a beat,
Sherlock holds his breath longer than John can. He isn’t up when John
Afterwards, they sleep. Sticky, sweaty, tangled in discarded t-shirts and
Everything that looks dark and difficult even during the day turns into a
“Ever since Sherlock got to know you he has been a bit happier, a bit more balanced. I mean, he is still rude and doesn’t call, but he was… better. You can
John sounds startled.
Sherlock’s gaze, and nods back.
“Yeah, but I think you like it, too.”
He is far beyond thinking, but he remembers how Sherlock licked these very
belly. He wants to touch every inch of him. Always.
the guitar, the singer’s voice. John knows the song, he’s heard it on
“Touch me again,” he says. “You touched me.”
“Ok. So now we've definitely got a connection between Sokół and Valadsko
Within an instant, John’s heart pounds deafeningly in his chest and he’s up
work while they’re dreading to say good-bye and already missing each other.
Later, Harry and Gemma return, and they talk about the exact things John
advance. Miracle how he had remembered that just after taking the cocaine
everything on the inside in bright blues and yellows. If he doesn’t move
because he loves Sherlock. And it really seems like — with a madly beating
the headache raging inside him, he stares at the wallpaper next to his bed
marvellous.
grazes his fingers across John’s back in an echo of the way he did earlier,
as he’s conscious and responding, let’s wait. And as soon as he shows any
After a paralyzed moment, Greg clears his throat. “Ok, I’ll give you two a
“Look, Matilda, there’s your carrot. Chew. It’ll help you with your teeth,“ John offers wearily. While Matilda actually does start chewing her carrot, they
“Well, yeah, sure…” He walked into the kitchen to see if Sherlock was still busy with his latest experiment. He turned to him, saying “Case, Sherlock. Come
things that look ridiculous and meaningless in the face of putting a needle
Sherlock
“How do you mean, Mr Lestrade? ... Ooooh... Yes.“ She smiles and Sherlock hears the pride in her voice.
blowjob Sherlock gave him that he has to look the other way.
him, all of them preferably tonight.
“Telly?“ Sherlock asks without looking at him.
John pushes in a little further, exploring, and sliding back a little. He looks at Sherlock, his eyes are closed and his hand is gliding up and down his
next 48 hours in bed. That eager young doctor almost made me promise.“
The other place the owners opened last month a few streets from there is
John draws back and smiles, chest heaving.
-stuff, though, the older songs.”
And @icanwritesee, @green-violin-bow, @jbaillier, @isitandwonder, @lakritzkatze, @SinceWhenDoYouCallMe-John and, last but not least, my patient and supportive husband. <3
breathes.
the sea. John would have liked to share this moment with him and he wonders if Sherlock liked swimming when he was still living at his parents. He can’t
spikes at that realization.
Someone has brought a ghetto blaster up the dune, there’s music tonight,
then goes through the small pile of mail on the kitchen table. John had
his eyes still closed, “You’ve got a remarkably beautiful arse, John.”
him up, drags him under and whirls him through it. But all the time he
He puts his hand on her forehead. Which is difficult, because she buries
night slowly fading. By sudden impulse, John turns towards Sherlock as they
thing to John.
finished eating. He shoves his food back into its container and puts it in
though. John is grateful for that and closes his eyes for a moment. He’s
John closes his eyes. Sherlock moves and shifts on the bench, and for
he takes a deep breath. He fucking wants to be a doctor.
rests heavier against John’s body. Long minutes ago it’s started as a
suck John harder.
And then it’s — this, the trip to France with Gemma and Harry. An overnight
that even more memories are dissolving. What did the space between
with mud, Sherlock says, “I told my dad though. On the phone, this
“Yeah, you’re probably right. I am just so angry.”
“It — it was at sea. At night. And a group of people came running down the
petrol and seared skin.
He had been so happy and so busy that he hadn’t thought (
“I’ll just go and get my cigarettes,” Sherlock murmurs, and he isn’t quite
warrior resigning himself as day breaks to the fate awaiting him on the
alive again, a little less tense. Definitely less trapped.
watches his trainers, wet, a fallen leaf sticking to the side of his left
get to the point where he can see the obvious hints the author has given,
He misses him so much. He wonders if Sherlock would like it here, tries to
John’s come, around his own cock. John pictures him moving it up and down
doesn’t even know any families where elite military academies are a
grins, raises her eyebrows and shakes her head, making unmistakably clear
confidence. When the image eventually begins to fade from his mind, he has
“Come with me, Sherlock?” he asks, nodding at the toiletries in his hand.
so often brimming with emotion and wit. The shape of his ears, the slightly
“Anytime, John.“
of living.
strands of John’s hair.
They lie there for a while, Sherlock’s hands playing with John’s hair and John gently sliding his fingers over Sherlock’s hipbones. He kisses them and
hurts, and he knows he’s going to have a muscle ache from heaving. He sits
rather spend your time playing football or rugby. You would have chosen
But it doesn’t fade.
his head against Sherlock’s shoulder, holding each other. They just lie
“Yes, it is. I still can't believe it.”
“Maybe he’ll be a bit less obnoxious with Greg around.”
tomorrow.
beginning of a new relationship. A few raindrops fall, soft and soundless,
joy to an extent that makes it difficult for John to delve into dark thoughts and questions. They are so happy being around Matilda - and it absolutely
“Hey. I can read you a book. Let’s see… how about this one, you like it.
most of his life, now. He has to stop waiting for good things to simply
With inexplicable gentleness John kisses Sherlock. It is barely more than a
water from the tap while Harry and Gemma come in to have a look. Gemma’s
Mary was asked several times why she started pursuing a relationship with
cock.
but he feels the light press of Sherlock leaning into the touch. From the
all he can see is a swirl of blue and flashes of light and dark, of skin
spots some freckles there, just a few, as if they were strewn across the
By the time they get closer to Calais, John’s worked up; frustrated, sad
Sherlock groans into John’s mouth when he comes. John kisses him hard, he
Sherlock holds him tight. John feels Sherlock’s heart beat against his own.
is a word play on
“Hey Eddie, I know a bit of first aid. Can I have a look at your head?”
“I guess you just have to keep talking to her. Just tell her something.
the other day and was fascinated by. The familiar music might help. As he
John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders. He
waves. He takes a few more quick steps. As soon as the water reaches up to
Southsea Castle is old and bulky, made of heavy grey walls, weathered by
John didn’t feel a lot like eating, but it was probably a good idea. It just took him two minutes until he was at a sandy beach. The waves rolled in,
“Now we can have that cigarette,” John says in a low voice as they break
He focuses on what he feels — John’s smaller, strong hand holding his own,
status concerning Sokół?”
gradually calms down. He allows himself to sink more heavily against John,
touches his lips, “Breathe, John. Everything is fine.” And they fall asleep.
he feels his breath on his face and his plush, soft lips on his own. He
John takes a sip, then meets Sherlock’s eyes again. After a beat of
tomato sauce and floury dust. They’re talking rapidly in a language John
moves anymore. He dimly registers he’s pushing his hips against Sherlock’s
be a doctor, she’s known for ages — at some point she suggested I just
learned to be careful with the promises his father made. After a while,
John realises. He smiles. He’s bi, of course he notices a woman’s beauty.
wraps his fingers around it and starts working it. John groans and shoves
“And then I did the same thing again the next day when Mycroft was busy
The summer sun warms their faces and Matilda crawls over the lawn. John takes a sip from his tea and has some of the biscuits. There is a little small
John delves into the kiss, pouring all his joy into it. If he wasn't so
down until they hang losely at their side. Their fingers still touch.
as physically possible.
He follows Harry and Gemma onto the train, takes the first vacant seat and
her smile.
He sees her grin from the corner of his eyes. She nudges his shin with her
I am a bit behind on editing, so it might take a few days until I post the next chapters.
Sherlock interrupts him and waves the whole topic off. “Oh, it’s terribly
searching for a pack of cigarettes, but his hand returns empty. John thinks
John hears Sherlock murmur something in reply, but he’s speaking too low
safe phone and internet connections. Bullet proof windows, no connection to
should have done this much earlier.
“I don’t feel like sex, Sherlock,” John finally blurts out. He swallows.
relief is still dancing in every cell of his body.
drinking and puking has. The last thing he notices as he closes the window,
Their lips and mouths taste like the sea, their skin is still damp with
before midnight, he’s tired enough to fall asleep again, his body’s mere
“What’s wrong with you, John?” Bill looks at John sternly, the whites of
doesn’t actually feel old yet. Yes, he is a lot older than when he first
is in the safe house.”
in the darkness, until his vision starts to blur. Outside, the angry gusts
noise of his high. In the foreground was the feeling of being heightened,
them again and kisses every single one.
“Would you like to go for a walk as well? Guess we have to stay indoors,
Sherlock goes on watching the film, he even has a sip of wine, but then,
had been completely lost at how to deal with his daughter. His drinking had
wife like her. And John remembers how his guilt and shame and all his good
“Arnel’s going to bring his guitar to the campfire tonight,” Gemma says,
I belong right here with you, Sherlock, he thinks. Sherlock is asleep in
hungry kiss. But Sherlock doesn’t.
smile ever since they kissed.
the largest British base in Afghanistan. It was a regular city, made of
“Take that off,” he breathes into the kiss and John complies. But John takes his time, he doesn’t hurry, doesn’t rush. He wants Sherlock like mad, it is
when he’s finished drinking.
that he barely manages to counter, and never turns into a conversation.
“I’m not into smoking. T’s just—” he sips on his coffee, playing it down,
If everything goes well and Sherlock doesn’t have any medical problems
Joshua stands in the second row. He nods at Sherlock and John. Smiles
to fuck you,“ John replies with all the self-control he can muster.
out between us, then — then I guess they don’t.” John swallows. It feels
shakes his head. “I don’t mean to say that I don’t trust you though.”
what he’s saying, while her body language asks for more, for touches and
into his hand. His movements grew more and more erratic and with a groan
now, broken and frantic. He listens to his own voice, the want and the lust
shoves the pictures back into his pocket.
it lacks the promise of breasts — because it’s much more. This is
He put them carefully on the bedside table and started unbuttoning his
touch. It feels incredible. Sherlock’s body is responding to John’s
even do it the right way, anal sex?
lights Mrs Hudson has put up.
lives is intertwined with his work. It is a
available in Winchester’s public library, over everything he’s learned so
“Sometimes you can spot Mars, and you can even see it’s slightly red.”
feeling cool streams of water against the sensitive skin of his cock and
John’s. At some point he threads his fingers between John’s and pulls him
now.”
doesn’t feel that much as if I’m being watched constantly.”
But the AIDS
“That we’re sleeping together! Fuck, in the same bed, I mean.”
Sherlock.
obviously demanding his opinion on the matter.
His fingers are still entangled in John’s short hair, but his hand rests
, actually. But he
anyone’s ever done to me,” he whispers.
he’s just standing in the hot spray of the water. John’s steps sound loud
without ripping off
he’d have dared to hope. John doesn’t quite understand why fucking him
giving head, what,
lip, hard enough to make it go white, then lets his wet bottom lip slip
chaos, something London would not recover from easily. Tabula rasa for
John‘s breaths feel too deep, too fast. He draws back and looks at Sherlock
Finally John leans back in his seat and slips his fingers into his pocket.
John is small. Ridiculously small. Sherlock recalls the secret delight of
“Yes. Lunch. Donovan. Back some time… later.” Sherlock waves his hand
and trading hazardous cargo is required.”
for a few weeks.”
to shut out the outside world.
caught in the struggle to understand being in love with Sherlock.
“What is it?” Sherlock is curious.
even slow it down.
rise and fall with his slow, sleepy breathing. He remembers how Sherlock
keeps him from feeling worse. It makes him feel
because she’d been at home since Harry was born. It was something with
tent, of Sherlock’s naked arms and legs entangled with this sleeping bag,
John’s heart was beating quickly with relief.
She looks at him. She has got the feeling that she doesn’t understand
Sherlock. He has to think of this whenever he watches the stars, and it
John nods, sinking deeper into his pillow. He blinks, incapable of keeping
“You see, Sherlock, her muscle tissue should be firm yet
from the rain that had followed the thunderstorm. He thinks of how he felt
guesses. At half past seven in the evening, at St Pancras International
hits him so unexpectedly that he nearly feels sick.
finds James shooting him and Sherlock a look charged with something that
him being
he saw him for the very first time. He must be gaping as he takes Sherlock
way he loves John.
silence.
excellent soldier. Even if it means putting your life in danger.”
As far as John knows, Sherlock’s leaving sometime at the end of next week,
treat people who’re very close to them. Family.”
a few millimetres with every step, shifts up and shifts back. Sherlock
It takes John a whole minute until it dawns on him that — Christ, did
it?” she says, blowing a puff of air up under her fringe. She smiles at
meet, John feels it in his whole body.
his chest, like life returning to his body. He breathes again, and again,
flames flicker and cast a warm light on their faces.
He pauses, looking at John, trying to read his face for hints of approval or denial.
days.
“What?”
“Be right back,” John murmurs.
head of the screw, the screwdriver slipping out.
Before they can leave, Mycroft shows up.
“Fuck it, you’ve been at the beach all day. Everybody’s hungry after that.
They hurry, and John is drunk enough to talk some nonsense to Sherlock. He
“I don’t make espresso.”
doesn’t understand while they prepare the pizzas.
diameter. They stir it, they move their hands and feet and bodies through
the gym.
see this coming. He clears his throat, and, picking up the spoon, tries, “I
blue sports bikini and eating a
the beach, Gemma in tow. John watches his sister, the wind and the sunlight
Sherlock must feel John’s gaze, because he shifts and meets John’s eyes.
“Okay?” John asks.
Street. Londoners hurrying back to their warm and shiny homes, artfully
“What do you want, Sherlock?” John tries to sound calm, relaxed.
“You get a lot of homework at your school?” he asks.
John rubs his hand across his face. “Why?”
take this back, maybe, undo it, make it unhappen. He rakes a hand through
things. Sherlock is close to hyperventilation. And he needs far more
it was deep enough, dived for a few feet, and when the lack of air forced
Sherlock’s lighter, making sure that he doesn’t burn his fringe or so,
“Thanks, Sherlock.“
“I guess they have kept it all, haven’t they?“
sucking motion of Sherlock swallowing his come.
“No, er, thanks. I’m good.” He clears his throat.
He’s shown John the sea sparkle, thus lightening the darkness of the sea
John laughs.
“Mycroft.”
beautiful it takes his breath away. He grins, vowing to himself that he
on this planet.
happy when
But could he risk that? Even with Harry’s estimate, he still doesn’t know
his heart. He’s telling him very calmly, so very much aware of the state
He lives in London and he wants to run the British Government by the time
like a drug, and John is hooked, he always will be, there’s no fucking
says. “He and his wife were worried. They had no idea where Sherlock had
John’s buttocks and thighs until Sherlock groans one last time. He comes
– time he did that stopped it for good.
heard them after he got back to his tent and it makes him realize how full
tongue, the dentist asked his mum to make sure John didn’t chew his numb
He watches John’s ridiculously gorgeous, slightly upturned nose and
And then Sherlock opens his lips the tiniest bit. John can feel that
feels drunk on the good things that have happened today and on the good
smuggling. Which isn’t very surprising in Eastern Europe.”
“The Pogues? Sherlock?
They’re quiet. There are voiceless sighs and breaths shivering with
The cut is deeper than it first looked like, bleeding quite a bit, but John says that a bandage should do, no stitches required. John takes off his shirt (blood stained already), Sherlock cleans the wound, disinfects it and puts on the bandage the way John instructs him to do.
He casts her a sideways glance. She’s smiling, biting her lip, just like he
“No, not at all. Think I just heard something downstairs.”
John’s lungs. His hair frames his face, curled even more than usual with
long as it takes her to doze off. And on most evenings, it doesn’t take her
Sherlock feels a hand on his jaw. It’s a cool and gentle stroke and it
exhales and forces himself to continue his train of thought.
giving Sherlock and him some time on their own.
low and helpless and amazed. John cups Sherlock’s
this what it all was about? Was this what sex — is?
emotion.
about it.
John can see Sherlock searching for the right word for a few moments, until
labeled them neatly. They say
be. And Janine... well, she was a means to get hold of Magnussen. He has
the air tastes like asphalt and dust. In the end, staying in bed feels just
fantasies. He feels clumsy as he tries to figure this out, how to do this
John manages to keep Matilda occupied with her toys so he can read
Sokół was kept in, he hears a knock on the door of Mycroft’s office.
“Let’s go up to the dune, what do you think?” Harry stretches.
Thinking of the dangers that come with unprotected sex, a hot wave of worry
if they skip the brain, the mind, the worries and the shame altogether.
reflections on the restless surface; too bright to watch long enough to
extasy quite regularly. That’s… that’s why we split up, in the end.” She
“Yes. He sent me an e-mail about three years later. You… you were dead. I
able to keep my hands off you,” John whispers, turning his head towards
He takes Sherlock’s face in his hands, pulls him near and kisses him again. He draws the kiss out playfully. Sherlock’s hands start wandering over his body. He feels Sherlock’s thumbs over his nipples and suddenly becomes aware of too many layers of cloth.
across Sherlock’s, thinking.
taking photographs with Tower Bridge in the background, he can see him in
to come from rimming alone. Helplessly, he had panted a string of curses
and curse, face pressed sideways into a tangle of sleeping bags.
depth of his mind palace had been filed away again, the fire in the living
trunks mixed with the white of his skin and the dark brown swirl of his
curtly, but he can’t focus and so it’s just questions being tossed his way
across all the spots he loves about Sherlock’s body and explore them anew,
while Sherlock and John sat down a few feet away from them.
Almost one and a half hours later, after more details and information than
Mycroft’s voice rustles over the phone.
“I’ve nearly been in contact a couple of times, but...” Sherlock falls
gaze catches on dark green nettles at the side of the path, cobwebs spun
He doesn’t turn around; his feet carry him because they can, step after
might groan again. He wraps his left hand around his cock, memorizing the
groans and can’t help but thread his fingers into Sherlock’s hair. And
John firmly stares at a spot on the curtains behind Sherlock's chair.
“Gentlemen,” Mycroft nods to the handful of men and women gathered around
For a long time he can’t sit up. His body is exhausted, heavy with a
“Of course he’s frustrated with his job, he’s selling ice lollies to
from what his parents were like. They aren't only open-minded and more
John is surprised and aroused and
“How long until you’ve got the list?”
fingers clean. John is mesmerized.
John doesn’t smoke. He’s never found it appealing and the list of severe
there at this hour of the night; even those who always stayed longest must
After a while, John notices his mum going still and taking a look around.
Now Sherlock is wide awake. Of course he remembers Sholto. He remembers
He pauses again.
music.” Lifting his cigarette in explanation, he adds, voice rough, “He
them, taste John’s lips and the inside of his
in a few weeks.
Sherlock’s gaze flickers to John.
of the lighter’s flame on his forehead. He feels the proximity to Sherlock,
Mycroft usually doesn’t bring any presents for Matilda, but this time he does. While Sherlock is upstairs to pick up Matilda after her afternoon nap,
replies, “You're right.”
The moment he said this he knew he would pick the shirt up from the basket
like this until they lose any feeling for how much time has passed. Until
Now Sherlock strokes his hand over his chest, imitating John's movements
John’s heart hurts, a fine pinprick of pain. He hopes that Sherlock will
passengers to walk across an empty parking lot to the train station. It’s a
in some kind of easy familiarity. They don't care much about each other's
side.
John’s from knee to shoulder. Then he leans back against the bench,
back the tiniest amount of his composure. He neither meets John’s eyes nor
“Oh. Don’t mind your doctors not being clean-shaven, then? You could have
meals they usually prepare on the camping stove.
still hasn’t.
This morning, in the last grey, cool hours of the night, he dreams about
already full with sadness and despair. John takes Sherlock’s hand and holds
asleep.
Victor had changed the subject from their studies to a party they had been
he’s swallowing tears. Every singer’s voice reminds him of Sherlock now. He
smoked too much, drank too much, and the images in his mind are chasing
Sherlock nods, exhales.
say something to Harry, making her grin and nudge his side in return.
it.
. It is bloody amazing to feel his skin, the slightest hint of a stubble. He smells Sherlock's hair, his
revelation and adds something new to what John knows about Sherlock. These
looking out of the window, lost in thought. Sometimes it looks as if the
fucking open, not holding anything back.
doesn’t ask much, she just listens, all the time, to everything her
“Of course.” Sherlock doesn’t even look up from Mycroft’s dossier.
dark in a few minutes’ time. Suddenly John can’t bring himself to even
her. In the end, she refused or ignored him out of pure spite. They were
John looks around, blinking against the sunlight falling through the tree
Sherlock moved besides him. His cushion rustled and he pulled the blanket away from John.
But… there was something Sherlock has said earlier that has confused him. He cleared his throat.
happy.
doors don’t clap that loudly. The heating clicks less than at it does at
plans by now, promises about when to see each other again. But they
to carry on. Breathing out quickly, tears start to slip from his eyes. He
He tries not to hate himself for the choices he’ll have to make, and he
“Yeah, fine.” He clears his throat.
“Yes, it’s nice, isn’t it?” he replies. He leans against the headboard and holds her against his chest. She reaches out to touch his nose and giggles.
“I’ll just be in the bathroom. Make yourself at home,” Sherlock says, pulling John out of his thoughts.
relationship.”
“No troubles, Janosik. This morning, Wilk had to deal with someone who
“Matilda. We both liked it.“
“Mr Novak, your mission as Krystian Mazur is about to start tomorrow. You
picks up, no longer blocked by houses. It’s not France, it’s not their
he got hold of – chemistry, physics, mathematics as well as philosophy, history and languages. He read books on medicine, psychology and criminology, on
The car stops in front of a bland grey building, something between an
too much. Constantly. And he had become predictable - asking what Sherlock
sees it.
John just stands there and holds his gaze.
Sherlock’s lap during breakfast. She helps him spreading jam on a slice of
Sherlock takes out a cigarette and slowly, deliberately puts it between
“Hey, Sherlock. You could have put her in the crib, right?”
Half an hour later, when John is just unpacking their bags, the door to the
coward. Frightened by the possibility of… love.”
“You weren’t out long last night,” she says as she sets the kettle to boil.
else again. I had nothing to lose but your friendship. When I got back, I
indeed negotiated this intimacy, and they stood up, ready to fight for it.
Sherlock’s eyes are still half-closed, and he’s blinking slowly at John.
“I didn’t want to be a coward again. I didn’t know how James felt, but I
Eventually, he forces himself to leave the car and get back home.
longer as he struggles along the beach.
“You read it as well,” Sherlock states.
John thinks.
“The fact that you have kept me alive during my exile - which was meant to
his arms in protection, to step back or to catch John’s forearm in mid-air
He hands the bottle to John. Matilda’s small face partly vanishes behind the bottle. She has to try a few times until she has found out how to get the milk
“Fucking hell,” John pants desperately, because there’s really nothing else
for years. He had taken detours to either side though. He knew he might
So he opens Sherlock’s shirt, undoes his cuffs and lets it fall on the floor. The room is dark except for the dim golden light from the candles and lanterns in the garden. Sherlock’s pale skin seems to glow in the golden haze. Sherlock breathes heavily as John opens his belt and his dark, ridiculously well-tailored trousers and shoves them down. John can’t see the colour of Sherlock’s underpants, something dark, but they feel silky and tempting and hot under the tips of his fingers. He brushes over Sherlock’s hard cock. Touches it more tightly, he wants to feel him. Sherlock takes a stumbling step backwards until he leans against the locked door, his chest heaving. “Take these off, John.”
She is. She looks clean and bright and
John sees the pulse in his carotid artery flutter, and his chest heave.
looking firmly at the path in front of them. “Knew you were into a bit of
it, although there’s no-one else around. For a few moments they just walk
because he finds it increasingly difficult to keep her occupied and happy
pillars. He looks at London, glittering beneath them. He can almost hear
Sherlock comes back, still looking adorably ruffled, he has got three presents on his arm and their landline phone in his hand.
You’re not a creep, Sherlock, he thinks, still grateful that he’s shown him
his knees, the crooks of his elbows.
between the safe house and Baker Street, but she knows that this place is
overdrive he scans through his inner map of the city at their feet, naming
the kiss grows more heated.
he’d brought his sunglasses against the blinding light.
you,” he rumbles and strokes her back and
“John? What is it?”
lying there, talking, very alive and probably ignorant of what this meant to John. It actually was the first time since his daughter’s death that John felt
Sherlock just listens, all tense.
Elio and Oliver looked
The sun is coming out and for a moment, the wind is less icy. Sherlock
floor. He thinks of his daughter, asleep in her bed. There are people who
again. He grinds his teeth then, takes a slow breath.
foam in the creases of each other’s skin, between thigh and groin, under
breathing have gone back to their usual frequency, “maybe I should have a
tongue as Sherlock kisses his neck, his jaw, his lips, as he licks into
John stretches out his hand, resting his fingers just close enough to touch
bus, there’d still been a way out, some trick up their sleeve to spare them
“Yes. How is he?”
They’re teasing each other and rekindling their desire with their kisses.
care of that.”
It’s there for everyone to see, for the couples on
undressing in public and tries to avoid it whenever possible. He doesn’t like the stares or the unspoken questions.
against a rock, just to feel something break. But there is no fucking rock,
closed.
John inhales, letting sink in both Reid’s professional detachment and his
he’d forgotten that it has to be pulled closed quickly. The old lock always
glowing cigarette. Sherlock’s turning his back to John, looking out at the
John smiles back at him.
“Hey Matilda, did you sleep well?”
Sherlock grazes his fingernails across John’s shoulders, breathing harder,
taking this shit as well!” His voice is rising and he takes a step closer
The moon is shining quite brightly by now, and the whole place smells intensely like flowers. Sherlock stops in front of the garden house, which is
Sherlock draws a long, loud breath. He squints his eyes in concentration,
again. Before I was shipped to England, I sent him an e-mail. I wanted to
yearned for.
The way from Baker Street tube station to 221b wasn’t long. But John drew it out. When he saw the red retractable roof of Speedy’s, there was a lump in his
meets when he goes for a run.
back. Despite of the absolutely amazing sex they have just had, John is already thrilled again by the way Sherlock’s tongue feels against his. They kiss
strokes of Oliver’s tongue against Elio’s. They can hear Elio’s low moan.
lightly across John’s chest.
Their mum stretches out her hand across the table. They have always done
sight. John smiles as he watches him leave. He has no idea what Sherlock is
is finally moving away.
Quietly he closes the door behind him and leans against it, putting himself
“Forget about the shave.“
buried underneath. Did Sherlock even
Sherlock is next to him. He recalls how Sherlock would smell if John came
He wonders, over and over, whether or not Sherlock might have a boyfriend.
But Mycroft answers.
desperate. He had been too fascinated to even catalogue the kiss. It had
use anymore. I… I want you.”
“What do people normally say?”
his confusion as he realised he felt things for Sherlock he wouldn’t have
say, Sherlock interrupts him.
“Yes, I assumed. Thanks.”
John hands it back to the girl, and she leaves the two of them hastily.
“Ahhhh, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock made a vague gesture. “Being stubborn about paying for our groceries.”
fills John’s mouth, salty and, as he swallows it a moment later, bitter.
John smiles. He’s glad to see him.
need for distraction, the batteries die and the music fades from their
Harry asks John a few things, about the move, about school. John replies
lower lip. Eddie visibly swallows when Harry leans in and kisses back, then
John closes his eyes. As Sherlock starts to tell him about the progress of
John turns again, curls up on his side and kicks down the duvet. Tears of
But he was getting lost in thought.
teasing, commanding tone of his voice — in the end, they just have him
“You’re blushing! It does! God, I haven’t seen you this much in love since you were a teenager.”
others, to Harry, Gemma, Eddie and James, who are just sitting down. Even
“You’re moving in with Gemma next week.”
James had been his last anchor in England, the last faint hope he had clung
trap. The Taliban exploded an IED. Our boys were all killed, except for
to say good-bye to him on the same day.
bodies, and tanned, unbroken skin, glistening in the sun with seawater and
Sherlock’s panting takes on a helpless, pleading edge. He thrusts faster
containers and found the final proof. After a chase in the darkness on the
his own desire, by the sensations Sherlock is eliciting in him.
shop.
takes a look around his bedroom. It’s still all wrong, like a childhood
body, in his toes and his fingertips, on his lips, in his nipples and
The waves are rolling against the shore, and there’s the low background
casting patterns on their skin. John listens to the soothing, ever-present
around Sherlock, kisses his shoulder through the fabric of his own shirt.
sun cream on his hand and starts to massage it onto Sherlock’s shoulders
this?
happily blathers throughout the cab ride and when they arrive at Baker
don’t they laugh or smile at her? She tries a few smiles and grins herself,
their tents and never put them back on.
Sherlock looks at him for a long moment; he must be looking at him, John
One night John wakes, drawing in a sharp breath. The moment he slips into
laugh John doubts he ever lets anyone hear but him.
enough to make John gasp.
“No. He’s fine, he’s okay, John, as I said.”
Sherlock’s lips. His heart silently skips a beat.
. After Appledore, after the
John threads his fingers into Sherlock’s and he is aware of how desperate
“Oh, Sherlock.”
“He was very kind. He asked if I minded that Sherlock has come here,” she
apart, and how much he wished he didn’t understand. He‘d wanted to go back,
“Hey. Everything okay?” Bill asks, squinting his eyes.
order to become a doctor?
damp skin.
touch. He just feels him and he allows him to take his breath away
and thrusts against John’s cock. It’s almost too much for John to concentrate on doing anything with his fingers when Sherlock’s cock puts the most
make up for it.
decided on it.
cold that never leaves him. She tries to talk to him a few times, but he
campfire and told him that he had the biggest crush on Kurt Cobain. John
done this before, have I.”
So, for the first time in his life, he finds himself with quite lot of money on his account. He didn’t even start pondering over whether he had a right to
after all.
their sons.
the idiots at school. You’re going to
the ground beneath him, clouded by the sand stirred up by the tumbling sea.
“John,” Sherlock repeats. “Look at me. I want to see you when you come.”
begins earlier here, John realises, no emotion left to welcome the end of
asleep again in the late morning.
from playing in the water. She is asleep within a few minutes. John feels wonderfully lazy and is already dozing off when a spray of cool water drops hits
John swallows and Greg intently stares at his pint. Then Greg gets up and hugs John tightly, patting him on his back. His eyes do seem to
this isn’t something Sherlock does easily. He simply knows.
him happy in a way he’d forgotten he could feel.
idiot. Now that he’s got his life in his own hands again, now that he can
sandwiches, and slowly he begins to grasp this. He and Sherlock, they both
trainers left in the middle of the hallway — or over nothing at all.
“Sure, I remember.” John swallows, his heart beating faster at the memory
to put the condom on without making a total mess, and he’d felt her hold
Sherlock runs his tongue across the head of his cock and John briefly
lightly running his fingertips down John’s sternum to his bellybutton, and
He has to think of his daughter. She has always been his daughter for him, even if he wasn't her biological father.
Sholto looked younger then, when he smiled. He smiled more and more during
This kiss had had nothing in common with the careful feather-light pecks
Marcus shakes his head. John can’t tell whether there are sad or happy memories shadowing his eyes.
The sand is cool and dry under his naked shoulders, and it’s completely
hint of fresh sweat overlaying the intense scent of the Italian night,
It’s later that evening that John meets Sherlock again. On unspoken
space between their tents empty again. Inside his tent, he shrugs out of
Mycroft put him to rehab all those years ago.
the Barbican from 1998 to 2002 and… apparently still works at the theatre, but in the office. And Mike Philips, another actor at the Barbican, also still
It’s strange to think about that, living in a house without Harry once she
He is holding his breath at the magnitude of this realization and something like panic is building up in his chest, he doesn’t even know why. Then Sherlock
Sherlock’s body is pliant and warm, a little sweaty. John can feel
fact bothers him more than he would ever admit. So he just sits there,
sweetheart. It’s alright, dear, it’s alright…”
gathering strength just as the rays of the sun do. John loses all sense of
“Sherlock, ah… one question. About. That Jar thing.”
Sherlock looks at John, with that open, unguarded expression in his eyes,
John strokes their cocks a few more times, then Sherlock hears him whisper his name once more. He feels John’s body go tense and his hot, wet come on his
his shoulders and waits for Sherlock to do the same.
for the time they had here. He understands that their actual last day was
John swallows.
“A concussion? That certainly is more than the light headache he has
Sherlock’s mouth twist into a smile.
She raises her eyebrows and rolls on her back, lifts one arm and lets it
and pulls John’s hands around his torso again.
about other people, but he isn’t sure now how she sees Sherlock. Sherlock
But John does know better and he can tell Sherlock does as well. They
gentle squeeze and placed a kiss to the tender skin behind his balls.
lighter one moment, only to dim away again a heartbeat later.
fall into place and he manages another verse.
light seeping through the fabric of the tent is clear and not as dim as it
even
stolen touches.
anymore, but carries her sleeping newborn in her arms, whispering softly
nature of things with the soft pads of their fingers. Like blind men
his skin and his arm around his chest. He would allow himself to be pulled
John gets up on his knees. He runs his fingers across Sherlock’s whole body
“Right.”
about to put them back, but then hesitates and holds the pack in John’s
“Yes. But you’re not shot.”
something about himself that he doesn’t remember seeing before.
“I will think of something. But rest assured, Sherlock. She will never walk free again.“
John.
“Alpha, Beta, Gamma, go!” Mycroft commands over the radio.
They are standing close to each other and there is the scent of John’s body
though. Too much of a practised drinker. John never knew what happened
other, there are sleep-muffled grunts and hums, only half-concealed smiles.
person. Not for someone he knew.
from Winchester to Portsmouth. He put the headphones on and listens to
His body is starting to tingle with the inkling of how fucking free he
“You didn’t even know me back then,” John replies, sounding rough with
“Now. What was the peach about?”
throat. As soon as possible, Sherlock said. In the afternoon?, John
Half an hour later, the girls leave, chatting loudly and bantering over
tries to calm down, focus on the music. Sherlock lets the melodies unfold
they grin at each other. It feels as if they accomplished something great
her back with his large hand.
A few moments later, John opens his eyes and Sherlock is seeing raw hunger
pushing faster andfaster.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but smiles. Without the usual edge of mockery or sarcasm in his eyes. John can’t read him.
didn’t he do anything about it? This can’t be happening.
dark hair. He takes Sherlock’s right hand and starts undoing the buttons on his cuff. He goes on with the left one, with great care. He lets the shirt slip
He takes another long look at Sherlock’s naked body. His fingers slowly
can’t tell if he should blame it on the exertion of the dancing, or if it
upstairs bedroom with Matilda. They hear Mrs Hudson’s light steps on her
soaked trunks against his warm, dry towel. Sherlock sits down right next to
discovering whole worlds written down for them in braille.
taking care of him.
they lose count of how often they’ve been down. They compete, each trying
“John.” Now it is Sherlock who has to take a deep breath and gather his
drooling a little. John smiles sleepy-eyed, then thinks of last night, of
texts - questions, assignments, more questions. Threats. Still Mary was
. Being held like this feels like home. Tears prickle in her
the same as Sherlock, he inhales as much air as he can, and dives down into
and the thin, worn-out t-shirt doesn’t do much to keep him warm. He shifts
around Sherlock’s waist. “For ice cream?”
“I… I can’t stay.”
“Good night, John,” is the last thing John hears before Sherlock's bedroom
John thinks, and it’s as if they managed to slow the fall down by catching
things.
precome, it is incredibly arousing. He quickly finds a pace that makes
Arnel says as John puts his things on the
sent him Redbeard’s red leash as soon as he was taken down, just as she had promised him.
dancing with.
last day, the last night that is like — like all the others they’ve spent
boyfriend, but he has no fucking idea how. He gives the cigarette back.
rolls her eyes in a silent and cheerful,
“Yes,” is all Sherlock replies.
pectorals, and all over his body. He feels Sherlock’s warm naked skin and
“Your hair was longer then.” He takes the gun from Sherlock’s chin, and
“Not really. Just glad to be back.“
He manages to calm down and things feel better after a while. John goes back downstairs, able to smile again, and tries to focus on what is happening now.
it, he couldn’t pay attention to what Sherlock was saying, but just listen if he would get it wrong again. It was endearing. Mrs Hudson giggled a bit more
The song ends. They sit in silence while everybody else seems to be
beyond the tent.
needed?” John argues, only realising a heartbeat later that Sherlock might
bodies dusted with fine sand. He swallows a sip of salty water. Nobody at
the way it feels when he touches it, its
Victor himself despised drugs and this probably would keep Sherlock from trying it. But what if their friendship ended?
Sherlock is well and if they — whatever
“Yes. That does happen, Sherlock.”
They’re alone in here. Nobody else is taking a shower at noon. On the
taken away from him, for his dad to agree to sell the fucking house so he
“John. You can’t stay here. Come on, mate. I’ll take you home.”
When John pulls back, he takes a look around, his view blocked by moving
“He is, John. Have some faith. And do get your head out of your arse.”
can eat much more, although there’s still plenty of food left. They’re
than at Baker Street or leave alone in Soho. When he starts shivering
how the story went. He isn’t jealous, but it feels very,
When the morning breaks on screen, Oliver watches the dozing Elio with
night. He really is back to normal.”
him — if he loved John, too.
“And how should I do that? What’s going to stop him from carrying on just
to his eyes that John loves so much, and he is pointing at the screen.
“We’re even taking cases together again. Sometimes Sherlock is still acts like a stupid git. With all his sulking and his experiments in the kitchen–“
firmly and supporting their rhythm.
John swallows hard.
Sokół isn’t in yet. We can’t allow him to escape,” Sherlock points out.
Sherlock pushes his hips harder against John’s, and John thrusts faster. He
wrenches his stomach and his gut, it makes him feel sick to the bone. It
He swims as fast as he can, fighting the nervousness. Sherlock follows him
“Had no idea,” Sherlock replies. He sounds surprised, but keeps his voice
scared of it. She has blond hair which is turning into loose curls as it
of flat share or student residence, somewhere away from here. He doesn’t
When John leaves the Murrays’ home, he feels actually something resembling
looking at each other with wide eyes. John groans, far too loud, incapable
“Not apart from Eddie and James. But I think my brother suspects
light shining through the window, turning the house into a lighthouse in
from his fingers, humming with delight as he devours the sweetness. John
increasing the pressure on both their cocks.
I can’t promise how much time will pass between posting chapters, I’ll try to limit it to a few weeks and always post as soon as possible. This WIP, however, is
John sometimes sings at Baker Street, when he is cooking and in an good
the pillow. Sherlock’s smiling, but at the edges it’s tinged with
“Oh great, you made ravioli! Thank
“John, nonetheless I want you to keep reading the reports. And do tell us
He tries to close his eyes again, but they won’t stay shut. So he simply
would be heated orange or searing red, like the campfire’s flames. It
“Mmmmh,” Sherlock hums in reply, his eyes closed and his body wrapped in
