“What happened?”
'Cool down Parker.. We're good. We have our webshooters. We won't die if we fall.. Cool. Down.' Another gust of freezing wind sunk into my bones and I automatically wrapped my arms around my middle, shivering.
Hope all you readers forgive me for that.  I'll try and update again this month.
“Tony!” Steve snapped, jolting him from his panicked state. “You are the one who needs to calm down, dear.” He gave Tony an understanding, but “I take no nonsense” kind of look. Clint and Bucky smiled in the background and Deadpool “ooh-ed”.
“So, Doc, what's up?” I quipped as they shoved me into the laboratory. Dr. Vanquil looked unamused.
A woman rushed up to me as I put Ginny down on the ground. I watched as the mother pulled her daughter into her arms and squeezed her tightly, trembling. “Thank you,” she told me.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sshh, Peter,” Captain America said softly to me. “You're okay.” He sounded choked up. “We're here for you. You're going to be okay. We've got you now.”
Sadly, I was unaware of something icy thrumming through my veins...
Bruce sighed and rubbed his eyes, exhaustion more than evident. “It's.. It doesn't look good, Peter. It looks like your DNA and that of the symbiote's are.. well, fighting.”
Peter gets a small break.
What a disaster.
That was when I begged for them to make it stop.
“Thanks!” I replied as a round started. I'd show Clint a thing or two..
“Peter!”
(See the end of the chapter for
I nod, even though he can't see me. My throat feels like its constricting.
(See the end of the chapter for
as Tony and Bruce go through lab tests on me is unnerving.
“Open your eyes, kid.” Fine, if it would shut them up I would.
I quickly pull on my Spider-Man suit and throw a pair of clothes over top of it. Hey, it's a Saturday. And I did my homework. I have more than enough free time to scour the city as Spider-Man. But before I left, I realized I should probably go see if Tony and Steve are awake and if Fury's had a talk with them. I check my room and make sure I have everything I need. Good thing I do. And now… Let's see who's up.
I wanted to tell him that what just happened proved I was definitely
I barely heard the shocked intakes of air from my two companions. I was so fucked if they tried to move me. “Peter… what do you...” Daredevil's question trailed off. He could tell something was off. It would click any minute now. “You mean...” Daredevil sounded uneasy. It was a tone that I hated to hear from his mouth.
Bruce and Tony, who had been talking in hushed tones, froze. I could feel them looking at me. “Peter,” Steve started a bit concerned. I shook my head, “What happened?”
A hand smelling faintly of chemicals runs through my hair. “What happened, Pete?” I wince as my chest twinges a little. “I don't know,” I tell Tony in a cracking voice. “Everyone was gone.. I couldn't.. couldn't hear a thing...”
Pain, as Bruce thumbed on of the spinnerets, forced a whine from my throat and everyone froze. I looked at him, wide-eyed and had to keep myself from jerking my hands from his grasp.
I stood up, stretching my limbs. If I was going to be doing some extremely awesome stunts (Be jealous Clint!) then I was going to need to be as limber as possible, which, I admit, is more limber than the average human. ('..I am
He was on his feet as soon as they pulled me to the door. “Petey!” he cried as a guard pushed him back to shut the cell door.
“Avengers. Tower.” Deadpool hisses with a dangerous tone, idly fingering one of his guns. The agents flinched away with a nod and a 'yes, sir'.
“Why don't you get some rest, Peter,” Matt suggested. Tony opened his mouth but Steve cut him off with a look.
I follow his eyes and examine the black bowl of white creamy soup. There's something brown in there and it doesn't look like it's going to taste good at all. 'What's that green thing…' I shake my head clear of those thoughts. “I don't want to know.”
I shook my head, a sudden lump in my throat. Then with a second thought I nod-shook my head.
The sound of my heart pulses in my ears because
This chapter is for all those who've been so patient yet eager for it.
Sorry, it's been so long since I've updated this.  My muse has been tugging me this way and that, and I'm also making preparations to move...  And enough of my excuses.
I leaned into him as he carried me into my room, blocking out the sounds of voices in the background. I knew that Bucky would still be able to hear their conversation. Super soldier hearing and all, but I couldn't and that would have to do.
When Deadpool stood and stalked over to the pilots I instantly missed his presence. “Head to Avengers Tower,” I heard him growl at the pilots. “But sir, our orders are -”
breathed fire in my body, lashing out with the desire to destroy/protect. I whimpered, too strung out to care about any verbal outbursts.
“I-I.. I don't know,” I tilted my head and looked at Matt with a look I'm sure was pitiful.
I looked up as Bucky laid me gently on my bed. The bed shifted as he lay down beside me. “I.. um, I might have some dreams that might be a bit..” I struggled for a second, “violent.” When Bucky didn't flinch, I continued. “I know you can hear them and.. it was bad. It was
“Yes.”
I hated to admit it, but when Steve came up and told me that I'd be staying in the Tower for a while, it made me feel relieved. I didn't feel ready to face the world as Peter Parker or Spider-Man. At least I didn't have to go to school. (Tony made sure to get everything I needed online though so… that part sucked.)
I can't believe how good it feels to get this off my chest.  I feel so much happier now.  Sure, I ache and feel like I got hit by an elephant, but this feels better.  I'm sure Matt can hear the relief in my voice.  “And, joining SHIELD?”  Natasha breaks up the light atmosphere.  “You said, you got closer to SHIELD after you were here last.  What happened?”  And the somber atmosphere returns.  God, I don't want to tell them.  I just want to get the fuck out of here.  Seriously, I don't want to relive that bullshit.
Nick Fury catches my eye as Natasha and Clint murmur something about getting answers the hard way. The director stares at me and I know he's concerned. I mouth to him “I'm okay” and he inclines his head. He doesn't believe me. I don't believe me, but he accepts it. It's all we can do for now.
I hope you enjoyed this.  If you want to know what I'm currently working on/estimates of when I'll be updating, I tend to post those on my tumblr (tabihe).
“Sssh...” My eyes caught sight of Steve and Bucky, who were looking at me with so much panic that they couldn't hide it behind the calm facade they were trying to put on. “It's okay,” Steve murmured softly. “It's over. You're okay.”
“Yes, indeed. I've had.. plans to make.”
Warm liquid fell on my head. It wasn't wet like water. It was…. Kind of gooey. And I really had wanted to forget that feeling. A pathetic whine slipped through my mouth as the hybrid stretched over my skin, giving me goosebumps.
Daredevil's mouth twitched and I could almost believe that he'd heard my thoughts. It was possible.. right?
Instead of slapping me again, the man smiled. It made me shudder inside. “Now, now, Parker. I was going to wait until we'd come further in your examinations, but… I think you can stand the pain now.”
Bucky shifted underneath me for a moment before giving up. I didn't have the heart to make him move. He was quite comfortable for a man made of muscle with a robotic arm.
“Spidey!?” Deadpool appeared in my vision. He looked worried behind the mask and then Daredevil joined him, looking just as concerned. I found it odd how I'd learned to read them, mask or no. Take that Daredevil. I know when you're worried.
Peter experiences something he never wanted to experience again, except this time it's a little different and he's not sure he can be saved.
At the very mention of Vemon, my blood runs cold and it feels like my heart is about to stop. That name. I can feel adrenaline flooding my system, fear pulsing in my veins. 'This isn't happening,' I tell myself, trying to deny reality. “Venom's gone,” I bite out.
Focusing, I could hear a steady beep and the rhythmic drip of a hospital room.  Hospitals – always places that got my attention real fast (because, honestly who loves them?).  It took a little bit of effort but I opened my eyes, blinking until I finally found a small indentation on the ceiling.  How... familiar.......  I groaned internally finally recognizing where I was, a ghostly throb of my head making me wince.  'Well Parker, welcome back to SHIELD,' I thought to myself unhappily.
(See the end of the chapter for
There was this overwhelming desire to break everything and be set free. When I closed my eyes, I saw eyes staring back at me, certainly part of the blackness inside of me. The darkness felt like it was growing, expanding.
Maybe it was something I said, but the next moment, I felt something connect with my cheek. My ears rang as my eyes slid to the offending hand. “You hit like a baby,” I blurted out. I never did know when to shut up. Why would that change now?
Whatever questions they had change to concern and they look at Bruce, because hey, he's doctor, obviously he knows everything.  Not.  Bruce shrugs.  “I don't see why not.  If he's not comfortable here then he obviously won't recover well.”  I smile.  Freedom here I come.  “But it's not up to me.”  … Freedom… come back?  I can't help the annoyed sigh that slips through my lips.  Matt is chuckling again.
“Seriously, Stark?” Bucky growled, curling an arm around me.  “It's not even daylight yet.”
Any anger died in my stomach as I heard the scream of a young child for help. I probably should've called Tony and Steve before I got myself into trouble, but the fact that there was a child somewhere in that fiery mess was enough to make me forget to call for back-up.
The incessant beeping of the heart monitor and the dripping of the IV bag that filled the silence.  The silence stretched out for what felt like an eternity.  I looked up, curiosity getting the better of my on my fear.  The faces that I saw were confused and troubled.  I felt like I should raise an eyebrow at the perfect opportunity to get funny pictures of the Avengers for future blackmail material.  I actually considered letting them know to delay the inevitable, but of course I'd have to get visitors right at that moment.  I almost wanted to scream at whoever it was and tell them to go away.  I was just getting ready to blow my secret to the sky.  Wouldn't you know it, though, any protest died when I saw who my new company was.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What, you couldn't find your own beds?” Tony joked.
Hope you have a good weekend~
“Call SHIELD,” I told them, shakily. “You need to get them down here with the sonic disruptor and a sonic emitter cage.” It made me shiver as a wave of disgust ran through me. I could feel that
“Language,” Steve automatically inserted causing Bucky and I to roll our eyes.
I caught Bucky slip into the kitchen, possibly to make sure that Deadpool didn't blow anything up or poison anyone. Even if I told him he probably wouldn't have listened to me, instead needing to see it for himself. So, turning back to Clint, I grinned. “You mean, you want to lose until the pancakes are done? Sounds awesome.”
“Hey~ You're back early,” Clint called from the couch.
I laughed a little, feeling ridiculous. As if they couldn't take care of themselves. They sure as hell could. Feeling a little more at ease with the Avengers facing the Green Goblin, I watched on.
Not sure when the next chapter will be out quite yet, but I've got more of a direction to how I want this to turn out, thankfully.
'… what the fuck? Why were they waking us up if it wasn't even light outside yet?' I blearily questioned.
“Bucky...” He looked at me, “Hm?”
“M..” I try, but my tongue feels heavy, and I can only make some grumbling sound.
I am so sorry for keeping everyone.
“So, Doc, where'd you get Venom bits from?” I was well within my rights to be curious. Being held captive by a crazy genius and a sharp clawed, hairy mutant gave me enough reason to be curious. And I might've also been a little bit freaked out. Anyways, how the fuck does one get Venom bits when Venom is supposed to be locked up in SHIELD like a bug in a jar?
Have a lovely weekend.
and Steve, though I knew he could've. It just went to show me how much Tony was stressing. “You want to watch a children's movie when we could watch something action packed and awesome like
I clutched her with one hand as I ran over to the window and looked down. Firefighters were doing what they could, but I could see that it was all going up in flames. Literally.
“In all honesty,” Bucky defended, surprising us, “it's not the end of the world. It just changes a little.”
I wanted to look them in the eyes and just see how they would react, but… I didn't want to admit my own doubts, even to myself.  I kept my eyes down, letting them the focus fade out as the white of the medical sheets fill his sight.  “I knew what I was doing.”  I began.  It was a ridiculous way to start, as the Avengers voices murmured words of disbelief and possibly about my stupidity.  “I'm serious.  You would do the same--”  Tony interrupted.  Of course, he'd interrupt.  It's hard for Tony to keep his mouth shut.  That was a known fact.  “Yeah, we would because it's our job!”  Tony protested my words.  I held up my hand, shutting him up.  “It's my job too!”  My voice squeaked, embarrassingly as I raised the volume of it.
“The symbiote's cells seem to be trying to forcibly merge with your mutated DNA and attempting to recode it. Kind of like a second mutation,” Bruce stated.
I scoffed. “Of course, I can.” Which, although isn't a lie, was going to have a few difficulties. For one, I needed to make sure that Hydra wasn't going to catch onto what I was doing. Second, I needed to separate the signal from Hydra's system so that they didn't hear me when I contacted the outside. And last but not least, I had to make sure the signal got to Jarvis and that the A.I. would recognize it enough to make the connection.
I settled beside Steve with Bucky on my other side. “Oh, come on. Why can it be a Team Red pile on?” Deadpool whined. Matt raised an unamused eyebrow. “Fine,” Deadpool relented. “I'll just sit over here with you.” He proceeded to sit on the armrest of the chair Matt had reclaimed. Matt did not look pleased.
The Avengers exchanged glances with each other. I ignored the way Matt and Wade caught each others' eyes. If they wanted to tell the Avengers, they could. I just didn't want to have to explain. I just couldn't do it right now.
Parker luck aside, this is going to suck.
“Well, one of us has to have the talent for it,” I shrugged, smirking.
My first thought was 'Oh shit, no.'  My first action, however, came before my first thought.  I was jumping from the Tower onto a glider with the Goblin.  Okay, that was probably not the best idea, considering I wasn't in costume and I might have done it right in front of my adoptive parents.  Adoptive parents that just so happened   be Avengers.  And in front of Bucky, formerly known as the Winter Solider – ex-assassin of Hydra and Pops' old friend.  From the gasps when I took off, I could tell that I was going to be lectured forever by Iron Man and Captain America (dad and pops).  Yup, I was going to be in so much trouble when this was over.
I look back at Tony and Steve, running my eyes over the faces of the other Avengers.  “So… can we go home now?”  They look a bit nervous?  Odd.  They said being Spider-Man wasn't an issue (in not so many words).  So what's the issue?  “Pleaseeee” I stretch out my begging, widening my eyes and adding a few tears to the mix.  I can hear Matt muttering under his breath about what a manipulating web-head I am, but I ignore him.
“I didn't know if I was going to make it..” He reached out and tugged me against his chest, letting my forehead rest against his chin, my face turned into his neck. “Sshh,” he shushed me gently. “It'll be okay. I gotcha, kid. It'll be okay…”
“Okay,” I shake my head. “Are you reading my mind or something?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Very well,” Jarvis affirmed.
A support beam fell and I high-tailed it out of that room as fast as I could, not relaxing for a second until we were safely on the ground, outside of the danger zone.
Somehow, it would be okay. I had Earth's mightiest heroes on my side as well as a kickbutt vigilante and an ex-mercenary.
“I'm fine, you guys,” I tried to reassure them, but my voice sounded worn out and exhausted, even to me.
“Yeah, yeah, threats and predatory glares all around. Are you going to start spilling your evil plan now or should I take a nap and wait until you get to the end?” The angry sound that grinds between Doc Ock's teeth is so worth it.
Luckily I still have phone privileges, although I think they are being monitored by Jarvis. But that's not the point. It was early and I hadn't been expecting any calls, which was why the phone near about made me jump onto the ceiling. I groan, digging through the sheets of the bed, searching for my phone. I just wanted to sleep and yet someone was calling this early. Damn them.
for one kept up with the personality fashion trends, and I wanted to be popular.
Fury opened his mouth to say something when I blurted out.  “I'm sorry!”  I was sure I was tripping over my own tongue as I repeated the apology several times.   Fury must've noticed I wasn't about to stop on my own, because suddenly his hand was over my mouth.  Bodily contact from Fury.  Oh that was creepy.  Creepy, but effective as any further apologies were swept from thought.  “Kid, it's fine.”  Fury assured me, his voice oddly comforting.  “They would have found out eventually.  Frankly, I'm surprised they didn't find out sooner,” Fury stated, sounding mildly disappointed with the Avengers and likely his own agents in the Avengers who were supposed to know everyone's business (except SHIELD's).  “I was more worried about you when we brought you here.”  Fury's confession of emotions made me smile a little bit.  You had to be pretty close, or, in my case, kind of stupid, to get Fury attached to you.
“How are they..” I asked, voice trailing off as I became too nervous and afraid of the answer.  “Dealing with their son and adopted family member throwing himself at a crazy lunatic 60 stories in the air and nearly getting himself killed?”  'Well, when you say it like that..'  I nodded dumbly, a bit ashamed of myself for forgetting to think before I jumped.  Fury sighed and rubbed his good eye.  'Ehh.. not a good sign,' I thought to myself, 'which probably means that definitely Tony, and anyone else who could stand up to the director, were annoying him.'  Tony had a habit of reacting... kind of like a nuclear explosion.  When he wanted something, he could do the craziest things and say some of the most insulting things ever (a good reason why he got in trouble...a lot).
I was hyper-aware of the sound of footsteps, people, trained people running into the room. A booming voice ordered Deadpool and Daredevil to back up and ordered others to train the sonic disruptor at me.
I am considering taking it down to fix it, but I might be able to do that with later chapters.
I swallowed as Bruce took my arms in his hands and inspected my blackened wrists. “When did this start?”
My ear drums burst, blood dripping from them down my neck as sound waves tore into my skin. It screeched in my mind and I felt a grim sense of satisfaction as it whined in pain.
They stayed there, by my side as the hybrid was put on a transport and taken away. Honestly, I'm not sure I could've moved my arms if they'd wanted to take me back at the same time as that thing. Hell if I even wanted to be on the same ship.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Well, at least I didn't have to spill it.
“So you mean.. like… little tiny black blobs are trying to eat Spidey's spiders?” Deadpool asked.
Cap shifts me in his arms. “I've got you.” He looks at them and commands, “Let's get out of here. Now!”
Putting it up to my ear, it was a voice I hadn't expected to hear so soon.
I groaned and heard an echoing groan beneath me as the body I was laying on top of breathed. “Whoever the fuck is talking, I'm going to kill them,” I heard Bucky's hoarse voice murmur in my hair.
And doesn't that sound creepy. 'Plans'? What plans? “What plans?” I can't help but question aloud.
My throat felt scratchy and painful when I swallowed. I wanted something hot with honey in it. Something that could make me forget why it felt so bad. Maybe I'd ask for it later.
I grumbled as I took a nice, hot shower. Jarvis woke us at noon, citing some kind of health stuff that made Tony swear and threaten to change Jarvis' voice to make him sing every response. Steve had rolled his eyes and just asked what Tony wanted for lunch.
That responsibility led me to doing everything I could to separate myself from the dark alien. I tried everything I could think of. I tried pouring gas over myself when we were together and lighting myself on fire. Didn't work. I tried cutting it from my body. It threw the knife away. I tried drowning. It saved me. No matter how I tried to separate, it never seemed to do any good.
Peter has a strange experience but his family's got him.
Before too long, my body felt like it was on fire. Every cell felt like it was melting. My blood felt like it was liquid fire and screams and whimpers of pain were ripping through my throat like Wolverine's adamantium claws ripped through everything.
I haven't been Spider-Man since the bomb and reading Twitter messages has only made me antsy. People are wondering where Spider-Man is. I even read an article sanctioned by JJJ celebrating the possibility that Spider-Man died somewhere in a ditch and New York City is finally free of the “menace”. That guy really has some issues. Even Daredevil doesn't get this kind of bullshit attention.
Who knew that Avengers Tower could be so boring?
Brows furrowed, I frowned in confusion. “Wait – what? DD is scared of going out?” I asked in disbelief.
“He's done a lot of good.” I looked over at Matt. Bucky's hand reached out and ruffled my hair annoyingly as he smirked, “Yes. He has.” I flushed when I heard the pride in their voices. It was like they weren't upset that I'd kept Spidey a secret from them, like they thought I had done a lot of good as Spidey. ..It felt good.
to want to goad Tony? ..Must've been a bad time at the Medbay.
“Petey!” Wade cries as they throw me back into the cell, his warm arms wrapping around my body to keep me from falling. “Shit! Are you okay?” he asks, concerned.
In the coming days, I was plagued by nightmares and often woke up crying and screaming. The first time I had a nightmare like that, all of the Avengers had raced into the room, armed with whatever they could find and looking ready to kill whoever caused my pain. It was almost comical how Deadpool had crashed through my window, guns at the ready only to learn that there was no enemy and I was only having bad dreams.
This was actually a painfully slow chapter to write, but compared to the others and how much I'm lagging with the updates, I'm not going to complain.
I pout.  I know I shouldn't but damnit, I hate this place.  Tony and Clint snicker.  Of course those two would.  They hate this place as much as I do.  I've heard about how many times they land themselves in the Medbay.  I glare at them.  “Just remember the next time you get laid up, I'm going to laugh.”  I can't help but feel a certain sense of accomplishment as everyone laughs at those two as they look offended.
I close my eyes as my weary body strains against the ties that hold me down to the cold table. I can still hear Deadpool – Wade's voice ringing in my ears, screaming
My stomach churned nervously at the thought that I'd let people who had been missing me, people who needed me, down while I was recovering.
“I wanna just chuck the damn thing into a volcano though,” Tony muttered as the three left in a hurry to grab the items that Tony had specified. Bruce raised an eyebrow at Tony but said nothing.
Gasping, he put his hand over the arc reactor in with a betrayed expression. “I can make spaghetti.”
After stopping a robbery, I sat on the edge of a rooftop, legs dangling over the edge. Absently, my fingers dug into my wrists, scratching. 'That guy just didn't even think before trying to rob that convenience store,' I thought, critically to myself. 'Doesn't he know that Spider-Man gets snacks from there sometimes?' I snorted. 'Idiot.'
He bit his lip anxiously before he came out and caught my hand. Taking a breath beforehand, he plunged the needle into the spinneret in my right wrist.
Sorry for taking so long and it being so short.
Sheepishly, but shamelessly trying to divert Steve's suspicions, I asked, “So.. SHIELD has them in custody, right?”
I nod, because if there's one thing Matt doesn't do, it's lie. My lungs expand as I yawn and then.. I'm slipping asleep.
It was a clean grab. Doc Ock may be a freaky evil dude, but he is still a genius. That means he left no trace of his criminal act – taking me. I couldn't help but groan as he chained me to a lab table that was held at a slant. Fuck me. This is not what I have been waiting for.
I winced as the light hit my eyes but I looked at him and then at Tony. Their faces were wrought with nervousness.
“Yeah, Carnage and I have met and we did the whole “bonding” thing. Needless to say I was unsatisfied with its level of redundancy and we parted with me throwing it into a vat of molten metal.” I pulled a smile onto my face and directed it to the vial, letting it become smug. “It was simply too easy to beat.” I was rewarded with a flash of frustration in the Doc's eyes before it was covered up with determination.
“Let's get him to the Medbay,” Bruce calmly commanded. “Come on, Peter,” he dropped his hands and put one on my shoulder as I nodded slowly, still holding my arms out in front of me as if they were bombs.
Dr. Vanquil set aside his device and pulled out a scalpel and container. “I think this time we'll try working with your dermis.”
Raising their guns, they whacked Deadpool's head, but still he clung. “Wade,” I cried, feeling his body jerk under their assault. I squirmed, hoping he'd let me go. If he let me go, they'd stop hurting him, leave him alone. “Wade, let go!”
Steve squeezed my hand, silently reassuring me. I gave his hand a squeeze in return as I looked at Matt. “It's hard..” I admitted. “Every minute I'm in here is another minute that someone's out there getting hurt when I could help them.”
“What the fuck!?”  Tony cursed, ignoring Steve's look of disapproval, but it was watered down by his shaken thought.  “You were there for the Invasion!”  Everyone looked noticeably shaken by the realization that Tony was right.  I cringed.  “I – maybe?”  At the hardened glares directed at me, I changed my answer to 'yes'.  “You stopped the Lizard attack.”  By this time I could practically see the horror as they realized all the dangers I had faced, alone.
Clint looked even more shaken than everyone else.  “Oh God, I almost killed you.”  I cringed as Tony held onto Steve to keep him from falling.  Clint kept repeating that phrase looking terrified, his face drained of blood.  “Clint.”  He kept talking about shooting me with arrows and cutting my web so I fell.  It had hurt, but I hadn't died.  “Clint.”  He didn't stop.  Was he going into shock or something?  “Clint!”  I yelled at him, finally getting his attention.  Honestly, it looked more like he was going to commit suicide before anyone might murder him over nearly killing me.  “Still alive.  Right here.”  I widely gestured to myself, ignoring the pain.  “Besides, if a bird brain was enough to kill me the Vulture would've killed me ages ago.”  And… obviously they didn't find that joke very funny.  I did.  I could laugh.
Thanks!
A light flickered on on the rooftop I was standing on. It was a kind of night-light that I'd not seen before. Perhaps people came up here at night? It could happen. I did like the ambiance of the city at night from high places.
“Nnn...” I make a strangled sound over my lead tongue.
I frown, ignoring the drawl of Dr. Vanquil as he continues to talk about how 'fascinated' he is with the life form. Why hadn't Tony and Bruce picked up on this sooner? Was it just not masking the DNA at that point?
The call dies and I throw my phone on the bed in favor of a quick, hot shower. My back, where I got burned, aches just a tad, but it's nothing compared to the pain when I first got blown up. I'm Spidey. I deal.
Thanks!
It took weeks to accidentally land in the middle of a sonic disturbance. That's when I noticed how it acted to loud sounds. It was weak to powerful sonic bursts. I threw myself in the middle of the noise and vaguely enjoyed the feel of the black sludge falling from my body. I'd contact SHIELD promptly after and had them bring a large containment cell, completely made of thick, reinforced glass, to hold the alien. That was the end of that.
“It is.”
“Not a problem,” I replied, lungs rasping a bit from the smoke. “Make sure the paramedics take a look at her.”
Looks like Goblin has some friends.
“We have a problem,” I squeaked out.
I flexed and could feel the way the suit extended over my muscles, which were not to be compared to several members of the Avengers. ...Okay, most of the Avengers. They were there though, just had to look.
“Do you think you could get it working?” Deadpool questioned, curious.
And that's when Sabertooth steps out into the light. Smug bastard. “Okay~ weird.” He grins evilly at me. I hate him. Him and his… fluffy fur. “Enjoyin' the trip?” Oh yeah, totally enjoying the trip. I raise my hand to wipe that smug grin off his stupid face, but yelp when the chains snap taunt, pulling my hand back down. He chuckles and I think about how much he'd chuckle if I wrapped him like a mummy with duck tape.
I shrugged and stretched out over the couch. The majority of the Avengers had gone to a meeting on the Helicarrier with SHIELD. Only Bucky and Bruce were there.
“Silence, you insignificant bug!” 'Bug'? Dude, arachnid. Idiot.
Truth be told, I kind of wanted to just jump off the Helicarrier and take my chances with falling into NYC.  Still, I knew that it was time to tell them…  Ever since they had adopted me, I had struggled with whether or not they should know.  I tried to remain distant.  It wasn't for them to know and I was highly untrusting as to whether or not they would keep  me.  For the first few months I was struggling with depression, guilt over the deaths of Gwen and my Aunt May… Even now I struggle.
I looked towards Bruce, pushing down my fear and pain. “My blood..” I cleared my throat when it came out hoarse and like the call of a dying cat. “What's it look like?”
“Spidey!? Spidey, calm down!” It was a familiar voice, but fuck if I could place it. I snarled when metal wrapped around my body, pinning me back.
“You need to get back,” I told them, desperately, off-handedly telling them that they were right and things could go sideways any minute now.
'Fuck..'
It wasn't the worst I've ever had, but it was still terrible. The hybrid leftover –
Mask in my hand, I walked out into the living room and into the kitchen area. Steve gasped, “Peter?” Tony and Bucky whirled around from presumably fighting over the best ingredients for an omelet.
“You're okay, Peter. We're not going to leave you,” Steve assures me. I hope they won't. I really do. Tony ruffles my hair for a moment before he moves over to talk to Bruce. I wonder when they arrived, but I leave it be. My mind must be playing tricks on me.
With whatever my condition is, there are no guarantees that I wouldn't be a liability. I grind my teeth, clenching and unclenching my hands into fists, ignoring the way my wrists twinge. I know.
Bucky reached out and gently threaded his fingers through my hair, smiling a little. “Get some rest. Stark and Dr. Banner are working on fixing this.”
“It's okay, Petey-pie,” Deadpool murmurs in my ear, whispered. “We'll keep you safe.” He always seemed to have a certain amount of clarity in the most serious of situations when I was afraid. Matt always knew too, but Matt wasn't the one talking to voices in his head like Wade did. So these moments.. It made it a lot easier to close my eyes with a deep breath, letting go.
The sight that greeted my eyes made me shiver as I ignored arms shifting me and holding me against a warm body.
Sorry about the short chapter!  I've been kinda busy and occupied with my newest Spidey fic.
“Is it story time, Doc? I like the one where the the Spider goes free and gets to sleep in his own bed. Your beds here are terrible. I'm sure you must agree,” I rambled.
They led me down to the Medbay with gloved hands. Not literally gloved, but I almost think they should've. They were painfully delicate with me. Steve and Tony clung to each others' hands as if it could solve everything. It made me heart ache. I wanted desperately to tell them that I was okay, that I was going to be okay, but there was a feeling deep in my stomach that made me nervous.
I think this chapter might've turned out okay?  I've really got to get my head back into this so I can figure out what direction I'm going to go from here though.
I'm sure I looked like a limp doll in between their costumed bodies, but for once I could honestly care less. They helped me onto a transport with Coulson and a few agents staying behind. 'Must be staying to scope things out,' I remarked to myself.
It looked like they were shocked when I apologized.  Like they didn't believe it was my fault.  But it was.  I needed them to understand.  They needed to know.  “Peter?  Peter, are you okay?”  They asked me, concerned and uncertain as to whether or not they should call a doctor.  “N-no, wait,” I called to them as Clint turned to run out the door.  “Hold on, give.. give me a few...” I took a few deep breaths, trying to gain control of my panic.  What if they made me stop?  What if they were ashamed of me?  Oh god…  'Wait.  Snap out of it Peter!  They love you.  They'll understand.'  I shook myself from my thoughts.
Steve chuckles. “He tried to stay up to be there when you woke up, but looking for you took a lot out of him.”
Deadpool makes pancakes - not waffles.
Tony marched straight up to Bruce and I and his lips curved downwards in a thoughtful frown as Bruce showed him my wrists.
“Bingo!” With the comm in hand, I lifted my mask enough to slip it into my ear and turn it on. A burst of static made me flinch momentarily.
I grumbled and waved off Steve's apology.
I squinted, looking up at Deadpool. “What about my eyes?”
And then in an instant, everything fell silent. The screams stopped. The pain vanished. The blood lust trickled off...
Something ripples through my veins like a low growl of acknowledgment. 'That's...interesting.' There's still a wave of pain and hateful anger thrumming through my mind. It feels violent, yet somehow protective of me.
“D'you think Wade can get Fury?  I want to get out of here.”  I can tell that everyone's looking at each other with an odd look.  I hear the pounding of footsteps as Wade flies out of a nearby room, heading to get Director Fury.  “I want to go home.”  I can hear the whine in my voice.  It's not manly, but I've had a rough day and I do not want to spend the night in this Hell hole.
Biting my lip, I held my hands out in a manner that oddly resembled someone ready to be handcuffed. “What the fuck-” They held equally horrified and panicky reactions when I flipped my wrists over.
I wince at how painful my spider-sense is pounding in the back of my skull. It makes me want to cry at the amount of pain when Doc Ock brings the vial closer to me and pops off the cork. “You remember Venom, don't you?”
I glared at him, gooseflesh rippling across my body and my discolored veins burning inside my flesh.
I remember screaming, thrashing, metal creaking. Hands reached out and I lashed out instantly.
Well, my body kinda aches, but my eyes are good. So that's...good.
“What's wrong?” Bruce asked, concerned as Bucky's eyes narrowed.
And then… I blacked out.
I have no idea how I managed to write this chapter.  I've been so distracted with my other works that this one (which is also my very first, sadly) has been set aside many times over.  So~ 'tis a miracle to have a second chapter up so soon.  Hopefully I'll be getting back into the action scenes sometime soon.
“They're going to find out how Sabertooth and Doc Ock got to Venom, aren't they?”
Steve and Tony knew.  The Avengers knew.  They all knew about my loss.  I wasn't exactly the easiest teenage son they could adopt, but they did.  I didn't talk to them much for the first few months.  I trusted them as Avengers, but how could I trust them as a family when I had never known them as anything more than the world famous Avengers?  I couldn't.  But they understood.  When I had trouble, they were there.  When I needed help, they were there.  If I needed distance, they stood back.  I hadn't known that they would come to care for me.  I couldn't believe that I could come to care for them as I do now.
Have a great rest of the week and I hope you've enjoyed this chapter.
“'Fighting'? What do you mean, 'fighting'?”
Anywho.  Hope you found this chapter interesting.
“Um, what are you doing in that?” Tony asked, quirking an eyebrow.
Tony gasped in mock offense, not even touching the idea about
I wasn't any more happy about the fact that they were drawing so much blood and so much of..
First nights back out seem to be having a trend - ending badly.
I still wasn't sure what happened last time. Daredevil and Deadpool told me that there had been an explosion near them that distracted them and when they turned back, I'd disappeared. I'd like to say that I'd had enough of being protected and had gone out to face that green fashion disaster, but.. I couldn't remember enough to know if I had.
“Nobody hurt Peter, Wade,” Steve asserted, sending him a look. Tony snorted and avoided Steve's eyes when he looked back at him.
With or without Mexican, he always seemed to be able to cheer me up. “Thanks, Wade,” I murmur, gratefully. I can tell he sends me a wink from behind the mask.
Getting rid of Carnage was a lot easier than rid of Venom. I was able to reconfigure a speaker system to play really loud noises in a factory. Once the red slime was off me, I'd thrown it into a vat of molten metal. The agonizing screeches had been a guilty pleasure ever since. That was the end of Carnage.
“Well if he didn't see,” Steve teased. “Come here, Peter,” he said, wrapping his arm around my middle and the other under my legs. I whined childishly but let him pick me up, turning my face into his chest.
Daredevil was smirking, amused. Bastard was like Xavier when it came to reading my mind. He always knew things he shouldn't. Made it fucking hard to prank the guy. I still haven't quite succeeded yet.
“Well then, I'm sure you'll enjoy reuniting with you old friend. And this time, we've added something a little extra to ensure your happy reunion,” Doc Ock said, a smirk of some sick pleasure plastered on his pudgy face.
This is somehow going a lot slower than my other work in-progress.
Deadpool sat right back down where he had been and leaned against me. It was warm and comforting. I heard Daredevil give him a soft murmur of approval for what he did. Quite frankly, it would've been one or the other. They were awesome like that.
I began to fiddle with the comm, trying to tap into the system. I was happy that Tony taught me more about comms. Not that I couldn't have figured them out on my own. It's just that having someone there to teach you was like having a guide to show you not how to get lost.
“It seems to be masking your DNA,” Dr. Vanquil continues, ignoring my defiant look. 'Bastard.'
needed to kill.
My eyes shot back to Deadpool. “Don't! I'll be okay,” I tried to reassure him. “I'll be back soon,” I promised him.
“How did you end up with SHIELD?”  Everyone turned to look at Natasha, who had been so quiet since the realization.  “I – “ My voice closed up and it felt like my heart was ready to blow up in my chest.  “-eter?  Peter?”  Oh, hyperventilating again.  Damn.  Matt and Wade would burst in here any minute if I didn't calm down.  I closed my eyes and forced myself to calm down.  It left me weak.  I felt too weak to regale them with that particular tale.  But they had to know.  Some of them were agents of SHIELD.  They had the right to know how we could be on the same team.  Fighting the same fights and yet not know it had been me.
And that was most definitely not a feather on my cheek. It was a calloused hand, thumb stroking my cheek.
My chuckles die as my own stomach grumbles and I make a frustrated sound as hunger pains resonate through my middle half. “Damn, now I'm hungry.”
I cleared my throat, ignoring the way it made it ache. It wasn't a good feeling coupled with my wrists and head. “So.. What do we do?”
The sounds of thrusters being engaged alerts me to where I am. They're talking with each other in hurried, urgent voices, but I can't differentiate between who's who or what they're saying. I must be pretty messed up. With what I've been through, I can't disagree with that.
What do you think?
Wearily, I ate an orange slice, chewing. I leaned my head on Deadpool's shoulder as my wrists gave a particularly nasty throb. For once I didn't mind the smell of gunpowder and Mexican spices.
He reaches forward and his ice cold hand runs along my cheek. My spider sense is blaring but I force myself to remain still. “You're afraid,” he states. “Good.”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“It's okay, Peter. Go to sleep.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Can we just.. not?” I asked, weakly. What happened with the hybrid was just so recent in my mind. Memories kept bubbling up and Carnage and Venom mixing with that of the hybrid. Terror. Horror. Unquenchable anger. Loss. Loss of control, of oneself.
Clint narrowed his eyes at me. “Those there are fightin' words, Tex,” he said in a Texan accent. I raised an eyebrow, “Well, actually, there winning words.” I smirked as he growled and began to set everything up.
tumblr: tabihe
“Diapers!” Deadpool butted in. I ignored Deadpool's response and replied, “Fifteen.”
“Wade~~ I'm fine.  Just a little winded--” I promptly ignoring Matt's scoff of disbelief as I downplayed my injuries.  Hey, I'd had worse.  “Nothing two days of rest here in the Medbay can't fix.”  Even Phil raised an eyebrow at that statement.  Seriously?  I do have accelerated healing.  I'm badass too.  Okay, so I felt more like a child remembering that my family was crowded around in the room.  I huffed and rolled my eyes.  I was happy when Wade remembered I was hurt and quickly jumped out of the hug.  “Ohmygod, did I hurt you Petey!?”  I shook my head, laughing softly.  “Nah, I'm good.”  Wade looked a bit like 'yeah right, like I believe that' behind his mask, but it was hard to tell.  Damn masks.
I raised an eyebrow and looked at the ceiling where I knew Jarvis' cameras were installed. “Breakfast for lunch?”
The lights turned on, shining brightly overhead. “Oh my god, it burns!” I struggled to bury my head in Bucky's shirt as he groaned, covering his eyes with his robotic arm.
“-ter? Peter?” I blink and everything in front of me changes. Matt's holding my hand in a death grip, repeating my name with fearful urgency. “Peter?”
Eyes closed, I dream. I dream of my family, of the times I spent patrolling… I could almost feel the wind slide over my suit, the weightlessness of my body mid-leap. I could almost hear the sounds of my family's voices, their laughter.
And there were always the bad guys to catch.
Peter regains consciousness, except he's not in the Medbay..
“Bucky..”
“Pool..” Clint warns, but Deadpool shakes his head. “Nope! Not listening to you Tweety. This time no one's taking Petey-pie away without getting through this hot bod first,” Deadpool swears.
“A little dosage of Venom.”
Wade laughs. “Man, do not get me started on those. These dicks gave me some kind of shit soup for dinner. You cannot torture me with thoughts of those heavenly Mexican treats.”
The other time I'd met with Venom was when it had escaped and attached itself to another photographer from the Bugle, Eddie Brock. I tried not to feel too happy about its choice, but Eddie was a bit of a dick. Still, dick or not, I went after Venom and basically got my ass kicked.
“If I recall, you spent a good amount of time making nice with a friend of this,” he gestures towards the vial. “Uhh...” I don't get it. He knows that and he just continues right along. “It made you a better spider. Stronger. More powerful. And more… Deadly.”
“Clint and Nat ran into Doc Ock and Sabertooth and things got a bit out of hand,” Steve explained. I leaned back from Steve in shock, nearly falling out of his arms. Bucky's hands found my back and kept me from spilling out onto the floor.
I bite my lip, wanting so badly to apologize.
I tug on my blankets, pleading at Steve. “You.. want another blanket?” Steve questions slowly. My eyes sparkle and I nod. I definitely want another blanket. I can't quite feel warm for some reason.
I felt myself relax into Bucky's arms. He was safe. I was safe. I was home.
“Spidey?” My brows furrowed unconsciously. Someone was calling my name.
“It's okay, Peter,” Matt murmured, resting his head against mine gently for a moment. I sighed in defeat and looked at Bucky. I was tired, but…
Deadpool and Daredevil stood at my back while Bruce and Tony ran tests on my blood after I'd stripped and put on those fashion disaster gowns. Those I was okay with. It was when Bruce held up a needle and gave me this heavy, sympathetic look that I knew where it was going.
Where were they? I needed help badly. Like 9-1-1 times a gazillion. Fury? Ding dong. There's trouble. Answer this little spider's prayers and get me the fuck out of here.
Matt choose to sit on one of the recliners instead of beside me, but I didn't blame him in the slightest. It was quiet now, but when Deadpool came back with his piles of food.. Anyways, at least Clint sat to my right, nudging me. “Wanna play Mario Kart until the food's ready?”
They get interrupted as the door opens.  Director Fury steps into the room, looking a bit tired and annoyed.  He looks at me with his good eye and I have enough sense to look guilty for letting Deadpool get Director Fury.  “I hear you're opting for an early check-out.”  I shrug, helplessly.  “They put me in the same room, on the same bed as the first time I almost got torn to little spider bits.”  Fury raises his eyebrow at the 'little spider bits' part but doesn't comment.  “Come on, pleaseeeee~?  I'll be a good spider and rest at home.”  Yeah, I know.  I'm a bit pathetic, begging and all that.  I may or may not be using puppy eyes.
He looked so crushed that he couldn’t do anything to help so I asked for a few tacos, which he was more than happy to dash out and get me, despite the disapproving gazes of my family. As he said, “What don’t late night tacos fix?” It made me laugh. I can always count on him to lighten up the atmosphere.
“Well..” Deadpool began.
“You know, Doc, not sure you want to play this game, if you know what I mean,” I told him, swallowing my doubts. As easily, or as easier, as I had defeated Carnage, the feeling of being used and toyed with, of wanting to hurt and destroy wasn't something I wanted to feel again.
Deadpool's chest rumbled as he replied, “No.”
“Who the fuck hurt Petey-pie?” Deadpool asked as he walked in from the elevator. He was followed closely by Daredevil who looked serious.
They aren't treating me like a child, but that's just their opinion. I'm not as delicate as they think. I have half a mind to tell them just how trashed I was after a one versus six fight with the Sinister Six. Or about that time I got kidnapped by Hydra – no, no that one would not go over well. I would never allowed to leave the Tower again.
Thank you~  Comment if you like, please~
The aftertaste is somehow metallic after the sip, so I quickly just tilt my head back and slurp as much as possible until it's all gone. I gasp as I pass the bowl back to Wade, sucking in air. “Yuck,” I whine, the taste sticking to my tongue with evil hatred.
I heard something crack. I didn't have to look back to know they'd just broken a bone. A guard grabbed me and pulled fast, but I could tell Deadpool wasn't going to let me go. I knew he couldn't die, but… Deadpool – Wade is my friend. Unable to die or not, I wasn't about to sit back and let them beat him to death until he let me go.
My brows furrowed as I recognized the ceiling of the Medbay and cotton sheets under my body. Somehow I'd been laid down.
Bucky, Clint, and Bruce were the only ones in the living room. They all looked up at Jarvis' announce me.
I scramble out of bed, forgetting about the phone in my hand as I rush around to get ready. “Sir, yes, sir!” Another round of restrained laughter on his part and I am so embarrassed that I'm acting like a kid who's going to the zoo for the first time. Can it, I'm ready to taste freedom.
want to be caught in them. It's like being caught with rocks. Much like if you fell on Thing from the Fantastic Four. Rocks. Painful. Why couldn't Thor have muscles of cotton candy. I bet that would be so much softer. Not to mention yummier.
“It's okay,” Cap whispers to me as we move onto something metallic. “We've got you. You're safe.”
Just my luck that I run into Doc Ock. And… that I got Spidey-napped by him. Seriously. The Avengers were never going to let me out of the Tower if I kept attracting trouble. Not my fault I'm the best spider in town. I mean, I was looking for criminals and yes, Doc Ock is one, but this was not what I had in mind for a first day back on the job.
Thank you for commenting.  It really helps.
“So… I think this beats any time I've ever gotten lucky,” Deadpool mused aloud. I grinned, watching as he eyed me with exaggerated awe.
I pulled my mask off without hesitation and stripped my gloves off, tossing them carelessly on the floor.
“What happened,” Steve demanded. I shrank back instinctively. He was angry. Worried but still angry. It wasn't directed at me, but the anger of Captain America is a terrifying thing. Almost as terrifying as that one time Tony had gotten so drunk he'd actually slipped away and came back wearing a black silk dress with a thigh high slit. I shudder at the memory.
Once the transport started up, I leaned into Daredevil with Deadpool on my opposite side. “I wanna go home...” I'd had enough of SHIELD Medical and just wanted to go back to my family. It was heart-stopping to realize how close I'd been to losing myself, to becoming what they fight – an enemy. I didn't want to imagine what would've happened had they not found me in time.
“That's okay. I'm going to take good care of you, alright?” I smiled at her, but it didn't have the same effect when she couldn't see it. “How's about we get you out of here and go find your parents, okay?”
“They're on their way,” Daredevil stated, still distant, but he'd moved behind Deadpool. Closer, but with more of a chance to get away if needed. It was how they operated sometimes. If things could get insane at a moment's notice, Deadpool would step up and assess the danger and then Peter would try and remove it while Daredevil kept watch.
“I think it's time you told them the truth.”
There's a slight twinge in my chest and then it feels like I'm being crushed under a semi again. My free hand flies to my chest, nails digging into it as my breath stutters. “Shit,” someone swears.
Bucky must've sensed how anxious it made me, because he pulled me tighter against him with my body tucked safely away in his reach. It didn't take much to force my fears down. I was exhausted mentally and physically and the drain of adrenaline from my body made me feel drugged. But most importantly, I was with those I trusted and loved.
Hands touched me, and I screamed at the fire it brought.
'...Wait. Did he say that it's masking my DNA?' I curiously think. Could it be possible? If they can't see the results of my DNA then they don't know who I am… 'Is it
Dr. Vanquil looks at me, irked from my interruption. “General Lange will be meeting with him once he's clear of the Avengers. Can't have him leading them here, now can we?”
I'm Spider-Man for fuck's sake. I kick criminal butt too. Even the odd alien.
“Right,” Tony clapped his hands together to get everyone's attention. “You, spy trio,” he pointed at Clint, Natasha, and Bucky. “Go to SHIELD and grab their sonic gear. Including a functioning sonic cage or something.”
I know that. It doesn't make me less afraid though. Ever since I woke up on the building overlooking the city, I've been afraid of closing my eyes, of waking up someplace else, alone, and forgetting how I got there.
Torn away from his family, Peter clings to Deadpool, grateful for the fact that he's not alone.
So yeah, a few issues, but I was up to the challenge. A little anemic and sore, but I could do it.
I woke with a start, muscled arms tugging me close to a warm body. “Wade?” I croaked, suddenly wide awake.
I felt cool hands on my cheeks, dragging my gaze to look into the blue eyes of Wade.  I vaguely registered the outcries of anger from the others.  Wade.  Wade without his mask.  His voice was calm and demanding.  “Breathe.  Slowly.  Okay?  In and out.  In.  Out.”  I was so shocked by his sudden maskless face that I followed his commands automatically.  Wade didn't do maskless much.  It made him nervous.  He himself had freaked out when he'd shown his face to me the first time.  My lack of response due to surprise had freaked him out.  He'd thought I would faint from his ugliness and started muttering apologies for showing his ugly face to me.  I had snapped out of my surprise so fast and grabbed his face to look into his eyes.  'No,' I'd said, 'I like your face.  It's nice.  There's nothing wrong with it.'  I had been so relieved to see his relief and feel his body relax beneath my touch.  There wasn't anything wrong with him as far as I was concerned.  He'd become a good friend to me.  Looks meant nothing to me.  He was a-ok in my book.
Not again.
“Wowzas, that outta hurt like a bitch,” I heard a familiar voice say. Well, now I was curious. I gritted my teeth a looked around to see the owner. I had never been so pleased to see that red and black spandexed ass. “Deadpool?” Well, damn. If that was Deadpool that meant I must've mistaken… Daredevil for the Devil. Well I had been right in a sort of way. Semantics.
Even the normally cool assassins were staring at me with looks of shock.  The beeping of the heart monitor had become increasingly faster from the moment Deadpool had mentioned 'Spidey', which was odd because I'd felt like my heart had stopped at that moment.  I felt a distinct lack of oxygen in the room, like that one time I had been drowned in Venom before he'd attached to me.  I was going to die of oxygen starvation.  Not from Green Goblin or Doc Ock, not even from any of the other villains I'd met during my time as Spider-Man.  No, I was going to die from shock because Deadpool opened his mouth one too many times.  “Peter?  Peter, calm down!”  Matt's voice reached my ears with panicked worry.  Odd because Matt doesn't do worry that much, at least not visibly.  Steve was by my side, telling me needed to breathe.  Even the others looked panicked.  Breathe?  Wasn't I?  That was what the heart monitor was telling me I was breathing and… oh.  I was hyperventilating.  Fuck.  That's why I felt like the room was getting a little too close to becoming a roller coaster.
going to think about
I groan, feeling a cold chill make me shiver as I open my eyes. The lights are dimmed, for a change. It still makes me squint, but it doesn't actually hurt much to wake up.
'Like Hell,' I swore, tearing at the symbiote's control. Freedom meant people would be hurt. Freedom meant people would die. 'I am Spider-Man,' I mentally told the symbiote, 'and I don't let bad guys win.'
okay, but the fire had left me weak and exhausted, so I simply blinked. “You can rest now,” Matt's gentle voice came. “We'll all be here when you wake up.”
'Calm down'? He wants me to calm down? He hasn't been stuck in the Tower for a week with the Avengers mother-henning him to boredom. “What about Steve and Tony?” They would most likely have some objections to letting me out again. Especially as Spider-Man. I wouldn't put it passed them if I got trailed from now on.
Steve frowned. “Tony, it's 3am in the morning.”
I stepped out of the shower feeling a lot better than I'd gotten in. Sure, I was still a bit tired, but I felt stronger. There was no scientific explanation for it, but things seemed clearer.
I wanted to believe Tony. I really did, but they didn't know him as well as I did. Normon.. He was always persistent and determined. If there was something out there that he wanted, I had little hope that he'd stop.
A smile spreads across his lips. “Nah. Just being observant.”
I sighed. I was starting to think that any of Tony's initial calm was more about being in shock than anything. Fury raised an eyebrow at me and I just shrugged. It was Tony. What could anyone do? He seemed to understand and smiled at me covertly.
“Oh my god, Tony. If you say it looks like licorice one more time, I'm going to stuff a whole bag up your nose,” I growled, more out of nerves than actual anger. Steve glared at Tony until Tony apologized, sheepish. “Sorry, kid..”
“Turns out, we have a lot more in common than we thought, Spider-Man,” Doc Ock comments. I can't help but quirk my eyebrow at him in sarcastic curiosity. “Sure, we do.” The mad scientist grins like there's something he knows that I don't and I really hate that look. He leans in and whispers into my ear, “We're both men of science, aren't we… my former intern.”
I growled desperately wanting to tear my suit apart just to get to my wrists so I could scratch without the bother of my suit. “Son of a..” My eyes found sirens heading towards another part of the city. I groaned as my fingers replaced the spandex over my wrists.
I turned my head so I could smile at him. He did always seem to know what to say. Maybe we'd both been alone, living our lives under the guise of normalcy before we'd joined this group. Maybe we'd both been at very low, lonely points of our lives when they'd found us, but for whatever reason he always seemed to know just what to say.
I swallowed a little and nodded as I put the comm in my ear before pulling over my mask. Bucky clapped shoulder and grinned. “Go get 'em, kid.”
Ehhh… They had Thor catch me. Let me tell you, Thor's muscles are freaking awesome for battles. But you do
“Sshh.. Papa shushes me, stroking my hair. “You're okay, Peter… You're safe now.” He looks relieved to see me awake. More relieved than I am to be awake, really. I feel bad for making him worry.
I wasn't panicking quite yet. Just a little bit. “And that is?” I wanted to know what this 'extra' was that they had added. Hopefully it was just rocket boosters or something.
kinds of applications though.')
Hello to everyone still reading this fanfic~
“Tony..” Steve started, but Tony kept rambling on and on about facts he'd learned about SHIELD, about calling Fury in on the matter… There was something about coffee thrown in there, but I have no idea where that came from.
Steve carried me over to sit next to Bucky on the extra large couch. “Can we have pizza too?” I called.
..Wasn't it?
can do it perfectly. Damn him.
After having talked with Matt the night before and spending time with Steve, Tony, and Bucky (well, spending all frickin' night with them), I slept in. Like.. seriously, J? You couldn't have waited until it was 3pm?
Bucky rolled his eyes. “You're the one hovering.” Bucky waved the fry pan making Tony duck away to avoid getting burned. “I'm the one cooking, Stark. You're just taking up space.”
Something dark caught my eyes, and I looked down to see that I'd ripped out an IV and blood was now streaming down my arm and staining the white sheets. But instead of red.. it was black.
“They're worried about you.  Tony won't shut up about hacking into SHIELD.  Steve's been on the verge of panicking.  Natasha, Bucky and Clint seem to make up the majority of demanding answers and Bruce.. Bruce is worried about you, Kid.”  I flinched, saddened by the mess that I had caused.  After being adopted by Tony and Steve, I had wanted to keep them from worrying, to keep them safe, even from me.  It was obvious that at this point I had sincerely failed and that failure was a terrible feeling.  Fury must've noticed my mental scolding of myself and cleared his throat to get my attention back.  “What should I say,” I questioned, my voice cracking at the end with fear and shame.  I wasn't sure if I could tell them.  Technically, since I had joined SHIELD as a kind of side job, revealing my identity was up to Fury.
Hoping to get ArrowFlash wrapped up soon and this one as soon as I can.
Bucky was silent but he must've been thinking along the same lines. “Yeah, kid. We'll find out how they got passed SHIELD and whether or not they had inside help,” he growled at the thought. Personally, I hadn't thought about a traitor, but after everything it was more than possible and it unnerved me.
“Don't worry, Pete,” Steve said, giving my shoulder a reassuring squeeze. “Tony will monitor your progress from here and if you need any help for anything, we'll be there.”
I plopped down on a stool at the counter, putting my mask in my lap. “I'm going to patrol after we eat.”
I'll try to do better in the future.
Everyone did, actually. It was hard not to when your weapons weren't on your persons. Deadpool and Daredevil had kept their weapons, but myself and the others? We weren't quite expecting to be attacked.
Couldn't help but snag some fruit while I was waiting for them to finish cooking. I was going to need all the energy I could get for webslinging later on. They seemed to know that best. Bucky kept piling food on my plate and Steve had me drink a glass of orange juice as well as a glass of milk. Tony just gave me a sympathetic look as if all the food would make me pop. I admit, I feel like I came close.
“Don't worry, Wade,” I told him, curving my lips in what I hope was a comforting smile as they dragged me down the hall. I only wish I could believe my own words.
I was glad to see that Daredevil at least distanced himself. Deadpool, if anything, inched closer, murmuring that he wasn't going anywhere. He could take a beating and survive, or, well, revive. I was relieved he didn't take my hand. In my condition I probably would've broken it instantly.
“Spidey? Petey-pie, you alive?” Deadpool asked, a tone of worry in his voice. It made me frown. I was fine, right? Just had a bit of a headache.
Usually this is where I'd get whacked, beaten up, something broken, but Doc Ock just smiles. What the hell, man! Creepy! Like this dude shouldn't be allowed near children creepy. I narrow my eyes at him. If he's this happy despite my quips, I'm probably in deep shit. Deep, deep shit. In other words, when I get out of this, Tony and Steve are never going to let me leave the Tower again.
(See the end of the chapter for
And Peter uses his puppy eyes to charm Fury.
I cleared my throat.  “You may be wondering why I've called you here.”  I began in my best Hawkeye from MASH impression.  “Years ago, something dastardly happened and an evil corporation had a dastardly plan...”  Hey, I couldn't very well follow what Hawkeye had said in the series.  This wasn't a mystery novel.  I was quite ready to continue in that impression, it made things easier, when I heard a familiar sing songy voice as the door was thrown open.  “Honey~~ I'm home~~~~~!!!!”  Deadpool.  Everyone besides Matt and Phil tensed and groaned in preparation for the merc with a mouth annoyance.  Deadpool bound across the room, holding a paper bag and a handful of flowers.  He pushed Tony out of the way, getting right up to me.  “I heard what happened, Petey-pie so I brought you get well presents!”  His voice sounded sympathetic but animated as he dropped the bag and flowers on my lap.
Gritting my teeth, I tried to pull myself into a sitting position, only to feel a bolt of pain run down my back.  I blinked to clear my mind of the white spots that had since filled my vision.  I wanted so bad to slip back into unconsciousness and fade away into that nothingness that came with blacking out.  It probably wasn't a good thing, but at least it would numb the pain.  I groaned and very gently forced myself up.
“Petey!” a familiar voice rings and I relax. He's safe. Deadpool lunges towards me, but Hawkeye's hand grabs him.
“Now then. Let's continue where we left off,” the doctor stated. “I believe I was trying to rip that alien away from your DNA.”
I took that as a compliment, especially during this time. 'Devious' was in these days. I don't know about anyone else, but
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wha tha fu-k!” I mumbled, barely to contain a gasp that would've made me drop my gloves.
Fury's snort of laughter still kind of freaks me out. He is the most badass super secret agent after all. Pretty sure he was also an assassin at one point. Maybe it's just the eye patch.
“Yeah, well. I've been here for a while now. You're so rude to make a lady wait,” I snark back, bravely. The man's lips curl in a smile though his eyes are hardened and unamused.
Yet there they were.. Fighting for me, to protect me, to avenge
For the part of SHIELD, Fury supported me. They stepped in and made sure that the Tower was kept secure. Phil even stopped by to make sure that I was recovering well. My healing factor isn't as perfect (badass) as Wolverine's so it's been taking way too much time. I really just want to get healed and go back to what I was doing before I got blown up.
Tony snorted, “Like the end of the world isn't bad?”
that this happened. Why couldn't he just hang onto the symbiote's data? How the hell did he allow the leak?
“Now that you've shut up, why don't we continue,” Doc Ock popped the lid off the vial and held it over my head. Now would be a good time to get the fuck out of there. Eyes wide, I struggled against my bonds as they dug and tore into my skin. “How about we just don't?” Maybe I was too weak or something but the restraints just weren't giving. 'Fuck fuck fuck fuck…'
I frowned, 'I don't want to rest.. I'm freaking out.. What if I don't wake up?' I struggled to open my mouth, to keep my eyes open. But a hand, fingers running through my hair, threading themselves with a strong but gentle touch was starting to make me relax. It was a wonderful feeling. There was something different about that hand, but it was just so.. reassuring that I sighed.
When he let go, I felt a little dizzy from the sudden movements and the pain from the burns on my back wasn't helping.  I reached out and grabbed the closet person, which was Uncle Bucky.  “Kid?  You okay?”  I could tell that he was starting to panic a little as I leaned into him for support.  “Just a little dizzy.”  I couldn't even protest properly as he led me back to the bed.  Bruce hooked the medical equipment back up as Steve and Tony asked me if I was okay and if they wanted me to get the doctor.  I shook my head.
It was a little different this time – leaving. The last time I'd gone out on patrol, I'd been captured and basically experimented on with the hybrid symbiote. It made me a little nervous to go out there and get back in the swing of things.
A warm hand slips onto my shoulder and squeezes it gently. My eyes flick towards Wade. I won't be alone, that much is obvious. “Here goes nothing,” I say, putting on my Spidey bravado as I slip the comm into my ear and turn it on.
Let me know what you think.  Comments are always welcome.
(“It's not resting if you're unconscious,” Dr. Banner's voice echoes in my head.) ...Details.
my eyes, so he wouldn't know what Deadpool meant. “Well.. They looked a bit.. bloody?” I swallowed hard and st
Been a while since I updated.  Admittedly, this one and "Crow" are so difficult to update.  I lack so many ideas, but hopefully this recent chapter is enough to get me going again.
Not just pain. To me, this was nothing but a living Hell.
Thank caffeine for the completion of this chapter.
But I promise that I won't be abandoning it.  I will finish this.
“Peter?”
My wrists burned, like ants were biting into them. Frowning, I noted the last time I had used my natural spinnerets. 'Goblin.' My eyes closed tightly in reflex.
Fury had rode with it, casting an unusually apologetic look toward me that didn't seem to suit him, like he'd not felt guilty very often. I wanted to tell him I forgave him, but I couldn't bring myself to say anything. I was so damn exhausted.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony waved it off. “So movies, what should we watch?”
Hope you have a good week~  For everyone going back to school: Good luck!
He didn't look convinced but then again no one else did either. This was the perfect time to accept I was a horrible liar.
It was hard to ignore that voice when I was so tired and with that infernally amazing hand running through my hair, so I listened and let my eyes fall shut. 'Sleep… I can do that..'
Steve, Tony, and Natasha burst from the elevator. “What's wrong with Peter?” Steve asked.
Daredevil's shoulders tensed, but I could see him thinking it over. Natasha was quietly relaying the idea to Tony and Bruce, who were no doubt getting ready as they were. Steve gritted his teeth, looking very unhappy with the idea that Goblin could be working with someone else.
“.. Bucky? Pete? Whatcha doin' out here?”
I want to say I remained calm, but that would be a lie. I feel like I dropped from a high rise the way my stomach swooped. I didn't freeze, persay. I just didn't move as fast as Steve would have liked, which was why he scooped me up in his arms and ran to the stairs.
My body shuddered violently. 'Not his fault,' I repeated to myself.
No one wanted to think that perhaps it was what happened last time. It was possible though.
Seeing the hybrid safely locked away with Fury and Coulson taking charge, I felt safer. Not as safe as I could be, but for what the capture of the hybrid couldn't secure, the arms around me belonging to Daredevil and Deadpool did.
I slipped my web-shooters on. 'Complete.' I smirked to myself with a small flutter of adrenaline bubbling up inside of me. It was then that I knew exactly what I was going to do.
Dr. Vanquil stanched the blood with some gauze and then disinfected it. He then took a bandage and wrapped it around my arm, taping it there. Apparently, the not-so-good doctor didn't believe I needed stitches, or perhaps he'd need another “access point” to my insides. I shivered. It felt so
Glass shattered as my body fell through it and into a smoky room. “Hey!” I yelled, holding back a cough as smoke entered my lungs. “Where are you?”
At this point though, there was nothing in my mind but protecting my family and stopping Osborne from destroying more of my life.
Staring at the comm in my hand, it's hard to believe that this is our hope of escape. I'm almost positive it will work, but at the same time, so many negative thoughts bog me down. What if they don't get it? What if Hydra figures it out? What if I'm stuck here?
'Shit.' I winced. This was just like that time.. that time I didn't want to remember. I pushed the pang of sadness, of loss down, but I knew that they saw the hurt flash across my face when Tony reached out and squeezed my shoulder lightly.
“Sure, kid,” Bucky said, reaching out and picking me up like I was a child. Normally I would've scowled and mumbled protests, but it felt good to be in his strong arms. A former assassin he might've been, but he was a hero before that and a hero now. My own personal thoughts? Bucky's badass.
This was worse than before. Worse than Carnage or Venom. This was torture..
I eye it with suspicion, like it would sudden come alive and bite me. It looks like it could be poison, so I figure my reasoning isn't that crazy. Aching stomach, I take it and sip slowly. It's bitter and slightly tangy, which somehow bothers me. It also doesn't taste like any soup I've ever had, kind of… 'Medicinal?'
Thanks to FeatheredParrot for help choosing which fanfic to work on.  Hoping for "The Vigilante Way" on Wednesday.
My nails break the skin on my chest and Matt stiffens. Before he can make a move, though, Bucky's metal hand reaches out and grabs mine. I still under his hold and he gives it a small squeeze until I look up at him.
“Now, you just sit right here Petey-pie,” Deadpool said, dumping on the couch of the Commons, “and lil ol' me'll go fix us up some grub.”
The girl nodded and set her small hand in mine, allowing me to pick her up. “Okay, put your face against my chest okay?” She did as I had asked, nodding into my chest. “Good job.”
“Wha-?” My throat was so dry that I couldn't help but cough. God, my body ached.
That was all they had to say. I trusted them. Despite what everyone said about Wade, I knew he'd be there with Matt and I knew that they would be there with me, for me. I let myself drift to sleep with two warm, strong, muscled heroes flanking either side of me. I was safe.
Anyways, I'm going to try and fix it.
When I shook his head, he asked, “Did you notice them before you went out on patrol?”
“That was lame...” I hear Wade mutter in the background. I thought it was aptly fitting. ...Noted, we don't have any tacos right now, and I think I just heard Wade's stomach growl, but still… What else was I supposed to say? Maniac 1 & 2?
The only thing I can do as I shut my eyes and let the world fade into darkness, is pray that this isn't a dream.
My fingers found their way underneath the reinforced spandex polymer and scratched against both wrists. I was starting to resemble a Chinese finger puzzle. Except it was both hands. And my own suit was the puzzle.
“Ginny!” a voice called and the girl, peeked out from her chest. “Mommy?”
“Okay, Spidey,” I spoke evenly in an attempt to calm myself. “Like globs of natural webbing are hard to produce but manageable for emergencies.” - Like Goblin - “But the difficulty is why I made the inorganic webbing.” - That I used daily - “I've used natural webbing before, rarely, but it's been done, so.. What's wrong with my spinnerets this time?”
Teeth sink into my tongue as I keep myself from snorting and replying, “Well, duh” in disgusted amusement. 'Alien'? Yes. Obviously.
Now, onto Carnage. Not the first time I've had the displeasure. Nope. After Goblin kidnapped me, as Peter, he'd made me into Carnage. Freaked me out for a while feeling my body move without my say so. But after all the experience with Venom, I'd managed.
I hope to continue this until it reaches its end and bring you more lovely chapters and works to enjoy.
Logically, I know that, but… I'm Spider-Man. I've lost people, people I loved and miss almost every single day. Because I became Spider-Man I lost them, and now I'm making my family worry about me. So yeah… I feel guilty.
Deadpool stared at me for a second before cackling. “Devious little spider.”
“But.. but..” Tony sputtered, glancing at me with worry. I waved off his worry, although I didn't want to admit the fact that I was freaking out inside myself. A gentle hand squeezed my shoulder and I sent Daredevil a grateful smile. I could tell he was worrying too, but he wanted to reassure me that I'd be okay. 'He has the Devil's ears.. I swear..'
I looked at Matt helplessly. I didn't want to leave everything up to them. I was sure the Avengers wouldn't let me out again after this. They would baby me, be overprotective and I wasn't sure I would stop them this time. I couldn't be sure I would even bother to complain either.
“So, how much do you remember?  You took a pretty had hit.”  Fury questioned, his eyes seeking something.  “Um...” My head spun as I thought back to before.  Getting ready to eat... Bucky... Pops.. Dad.... Jumping out of the Tower (which really wasn't that unusual)... and then... The Goblin!  He had been there.  He's the reason I jumped!  Bombs, he was trying to blow my family sky high!  ---- Oh.  It clicked.  Shit.  I jumped.  Nobody jumps at a lunatic on a glider 60 stories in the fucking air.  You had to be insane or.... you had to be used to it.  They knew.  'My family knows I'm different,' I was panicking internally.  'Oh God, they know.'
“Awake already, huh Parker?”  Okay, yeah, like ow, man.  My head was obviously not ready to snap towards the source of that voice.  “Ughhhh....”  I raised the hand with the less damaged wrist and rubbed my eyes before looking at my visitor.  And there he was, clad in his bad ass black uniform with that eye patch that always seemed to have no effect on his talents, Nick Fury.  “Director.” I said, although it was probably more of a croak now that I noticed how dry and sore my throat was.
It was a good plan. After I got its attention, I made sure that it would come after me. Like bees to honey. Unfortunately that plan also had me falling into a music studio. And by falling I mean being bodily thrown like a discus.
A faint tingling caught my attention, snapping me from cursing the seasonal weather. “Oohh.. Spidey, there'd better not be more..” I muttered to myself.
“Mm...” Wade's chin rests on my shoulder, bone digging into it a bit painfully.
“Ahh, not gone, just… locked away. However, a relative of Venom isn't.” He holds up the vial, close enough that I can see the liquid squirm as it flows upwards. “Meet Carnage.”
When I felt a hateful stab of pain in my heart, I screamed for the first time.
“Sssh.. we're here, it'll be okay, Peter,” Matt's voice assured me. Wet tears streaked down my cheeks, staining my skin. “Hang on, Petey-pie,” Wade murmured. “Eyepatch is coming.”
Tony smiled and replied, “Why not? Jarvis order us some pizza too. You know what we like.”
Just as it felt like it was going to burst, the guards unstrapped me and hoisted me up. As they dragged me back towards the cell, I spotted a comm laying on the edge of a table. I went limp, pitching forward as if I were weakened and helpless. At the same time the guards caught me, my hand slipped out and snagged the comm.
Haha, no. I'm so kidding with myself. Being a nerd/geek is better than being a jock or cheerleader to me. Although, I did have Deadpool dress up as a cheerleader once when I trained with Johnny Storm. I think the flame brain almost roasted him alive for that.
“Director Fury! Bit early for a pleasure call, isn't it? Or is this business?” I can only mentally beg that it's a business call. I'm about fully healed and I'm ready to go kick butt. It seems Daredevil and Deadpool haven't caught up with the Goblin yet, so I can't wait to track him down and tell him how grateful I was that he revealed my secret. (Yeah, I'll tell him. With my fist.)
It's quiet when I wake up and for a second there it looks like the room is completely empty. Even with my hearing, there's nothing. No city sounds, no breathing. I'm frozen with sudden panic and fear. Where is everyone? Where are they? What happened?
a mutant. There's a big difference. Mutate – yes. Mutant – nuh-uh. Not that there's anything wrong with mutants. It'd just be nice if someone got it right for once.
“Strap him in,” the doctor ordered, tapping at an iPad like device, not even bothering to look at me.
Patting my suit, I felt frantically for the comm that I'd slipped in there when Spider-Man had first befriended Tony. It had been a way for me to know what kind of trouble there was and for the Avengers to call when they felt like a little help might be needed. This time, though.. there was no doubt in my mind that I needed help.
(See the end of the chapter for
They weren't doing a bad job but.. I never wanted to drag them into my battles. He was after me. Always had been. It shouldn't be their business.
I hate to admit it but the way I've been entranced with my other fanfics about Kid Flash, this one will be updated infrequently (in other words, I have no idea when).
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis affirmed.
“Hey there, Sweetie,” I crooned softly. She had blonde hair and eyes that made me think of Gwen. I held out my hand to her. “Is there anyone else here?”
“Hello? Is anyone there?” I asked when the static had faded to a dull buzz. “Hello!?”
Especially at a time like this.
Peter's safe.  Or is he?
“Don't worry, Pete,” Tony declared, “We'll get him.”
Will I? I'm not sure. I don't quite feel like myself. I haven't for a while, actually, but this time it feels more permanent, more fierce. I can't quite place my finger on it. What
“Peter,” Matt spoke softly as he stopped by my side, “are you okay?”
His shirt smelled vaguely of the sterile smell of the Medbay and I stilled, sleep abandoning me. “Why do you smell like a hospital?” I asked, heart pounding with adrenaline. “Who got hurt?”
The door opens and Matt steps through with a small, amused smile on his face.  “Do you now?”  Oh heck, he's teasing me.  I scowl at him.  “Dude, last time I was here, I had just kicked the ass of an overzealous alien symbiote.”  Matt gives me a look, I can tell when he does even from behind the mask.  “Fine!”  I concede.  “I got my ass kicked too.  I'm not the one locked in a bottle, though am I?”  Matt chuckles and I kind of want to make set off a stink bomb in his apartment now.  Take that super senses.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint's teasing smile vanished and he hopped up with Bruce and Bucky coming over to me. “Did you get hurt?” he worriedly questioned.
“Can we go home now?”
Let me know what you thought, comment - I might get some inspiration and motivation for the next chapter.
Another nudge and I took the controller from Clint. “Prepare to get your Italian license revoked, kid.” I rolled my eyes and quipped back, “Well, prepare to be sent the nursing home, old man, because you're about to get beat.”
“NOW!”
“Peter?” The hard voice of Daredevil made me look back at him. “Do you remember what happened?” I frowned. Well. Of course. Okay, so maybe a little less than 'of course'. There were questions. Like 'what the fuck!? Were those bent restraints on my limbs!?'
needed to be free.
Someone's hand slipped into my left one and squeezed it, comfortingly. “We won't leave you.”
Tony stuck his tongue out.
As they're running as fast as they can go with me in their safe arms, I can hear the eerie pound of footsteps in the background. I know where they're coming from. Who they're coming for. I press my face into Cap's chest and breathe in the familiar smells of home.
The light made me wince and I hid my face back in my hands with a soft whine. “Peter,” Matt's voice breathed gently. I felt the thick leather of Daredevil's gloves as he ran a hand through my hair, threading his fingers through it. I felt like an absolute child. He knew it made me feel better.
“Hello there,” I said, voice soft and surprisingly fond. I didn't realize it until now. I missed it. I missed being Spider-Man, swinging from skyscrapers and taking criminals down. I missed doing my part to keep the city safe.
I shrugged, helplessly. I had no idea. There was no reason..
It turns out that rest in the Avengers household is not all that it's cracked up to be. Especially when Wade keeps jumping through windows with Mexican food to help me get better. Tony, Clint, and Bucky running through the building, yelling threats at him does not help. There is no peace and quiet here.
My consciousness wavered as it begun to take control. God no. Fuck no. A snarl ripped free from my throat with an animalistic feel to it. I could feel my grip on myself fading and an inhuman hunger for destruction grow.
Anywho.  I have no idea where this is going from here.  Not sure how this chapter came about.  No plans yet, whatsoever.  Except Venom is totally going to screw with Peter (who didn't see that coming, though, huh?).  Not sure if Peter is overly panicked about his memory loss or not (but considering he has an alien that's the problem, I'd imagine my own calm with my memory loss isn't suited for this).  Anyways, comments are always appreciated and loved.  Thanks~
“He already came once, so why come back?” I questioned, doggedly. He had been run off the last time, so why would he dare to face the Avengers a second time? Why?
I hope you enjoyed this chapter.  Always love to hear your opinions in the comics!
I'd forgotten that Wade had been through a place like this already. “It'll be okay, Wade,” I whisper, trying to comfort him. “I won't let them hurt you.”
I sigh and let him lay me down on the bed, but I refuse to let go of his arm so he slips down on the side of it, sitting. He runs a hand down my air soothingly. “I'll be right here,” he assures me.
I shrug, holding back a flinch as my bare skin swipes over the chill of the metal. “I dunno, Doc. I think I'd like my own green teammate if you guys get yours. Fair's fair,” I quip.
Hoping to update another fic I haven't updated in a while soon, but you never know I guess.  I hope you have a great rest of the week!
My eyes grew heavy as the adrenaline faded from my body and pure exhaustion took over. “Get some rest, Peter,” Matt murmured softly. I shivered as a sliver of fear rose from the thoughts of seeing that thing in my sleep. “It's okay, we're right here. We won't leave you.”
“--Well, yeah, I know he needs to get back out there, but do we really want him to go out there with those maniacs on the loose?”
Sorry it's taken so long to update.  I haven't had much inspiration for this.
Okay then.  Need some honest opinions on how this is going so far and maybe some comments on what you think might happen next.  Why is Hydra involved?  What's the deal between Green Goblin and Hydra?
(See the end of the chapter for
“It's nice to see you aren't dead yet. Now we can finally get what's ours.”
Bucky growled at Tony about his AI, but Tony just waved him off. It was so like him.
Vaguely I heard my family yelling and shouting at me.  Pops must've been scrambling to get to his shield, while Bucky and Tony were scrambling from their weapons and his suit, respectively.  Bucky was never the type to sit by and do nothing though, so that was probably him who threw the bottle of alcohol at the Goblin, grabbing his attention.  Fuck.  The Goblin let go of one of my wrists in preparation to lob a pumpkin bomb back at the Tower.  Well, there was no way I was going to let him do that.  At least he'd let go of one of my wrists, so I was able to web the bomb to his hand.  Genius, you might think.
“Peter, listen to me. It's okay, you're okay,” Matt tries again. I want to laugh, because it doesn't feel okay. I'm so emotionally worn out from being being terrified, from being in pain.
he knows and that's never a good thing. “How long?” I croak out. He looks just as smug as Sabertooth as he admits that he's known for a while now. I'm really hating this kidnapping. It's in the top five most hated by now. “Joy,” I mutter blandly. “So, what's up, Doc?” I take pride in watching Doc Ock's joyful facade crumble and give way to a disdainful glare.
Clint really looked like a kicked puppy.  God, I hate that face.  “Oh fuck it.”  I started pulling out the wires and the IV.  “Peter!  What are you doing!?”  I ignored Steve and Bruce's protests.  Seriously.  I just wanted to tell them 'I'm a big boy.  I have accelerated healing.  I can get out of bed whenever I damn please.'  I had to reign that in as I kicked off the sheet and walked, albeit slowly and wobbly to Clint.  “Damn bird brain, I'm okay.”  I wrapped my arms around him, delicately and hugged.  It wasn't long before I felt Clint return the hug, a little too tightly, but it really looked like he needed it.
I stab my finger getting into the comm and rewiring it a bit. Hey, they're freakin' tiny, okay? I don't have all of the usual equipment, though I swear, I'm getting Tony to help me work on a small tool kit to carry around – this is ridiculous. Still, it's worth it when I finally get it working.
I'm not sure how many of you are reading my other works, but I wanted to go ahead and put it out there that I have a bit of an ongoing family emergency right now, so updating is going to be a bit strained.  If I feel the need to write to get my mind off of things then I might surprise update, but right now I'm just not sure.
“Can we watch
I paused as another gust of wind made me rock on my feet. 'Wait… 'city traffic'? 'March wind?' What…' I forced my eyes open with an unusual level of difficulty.
Peter's been through a lot.  It's time they got a peek at everything he's been through.  At what made him Spider-Man.
Over 10,000 hits?  Whoa!?  How'd that happen?  Haha, I'm amazed.  Really.  You all are great.  It's no secret that I've been skeptical about this work from the beginning, but to see that people like it this much is incredible (and kind of a mystery to me), but it's the first fanfic I've done in these fandoms (as well as the first fanfic I posted on AO3) and I'd like to thank you all for reading.  And a special thanks to those who comment - I would not be as motivated to continue without all of the great comments.
I didn't notice when we landed on the pad at Avengers Tower. I barely even noticed when we stepped out of the transport. I was too focused on the loud gasps and shouts of my name as Matt and Wade helped me down the ramp.
Well, Deadpool slipped up.  At least the hard part was over.  Now I just had to explain the whole mess to the Avengers, my family.  Yay~~  ......Deadpool, come back!
“..just gotta remain calm...”
Doc Ock looked at me in confusion while Sabertooth eyed me with a certain murderous annoyance. “What do you mean, insect?” I rolled my eyes. Everyone's a critic. Either that or stupid because spiders are not insects. How many times do I have to say it before someone finally learns?
My head shoots over to him, eyes wide. He pulls his mask up so I can see his mouth and he repeats, “We're going to be okay.” It sounds like a promise.
With that situation contained, I'd sent a hurried message to SHIELD and after a little while they'd showed up with a new and improved containment unit. One agent, who had assured me of the safety of the container last time, wouldn't look at me. Had it been a less important matter I would've snickered and said 'I told you so', but no, this was a grim matter. It seemed like Venom had grown stronger. Another encounter and I wasn't sure I could take it on my own.
Another shake of my head had him frowning.
“I'm okay, Wade...” I try to assure him. He hums, not believing me. “I just need to get some rest and maybe dream about those tacos from Santa's.”
“I was… um…” I looked at Matt and Wade who just shrugged. Some help they were.
Something struck his chest, like claws digging into my skin and a scream tore from my sore throat. My eyes snapped open. I hadn't realized I'd closed them and everything was so bright, I hissed at the exposure.
Peter waits for help to arrive, but can he live long enough for it?
He pushes a glass of water in my hands and I down it, trying to rid my mouth of that fowl taste. It doesn't really work, but I pretend it does. No sense in complaining.
“Seriously, Stark?” Bucky growled, curling an arm around me. “It's not even daylight yet.”
Steve and Bucky exchanged worried glances, while Tony eyed me, searching. He seemed to have gotten what he was looking for when he merely shrugged. “Whatever you say, bug boy.”
Wade grins and saunters over there, picking it up and returning to the cot with the soup. “You really don't, but at least it's somewhat filling,” he tells me, holding the bowl out.
“Peter,” a voice breathes, and I turn my head to see Matt sitting by my side. He looks tired, shoulders heavy as if he's not been able to relax for a long time. I wonder if it's my fault?
Peter and the Avengers talk about his secret a bit more.
I started towards the door before I paused and my eyes slipped over to that little secret wall panel that I kept my suit in. Hesitating for a moment, I turned around and walked right over to, pressing the button to unlock it. The panel slid open and there it was.
“Did you know that there are any number of perceptions to stories. One person can see one thing, and another can see something else. It's a lot like art, in a way, I suppose. My dad, Steve, loves to paint and sketch. He's really good at it, but sometimes my other dad, Tony, can't see the same things he can,” I continued. At least I was getting the satisfaction that my chatter was annoying the not-so-good doctor.
A scream fled from my throat and I think Natasha and Clint flinched as they watched on. It felt like fire. My blood was burning.. I was burning from the inside out and I tried to move away – to flee, but hands held me still. I flung my head back, hoping to get them to release me if I managed to hit them, but hands found their way onto my head and stopped me.
(See the end of the chapter for
I hope you enjoyed this fluffy chapter.
Venom – an alien symbiote that really has the munchies for humans and, unfortunately for me, seems that I'm the only viable host. The first time I encountered Venom, I'd been naive and too stupid to realize the implications. When we'd become one I was stronger, faster, more energized. I could save more people as the Black Spider-Man than I could on the average day.
The doctor looks at me with distaste. “Hardly.”
I yawn.
A noise drew my attention and I saw guards opening the cell door. Wade's arms seemed to tighten as they stepped into the cell. “You can't have him,” Deadpool growled, clutching me tightly, almost so hard that it hurt. I didn't want to go with them anyways, so I wrapped a hand around his forearm.
I'd never seen my webs black before. It was really creepy and, yeah, no. Did not enjoy the pain of drawing the webs out to test.
I swallowed and hoarsely bit out, “B-Bucky, Steve,” I managed to get out, “You.. you might wanna hold me for this bit.” I could feel the way Daredevil and Deadpool tensed behind me. The two super soldiers' faces were confused at first until they understood.
The feeling of separating from the hybrid was like.. being skinned, like someone was peeling your skin from your body. Every single part of my body exploded with pain and I screamed. My screams and the symbiote's seemed to echo out.
“Yes,” Bucky croaked out. “Get them too.”
Regaining consciousness after taking heavy hits did not tend to differ much.  It did, however, come a little bit slower this time.  The haze from the pain and exhaustion was so thick I compared it to this one time Aunt May had tried to make pea soup.  Ehh... How does one get liquid to solidify by boiling it?  Needless to say I was not about to comment on how that had happened, which it was always safe to keep your mouth shut when it came to cooking failures in that house.
ted in a quiet voice, “Well.. that doesn't sound good.”
He was right. There was no denying it. I'd seen them fight before, even fought with them. It was irrational to think that they couldn't take care of themselves when it came to my villains. Irrational and yet I'd lost Gwen to them, lost people I'd loved because of horrible people. It wasn't my fault, but it was.
“Well..” Wade pulls away and looks at the small table in the cell. “They left you some of that soup shit. It's probably cold now, but...”
Have a good week~
“Matt...” I whined, pathetically as my consciousness fought to remain in control, to ignore that sick voice whispering, demanding for blood. “Matt… Wade.. help me,” I sobbed.
Hope you enjoyed.  Have a great weekend!  Stay cool/warm.
Peter's just trying to stay calm, even though he really wants to freak out.
Sadly being blown up does not excuse you from homework. Or chores. Ultimately I wasn't grounded persay, but they are checking in on me way too many times for comfort. It's only 7am and I've already had half the team come and see if I'm “doing okay” which is adult speak for “we just want to make sure you're still there”. I don't hate their attention, but
“Alien symbiote?”  I groan.  I don't want to tell that story now.  “Short version: alien symbiote, me, and shit went down.”  I don't feel like elaborating and I can tell they want to know.  Only the assassins know how to school their faces and look like robots.  I shrug.  “It's not a nice story.”  So I was downplaying it.  I can ignore the scowl on Matt's face.  “I just want to go home.”  I begged, because shit I was tired and this place is a fucking nightmare.
“Nice one Petey!” Deadpool called from the kitchen.
Coming up: Peter has to spill his guts (not literally, but perhaps he would prefer it at this point).
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, tell me, Doc,” I interrupt Vanquil, “where's my green benefactor that put me here? I assume the general is in cahoots with that nut-job.”
I felt a pin-prick on my arm, and then… Pain. There was nothing but pain.
Tony sputtered, red faced and Steve just blinked in shock. Clint's jaw was hanging open and Natasha and Bruce just raised amused eyebrows. Bucky's face was schooled in a way that I recognized. 'Hide your thoughts and just act.'
So... I was so grateful for the recent comments that I received on this fanfic.  It's been quite a bit since I updated and I didn't feel much motivation, but the comments really got me to rethink my approach and I was able to write another chapter.
I wanted to laugh at the indignant squawk Tony let out when Deadpool pushed him out of the way to drop the gifts on my lap.  God, Tony and Deadpool had issues.  That made things fun when Iron-Man and Deadpool met on missions.  I turned my attention on Wade as he muttered about how there wasn't actually anything in the bag.  He'd gotten me tacos but he'd gotten hungry along the way and the tacos decided to sacrifice themselves for the sake of his stomach.  --Yup, he was talking to the boxes again.  Oh well.  “Wade!” I interrupted him, knowing how long his ramblings could last.  “I thought you were away on a job!”  Wade gestured like 'who cares' and he threw his arms around me, causing me to wince in pain, but I wrapped him up in a hug.  “I couldn't stay gone when I knew my Petey-pie got hurt!  I knew I should've kicked that green guy's ass the last time he hurt you!”  I could just see the raised eyebrows in Bruce when he thought about the 'green guy' reference.  Obviously Wade had forgotten about calling the Hulk 'green guy' once.  Yipe.
I can't count the times I stole away to Bruce's lab, where things are kept chill for him. Not even Deadpool would dare to tread in Bruce's lab. Oh my safe haven. I haven't seen Daredevil since I got to leave the Medbay, but then again he would find the noise level of the Tower to be absolutely aneurysm inducing. Super senses, Deadpool, and the three most volatile Avengers do not make a good combination. Even I'm getting a headache.
But I want to be out there fighting too..
“Pool..” I reached out, blindly as I kept my eyes shut against another throb of pain. I felt his gloved hand slip into mine and he squeezed it gently. “That's my name, hot cake.” I laughed despite myself. 'Leave it to Wade to use the Japanese title for pancakes as a nickname.'
Tony rolled his eyes, annoyed. “Yes, Deadpool. That's exactly what's going on.” Steve shot Tony a look. “Tony,” he hissed in warning. Tony sighed and shrugged, surrendering to his husband.
Since that night, he’d visited countless times, always slipping passed the Tower’s security to watch over me in my sleep. He thought I didn’t know, but I did. I could tell from the lingering scent of Mexican and gunpowder he would leave behind. I almost thought about telling Tony and Bucky, but they didn't notice. Neither did any of the other assassin ninjas, so… Let's play clue? I was interested to see how long it'd take them to figure out I'd been having a late night visitor.
'I hope Dad and Bruce figure something out soon…' I thought, fading. Not quite asleep yet, I startled slightly. I called him “Dad”. 'Huh..'
Huh. Well. I guess I was.
“Parker,” someone says, and I look. It's a man in a dark suit, expensive. I know it must've cost a fortune since I've seen something from that brand in Tony's line of costly wear. “I've been waiting for you.”
Steve's hand slid from mine and his arms curled around me, hugging me against him. It seemed like he was speechless. Clint, Natasha, and Director Fury were silent in all of this and it was a bit unnerving, yet not unexpected.
Ten rounds later (nine of which I won) and a whining Clint, the pancakes were ready and I was stunned to see Bucky and Deadpool dragging so much food into the living room. It eventually ended up looking like a picnic with pancakes, syrup, jams, jellies, juice, and coffee. Bucky less than subtly slipped me a bowl of fruits.
Have a good rest of the week.
I sigh and lift my gaze to the dent on the ceiling.  “You know, Double D, they put me in the same room as last time.  Same freaking bed!”  I tell Matt, who can hear it even though he's not there.  Matt has way better super senses than I do.  Sometimes I curse him for it.  Makes for an awesome confusion maker.  The amount of times I'd talk to him and it looked like I was talking to myself?  Way too many too count.  All totally freaking hilarious.  Feigning craziness is fun.  I've learned way too much from Deadpool.  Oh well.
Jarvis open the window in the living room and I waved back at them before I jumped, whooping as I went. The rush of the air, the fearless falling – I was back and this time I wouldn't let Goblin or anyone else take me down.
I sighed, feeling the cool March wind cut into my skin causing goosebumps to appear as I shivered. The sounds of city traffic blurred beneath me and my limbs trembled with anticipation. Soon I'd be swinging through the city, high above the pedestrians below, whooping with glee as I twisted and turned mid-air.
“Okay,” they nodded slowly. They moved around Deadpool and Daredevil and reached out, gripping my upper arms in a not quite painful grip but one that could instantly immobilize me. I nodded to Bruce minutely.
I try to focus on it, keep my mind from the reality of where I am, what I've been through and what's to come, but it's difficult. I feel… weak, helpless.
“Huh?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry, Buck. We just got back from SHIELD. Didn't notice you and Peter were sleeping on the couch,” Steve apologetically answered.
I tell them about my parents and how they were SHIELD scientist's working at Oscorp, trying to create a Super Solider Serum with Spider DNA.  At that, Tony looks like he wants to interrupt, but a sharp look for Steve shuts his mouth again.  I go on about how they died before trying to kill the program and how one of the spiders bit me when I was trying to find out more about them at Oscorp.  My tale goes from getting my abilities to using them to earn money, to losing Uncle Ben, fighting the Lizard and variety of other villains.  Finally it comes to losing Gwen and Aunt May, my friend becoming my enemy.  SHIELD had walked into my life after the Lizard incident, but I really stuck with them after getting injured fighting the good fight after Gwen and Aunt May.
Well.
Matt's small smile and soft chuckle caught my attention. I smiled over at him, grateful to have him there with me, grateful to have everyone there with me. Another twinge of pain made me wince. I would've hated to have been alone with this.
Director Fury was right.  It was time to tell the truth.  But how do I tell them?  How will they react?  There were so many worries racing through my mind as I watched the door open.  I wondered how angry they would be at me.  It was the first thing I looked for when they came in.  I looked for the tightness in Steve's jaw, the familiar anger in Tony's eyes when I did something wrong, the cold hardness in Clint, Natasha, and Bucky's eyes.  In Bruce, I looked for the green twinge in his skin when he was overstressed and close to Hulk-ing out.    It was my fear to see those things there.  But there was none of that.  Even in the usually 'cold in situations' assassins there were hints of worry.
I relished the power. At least, I did until I nearly killed a mugger. That was when I realized that I hadn't quite learned the lesson Uncle Ben had given me. I thought that being given mutant spider powers was the greatest power I would ever have. But Venom. Venom was a power greater than Spider-Man. Venom enhanced Spider-Man and also took control of him. It was then that I knew that Venom was another power that I needed to be responsible about.
Oh, shoot me now. Glory be. Praise the pasta. Anything. If I wasn't awake before, I certainly was now. Awake and eager to swing through the city. “Oh Hell yes!” I could hear Fury cough a little. It sounded like he was more amused than annoyed by my outburst.
“You've been denying it ever since they took you in, Peter,” Matt continued, watching as they fought. “I know you were worried for them, but look at them.” He waved his hand at the battle. “They're the Avengers. They can take care of themselves.”
She shook her head, eyes wide as she looked up at me. Her shoulders were shaking, probably because she wanted to cough and she was terrified.
“Yes, Mr. Barton,” Jarvis responded. “Should I include Mr. Wilson and Mr. Murdock in that summons?”
I let out a breath I didn't even know I'd been holding. 'Thank fu-frick for that.' Not that Steve could read minds, it's just that sometimes it looked like he could read minds. That was supported by the fact that he narrowed his eyes a little, brows furrowing as he looked at me.
Wow.  It's been so long since I updated this.  I'm so terribly sorry.
I jerked away from the cold metal against my skin, a thin cut starting to bleed from how I'd moved.
My senses screamed, danger from the doctor's emotions and possible intentions. My teeth dug into my tongue without my consent. I wanted to punch something, to feel something solid crumble beneath my fists.
Okay, before I go on to panicking, let's take a moment to recap Venom.
Questions swarm my thoughts, overwhelming me with the desire to explore them, to answer them, but I can't. This isn't the place or time for my own investigating. Revealing the oddities would only make my situation worse.
'Them,' I correct myself as a small snore from across the room draws my attention. Tony's there, drooping in the chair with racoon circles under his eyes. He's looked better. Definitely better.
Luckily calmer heads prevailed.  Well head.  And by that I mean Uncle Bucky.  “SHUT UP!!!”  His loud, hard voice washed over everyone like icy water and I couldn't help but smirk as I saw even Tony slam his mouth shut.  Ha!  “Now,” Uncle Bucky began, “we all want answers.”  He looked at me and I couldn't help but cringe at the shaken look in his eyes.  “Peter can't answer if we're all yelling our heads off.”  Everyone else nodded reluctantly.  “So, first off.  You're Spider-Man?”  I nodded.  “Seriously?”  Tony cut in and I just nodded again.
Anywho, I hope you enjoyed it and that you all have lovely weekends~
I sighed and rubbed my temples. If he rambled on any longer, I wouldn't be surprised if his jaw just locked in place from overuse. At least then it'd be quiet.
I was able to smile a little in return. We had both been through so much and he'd survived, I survived. We'd be okay. I was sure that I'd wake up with nightmares again like I did after Carnage and Venom. Horrible, terrifying, violent nightmares that frightened me and would cause me to lash out at anyone nearby.
I could see bits of the wall, crumbled on the floor. The furniture was upended, now that I actually looked more around at the common room. My favorite spot on the couch was smoldering from laser discharge. 'Fucking asshole,' I cursed Goblin.
SHIELD finally makes an appearance (late!), but it's a painful process to get free.  Luckily Peter has two of his best friends.
It was almost comical the way their eyes widened. The way the blood drained from their faces and their worried voices was not.
There's nothing quite like home when Peter returns to Avengers Tower following the ordeal.
Peter returns to Avengers Tower and well.. everyone freaks out.
I looked over at Matt, whose lips were curved downward in a slight frown. I waved another orange slice at him. “I'm okay, just a bit tired,”
“Don't get used to it. - Not you, Yellow. No one can ever get used to you. - White, behave! Don't make me come in there,” Deadpool warns, and before I realize it, laughter fills the room. Deadpool stares at me, shocked. I'm pretty shocked myself. I hadn't realized… It's me laughing.
tumblr: tabihe
“Oh..” I weakly got out. I was on the top the ledge of some high rise's roof, overlooking Manhattan. It was a spectular view. The only problem was.. I don't remember how I got there.
And I am quite tired still…
“Lucky~” I stepped into the light and hesitantly began to pull my gloves off, holding onto them with my mouth so I could outstretch my arms and flip over my hands. Wrists facing upwards, I was finally able to see.
As if I needed more convincing, I remembered that Matt would kick my ass if I'd let myself die so easily.  Yeah, totally freaking scary.  'Time to get the fuck outta here,' I thought as I ignored the pain in my wrists and kicked my leg out, catching Goblin in the stomach.  Another leg flew up to meet his face, as my elbow fell into the arm still holding my wrist and I felt his bone crack beneath me.  As soon as he let go, I was ready jumping from the glider.  Just my lovely Parker luck that I barely managed to get him to let go and the bomb goes off.  'FML' was my last thought as the fire burned through my clothes and seared my skin, the force of the blast, throwing me back towards Avengers Tower, which I barely registered as my sight went black from shock and pain.
I flare up, unable to take my own self being powerless in his clutches. “Afraid of someone who's dressed like some crappy Halloween wannabe? Pft!” I laughed, even if it was a little bit forceful. “You're some kind of screwed up in the head, buddy.”
“It's kind of stupid really. And what the fuck, who doesn't know me?” The guy had yelped, called me a freak and a bunch of other slurs for mutants – which I am
“They're okay!” Tony insisted. I gave him a look and he explained, “They took a few hits between them but Deadpool managed to get them out okay. The X-Men stepped in and took Doc Ock and Sabertooth out.”
Hello~  Sorry this chapter is a little bit shorter than the others and a bit late on the update perhaps?
My heart stutters in my chest as another icy needle is plunged into my arm, sucking the blood from a vein in another attempt to gather data from the black veins. Biting on my lip, I force myself to ignore the panic and pain. They don't know I'm Spider-Man, but even as Peter Parker I'm not about to let myself fall apart in front of them. I'm stronger than that. I have to be.
I get choked up now and then, but by the time I'm finished I feel oddly light.  I know there are some details that I skimmed over.  Telling everything over two years would just be way too long and I honestly don't want to stay here any longer than I have to.  Everyone looks shocked, guilty, sad.  I'm not sure I want to know what's going on in their minds, but there's something I have to ask.  I'm afraid to ask, yet somehow I do.  I want to know what they think of me.  I need to know.  So I open my mouth...
He chuckles, chest rumbling. “It's you they want,” he argues softly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wellz, this is all well and good,” Deadpool began before lifting me up in his arms. I squeaked, startled. “But I think Petey-pie's going to need some food and this place is starting to give me the heebie jeebies.”
Promised an update on Saturday or Sunday, but I got it done earlier than I thought.  Also have a lot of stuff I have to do during the weekend, so tada~  I hope you enjoyed this chapter.
“Thanks, Bucky,” I murmured to him. Bucky winked at me when Steve and Tony exchanged another look. 'Ninja.'
Peter works to get the comm working.
I wasn't too sure about how this chapter went.  I hope it reached your expectations.  I've been caught with my other ongoing fanfiction.
I let the gloves fall to the ground as I opened my mouth, licking my lips and trying to swallow my panic. “Well...” I spoke aloud, “that's not normal.”
I jerked back, only to whack my head with a thud that would've made the Hulk proud on a metal table. 'Fuck fuck shit shit,' was all I could think through the pain. I groaned loudly, unable to stop the pain from showing.
“Maybe he forgot his undies?” Deadpool suggested, huffing as we reached the main armory. Everyone turned to give him a disgusted look as they grabbed more weapons. He shrugged. “It could happen.” Sure it could. Had it? Unlikely.
As I squinted again against the light, Tony spoke up, “Jarvis, dim the lights.” I shot him a grateful look as the bright lights dimmed and it didn't feel like each ray of light was trying to stab my eyes to death. He smiled back at me in return.
“Nope, not a thing,” I supported, my voice thick with sleepiness.
“Cold, Mr. Parker?”
Sure, there were going to be questions. I'm sure the Avengers still weren't completely caught up with the symbiotes. Everyone would want to know about them and then they'd want to know how to kill them. That last part would be debatable, but after this last time, knowing how to fight them
Things move too fast for me to keep up. Fury's talking to SHIELD on his comm and Tony's got everyone up and out of there, ready for the fight. I bite my lip, worrying about them as I watch from a level that's been reinforced to hold up to an attack, twice.
Not to mention the fact that I've gotten bored over the past few days. Bored. Bored. Bored. Hacking Jarvis and looking for the Green Goblin is only so much fun. Speaking of, it had been determined that the Avengers would look after me and Daredevil and Deadpool would track him. I still don't know if Deadpool's actually doing his job because he seems to be at the Tower all the time. But if Daredevil's not here, dragging him along they must be working together during the time he's not here.
Peter remembers his encounters with Venom and Carnage.
Sighing, pleased at the sensation, my nails bit into my wrists as I scratched. “Much better.”
That specific indentation I had made during my last stint in this medical prison.  Let's just say that I had not come out of the whole Venom incident intact and ended up in this very bed to be plagued by nightmares.  Nights, which in this case, had messed with my senses and... okay, so I didn't remember much about how the heck it happened, I just know that my head did not enjoy the metallic alloy SHIELD's Helicarrier consisted of.  (Drywall is so much more soft~  Like getting thrown into pillows~ ..Meh, for an enhanced human, such as myself, at least.)
